 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following haunt cast contains Lego friends, partying with NSYNC members,  the Phantom of the Opera's daughter, and a hot take on a controversial topic, the song  What I Like About You.
  Jane Clare joins us to talk Beetlejuice's Graveyard Review and much more on today's haunt cast,  The Fright.
  Welcome to another installment of Haunt Cast The Fright, the show where we, as we get into  the meat of the episode, step into the blasts of giant fog machines for 90 seconds in order  to change into our official podcasting regalia.
  I am normally Jason Sheridan, but this month I'm Jack O'Lantern, slime it in, here as always  with the creature once known as Michael R.
 Carlson, but this month known as.
.
.
  This month I'm known as I kill Gerson, but I want to change this because last week it  sounded like I was admitting to killing girls.
  That is not what I am about, so I am changing my name to Pike, innocent of all allegations,  son.
  But what does this do for your reputation as a lady killer?  For the month of October, we're going to forget that phrase even existed alongside my name  as a descriptor.
  Maybe we'll resume it after this whole thing blows over.
  You can't erase that reputation.
  The world knows.
  I don't want to, but for this month, I don't know what you're talking about.
  Joining us also.
.
.
  Yeah, I amended mine, but in a more minor way.
  I'm going to be Scott Gravedigner.
  I'm going to add an N in there to tie it into my real name, which I'm not going to repeat  because you don't need to know it for October.
  Yeah, good point.
  Yeah, just a little adjust.
  Nips and tucks.
  It's ever flowing.
  We're always adjusting.
  Yeah, as my scandal grows, I think perhaps I will also have to amend.
  Hopefully it's going to be done here, but this October surprise really took me by surprise.
  Scandal that could bring the whole thing down, absolutely.
  Exactly.
  Yeah, we were talking about Beetlejuice's Graveyard Review today, and we have a special  guest coming all the way from the other room of the apartment that I am sitting in.
  She's a singer.
  She's a theme park professional, and she is my girlfriend.
  Please welcome Jane Clare.
  Hi, sweetie.
  Hello.
  Can I be Jane Scare for now?  Yay.
  Wow.
  That's good.
  It's so easy.
  That one sets right in there.
  Hello.
  Hi.
  Hey, thanks for doing this.
  I just want to paint a quick picture for the listener.
  Jane is sitting on a couch, and Jason is sitting next to the oven.
  Because of audio concerns, we had to go through a whole thing just now to figure out what  the best way to get audio that was clean was going to be.
  Didn't want an echo and such.
  Yeah.
  Exactly.
  Exactly.
  Yeah, because lest we started to think that two people could have in the room chemistry  on a podcast in 2020, no, no, no.
  It needs to be as clunky as possible.
  Yes.
  So, yeah, we fumbled around a little bit, but now we've got it.
  And honestly, this is actually where Jason usually records the podcast when he's doing  it remotely next to that oven, I assume because perhaps you put cookies in at the start of  a record.
  Okay, here it goes.
  All right.
  Well, now, so, yeah, I made a little spider hole.
  This is where I usually record.
  I pull two kitchen chairs.
  If I record at Jane's, sometimes I record at my house.
  But when I'm at Jane's, I pull two kitchen chairs into the kitchen.
  And the reason for this is because there is a wall unit air conditioner that I was concerned  about picking up.
  And in the spring, when it was more mild and chilly, we would just turn it off because  there is a ceiling fan.
  And then I recorded the Griffin Newman episode here, and that went for three hours, and it  was like an oven in here by the time it was done.
  You need to change your climate in general.
  You have to really think about it before a Griffin episode because you know you're going  to be there for half a day.
  Exactly.
  Yes, that is true.
  And Jane is very patient, but even she has her limits.
  I'm just excited that I get to be a part of one and don't have to be quiet in the next  room for a couple hours.
  It's so fun.
  Your usual role.
  Yes, indeed.
  Do you ever hear Jason say stuff?  Because like Lindsay, oftentimes when we would be recording at our apartment, she would yell  stuff if she was in the kitchen and she heard something and she disagreed with a thing or  she agreed with it, she would yell.
  Do you ever find yourself hearing something Jason's saying and going like, I'd like to  scream that's wrong or that's right?  Definitely I think it.
  And then after I'll be like, did you say this?  And then I'll be like, either like, oh yeah, or like, oh crap, or like, that's fine, or  like what?  I don't know.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I feel weird interrupting it.
  Sure.
  Well, maybe this has to open it up.
  Maybe now we have to allow the interruption, the in the next room interruption.
  Now we've introduced you to the audience officially.
  Uh huh.
  I, yes, I think from now on, if Jason says something that's really wrong, just feel free  to yell in the background.
  I have permission now.
  So okay, sounds good.
  I have another issue with the way that that introduction happened, which is Jason, when  you're introducing your girlfriend on this podcast, what you're supposed to do is say  my love in a way that makes everyone very uncomfortable.
  That's the that's the standard introduction of a significant other.
  Very suspicious that you're hiding something.
  You're like going overboard to make a vent.
  I try to give her professional bonafides to not try and like make being my girlfriend  the most important thing is surely surely not.
  I mean, it's the most important thing to me.
  But.
  Well, thank you.
  That was very nice.
  Yeah, I think you hit the right balance.
  And if the listener doesn't know what Scott is talking about, he's talking about my introduction  of Lindsay's first appearance on the podcast, which some people considered a bit strange.
  Not to me.
  I thought it was normal.
  Yeah, I don't know what it was like this like you like shifted into a register.
  I'd never heard.
  I just like it's like you were playing in a new scale that I was unfamiliar with.
  Well, that's my love voice.
  And I don't really show it to the audience.
  Love.
  The voice is love.
  It means I'm in love.
  I am very, very, very.
  I suppress everything.
  We all know that.
  So love had to eke out somehow.
  It eked out in a strange way that time.
  What can I say?  Crawled out of your your vocal cords.
  There's something wrong with me.
  OK, fine.
  We got to the bottom of it.
  And then the other day, I immediately put you in in the doghouse because we were on  a zoom.
  Oh, my God.
  We're going to talk about this.
  Yeah.
  Well, we'll get to that when Lindsay does the show.
  But yeah, I think like two years ago, she had like light like flagged Tower of Terror.
  And I forgot.
  I just forgot there was another episode that I think we're going to do with her that was  more forefront in my mind of like, oh, that's the next Lindsay episode.
  But I just look, I forgot.
  And yes, I got called out in the middle of a zoom birthday party.
  Let's just put it that way.
  That all of us were on organized by Jane, where everyone was wearing Spider-Man masks  and in the midst of the spider revelry, some very awkward moments occurred.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, we'll we'll continue to break me down in that future episode.
  And then also, my my my old friends that we've talked about this before, I think in the next  couple of months, maybe a Wisconsin Dulles episode so we can break me down even further.
  Oh, new angles of that episode.
  Fantastic.
  And that puts my mind at ease because I just know my ass is going to get roasted today.
  I guess we should just get into it then.
  Yeah, let's stop talking about our nonsense.
  No, yeah.
  But well, that's you know, there was the question.
  Yeah, you forgot to give Lindsay the topic that she flagged.
  But there but this this this topic obviously had to be flagged for Jane because Jane is  a performer in Beetlejuice.
  Well that's the thing.
  I want to say Beetlejuice is a Graveyard Review.
  You were in a Beetlejuice something or other because the name changed a bunch of times.
  What were you in?  So I was in Beetlejuice's Graveyard Mashup, which was the final version before the entire  theater was demolished for Fast and Furious Supercharged.
  Oh boy.
  Oh, the tragedy of tragedies.
  And so that puts it in Florida because you well this show hasn't been in Hollywood for  a while.
  You did work in Florida and now you and you've been out here and you've worked at Universal  out here as well.
  Yeah.
  So I actually did my last show at Beetlejuice like a week or two before I left for L.
A.
  The show was closing about the same time that I was leaving, which ended up working out  really nice.
  And yeah, so I did my last show, which I found on YouTube.
  And I'm so happy that somebody got my very last show because as I was watching it, I  was like, oh, I remember doing that thing and that thing.
  Oh my God, this is my last ever show.
  Somebody captured it.
  I was really happy to have that.
  So that's amazing.
  Wait, this was passed to us and I watched it and I didn't.
  Yeah, I didn't realize it was literally the last one.
  That's pretty special.
  My last.
  Oh, your last.
  Not the last one.
  It wasn't.
  Yeah.
  So I that was my last show.
  And yeah, because I was watching it and I noticed there's some times where like Beetlejuice  will give me like a little kiss or one of the dancers would like hold my hand.
  And I was like, oh my God, this is my last one.
  And I had to try to not cry that whole show.
  Do you know how many shows you did in total or about?  That's a good question.
  Probably.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, we would do like it depends on the schedule, but we would do maybe four shows a day.
  And I was a sub, so I would be there maybe once or twice a week at most.
  Because I kind of in Florida, I kind of hopped around different venues.
  So I wasn't full time at that venue, but I would do like the Diagon Alley show.
  I would do one of the shows in Hogsmeade and then I would do Beetlejuice.
  So I would be working at the park like four days a week, but between like three different  venues.
 So I don't know, a couple dozen, maybe more than that of Beetlejuice.
  It definitely became in my body enough that when I was watching it back the other day,  I started doing it.
  I was like, I don't know how I know this still.
  Like, this is weird.
  Like possessed you.
  Yeah, right.
  I'm being taken over.
  We should I should say one of my favorite stories about your your theme park resume came up  because so we were doing the downtown Disney ordeal and on the episode about the Lego  store in downtown Disney, Mike revealed to us about the Lego friends, the back story  about, you know, the friends, you know, the Lego friends.
  They're just a bunch of fun loving gals.
  And we had fun.
  We were talking about the back story.
  We showed the picture.
  And after we recorded that episode, Jane, you and I were like hanging out and we were  I was talking about the recording.
  I was like, by the way, do you know about the Lego friends?  And I held up a picture and you were like, yeah, I know the Lego friends.
  That's me, idiot.
  Like that.
 I was like, what?  And I look in the picture that Mike had found from the official website of Lego land.
  Jane was in.
  This is true.
 Can confirm.
  Yeah.
 So wait, I found a photo and yeah, remind me what I found.
  It was just a picture of people playing the Lego friends in Lego land.
  Was that what it was? I think it I think it was the promo shot of us on what was called  me as riding adventure, which was one of the rides in Hartlick City, which is what the  town was called.
 So the franchise had already existed.
  The toys came out as kind of a kind of like this is our Barbie type thing, but it's our  own IP for Lego, I guess, maybe to kind of appeal to like young girls in the cliche,  you know, world that Lego likes living, I guess.
  But yeah, we were on the ride on the horses because we did a whole day.
  I was one of the media girls, which was like a big deal because I never got to be one  of the media girls.
  So I got to be the media girl.
  So I was in all the pictures and promo and opening day and stuff.
  So, yeah, whenever those PR pictures come around, I'm always like, oh, there it is.
  Wow.
 So so, yeah, media girl was like that meant that you would be out front.
  I assumed they would put like the best performers of some kind, like is that kind of  what the thinking was when like they would choose people?  There's a lot of things that go into it, but I would say, I mean, that sounds like I'm  tooting my own horn and I definitely don't mean that, but I had to work hard to become a  media girl.
 No, it was kind of like whoever they thought, like, yeah, who was the most  prepared at that point?  Because some stuff gets kind of thrown in last minute or who they know is reliable when  things get a little chaotic because some people fall apart more quickly.
  And like, for example, the show we did, that's actually online, like that all the like  attractions magazine and everything covered my track for my song skipped and they had to  go back.
 And there's like this look of panic on my face because I was like, you've got to  be kidding me.
 And it was fine.
  But I was like, you never know what's going to happen on the show day because everything's  kind of thrown together.
 So it's a couple of things.
  Yeah, I mean, that was really fun.
  It was really fun to open a show and actually play a character that's like a real  character that's already around because a lot of the other stuff I do, it's like or I did is like  versions of.
 So like for the Hogwarts school choir, I wasn't like a specific Hogwarts  character.
 I was like a prefect who's a Gryffindor.
  So like this was Lego was the only time I got to play like an actual character, which felt  really cool because like there was also a fountain outside and I got to be a voice in the  fountain.
 So for years, I think they changed it now.
  But for a couple of years there was like you could step on something and you'd hear my voice.
  And that was really cool.
  Oh, part of an attraction, part of a thing in a physical place.
  That's that's the dream.
 What did you say?  Do you remember any lines from this character?  It was yes, it was just one.
  And I have a video of it.
  And it was just you're the star.
  That's it.
 That's it.
  Pretty good.
 Pretty fun.
  Well, and you it was this it wasn't like the fountain.
  There's that fountain at Universal or they used to have it where you would be there.
  A performer was somewhere else and they would be talking.
  It was different than it was that.
  No, it was different from that.
  So the theme of Heart Lake City was like girl power, friendship, but also like music and  like being a rock star pop star kind of vibe.
  So it was a literal heart shaped pool that was there because it used to be Cypress  Gardens and Cypress Gardens had a heart shaped pool already as a whole other thing.
  But you would step on different shapes and each Lego friend would say different things  as you stepped on it.
  And what did I miss?  What who which one were you of the Lego friends?  Oh, I opened as.
  Olivia, I think, and then I also cross trained into Emma and Stephanie briefly,  but I Olivia was my main character.
  Yeah, of course, of course.
  We all know them very well.
  Olivia is the sort of a is Olivia a bookworm or just Olivia has glasses.
  Olivia, honestly, I OK, Emma liked karate, so she had like karate.
  It's so ridiculous, y'all.
  OK, so Andrea was the lead and she was like the pop star singer.
  So the whole concept, I feel like we're talking about Lego friends now, but  I love this.
 OK, so the whole concept of the show that I did was called Lego  Friends to the rescue.
  So Andrea was like, I have this big show in Heart Lake City, but I'm nervous because  it's not going well and I need my friends to help me get through it.
  So we came to the rescue and then like did the show with her.
  And it was like Power of Friendship, which was literally one of the songs.
  So, yeah, one girl was like really like Stephanie was like, I'm the tech girl  and I'll handle your sound and lighting.
  And like one girl is like, I'm good with decorations.
  And one girl, Mia, Mia's like into animals.
  It really had nothing to do with it.
  It was just like put a paw print on her costume and  well, she'll wear pants and not skirts like everybody else,  because she's a tomboy like.
  This is a dense pathology.
  He is throwing blood at the audience.
  What a time.
  I'm on a as I got obsessed with.
  I was talking a lot of Disney dot fandom dot com last week,  and now I'm on Brick Brickimedia dot org for Olivia.
  Wait, I'm sorry.
 This is Brickipedia, but the web address is Brickimedia.
  So if you want Brickipedia, go to Brickimedia dot org.
  And when you look up Olivia,  somebody has taken the time to list every outfit Olivia has ever worn.
  This is one of the densest things I've ever seen.
  Amber vest, light pink skirt and white shoes, magenta top, light blue skirt  and white shoes.
  I'm scared to see very normal, very cool.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Normal stuff.
  It's been your time doing for no pay.
  I swear, I think I've seen people like I've seen the Wikipedia's  for people who are like running for president that are like way less thorough  than the Olivia page.
  This is this goes and goes.
  And I'm disturbed.
  I'm going to try.
 Oh, there's a lot of like a wait.
  Is it like her address?  They have addresses.
 What are you talking about?  They have their address.
  Wait, no, maybe this is like the character.
  I don't even know this.
  They are dock saying Olivia has been doxxed by Brickimedia.
  Olivia and Emma have been doxxed.
  Is Brickimedia like like an Alex Jones or like a Matt Drudge type website?  Scott, are you sure you're not on like an alt right?  Lego website.
  It's like it's a QAnon world that believes that every heart  like city is a real place and that these little creatures are like throwing  the power balance.
  I don't I think the numbers I'm seeing are the codes of the like  of the Lego sets.
  So four one oh three three Jungle Falls Rescue is the name of the set,  not an address of a place.
  Olivia, Olivia was part of the George Soros gang.
  Oh, no.
  We got to get some people over to Jungle Falls Rescue.
  Part of the Illuminati.
  Olivia's part Illuminati.
  Well, this is almost too perfect of a transition because Jane, when you were  Legoland used to be this botanical garden like Cypress Garden, Cypress Garden.
  Yeah.
 And you told me once about like the one the building they would use  for like, you know, private parties and like rehearsal space sometimes  was kind of like a like you would describe it as like a big old house.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 A certain style of like like a big old with like big columns.
  What is that? A plantation, a plantation house.
  OK.
 Yes.
 Unfortunately, this was the deep south.
  And, you know, the history came along with it.
  And they tried their best to make it kid friendly.
  And, you know, you adapt and do what you can.
  But yes, we did rehearse in like this giant mansion  plantation house where it was like weirdly empty with like a grand staircase.
  But upstairs, there was like one suite that was themed to Lego friends  that you could win to stay in.
  But the rest of the house was like so creepy and empty.
  It was so weird.
 And like, yeah, it was a weird.
  This is a haunted mansion, essentially  partially themed to Lego friends instead of ghosts.
  Precisely.
 Wow.
  And the other place you told me you rehearsed at was.
  Yeah.
 Oh, so the yeah.
  Legoland did what they could.
  And the other place we rehearsed was the 4D theater.
  But like after hours and we would be in the front  where there was like all that space between the audience and the screens,  but not all the special effects turned off at night.
  So we'd be like running the show and then like like puffs of air  would come out and scare us so bad because like they were timed.
  And I don't know why they didn't shut off.
  So we'd be like running the show and be like, OK, guys, let's do this.
  And just like all this like the stuff would come out and like it scared me.
  I was because I was a kid.
  I was scared of everything in the parks.
  And I always was like, you can't go past that line  because someone will come out and get you.
  So like I was a little bit scared.
 Sure.
  You're in it after hours.
 Yeah.
  And gas is shooting at you.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
 Fog.
  That evil fog that teens love.
  When you were a kid, you said you were scared of everything.
  Were you like scared, obviously, and intrigued  because you ended up being a performer in these shows?  Or was it truly fear?  Yeah.
 So I mean, so I grew up in Orlando for a lot of my childhood.
  We moved around a lot, but then I went back as an adult.
  So I guess about half of my life spent in Orlando.
  So we went to Disney World  pretty much every weekend when I was five till I was 10.
  We had like passes and we lived.
 Oh, yeah.
  So I definitely really liked the entertainment.
  And if there was like an empty little spot or a stage, I remember  because I'm also the youngest and like just love attention,  which Jason knows nothing about.
  And I would like hop on the little stages.
  But I was like, cute.
 I was like five.
  And I'd hop on the little like stages that they'd have  and like start singing and people would like clap and shit.
  So I think like I was destined to do what I did.
  But no, I was scared more of like like attractions,  I think because my imagination is so wild, which is why things still scare me  as an adult, because I would like start to think like this could happen.
  And they go, well, this will happen.
 This will happen.
  So my imagination would go before my like reality would.
  Sure.
 So were you more did you did you like the shows at theme parks  more than the rides or was it was it both?  I would say probably yes.
  All of my family did, though, too.
  So like my favorite show was The Hunchback of Notre Dame  that they had at MGM when it was back when it was MGM.
  I remember that show like so vividly.
  I thought it was so amazing.
  And I do think that's part of the reason I wanted to like  be a performer, maybe specifically theme park.
  I really liked that.
  And yeah, I mean, I liked the rides fine, too.
  But I was always more interested in like what was going on entertainment wise, I think.
  Sure.
 Which we kind of like neglect shows a lot.
  This is this is a different perspective.
  I yeah, I don't know.
  We yeah, we've missed a lot.
  We haven't talked about that Hunchback thing.
  And here it's one of your big influences.
 Oh, it's so good.
  It's on YouTube and it's so good.
  So good.
 Yeah.
  I mean, there's we briefly mentioned, I mean, we've done a couple of little shows here and there  like like stuff like as a kid.
  I always like that Little Mermaid show.
  They still do it at Hollywood Studios.
  RIP to most theme park shows as well.
  Yes, this is our heart goes out to all these people that are laid off  from these shows that are like major productions.
  Well, yeah, and are closed permanently as of like 12 hours ago.
  Can I say this, Chase?  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's on the block.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 Why?  So my friends that worked at Disneyland, they just were told that  Frozen is officially like closed and magical map is officially closed.
  So they didn't get to have their final show.
  Like for me with Frog choir out here.
  I mean, I guess I'll say it because I don't think I'm doing it again.
  I didn't know that I had my last day  like in retrospect, I know, but like I didn't know like the last show  that I did before Covid, which was like March 12th.
  Maybe I had no idea that was my last ever show doing that show.
  So, I mean, it's kind of nice because then you don't have like the sadness  attached to it while you're doing it.
  But now it's a little bit like I didn't really get a formal last show.
  And it's a little sad.
  But like, yeah, it's kind of wild right now.
  I'm super sad.
 Yeah.
 Well, those mean.
  Yeah, it's there's tons of people that it's very sad.
  It's very.
 Yeah, it's like these show like Frozen,  especially is like this major, major production.
  Like it's like like they put so much time, obviously,  and they've done the show now for a couple of years.
  And it's like it's just gone.
  It's so much.
  I mean, in with magical map, too, there's so many costumes.
  Oh, yeah.
 So like they're all such great.
  And it's sad because I feel like too, over the years, as with Beetlejuice,  you know, that got taken out not during Covid,  but just to replace with a ride of a franchise they thought would be a better,  you know, attraction for that area.
  And I think over the last few years,  like live performance has taken a bit of a hit.
  And then now with Covid and everything, it's just demolished.
  So, you know, I hope that in the coming years,  when things start to pick back up, it will recover.
  But it's definitely a really weird time right now for a lot of people in theme  parks, not just entertainment.
  But yeah, yeah.
  Fast and furious supercharged is the Covid of theme park attraction.
  Hell yeah, brother.
  I'm now that's a guess I didn't do.
  I only know the tram one, but I if I had to guess and Jay Jason is not said kind things.
  No, no, I'm waiting.
  I'm keeping all of my little thoughts for because I when we went to Florida  for like to do the live show, I was the only one who went on.
  That was like the last thing before I got on the like lift to the airport.
  I picked up my bag and I was like, God, I can't believe my last ride was  fast and furious supercharged.
  This is so.
  But the vision by now you can get on the plane and imagine like  what if Vin Diesel was hanging off at the bottom of this sucker?  Oh, man, what if Dom?  What if Dom was sitting next to you?  I wish Delta played turned down for what?  As I got on to got onto the flight.
  Yeah, that would have been 2019.
  So let's let's talk about this show, which here so just the primer  for anybody who doesn't know it, let me say because I didn't know the version  that you did, Jane, but I grew up with it in Universal Hollywood.
  So my synopsis would have been it was a show that is hosted by  Beetlejuice of the film Beetlejuice and where Universal classic monsters  get involved in a big old rock and roll review.
  And that's about it.
  That pretty much said like, oh, they're all like variations of that.
  But as time went on, there was some like adding of original IP  of which you were part.
  But this this began like around was it an opening day at Universal Florida?  Or they added in 92?  I think it was.
  Correct me if I'm wrong, someone.
  But I'm pretty sure it was it was it was a one or two years.
  You told me what the opening day was.
  There was a short lived, an American tale five.
  Duh.
 That was first at the at the stage in Florida.
  So the venue was there, I think, at opening.
  But it wasn't that show.
 Yeah, you're right.
  There was Fievel Goes West.
 Is that right?  Yeah, it would have been.
  There was a Fievel Goes West thing, I think.
  I think was the first Fievel.
  And then Fievel Goes West is what the play area is more.
  Oh, OK, OK, OK.
  So so that was a pretty quickly like it seemed like a pretty quickly  thrown together like Fievel stage show.
  And it kind of doesn't make sense because it was just an amphitheater  by in between New York streets and San Francisco streets.
  So like, oh, I don't quite.
  I mean, oh, I guess the mice land in New York.
  I guess that makes sense.
  Kind of kind, kind of kind of.
  Many Ellis Island area.
  But what what could make more sense for Universal Studios  than deploying the classic monsters and the show that I recall  from 90s Universal Hollywood?  You know, it's the classic lineup.
  It's Frankenstein.
 It's Dracula.
 It's Bride of Frankenstein.
  And then the phantom of the opera, which was kind of the biggest  swing in the original one, because he has sort of like a  kind of a new wave vibe with his with his not jet black, his jet white hair.
  How do you how do you describe white hair?  Not yet.
 That wouldn't be part of it.
  But I just love his look a lot.
  He is he's the most like kooky way.
  He's like he looks like he's out of the Jetsons movie or something.
  I saw the Phantom.
  I watched a video from 1992 and I think it was the one in Florida.
  And he looks very much like Jordan Klepper to me.
  Oh, he's got the big he is like a he's got the big hair and he's got  like a pink outfit.
  So the phantom would probably know a ton about politics.
  If you got him going, he could explain to us everything  that's going on in this crazy country.
  92 Phantom.
 Yes, 92 Phantom would be an expert in 2020 politics.
  Exactly.
  I I'm trying to remember my feelings about this.
  I remember liking the show.
  And it's the it's the degree of scary  and rock music that is pushing the.
  What I'm saying is when you're seven or eight,  it does feel scary because they are monsters.
  And it does feel like rock music because you're unwilling  to push the boundaries of hard rock music when you're eight.
  So I viewed this as an extremely adult attraction when I was eight.
  Can I back you up with that?  Because as an adult learning the show, when we put on our costumes  for the first time for like tech runs at night,  I was scared of all the Frankenstein.
  Hey, all right.
  Because because they have these shoes that are like,  like just so big.
  And oh, my God, I was scared.
  Like I was a little scared of them because they were so tall.
  Yeah, very tall.
  I get it, Scott.
  Hey, all right.
 As a kid, I will say like when if Beatlejuice  when it comes to the audience, he does a lot of crowd work,  especially early on in the show.
  That always would freak me out, even if it was just like  we were seeing some sort of like dinner theater show  and like the host would come out in the audience.
  I would get scared of the host even if he had no monster.
  It is so unnerving.
  Yeah, I just don't mention me.
  Don't talk to me.
  I think that's where my anxiety started as a person was  audience participation in theme park when I was a child,  because I remember that happening a couple of times  because I was so little, like they'd come over  and I just would be like, I hate this, like get away from me.
  And to this day, I don't like interactive theater.
  I'd rather either be in the audience or on the stage.
  Like in between makes me like sweat buckets like.
  That's a good point.
  Neither here nor there.
  I need to like, I need to know going in.
  It's like you have you're part of this  and you're like you're performing essentially.
  Or I just I usually like nine times out of 10.
  I just want to sit there and observe.
  Yeah, I'd agree.
  Also, the logic of this is a little confusing  because Beetlejuice comes out, does a like eight minutes of crowdwork  and then goes backstage.
  He's like, you got to say my name.
  You got to say my name so I can come out.
  And it's like, wait a minute.
  You're just out here like yucking it up.
  Now you need to be summoned.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Why is that?  Is it your disbelief, you know?  Or is it to turn on his his rocking abilities?  Like you're just getting like warm up Beetlejuice and then.
  But he can't rock to say his name thrice.
  OK, yeah, it's probably about right.
  It has a lot to do with rocking, probably.
  It's probably in the book.
  It's probably in the book from the movie.
  There's probably a chapter on the rules of rock  for the recently deceased.
  What a rockin show the the I I watched.
  This is in, I think, the defunct land about the show, but it's also in the.
  I love any time we can discuss the  John Forsythe hosted Universal Souvenir video that is on YouTube and is a delight.
  John Forsythe of Charlie's Angels fame, who has this  just does all this very stiff narration of each universal attraction.
  And his quotes about this one are tremendous.
  He calls it a rock and roll review of Monster Mashers.
  They're dead.
 We're grateful.
  He says so wistfully, he says, like more lovingly  than I've said, like it's like sweeter than anything I've said to this baby yet.
  It's so like just they're dead and great.
  Thank you.
 We salute you.
  I know I'm making a joke about a band name, but also Beetlejuice.
  I salute you, sir.
  That's like also like it sounds like he's on a like on a porch in a rocking chair,  like we're just like kind of staring off into the distance with like a little twinkle in his eye.
  Just having memories about things he's seen is like, yeah, he's dying.
  And the thing he remembers the most about being on this earth was watching  watching Frankenstein rock.
  Yeah, really lovely.
  Look, he looks old as hell in these videos, which I remember I would add  like a gift shop.
  My I would always want them, but they're like, no, this is forty dollars.
  Strangely overprice.
  Yeah.
 Little do they know, just be strewn on YouTube for anybody to watch and make fun of.
  And it is funny that like I think I have the same thing, just like I'm not even willing to ask my mom.
  This isn't worth the favor.
  And then like what you and I were coveting so much, Jason, was a video where an old man  thanks monsters.
  And the other thing is, if you go to a travel agency at the time and ask for information,  they would either hand you that or just tell you to write away to this address  and Disney will send you of the almost identical video every year.
  But not with Charlie, not with relevant to us as children.
  The voice of Charlie.
  Yeah, you wanted that specific old man.
  He's a really dynamic old man.
  You wanted an old man who looked like the portrait of Dorian Gray,  who is not represented in this show.
  The painting that ages well, the man stays the same.
  I'm sure we could jump all around and talk about various monsters who appeared in the thing.
  And as it started, it was kind of these initial like it's it's the classics.
  But Jane, that is not what you played in the show.
  You were a later addition, an original IP to this world.
  Can you tell us what you were?  Yes, I have some props here, which I know the audience can't see.
  Oh, great.
  I was able to like sneak off with some stuff.
  So I have my mask.
  Oh, a mask.
 There's a clue.
  There's my mask.
  Whoa, it's studded and sparkles.
  Just stuck on the inside, too, from the Florida sweat heat makeup melt.
  Yeah, no, I love having this.
 And then I.
  I also have the collar that I had to wear.
  Oh, neck broach thing.
  I needed this thing because you were like belting and they were like  putting this thing around your neck.
  So you were like, but no, it's good.
  It's fun.
 I got to keep.
  Well, it's the smallest thing I could walk away with because like the top.
  Can I talk about my costume since we're kind of on that?  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Wait, wait, wait and say the name of the character.
  I didn't say what I was.
 Oh, I'm so sorry.
  I'm so sorry.
  Yeah, so my character's name was Fantasia, the Phantom of the Opera's daughter.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so it was cool.
  Yeah, she was cool.
  It was fun because she's kind of more like like she wore pants,  but the rest of the girls like were skirts.
  I felt like she was more of this like tomboy rocker chick vibe.
  And that was like way fun because that's more my vibe anyway.
  So like it was just cool.
  And she has like her own DJ booth and like.
  It was so well, I don't know, I don't want to get ahead of myself  because I don't know what to talk about.
  Well, she's like the in it becoming a little less rock oriented.
  I think you lose the the the non played live instruments on stage.
  You use you lose the fake guitar and it becomes more of a dance oriented show.
  And you really Fantasia is the leader of this doing the mashups from the title.
  Like you have to have to pull hits from the 80s and combine them with the hits of today.
  Mm hmm.
 You know, that's true.
  Yeah, she there's there's a line where I say to Cleo who comes out  who's the other character in the show that was a new IP.
  And it was I got you, girl, I'll spin this.
  So, yeah, she was up there spinning away those mashup tunes.
  Delightful.
 And you get it.
  You get a narration, you get introduced, you get like a cue  and a a giant contraption rotates you onto stage, which that was pretty cool.
  Yeah, it was like for the first version of the show, it rotated.
  And the Phantoms like Wurgen was there.
  And then for a while, it was just a chair and the characters,  the characters, hip and hop would be leading on it to two perplexing characters.
  Oh, yeah.
 This was in everything we're describing as a version four.
  But version three started the drift to hip hop with the characters, hip and hop,  who seemed to be they were front and center in Beetlejuice's performance of Hey,  Yaw.
 Jane, I'll set you up for this.
  Will you talk about your connection to another version of this show?  Yes.
 Hip and hop.
  So I always kick myself for making the choice I made on this one rainy Orlando day.
  So they had auditions come through a lot for Universal Japan and whatnot.
  And they have them everywhere.
  But Orlando, they would always come through Orlando for stuff like that.
  And I went to the open call for Universal Japan for Beetlejuice.
  And they kept me at the time for hip and hop.
  And I was like, this is really cool.
  And I wasn't doing the show yet.
  I don't think in Orlando.
 I think this was before.
  And I kept making the rounds, I kept making the rounds, I kept making the rounds.
  And I was like, oh, my God, I'm the only girl that they're keeping right now  for hip and hop.
 Like, this is crazy cool.
  But before the final dance callback,  I had another callback at Orlando Repertory Theater,  which was one of the professional theaters in Orlando for Fiona and Shrek, the musical.
  And I was like, if I don't go to this, they're going to be really pissed that I didn't show up  because that's rude.
  So I was like, do I leave this one where I'm killing it?  I was like, OK, here's what I'll do.
 I'll talk to them about it.
  So then I was like, hey, man, like, I have another audition.
  Can we work this out?  They were like, come back tomorrow for the dancer call.
  And you can do that callback.
  I ended up just kicking, just really shooting myself in the foot  because I was so caught up with the Beatles you saw auditioned at the Shrek one.
  I just flopped so hard and was like just I was not mentally there.
  And then I went back to the dance call callback the next day.
  And it was for like dancer dancers.
  And I was there for like singer mover.
  So I looked like shit and like couldn't keep up because it was for like hardcore dancers.
  So I didn't get either job.
  And I just was like, man, I was so close to being hip and hop.
  Like, but, you know, my life worked out very well and I'm happy.
  But like at the same time, I'm like, man, what if I had booked hip and hop?  Man, those cool costumes and wigs.
  In hindsight, would you rather been hip and hop or Fiona?  Oh, hip and hop for sure.
 OK.
  Yeah, because I ended up saying, well, I can't say.
  OK, all right.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  But there was some secrets.
  There was a possibility of a Japan being like I what is your job?  I am hip and I live in Japan.
  Yeah.
 Darling, we could have met so many years earlier when you were hip or hop  and I was Austin Powers in school.
  That was Singapore.
 Oh, it's Singapore.
  Well, I guess, you know, I would have I would have been over there.
  And like, I've got a long weekend off coming up in Japan still as John.
  So what is the quickest way to get Singapore to Japan?  Does my discounts work to where they they?  Mm hmm.
 I think that would have for sure happened.
  Had you definitely for sure taken my advice and applied to be Austin Powers in Singapore.
  I know still I was so hopefully still possible one day.
  Oh, yeah.
 We'll see.
  If we started having to record this, it like the virus is over.
  We're doing this.
 We're still doing it via Zoom because Jason lives in Singapore now.
  He's doing it late at night.
  We're doing it first thing in the morning.
  He's still wearing his crushed velvet suit when he gets home.
  Hey, didn't have time to change.
  Let's just get right in.
 I'm ready to go.
  He puts the Swedish made penis and larger pump on the counter as he gets home,  like smashes it down.
 It's like, all right, let's record on day.
  We're talking about some other we're talking about King Arthur's carousel.
  And he's like, you know, I just think this is one of the most shagadelic attractions.
  Like, it's you know what he's saying anymore.
  God damn it.
  Hey, it's possible.
  The some facts that I wrote down about Fantasia from her introduction,  Beelgeuse says that she's a real daddy's girl and she's a phantom who needs no opera.
  That's all fun.
  And now that's all good.
  But I can't believe that.
  Let me just admit this, that I genuinely laughed out loud at Cleo's introduction,  during which Beelgeuse said Sphinx better have my money.
  I actually laughed at that.
  I forget if that was improv or not, because the Beatle, the Beatlejai,  the Beatlejai had improv room.
  They had room for that.
  I feel like that was actually in the script, though,  because it was timed with the way the pyro and the music would hit.
  But yeah, that's pretty dicey for them to put.
  Well, it's not a bad word, but it's if you if you fill it in  mentally, well, thanks for having my money.
  Yeah, it's a he's a little blue in the land in that video.
  He got like he got blue, right?  For like as years went on, because in the 92 version, he's pretty  he's a lot less aggressive.
  He's more like kind of like I'm this guy.
  And then by 2006, he's like, yeah, I just took a huge shit like that.
  That's like he's there's a joke there, too.
  He's like, oh, I don't I forget what he says.
  Like I just he's talking about corn and his creature,  the creature of the Black Lagoon I just made in the toilet.
  I had to drop my creature off at the Black Lagoon.
  There you go.
 That's a better joke.
  One.
 And then he's like, talk about man scaping.
 Yeah.
  He's talking about man scaping.
  He's like, I think he's talking to the wolf man at that point.
  Wow.
 So was he a podcaster from three years ago?  Hopefully those were ubiquitous.
  The you bring up the off color nature of the show.
  There are versions of this that I think were technically PG 13,  because it is a little more adult.
  And this is the official description from touring plans  from Lynn Testis touring plans.
  In response to concerns from parents,  Beetlejuice's body banter has been toned down  since the show's original incarnation.
  But he still does some off color improv for the audio.
  Officially designated B for body.
  Well, it's like I like Len.
  Len was probably just as offended as I would be by going to some sort of body  show, and he wanted to make sure that the people knew that Beetlejuice  was going to be talking about taking a shit.
  Oh, yeah.
 I personally got told something that was too body about my show.
  If I could share that, I don't know if this is allowed.
  I think Jason knows where I'm going with this.
 I don't.
  OK, no.
 OK, so the cost.
  Oh, OK, so I was going to talk about the costume.
  I guess I'll get back to that.
 So the costume for Fantasia was  like a bustier that was hella padded.
  And then like.
  I mean, that's what I want to talk about for a second.
  It's like the bustier was hella padded.
  So like the first day of rehearsal, we had fittings.
  And I remember them going, she needs a bigger size and more padding.
  And I was like, Brr, Brr, Brr, Brr, Brr and felt bad about myself.
  But it's OK.
 So basically.
  We also learned how to like contour our.
  I don't know.
 I want to be appropriate to the good boys here.
  So I don't know what I would have to say.
  However you like to describe.
  Wait, no, we're getting crazy.
  We just had the debut of the word panties on the show.
  We could do whatever now.
 Let's get it.
  Crack.
 So my my boobies  looking crazy.
  And I guess a couple of audience members were like,  that her boobs are a little like we're uncomfortable.
  And the stage manager was like, hey,  we could you maybe not contour them so much because from audience,  it's it's playing like really not appropriate.
  And I was like, OK.
  But like also the padding was like four inches thick.
  And like also I was wearing like a Victoria's Secret push up bra.
  Like it was meant to be like that.
  Like so it was just kind of like, yeah, it was a very  parents like somebody.
  Comparents like went and found a worker.
  Like apparently they put effort.
  They put they put effort into that.
  Yeah.
 And I wasn't the only girl who had that problem.
  The full time girl.
  Was well endowed and the costume made it look more crazy.
  And so like I remember I felt so bad for her because people online  were like, oh, look at that boob lady.
  And it's like, come on, guys, like that's that's I felt so bad.
  Because like, what is she supposed to do about it?  And this is the same, you know, property that produce Bill Intents.
  Like, oh, OK, Bill Intents hate crime adventure.
  Yeah, I mean, that's that's I mean, I am sure being in these shows,  especially being a woman, like you run into like every from every angle.
  You try being a Hogwarts student wearing a skirt  and having creepy old dads take pictures with you and people  like touching you and meet and greets where you're like, get off of me, sir.
  Like, like it has to like, I can only imagine like you're hearing  like this is too extreme.
  This isn't good enough.
  You're not good enough.
  It's good.
 Then like people, weirdos in the park, like you're just like,  you do like 10 battles, you're probably fighting at once often, I'm assuming.
  That's my assumption.
  Yeah, definitely.
  And also just like in the entertainment community,  there's typically more women than men competing.
  So like also at the same time, they're very quick to be like, you're replaceable.
  You know what I mean?  Like, I guess everybody is in theme park.
  But like you definitely do feel like if there's a younger girl  or a girl who just did a show that like got a lot of notoriety,  she could take my job.
  Like, so, yeah, it was it was.
  I mean, that's a very small part of this.
  I don't want you to think I didn't enjoy my experience,  but yeah, it definitely is a part of it.
  But it's yeah, I mean, it sounds like to what we've heard, like people have,  sorry, a lot of different jobs as well.
  So like it feels like your stability ends up like you're like, well,  I'm doing three shows at once just because that's sort of the nature of this.
  And people get shuffled in and out and it feels not permanent from.
  Oh, for sure.
  Yeah.
 Theme park work.
  I mean, a lot of entertainment work is not permanent.
  And I think that can be, you know, a lot of people can relate to that.
  However, with theme park jobs every year, we would have to almost  like re audition kind of thing.
  They were called like our contract auditions, I think.
  And each like February, you would have to go in, do like a song and a monologue,  depending on what your role was, just to kind of like keep in touch  and freshen up and stuff.
  And then at that time, they'd also go like, we want to cross train you here.
  Let's have you read for this or like we think maybe and you know, whatever.
  And after that, the talks would be who's going to have the four day contract,  who's going to have the three day contract, who are going to be the top three  under that and who's going to go in the pool.
  So every year you could change.
  And like also someone could get a contract on it.
  So this actually relates back to my Beetlejuice audition.
  I was the second cast to learn the new show.
  So I wasn't the opening cast of the version that I did,  but I was in rehearsals as they were opening.
  So they had this replacement audition because the girl who originally got cast  as Fantasia for the next round of people learning it, she booked a cruise,  I think cruise ship job.
  So they had a last minute like, oh, shit, we need to fill this.
  So I randomly got pulled in because I was internal and I just auditioned  from my contract audition.
  And so it was like me and a handful of other girls that already worked  in the park that I knew.
  And they had us just like head to head doing like choreo and like  singing and harmonies and who looks right with this person  and who sounds right with this person.
  And I booked it that way.
  So if that girl hadn't gotten the cruise contract,  I may not have never learned it.
  And also the funny thing was every time I would audition for that show,  I guess it was twice, I was called for Cleo.
  I was never called for fan.
  So when they they gave me Fantasia, I was like, cool.
  But like I only ever sang for Cleo, like I think because I'm short.
  So it was pretty wild when they but it's because the girl  like a vacancy kind of opened up for Fantasia.
  So.
 Yeah, it's pretty wild.
  It seems like there's just the other.
  Yeah, like there's just like 50 different things that they throw, like any  you get jobs thrown to you at last second.
  I mean, this happens in the entertainment industry, but it seems like there's  so many more considerations for specifically theme park entertainment work.
  Like there's just so many variables, so many options.
  Yes.
 You've got to be prepared for anything.
  There's nepotism.
  Sure.
 There's, you know, seniority, for example, the the  Beetlejuice in the link that I think Jason sent you that I was in.
  He had been a Beetlejuice for decades, so some of them,  they kept around for each version, but some were not.
  Some people would get cut between versions and they were really hurt  because it's like, you know, that it could feel really personal.
  But it's like maybe it's just like they changed the song that Dracula sings.
  And now it's not your register.
  It doesn't sound right in your voice.
  Or we're changing the look of bride.
  And, you know, unfortunately, like you don't fit it anymore.
  You never know.
 Like you literally never know.
  So it was always kind of scary.
  And that's why I kind of put my, you know, like I want to be at this stage,  this stage, this stage, this stage, because you never know which one's going to go  under or you never know how long you'll fit that type or like, you know, it's crazy.
  It's interesting to like, well, you had told weren't you at one point like,  yeah, I worked at Universal these days and then I'd be at SeaWorld these days.
  Or was it SeaWorld and Lego?  Like when you lived in Orlando, you did the full grounds.
  Yes.
 So even I would do two venues in a day at the same park.
  I remember one day I did a couple of shows with Frog Choir and then hopped over  to Beetlejuice because they needed coverage.
  So that was always fun to kind of just like hop around.
  But yeah, I did some seasonal work with SeaWorld.
  Please don't cancel me.
  It was it was third party entertainment.
  So I didn't actually work for SeaWorld.
  I worked for a third party company.
  But they they did like Christmas and Halloween time stuff for kids and families.
  So that was a really fun, easy job.
  I got to be like a pretty princess and like just stand there basically and get paid  for a lot of it or like for Christmas.
  I was a Polar Express elf, which sounds like funny and lame,  but honestly, it was so magical.
  It was so magical.
  And then I did Legoland.
  I never worked at Disney.
  I auditioned at Disney a lot and I got fit for some stuff.
  And it was close to getting some stuff.
  Oh, and Nick Hotel.
  I auditioned for Nick Hotel, booked a show, and then the show fell under.
  And then the hotel went under.
  So I almost worked at Nick Hotel.
  Wow.
 What was the role?  It was going to be like a pop style show.
  And the audition song was It's Always a Good Time.
  Wow.
 Yeah, that's right.
  I know y'all love that one.
 Owl City.
  Right.
 Yeah, baby.
 Yeah.
  That's going to be like a Disney Channel rock style show, but for Nick Hotel.
  And then I booked it.
  And then they said, J.
K.
, it's not happening.
  We don't have money.
 And then it was like, hmm.
  Wow.
 Now, but you but it all worked out because you did.
  While you didn't get to do good time, you did get to both whip and Nae Nae.
  Oh, I have it in my notes, too, Scott.
  I feel I I asked you because you you said,  like, I knew the show got as the different versions go on,  they add more and more like topical stuff like the one around ninety nine, two  thousand.
 They had live in La Vida Loca in that one.
  And if you went to Orlando in nineteen ninety nine, two thousand,  you could not escape Ricky Martin's live in La Vida Loca.
  It was playing in all the parks.
  It was playing everywhere.
  And when you said when we said we were going to do this, I was like,  well, what was the topical thing in your show?  Did you guys do the Harlem Shake? And you know, we did the whip and the Nae Nae.
  We also did the Harlem Shake.
  It changed every few months.
 Oh, OK.
  So we did we did Harlem Shake, I think we did all about that base,  which was like, OK, we did whip and Nae Nae.
  We did.
 Oh, there was one more.
  I almost want to say Gondam style, but I don't remember if that was it.
  Holy grail.
 But they would change, like, right.
  Some days I'd go in.
  And if I happen to be there on the day where they're changing,  it was always kind of exciting because they'd be like, hey, guys,  we're going to update the the possession song.
  Like when he takes over and we all like, what is it?  And they'd be like, we're doing whip and Nae Nae.
  We'd be like, yeah.
  And then we'd go out and rehearse it because it would be like a new time thing.
  So there was one day I got to be there for a change and I felt like really cool.
  Wow.
 I was really late.
  I will be the first cast to whip and Nae Nae.
  It's so dumb, but that's how they make you feel it.
  Like, it's so competitive there because it's like that's the gig is like you work in the park.
  So when you get little things like that, even though it means nothing,  you feel like, well, did you do that yet?  Oh, well, I was there the first.
 It's so catty.
  It's so dumb.
  Huge pop from the crowd when Frankenstein starts to whip and Nae Nae.
  Oh, yeah.
 Very funny.
  Yeah, it's pretty funny.
  Well, was it was the video?  It was your video, right?  Where it's a psych.
  They say psych because they're playing for the start of Thriller.
  And then they go psych and then whip and Nae Nae starts.
  And it's a great misdirect.
  And then, oh, yeah.
  Could you imagine them having the rights to that song with all the pyro money  they put into that show plus rights to that song?  They would go bankrupt.
  I'm I'm confused.
  We should really look into this, like what the what the theme park music  rights situation is, because we've seen  like Charlie Brown and not scary farm do a parody of Thriller called Spooky Night.
  But is that do they have to pay or is it a parody?  So they don't have to pay.
  It's covered.
 No parodies covered.
  Is that why they were allowed to do it?  Because they make it the very cutting parody Spooky Night  because it's a spooky, spooky night.
  Also, like, is anyone actually tracking notses like approval of things?  It's a pretty big park.
  I mean, you think they would like have a lawyer.
  Oh, yeah, you got we got to go.
  Well, the world shut down.
  Twenty twenty three will go.
 Great.
  Do you do you think  Carlos Santana or Rob Thomas was in the audience  and then Frankenstein starts playing smooth?  It's just like, what the fuck?  I didn't clear this.
 What the hell?  Yes, I think that's very likely.
  Yeah, you just started that famous solo up.
  So, yeah, I am.
  I guess they probably have to get the rights.
  But is it because that thriller piece is so like short  because they're playing the intro, they didn't have to pay for it?  And there might be like one thing off in there,  like it might have a slightly different like instrument added.
  So technically you could say it's not the same.
  I don't know.
 I actually don't know.
  Yeah, because those those Star Wars, the hyperspace hoopla  would have tons of new pop songs.
  And like, oh, sorry.
  No, no, I was just going to say, I like in that, like,  that's a very visible show.
  Yeah, I feel like because Disney has its own like,  I mean, Universal has its own like record label, too.
  But Disney music, I think, encompasses a lot of different things  because of how big it is as a corporation.
  So I wonder if some of the stuff got in that way for Disney.
  I'm not sure.
 I have friends that did the hoopla, though.
  I just.
 Oh, wow.
 Really?  Did you ever think about trying to do the hoopla?  I think I was too young.
  OK, that was going on.
  I am but a child.
  I'm just kidding.
  Um, I was born in the 90s, though.
  I will say that.
  That reflects.
  You were getting out.
 You were getting out easy.
  You were getting out easy.
  So far, I have gotten out pretty easy.
  Yeah, we still got some time.
  I mean, we still got time.
  I guess we didn't really talk about how we met.
  I don't know how much you want to share at middle school.
  You met at her middle school.
  Well, OK, I was walking by a candy shop and there was this man.
  No.
 Well, we we met on a dating app, but we had mutual friends.
  And we were we were walking the same way to our first date,  like crossing a street at the same way.
  And like, I kind of thought it was him, but it was like awkward.
  And I was just like, Jason.
  And he like turned and he was like, hi.
  And I just was like, hi.
  But, you know, obviously, it sounds like a me.
  Cute to me.
  It was cute.
  Yeah, it was.
  And you had kind of alluded to working in the theme park sphere.
  And I had kind of alluded to  doing something being obsessed with the theme park sphere.
  Yeah.
 So I think too much time thinking about the theme park here.
  Did you bring did you bring up on the first day, like Jim Hill and Lantesta  or season pass?  That's an effort.
  We just brought up childhood traumas.
  We just yeah, that's fine.
  That's a little more relatable.
  I would say, yeah, save Jim and Len for date two.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Seal the deal.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Is would you say because you obviously like you were living  the theme park life, but Jason was no Jason.
  Look, the three of us are outsiders.
  We didn't.
  I mean, Scott obviously worked at Universal, but we're not like  we weren't like completely immersed in this for years.
  Like not anymore.
  Jay's trying to get back in.
  I'm working every day.
  Well, you need to be more flexible.
  You needed to be more flexible.
  You needed to be able to sub into a Beetlejuice show or a Spider-Man Rocks.
  That's true.
 I never offer.
  I never like made it put it on the table that I could host Fear Factor Live.
  Right.
 Or the animal actor show or something like  you get a call tomorrow this morning like this morning.
  Scott, we need you at the animal actor show.
  All right, I'll be there.
  And then like everyone say hello to Henry.
  And then a Falcon flies at my face and I go, oh,  one time I got to go meet all those animals, by the way,  and like go backstage and see them all.
  And it was like the best day of my life because they have some  that they don't use in the show.
  And they were so cute.
  I mean, that sounds very fun to see the animals.
  It was.
 Do you think the host of like the animal actors ever,  maybe he was playing Beetlejuice, maybe like the day before in the morning  he came out and he was like, I just took a shit.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
 I mean, the animals here are all trained  and they've been in the movies.
  And this is a hawk that can catch  this can catch a piece of food in its talons.
  That's so funny.
  Well, I will say, like for like Frog Choir, you have to have like the accent.
  Sorry to ruin everybody's illusion that I'm not actually English.
  But and I if I was doing that enough, sometimes it would like slip in  a little because you just get used to like for meet and greets,  you have to stay in character and you talk a lot.
  It's OK, sweetie.
  J.
K.
 Rowling ruined everyone's illusion that she's not a fucking scumbag.
  Yeah, that's right.
  At least my job with that ended before that shit show.
  Hey, that's true.
  You're not being photographed in the wardrobe of this  tainted franchise.
  That's good news.
  This is the biggest moneymaker for Universal ever.
  My God, it's now like its creator won't shut up.
  Yeah, Disney had like a entire like land themed to the Cosby show.
  Huck's Huck's double.
  No, cause be raised.
  Oh, God, if if people do five minutes of the psychos  who create comic books, they do five minutes of research.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Don't put that in anyone's head.
  Those like maniacs and oh, yeah.
  So what was like her word was in my train of thought and all around.
  I'm completely lost.
  You were asking about if somebody went from one show to the other.
  We were talking about.
 Oh, yeah.
  Hi, we were talking about hoopla.
  Oh, that's what I was going with it.
  I was going to say like Jason's level of fandom,  which is probably similar to our level of fandom, like when you heard  like the information where he would say like, oh, I looked at this blog  and the blog tells me about a new churro flavor.
  Was that your type of fandom as well?  Or were you more like just like, hey, this is just my job, buddy.
  So I have to say, I also grew up being a theme park nerd.
  So when we moved away from Florida when I was 10, every year  I would order the vacation DVD and watch it like religiously.
  So I was a little freak, too.
  OK, definitely.
  Um, just another just another nasty little freak.
  The rest was just another free.
  It doesn't know this.
  This fandom surprisingly easy to break into.
  But but also at the time, like it did also feel like, oh, it's just my job.
  Like when I got when I first my first show, I learned Universal was Frog  Choir as the like conductor in Florida.
  And I remember like when I booked it, everyone was like, oh, my God,  are you so happy to read all the books?  And I still to this day, I haven't read all the books.
  Like I was like, no, like it's a job.
  Like I was I was excited.
 It was really fucking cool.
  But like I wasn't really my thing is a cool job.
  So so you weren't like, I guess, yeah, you were just like, oh, yeah, I'm I'm  I also have an affection for these old VHS free VHS tapes and like, let's watch.
  I clicked pretty fast about stuff like that.
  Yeah, which was nice, because I had never.
  So I remember one of our like first times hanging out, too.
  I was like, do you want to watch like this theme park video  of like history of this thing?  And I was like, I've never watched these with anyone but myself.
  And I think Jason was like, yeah, I don't think I have either.
  And I was like, this is nice.
  Like it was cute.
 Like, like, oh, we're both kind of nerds.
  And like my friends were I told my friends about that.
  They're like, you guys are fucking nerds.
  I was like, I know.
 I love it.
  Hey, that's great.
 It's to get Lindsey, I think.
  And I think she would say that, like,  she was kind of like a lobster in a pot of water with the theme park stuff.
  Because when we started dating,  when we started dating, we both really loved Disneyland.
  It would go a lot.
  And then I really started turning up the heat on like blogs and WDW  magic forums and podcasts.
  And hey, listen to this thing that that that they said on the Diz.
  Like that would be so all of a sudden years in, she was like, OK, I  I don't need every rumor that you've read on the message.
  Dial it to 60 percent or so.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  We definitely have taken turns.
  Like if we were hanging out, like one of us would be like,  oh, did you see this thing?  And then the other I feel like we're 50 50.
  I'm like, no, not now.
  No theme park right now, please.
  That's for sure.
 Yeah.
  If I if I was having like any kind of issue or drama with like  the more work side of my work, I would be like,  I just can't think about theme parks and we do anything else like.
 Yeah.
  OK, let's go.
  Let's go back to Beetlejuice.
  Yeah, because I have a question.
  It is so off track.
  No, no, no.
  Is what happens.
  But I but we can't let this pass without me asking a question about  from the video that  your last performance.
  And maybe you don't have the answer.
  Beeljuice makes you know, there's there's topical jokes throughout.
  He does one of our favorite thing like the Aladdin Genie.
  But there's one that's baffling to me, which is at some point  he looks at someone in the audience and he says, Hey, Lamar Odom, time to get up.
  I caught that too.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I I think I know what that joke is.
  What is it? I think so as well.
  Well, he was in like a drug induced coma after spending time at a brothel.
  Am I wrong? Oh, I think that is the reference.
  Yeah, like that seems to be what that joke is.
  And a hospital.
  Oh, oh, geez.
  That's pretty dark.
  But I sounds right.
 Unfortunately.
  Yeah, look, I know what that was.
  He was with Chloe Kardashian at the time.
  Mm hmm.
 OK.
  And it was a whole thing.
  It was a whole no, no.
  I think he had to see he was splitting.
  They were on and off again.
  And then he he was in the hospital with a coma, which that is a  that's a pretty crazy joke to make at a theme park.
  I feel like because it is associated with Kardashians, it's like, guys,  Kardashians is safe space, like everybody fucking hates them.
  Just dish on them all day.
  Like, I feel like anything Kardashian related is always like, ha ha.
  They're going to fucking love that.
  It's like, all right.
  I yeah.
  In the in the previous version that ran in the early till 2000s to 2014,  there is like rapid fire Paris Hilton jokes.
  But then in a version I watched, he makes a very quick reference  to the mayor of Toronto, which I believe is the reference to the  now deceased Rob Ford, the former maniac mayor of Toronto.
  Wow.
 Yes.
  I mean, that I will say, though, the Lamar, that joke seems crazier to me.
  I don't know what the time frame.
  Maybe he was out of the coma at this point.
  But that is I can't imagine the genie making a joke about that  during the Aladdin show like, oh, you're taking a nap.
  Are you Lamar Odom? Like a grittier.
  That that made that made me think of something to bring to the table,  which is, yeah, there's Paris Hilton stuff.
  I saw a really old one that is, you know, we're going to have some monsters here.
  You know, you call them the Jerry Springer show rejects.
  So that kind of thing.
  And that's a good slot, right, is calling somebody a monster.
  I think there's one with Kim and Kanye at some point in time.
  And I was like, if this thing was still going in 2020,  is there a safe  celebrity to put in that slot that where everyone would laugh  and where it's not problematic in some way?  Yes.
 Any of the 20 executive branch members  who got covid from their own hubris?  Well, that's what we think.
 But well, that's yeah.
  But that doesn't play.
 Yeah.
  They're going to play in Florida.
 They're not going to do that.
 All right.
  I mean, I agree.
 They're open to be mocked.
  But yeah, I don't think they're even doing like a Trump hair joke.
  I think I think in I think theme park world is so skittish  that they would not even make fun of his orange complexion.
  Well, I mean, in the version  that I was in, he does make a Mary Kate and Ashley joke.
  Oh, because he has the little shrunken head thingies  and there's like very bony and skinny.
  And I think that's the joke.
  And I think it's still kind of mean, but  also kind of like I think they've been out of the spotlight enough.
  But it's not really 2020.
  I'm trying to think.
 I don't know if there is.
  Well, like, I mean, if you're a question, I don't think relevant celebrity probably.
  But like up until, you know, whenever the Aladdin show went away,  which is a couple of years already, Jeannie, up until the very end  was making a Dr.
 Phil joke and snow.
  And I feel like I feel like, yeah, I feel like that type of thing.
  Yeah.
 That's a couple of years past its prime.
  There has been consistent Dr.
 Phil's just on the air.
  You know who he is.
  He doesn't have any controversy, but you know, he sounds like this.
  So you can say like it has to be that safe.
  Yeah, I feel like Carrot Top is like a good, but that's not really distinct.
  But I feel like it's not good.
  Not a bad.
 Yeah, I know what you mean.
  It's got to be kind of culturally like everyone needs to know.
  We all agree we hate the Paul's.
  Everyone hates Logan and Jake Paul.
  But I don't think a theme park audience would necessarily know who they were.
  Right.
 It would be it would be like, I think also the reference probably,  especially right now, would probably have to be like,  Hey, Taylor Swift, I knew you were trouble when you walked in.
 Yes.
  That's funny.
  Like that would have to be the type of thing, I think, where it's just like,  that's just a reference.
  Sure.
 It's not insulting Taylor Swift.
  Maybe slightly the idea that she is overexposed.
  Maybe like people are tired of Taylor Swift.
  Maybe that is a fair theme park joke to make.
  Maybe I'm still not super confident.
 Right.
  I think.
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
  It's a good question.
  It goes to show you.
  Just go way back and like do 80s references.
  Like, I pity the fool.
  Like just just stupid shit.
  That's like, I got to watch it.
  I'm going to get fired like Rosie and bar.
  I could see that flying, to be honest with you.
  I could see that being a thing that actually sounds about right.
  It's a few years old.
  Everyone knew she got fired.
  And nobody cares anymore because our world's on fire.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  You got to have a little distance.
  Yeah.
 You got to have a little distance right now.
  I think it does sound like we're like railing against this.
  Do theme park cancel culture.
  We want the jokes back.
  Everybody we want to be able to say whatever we.
  Beetlejuice should have freedom of speech.
  He should be allowed to eviscerate the pop culture celebrities.
  Like sometimes try jokes out.
  And if we had one of our like managers, I guess, but like directors watching,  they'd be like, maybe not that one.
  Like, yeah, another cute thing to get us back into the show.
  I get a little bit more.
  The two people that were like the head of our training  were two of the original brides in the first show in Orlando  and the original bride in Orlando and Frankenstein are still married to this day.
  Well, wow.
 True love.
  Oh, they met through that.
  And then well, that here, that sets me up.
  The the the collision of this show and pop culture.
  I got to show you guys these photos  because there's there's a big celebrity presence in the history of this show.
  Why? Right there in the middle, we got Wayne Brady as Dracula,  who I imagine came up.
  We're doing this out of order, but I'm sure came up in the Ghostbusters episode.
  And and then the probably most famously one, Joey Fatone,  who was a very regular performer.
  I think I think spent some time as Wolfie the Wolfman,  but I at large some time as Dracula as well.
  I do have a story about Joey Fatone.
 Oh, great.
 Yes.
  So the closing party that we had was like after the final performance,  which was like after hours, kind of just for the cast and crew and some other people.
  And this, again, was like a week before I was about to leave.
  So it was just kind of like this final goodbye party.
  And a lot of the original cast or people  who had done the roles previously were there.
  And Joey Fatone and what's the other one that lives in Orlando?  What are the not not Lance or J.
C.
, but Chris Kirkpatrick.
  I think it was Chris Kirkpatrick.
  They were there.
  Well, he said the after party, but Joey Fatone was there.
  And I remember, yeah, he's just like he lives in Orlando.
  Like he he just lives in Orlando.
 Like it's very chill.
  I don't know if I can.
 But  no, I'm just saying like they're very normal, chill, like Orlando vibes.
  So he was just like chill.
  And I remember talking to him being like, hey, man, what's going on?  And to me like, oh, I'm moving to L.
A.
 next week.
  And he's like, I just left L.
A.
  And I was like, that's cool.
  And then we went to the after after party at like a bar.
  Yeah.
 And Chris Kirkpatrick shows up and we're all like doing shots and shit.
  I'm like, I'm drinking with two people from in sync.
  Like, what the fuck is going on right now?  Like, so, yeah, they were cool.
  And then Wayne Brady,  he's kind of still like around in that way.
  Like he still talks a lot of theme park people that he knows  are like mutual with the people I know.
 And  I remember in the training group that I did,  we didn't really have a lot of people of color in the show.
  So it was always very exciting when we did.
  And I remember in my training group,  we did have a person of color playing Dracula and he posted about it.
  And Wayne Brady was like, hell, yeah, keep it going, man.
  Like he was very supportive and like, am I going to get canceled  for saying that I was trying to make it nice? Oh, no, no.
  That's nice.
 OK.
  It seems like Wayne Brady was trying to be supportive.
  And yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Seemed like he was still invested in the invested in the community.
  You know, I am the Dracula.
  You know, you might you might get in trouble because Chris Kirkpatrick  has been lying low for a couple of decades now because he's still terrified.
  Eminem will kick his ass.
  That's now that's that's a good run, Jason.
  That's a good safe reference now.
  That is 20 years old.
 It's 20 years old.
  Yeah.
 Unfortunately, much of culture is now post Stan  in the generic term and Stan the maniacal fan who may kill you.
  Why have we embraced this term?  Why do people want to be like Stan?  I don't understand this.
  I term endearment now, I think, because like someone will be like,  oh, my God, you're like so cool.
  I totally stand.
 And it's like, are you are you 17? Probably.
  The my thing, my thing with Stan is that like it feel like it came way late  compared to the song.
  Oh, that's the whole thing is like it's a throwback kind of thing.
  Like like kids are not kids, but like teenagers discovering what that is.
  Maybe I think like maybe adults who actually knew the song started it.
  But then kids were like, what does that mean?  Oh, it's like a throwback.
 I'm cool now.
  Like, I didn't know that song.
  Jane, do you think like, do you know more youthful slang than Jason?  Or is he is he impressed you? OK.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  So honestly, now that I'm thinking about it, are you actually giving him  the youthful slang he often uses and he's sort of passing it off  as if he's young and hip? Yeah, there it is.
  I'm going to go ahead and say I have been the mastermind of this puppetry.
  Now, OK, the Palpatine to his Snoke  in the know it sincerely.
  But honey, I made you a promise.
  I will, like I said many times, I'm never going to learn who Dua Lipa is.
  I just it's just never going to be like, oh, my God, did you see that?  Like blah, blah, blah.
  Like I'll go off on stuff.
  And he's like, yes, something I definitely know.
  Dua Lipa and the baby's new remix.
  Yeah.
 Meanwhile, he writes down the baby  and he knows he's going to put it in his pocket for the next episode  to make our listeners think that he's just on the cutting edge of culture.
  Why, just this morning, we were talking about Blackpink's new album  called The Album and how he wanted to buy one of the sweatshirts  that's oversized and just says ice cream, which I support.
  Hell, yeah.
 There's a big hit single with Selena Gomez, a black pig  that says ice cream and they sing about ice cream.
  The kids still like ice cream.
  I guess we are cool.
  Oh, yeah.
 Hey, let me tell you about ice cream, kids.
  Definitely not a metaphor for something much dirtier, but yeah.
  Oh, it's just about the sweet treat.
  Um, they don't do that stuff in Korea.
  I got so they got so many minders on the K-pop stuff.
  Like they they filter all that good with the cream.
  If you know what I mean, ice cream, ice cream, ice cream is one of.
  Ah, it just sounds like, you know, an audience list to me.
  Yeah, sounds like Ben and Jerry's run.
  Take it.
 Yeah, take it at face value.
  This will really prove how at the opposite end of this spectrum I am.
  And in fact, I in that I pine for pop culture that is from before I was alive,  because I really lit up here.
  Let me just share the screen and throw this on.
  I was the most excited that this song  appeared in an iteration of the shows from 1999.
  All right.
 Let's party.
  Rocking with Beetlejuice.
  Rocking with Beetlejuice tonight.
  Rocking with Beetlejuice.
  Rocking with Beetlejuice tonight.
  That's like, can you can even any everyone on this zoom say what that song is?  I can't say the name.
  I know it, but I don't know the name of it.
  Not even this is this is a crossover of sticks into theme park world  that is rock in the paradise made into rocking with Beetlejuice.
  And what could be more rocking than that with just that rocking with Beetlejuice?  It reminded me so much of the Simpsons halftime show where they do  the Lou Reed Walk on the Wild Side.
  Do be do be do.
  I mean, good news for me.
  I mean, Sticks, if you know, I don't know if there's a lot of crossover  of our fans and Sticks fans, but Sticks is about as like  Sticks rocks about as hard as a band comprised of Frankenstein and Dracula.
  They sort of are Beetlejuice's Graveyard Review.
  So this makes a lot of sense to me.
  I did in high school, our halftime show at the football games was all Sticks songs.
  It was so like, wait, I played it in that  we did Mr.
 Roboto, we did.
  Oh, shoot, we did the big hits.
  Help me out.
 I haven't thought of a babe and too much time on my hands.
  Too much time on my hands.
  We did.
  You wouldn't have done heavy metal poisoning or any any other deep.
  No, no, no.
  We did too much.
  We'd said come sail away.
  Too much time on my hands.
  Mr.
 Roboto.
  What kind of band is this?  A marching band marching band.
  You did it.
 It was an entire marching band.
  Sticks said, yes, we had a new band leader come in my senior year  and he threw everything up in the air as far as like before that,  it was all John Philip Sousa.
  And then he was like this  like slightly younger in his early 50s man  who just decided to switch the whole thing up.
  And it was like we're playing Sticks at halftime.
  And then when we went to Disney World that year,  we played Paul Simon's late in the evening as we walked down Main Street,  not John Philip Sousa or some sort of march.
  Switching out of John Philip Sousa is like the, you know,  updating it to a baby reference today.
  Yes.
  Exactly equivalent.
  Well, and we were all I'd I have never really gotten into Sticks.
  I'm sure now maybe if I started to do a deep dive, I'll appreciate it more.
  But at the time, we were all just so confused.
  It's just the thing is, it's the there's no question  it's the best behind the music to me.
  Learning about the tour where they acted and made a short film and played robots.
  I mean, the best, the best.
  I would like I will just find that behind the music.
  I will do that.
 Glorious.
  Classic rock strewn throughout it, too, because then Dracula performs  a medley of just a regular cover of Hot Blooded,  but dovetailed with a  I guess a parody addicted to blood.
  As well face them addicted to blood.
  Yeah.
 And sometimes there's parodies and sometimes there's not.
  Yeah, even within that, that's like a parody followed by not a parody back to bed.
  So so it's interesting because Beale just comes out at the start of the show  and he's being very, very, very bawdy.
  But then they go into a very clean parody of Prince's Let's Go Crazy.
  Mm hmm.
 But it is a parody.
  I wrote down I wrote down a line.
  They don't make it.
 Let's go shitting.
 Right.
  Let's go shitting.
  Let's go get some corn.
  Let's drop corn.
 I see.
  I see.
 Oh, I was going to I was going to make a body joke.
  Looking for the purple banana and I'll put it in my butt.
  And that's the full body parody.
  Let's go.
 Yeah.
  The original one has the most like hooray for everything,  kind of like variety show vibes.
  But I was surprised how much like current ish music for the time  was in it for the early 90s.
  Let's go crazy.
  I was thinking Let's Go Crazy, though, was going to be a holdover from there  because it felt like such a clean with the line is like night is young.
  Got to take a bite.
  So hot.
 I feel a jolt.
 Got a party tonight,  which feels very like hooray for everything.
 Clean version.
  She's so hot.
 I feel a jolt.
  Do you know all the words from the parody, Jane?  I believe so.
 I can also do Cleo's rap, but I won't because.
  We well, I can.
  You could request it.
  Well, you your big song was Sweet Dreams.
  Yes.
 Sweet dreams are made of this, which later in the show,  you know, mashups very popular in the 2010s was mashed up with Smooth Criminal,  which I think it's really cool.
  They got an alien and farm song in there, you know,  and then there was also Ballroom Blitz.
  That's the one you choose from.
  You think they would have gone with the movies,  the alien and farm song about movies,  but they went with Smooth Criminal.
  Not as big of a hit movies.
  No, not as big of a hit.
  I kind of like movies, though.
 I'll be honest.
  I do, too.
 I know movies.
  But you don't know the alien and farm movies.
  They get dressed up like Ghostbusters.
  Yeah, there's a video where they're dressed up.
  I don't know it.
  I'm not going to go too hard because I haven't heard in a couple of years.
  And it's probably not as good as my memory says it is.
  You know, hold up.
 Maybe might not hold up.
  Can I go back to 2006 if we're going to talk about rap?  I think from what I found, my favorite rap performance in any of it,  they really they rung in 2006 the right way with this little number.
  The new solution.
  What is the is it a parody?  Is it a parody or is it just the song?  I think it's just the what?  The original lyrics, of course.
  Yeah, well, really, the one we know is a parody in a way.
  It's a clean parody.
  I couldn't it was a little too.
 Let's get it started.
  Oh, yeah.
  I that yeah, because I didn't hear we watched this version together.
  And I was like, oh, no, the audio messed up.
  They're playing the album cut.
 Oh, no.
  They put the rock CD.
  They're live singing, Jason, and they're live singing.
  They seem excited.
 Oh, no.
  I think of the Black Eyed Peas are like the sticks of rap.
  I think that that's about like they are as legitimate to rap as sticks was to rock.
  Well, I am looks like he drives Beetlejuice's car.
  How about that?  He's got that big purple car.
  That is like.
  Oh, that car.
  Look up the car if you don't know the car.
  Oh, that reminds me of another question I have.
  Do we think that in 2013,  that Beetlejuice made a topical joke that was like,  hey, anybody see the VMAs Robin Thicke's been stealing my wardrobe?  For sure.
 For sure.
  He has that joke.
  Has to.
  I feel like they almost made that joke when I freaking did it.
  That might have still been relevant.
  That brought Beetlejuice back.
  Oh, yeah.
  Just because it's so specific, like people remember it.
  Oh, for sure.
 They made.
  Wow.
 That's nice to hear.
  I could have written for it.
  It's nice to know I could cut it as a writer for the mashup.
  We've been begging to be writers on one of these things,  and no one has taken us up on it.
  No theme park has contacted us and said, write a show like this for us.
  We're ready to do it.
  I'm surprised.
 Yeah.
  I'm shell shocked.
  I know for a fact, there was some powerhouse talent involved  in Jane's version in the mashup version,  because one of the companies involved in making it,  why they knew something about rock and roll.
  All right.
 They're called Renaissance Entertainment.
  And their co-owner and CEO is a man named John Binkowski,  the head of Hard Rock Park.
  Whoa.
 The rock and his company and all of theme park entertainment.
  All all roads, all rock and roads lead to one man.
  Lead to one man, the man himself.
  Binkowski, come on, hook us up, Binkowski.
  Talk to this guy.
 We really got to talk to this guy.
  We got to talk to this guy.
  It's funny with turning it into Fast and Furious that like,  I mean, that's like a little  I think that is Universal's attempt at being current pop culture  relevant, whether or not it's successful.
  But it's like they took this spot.
  It's like this area in the park is meant to be the spot for the kids.
  And by that, I mean the spot where they, you know, show what kids  were talking about seven years prior.
  So but at least that is maintained kind of by turning it into Fast and Furious.
  Right.
 That's true.
  But, you know, it sounds like it's again, I haven't been on the Orlando one either.
  It sounds like it's not quite the same.
  Five minutes into watching these Beetlejuice things, I'm like,  oh, this is more fun than supercharged.
  I mean, it is.
  It is.
  It's missing.
  It's missing.
 I feel like that park is missing a certain energy of this kind of like universal.
  Like, it's it's yeah, it's very loud.
  It's very pop culture.
  It's just a little body like they've kind of stripped a lot of of that out.
  Not even before covid times.
  I mean, yeah, I if the one in the early 90s, I felt like it had such an 80s aesthetic to it.
  Yeah, that I guess I guess I'm now I'm viewing it through the lens of like, oh, that's that's cool.
  The way they were making it look back then.
  But it's just because that's what like that was actually current.
  I'm thinking it was nostalgic back then.
  But it's like it feels like something like fun and very themed.
  It just feels more specific, I guess, is what I'm saying than like a screen ride.
  Like it feels more unique in original, even though it's it's, you know, a framework of a theme park show.
  But it feels like, oh, this would be a fun little thing that's different than everything else.
  Yeah.
 And as I as I say that, of course, they they were playing Great Balls of Fire in 1992.
  A 30 year old plus year old Jerry Lee Lewis.
  Rock and roll all night and party every day.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like, I don't know.
 I'll say this for comedy.
  There is that one of the jokes that I really appreciate it was there.
  There was a moment in one of the versions where Frankenstein, they shoot off a bunch of pyro and Frankenstein freaks out at the fire.
  That's a solid joke.
 That's a good joke.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They kind of played Frankenstein as the little like dumb, but lovable was kind of his thing, at least in our version was like in our version, too.
  It was supposed to be like in the previous versions, it was like he and the bride kind of had this like on again off again or like whatever.
  But in our version, it's like they're settled down.
  They're a couple.
  It's very cute.
 Like that was supposed to be their like arc, I guess, if there is one.
  But like so that was kind of cute.
  They made him just like dumb, lovable and like established that they were together.
  And the reason that worked is because they made Dracula like Fantasia's like love interest or vice versa, you know, because in the previous shows, Dracula would kind of be like, I wish it.
  I had Frankie's girl, you know, like all that stuff.
  So then I can't believe that's a solid joke, too.
  Yeah, pretty good.
  So like in our version, right before Fantasia's entrance, Beetlejuice is like, oh, you know, still haven't found anybody, Drac.
  And he goes, I've tried in vain, but I couldn't find my type.
  And he like gets the bride and then the bride's like, it's time for some new blood.
  And so then I come out and then supposed to be like, Dracula's like, oh, who's she?  And then he gets distracted by her.
  And then Cleo and Wolfman are kind of a couple.
  So it was kind of like couples.
  This whole thing is about trying to get monsters to hook up.
  Hell, yeah.
 This is a big rock and roll monster key party.
  Keys in the bowl, gang.
  Keys, your giant, your giant castle footlong castle keys, the keys in the drag keys to the Dracula.
  Do you know, do you know any other any info about Fantasia's backstory or like what?  I guess I guess the question I have is what happened to her dad?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, I don't really know.
  I think it was kind of up for interpretation.
  But like there there are some cute moments where like if you're paying attention enough,  there's little nods to him.
  Like when they do the girls just want to have fun bit for like the girl characters,  Fantasia specifically sings the oh, daddy, dear, you know, you're still number one.
  And the choreography was like you as much as many times as you can draw attention to your mask,  because that's your kind of go to thing for your character.
  So like Cleo's was like, your go to thing is mummy hands and like Egyptian hands.
  And then Fantasia's go to is like the rock hand and like the put your hand over your mask thing.
  So it was oh, daddy, dear, you know, you're and then you would do the little messing still number one.
  So like there's little nods if you're paying attention.
  But, you know, most people kind of miss is the number one.
  I don't know.
 I read it is pointing to the sky like maybe he died.
  I kind of take it that way, too.
  But I have a different reading of it.
  I think he's up in the rafters enjoying his daughter performing.
  Maybe that's much more wholesome.
  Right.
 He's that's what he loves.
  He loves being in the rafters, for God's sake.
  That's his whole thing in the rafters in the basement.
  Right.
 He loves to lurk about.
  So like he's not going to be in the audience with the tourists.
  He's going to be up, you know, watching.
  He gives her notes after every show.
  You were flat here and you were showing that contouring is kind of a tire.
  Oh, no, it's a gypsy.
  It's a gypsy gypsy rose.
  She's like Dracula saved me.
  It takes me away.
  I have to lie and say daddy's number one.
 It's not true.
  Daddy, do you know you're still number one?  Jane, do you have any like do you remember any just like like times  like the show went a little awry, funny stories with like other cast  or like anything stick out like that?  Yeah, for sure.
  I mean, even in watching the same video I keep referring to,  there's some stuff where I was like, that was definitely something  we all tried to like make happen that wasn't really allowed.
  But we were closing like if you notice in Balleroo Blitz,  I crawl under Frankenstein's legs, which was just us fucking around being like,  dude, I'm going to crawl under your legs when you cross from here to here.
  Be like, OK, man, like stuff like that.
  Or in that show, too, we're like, guys, let's add all the riffs that we can.
  And so you'll notice that some stuff there's like added riffs that we know  because we've heard the show a million times.
  And we like I tried to add a riff here and you'll see people kind of laugh  and be like, nice.
  And then also in that show, for some reason, one of the dancers,  one of the male dancers in that show, we me and him had this like inside  joke about like who could get the last like two claps in before  we had to move to the next thing.
  So whenever we were like dancing together in like what I like about you,  you can see us like both doing this because it was something  that no one would really catch.
  But I think we were all just trying to have a good time.
  We were all really sad.
  There was closing and people were moving.
  And so it's like stupid shit like that.
  We had really fun backstage.
  Like happenings like just, you know, just funny shit  because there are a lot of like costumes from the old shows.
  There'd be random wigs and shit everywhere, too.
  So people would get have fun with that and we'd all trade wigs like I would  because we had like wig caps and on and stuff.
  We would take a lot of stuff off because it's so hot.
  So one time I'd be like, oh, my God, can I try on your wig?  I want to see what I'd look like at this or like, oh, my God,  what if we did it like this?  Like we would just have fun.
  Like we was just such a silly, silly, fun time.
  And like it really is like a family like we all still talk and we're all in like  like a Facebook group of like Monster Family and like if someone's out here.
  That's which sounds funny, I guess.
  No, it is nice.
  And so like if someone's out here, I'll be like, oh, my God, I live here now.
  Like, do you want to hang out?  Like there's a guy who did sound for us, who also does our date, I guess, tour stuff.
  So he did the Green Day Tour and he was doing something else.
  And any time he was out here rehearsing in Burbank, I'd be like, hey, man, let's hang out.
  And like we would hang out.
  And so it's just like not even a question.
  So it is like this really like runs in the blood, especially with like the original brides  really being a big part of each iteration.
  It was kind of like a nice family to get, you know, kind of invited into.
  And another funny thing backstage, too, which I have a picture of and I'm sure Jason can send you guys.
  We had like a full size Beetlejuice man, like figure statue.
  But like it was not it had like real clothes on.
  It wasn't like hard.
  It was like an actual like figure, but it was man sized.
  And it would scare the crap out of me all the time.
  But we had one and we would always dress him up funny and like for Mardi Gras, put beads on him.
  And at Christmas, we made it look like he was decorating the tree.
  So like, that's pretty funny.
  And like the chair that was on the turntable before the red chair, our stage manager had that as her chair in her office.
  So if you'd go into the office, she was like sitting in the chair.
  Like it's just everyone loved it.
  And like it was just a fun time.
  And I think that's really why it's so sad it's gone, because my first thought was like they're going to destroy  that break room where we had all that fun.
  Like that was really what my first thought was like, wow, that sucks.
  Like, you know, we had so much fun occupying time between shows and just like, you know, being stupid.
  And we all we did like a lot of us did our own makeup.
  I mean, Frankenstein, Beetlejuice and Wolfman had like airbrushing and stuff.
  But the girls did a lot of their own makeup.
  So we would just be like at the makeup mirrors, just like having fun and like some day sucked.
  But so does every job.
 But like, that's what I take away from it for sure.
  It's just like it was so fun.
  Like sometimes it didn't sound good.
  Sometimes it didn't look good.
  And I'll be the first to tell you that it's hard as hell to do all that cardio and belt and not be flat,  flat as hell all the time in that show.
  But did I have fun? Yes.
  Like, was it like living my best life?  Yes.
 Like, I don't know.
  The graveyard review was the peak of not the peak, but like a just glory days in your life.
  Having monster slumber parties.
  I felt like a rock star.
  I mean, I had like the Britney Spears mic.
  We always called them the Britney Spears mic, these old ass, like big black, like mics.
  And it was just a good time.
  We fucked around all the time on stage.
  Like we just yeah, it was fun.
  It sounds good.
 I look I in hindsight, wish I went right to Orlando at 18,  did a bunch of shows, partied at Pleasure Island every night.
  And that like I've that would have seems like very fun.
  And it's it's nice hearing that it seems like it was fun for the most part.
  Yeah, it really was fun.
  Sorry.
 Do you hear the dinging noise?  No, no, no.
 Jason, do you hear that dinging noise?  It just stopped.
 OK.
  Oh, no, I think it's fine.
  The cookies sounded like an alarm and I was like, oh, my God, what is that?  The cookies are done.
  No, I will say 90 minutes cookie recipe.
  No, I didn't mean for that to come off like that.
  I was very distracted.
 No, it really was.
  We, you know, after shows, we'd be like, you guys want to go to food and wine  tonight and be like, hell, yeah, we'll meet you there.
  Like, oh, I was working over at this job today.
  I just did my shows there.
  But you're going to like, you know, it really was this cool like experience to  very lucky to have had like just living in Orlando as an adult working in that  industry.
 Like, I'm very glad that I'm where I am now and I'm no longer there.
  But at the same time, there's very fond memories and very learned a lot.
  And like, who gets to just be like, you guys want to go to food and wine  tonight for fun? It's like, yeah, OK.
  Like that was like date night.
 That was like going out night.
  Like, I don't know.
 That's like one of my favorite.
  I mean, like I would go after Beetlejuice and I'd still have some of the crazy  makeup on and we would just go drink around the world like, oh, so should Mike.
  Did Mike mess up?  Should Mike have done the alternate?  Yes, I did.
 I absolutely messed up.
  I I'm not saying I would have moved out here.
  I'm just saying, though, instead of going to community college and stayed in my  hometown, I should have gone to Orlando and had fun.
  I totally messed up.
  Mike, whenever whenever you talk like that, I always say the same thing.
  You got to get back in improv classes.
  You got to get to get some refreshers.
  Jason, shut the fuck up.
  So upset when you make those jokes.
  We wasted our whole lives doing improv.
  I don't need to go back.
  What'd you spend years doing classes on?  You should have come into my graveyard review instead.
  You know, you should have been in a real show.
  Playing should have been playing Beetlejuice.
  That's what I should have been doing.
  Your height would work to your advantage for a lot of stuff like you would book  stuff, especially horror nights.
  I don't know if that would interest you at all, but your height, you would get  booked immediately for shit like you would be Frankenstein everywhere.
  As long as I can play the goblin Beetlejuice character in any of these,  like just do that voice for any of these characters I'm absolutely in.
  I'm very game.
  You are going to have to do jokes that are related to fecal matter.
  Look, if I will, I will go to church, I will go to the Holy Land experience.
  Light a candle.
  I used to live right by the Holy experience.
  Oh boy.
  Did you hear the baptisms?  I would have to turn down that street.
  No, but I would have to turn down that street and pass all of the big like  animals just to get to my apartment.
  Wow.
  I love like, I mean, Universal Orlando is like you go a couple of blocks and you  hit a public supermarket, but Mike, I feel like you told me it's like, yeah, you  know what's next to Holy Land experience at Target.
  Yeah.
  Like this.
  It's right by a mall at millennia.
  You cross over I-4 and like it's Holy Land and then Target, Krispy Kreme, Panda  Express, like the whole mall.
  So just so like, you know,  like go get some diapers in the morning, then get blessed into a bathing pool by  Jesus himself, then go pick up some orange chicken, just get it all done in the same  little space.
  Catch a crucifixion on the hour every hour, like just hit it up.
  Quick crucifixion.
  Quick, quick crucifixion.
  Um, closing thoughts about this show.
  Uh, I mean, I'm, I'm now like, I wish it was still there.
  I wish it was still there in Florida.
  I, or in Hollywood rather.
  It's, you know, one thing that's strange about it is that it went away and then they  moved the special effects stage show, which we talked about with Carl Tartt up to, uh,  like that happens in this castle theater.
  And clearly the castle theater is a place where Beetlejuice should be performing, not  where you should be learning, wow, what chroma key works.
  Uh, it's right there.
  It's waiting for him.
  Uh, I think it's a bummer.
  There aren't monsters dancing around and rocking in there.
  Well, even more insulting in Hollywood, what replaced it was Spider-Man rocks.
  Lord.
  Yeah.
  I could be, I could be in that show though.
  You could.
  Would you have saved it?  Would it still be going with your?  I think yes.
  That's basically what I was trying to say is that I would have saved it.
  I would have really.
  I can fix him.
  I can fix him.
  Yeah.
  I would have played multiple characters in the show once.
  I think I would have done a lot of costume changes.
  Um, okay.
  Let me make one more, one more, one point.
  Uh, uh, this is sort of, this is related, but the song, what I like about you by the  romantics, I don't know why I have, like, I don't ever want to hear it again.
  Cause it's in, it's in too many commercials and it's just too, right?  Like doesn't exist as a song anymore.
  It's been ruined.
  Right.
  But like, I feel like there's some songs where I think it was overusing commercials  then a couple of years later, I'm listening to it and I go, man, this is a really good  song.
  I just, just maybe got too tired of hearing it, but the romantics, what I like about you,  I get rid of it.
  You don't.
  I kind of agree with you.
  It also kind of brings some PTSD cause that was the most like cardio song that I had to  do right before the mashup of smooth criminal and a sweet dream.
  So I'm like, Oh God, here comes that song.
  So I just.
  Yeah.
  There's so much dancing in your version.
  There was like, I know people on stage when we watched the previous version, we're like,  there's six people on this massive stage.
  It feels empty.
  So like they fix that.
  What I like about you also used in a lot of like promotion for like sitcom commercials.
  It's like the two guys, a girl and pizza places back.
  What I like about you.
  Well, and is it in this Amanda Bynes, Jenny Garth show, what I like about you, right?  Oh yeah.
  The theme of it.
  They named the show after it as well.
  Yeah, I agree.
  I think that song can be done for now.
  It died with the show.
  We've heard it.
  It died with the show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Beetlejuice was the ultimate iteration of it.
  And what else are you going to do?  Yeah, it's fun.
  Cause then it went into, didn't it go into something?  It went from, Oh no, I guess not.
  That one was maybe the only one that wasn't a mashup.
  Yeah.
  That one got a lot of time.
  That one got a lot of time.
  I was like, this is the most they've played a song.
  They've done a song with what I like about you.
  I think it's cause they really wanted to highlight that there's three couples, but  there's so much going on.
  It's still kind of hard to figure that out, but it is like, that's when they're  like, Oh look, that person's with that person.
  And it rolls into you really got me going.
  Oh yeah.
  You really got me.
  That one's less played out.
  So we're saying less what I like about you, but how about far more?  What does the fox say?  I, it was perfect.
  You know, watch, I wanted more of that.
  I wanted more gang.
  I'm sorry.
  I started thinking about like some 2010 stuff of like, Oh, I never, I  realized they never finished watching.
  Like I never watched the last season of girls, but this beetle juice reminded  you of that.
  Yeah.
  What?  Well, I was thinking about like, just like Lena Denham, I know how much, um,  2010 stuff.
  Like I, I'm like, I never need to revisit this, but watching this, I was like, I  like seeing watch me whip and Nae Nae.
  It's fun to hear.
  What does the fox say?  Well, yeah, spoiler.
  I guess I'm holding onto a novelty song.
  The last episode of girls is they all dance to watch me whip, watch me Nae Nae.
  It's like almost exactly like that.
  That'd be great.
  Beelgeuse's graveyard.
  Yeah.
  Do you, do you think of the show was happening today?  Like Wolfman would be riding on the back of a vehicle as dreams by Fleetwood Mac  played and he was drinking ocean spray.
  Cause I think that's a slam dunk.
  I think that's, yeah.
  It is there some configuration of seven to do like a BTS song?  They would never get the rights for that.
  I feel like you don't think so.
  No, in dream world, I guess you could.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, Jeannie, Jeannie would definitely, if the show was happening in California  Adventure, Jeannie would definitely bring a bottle of juice on stage.
  Well, so is the only, the answer maybe is that if, if, if theme parks are not going  to be able to have these shows, like all of these characters maybe need to keep  living on on TikTok, like all these, all these Beetlejai as you said, multiple  Beetlejuices strewn about the world.
  Need to get a TikTok account going and start, uh, you know, firing those  parodies out, a step put, put, put the word out on that Facebook group, I think.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  I'll, I'll get them.
  I'll round them up and we'll make something happen.
  Okay.
  We're getting reports that a Beetlejuice has stopped skateboarding and started  complaining about ballot harvesting.
  Shut it down folks.
  Nothing could be fun.
  It's 2020.
  Nothing's fun.
  I'll make every TikTok.
  This was fun though.
  This is a blast to talk about this and Jane Clare, you survived Haunt  Cast the Fright.
  Thanks for joining us.
  So fun to talk to you about this stuff.
  It was so nice to be here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What?  Yeah.
  Thank you so much.
  So much fun.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you would like to plug?  Oh, sure.
  Um, I just released a single a few weeks ago and a music video.
  Um, so you can stream that anywhere, any platform, Spotify, Apple music, iTunes,  blah, blah, it's on YouTube.
  Um, on socials I'm on Instagram and Twitter, underscore Jane Clare underscore  because the person who has at Jane Clare has been inactive for years and I can't  do anything about it.
  So, uh, I gotta add that underscore.
  Um, can they find with the Y Jane with, oh yes, J A Y N E.
  And they can find the song under your net real name on like Spotify.
  Yeah.
  So just search.
  Um, the song is called so glad you're mine, but you have no idea who I wrote  that about.
  Um, no, but actually something cute.
  Uh, Jason helped me film that.
  So I filmed a lot of the B roll, but the stuff that I couldn't film Jason filmed  for me.
  So that's the cute little thing.
  That is cute.
  A cute little thing.
  Duet collab.
  That's wonderful.
  Yeah.
  It was so fun.
  Yeah.
  Um, so yeah, everyone check that out.
  Well, and our, as always the three of our, uh, romantic collaboration that we call  podcast, the ride is, uh, available every Friday.
  Uh, you can find out more on social media.
  We get our T public and there's three bonus episodes every month.
  This month, uh, behind the cemetery gates at, uh, patreon.
com slash podcast, the  ride.
  Um, um, yeah.
  So just to sum up, uh, Hmm.
  Well, I already said the thing about what I like about you.
  Then I think we have to like, uh, I think we end with like, we have to do the, the  clap.
  So like, uh, uh, all right.
  Well, and we hope you liked that episode of podcast, the ride, are there three?  Did I do it right?  No, wait, there's four.
  Uh, um, and that's, that's what we like about beetle juices, graveyard review.
  Cut, cut, cut, cut.
  They're very, very, I say beetles use three times to close it out.
  Oh, you know, that's how you got to end the show.
  Cause that's how we ended the show.
  Beetle juice, beetles, beetles, wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on real quick.
  I don't want to go in overtime here, but if all three of us say his name at the  same time, since we're in separate places, would he all appear?  He would get confused, right?  What would happen?  Yeah.
  How did, how do they deal with shows up in a new zoom window because he also is  worried about catching the Corona virus.
  So he's, he would pop in broadcasting from the underworld.
  I'm on room.
  I'm remotely zoning in.
  Oh, works.
  There he is.
  I'm afraid already.
  I'm back.
  I just took a huge.
  Beetle juice.
  Let's get out of here.
  All right.
  So, so long.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason  Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to  our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
