 INTRO MUSIC  Mummies and gentle ghouls, welcome to a grand discussion of the Creatures Choice Awards on  Hauntcast, The Fright, The Cemetery Gate, I'm Scott Gravedigner, joined by, I forget them all.
  Well, Kill Girls, Kill Girl-son.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
  Kill Wimun-son.
 Kill all Wimun-son.
  The lady killer, we mean that literally.
  I have a lot of different names, okay, but fine, on the Patreon, I guess it's Kill All Wimun-son.
  I guess that's my name, fine, I accept it.
  Much darker over here, much more purgy.
 And then the other guy is what again?  Jack-o-lantern slime-it-in.
  I like that I don't remember, I can hear them all new.
  Yeah, listen, this one, I feel like always the explanation right at the top,  because you might be looking at the name and not knowing what it is, unless you heard our episode  about the Tower of Terror.
 This is an episode about a ride that was never built, that was never  complete, never made it past the conceptual stage, although it made it further than anybody might  think.
 Actually, not a ride so much as a show, this was meant for Disney MGM studios in the 90s.
  Is this our first episode about a thing that was not built at all? Have we actually done?  I think that's correct.
 Every now and then it comes up, like, hey, we should do unbuilt Star Wars,  unbuilt, I mean, there's so much great unbuilt stuff, and there's a lot of people who've made  great videos about unbuilt stuff.
 But yeah, it's a very rich vein to mine.
 But this one is a rare  one where it's like, until you told me about it, Scott, I knew nothing about this.
 And there's so  little of it out there.
 I feel like it is ripe to talk about.
  Yeah, it really makes me think of like, what is out there that we don't know? Because we frequent  these blogs and these podcasts.
 And still, when we brought up the Creature's Choice Awards, I was  like, I've never heard that before.
 So there's got to be so much more out there that's not even been  written about that exists in a file cabinet or as a sketch somewhere.
  Yeah, which is like, you know, we listen to the Disney dish, to Jim Hill and Lentist,  and sometimes they will get access to some weird files bought at a state sale or something.
  Something was being transported somewhere and it fell out of a car on the side of the road in  central Florida.
 Jim Hill picks it up and then we get to know what's in it.
 I don't know how at all.
  He meets Deep Throat in a parking garage.
  I have some information you might want to hear about a proposed Ben Nobbs and Broomsticks ride.
  That's exactly, he says the secret word, that secret phrase, that's it exactly.
  Jim Hill's college roommate, Sergeant Vindaman.
  That's the one I don't get.
 Who's Vindaman?  Oh, he was testified against Trump at the impeachment things.
  Boy, how do you keep all these names? There's like a thousand names at this point.
  Anyone like, if you're majoring in the Trump era in grad school or something someday,  it's the hardest job ever.
  Yeah, really.
 But good reference, Jason.
  Sounded like a good reference.
 I didn't know it either.
  Yeah.
 So the reason that we know about this show, it's entirely due to this book by Kevin  Rafferty.
 And again, we set up some of this in the Tower of Terror episode.
 Kevin Rafferty is a great  Imagineer who I, again, all the stuff you don't know.
 Nobody signs their names to attractions  typically.
 We know that Tony Baxter is associated with these four great rides.
  But Kevin Rafferty, it's probably why you write a book so that you can come out and say,  so I had my hands on this and this and this.
 Just to run through a bunch of them.
 He's very  associated with Cars Land, Midway Mania.
 There's stories in the book about the Rock and Roller  Coaster and hanging out with Steven Tyler.
 And Steven Tyler, like, did anyone read further in  the book? Now it's not coming to me.
 There's something about Steven Tyler talking to his son  about sex or something.
 No, I don't.
 Do you have to pause and break off?  That sounds pretty good.
 Well, I mean, we might be doing a chapter by chapter breakdown.
  The chapters are even half as good as this one section about like, we have to expand MGM studios.
  The projects Rafferty was working on simultaneously.
 The potential contemporaries for Tower of Terror,  what didn't get built are so fascinating.
 I really think this full lineup of attractions  would be jaw dropping to have.
 I think we got the right one.
 The right one made it out,  which is the Tower of Terror.
 But I mean, I think I have some of this list in front of me,  which these are a lot of which we should do episodes about.
 But this thing we're talking  about, this animatronic award show, the Creatures Choice Awards, he was working on at the same time  as Tower of Terror.
 Dick Tracy Crime Stoppers may be the most prime for an episode.
 We should  probably do that one soon.
 I only skimmed the chapter about that, but there's like a discussion  with Eisner about guns that seems really crazy.
 And they also got like a 1930 sedan and were like,  let's drive this around the parking lot and see what skidding to a stop feels like.
 Like they were  trying to like get ideas for the ride vehicle.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 All these, I mean, I think it's all  part of the same chapter or like several chapters.
 All the stuff that we talked about with Tower of  Terror, he gets to do that.
 He gets to ride around an old thirties car and he gets to go to the  elevator factory and test an elevator as fast as it can go and go try out a drop ride to see, well,  how will it work if we do it? I like the fun.
 And for this, he like went to Fangoria and hung out  with horror fans and went and talked to some of the people who there would have been animatronics  of.
 There's a story in this book about him hanging out with the Rolling Stones in first class on a  plane.
 Did anyone get to that? No, no, no.
 What is that about? Again, maybe we'll save some of this  and bring it up if we talk about Crime Stoppers.
 But he, this Imagineer is going to New York for a  presentation.
 There's something Imagineering centric that he has to do.
 And they put him up first class  and then he has all of the cabin to himself.
 He's like, wow, I'm the only guy here.
 Amazing.
 And then  people start coming in and it's a big entourage.
 And he's like, ah, bummer.
 And then he starts  going, wait, is that Charlie Watts? Is that Ron Wood? Is that Keith Richards? And it's all of them.
  And then he does a whole flight where the Rolling Stones are like talking to him and like, wait,  see you build the Disney rides, do you? He like parties with the Stones, who he claims invite them  to hang out with him in New York.
 And he's like, sorry, I have work to do.
 The company beckons.
 And  he didn't hang out with the Rolling Stones.
 That's so crazy.
 I'm not even sure I totally,  but he seems like a good guy.
 Why not? I'm just jealous, I guess.
  That's yeah.
 Why would you turn that? How? Well, I was hoping it was like he was trying to court  them to be the rock and roller coaster, to be on the rock and roller coaster.
  Oh yeah.
 I wish.
 Yeah.
 I'll hit pause on whatever that Steven Tyler story is.
 I swear there's  something about Steven Tyler like having the talk with his son or something.
 Just get this book if  you're interested in this stuff as we are.
 Old rockers.
 You're interested in old rockers.
  Well, these are the most famous ones.
 We're not exactly, you know, to bring up sticks again.
  He's not talking about hanging out with J.
Y.
 I could see how you'd be bored by a J.
Y.
 story.
  But anyway, like what are the other ones? He's, there was the Baby Herman's Runaway Baby Buggy's  proposed Roger Rabbit attraction.
 This guy thought of the attraction Toontown Transit,  which there's concept art of somewhere online that would have been a Star Tours, but you're on  like a trolley car that goes into, like goes on a crazy path through Toontown, like an animated  Roger Rabbit Star Tours, which sounds amazing.
 And the rumor is that they're sort of reusing  that idea for the Zootopia ride.
 Oh, yes.
 Oh, neat.
 So yeah.
 So everything gets reused eventually.
  Oh, because that way they come into the city is so cool in that movie.
 So that kind of deal.
  That's the idea.
 Yep.
 The cartoon studio stuff, which were like the three attractions he was  developing simultaneously is this and Tower of Terror.
 It's really interesting, you know,  for a few reasons, because at the same time, Universal was planning on doing a whole park  called Universal's Cartoon World, another fascinating, unbuilt thing.
 But then also,  like Roger Rabbit was this huge hit.
 So they're like, oh yeah, full steam ahead.
 We got to get  this in the park and we got the ride at Disneyland and we got some presence of Roger Rabbit in Florida,  but no big e-ticket attractions in Florida.
 And it's so crazy of like,  if they had they feels like they did the same thing with the Marvel Cinematic Universe,  but if they said we got to get something in there and nothing came of it, that would just be so  bizarre nowadays.
 Like, how did you how did you fumble that ball? You know, right, right.
 Yeah,  they've gotten like just enough Marvel in there to show they mean business and that they and that  there's a big hit attraction that people like.
 I don't know how people feel about any of those  Iron Man or Ant-Man or any of those things that are in the overseas parks.
 But yeah, it is weird.
  And like, do you think maybe Roger Rabbit's cultural stock would be higher if there were  more attractions? Is it like in the same way that like the avatars kept alive a little in people's  minds by the theme park stuff? I think maybe more attractions and if there had been a sequel.
  Yeah, yeah, certainly that.
 Well, they had like, you know, they had Jessica Rabbit at Pleasure  Island.
 I feel like they obviously we've talked about it seems like they've tried to back off  Jessica Rabbit, you know, pushing her out there.
 And I think probably the like situation with like  Robert Zemeckis, they've kind of pushed back is at a certain point.
 Remember, Roger was like fifth  as far as like the characters, wasn't he like fifth or sixth as far as like the top characters?  Yeah, there was a time.
 Yeah.
 And Jessica Rabbit was up there for merchandise sales.
  Yeah.
 Very high.
 And so, yeah, I don't know.
 I don't know exactly when that switched because  he was beating Chip and Dale for sure.
 But I feel like Chip and Dale now are ahead of him.
  He was there with them, I feel like.
 And maybe I'm going off of that sing along songs primarily.
  You don't think you think Roger Rabbit was just on Chip and Dale level when he was in his  couple of years there? I get maybe maybe.
 Well, maybe they split the vote.
 So Roger independently  has more appeal than the two of them that they have to share.
  OK, I could believe that.
 I feel like Roger was winning.
 But the Rescuers had been out.
 So they  had some popularity, but it wasn't as big as Roger Rabbit.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I yeah, there  was a huge Roger era.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 What did it would never happen now? They would never  not make a sequel.
 They'd figure something out.
 Yeah.
 And I mean, they always like tease the idea.
  But now it's like impossible if they wanted to get like Looney Tunes and stuff in there.
  Like that's seemingly impossible.
 Well, then I guess a new Roger Rabbit would have to be like,  you know, it's Mickey hanging out with the Paw Patrol and some like YouTube cartoon and and Beowulf.
  And a motion capture.
 Beowulf.
 Beowulf got to be in it.
 Beowulf is in Marwen.
 Too realistic.
 Angelina  Jolie has to emerge from the water and hang out with Dumbo.
 Roger goes to Marwen.
 The Witches with  the mouth scars.
 Yeah, all of it.
 They're all there.
 Man, it's mainly like the Beowulf characters  dominate almost as much as the Looney Tunes.
 They kind of replace the Looney Tunes,  which is what Zemeckis thinks has happened culturally.
 Yes.
 Mickey should make a wrong  turn and end up in an alley with the algorithm generated like body swap things that was scaring  everyone a couple of years ago, where it would be like the top half of Spider-Man ends up on the  bottom half of the Hulk.
 And everyone's like, what is this? And there's just like  factories shirting out this stuff in around the world.
  They used to hang out with a bunch of like with a bunch of realistic homers,  like all those CGI.
 What if Homer was in real life? They own the really seedy part of Toontown.
  And they own the Simpsons.
 So that would be very possible.
 Yeah.
 Zemeckis is doing to Pinocchio.
  Oh, no.
 For Disney, for Disney.
 In that way.
 So I mean, how else are you going to do it? How  else is Robertson magazine the year 20, whatever 21 to Pinocchio if it's not Beowulf style?  OK, look, while I wouldn't go so far as to say Pinocchio is canceled, as I feel about Pan,  where I feel like it is like important for us to progress as a society by having no more Peter Pan,  we have to grow up and Pan is done.
 But Pinocchio I feel similar about just in like,  I would say how about more Pinocchios, except that every live action Pinocchio has been the most  upsetting thing you've ever seen.
 Like that that Benigni one and the weird, the Drew Carey and  am I forgetting some Pinocchios? I don't know.
 There's an 80s cartoon called like the Sorcerer  of Light, where there's a scary Christopher Lloyd in it and Ricky Lee Jones sings to Pinocchio.
  Like these are some of the scariest films ever made.
 Yeah.
 You ain't seen nothing yet.
 You get  ready.
 Well, and and look, this one's going to have I believe Tom Hanks doing a Geppetto voice.
  I hope he sings the song.
 I have to sing the song.
 Yeah, for sure.
 Oh, wait.
 Oh, this is like the  worst of all worlds.
 It's Zemeckis Mocap and the unimaginative live action like CGI hybrids.
 Oh,  God, this sounds terrible.
 Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
 August 20th, Tom Hanks and talks to play Geppetto and  Disney's Pinocchio.
 That is confirmed.
 So yeah, prepare for that.
 They're going to have to do  some cleaning up, I think of the of Pleasure Island for sure.
 But it's going to be it's going  to be something I think.
 I don't know.
 They have to be bad there to be punished.
 We have to see  if you smoke a cigar, then you have to have like a body transmorphic horrifying situation  happen to you.
 You have to like go through hell.
 I hope they vape though.
 That's what I hope.
 Yeah,  they vape.
 I mean, it helps that Tom Hanks has already been killed and replaced with a clone.
  As we all know, like all the celebrities, they're all clones, you know, that one of the is that a  cute? Yeah, that's a cute.
 Yeah, that's a cute thing.
 Cute drop.
 That was one of my favorite  recent theme park blog things in quarantine was the blog who was like, people are saying that  they should re theme that Pinocchio ride.
 And it was just two commentators, like two comments on  their own blog, saying like they should read this is nightmarish.
 This ride is scary.
 Pinocchio is  daring jerk.
 Yeah, it's a little scary.
 And then buried deep in the story, there was an embedded  tweet where someone's like, well, there is a weird Asian stereotype in a birdcage.
 And I was like,  oh, yeah, that's weird.
 Get rid of that.
 Also, learn how to write an article.
 That should be  the very first thing, not your two dipshit commenters that are just posting save the children  horse shit.
 There.
 Yeah, I there's this.
 I mean, we've noticed it a lot, but there's one in  particular.
 I don't even know.
 I don't want to like get into a fight with them.
 But boy, because we  follow a lot of these theme park Twitter.
 The idea was we're in this Trump era where Twitter is a  nightmare.
 So what if we only follow on podcast? The ride? All we're going to do is follow fun  theme park Twitter's and now they're getting all right wingy and QE like it's a bit bad there.
  Some of these Twitter's are just awful.
 You know, it does.
 It makes a lot of sense to me because  look, we know Disney fans very imaginative.
 They like to think of fun things.
 You know, they spin  out.
 They think of different fun scenario fantasies.
 And I think there's a probably a nice overlap  with your Q audience.
 Well, in the way that, you know, Walt was Walt was just weaving tails left  and right in all mediums until he left this mortal coil.
 Q really is the modern day Walt.
  Sharing so many wonderful stories with us, just adding to the culture, turn it like making people's  hearts come alive.
 Right.
 I mean, I'm thinking of other adventures of what Peter Pan might have.
  And I'm also thinking of what adventures Donald Trump is having as he combats  pedophiles because I know he's doing it because that's makes so much sense to me.
  Trump goes to a magical realm that we can't see.
 He has to wish and go to a star where he has  sword fights with pedophiles.
 Right.
 It's all in space.
 Uh huh.
 And yeah, Tinkerbell puts the dust  on Trump and he flies and he, he fights with pedophile pirates on a pirate ship.
  And he always defeats them because he's very strong, very tough man.
  And they thought they had him until he took all the, the Regeneron and now he,  Oh yeah.
 He doesn't see him like barreling through space.
 Oh no.
  If you shoot Tinkerbell up with Regeneron, her pixie dust gets supercharged.
 The dust she generates  is super dust.
 She can, and she can fly at four times light speed now.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  She helps him get revenge on, uh, like Kathy Ireland, Nellie Orr, uh,  Graydon Carter, all of the, the bad guy pirates.
  Well, he'll show us he's in, in term two, he'll like take a camera to the magical place where he  does all the things that he says.
 He'll show us that it's real.
 We just don't believe enough.
  And it's not just him working about 15 minutes a day and going back to his room and eating a  bunch of Big Macs.
 That's not the most, the majority of his day is eating two Big Macs,  two Flay of fishes and a chocolate milkshake.
 And calling TV hosts who want him to go like,  well, I'm sure you got a lot more to do, sir.
 No, that's fine.
 I'm good.
 I could stay here all day.
  All right.
 But my show is literally ending.
 No, no, no.
 Keep it rolling.
 Yeah.
 I got two more hours.
  The Lincoln bedroom is now just one of those sad bachelor apartments where it's like,  oh, the massive TV is being propped up by the box.
 It came in.
  He's making a point of seeing how much trash can pile up like you do in a dorm.
 Like my parents  are around.
 Nobody.
 I don't have to clean.
 I'm the president.
 I have to clean up after myself.
  All the cans I drank are on the wall.
  The cans of the cans of Regeneron.
  Yeah.
 He's definitely trashing that place if he loses.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 He's yeah.
 Like a hotel room.
 Yeah.
 He's going to tear all the wallpaper down.
  They're very unfair to me.
 These new diet Coke cans are so hard to stack.
  Skinny diet, sloppy, skinny diet Coke cans.
 Cans.
 They ate our country.
 All right.
  This is an episode about the creatures.
 An attraction that wasn't built about which  there's four pages about it in this one book.
 Okay.
 So some of this we all right,  we got into it a little.
 It's tied into the Tower of Terror story.
 The way he presents it in the  book is that he was working on both these things at the same time and only probably only one of  them was going to be able to go.
 And maybe there was thought that the Tower of Terror would be the  one that wouldn't work out because they were trying all this new technology.
 It was extremely  expensive.
 Both of these attractions would have been very, very expensive.
 Tower of Terror,  because they're inventing all this new stuff.
 How do you make an elevator, ball, fest and light speed?  This show would have just been a ton of animatronics and we know that's very expensive.
  So he's pushing them alongside each other at the same time.
 And it's all part of the same cycle of  pitching, apparently.
 They want to do something edgier, spookier, and that expands MGM studios.
  So we end up with this thing.
 Yeah.
 And in the book, the quote is the Creature's Choice word,  quote, a large scale theatrical presentation on the same scale and complexity of the American  Adventure.
 Crazy.
 Can you imagine? I cannot imagine the price tag.
 I mean, the American Adventure,  I think, benefits from the fact it was in a brand new park.
 They were committing a lot of money and  still a lot of bicentennial shine, a lot of bicentennial spirit in the air.
 Right.
 But it  American Adventure has got so many robots.
 There's so much going on.
 How long is that show? Is it  30 minutes? It's something like that.
 It's up there.
 We said on the episode, but it feels  like it's been a decade.
 They timed this out that this show would have been 17 minutes.
 So not quite  as long.
 But yeah, when you think about the mechanics of the American Adventure where we  discovered all that stuff, that all these massive pieces have to slide in and out from under you,  essentially, and just to have room for all those animatronics to come up.
 I guess that would have  been the deal with this, but it's all monsters doing an award show for each other.
 And it does  make it, I don't know, maybe this is controversial.
 I feel like it makes it better that it was going  to be mostly robots.
 I mean, I don't think that's controversial on this podcast.
 No, nothing against  performers, but there is something extra funny about a long show with just robots.
 And it's 30  minutes is how long the American Adventure is about.
 Wow.
 A little under.
 Yeah.
 Something where  you just press play and then robots do their thing.
 It's the Chuck E.
 Cheese Band.
 It's not a mystery  why we like that.
 Chuck E.
 Cheese Band.
 There's a moment I can feel in Country Bear Jamboree where  I don't know when it is, but there's some point where one of the side acts finishes their song,  and then the lights go down and it turns around, and then there's a feeling like, and now these  people, and you're like, how many are there? How many can they pack into this relatively small  space? And how many more are there going to be by the end of it? And if this was going to be one of  those where you think they've shown all their cards eight minutes in, and then the animatronics  keep coming from every spot in the theater, this would have been a blast.
 Yeah.
 I won't spoil the  finale, but the finale is great.
 17 minutes, look, I would have preferred 30 for this if they had done  it.
 I'll be honest with you.
 But maybe they were trying to go, some people could say, oh, American  Adventure, it's a little slow.
 Okay.
 I don't agree with that, but I guess a person who was seeing it  maybe who doesn't love the bicentennial like me would say that.
 I think the bicentennial would be,  well, it gets slow for me when there are no more robots, when you get into the song.
 Now I'm just  watching a movie, you're telling me no more robots are going to show up except on a Statue of Liberty,  which that does top it, the Statue of Liberty handshake is amazing, obviously.
 But this thing,  if it truly was animatronics front to back all the time, do you want to start saying some of the  stuff? We could do it in the order of how he pitched it, which it's interesting in the books  just to hear how this stuff is pitched and how fleshed out it all has to be.
 But I think really  where I fell in love with this and was like, we have to do an episode is when you hear the start  of his pitch, which this is straight to Eisner and Wells.
 I'm not even sure if it was vetted by  internal imaginary people or if the process was just get it, we get something ready and then take  it up to them.
 So he's pitching to Eisner and it starts off like this.
 This show is the equivalent  of the Academy Awards, but for movie monsters, including tonight's lifetime achievement award  honoree, the biggest star in the genre, Godzilla.
 So that's the peak of this, I guess.
 Monsters are  honoring each other and Godzilla is the ultimate.
 And at that point, Michael Eisner burst out  laughing and exclaimed, home run.
 It's so funny because in the context of when he talks about  pitching to Eisner and Wells, it feels so good cop, bad copy.
 Cause when he talks about pitching,  they were pitching Tower of Terror and like, Hey, how about Vincent Price?  And Eisner is just like, I don't know.
 Vincent Price had his day, but like, is he really relevant  nowadays? And then when he talks about pitching Tower of Terror, but with the Twilight Zone,  Eisner is hemming and hawing and he goes, is Twilight Zone still relevant? And Frank Wells is  like, are you kidding me? They still do Twilight Zone marathon.
 It's just like it's evergreen.
  It's universal.
 And Eisner goes, all right, I'll take it home run.
 And he does the same thing with  Godzilla.
 It's so funny.
 The things that make him just like giddy.
 Yeah.
 It feels like, I mean,  we've said this a million times, but it feels like if you were to pitch like an idea to Bob Iger,  he'd go, Oh, interesting.
 Okay.
 And then he'd like, or like run it through a computer algorithm to  make sure it made sense.
 But he never goes like, ah, home run.
 He never like, like he just saw a  exciting baseball game.
 He doesn't probably react like that.
 It doesn't feel like it.
 I just,  I think it's all right.
 We like this idea enough to do an episode about it, but I am a little  confused by why you would hear the ultimate monster, Godzilla, and then go, ha ha ha.
  Yes.
 I guess if he thought like, oh, we're going to see Godzilla, that's cool.
 I don't know.
  I don't know what his thinking is.
 I haven't spoken with him yet about it,  which we hopefully will get to one day.
 And I say that as if we are about to do it.
 We're not,  there's no communication.
 No, no, but, but yeah, if it was like, he thinks like, oh,  Godzilla will be there and accept an award.
 I do think you go home run.
 Let's see Godzilla.
  They just opened up this Godzilla in Japan, this big zip lining attraction.
 Have you seen this?  Oh, I was reading about this last night.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's like, it's a giant Godzilla had  new zip line into his mouth.
 And I'm like, that's fantastic.
 Cool.
 So, yeah, I don't know if  Iser was sort of imagining that, or he was just like, ha, Godzilla in an award show.
 I've heard  everything now.
 Well, that's, yeah, I think like Godzilla is cool.
 Of course.
 But did he just like  this? Cause it's about awards and do you like this in the lame superstar limo way? That's my question.
  I see what you're saying.
 He was like, we're going to send up the award shows.
 We're going to send  up Hollywood.
 He loves, yeah.
 Maybe, maybe you're right about that.
 Maybe he wasn't thinking like,  oh, we can make a cool Godzilla that will appear.
 Yeah.
 He just thinks he can make jokes about price  water house and, um, uh, the, you know, the playing them off music, which all of that would be  very dated.
 They feel we're still there today and irrelevant as the future of award shows is in  question for a little while.
 I mean, it would have been nice if you could have updated it.
 So like  when there was the award, when Warren Beatty and what's her name got it wrong, you could add that  into the show, but I'm sure that wouldn't have been the way they would have made it in the early  nineties.
 When Warren booty, uh, and Faye Dunaway would be Faye.
  Frey-d, Frey-d Dunaway.
 Frey-d.
 A Frey-d Dunaway.
  A dead-o-dead-a-way.
 I don't know.
 Oh yeah.
 There's better ones for sure.
  Sure.
 But of course we know, like, obviously you update this and that's,  that's fantastic.
 You reference where, you know, now you put in a joke about Steve Harvey getting  the name wrong or whatever, but we, we all know that this would have been opened in 1994 and never  changed in any way.
 It absolutely would have been one of those like food rocks until it went away.
  Carousel of Progress, the redo, which Kevin Rafferty worked on and that certainly has not  changed in one bit, not even to dub in somebody saying the century that we're in.
  Well, I think the one change is that the TV did turn widescreen.
 Yeah, it's a flat screen.
  That is the change I think that they've made over the years.
 And they lucked out because VR did come  back around to being popular.
 Right.
 So now it's perfect again.
 So it actually does kind of where,  oh, and 90s like clothing is vintage and you find it online, like vintage shops a lot.
 So  they're all on trend inadvertently in a few ways.
 And you play, you know, you buy your little  recreation of the Super Nintendo.
 Like grandma is playing a retro 90s game on her VR.
 Yes.
 Great.
  On, on yeah, her Oculus slash Steam thing.
 Siri is a pain in the ass sometimes, much like the oven  is a pain in the ass.
 You know, the voice controlled oven.
 Did the family make it through  COVID? When, when is the future in that thing? Oh, that's a good question.
 I don't know.
 They  don't like to say the year.
 I don't think, or maybe they do say the year.
 I forget.
 I don't think so  though.
 Is that, you know how you only hear the one guy's voice like no privacy.
 Is that because  he's quarantining in the other room in the bathtub? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's been in the bathtub for two weeks.
  Well, they make him.
 Because you know, uncle Warville is sharing some very poorly sized  memes about here's why masks don't work.
 They restrict, they restrict my airflow.
 Creeping  Sharia law.
 Mask mandates hinder my freedom.
 Oh Warville.
 I coughed on a lady at Starbucks  and I'm proud I did.
 I'll say this.
 The creature's choice awards, I think they hit the nail on the  head.
 Like Godzilla still going there.
 They never stopped making Godzilla movies.
 And, and, but this,  this was like a media period where like everything was a lot less fractured.
 There's a, you know,  there's no streaming stuff.
 There's no Twitch.
 There's barely an internet.
 So like you can assume  like everyone saw this thing and is talking about it around the water cooler.
 So like, yeah, everyone  knows the Twilight Zone.
 Everyone knows Godzilla.
 But I'm not sure how they would have done the other  nominees because they were talking about bringing in some IP here and there.
 But like an example of  one of the things in it is there's the category best aliens from outer space.
 And in that it goes  to aliens from Mars and Mars, Martians laser blasts their way into the theater and land on the stage  in a flying saucer.
 That all sounds very cool.
 But like, what are they from? What Martians? Generic  grays, you know, just like generic heads Martian, but like, would it just been a bit been a bunch of  those? Yeah, I mean, Mars attacks is what? Two years later, I think.
 Yeah.
 95.
 So it's not that.
  But yeah, I guess, I guess just generic aliens.
 They were, I mean, they were doing obviously like  great movie ride.
 There were a lot of different properties that would sign on to those things.
  So perhaps, perhaps that's a thing later for an Eisner to work out to call over and get,  you know, get ET, get the rights to ET.
 I don't know if that's going to work.
  That is a problem that Universal has all the monsters.
 They had the monsters in their own park  and they have, I mean, I think a lot of those monsters are technically in the public domain,  but the look of the movie versions, I believe Universal has the copyright to bend in, you know,  let's say they did try to do Godzilla, they would have had to reach out to the Toho company and go,  can we do this? Will you license this? It's so confusing with stuff in the public domain  because like Wizard of Oz is in the public domain, but who, I mean, I guess Disney now owns Wizard,  they own Wizard of Oz, the movie, the original or the second, the second movie.
 Or is it on HBO?  No, no, it's on HBO Max, right? I can literally not remember who owns what at this point.
  Yes, I think so.
 Sony took over the old MGM lot, but Warner Brothers bought the MGM catalog.
  So AT&T owns the ruby slippers and other parts of the movie.
 So you can't use certain parts of  the movie, but we could start production on a new Wizard of Oz tomorrow with Jason as the Wizard of  Oz if we wanted.
 And Mike is Jack Pumpkinhead or whatever.
 And me is Jack Pumpkinhead.
 The one  that shows up in the other books.
 Yes, who's in return to Oz, which we still have to do a Patreon  about.
 When you can do like, you know, Dorothy chronicles like three seasons of her life on the  farm before she has the dream, which I'm sure one of these streamers will do at some point, just like,  like dull event free season after season.
 We're like, but I think in the next one, maybe there's  going to be a little Oz in it and it never happens.
 It's like nine, like nine episodes in.
  It's like, well, we just got a scarecrow has to come and meter, I think, because people are losing  interest.
 It's like that show Gotham, which I watched a little of where it was like, it's about  little Bruce Wayne and the police department in Gotham cut to the next season.
 Every villain is  in it.
 Every Batman villain.
 It's like, just throw more villains at this.
 People just want the  villains.
 They don't want to be the police department.
 I'm looking up like, okay, so we know  that they had the deal with MGM at the time.
 So what would that have gotten them access to? And I,  I'm just skimming, but I'm like, all right, so what did they own? There's some good, the MGM owned  Poltergeist.
 So they could have had some Poltergeist stuff.
 They well know Hannibal is later.
 I don't  think they own Silence of the Lambs and that probably wouldn't fit tonally if the Hannibal  Lecter showed up.
 They own the very depressing thirties movie Freaks.
 So all of the real freaks  could have shown up to get an award.
 Okay.
 That we, yeah, the audience, home run, I say.
  That'd be like sad.
 Like when a very old person makes their last public appearance on the Oscars,  that'd be the moment where we all reflect and tear up.
 I don't, I don't know.
 At a theme park  attraction, you could have the freaks deliver the message.
 Isn't the message of the movie like,  you are the real freaks.
 You treat us like shit.
 A good message.
 I guess I'm assuming from what  I know about that.
 I've never watched it all the way through, but yeah, some of this stuff,  like the messages of some of this stuff, you, like Disney would have had to just take the surface  level monster, the monster you see at party city.
 Yes.
 Generic, not Frankenstein, but,  you know, Boltman.
 Well, you can do Frankenstein, but he couldn't have like the square head.
 He  couldn't have the bolts.
 He'd have to be like a patchwork sewn together man.
 Like, like you,  you see in the Frankenstein movies that try to be a little grittier or a little closer to the book,  which I remember reading at high school and going like, this sucks.
  You just wanted like him to look like Herman Munster.
 Well, yeah, I wanted my friend, my, my,  it's my friend from TV.
 Yeah.
 It was definitely a Munster's kid.
 Yeah.
 They could have, so they  could have had a Wolfman, but not the Wolfman.
 Correct.
 And it's unclear what I would love to  see the language in that, like what they own about Wolfman.
 So like what he can have and what he can't  have if we were to make our own Wolfman, if we were to make Jason Sheridan as the Wolfman,  what can he look like? Does he have to have like his fur has to be a certain length? Does it have  to be a certain color? Can you not have like ripped pants? Does he have to have like a Speedo?  Like does Jason Sheridan Wolfman have to wear like a Speedo or underwear as opposed to like  kind of ripped Hulk pants? I don't know.
 Yeah.
 I are like, maybe this Wolfman, the Creatures Choice  Awards Wolfman wears the, what were the baggy pants with the patterns that were big in the 90s?  Zubas? Zubas.
 Maybe he's like the, the, the slob who shows up to the, whenever a lot of award shows,  there's like one guy who's like, yeah, I'm a slob.
 Like he's the, the weirdo.
 Hey, here's an easy one.
  The invisible man, just a voice.
 You don't see him.
 I like that.
 That would have, we all would have  gotten a kick out of that.
 And if they'd added some thing where like, you know, the award like goes  away on its own.
 Yeah.
 Perfect.
 That's fun for everyone.
 And there's like a, yeah, there's,  there's gotta be, yeah, just put it on a wire or whatever and take it away.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We should  maybe set the scene a little.
 There's not a lot we know about where this is happening, but you do  apparently pass through a lobby where treats are available, like a movie theater and where you'd  have things like buttered fingers.
 That is the example given.
 That's neat.
 And then you sit down  and get ready for the award show.
 And then there's an opening performance by a doo-wop group of  mummies and they are called the sarcophagi guys.
  See, this is pretty good, but there's another thing that like runs me the wrong way of like,  okay, wait, you're concerned about Vincent Price not being current enough, but you're like,  but you know what's timeless doo-wop music that that hits the eight to 80.
 Like there is a string  of like nine eighties, nineties theme park stuff.
 We're like, and then we'll fill that out with some  doo-wop.
 There's a lot of doo-wop around.
 Yeah.
 They wanted it to be great balls of fire,  but Universal was using it for their Beetlejuice show at the time.
 So they couldn't get the rights  to a Hipper song.
 Yeah.
 It had happened 20 years after doo-wop.
 He himself, Rafferty in his book  says he kind of cops to that maybe this wouldn't be the coolest thing to do.
 And that today,  if he were doing it, that the money, he would probably have the joke that the mummies would be  rap artists with a W.
 You see, I'm sure that would be very good.
 I'm sure that would have lasted  longer too.
 Isn't that the same thing as food rocks and the rapper, the food rapper.
  If it ain't broke, don't fix it, you know? And the plus up is so easy.
 You just take off the  tall vanilla ice hair and you just draw a bunch of face tattoos like Post Malone.
 Done and done.
  Just when you get some cobwebs around and just make that the stringy hair of one of these current  weirdos.
 It is interesting.
 It is hard with all this stuff.
 What is a timeless type of,  what would you put, if you were doing it right now, truly, that you were like, well, this is  going to be okay in 20 years, what would you even have them sing? It's like the country.
 Lady,  Lady Goo, Lady Goo, Goo.
 Maybe to, well, Goo Goo is to baby.
 You think baby.
 So how about Lady,  no Goo Ga is the same situation.
 What am I saying? Lady Goo Ga, Lady Ga Goo.
 That fixes it, doesn't it?  Yeah.
 Lady of the Lake Gaga? How about Frady? Frady.
 Frady.
 Frady.
 Frady.
 Frady.
 Frady.
  Okay.
 Frady.
 I just want to put a Frade in all of these people's names.
  Frade makes me laugh.
 Who's timeless enough? You know, well, like John Legend has been popular for,  it feels like 30 years now.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 It's very acceptable on every award show.
  So John Legend, but I also can't like name a lot of John Legend's songs.
 He's just always around.
  And how do you scarify his name? John.
 Legend of the Lake.
 John Curse? No, that's the word  place too hard.
 John.
 Now John.
 John Legend of the abandoned mine.
  I'll take that.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 Works for me.
 We'll circle back around.
 But let's, I mean,  they did have a big star.
 Again, another one where like, oh, your instinct is right.
 He is a guy who  stuck around in confidence.
 Scott, do you have who they did meet with and discuss about being the  like the centerpiece of this endeavor? Yeah.
 Well, I think we said this on the main feed,  if I'm not mistaken, not to build it up too much, but boy, I mean, this is why we're doing it.
 And  hopefully we should use it as the art in the episode because this is really what you got to  talk about.
 Oh yeah.
 He had that the show would be hosted by like kind of a Frankenstein and it was  at some point amended to where the host of the show would be a very specific creature named Eddie  Franken Murphy.
 I just smile when I say it.
 Eddie Franken Murphy.
 And why? Why would Eddie  Franken Murphy be doing this? Well, it came about because Disney was trying to work out deals  with movie stars, get them over to Disney, do a bunch of stuff.
 And Eddie Murphy was being courted  at that time by none other than Jeffrey Katzenberg, Mr.
 Quick Bite himself.
 So because of yet another  thing, a great thing in our world, we can thank Katzenberg for this great concept.
 This picture  that's making us smile only exists because of Jeffrey Katzenberg.
 Well, thank you, Jeffrey.
  Let's always thank him.
 Thank him every day.
 Of Eddie Murphy with like, I mean, we later,  let me screen share the photo just so I mean, we've all been staring at it, I'm sure in  preparation for this, but let's just all look at him together.
  Eddie's got the flat hair and he's got stitches in his forehead and bolts in his neck and he just  looks, he looks like he got dumber kind of in the course of whatever the procedure.
 Well, he's had  a lobotomy, obviously.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So he's got the, yeah, he's got a scar on his forehead.
 They did  some brain activity in there.
 He got brain work.
 This poor sweet man, Eddie Frank and Murphy.
  But he was into it.
 It seems like from the meeting he was into it.
 Well, that's the mind blow for me  is that they didn't just pitch this and what if that was what we did? They went and talked to him.
  I think, I think so actively was Katzenberg pursuing Eddie around that time that he was  just like, I got to, all right, you're going to pitch it to him next week.
 So you had to turn  it around real fast, get this concept art out.
 And Eddie came to Disney, came to Imagineering  with two giant bodyguards and Kevin Ravarty had to give the presentation and say what he would be  doing.
 And as part of this, he ended up doing an imitation to Eddie, of Eddie, doing a James Brown  impression singing, I feel good as the show opener, which so here now, so you're going to  have Eddie Frank and Murphy who just does the regular James Brown song.
 So that, yeah, that  seems, seems weird.
 Yeah.
 Also very bold to go in the pitch with like, well, this is how I'm starting.
  This is what I'm opening with.
 I'm going to open doing an impression of you.
 Hmm.
  Probably not a good idea.
 Maybe not.
 For a couple of reasons.
 Yes.
 Well, yes.
 This is a white  gentleman doing this, playing two black icons at once.
 I mean, he's deprecating.
 He does not seem  to believe that he did a good job.
 He in fact says that Eddie Murphy's bodyguards got up and left the  room because they were laughing so hard at me, not with me, I'm sure.
 They left the room.
  They left.
 They left.
 They were peeing.
 They were assassinated.
 Right.
 The security guards are like  peeing in there.
 Their pants are soaked with urine.
 Like they had to, why did they leave the room?  I don't know about that claim.
 Hmm.
 That seems a bit dubious.
 Yeah.
 Hmm.
 Yeah.
 Full pants.
  You're on there.
 You're on your own, Eddie.
 If this guy tries to kill you, we can't do anything.
  We're peeing our pants at the moment.
 Sorry.
 Some stalker followed him in, like lurked around.
  If one of the, if one of the imaginary robots, animatronics comes in here and strangles you to  death, you're on your own pal.
 We have to go clean ourselves up.
 If like, I mean like building the,  like the Bill Clinton for the hall of presidents around this time.
 If Bill Clinton becomes  possessed and comes in and tries to smack you around.
 Can't do anything about it.
  Oh, we're laughing.
 I do have to give the editors at the Disney publishing some credit because I've  read a little of the Marty Sklar book and this book is also published by Disney Publish It and it's  an imaginary telling of stories and they do a very good job of a consistent tone in these books  where it's like, well, it's a little peek behind the curtain and there's some mischievous  anecdotes, but they stop before the like, and then we killed the open bar that we just drain  that place.
 You know, we stayed up all night.
 All of that, all those rough edges are kind of  polished off.
 And I have to imagine these sort of pitch meetings, like, well, someone cursed,  someone was like, God damn it.
 What are we doing here? Like Bob Gert drinks too much and drives an  Autopia car into like a crowd in a crowded like street corner.
 Parody, parody, satire.
  He crashes it through like a business somewhere, like a flower shop.
 Yeah.
 Cranks it up, huffs the  smoke, huffs the exhaust.
 Gert took an Autopia car on the 101.
  But you just did that back then.
 It was fine.
 People used to jog on the 101, try to outrace  the big cars.
 He grabbed a bunch of small world dolls and threw them in the passenger seat so he  could use the carpool lane.
 Those stories are like in a drawer somewhere in like legal at Disney.
  Oh yeah.
 We'll get the truth.
 We'll get all that.
 I just like, boy, I would love to see every step  of this and that Katzenberg is there.
 I mean, this leads to Shrek ultimately.
 Like really,  this Jeffrey Eddy situation doesn't reach its zenith until Donkey.
 But this is planting the  seeds.
 Might not have happened without Eddie Franken Murphy.
 The thing is though, him hosting  is interesting because Eddie didn't like host a lot of stuff.
 And there was talk about him hosting  the Oscars at one point, which makes me think that if Eddie Franken Murphy was announced as the  host of the Creatures Choice Awards, that probably what would happen is Brett Franken-Ratner, his  producer, would make some Franken homophobic comments, which would cancel the entire thing.
  That's a good point.
 Yeah.
  Brett Franken-Ratner is possessed by some other stuff.
  They're both Frankensteins.
  They would have built that robot and they would have made him sweat realistically.
  You wouldn't have been able to see, he would be like off to the side,  off like you could see him in the wings sort of producing.
 It was sort of an Easter egg.
  Yeah.
 He had a bag full of water balloons to throw at homeless people with Frank and Michael Jackson.
  Michael Franken Jackson.
  Michael Franken Jackson.
  So in your mind, they're going all in on Frank stuff.
  That might be a good plus of everyone's a Frankenstein in this show.
  Everyone's a Frankenstein.
  Yeah.
  It's the Franken Oscars.
 Yeah.
 That's my God.
  And if Al Franken presented, he'd be Al Franken-Frank.
  This is why they pay you the big bucks.
  The other name they talked about floating around, you know, Rafferty talks about like,  all right, I got to research some horror stuff.
 And he went to New York to go to like a Fangoria  convention, see what people were really into.
 And the name that comes up a couple of times is Elvira.
  The horror show host.
 And not a name I would associate with Disney, but I mean, I guess  since it had to be on broadcast TV, jokes were kind of clean, but like, you know, a little bit  of innuendo, certainly revealing outfit.
 The picture, the picture in there, and then the  description is all like when Elvira shows up and maybe you have the exact wording down, Scott.
  The monsters hoot and holler at her.
 They cat call.
 It says cat call.
  Cat calling.
 Yeah.
 Burton opens on Elvira.
 She's reclined on a velvet bourgeois settee.
  Not sure that word.
 You know, a sexy couch is what they mean.
  Sexy couch.
  Yeah.
  One of those real sexy French couches.
  Day bet.
  And she says, oh, stop.
 I swear you're all such monsters.
 Now bend an ear, my darlings,  the nominees for the for best alien invader are.
  I mean, that's what this entire episode is going off of three photographs, basically,  one of which is Godzilla comped into Epcot Center, which is cool.
 That picture is rad.
  I had never seen that before.
 I think it's one of the greatest pieces of concept art I've ever  seen.
 Absolutely worth the cost of the of the ebook.
 A load is that is Godzilla walking  towards spaceship Earth.
 I mean, it does not get better than that.
  And these these Frank and Murphy photos are so great.
 Also that he the sample script that  they have for Eddie Frank and Murphy is.
 Oh, boy, the whole thing.
 I mean, I forgot the thing at  the top as he introduces Elvira agents.
 What are you going to do? That's again, this I think is why  Eisner liked it.
 I think Eisner likes that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Stick it to agents.
  Something that the Florida crowd really is going to love.
 Even the slimy snake in the room doesn't  want to deal with the agents.
 Well, Rafferty talks about like, you know, this is this scene,  one of this part of this was, you know, the integration with Disney Studios and  that that was kind of working when like, oh, well, we can get Katzenberg to bring in Eddie Murphy  for movies and potentially theme park attraction.
 But Rafferty does like make sure to talk about,  like, well, they tried bringing in screenwriters or scriptwriters to like  write for rides and it just wasn't working like they couldn't get that, like, no, you have to do  this in physical space.
 You can't just do anything like in a movie with special effects.
  But I think if the Creatures Choice Awards had gone forward, they would have needed to bring in  some ring, some Bruce Vellanche, you know, Merrill Marco, some ringers to write like,  nobody can do it.
 Nobody can do it like Bruce.
 Yeah.
 Get Bruce.
 Get Franken Bruce.
  I mean, imagine if they fought that far and had a monster, maybe you do maybe a break from Franken  and he's like, what if you take the Vellanche hair and if you don't know who we're talking about,  Bruce Vellanche, this writer who's like wrote all of the pattern jokes on all the award shows in the  80s and 90s and the Star Wars Holiday Special that, you know, and he's like kind of a he's got like  big fuzzy orange hair.
 What if that was just all over him and he was like a monster? You just,  you take the hair and the beard and that's all the full body of the Vellanche.
  It seems like he would look like, he would look like Sully from Monsters, Inc.
 but orange.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 That's really good.
 He'd be like, I feel like kids would want photos with  him.
 Like kids would come up and hug him.
 There'd be a huge line to meet Sully Vellanche.
  Merch out the wazoo for Sully Vellanche.
 Are you kidding me? Like we would be on eBay right now  trying to get like, okay, I finally tracked down the kitchen cabaret tea towel that everyone wants  and I got a Sully Vellanche.
 They discontinued it, but I got the Sully Vellanche.
  Imagine like, and then he's like, maybe he's still got the glasses, but over the  fur and I don't know if he has eyes or doesn't or it's just, or he's like a cousin it just with  glasses over no eyeballs.
 You know, most of our, our art requests are for things of us or especially  Jason, but man, if anybody was bored and wanted to make a Bruce Vellanche monster,  who's like cute, who's like, yeah, who's cute.
 And we all like him.
  This seems like, you know, I know it seems like we're going in a Franken based direction,  but I did write down some pitches for like awards presenters of like some 90s monster stars,  please, because there's so little way we're almost done with what we know about the show.
  There's barely any info about the thing.
 Yeah.
 So I have a short list of stars of the 90s and  then stars of today.
 I think you could eventually work in.
 They might be a little too off the  beaten path.
 I'm going to start kind of with the weirder ones.
 Campbell's skull.
 That's a  Campbell Scott.
 It's like, so it might be too, but how about a sitcom? How about a funny man? How  about Dabney Kilman? So it's like Dabney Coleman, but he's got like a butcher knife.
  This would be an odd award show.
 Even the regular human versions.
  Well, I'm not saying it's the same one.
 You know, you got to have a long list so you can whittle  it down.
 Reba Mackin trails.
 So Reba McIntyre, but she's like carrying her like she's like a  zombie.
 Got her guts spilling out.
 Reba McIntyre has her guts in her hands.
  And then this last one, because she's been in the news a little lately, but was kind of at the height  of her fame in the 90s.
 Kirstie Alien.
 Cause she seems like she's from another freaking planet,  right? You read some of these tweets that diet plan.
 Jason, you got to believe in them.
 She  believes in Kirstie Aliens.
 Jason, I think you got a little blanch in you.
 Honestly.
  I would love, I would love to take a crack at some award shows or some events writing.
  Jason is getting Bruce.
 I would love it.
 That would be great.
 I would love to have Bruce's career.
  But what about stars of today? You know, we need something.
 It's going to need a redo.
  We can stay in the Disney family for some of these.
 Morgue trainer.
 That's a Megan  trainer.
 One.
 Yeah.
 Morgan trainer.
 I got a Morgan trainer.
 Yeah.
 I guess that's pretty good.
  I think this might be my best one though.
 This next one, uh, goblin, Manuel Miranda.
  That got a laugh.
 Goblin, Manuel Miranda.
 That is good.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 And then, uh, the last one,  I just had big foot.
 Like I just kind of ran out and that seems like it was kind of on the money  though.
 Cause we ended up kind of creating a Sasquatch big foot esque phalanche man.
 So except  he's short.
 I think he's like, cause isn't Bruce short Bruce phalanche.
 I don't believe he's short.
  Is he not short? I see.
 I've seen Bruce flinch performing an Aladdin show seven years ago.
  He was in that he was though.
 He played the widow Twankey.
  The what's what character I wasn't familiar with in the story of Aladdin.
 That show featured  Ben Verene is the genie.
 Richard Karn is the Sultan.
 Uh, and Bruce Vellanche is the widow Twankey.
  All right.
 Bruce is not as for my whatever reason, I thought Bruce was taller.
 Bruce is only five,  seven.
 I apologize.
 I was incorrect.
 The widow Twankey is larger than life though.
  When I was seeing the widow Twankey on stage, I thought, Oh, Bruce must be six, one.
  Um, I, well, I mean like what would they actually have, you know, what they would have done is like  a reference to, you know, Jack Palance because around this time he won for city slickers and  then like did, and then did a one-armed pushup.
 Um, so, you know, like phantom ants.
 No, that's not  good.
 Jack-o-lantern plants.
 Jack-o-lantern plants.
 Got the pumpkin head.
 Easy.
 Could Jack be like,  uh, the skeleton that Joker turns them into when the first Batman.
 Oh, that's right.
  Oh, that's pretty good buzzer and he kills them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, I, yeah.
 What do you need to,  Oh, what if like, um, could they have done an in memoriam, but it's for like creatures who haven't  haven't died yet.
 Like it's a somber thing for people who are stuck being alive still.
  That's going to be tough though, cause you gotta really watch that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, because that'll, yes.
 Someone does.
 Well, then maybe you make them all up.
  That's all like, you know, it's a bunch of like bats and goblins.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, no real people.
 I got a pitch on that that would only make it through soft openings and  would immediately get yanked.
 You would say in memoriam after the show and you cut to people in  the audience and immediately the feedback is like, are you threatening to kill me at this theme park?  And they're like, Oh God, we got to cut the, we all like, no, we all liked the memoriam at the  friends and family preview.
 It was a big hit, but it really freaked out the kids.
 We accidentally  got a kid on screen.
 They thought we were going to kill a kid at the Hollywood and vine restaurant  and now they're crying.
 So we got to cut it.
 That's yeah, that's a not, that's a not scary farm  universal horror nights pitch.
 Yeah.
 I think, yeah, that's, that's more for like the hanging  or that purge thing that got shut down for like calling 15, pulling 15 year olds on stage and  calling them skanks or whatever happened that shut that down.
 Well, that's another thing that would  have been a problem for updating is that for like the big heart icons nowadays, I feel like our  uh, Blumhouse stuff and the purge and that's all at university.
 Universal's gone all in on that for  a lot of their horror based things.
 Yeah.
 I think the securing of the IP and the getting the tone  right would have been tough.
 Like I think it would have been hard to make this thing genuinely scary.
  If that was the idea, I think it probably would have been cute, scary, probably would have been in  haunted mansion territory.
 Yeah.
 I, yeah, Disney, I mean, obviously alien counter, they tried and  then it seems like they'll never go that scary again.
 And especially with your safe Chaypec  Eiger regime.
 Yeah.
 There's no way.
 Yeah.
 Which this is the risk era again.
 I, I, our continual  thesis that the, the Eisner hatred out there doesn't make any sense.
 Like this didn't get built,  look at this time where this guy's making like working on five hypothetical insane attractions  at once.
 One of them got built.
 It's one of the greatest rides ever.
 This thing, now we get to  look at this crazy Eddie Murphy picture.
 Um, and that's just, it's just a small fraction of what  uh, Eisner was making possible.
 Rafferty seems to have loved pitching to Eisner, just like anything  go, he would hear anything out.
 And uh, you know, it was a really open time.
 Um, I, I, this  vilification, I will never understand the joy he's given us.
 I know.
 I guess, I guess I get it that  like the last few years weren't the best decisions, but look where we wouldn't even be here if it  weren't for the man.
 Yeah.
 And I got to say, I think the thing that appeals to me, even though  like, yes, Eisner was seen very big on like the Hollywood schmoozing, all the schmoozing joke in  the nineties, all that garbage.
 But like, I feel like the, the thing where Rafferty is saying like,  oh, I got two sentences out and Eisner said it was a home run.
 It does feel like he did go by the  gut.
 Like he went with a gut feeling and it would send people off to develop stuff based on like a  hunch or a gut feeling.
 Whereas now there's so much of like all the stuff you hear about of like,  what are the quadrants? How does this test? Well, how does this tie in with the toy division and the  home entertainment division, the streaming division? Like it's like, oh God, there's so  many hurdles nowadays.
 And it's like, I'm sure there were plenty of hurdles back then, but it's  like, well, a little bit of madness can be helpful or a little bit of gut feeling, you know?  Well, it's not as algorithm me back then.
 It seemingly it's not as like just we put it,  we punch in like, okay, this is the top earning film and we're making two more of them.
 And that's  what we must do.
 If somebody came in with a dumb idea, he would at least like entertain it.
  Yeah.
 Now dumb ideas seem like that don't there's not even on the table.
 It's not possible.
  I feel like enabled an auteur like system almost within Imagineering.
 I wonder if like,  maybe I think people might agree with that.
 Like from from talking to Tony Baxter and hearing  stories from all these people, like in books like this, it does seem like he I have trouble  like naming a studio executive who may have been this way, but it's like, you know, there's  executives who you might say he might've been Eisner himself might've been one where like,  yeah, he was gross and bad and greenlit this commercial crap.
 But like, look, he like let  these four auteurs go make this crazy movie.
 There was a guy, Mike DeLuca at New Line Cinema  enabled all of the, you know, Paul Thomas Anderson movies and Austin Powers and, you know, things  that are all more interesting than anything that happens today.
 I do.
 I feel like Eisner was one  of those in a way, like, you know, you have your complaints, but if you get on his good side,  you maybe get to make your crazy thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Look, we have to get it.
 We have to figure  out a way to get him on so we can keep this praise upon him.
 Another thing we like.
 We also.
  I want to ask you guys this just because it's fresh on my mind.
 Do you have any, I'm not saying,  I'm not saying they're close.
 This is just almost like me recommending a similar band,  like a band that I know is lesser, but just has it occurred to either of you to ever  also be fond of Brandon Tartikoff? And do you know why I'm saying this at NBC? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I've read the live from New York book and I feel like he is a character, a regular character in  that.
 Yeah, he comes up a lot.
 I just like, he's not nearly as prolific as Eisner, but I bring him  up because he like, I was talking about him the other day and he like jammed himself into a lot  of things where he did very stiff performances as himself.
 Not nearly as much as Eisner, but  you know, like he like saved by the bell.
 He does this very stiff appearance where he like  is in the gangs video about not doing drugs.
 I've got a hit idea for the fall season,  say no to dope.
 There's no hope with dope.
 I think is what it is.
 Or he was on, he was on  ALF as himself.
 He hosted Saturday Night Live and was extremely dull doing so.
 I just was thinking  like for the way we like Eisner, if we like very flat appearances from executives and things,  I just want to like put a little spotlight on Tartikoff too.
 I was not aware that he made so  many appearances.
 I did just put him in Google and a picture, a very Eisner-esque picture of  him wearing like a hat and like t-shirt and sport coat just popped up.
 He's a little Eisner.
 I'm not  saying he's close.
 This is like Mike, when we were texting how like, oh, if you like the Doobie  brothers, you might like little feet.
 This is like one of them.
 This is an algorithm.
 I just like,  check out, look up Tartikoff on Saved by the Bell and ALF.
 If you want to know, if Eisner's not  giving you enough charisma-free cameos and you want a little more, check out Tartikoff.
  Has this conversation ever happened on the planet Earth? I believe you have actually initiated  something that I am confident has never happened before.
 Oh yeah, you like when Michael Eisner  appears and shit? You got to check out Tartikoff, man.
 That's never happened.
 This is the first time  I can easily say.
 With the tone of like recommending wines to each other or strains of weed,  with the just confidence and familiarity of.
.
.
 Yeah, and look, yeah, I just like people having  a good time.
 So if you're riding high on that Eisner shit, then I just think you might want  to chase it with a little Tartikoff.
 Like everything else on the show we talk about,  I think probably gets talked about in different terms.
 Like people have talked about Donald Duck's  butt for a long time.
 They haven't called it C.
 We say C.
 That's a fun little way to do it.
 And  it's an original, but no Tartikoff talk in relation to his appearances like Eisner.
 I'm almost  confident.
 I think that there are.
.
.
 Well, I know because I was having a conversation like this,  that people are fond of Tartikoff's dull appearances and things.
 That's not new.
  Right.
 Maybe recommending it like a ban.
 That's what I'm saying.
 The specific way  because then, I mean, look, prove us wrong, audience.
 If you've previously talked about how  you like Brandon Tartikoff's cameos, you'll see though, and I don't want to build it up too  much.
 Eisner obviously is better, but they could have toured together and with Tartikoff as opening  act.
 I would have gone to this, a live show of executives speaking very flatly and without  charisma at the Greek theater.
 Would there be like a killers executive, like four killers of  executive performances tour? Oh, like the Kings of Executive, what's the banter?  Right.
 Well, I haven't seen much footage of them.
 Oh, look at that.
 What a champ.
  That's an Eisner-esque photo.
 He's wearing a weird weekly world news shirt with Batboy on it.
  With the Batboy cover.
 He's a kook.
 I'm going to pitch, I mean, these are more RC cola to Eisner's  coke, but the people that I think of in this vein, not in the vein of on-camera appearances,  but by kind of eccentric going for their gut that have come up before Card Walker,  the former head of Disney, who was kind of the head as Epcot was opening and Jay Stein,  who was the head of either MCI or Universal and was as they were developing the Florida Park.
  And I think he was like a cigar chomping kind of like old Hollywood kind of weirdo.
  So like if you believe in it, go out and do it.
 And he's like a old bastard, but  yeah, made good stuff possible.
 Yeah.
 So but less, less the whole package than Eisner,  but elements of Eisnery sort of like, I don't know, you might know a little better.
  My gut says, go try it.
 You know, I yeah, yeah.
 No, no acting though, unfortunately,  as far as I'm aware.
 No, Card Walker might have been, I think there's footage of him like cutting  the ribbon at Epcot or presenting it, but nothing like, you know, telling like Goofy to pick up the  slack or whatever.
 Well, here's what I will tell me if I'm wrong, I will cut this out if it's crazy  should in the future doesn't have to be right away.
 We try to find the best producer executive  performance of all time.
 See what we can find on YouTube.
 We each bring to the table what we found  the most obscure executives in their most obscure cameos on TV shows and in promotional videos.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I like that guy.
 I like the Six Flags guy who had a shaved head and he's like,  and I'm not Mr.
 Six, contrary to popular belief.
 How about, okay.
 I have another pitch for this idea.
  Producers performance awards.
 That's a good name for it.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Or executive performance awards.
 Yeah.
 And we will give out awards for these  to the executives and their performances.
 The most entertaining.
 And is the criteria almost,  it's like, how exciting can it be while still being inherently flat? Right.
 Yeah.
 I watched  this last week.
 There was the blue loop expo, the big themed entertainment and museum kind of  trade publication.
 And they did like a virtual conference based out of London.
 Like everything  was on British summertime.
 And I watched some of those panels and I was like, oh man, without  like cocktail parties and free food buffets, these are just very dry presentations.
 But like  one of them was Eddie Soto, the ex-imagineer and just a little bit of energy, just a little bit of  charisma goes a long way on these kinds of presentations.
 Very interesting info on a lot  of them, but yeah, some very dry stuff.
 Yeah.
 We don't want to have you watched this.
  Huh? And you chose to watch this.
 I watched like 90 minutes of these.
 I went to virtual booths  for manufacturers.
 I couldn't screen grab anything.
 I, the screen grab you couldn't really do on video  because I was trying to record.
 There was a very funny presentation video about universal Beijing  and some of the local big star performers from China that they got to go like the minions are  here.
 Get ready for mischief.
 Like in subtitles.
 So that was fun, but nothing, nothing I really  didn't know about that park.
 I feel like we're, we're winding into the end of this thing.
 I just  want to point out one more thing, which is when, when Eddie introduces Elvira, he says,  my favorite mistress of the dark, the loveliest creature known to creaturedom Elvira stage  direction smoke pours out of Eddie's ears.
 Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 I have that written.
 Yeah.
  If it ain't broke, that gag always works.
 You know, is it because he's turned on or is it  just because he's a monster made of steam? I think it's cause he's very horny.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What would happen to his face though? Cause a robot can't do that much.
 So would he just  kind of say it and then smile and then smoke or does, or like, does he look shameful? Like he peed  his pants.
 The eyes go googly.
 Cause an animatronic, the jaw can't drop and the tongue  roll out.
 That would be the cartoon version, but like the eye, you can make an animatronics eye  spin or head like spin.
 I mean, I think that's probably what you'd have to do  the way.
 And he's, when people get boners, he knocks over the podium with his boner.
  Like, like very long.
 Cause he's like a mechanical creature, right on the pin on the, on like, it's  on a hinge.
 The podium is on a pin.
 So it just like kind of like, like it falls forward.
  I'd like to imagine that in this meeting that like maybe Eddie's on the fence.
 He's like,  I don't know how I feel about that James Brown song.
 That's weird that this guy did that.
 Like  if he, if he, they're losing him at all, maybe Katzenberg steps in and like, and by the way,  we can make these robots to any dimension we want.
 So for example, if you wanted to have a giant  boner that knocked the whole podium over that we can do that, we can easily do that.
  And the security guards are laughing as they leave again.
 Like,  Frank, their fans soup their pants.
 Yeah.
 Well, assuming that that happened, assuming that  Eddie Frank and Murphy had a Frankenboner that knocked the podium over, I think that we're  really missing it.
 This could have been really one of the greats.
 Yeah.
 And this is, this for  sure.
 I mean, we would have liked this a lot and I would imagine it was like, like I would imagine  in a different timeline, it just closed two years ago.
 I think so.
 It would have been on that weird  list of, all right, so it's just going to be seasonal.
 Now we'll open it when people want  air conditioning.
 Half of it's broken.
 And you know, and we all would have like made our significant  others go and they'd be like, no, not this guy.
 I don't want to see the creature's choice again.
  That's what we're missing.
 We gotta see pictures of all of us in front of the poster for Eddie Frank  and Murphy's standup special raw meat.
 Man, Jason Vellanche strikes again.
 Oh man.
 This guy's  firing on all cylinders.
 Don't get Bruce, get Jason.
 Yeah, let's get you.
 Yeah.
 Somebody who  hired Jason, no, right.
 These jokes for something.
 Yeah.
 Your own scary award show, your virtuals,  anyone could do a virtual creatures choice award and should pull it together for Halloween.
 You  got time.
 This feels like they could use it.
 Like they should not, not scary farm should just steal  this and make this into a live show.
 Just steal the concept, change the name.
 It doesn't have to be.
  I mean, Alvira, they had Alvira for years.
 Bring her back, get her back.
 Yeah, that is another one  where it's like, Oh, their instincts were right.
 Everyone knew Alvira did a residency on a theme  park.
 Everyone knew Godzilla.
 Everyone knew Twilight zone.
 Like that there's a reason the  Imagineers are paid the big bucks.
 You know, an Eddie Murphy impression essentially entertains  people at a waffle cart all around the globe.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, they predict it all, it all came  true.
 And this was a pioneer.
 And it's so sad that we don't get to, I'm going to be in the creatures  choice awards in my dreams every night for a while.
 Yeah.
 And as, and, and, and, you know,  and I'll be laughing so much when I think about it that I'll be in stitches.
  Nice.
 Jason, Jason, he'll punch that up for me.
 Credit to Jason.
 And you survived on, I guess,  the fright, the cemetery gate.
 That was a long episode to come out of like five sentences.
  There's like no source material.
 So it really shows you what, what we can do with just a little  grit and determination and a tiny amount of theme park facts.
 That's right.
 You know, we  had to warm up a little, just like the writers for award shows, you know, it's 90 minutes or two  hours, however long the award shows goes, but they start working a few weeks before it.
 You gotta  work your way into it to find the gold.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We, we, we, we hit a lot.
 We hit a Tinkerbell  Regeneron.
 We hit a lot of, a lot of fun topics.
 And more to come.
 We, we got one more coming on  haunt cast the freight, the cemetery game more on the main feed, obviously, but, but one more over  here and our next topic.
 I'm so excited about it.
 I think it's one that nobody could predict.
 And  yet when you hear it, it is essential to the Halloween experience.
 I can't wait for next week.
  I got a lot of work to do between now and then.
 Yeah.
 To give a little behind the scenes, much  like Rafferty gave us a behind the scenes in his book.
 When I said, do we want to do that one  Saturday? Scott said, I, I'm sorry.
 I try not to do this too often.
 I'm not ready.
 I need more time.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I have a lot, I have a lot to look at.
 You'll, you'll understand when you hear it.
  So, yeah, back to the crypt for me.
 And yeah, hey, join, join us back here behind the cemetery  gate next week and we'll see on the main feed and a happy, happy hauntings, happy, happy,  and hauntings, freaking hauntings.
