 Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright, The Cemetery Gate, a surprise one last bonus, one of these  that I'm springing on Mike and Jason right now.
  They don't know what the plan is, we're flying blind, but something came up and I had to pull you guys in on it and just put you on the spot.
  Oh my gosh, so wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
 So the thing that we've prepared is out the window is what you're saying.
  Not entirely, we'll do it and I'll keep this short, this will just be like a little mini bonus thing and I'll take care of it, I'll edit it and throw it up on Patreon.
  But I figure, you know, the clock's ticking, we're recording this on Halloween, so what I'm talking about isn't going to be relevant after today.
  So I figure we can small talk about this or we could just get it on the air and I think you'll understand the urgency once I present it.
  I just want to say either of you can tell me, spring a new episode on me at any time.
  I love the excitement, I don't care if I've prepared, we'll do it another time.
  I love it, I get a little adrenaline high from this, so let's do it, I'm ready.
  There's something to it, it's like a positive prank, it's like a prank it forward, there's no victims here.
  Exactly.
  I think we're all going to benefit, including the audience, and I might as well just dive right in because a couple nights ago I realized that I had to let you guys know about a little event that I guess this might be the last day of it.
  And the event is called Chuck E.
 Cheese's Halloween Boo-tacular.
  So I pulled up the screen here, you're looking at a picture of current Chuck E.
 Cheese smiling, sort of weird, I don't know how I feel about this smile.
  I don't hate him, I don't hate it.
  It's a little annoying selfie or something.
  But you know, he's in a cape and vampire wings or what have you.
  But so, it just occurred to me to look, I just put into YouTube Chuck E.
 Cheese Halloween expecting to find some weird robot show from 25 years ago.
  Instead I discovered they're doing things this year, and this might be a shock because we've heard bad things from this company this year.
  They've filed for bankruptcy, but that doesn't mean they're done.
  And of course all the ones near us are closed, but across the country, and I know Colorado specifically, I don't know all the other, I didn't look up what's open and what's not.
  But not only are they open, they're trying to pull people back into the fold with a big Boo-tacular event.
  I mean that's good news, that points the way to the future.
  There is a future to Chuck E.
 Cheese, and they present it as the number one safe, family-friendly Halloween celebration in the country.
  Click here to see how much unbelievable fun we're having.
  So among the things that they're offering at this event is a pumpkin pepperoni pizza.
  Okay.
  No!  Yeah, right, sounds like an abomination doesn't it?  Even we get treat experimental here, but that doesn't sound right.
  That's a Frankenstein's monster.
  I'd try, I'll try a slice.
  Well here's what's good, is that it isn't quite what you're thinking.
  I don't think that there is pumpkin as a component, and maybe this is a misleading title,  because really it should be called I think a Jack-o-lantern pepperoni pizza, because look here it is.
  Oh, okay.
  It's cute, it's a face like a Jack-o-lantern.
  It's a face like a Jack-o-lantern.
  They will take pepperonis and make a border, and then make a spooky smile with little,  not only the pepperoni eyes, but two little olive pupils, and then up at the top they have stretched  some extra dough up to make it a delicious pumpkin stem.
  Stem, like a vestigial tail.
  It's weird, with no cheese on it, no pepperoni on it, that's just pure crust up there.
  Just Pasquale's pizza skin tag.
  Maybe the worst phrase ever said on the show.
  Really vile.
  Yeah, Jesus.
  So yeah, that's weird.
  There's also a little, let's see, they're offering other stuff like Oreo butacular brownies,  Dippin' Dots, I scream, like an eye and then a scream, which is something that an eye can't do.
  This thing is, okay, so it's chocolate syrup, gummy worms, and a gummy eyeball.
  From the photo, I have to say it looks like one of Bugmane's beloved dirt cups.
  I also saw it and thought of Bugmane's beloved dirt cup, yes.
  Yes indeed, Buzz Buzz dirt cup.
  And then, I actually didn't clock this when I was eyeing this page, orange cotton candy.
  There's no further theming or name there, it's just in a bag.
  Doesn't it just look like a bread loaf?  It looks like some sort of a bag you'd find at the hospital they collected by a lot of a human body,  and it doesn't even look like cotton candy, it looks like liquid or something.
  It's like post-lipo.
  Your weird fat innards that got removed.
  Exactly what it is.
  You can get your fat removed at a Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  I mean, yeah, it's becoming also a makeshift hospital.
  Munch performs the surgery on you at a Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Me Dr.
 Munch now, pick up day job.
  Well, Munch does, actually Munch's other work is really maybe the primary reason I'm bringing this  up.
 Here you're looking at Mr.
 Munch's Monster Mashup, which is an event that occurs every  half hour on the 30 minute mark.
  I'll kind of return to that.
  This treat bags, whatever, whatever.
  The thing that really made me want to spring this on you guys is this aspect of the event.
  DJ Munch's glow party.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  There's never been a more enticing party I've ever heard in my life.
  When I thought about just calling the episode DJ Munch's glow party, but I figured let that be a  little surprise in the center of this candy.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  On Friday and Saturday nights, the lights go down and DJ Munch turns it up with a mix of high energy  music videos to get the party going.
  This is like an extra, this is an upcharge event like Disneyland would have for just $14.
99 per  child.
  Get 30 minutes of all you can play an upgraded glow treat bag.
  Upgraded what?  From what?  That includes three glow bracelets.
  So this is like, this is a kid's rave.
  This is their plan to get people back in.
  In this germ conscious world.
  Yeah.
  A little glow in kids raves.
  Wow.
  This is great.
  I mean, I loved a glow fest at Disney's California Adventure, which, you know,  segued into Tron.
  All like very family friendly neon raves.
  Yeah.
  You know, in general, I think I like that, like attempt at modern reference within themed  entertainment.
  Usually it's so wrong and any attempt of theme parks or Chuck E.
 Cheese or anything to do like  rock music was always real bad.
  And I'd say rap too, always sort of a rough go.
  I have no real problem with the collision of raves and DJ culture.
  Oh yeah.
  It's always kind of cute and fun.
  The Tron, I really, the Tron party was so odd because they were playing the like very,  very spooky kind of Daft Punk, like instrumental tracks.
  And then there would just be guys in Tron outfits just throwing frisbees around and like  big creepy chairs.
  Like it was cool.
  It was weird.
  Yeah.
  Those big, like, I don't know.
  I can't remember the Tron terminology, but they're like the big, they're like the giant  staples that follow you around.
  Yeah.
  Those called giant staples, giant staple laser staples.
  But there's one of those at the entrance.
  Yeah.
  Those that we should do a whole episode about the Tron party.
  Yeah.
  And that was just before like, or as the redo of California Adventure started up.
  So it was never super crowded.
  Like I remember family visiting once and we were there on a weeknight at like 1130 PM  and it's just us.
  It's just no one else around except us and some Tron guys.
  So you have a, you have time to have a conversation with all the stilt people?  Yes.
  And the Bowie DJ guy?  Yes.
  Oh, and it was like January and a cold snap had happened.
  So it's like 40 degrees outside.
  And that arcade.
  Yeah.
  That was, that was all great.
  The arcade.
  Yeah.
  I was just looking at photos of Glowfest before Tron.
  Do you guys remember?  Oh, I didn't realize that Glowfest was a different.
  Yeah.
  Glowfest was a different thing that happened before Tron.
  And then of course, after Tron is the Mad Tea Party.
  Yeah.
  So there's a whole trilogy of festivals at California Adventure.
  Yeah.
  We call this like, do we theme it all as a month?  It's like, is there a month free that you can insert a race?  Or rave month.
  It was rave month.
  Rock and rave.
  Because there was rock at the Mad Tea Party, of course.
  But there was also an element of raving at the Mad Tea Party.
  Yes.
  Because DJ White Rabbit would of course spin some tunes.
  Yeah.
  The band needs a break every now and then.
  Yeah.
  Alice in the Mad Hatter would take a break and DJ White Rabbit would get everyone pumped.
  Well, that might take things right into this.
  Because I think now it's time that you see what DJ Munch is all about.
  Yes.
  And when I click the other tab, it'll reveal it right away.
  DJ Munch appears to be a dead mouse.
  Oh my god.
  Munch now has a big plastic head.
  With an abstract version of his face.
  This is fantastic.
  Yes.
  Exactly what I was thinking.
  I think this has been a.
.
.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese has been a rough franchise for me lately.
  Like none of it comes close to the robot era.
  And this is kind of the first thing where I'm like, I think they're cracking it.
  I think they're paving a path to the future.
  This is good.
  Yeah.
  Agreed.
  DJ Munch is sure to get your toes tapping as he performs a special DJ mashup  of some of our favorite Chuck E.
 songs.
  Wow.
  Now get ready for this mega mix of Chuck E.
 classy.
  And I think you'll be pretty pleased with where this goes.
  All right.
  I have a guess, but go ahead.
  DJ Munch, take it away.
  Jesus, hanging with my friends.
  Hop out of bed like a kangaroo.
  I just make it through all the morning things I got to do.
  I brush my teeth till I get them both shiny.
  Just soak it in the bath tub, it's where you're gonna find me fresh.
  The song we love so much, Another Chuck E.
 Day.
  Yeah.
  Now remixed into, I guess, their version of 24K Magic.
  Yes.
  That's really good.
  Yeah.
  And then you've edited Munch in there instead of Chuck.
  Yeah.
  And so what am I look?  Is this rendered or is this actually a practical?  I can't figure that out.
  I think it is practical, right?  This is a puppet situation, I believe.
  The way that they do things.
  At the beginning, there's kind of a setup where he's regular Munch  and then he pulls this helmet on.
  Okay.
  And the glow of the eyes light up.
  Kind of looks like Marshmallow, the one, the very popular DJ nowadays.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of got a little Marshmallow vibe.
  But yes, Def Pop definitely too.
  God, this is the first new Chuck E.
 character I would buy a toy of.
  Big time.
  I would buy new DJ Munch.
  I want high quality figures of all the classic looks for Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  They've never made them, but I would buy this.
  This is fantastic.
  Yeah.
  I wonder if they will or is there even just like a,  you know what this would be great for?  Not that anyone uses these anymore, but like antenna toppers for their cars.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Jack in the box.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Right on.
  It looks just like that.
  It's like as clean as Jack's head.
  I like it aesthetically.
  I think they have nailed it.
  I'm so happy to give praise to Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  It feels like it's been a while and I think they're doing great here.
  Yeah.
  I need to have a kid.
  I got to get to this party.
  I said I got to have a kid to get to this party.
  Oh, now you?  Yeah.
  I wasn't going to do it before.
  This is what's going to push over the edge.
  But I got to have an excuse to get to this rave.
  Yeah.
  Well, and by the time all that would play out, you know,  then it might be vaguely safe to be in a Chuck E.
 Cheese again  if they don't all close anyway before that is possible.
  Can we join like Bain Capital or something and somehow get the rights  to Chuck E.
 Cheese when they go bankrupt so we can control the franchise?  That sounds like a better plan for us than, you know,  than being podcasters.
  I mean, in a lot of ways, I think.
  For sure.
  That would be better for us.
  Yeah.
  PTR, we just established a private equity firm, PTR Private Equity.
  Yeah, sure.
  We just scoop up all of these like IPs that are struggling.
  Yeah, that's what we should do.
  We've been talking about this for years.
  That's how we do it.
  That's the way to do it.
  This laundry list of things we want to buy.
  That's the way.
  So then we don't then we then we're presenting ourselves to like the crooks  who run the six flags or whatever.
  Now suddenly we get a meeting because they see equity in the name.
  Right.
  Like, oh, yes, so we must meet them.
  Yes.
  Any equity people.
  This is make children leave.
  Get out of here.
  We want to talk.
  You need to talk to these equity folks.
  This is worth investigating to see how easy this would be to set up.
  I know we could get dark money backing theme parks are huge,  very popular in the Middle East and China.
  There is money going around out there, you know?  Also, doesn't that need to be like the future of our show in general?  Like, I think we need to like whenever travel is possible again,  maybe we can get like work visas.
  Maybe we can justify it with our equity firm.
  Like they'll let us take planes.
  And we because like nothing new is getting built anymore in America.
  I think it's becoming clear.
  So we have to go to China, to UAE and all these places.
  And that's how I think we're going to get like another couple of years of life on the show  is by maybe just do we just have to move to Dubai?  Yeah.
  General.
  And every day Jason can climb the building like Tom Cruise.
  Like Tom Cruise.
  In Mission Impossible 4.
  It's his commute.
  Yeah.
  Every there's probably like a new theme park on every floor.
  Like monthly they're opening a new floor of an indoor skyscraper theme park.
  Yeah, that's the way that's sustained this.
  And you can bet I will develop some sort of impenetrable accent like Lindsay Lohan  when she was hired to be a tourism ambassador for Turkey.
  I never heard that, but I know exactly what you're talking about.
  Like, yeah, this this new bizarre.
  I mean, in the way that Madonna pioneered the unplaceable accent that combines 20 accents.
  Johnny Depp, of course, also has that accent.
  Oh, you're right.
  Where you're like, you're not you're an American guy.
  This is what it's what Krasinski is going to sound like in like 10 months.
  It's like real close to the confusing.
  Yeah.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  I'm John Krasinski.
  That's maybe even too on the nose, honestly.
  That's too English.
  That's not not vague enough.
  You have to make it not lean any direction.
  Hello.
  Doesn't fall into 20 categories.
  It's very difficult.
  John Krasinski.
  John Krasinski.
  Just keep practicing.
  Yeah, I'll work on it.
  Just say the name 100 times.
  John Krasinski.
  Anyway, the the last component of this is just here to go to go backwards to.
  It's confusing because DJ Munch's glow party.
  That's only Fridays and Saturdays.
  Every day all day, there's Mr.
 Munch's Monster Mashup featuring Chuck E's Bootastic Dance.
  For this, they seem to have teamed up with another one of our great franchises, Kidz Bop.
  They've there's a whole block you can watch of Kidz Bop, Chuck E Cheese combo music videos  where they do things that we like like Monster Mash and I forget what else, you know, they do.
  This is Halloween from Nightmare Before Christmas.
  But what really sparked me was Chuck E beginning his bootastic dance with which they put up in  full quality.
  And here's a real sign of the time.
  This is Halloween 2020 Encapsulated.
  Let's give each other enough space spread out at least six feet apart and let's dance.
  Follow me.
  Just slap your arms like a bad ass.
  That was that.
  I was watching that with Aaron, my wife, who said that was where she stopped and was like,  children are going to be so fucked up from this for so many years.
  Like you'll be describing to a therapist way down the road.
  And then I just then Chuck E Cheese said I have to stay six feet apart.
  And if I was too close to if I was close enough to touch anyone that I had to step away.
  Yes, I've heard this from people with young children.
  This is a problem.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm really happy my baby doesn't know what's going on.
  But at the current rate, will he live his entire childhood in this?  You might have time to learn.
  It's pot.
  Who knows?  We'll see.
  I think it's all vaccine based at this point because the whole everybody be good to each other  ain't going to work too good.
  That we're all in this together.
  You know, just a few more unwatchable Zoom TV shows or Zoom reunions.
  It's just it's going to be great.
  We're going to loop around.
  Everything will have reunited like five times.
  It'll be the fifth annual.
  Yeah.
  Hello, I'm John Krasinski.
  Good to see the office cast again for the fifth.
  Again, too British.
  It's tough.
  Yeah, it's tough.
  Yeah, it's really hard.
  That was a that was very depth ish.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that's good as the base.
  But yeah, if you can somehow take the British out, take the English off it.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, so this is great.
  I mean, if you're hearing this when this is hopefully up on on Halloween later today,  as we record this and you're looking for Halloween activities to do and you are in  one of the states where the governor hasn't demanded the Chuck E.
 Cheese be closed.
  And if you were if you have a child, so they'll let you in.
  And if you're willing to take the germ risk for you and your child,  you got to check out the bootastic.
  Dracula.
  Yeah, I just realized that a lot of these videos you can watch at home with your kids,  but half of this web page is encouraging encouraging you like come in and get the  Halloween food and the Halloween deals to enjoy inside, not to get to go.
  You can get them to go, but don't you want to do it here inside the store?  Yeah.
  And do you?  I don't know.
  I don't really know if you want your kid playing in a ball pit right now with other kids.
  I mean, potentially not ever.
  Well, right.
  I mean, ball pits are tough.
  And also, again, I'm not like, you know, I'm not being around a bunch of other,  you know, babies of my baby's age.
  I imagine that the risk if you're a two or three year old,  if you're if you're raising a two or three year old, like they get sick all the time  and then you get sick.
  I mean, for like for sure, for the next six months, any type of sick that anyone gets,  everyone will immediately assume it is the coronavirus.
  Even if it is just like a mild cough for a little bit.
  I know I'm feeling this way.
  Like, yeah, like my voice is slightly raspy, probably because I did a podcast or something.
  And I'm like, well, that's it.
  Head into death.
  Wherever it's so paranoid.
  But if it if you get it at Chuck E.
 Cheese, it's technically clarified as classified as a  lul spreader event, just a little spreader.
  Just a cute little spreader.
  Well, you know, Munch has been performing liposuction, so he's some kind of a doctor now.
  So he wouldn't allow this if it wasn't safe.
  That's true.
  Trump's undermining Dr.
 Munch, though, say it's a kickback from all of the fat sucking.
  Munch is Trump's top doctor.
  Mr.
 Munch.
  That's his health advisor.
  It's this guy.
  Sloppy Pasquale's pizza is no longer hot.
  I tell you what, I like Dr.
 Munch.
  I just wish he'd take that helmet off.
  It's a little what's he scared of?  It's a little politically correct.
  Oh, come on, let me kiss you.
  I want to kiss you, Munch.
  I'm going to come up on that stage and kiss you.
  Trump, of course, famously posed with Grimace.
  Yeah, oh, that's great.
  A lot of folks probably think Munch is a ripoff of Grimace.
  And maybe he is.
  Maybe.
  Maybe they stole Munch from Grimace.
  Should have changed the color and they could have gotten away with it.
  Yeah, it seems like they should have changed the color.
  That would have been an easy, easy fix.
  But why purple is the best color?  So I guess I get it.
  Oh, yeah.
  And as a fan of purple, I mean, you must love seeing a really nicely polished,  the Disneyland plastic that we love.
  Yeah, this helmet is the best thing they've done in a decade.
  I think the helmet could single-handedly save Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Wow, I agree.
  Was the rest of the set just as fire?  That's the most that I saw.
  I have to tell you.
  I flipped right to the middle and was so happy to hear our favorite song.
  We could hear how it ends if you're curious.
  Maybe he could play us out and we could react real quick and move on to the one we're supposed to do.
  Which, hint, also involves the color purple.
  We'll tease.
  OK, let's see how much it is.
  Not the movie, the actual color.
  It's not about, no, we'll take that one off the table.
  And there was never a themed experience based on the color purple.
  Welcome to podcast the ride.
  We're talking the Oprah Winfrey film, the color purple today.
  The color purple, ride it out.
  All right, let's there's the last 20 seconds.
  Hell yeah.
  Thank you very much.
  I hate your pizza.
  He said.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Do we point out the munch amps?  I forget.
  Oh, we didn't.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  He's got that.
  Yeah, like the classic speaker font.
  I forget what style, what brand that's parodying.
  But Marshall.
  Oh, yeah, I think so.
  Yeah.
  Marshall stacks.
  Munch amps.
  And they light up to this rules.
  Check this out.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wait, comments are turned off.
  I was going to say, leave a comment saying,  I guess the right thing.
  What was this controversial?  Probably.
  Probably so kids don't see the hate that's on the internet.
  Yeah, maybe all kid video comments are turned off and we should be.
  All right.
  Well, yeah, good.
  Don't ruin the purity of DJ Munch, our new favorite thing.
  Wow.
  Well, I'm so glad to have shared this little mini episode for you.
  And yeah, have a have a bootastic rest of your Halloween, which has several  hours remaining as you're hearing this.
  Go to Chuck E.
 Cheese if you're not scared.
  Happy Halloween.
