 FOREVER!  DOG!  Serpents and spiders, tale of a rat.
  Haunted Mansion Part 3 is where we are at.
  Will we progress to the big ghostly ball?  Or will we not make it to a room at all?  Can two mansion scenes creep into our talks?  Not if we sidetrack on the history of clocks.
  It's a series with rules that make Scott want to scream.
  Let's get into part 3 by playing the theme.
  Fabio Rodriguez!  Uh, why did that happen, you ask?  Because if you were listening last year to Haunted Mansion 2,  we said that we were going to open up next year by shouting  the name of the Spanish voice of the ghost host who says  Manos and Brazos, so cool.
  And now we are off and running with the energy of Fabio Rodriguez.
  Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright, the Scream Park podcast  hosted by three headless men in their ghoulies.
  I am Rick Zombieberg, joined by.
.
.
  General Trag of Dimension X.
  And Jack O'Lantern Skeleton.
  The only name that made it through the whole thing.
  Jack O'Lantern Slimed In! I got it wrong!  Jack O'Lantern Slimed In.
  I thought you became Dr.
 Murder Hog at some point.
  I thought that was that for second gate only.
  You know, we all got a lot of.
.
.
  Were we making them only the names are different for the tiers?  You know, there's lots of illusion, tricks and treats this time of year.
  We'll make that a distinction next year that behind the paywall  we have other fun Halloween names than we do on the free feed.
  Oh, and what a.
.
.
 I mean, if that doesn't get people over there  to our Patreon, the Cemetery Gate,  then you get exclusive scary names that might have  no longer anything to do with our regular names.
  Yes, that's very exciting for a potential subscriber.
  So, yeah, stay tuned for that next year.
  That is extremely alluring.
  And it's nice that we can already be talking about next year  because that's what this whole franchise is about.
  The Haunted Mansion franchise, which we hit once a year  every Halloween.
  I love that we gave ourselves a plan  like Doc Brown sending a note to Marty in the future  or leaving the DeLorean buried underground.
  We set ourselves up for success.
  I actually have a little more about Fabio Rodriguez.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  I've got a little.
  This guy is great.
  So there's an interview with him where he's telling the story  of how he became the Spanish voice of the Ghost House.
  He was recording an industrial narration  somewhere in Orange County.
  And there was somebody also recording in the same building  who was doing stuff for Disney who I think ran a bunch of the records.
  And he heard Fabio and he said,  you sounded great.
 Have you ever thought about doing this for Disney?  It was apparently his lifelong dream.
  He truly very much wanted to do this for Disney.
  And so he read sample copy right there on the spot.
  And it was great.
 We'll send it to Disney.
  And then a little while later, he got a call from that guy who said,  not only does Disney want to hire you,  they're just going to use what you already did.
  You nailed it.
 You don't even have to do it again.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He just like passed the audition with flying colors.
  And he's like the official Spanish voice of Disneyland.
  Yeah.
 And of everything.
 Of everything.
  Yeah.
 And the guy who heard him and said, come here and do this  was Bill Rogers, who is the English language announcer voice in Disneyland.
  Oh, the Main Street announcements.
  And Bill Rogers is married to Camille Dixon,  who does the announcements for California Adventure.
  It's a husband and wife and the husband does one park and the wife does the other.
  Yeah.
 Isn't that charming?  Delightful.
 Just like how the voices of Mickey and Minnie were married for many years.
  Yes.
 Another one of those.
  This should be a precedent.
  If there's source connecting or husband and wife on screen,  they should be married in real life.
 That's what I think.
  When you're talking about animated voices.
  I think for, you know, if it's, let's say,  Seth MacFarlane should be married to,  and I'm forgetting her name, who does Lois on Family Guy.
  Alex Borstein?  Alex Borstein should be married to Seth MacFarlane.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
 Dan Castellana and Julie Kavner.
  Right.
 Married.
 Should be.
  But you're just about, you're just about purity.
  You're about people should not be fake out of wedlock, even in character.
  Yeah.
 There is a chapter in the Bible that I adhere to pretty strictly that says,  thou shalt not mimic a wedded relationship on screen.
  Yeah.
 Those famous chapters of the Bible.
  For sure.
  That foresaw filmed media.
  Yeah.
  And knew that this would be a problem at some point.
  I'll say, yes, the religion I believe in is a very, very small group of people.
  We've revised the Bible many, many times,  and most of it has to do with rules about entertainment and theme parks.
  Yeah.
 Maybe some volleyball.
 Maybe get some volleyball in there, sure.
  Yeah.
 There's a lot of different rules.
  So yeah, whatever the specific religion I subscribe to, yeah, is different.
  Hey, and that's a good.
.
.
  Thou shalt limit thy bodiness.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 The word bodiness appears on every page multiple times.
  Hey, and the volleyball reference, that's a good to pin it to 2020.
  You know, we do like to.
.
.
 It's fun to look back.
  I looked back at the previous episodes.
  What were some things we were talking about in the past?  2019, President John Delaney.
 Remember that loser? Remember that asshole?  No.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I don't.
 I don't remember what side he was on.
  Was he a Democrat? Yeah, he was a bald, rich guy who ran for the DNC  and just like sucked and got smoked out, like smoked really.
.
.
  Got his ass smoked really early in the race.
  In 2018, we were talking about Michael Avenatti, the story Daniel's loser,  who everyone's like, maybe this guy will run for president.
  What a time.
 Yeah.
  Mike last year was talking about, in Chapter 2,  Mike was talking about Pluto's disease-filled tongue.
  Unfortunately, the tongue was patient zero and look what's happened.
  There is a.
.
.
  Pluto didn't, he licked everybody.
  Wow.
 I didn't even think about that.
 You're right.
 That is what happened.
  Though the end of the last year's episode is very, very frightening.
  You know, some other stuff that's come up in the past, just as a refresher.
  I certainly got my wish that the Haunted Mansion holiday was much shorter this year.
  Unfortunately, the monkeys paw curled once again and it was non-existent.
  And we may have opened a can of worms when we joked about Trump maniacs  complaining about Sharia law and asking the question,  how grim will the 2020 election cycle be?  I heard, I went back last night and listened to that last four minutes.
  And it was, I'm trying to think of an equivalent on like television  where like there was some, like some Breaking Bad finale  where you were like, maybe you go back and watch a show and you're like,  oh my God, Jesse has no idea what's about to happen,  what Walt is going to make him do.
 It's like that level of, oh my God,  these three idiots have no clue what's coming for them.
  Is it like, well, like, I mean, it cuts off, I think with Hank getting shot at,  I guess he might know where it's come.
 Is this the end?  Is this the, what leads to Ozymandias?  Yes.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 The last one was Hank and Gomi in the desert getting gunned down by Nazis.
  And now this is Ozymandias.
 We are in the end game at this point.
  It has been, yeah, a full year that has felt like that, certainly.
  And we were at Jack too, because we were like days away from getting on planes to go to Chicago and then Orlando.
  And so, so we were very lively.
  Seeing listeners, opening up a dimension of this podcast that was so much fun.
  Like, boy, we got to get back at all these places and do it again soon.
 Well, whoops.
  Yeah, pretty chilling.
  I thought, though, even more egregious than us.
  I mean, when we said, I wonder what that election is going to be like, like, boy, we didn't know half of the half of it.
  But the one that I thought, I actually have a quick clip I'm going to play.
  And I just thought this was like really brazen and I regret it.
 So here, let me just play this.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 So I do feel like a lot of pessimism about 2020, but also I just don't understand why.
  Because there's so much more fun stuff coming.
 I mean, we got the Olympics in Tokyo.
  That's going to be a blast.
 Lana Del Rey is going to bring down the house at Coachella and we're all going to be talking about it.
  I mean, I just don't.
 People are acting as if like the fundamental aspects of our society will be completely upended and we have to re-figure out how we do life.
  And I just I don't get it.
 Yeah.
 You know, you have a real egg on your face now, from that clip from last year that you just played.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was I mean, I look, what can I say? I take it back.
  And actually, they're wait this because I kept adding to it.
 And just this one.
 This one really, I think I have egg on my face.
  As sure as I am in the same room as you guys right now, staring you in the eyes, us together,  I will look you in the eyes and say 2020 is going to be the best year of our lives and in theme park history.
 And you can you can quote me on that.
  You can use that against me.
 You can quote me on that.
 I mean, that clip is really a rough clip.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I feel very, very embarrassed for you, quite honestly.
 I feel like Lindsey Graham.
 And yeah, what can I say?  Now, I will take responsibility.
 I will apologize for what I look.
 I don't like to brag on this show a lot unless it's about how brave I am in certain situations.
  But can I quickly play a clip that I'd like to play from last year? I think this is something that no one saw coming.
  But I sort of remember it.
 I had sort of 20 vision when it comes to this.
 All right.
 I'll play the clip right now.
  320 vision.
 Yeah, very.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Here's the clip.
 Hey, guys, remember the name Tony Bobulinski.
 That's all I'll say.
  Was that like an Imagineer who worked on the attraction and we'll talk about him when we get to the the leotard room.
  We'll be as excited about him as we are about any Imagineer.
 Tony Bobulinski.
  OK, all right.
 Well, I don't know which books you're reading.
 You're reading a book, I guess, besides the Haunted Mansion, Imagineering a Disney classic by Jason Sorrell.
  I'm not sure where you're getting this from, Mike.
 Let's just say I'm reading it off a very special laptop.
  Dude.
 Oh, my God, that clip.
 Wow.
 Bonkers.
 Can you believe that? I knew I knew I knew back then.
  And I was just blowing you off like what is Mike is becoming office rocket.
 This is some conspiracy theory.
  I'm going to I'm going to add in an edit here and I'll play the song Vindicated by Dashboard Confessional to prove the celebrate the victory I just had.
  I know that song, of course.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 From the Spider-Man, right? Spider-Man 2.
  I believe so.
 Yeah.
 Well, no one feels as stupid as I as I do after like this clip I pulled from me.
  Can I play this real quick? I mean, let's make sure.
 Go ahead.
 Yeah.
 The screen share.
  I know I, for one, cannot wait to see the live action Mulan and a crowded sold out theater opening night and see my two best friends on screen  rendered in beautiful high definition footage, Mooshu the dragon and whatever that crickets name is.
  Oh, man, Jason.
 So that was wrong for a couple of reasons.
 And also, I still don't know the name of the cricket, but I guess they just swap them out for prison camps in the background.
  And they got rid of those fun loving characters and, you know, well, boy, only I look smart now.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The two of us are just absolute fools.
 Well, especially here.
 I got one more quick one and I think.
 Oh yeah.
 Go ahead.
 Please, please.
  Oh, and by the way, let's cut this from the episode, but I should tell you guys I'm having a baby.
  I'm having a baby next year and I'm just here.
 I'm just going to like I'm just going to take a stab at it.
  Girl, it's a girl.
 I just got a feeling I got a hunch.
  I mean, wow.
 Yeah, why? I don't like to be.
 I don't like to be mean, but what a dumbass Scott.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I feel like I've grown as a person, so I don't take that as an insult of 2020 me.
 I take it as an insult of 2019 me.
 Yeah, I'll add to it was a fucking bumbling dumbass.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  I look I'm not even going to brag.
 I'm not even going to play the thing where I predicted McCartney was going to release McCartney 3, the final final album and a trilogy.
  He started in 1970.
 I won't play that up.
 You were winning that whole you were you were just on a streak, I suppose.
 Yeah.
  Well, I mean, you know, anything we want to throw out through the episode and just kind of playing a flag and in 2021.
 Sure.
  And I think I know I know how I felt last year and what ended up happening, but I think I'm just going to keep making as optimistic guesses as humanly possible.
  Yeah, and that shouldn't matter now.
 This year's different.
 I don't think it'll bite me in the ass.
 No, I don't think so either.
 No, I think that's fine.
  Yeah.
 Well, as for as for this, I mean, because we should get to it because there's as always, there's a lot of work to do.
  Now, the one thing that we remember is that we we got on the ride despite me being fought on this.
 We did get on the ride, the lab bar lowered.
 So we are off.
 We are heading into the actual attraction.
  Yes.
 And I was surprised.
 I have a couple of things.
 OK, I only have one thing that I was remiss that I did not talk about last year.
  The other thing I was like, oh, I think it was just wrapping up and we couldn't get into it, which was we have not talked about the OmniMover ride system.
 We have to address that.
 Of course.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
 So but first, this is just a personal thing because I wasn't going to drag us back through the queue and everything.
 I wasn't going to be vindictive, but I realized I didn't.
  I wasn't going to be like Scott, you're going to be for what you predicted.
 But I realized I didn't really, you know, there was a run in the second Haunted Mansion episode where you guys talked about being so scared of the.
  The Maleficent, I believe, in the sing along song videos of the shiny face with the crazy face paint.
 Right.
 And as I was rewatching, like I watched Haunted Mansion ride through a couple of times, I remembered as a kid.
  And even now I'm not wild about it, but I never liked the busts that follow you.
 And as a kid, I always went to the Florida Haunted Mansion and those you go buy them so quick in the Florida Haunted Mansion because they're in the ride itself.
  But in Disneyland, you could be stuck next to them for a while in the queue right before you get into your doom buggy.
 And that's just like a creepy effect, but it's another old optical illusion in that they are not actually busts.
  They are impressions.
 And it's just the way the mind and the eyes fill in the blanks and process light hitting these impressions in the wall that they appear to be following you.
  We talked about that, though.
 I remember we did talk about that illusion.
 I know maybe about your specific saying you're just you're just like how frightened that was your scariest thing having to at least this part of the mansion.
  We talked about Maleficent's face being the scariest and you.
 Yes.
 This is maybe your scariest point at up till now in the mansion.
 Yeah, I just realizing that like, oh, I'm glad you couldn't stand next to these in the Florida version because I would have been very like unnerved.
  What we should do is going forward with these haunted mansions, you know, if we leave something out, we should do a George Lucas remaster new scenes and I'll take that chunk out and I'll edit it into last year and we'll post that up and destroy the original.
  Now we'll be able to see the original now.
  And then and and put in all kinds of like cool, kooky music to like if we ever played a clip of kind of a neat mellow song, it should be replaced by like, hmm.
  Lay that let's lay like space gore music.
 Yeah, I think that's right.
 You Sean and mansion it was and we can edit out our blunders.
  Blunderers.
 Good.
 Right.
 So if you have a so if we have anything like that, we'll just announce it beforehand that this is going in the special edition for one of the last two year episode one of the last year's episodes.
  You know, it was crazy, though, is how we exactly predicted that Palpatine was Snoke and that he was growing many Snokes in test tubes and that one of the Snokes was upside down.
 I thought that was really oddly specific and we nailed on that.
 Yeah.
  I yeah, that was you know, that doesn't we were such we talked about Snokes so much that first year podcast arrived.
 So it's not surprising to me that we were experts on him.
 We had all kinds of snow.
 Well, yeah, certainly.
 Yeah.
 And I dropped that coffee mug at Mike's and when it shattered at the bottom of the mug said exit goal on it.
  And I only realized as I was leaving the Regal Cinema at Christmas time like, oh, oh, it was there the whole time.
 Yeah, the whole time.
 It's free.
 Yes.
 You had visions.
  Well, is that is that all of the history to revisit? Can we move forward or we're on the Omni mover? What do we have to say about the Omni Mover? Yeah, we're on the Omni Mover.
 We're in the loading area.
 You know, we talked a lot about that.
 You know, the loading area is kind of vacant.
  Could use a little plus up.
 There's some great Claude Coates like concept art that they could, you know, add to, you know, I think you could plus this up with a little bit of fog and some dead trees and gravestones.
 That's a pretty you're showing us real concept art.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That looks amazing.
 Yeah.
 That's very cool.
  You we've talked about and I will another thing that I did over quarantine as I broke and watched a Phantom Man or ride through.
 Okay.
 Really? Yeah.
 I had not done it.
 But yes, that's that cue that loading area is very cool.
 And then the Disney World loading area is, I think, better than Disneyland.
 Yeah, it's not.
 It's all so much better, but it is better.
 Yeah.
 Well, this is one of those things we've talked about.
 Tony Baxter says there's things he would go back and hit and revise.
 Yeah, it's actually one a little bit better.
 Yeah.
  It's actually one a little bit later in one of the rooms we'll talk about.
 But like, which I always like to hear.
 I like that he does.
 He doesn't view it as perfect and set in stone and you can't change it.
 And this is a good example.
 Yeah.
 You walk in that room and it's sort of just blank.
 And it's a thing I really like and on a mansion holiday, which is apparently become the villain of the theme park world.
 Like now it's like now you like can't like it seemingly.
  It's I do feel like it's divisiveness grows by the day.
 And of course, now it has a very I mean, I'm sure he had this opinion a while, but recently a viral video of Ryan Gosling where he detailed his problem with it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, and Trump Jr.
 was on Fox News going on for like five straight minutes.
 He was like getting out of breath and red in the face just going on about like you don't want when you go there.
 You don't want to see Oogie Boogie.
 You want to see the ghost.
 And when you replace the ghost, it makes you as mad as one of laptop isn't fully exposed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You're seeing it more and more is what Scott is trying to say.
  So to answer your question, Scott, so the Omni mover ride system, this was the second iteration, you know, it first appeared in the inner space ride journey journey space adventures.
  The way you do Bob.
 I think Scott is right.
 Scott is right.
 I think it's a venture through inner space.
 Yes.
 I watched some of the Midsummer Scream panel from last year for the 50th of the Haunted Mansion and Bob Gert calls it voyage to inner space.
  But yeah, so so they had, you know, done a World's Fair.
 They had done World's Fair attractions that had continuous ride systems and they fine tune that into the Omni mover ride system for inner space.
  Another Claude Coates, you know, overseen project.
 And then they used it.
 They moved over to the Haunted Mansion.
 In earlier episodes, we discussed Haunted Mansion.
 There was discussions of would it be a walkthrough? Would it be a half walkthrough, half ride or a walkthrough next to it?  And eventually they settled on the Omni mover system.
 What do you guys think about the Omni mover system?  Well, I like it.
 I like it.
 Obviously, like you can feel that it's a little a little janky in its movements.
 Yeah, but but that is sort of the charm at this point.
 It's not it's not like you think you're like, oh, I'm on something that's 100 years old.
 But, you know, you can feel it's like wild aggressive swings.
  The lap bar hits me in the legs a lot.
 I'm a taller man.
 Yeah, I don't know if it does that to anybody else.
 Yeah, I kind of have to like really like squish my legs down to make sure I don't get a little a little bruise.
 It doesn't bruise me, but you know what I'm saying.
  I think you got to give it up for those for the ride vehicles, aesthetically for the doom buggy specifically because there's other other Omni movers the clam shells on Little Mermaid our version of that and those look friendly and colorful.
 But I like that just the unadorned plastic shells painted black do look so funereal.
 They do all look like bizarre coffins, like either from the distant future or the distant past.
  Like this is some weird thing they would have buried somebody in and you're 900 or something.
 Yeah, they're amazing vehicles.
 Yeah, it does really I don't know how I mean it's it's similar to the inner space.
 Well, I mean, it looks I think it's almost the exact same right.
 Did the inner space one have a curl? It had a thing like the back is pretty similar.
 Yeah, it's sort of just by luck probably has as with Scott's describing this odd shape.
 I almost think of it like as some bizarre like contraption you would wheel around like.
  A hundred year old man in or something like you would be going through the mansion in this like bizarre contraption not like Palpatine's exical contraption but like a bizarre wheelchair of some kind that you're sort of being wheeled through the mansion on.
 I don't know why that's my thought but like there the vehicles themselves have a lot of character for being so plain.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah and the and the darkness of them and the fact that you like the way that it covers up on all sides which as we've discussed not only enables awesome make out experiences.
  If you're trying to escape parents are keeping an eye on you but also like that it you get an element of surprise like they your own car covers up details until you turn to face them your you this stuff that you can't see because the one in front of you is so huge and blocking your vision.
 I think it just like adds to element of surprise all time as you go.
  Yes, I mean I think one of the positives of it is an early innovation of treating the ride vehicle almost like a filmmakers like camera where you can like direct look at this like they're they're they can move what they want you to look at what's the primary thing you should be looking at and then if you're like looking around to the sides you get a different view.
  The trade off being though that like this continuously moving system.
 If there's an issue if they're like having an issue getting people on or getting people off.
 It can speed up and slow down but then sometimes just has to stop but they have to stop one it's kind of got to stop the whole thing.
  It's a kid I'm trying to remember because that's like that's you know where you form your opinions about these things honestly like I guess that's as a kid it definitely felt like you're in a box, it definitely felt.
  And I'm trying to think of there's any other vehicle that made me feel quite like there's a coziness to it that you I feel like I especially felt as a kid, but still feel now you know it's like you're being taken care of by the ghost hug you're getting hugged by that vehicle, the mansion is a really cozy ride.
  Yeah maybe the coziest.
  Yeah I mean obviously there's a lot of nice tranquil experiences but there is a coziness maybe just because you're in like a house that you're familiar with.
  I think like the the decoration the sort of like dark dark wood and there's as you go through there's a lot of purples and like furniture I don't know it feels very warm there was a cozy story.
  I heard like again the midsummer story it is a cozy story I think from Bob Gurr who was explaining how they were coming up with like the Omni movers system, and he started the story with john hench happened to have a candy apple on his desk.
  And he I think the idea of being he picked it up by the stick and was like wait what if we put the everything we need to control it underneath it, and then you can like tilt it as if you were like holding a candy apple and you could tilt the apple around, you know and that's the ride vehicle.
  And you thought that was a cozy story because you like the idea of being at work and there's being plentiful candy apples around I just like the idea of someone yes someone happening to have a candy apple on their desk and Jason Jason can you show us the table is there a table behind you is there full of candy apples.
  There's not there's a couple of decorative gourds for the holiday.
  You know we haven't we haven't talked.
 Are you a candy apple man.
 I cannot remember the last time I had a candy apple.
 I feel like every now and then when I go home to visit if it's in the fall or around Christmas.
  My mom has like picked up a package of them.
  But I it's not one of my go to is even at the parks, and I think, I think Disney will cut them for you right if you buy one those I said, that's the only feasible way to eat it.
  Oh yeah they have these like monstrosity candy apples I've never ever gotten one at the park, it just seems like so much effort.
  I haven't had a candy apple in years I used to get them once in a while from school they'd be those like plastic packages, and it would be full of nuts, which wasn't my favorite at the time.
  And then it would just like it was fun, but then it's just like it was a fucking pain in the ass to eat.
 Oh yeah, so that's why I'm saying like if you if you slice it, and then like you can share the slices with someone, then I think it's manageable.
  What do you go to your candy apple stance.
 Um, I don't think I've had one in like 20.
 Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah.
 That's reasonable.
  Because you could pick up like a Twinkie or a candy bar to gas station, you're not like popping in somewhere like, oh the candy apple.
 Oh yeah, I'll get a candy apple is I got to be stuck in traffic for a while you know, dipping an apple and caramel is much more practical,  but I haven't done that in years.
 I don't know Jason on the table behind you is there a whole big jug of caramel by any chance.
  No.
 No.
 Okay, he's checking checking small jug of there's a fudge jug hot.
  Caramel jug butterscotch jug.
 Oh, there is a car.
 He said Caramel.
 Yeah, there is Caramel.
 Okay.
  You have whole ice cream toppings.
 I have a yeah, I check the jug wall.
 Yeah.
  Okay, so, where are we now so the Omni mover some other facts about them.
  Bob I knew we weren't done Bob Gar and wed designed manufactured by the now defunct arrow development a very early manufacturing partner for Disney they of course worked on timber mountain log ride at knots.
  And this I didn't I don't think I ever really processed but for at Disneyland.
 There are 131 vehicles on that track.
  They move at 1.
4 miles per hour, which is roughly 2500 guests an hour.
 So I think that gets it up to the people people eater status you know that's a lot of people per hour getting through the ride.
  And they run.
 They run this thing too fast.
  They there are different speeds and we've seen it because they adjust it sometimes all of a sudden you'll start to go slower and I think that sometimes if if maybe somebody is a wheelchair issue or they have to just, they're just want to make sure you know stepping out onto the conveyor belt isn't going to be an issue, they'll slow it down.
  But I think that they are they run this thing full speed a lot, and maybe it's not full speed and full speed I would like to see full speed as if it's like a cartoon, where you like go through the mansion in two minutes.
  But the Adams family right like what it's not a ride but when you end up going through all their shoots in the Adams family.
  Yes, exactly.
 But I my complaint is I think they should run it a little slower because sometimes I feel like you're whipping through that thing.
  Yeah, and I like to hang out a little more.
  But it's never occurred to me I have really I've never thought about the speed being too fast too fast.
  They can go slower than go slow down.
  It is reliable though.
 People are saying it more and more.
 People are saying more and more.
  Yeah.
 So anyway, sorry Jason go.
 Oh, Gurr Gurr is on, Bob Gurr is on record as going like he felt bad because there's so many like different sized gears and wheels as part of the track.
  And he felt bad about, you know, leaving the next generation with such a complicated system to maintain but it seems like the the attitude of the you know maintenance staff was like hey it works so it runs every day, you know, for the most part, it doesn't go down a lot like you know the more complicated modern day ride systems.
  Right.
 It's a very it's a real it's all reliable.
 All reliable.
 Listen boats, just very reliable.
 As far as Disney Disney rides are concerned.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, the I'm trying to think anything else about the Omnimover like speaker placement seems fine.
  I like it.
 Let's get in the room.
 Let's get in the room.
 I think that's everything I have.
 Oh, God is like a kid.
 Endless hallway.
 Let's go.
 Well, one more credit Fabio Rod.
 Fabio Rodriguez.
 We didn't give him enough credit.
  You can also hear him do the Spanish language safety spiel on pirates.
 Formerly the DCA Tower of Terror.
 And he also appears in the Mexico Pavilion at Epcot.
  And he said his kids love hearing him in the parks and their friends always send videos of like, hey, here's your dad and that's really sweet.
 And so, well, and he said that he I found an interview with him where he said he like watched the the  fireworks show and said they were and heard a voice booming through the park saying, ladies and gentlemen, and how he dreamed of one day that would be me saying Dama see Caballero's Nino see Nia's and it came true.
 Yes.
 Very specific and like amazing dream that is that in the most wonderful place that your voice is audible everywhere.
  It's great.
 And also he mentioned somebody said his voice is a lot like Ricardo Montalban.
 And I mentioned in the last episode how sexy that voice is, especially on the mansion.
 And of course, who is sexier than Ricardo Montalban? No one.
  That kind of that added up to me that that like created some some little DNA connection like Oh, no wonder I like that voice so much.
 It very much is multiple.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, he's he rules.
  Amazing.
 I'm glad we I'm glad we made such a point of him at the end last year.
 Yeah, he's really good.
 Okay, Scott, you get your way.
  Take it away.
 Endless hallway.
 Wait, wait, no, wait, wait, I have a couple more candy apple questions.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, I know.
 I never mind.
 I actually I solved it in my head.
 Scott, go ahead.
  Okay, little circle back around.
 We haven't even addressed that I'm wearing a skeleton onesie this whole time.
 So don't worry about it.
 It'll come up later.
 What are you actually? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Like you want.
 We got skeleton onesie.
 It's fun.
 It's seasonal.
 Yeah.
  Well, I'd say go walk around and let us see it.
 But you're you're hooked in.
 Yeah, I'm all hooked up.
 Well, give us a turn when this is all over.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Give us a little runway show.
 Oh, my God.
 We're in the right.
 We're actually in a room.
  We're in the endless hallway where the candelabra is floating down at the end of it.
 I like all the how they pulled this off because you really do think that just goes and goes and goes.
  But of course, they wouldn't have room for it.
 We're like once again back in a not I guess not a not a pepper's ghost here, but we're in the same territory as Tower of Terror, where it's a it's a shorter hallway than you think it's made to look longer than it is.
  And the end scrims are involved.
 Wait, so now I'm redo it's still so confusing to me even in the notes.
 The like the mirror at the end of the hallway is really close.
 It's way closer than you think.
 And then they've painted the candelabra black on the back.
 Yes, because it's really close to the mirror.
  So that you like you won't be able to see that and that and the candelabra also helps block the view of you and they like I feel like I'm getting away from myself here like anyone explain this better than me.
 You're doing a pretty good job, but I'm still confused.
  But I know it's funny because it's very it's very complicated, but also feels like we may have the ability to make it from stuff around the apartment.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 It is like interesting about it.
 It is a trick like theatrical designers and like magicians have probably used for like over 100 years or something like that.
  It's just like there.
 It's very thin black wires holding up the candle.
 Like you said the back of the candelabra is painted black.
 The mirror that way like it does you don't pick up the the you know the back of the stuff in the mirror and then the scrim helps cut down on like crispness of like what you're looking at.
  So it makes it a little hazy and it also makes it harder to see us.
 Yeah, you don't see yourself even though that is a mirror right in front of you.
 Yeah, and it's and it uses force perspective like yeah that hallway is not very long past like what you're looking at.
  Yeah, do we know feet wise because in my mind it's 25 the candelabra is 25 feet away.
 Is it like seven feet away.
 That sounds right.
 Maybe it's something like that.
 Yeah, I think it's a little because as I'm sure we'll hit in this area like every now and then a guy hangs out around it.
  So it's got to be big enough for a guy to be around.
 Yeah, maybe it is closer 25 10 to 12 feet I think maybe like like 10 feet 25 might be too far 10 might be too close.
 Right.
 I, I again don't want to you know we'll we obviously will cover the you know nightmare or high mission holiday in some other juncture.
  Whenever I swear now every time I go on it.
 And I think, alright, let me go let me get into the head of someone who wouldn't like this so let me judge this with a critical eye do I not like this attraction or have I been over rating it or something.
  And when I see the dog when I see zero flood zero right floating in that hallway instead of the candelabra I really like it.
 That's the first thing that always makes me go and the well and the doors downstairs as you're boarding I like a lot.
 Yeah.
 And then I see that dog like this.
 That's great.
 It's fun.
 I don't.
  If I'm the villain of the podcast for smiling about this fun ride, then I don't know how to get out of the villainy spot.
 I don't think you've ever been fought on and I think all I've ever said was I think I agree sure would be better but I like it.
 I like it.
 It's fun.
  Like it's I guess I don't disagree with that argument.
 I think it's just, I was we come back to the boring functional argument which is how do you have it open for like does it just have to be closed for all of November, then right I guess to change it right exactly.
  I suppose it's a bummer in and of itself.
 Yeah, I but you know last year's episode where we was before recorded before we went down to Florida and I will say that experience of being in Florida, Florida Park and we did not hit the Magic Kingdom.
  I believe until our last full day we were there but it was a pleasure to ride a traditional version of the Haunted Mansion in Halloween time because it was a late late October.
 Sure.
 Yeah, like it was it was just I don't know.
  It was the kind of fun.
 I love the whimsical side of like the spooky side of Halloween, you know, sure.
 I get that argument.
 I, this is the problem.
 Also, here's the thing I, I do think at my heart.
  I am a theme park populist.
 I don't want to throw that word around in any other way necessarily but a populist as far as theme park is our concern.
  She's like guardians and stuff.
 You're not a like don't ever change anything ever.
 Right.
 Exactly.
 But my point about this is it is by far Haunted Mansion holiday.
  Three times four times as popular as regular Haunted Mansion.
 I understand it's still only there for a limited time but it's there from like now it's what early September or mid September to December.
  It's like they are.
 It's I get it.
 It's less time but it's so popular.
 It adds like doubles the time.
 It triples the time of the queue.
 So like what is the incentive for them to do it? Right.
  There's no being mad.
 People are mad about everything.
 People are mad if they like, you know, like take a red flag and make it a green flag.
 Right.
 People.
  So people love it.
 And I would imagine the prevailing opinion and it's of maybe maybe they don't listen to podcasts but the prevailing opinion is like we like this a lot and we get excited to go on it around Halloween and Christmas.
  So I have to be a populist here and say sometimes you got to give the people what they want.
 You got to serve demand at a certain point.
  And they're leaving money on the table if they don't serve that demand for it.
 I mean the other thing is they would have to like let's say they did keep the original Haunted Mansion around through October 31st like at midnight or whatever the park shuts down.
  They would have to immediately get in there and flip it in two weeks because November 15th I think used to be the start of the holidays.
 It seems like Christmas starts earlier and earlier every year at both the parks and like in popular culture in just TV and you know stores.
  But that's a pretty tight window for them to try and flip it.
 So I just it's not going to probably happen and I think if it's the majority opinion like what are we going to do.
 And plus you get that nice gingerbread smell that I love so much.
  Well that's true.
 You can't argue with that.
 I'm with you there.
 It got kind of like thrown away a little bit in the fake smell Final Four but it is an excellent smell.
 Yes.
  Yeah and I believe I was voted against by both of you.
 I think that is true but in those tournaments you know it's brother against brother it's you know you murder those that you love.
  That's why they're so harrowing.
 It's the nature of those.
 Yeah dude.
 So then you keep moving on to the now I didn't I don't like I knew names before the conservatory.
  Whoa whoa whoa.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Ring stop.
 No way.
 Oh these episodes go three items.
 There's three.
 You.
  There's a very good moving on to.
 No.
 No.
 The endless hallway is a dagger.
 This is the very first scene of the ride and there's like three big props like three big set pieces because there's also this suit of armor in here.
  Disneyland student armors here.
 It's very simple  animatronic it moves a little to gives the illusion of like oh is that moving and you know, but  This seems like a good time right to discuss the what these colloquially called the night of the living dead.
 Oh  Is that okay? And but it wasn't they hey it wasn't in that room  Well, it was in a further farther, right? So we have to keep going to get to it.
 Oh  Well, hi your rules are played against you now  No, you're wrong  The night has appeared in multiple different places, but we can wait we can wait to discuss that he is wait  Okay, is that to wait? So there has the night has been in more than it does not always just it wasn't in that one room  Well, the animatronic night was always there the live actor in a night of a suit of armor  Depending on what year it was what time period moved around  Uh-huh.
 Wow.
 So you have a timeline of where the human actor of the night costume was? I have a rough layout  Wow, I have actually never been able to find this but we can wait a little we can we can wait a little bit  Let's go to the oh, yeah continue.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 So the third item you gotta talk about the chair  No more in an episode.
 You gotta talk about the big chair  The big arm chair with the face on it.
 We can't just go past the chair  I mean, this is why this ride gets talked about by us every year because like the opening scene has like three  Like there's more stuff in the opening scene that in some rides period.
 Is this your favorite chair in a ride?  I think it's up there because I this chair was like burned into my mind at a very young age  It's got a spooky face on it.
 It's a rolly crump  You know, it's definitely a rolly crump creation.
 It's a holdover kind of vibe from Museum of the Weird  Which was you know, one of the early iterations of the Haunted Mansion or an early accompaniment of the Haunted Mansion  And you this is like the start of a motif that appears throughout the ride of eyes  Often spirally kind of eyes to give the impression that you are being watched at all times  That the house is watching you right and it appears I assume you'll say like a wallpaper, etc, etc  Yes  Yeah, well, yeah, let's wolf the wallpaper.
 Oh my god.
 We may not get that  We might not get to the wallpaper mark.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 So sorry 15 minutes to go on it.
 We got a tea  I have a question.
 How long does anyone where does anyone think we're gonna get I have a prop bet on where I think we'll get to  And I'm not gonna tell you but I will write it down  Right now  Can I say can I say something about how this is how the three years have gone?  For me, I had notes about the leota room in 2018  It works out for me because I don't have to look up anything new  I took care of it all years ago.
 This was I will say this is your this  Concept of doing this yearly was Scott Gardner's  idea it is yeah, I dug my grave and now I I think I  I think I like I like the idea.
 I continue to like the idea, but I feel like  I I don't know how we got into the trap of now how the episodes work  Is that we room by room it and as we try to progress then everyone screams no with me  I don't know that part of it.
 I did not  It is sort of a part of the podcast though.
 I think that probably started in the citywalk saga  So I feel like that's yeah off this this sort of dynamic traps.
 Yeah  Yes, and then I think when you you probably had a little bit of a different vision for this  But this resembles a citywalk saga in and of itself  so  The default was tedium traps as yeah  Which believe me the whole podcast probably a good idea  To be made tedium trap  Well one might one might even go so far as to say that Mike and I are wall to wall creeps  And it's giving Scott hot and cold running chills  All right, uh Mike just make a note put in a grand slam  Baseball being hit out of the park sound effect there.
 Thank you so much  That'll be but that's in the special.
 I'll put that in the special edition of yeah, that'll go back  Yeah, special edition of podcast, which is just gaslighting the audience making them think they  Wait, no, I remember there was something different at this moment  That's such a good idea to go back and add in little things here and there  And just like never tell anybody and make ghosts haunting the old episode  I think they're going nuts if they ever re-listen to something  Like if you put something in just the home video release of a movie that wasn't in the theatrical  But I think yeah bold predictions that are couldn't possibly be predicted years prior would be really great  Yeah, yeah, that's a good one.
 Just well, all right.
 So start going back this this prize  There's hidden things now in three of our old episodes and if you find them you get a prize  You'll know what they are when you hear this also are really gonna help of our listener account  Oh, yeah, you gotta go back into the archives.
 Yeah, yeah, and especially the ones on the patreon at patreon.
com slash podcast  Yeah, anyway help me unload some of the club 33 towels that I still have  You gave away the prize towels.
 No, you gave away the prize.
 It's towels.
 The real prize is how many do I have?  I don't know.
 I'm not sure I do 990.
 Yeah  So  That is why you were you look like violet Beauregard coming out of the club 33  bathroom  After the blueberry situation.
 Yeah, just did a lot just stuff  Okay, hand towels falling out of your shirt  Um, there's not a lot about the chair.
 I mean, I I think uh, you know, uh, it's it's just  I was in my mind.
 It's creepy.
 I like the chair detail for real that it sets the eye the eyes precedent  I like the eyes precedent here.
 Yeah  Yeah, I do too that that motif i'm not sure that it had ever really occurred to me about the wallpaper and everything that you're being watched  Certainly the bus and and such  Um, but I I do like like reading about like all the you you get the feeling even if you aren't like super aware of it  As you're on the ride, like you have this uneasy feeling and when you read about all these details you you start to understand why yeah  And for me who thinks the ride is cozy i'm being watched and I love it  You're being watched by disney security too and I love it  Yeah, and and which cuts out riff raff like teenage makeouts and marijuana abuse.
 I I I should tell a story.
 I've heard secondhand  That's something that there apparently people have been caught doing more than just making out let's say yeah  Yeah  Um, what threesomes?  Uh, yes two humans and a ghost two on the ride  And they'll follow you home because he's a clinger the ultimate halloween threesome.
 Yeah  I overall I like the haunted uh, the endless hallway and I it's it's so it's very it's pretty subtle like for rides  Uh, I I think it's very subtle.
 It definitely is  Like is a good tease for like what you're about to experience and I feel like it it kind of epitomizes a thing about like the  Haunted mansion being so dense and so detailed filled of like well, there's like three big things right in this first scene  And and some rides, you know don't even have that some rides have a lot of black hallways some rides  Take place in time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time  Some rides take place entirely at night pitch black of night like dinosaur, you know  Yes, the dinosaur does not have its chair moment  No, there's no cool smiling chair in dinosaur.
 Um, yeah very that  Whoa, do we even have enough time for another room?  What else about the chair how long are the arm rests and now what's the  What do you think what are the napping situation in that chair be do you think that's a long nap or maybe just a 15 minute  Not all I think that's a quick one because that is like a high backed arm chair made more for reading  So you're you're back might you're not going to get a lot of give like leaning back in that sort of chair  You know, you're gonna be a little stiff.
 What type of books would you read in the chair?  Oh ghost stories, I would think haunting of hill house  mask of the red death  Uh, you know spooky stuff turn of the screw would you read one of your uh crime novels? Oh, yeah, absolutely  Yeah, you can read like a lou archer book or a john  chan d mcdonald  You know, one of my favorite things is when we went to that bachelor party in las vegas  Uh, we got there.
 We're four of us.
 We got like a pitcher of margaritas  You said i'm not going in the pool.
 I'm gonna read a crime novel by the pool  You found out how much the pitcher was you said well, that's the last one of these i'm having  And then you just read your book the whole time while we drank in the pool.
 Yeah  So so great  Thrilling to the end just blinks like why are you telling this? There's nothing unusual about anything you're saying  It's like yeah, we're in las vegas.
 Yes, the pitcher margaritas is more expensive  You are also giving me shit because I was wearing like an old beat up like beach like fish house t-shirt  so  Fish house.
 Yeah, that's you know, like a clam bar  Oh, okay house, you know, I don't know what a clam bar is either a place down the shore  It's like a clam bar where you get fried fish.
 You get like clams on the half shell and raw bar restaurant  Yeah restaurant.
 Yeah seafood out.
 I guess there is a little bit of an odd thing about it  even the place there's a place over on los felis that has clams and stuff and they have a little bit of a  Bar situation.
 It kind of looks almost like a sushi like sushi where they make it in front of you  Am I wrong?  Uh, yeah.
 Yeah, sometimes.
 Yeah, they're cracking.
 Yeah, you are wrong  Yeah, kind of kind of just becomes a catch-all at a certain point  Well, you're from is it kind of like that place the conservatory in the haunted mansion.
 Yes  We can move on to the conservatory  All right.
 All right scott.
 What do you got about it? There's a guy he's trying to get out of a  He's he's there's a guy trying to get out of a coffin and the voice of his efforts trying to push out of it  It is exitencio who is also the voice of the skull that you hear that you see before you go down the drop in  Pirates and he's a he was a nice man who my mom knew his daughter went to school with his daughter  And I got to meet him in a church parking lot  And I think I just found he like did that he did a sketch of of mickey and signed it to me  Wow, really? Whoa.
 Yeah, I don't say that before.
 Yeah, one thing.
 Yeah one time  I and I was already so disney obsessed by like eight or nine years old and my mom like okay  Now we're gonna go speak to uh, she calling mr.
 X.
 I don't speak to mr.
 X or x cool  Um, yeah, but I always I was like I was so blown away by that that he was like, yeah like  My mom like met this guy like was it like around him as a kid and he is the skull and this uh, yeah  I don't think I knew he was the guy trying to get out of the coffin  um  And he's the wait.
 He's he's the lyrics of the song  Correct lyrics of the song and script of the ride.
 He was the smoother who like combined the claude coats visions and the mark  Davis visions and kind of made them more copacetic  The dark and the light.
 Yes.
 Yeah, right, which we explored the dye in 2018.
 I had to remember like  Who the names were?  Um, and we're still kind of in the dark here at the beginning the claude coats were yes  I'm realizing now that mark and claude were part of a dyad.
 Oh, hmm  A dyad in the mansion forts.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Interesting like you predicted we all pretty you predicted dyads  I believe too.
 I absolutely predicted dyads.
 Uh, you kept saying and you two did because you were a dyad in predicting dyads  We were because I was predicting I called uh, yale gracy and ken anderson a dyad  Uh, and and mike was like well and they they paid the way for the dyad of uh, you know coats and davis  Of course, right, right, right.
 I remember the dyad of dyads in the history of the haunted mansion  Uh, I have a question from a narrative point of view about the conservatory  Okay, so this got this is not a ghost yet.
 This is a zombie trying to get out of this casket  Or a fully alive or a fully alive.
 We don't know right?  Yeah, well, I think it's ghoul right?  But we don't have many ghouls in this ride.
 It's almost exclusively ghosts  You're forgetting the graveyard seek with the I believe I saw them listed as pop-up ghouls or maybe they're  Oh, wait a minute.
 Okay, so maybe the ones that actually shoot up on the spring  That do a look a little more solid  Are ghouls and not ghosts.
 Do you know what i'm saying scott?  Yeah, you're saying that okay a ghost is uh translucent exactly and a ghoul is uh, still somewhat fleshed  So a ghoul is a zombie like character  So there are a couple ghouls  In this ride, that's interesting.
 I never actually thought about in the mansion and jason.
 I'm so sorry  We're talking about the graveyard real quick.
 Uh, I don't I never thought about uh,  I never thought about those things because those things are that on the weird like spring they really shoot up like behind the graveyard  Those things do look more solid than the projections like bluish projections of the ghosts.
 Okay, that's interesting  Well, madame leo refers to goblins and ghoulies, right? Um, so those are around now a goblin  I'm not sure what in the ride you would say is a goblin  Yeah, is there a goblin?  Does a goblin have to look a certain way?  I have a certain idea in my head what a goblin looks like but could a goblin be a different take a different form?  Um, I don't know.
 Well, you can take a form that's green.
 I'm all right most famous goblin that I know  Um stanchions are kind of goblin like  But they're not a lot bats.
 They're not alive.
 I don't know.
 I think it gets complicated.
 I I think  ghosts and ghoul I think the line is very fine because  The hatpox ghost looks kind of corporeal like he's kind of solid  He but he's a ghost and his head he's a ghost and it disappears.
 Yeah, he's for sure a ghost it isn't in the name  Yeah  So I think there's I think that one of my plus ups is got add some goblins  You know  Is it possible that what if all of the eyes?  In the wallpaper are goblin eyes.
 Maybe that's what she's talking about  It's possible, but those eyes don't really move in the wallpaper.
 So that's just a drawing of a goblin if it is a goblin  Mmm, okay.
 Yeah, unless they're  Frozen  They're they're stuck in place.
 Right.
 There's possible the wallpaper is frozen goblins  Yeah  Um, I had a question feel free to we can back up but on the topic of those  But of the eyes on the wallpaper, um, do those  Because we were discussing are those alive or not are do those count in the count of?  999 happy haunts or all of those sets of eyes a haunt  Yes, because I read an anecdote that cast people go like where all the 99  How are there 999 goats and the people have said like well, you gotta count though  Ones in the wallpaper  So that come up so then they could be goblins if that's actually a part of the canon that those are happy haunts  Yeah, I mean it depends on your  Hmm are the ghoulies happy haunts or only the ghosts happy haunts because ghosts haunts ghoulies don't necessarily haunt  They might terrorize  They lurk feel like they there are lurkers  Right, and they eat they eat people sometimes if they're a zombie  Yeah  So I i'm confused still  I mean, I don't think I know who's who we need to take a quiz like what harry potter house you're in  and um, we need to like discover the difference between creepies and ghoulies and  Yeah, and put like a dobby like a dobby like character on haunted mansion  Dobby from harry potter who's like goblin.
 He's a goblin.
 Am I wrong?  No, is he not? No, he's a little  He's a house.
 So I love okay.
 I like to formally apologize to dobby  he's some sort of  Unfortunate racial caricature  Likely likely said then I was like, oh my god.
 Is that the name?  Is that the really good description?  It does sound like old timey racist.
 It does sound like something.
 Yeah, I looked it up grandma.
 You can't you can't christ  It's on the wikipedia  Yeah  All right.
 Well new reason to ignore.
 All right, let's move on  Sure  Anyway, all right scott's right deck room.
 So the fella the fella in the coffin, uh  That as we said we were talking about extencio  Apparently one of those hands, I believe they've replaced the hands over the years one of those hands  How much do you think it's sold for at auction?  An old one of these hands hundred hundred.
 Oh no seventy five thousand dollars  Scott twenty four thousand.
 I'll just go low for some reason.
 Oh not low enough thirteen hundred pretty reasonable thirteen hundred  Yeah, oh, oh wow.
 Why would we put?  Well, we're suckers we would have paid way more I guess yeah  I was opening up my my money bin right now to fork it over if they would have had your bin  I have a tiny money bin like scrooge  It's a small though  Um, so interesting this is uh, this is a casket by the way  It's not a coffin.
 I looked that up.
 I was like wait are caskets caskets and coffins the same?  Are they synonym but like no coffin is the one tapered on the side right like draculus and yeah  This one doesn't have a hinge  Uh, I  I think he's just kind of bursting out of it.
 I think he's just pushing it open  It's possible.
 It does have a hinge on the other side and he's burst through it  Uh, it seems like seems to imply that he died a while ago because he's surrounded by did floral arrangements  and  This is also the first appearance of a character from the haunted mansion the raven  That recurs throughout the ride  You can it is the same raven  I believe it is meant to be the same raven seen interesting here  um  I don't know if this is coming up right.
 Can you see this picture?  Yes, the raven is sort of here  And I don't know if I just like after hours of reading about the haunted mansion was reading into stuff  But to me  It looks like there's spiral eyes underneath the raven  On the stand that's holding up flowers and it's very subtle and likely hard to see but if you watch a 4k ride through  You can see there's another set of spiral eyes hidden.
 Yeah, you're right  Some more rolly eyes more rolly eyes  Is that a haunt those eyes of haunt is that count as one of the haunts happy haunts  Uh, good question.
 I don't know  Now someone bother bill gir about that bob garg about that borrow my father's brother bill  Well, he got the name of one of the ride wrong and then I got his name wrong now.
 We're even punished bob  Um  Incorrect information they did write dialogue for this bird and they opted to keep it  They opted to keep it just calling or silence  In most of the scenes do we have the dialogue that they had?  Well, I have the dialogue it did it is used dialogue is used in the  Souvenir story and song of the haunted mansion album.
 The raven says you've disturbed a guest call  You'll be sorry for that call call  so  That's a threat  Well  Uh, I feel like that's I feel like it's too early to have that threat in the ride  so I think it's a good call I think that's the right answer you still want to kind of have a  Spooky atmosphere with no no one saying anything to you yet.
 No one's not talking  Yeah, we kind of lose the ghost host for a while too.
 Right? Yeah, this is like all atmosphere  Except for guy saying let me out  Yes, but that's yeah, but he's not directing.
 He's not talking to you.
 Well, he's hoping you hear but he's not  Directly addressing you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, the general hundreds of people who would like to help him  But the lap bar has been lowered stop making out and help me  Stop  This is impure you are not married  Show me your wedding rings and i'll let you continue  Reelect richard nixon my friend  Well, that's most of the audio recording in the park.
 If you listen to it, you can hear that message  Yeah, you play backwards and it's all nixon.
 Yeah, bro nixon messaging  Walt made sure  Now are we in the corridor of doors?  Can we jason? I think we can go on the corridor doors and I just want to say I do appreciate that they there's kind of like  Official names for each one of these scenes the endless hallway the conservatory  Conservatory, um, although traditional victorian conservatories would be you wouldn't really display a funeral casket in there  You would display curios and odysseys and artifacts  Um and uh at other haunted mansions they do but uh, yeah corridor of doors  Let's talk about it.
 Did you know about the history of conservatories and verandas and all these things before we did these podcasts?  um, uh  No, I  Honestly, those are just like the threads I followed through the haunted mansion stuff comes up where I go like wait are  Caskets and coffins the same and I was like, oh no how silly of me and then I just go down  Like a week of reset.
 I feel like you like you referred to hours  I feel like you like really hit the books here.
 I for haunted mansion.
 I devote a lot of time  I think I did it mostly all  The day before we recorded this I started  on uh  The two days before and I was watching garfield the dog  And I alluded to this a spooky trick for halloween  He pulled my laptop off the desk and it bent the power adapter  I talked about this  That was the problem that you hyped that you hyped that up like  Your car maybe just spontaneously exploded  It just exploded well, I just I had never had that happen because on the old laptops is something like that happened  Uh the magsafe pulled it out and usbc just pulls the whole thing down  And it just just killed the whole cable.
 It just bent the cable  And mercury is in retrograde it's you know a spooky season too  And I had the third time you've blamed something on mercury being in retro mercury in retrograde  Melrose mac was about to close.
 I was like, can I bring a dog in like?  You know, I broke an iphone cable two weeks ago.
 Was that sort of like the universe getting ready for mercury being in retrograde?  Yeah, but we were recording the next morning and my computer was at like 10%  So I was like, oh I have to fix this like in the next couple hours, you know  Um, yes, I get it.
 Uh, let me ask you this in preparation for haunted mansion  Because these all have fun named rooms  Did you play haunted mansion clue which does exist and these room names are in it? What really? No, did you?  No, oh, okay  Well, we'll have to do it, uh  On twitch or something.
 I googled a  Seven hour game that is fun all with separate sets.
 I'm not a big board game guy  But I do like clue.
 I like clue and I love I loved clues.
 Yeah  The game of life.
 I loved I loved clue  Uh, maybe that was it corridor of doors or doors.
 What you got scott?  There's a I feel like I don't have any I just like wrote down what happens in it.
 So yes, I say what happens  Oh, yeah, don't worry.
 I'll fill it in.
 I got a ton of trouble  What?  What was that? I said, you know a ton of shit.
 I said i'll fill that I got a ton of shit  All right.
 Well, then you go.
 No, no wrote down what happens  The spirits are having trouble escaping and there's little maces that all knock on the door and they all make sounds  Uh, it's all like rapping on the door.
 And that was the thing.
 I found that tony baxter like doesn't like that  He uh, he like saw some plan where it was supposed to be more  um  like ambient and like  Added sound effects like these big pounds like boom  Boom and he prefers that rather than like practical tapping which he thinks is just uh, actually he didn't say this  I wonder if he just thinks that's annoying like he'd rather have a designed sound there  Um, I think he was referring to the haunting the movie that this sequence is based on  um, and he uh, he said he wants it to be like that like that's another thing that he would plus up is not because he's  Doing an interview in this room  So there's a bunch of like tap tap tap tap interrupting the interview  Which is maybe why he wants it out of there.
 I I I never thought of that, but I completely agree  Yeah  Yeah, interesting.
 Um, he yeah, I guess it is more like irritating right frightening  Because I know exactly what it sounds like.
 Okay, as soon as you say like oh, yeah like that that that annoying noise and that  The when doors are there.
 Yeah, I know what that is.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that could be better.
 Sure  Yeah, I I think in the original version of the haunting which was a movie adaptation of the haunting of hillhouse novel  um, it's more of a like a  ominous like  bong  Like thunk like the inception  noise maybe um  and then uh, he also made sure to clarify the  1963 haunting not the late 90s liam-neeson haunting which does feature  The incredible hulk roller coaster it like an insane sequence where the coaster goes off the track  Really? Yes weird  Uh, I didn't know that um, huh?  Uh, uh, does that time that times out the hulk would have been and was it a universal movie? I  I think it would it might have been a universal movie  I think they got it filmed like either right before right after it opened  Right after it opened.
 Wow.
 Hmm strange, but uh, yeah the door knockers are maces  Uh, some of the door handles are apparently like, you know serpent like or like dragons  Uh, you know as if just more more images of the house  Almost coming alive  Um, did you guys come across the sculptor who did a lot of woodwork for the haunted mansion?  I actually did not  No, um, this is a guy named he is a cuban sculptor named ciro  Rolando santana iarite  And he had just arrived in the united states and he heard wed was looking for a sculptor he had uh exhibited in  central america in spain and they quickly scooped him up and got him to work  and he carved a lot of the wood the door frames and the chairs and and  And all of that sort of thing.
 So, you know that attention to detail again, that's like a real  Pro sculptor  And are these the same that they replaced them since they have to right? Like these have to be new  Yeah, some stuff has been  Copied over the years some stuff has been replaced  Right.
 It's hard.
 Yeah, i'm sure there's very little as far as like  Like original opening day items like they've replaced the wallpaper.
 They've obviously they have to do that  I wonder what is in there that's actually original  Um, presumably they have replaced the air conditioners which come into play in this area  Sure, which like as you enter the corridor of doors  They have angled the air conditioners to blast you so that you get chills when you get into this part of the mansion  And yeah, I that's I know exactly what that is and that's good.
 That's very good a nice chill  Yeah, but blood  Running hot cold chills.
 Yes  When we haven't as I said, we haven't heard the ghost toast in a while and that's an awesome line  Every room as wall to wall creeps and hot and cold running chills  Um, I like that you don't like you start to miss him.
 They like use him so sparingly  Uh that every one every little appearance in the ride really lands.
 Yeah  Yeah, he he is yeah, he he you want him to like hold your hand through the whole thing, but he's not gonna do it  Point hard to get yeah now  Yeah, and and in this section of the ride there is I mean you're talking about canon like there's the official  Imagineering canon then there's guest canon and then there's like  Cast member canon in this part of the ride.
 There is a portrait  You do see portraits on the walls and this mark davis drawing some have speculated that this is the ghost host  In this drawing because he has a noose that he has chopped  right  Well, wait, does this drawing appear anywhere where is this was this just concept art or was it used in anything?  It's in the it's in the hallway.
 It's on the wall with the portraits  oh  Yeah in disneyland, too.
 I believe so  No, I think it's on the wall.
 I think I saw it was on the wall.
 They have put so many honestly  I can't my memory now of the pictures on the wall has been flooded with hatbox ghosts because they put  My memory is that they put more pictures of hatbox on the wall once they added him to disneyland  Okay, and I don't know if that was I was just looking for it, but he was everywhere.
 Oh, yeah  Yeah, it's I think it's been updated a couple times or uh updated or you know different versions for different mansions  Go i'm wondering I I what did I think the ghost host looked like?  I don't know that I I had ever really pictured him and then once I knew what paul freese looked like  I think I always picture.
 It's just paul freese himself.
 Yeah  I thought he looked like snook  That's that's right.
 This guy looks like a ghoul.
 I would say this is a ghoul  Like right there's a lot of haunted mansion stuff like concept art that has the one eye really closed and the other eye really big  And open is is snook a ghoul though?  I think snook's a ghoul for sure  But he's palpatine ultimately though is palpatine a ghoul, right?  Uh palpatine, I guess he is a ghoul because like he kind of he kind of dies, but he becomes more powerful once he's fighting mace windu  So he's sort of like I don't they don't really call him undead but there is an element to it where it's like  You know strike me down and i'll become more powerful.
 He keeps like leveling up by  getting hurt  Yeah, is um is chubaka a ghoul because he dies and then comes back all of a sudden with no real  Information about why and what happened now look what you're proposing  Honestly, it would have been awesome  If because a ghoul chubaka  In like two scenes later after he dies in arise of skywalker you think he dies he's just back but he's zombie chubaka  Uh, I think that would have been great.
 That would have ruled.
 Let's do that.
 Yeah  Like yeah, he would like say the sound is now like scary.
 Yeah.
 Well, it could be half and half  It could be like I can't do the chubaka noise but  Like he could have gone back and forth between it  Or he sounds like hello.
 I'm chubaka  You know, I love a a furry character speaking with an english accent  Yeah, that's something I do like stately now.
 Yeah  um  Uh, okay  Uh, what else we got here?  This is the big this is the big hand shadow that passes by the wait.
 Am I at the clock?  Am I going too fast? Yeah, there's more portraits.
 There's lots of pictures.
 Wait, wait, there's lots of ghost pictures  I want to talk about the door.
 What can we talk about favorite doors?  Yeah, I know what's the difference between the doors? Well, they all do different things  This is a this is i'm not even doing this to troll or anything.
 This is true  There's one door that I find especially scary that i'm always fascinated by and it's from a little kid place  It's the the door that pushes out.
 Yeah, that is always so creepy to me.
 The like flex it.
 Yeah  Yeah, that like you think it's wood in it like it's pushing out like it's you know foam or something  Which obviously it's not wood  But as a kid that's that freaked me out and I still going through that room stare at that illusion  And I just like i'm unnerved by it  I'm fascinated by it.
 It's my favorite door  Yeah  I I think just the pounding to worse like scare me as a kid  Because as a kid the guy in the coffin didn't scare me that much because he had a funny delivery  Like I was like, oh this is this is kooky.
 This is silly  But like just someone pounding on a door a lot is like just unnerved like always unnerving  Yeah, and the doors are so close.
 They're like very close to your personal space  It's been the hallway.
 It's pretty narrow there too.
 So anyway, that's my favorite door  Um, there's a lot of portraits of the hatbox ghost in here in the hallways  um  There are portraits of the pop-up ghosts that come later on at the swinging wake  And they're all kind of done in a style to mimic daguerreotypes, which is an early style of photography  Um, and some of them around a sign that says tomb sweet tomb  Right, which is a funny cute little cross stitch  Um k abc horror funny and we like it.
 It is funny.
 It is cute next  Cross how do you jason? Do you know what a cross stitch?  I don't jane does though.
 Uh, and it's it's very nice.
 Uh, it looks very nice.
 Um  Um k abc horror host vampira had a sign.
 That's a tomb sweet tomb  In her set as well who stole can I i'm gonna sidetrack a little bit and I'm gonna  Back a little bit and I don't know if this makes scott happy or mad but a quick sidetrack  Uh is that we're talking about vampira.
 I believe that is how you pronounce it and then alvira people say, you know  they she stole the gimmick of vampira, which is sort of like a  What do you what was is she a vampire? I guess she's vampire is a vampire, but is alvira vampire?  She's just some sort of a scary monster  There is a there are ghouls.
 They are definitely ghouls.
 They are not ghosts.
 I think they're ghouls  Okay, they're both ghouls alvira.
 I bobby boris bobby boris pickett made the monster mash  And I found a song and I know there's a lot of these monsters sort of songs  I found a song by a guy named don hinson  and the rigor morticians  That I believe bobby boris pickett stole  Two and it was two years later when the monster mesh was written  That bobby boris stole a lot of the elements of it and made the monster mash and made it a big hit  and it blew my mind because  Like drum parts are pretty much the same the structure of it's the same.
 It's four chords  And I want to I want to learn more about this  I want to know who invented this maybe don hinson and the rigor morticians stole it from somebody  But i'd really like to break this case open did bobby boris pickett steal the monster mash  I want to throw that out to the listeners  Well, look get juliani on the case  He'll he'll he'll be invested as he is as he himself is a ghoul.
 Uh, yeah, we can all agree  Rudolph juliani is a ghoul hundred percent cool  um  No question there and I do want to give the song which is a very riboflavin flavored  non-carbonated poly  Unsaturated blood is the name of don hinson and the rigor mortician song that I believe  was stolen  To create monster mash  Monster match is probably a better song though, but they're both doing the same like boris carloff voice like this  Anyway, we'll look into it  I just wanted to say that because this is a recent thing.
 That's been just keeping me up at night  Well, and that's one of those we're gonna look back in 2021 when that is the biggest scandal in the country  And it'll seem so odd that it was just brought up in this casual way, right the hinson estate versus the boris pickett estate  By the way, if you don't look into bobby boris pickett and look into his other monster songs like the monster swim  And the monster rap  Because he has yeah, and then there's a couple like there's a song goofing on star trek.
 It's called star drek  A little mad magazine a very mad magazine style  Um, anyway, we're not getting we're not getting to leota are we well, this is where I find out  It's possible.
 I haven't how long have we been going do we know where there was a break?  Uh, there's like an hour I think an hour and 15.
 Yeah, I think we still got some time  Let's keep it.
 I got some time.
 Can we um talk about the wallpaper?  Yeah, this this purple wallpaper, yes with the eyes, yeah the purple wallpaper, I mean  I I think it was always popular  I think people always liked it, but it feels like there was a moment like  10 15 years ago  Where everyone was just stepped on the gas?  And I I don't know if it's disney was like we got to merchandise this more  Or people on netzy are like we got to sell  We got to sell some stuff with this wallpaper, but I feel like there is so much wallpaper now  You mean as far as merchant you mean like wallpaper merch at wallpaper merch to the point where you can buy wallpaper of the wallpaper now  Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah, and like there's a dress pattern with this wallpaper.
 Yes the wallpaper pattern  The wallpaper never really struck me as like you maybe 10 years ago  I wouldn't have said oh, that's the one of the iconic things but it does feel like you're right if you go in the gift shop  There's a lot of  Representation of the wallpaper on items and clothes.
 Yes, and in terms of third-party sellers  I have to give jane credit on this one because I said I was going on etsy to try and find wallpaper merchandise  And she said see if there are garters and sure enough there are garters  Is this because of what we were talking about on the on the patreon?  No, this is another spooky coincidence that has happened to me recently that happened to me  Before she said look up garters and then it came up naturally on the bagged halloween costumes episode  Yeah, so on the patreon we discussed uh, the and I was like a memory of been unlocked the bizarre thing where the problem they make  17 and 18 year olds males like take a garter off of a woman's leg of the yes  They're 17 or 18 year old dates leg usually this is we're we're discussing it as if we haven't there's a part of me that wants to  Delete that discussion and forget and remove it for all of time  So upsetting is that idea this thing that happened to all of you at prom?  I don't understand we can move on we can move on but yes, you can get a garter if you wanted a haunted mansion wallpaper  Garter, but there's more that's this is an etsy one though.
 That's an etsy.
 Oh, yeah, this is on official  They're not selling garters at disneyland.
 Yeah, not selling this filth anymore.
 Yeah  Yeah, they used to have a garter store on main street.
 Yes, it opened  That is true where walt would go in and fit you for one  On opening day people got their garters stuck in the fresh cement.
 So they have to give out  Fresh ones, but there's more wholesome stuff one etsy.
 You know, here's a wall like the light switch cover  You put on a wall cute.
 Here's a face mask  Cute here's a face mask.
 Uh, and then here's another gonna predict to that last year.
 Yeah, here's another face mask  This is a different face mask  And then this is a face mask and then lastly a face mask  Those are five different sellers five different styles of masks.
 So  If you want some wallpaper merch you can get official stuff.
 You can get on official stuff.
 It's there  um  Credited to roly crump, but I also saw people citing a woman named tanya  Norris  well  here's yes  it's a little confusing because I saw tanya nor speak at midsummer scream last year and it was  Fascinating because she hadn't really been interviewed in years and she she worked with walt's like traveled on walt's plane with his wife to  Go to like new orleans to like find decorations and things to put in the mansion  And stuff to put around new orleans square to make it authentic and she is very upset  About the wallpaper in the mansion  But in hindsight, I can't remember if she's talking about the wallpaper in the stretching room because she just said it's been replaced  I understand things have to change but she was not pleased  That her original like wallpaper that she picked out was not quite the same anymore  So I'm a little into garret type nixons.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  I really know I got at it.
 I think though.
 I think it's probably different wallpaper than this eye wallpaper, but I could be wrong  I think I guess she did the original version and then roly crump in the sorrel book  It's it credits the wallpaper to roly crump  With the guiding hand of claude coats and I i've written out roly crump  Phonetically because I always say roly  Um, I also think there is some dispute between these some of these people about whose thing is what?  I've read like just there's certain people take credit for things and I think other people don't think that's correct  So it's still a little cloudy when it comes to these details  Yeah, so if you can catch them at a cocktail party when those sorts of things happen again  You might get a different story than documented the official publications and and roly tanya and bob all alive all still alive  All still alive.
 Yeah for sure.
 Yeah, so  You can get their perspective  And I guess the last thing to be said more eyes the wallpaper is all these creepy looking things are all eyes more eyes watching you  More eyes the mansion is alive keeping an eye on you  I yeah eyes  Luckily the eyes are not more together because I do have a little thing where like when eyes are like really close together  That is extra scary to me.
 There was a character called eye guy and power rangers  No, yeah, really freaked my sister and I out because he was just made of eyes  Do you know who eye guy is anybody know who eye guy? I know yeah  Nope.
 All right scott.
 I have to show you eye guy real quick  Uh, yeah, he's he's gross.
 There's a newer x-man character called eye boy too, and he's just got a face full of eyes  And it is creepy.
 I mean nothing's as creepy though  Is that channel zero tv show that just had a creature made of teeth? That's one of the most upsetting things  They put that in the haunted mansion.
 I think everyone would be upset  Uh here right here.
 That's eye guy  No, I can't I still recall a guy.
 I like his I kind of like him.
 Yeah, he's a cute.
 Yeah.
 Whoa.
 Whoa cute  Yeah, smile.
 It's like he's got like a cookie monster face.
 Bah  All right.
 All right.
 Well, we'll throw it up.
 Do you think the power ranger villain eye guy is cute?  They're kind of googly.
 That's why they're cute.
 They're a little they're in the  Ballpark of googly.
 Maybe i'll come around there was something else.
 I oh I took that I declared um, uh the mummy guy  Uh cute Arnold V.
 Sloop  Uh, no, what the who's the the character?  The from the  Yeah, yeah, I thought yeah.
 Yeah, I found emo tep cute.
 Oh, yes  And I don't understand.
 Yeah, it's hard to turn the trick  Um, uh, so so that's the wallpaper the clock you want to talk about the clock?  Clock yes, i'll let you do it though.
 No, you probably got a lot of stuff  No, I don't have much on the actually I just have this a rel page uh bookmarked for the clock.
 Um  So because there's I mean it's great  And a big shadow hand moves in front of it and that's scary and there's like a demon face in it  and I don't think I realized until I saw the book that the  Well, I don't know what part of the clock it is the big chime.
 I guess  Is a is a forked tongue  adds to the whole demon face of it all right and that is so that's an appearance of like a demon character  I guess a whole other thing right a whole other thing new type.
 Yeah  Yeah, so that's from gobblet.
 They should mention.
 Um, and the is this where  Here.
 Oh, sorry.
 Well, I was gonna say the only number on it is the number 13 where the number 12 usually is  A spooky number that apparently that shows up later  Uh in the ride  Um, I also we're in this zone where you start going backwards  This is another one where I if i'm questioning do I like haunted mansion holiday when you get to those wreaths the wreaths rule  What are people going on about if you don't like love the wreaths?  I think there's just singing little plants.
 Amy.
 Coney.
 Barrett is an originalist  When it comes to interpreting the constitution and some people are just originalists when it comes to haunted mansion, you know  Well, there's a prediction that I will make  Uh that i'm sure won't it won't be undone even by the time this episode comes out  That republicans are going to do the right thing and you'll realize that they need to leave her on the bench until the american people  Have spoken i'd also like to say that by the time we're uh doing probably the ballroom in 2021  Uh, if donald trump if you're hearing this, I hope you're enjoying jail  Well, I'd like those words against me  I would like to uh back up what you're saying here because I think you  I would bet that all the 75 000 I was going to spend on that hand  I would put it up against I would put it in favor of what you're saying  That's right.
 And now he will be given podcast access and he will be listening to podcasts the ride  Because he thinks he can escape and think about a fun ride and not hear me say enjoy jail  For your crimes, sir, and I just want to say congratulations to president howie hawkins  It was so exciting to vote for you in the state of ohio where i'm an official resident  and uh  Yeah, boy, I really don't know howie hawkins.
 He's the green party candidate.
 Look  Oh, I have my boy shows you how much i'm paying at that my piden ballot ballot has already been accepted by the  The state of california.
 I can make this joke.
 It's fine  So is it now what I saw was that's in this zone that this night  Appeared and what we're talking about if we talked about the night animatronic  But that there was a point in time where there were real characters  They tried having real characters jump out and scare you on this ride  And tony baxter tells a story and I see it's a fun story, but maybe it's true  Uh, I don't know why I should doubt it, but he claims like somebody got punched  At a certain point.
 That's what the book implies too, which yeah, that's an issue in a lot of these kind.
 Yeah, that's true  That's probably possible  It seems hard to get some leverage on punching just from that seated position in the in the doom buggy  But I guess I guess if somebody  Yeah, if they like kind of invade your personal space on the left past sort of the barrier in in the doom buggy  I guess you just go ah and like  I would probably I would do more of a shove I think than a punch  Well, if you punched a knight in the face, that would hurt a lot that would  Uh really ruin your hand.
 I would think yeah, it would be like the jim carrey the batman forever scene where jim carrey tries to punch a guy  He's like show me how to punch a guy  And then he's ah then two-faced does it easily?  So um  I uh, where does they tried this in the 80s? Yes, uh at least if not multiple times  That's the one i'm aware of jason.
 What is your time timeline for that stuff?  So I came across yeah that they tried in the 80s.
 They thought disneyland was getting a little stale  and  There is an interview with a cast member named kyle clark who was one of the people was one of the live action people  And he said that they actually had free rein to roam  from like the graveyard to the endless hallway  and one of the issues was  That some of the cast members were less than trustworthy and would just like hang out backstage for a lot of their shift  or  They would just there were scams going like that people would go into the parts room  And steal like backup pieces and then sell them on the black market like people would flip pieces of the mansion  And he that's why he said like  Not that it was you know, it was a pain in the ass and they had to staff it but like later on he heard there were scams going on  With people selling like buzzy stuff, you know  So that was the primary reason was you just couldn't trust a disneyland cast member to hang around the mansion in that capacity  I am sure it was not the necessarily the primary reason i'm sure like budget and staffing and all of that had to be  factored in this I they were also trying the  That was the time they tried the phantom of the opera kind of character  Who would be in the corridor of doors sometimes sometimes he'd be in the queue  And um, yeah, that did not go over great  In 1999 he was the night was in the corridor doors and then in a 2019 special event the night  The live action night showed up in the endless hallway presumably for the 50th anniversary of the mansion  I think here's my stance on this and I think that  I don't think don't do the like try to like jump in front of the car like car or anything like that or try to come on the side  I do kind of like  Whatever there'll be a couple like new figures somewhere in the mansion every time you ride that sounds fun to me  And it's kind of a it's much more subtle than a like a jump scare.
 I think I would be all for that  But I don't think I I don't think it's gonna make the mansion better to have like  A valencia teen scaring you I mean live actors always scared me like as a kid  If you'd be at a carnival or like a beachside amusement park and there was a haunted house  I loved the haunted mansion, but then there were sometimes besides like caution  There are live people in here in costume and that always just scared like I just the idea of that that like there could be a chaotic  Who knows what a live person would do, you know  Yeah, I get what you're saying, but I think I think not don't do if you knew it was just not jump scares  But like there would be like an extra night hanging around.
 I kind of think that's cool  Yeah, moving stuff around.
 I think it's cool  The the idea that the boardwalkers of work will occasionally move the nanny chairs the spooky nanny chairs  To different rooms or different places sometimes the other chairs you like those chairs  Assess those chairs for a nap, please  Oh, um, you know, I think it's for a you know, a care worker taking a load off  I don't think those are meant to be sat in for extended periods of time but are a blessing when you need one got it  Wow  It's like you've thought about it a lot.
 No one is able to assess a chair for its comfortability.
 Yeah, no  That's what that's what the people want  When there's when county fairs open up again, we need to open up again  We need to open up a booth where people bring you a picture of a chair  You assess it for a dollar.
 Sure  What kind of relaxing do you do in this chair? Yeah, just rattles it off  Uh  Dare I say can we did we can we talk about?  Madame leota here it is.
 There it is.
 I think no need to fear to it.
 No need to  Wow, here we are  Oh my gosh  I was I I think I was worried about coming up short.
 I mean this was my goal  I just try to like reach goals like if you're you know, like if you're running what's my distance gonna be?  And uh, you know my outside goal was ballroom.
 I'm not sure about that one, but uh, uh leota and seance circle  I uh, this is this is good.
 This feels good to me.
 Yeah, okay.
 We are uh, this is this is the first I think  Truly iconic scene.
 Yeah, if you've been to disney  Everybody remembers this  Maybe your average dad doesn't remember the wallpaper or that there's multiple doors  Or the raven, but he does know there was a head in a glass circle  He knows that  Yeah, well and it's where it all kind of opens up because we've been in some very narrow scenes and now suddenly this is very  Grand we actually like it's it's much taller  Uh, this the scope of it is huge the chairs start moving in a different way in this round way  We're incorporating kind of a new kind of ghostly magic that we're bringing.
 You know, like the the tarot card worlds into it  Yeah, I mean this it's uh, yeah, this is an amazing iconic scene  Yeah, and this is uh changed a few times over the years.
 There's there's some pretty decent  Uh, there's some decent footage of the original  Which is not like it was more it was more stationary  illusion, yeah, the floating was added in 2005 for the  50th anniversary kind of a much derided event  I feel like I I didn't see any of the 50th anniversary stuff  But I feel like people were not exactly thrilled about it.
 But  The 60th was kind of a wash  So I don't know how bad the 50th could have been because if they had a  I mean the floating leota alone is such an impressive effect  Well, 65th was uh real bad 65th for sure.
 That was this not great.
 That's what i'm saying.
 Yeah  Yeah, I was surprised that the the the floating was so recent  I I maybe thought it was earlier in the 90s at some point  Do we have a preference? Do we think we we like it floating? Do we recall liking it not floating?  Um, it's an interesting question because this is a room that tony often cites as  Something that needs a plus up  And I agree with it  And I think i'm trying to really figure it.
 I like the floating a lot  but  I think that like  I maybe i'm just like a little too cynical where I see the wires on the musical instruments around  I don't know the whole room now to me feels a little little cheap  See I was going to say the opposite that I think this room is a good  Illustration of like you don't need many things to plus it up like they could add a few things like this to the loading area  And I think it would be a much  A greater a great improvement.
 I I think the effect in the ball still looks cool for the most part  I don't need it floating sort of in that very I don't know boring.
 I I  It might be a wash to me honestly that it's floating versus just sitting because I think that the illusion of leota tombs's head  In there is is the draw  I like that.
 I like the floating through the room  Yeah, I don't know i'm neither here nor there like it's I don't think it's like  Unbelievably better.
 I think it was really exciting when it came in  And then it really made you question.
 Well, how are they?  Doing this projection because that's changed a couple times.
 It's moved from front to inside  And I feel i'm still confused about it.
 Are they are they projecting the face?  From the front now still currently I feel like I read that they do which I don't know how they do it through the  the the sphere  Right.
 Yeah, I think  I was reading a little bit and I yeah, it was my understanding it was sort of similar to just how they've always done like the  heads in the cemetery  But I see what you're saying that makes it like it seems like that's an extra level of how is that work  And I did not there was a point in time.
 It was definitely done from the front when it  Started.
 Yeah, they're they're right.
 They're projecting  The video on to is still a bit of a  video on to is still a bust of a face, um,  it I think when they  Like they had to update it and change it  It was done  It was being projected on old film and then they updated to laser discs and that prompted  It to be updated and they wanted to like look can we crack this even better?  And then so suddenly they started projecting it from the inside and they built a very small projector  Of that kind of like domes out like it's a reverse fish eye which allows it to you know  Spread as far as it can within the round head  Um, and there's a patent that you can look up on one of these sites on doom buggies or something  Where they show how that works having a little projector inside which is that also how they do buzz lightyear is uh in the queue for  Or right right space ranger spin or whichever the many names of that right ester buzzer.
 Yeah, you say that and those do feel similar to me  As i'm thinking about how they look so that may would make sense to me that that was the same  The same tech I think so.
 I think it's coming from the inside  I think they move around so much like where else what other common point could there be that you're projecting?  But then I also remember hearing how  Like some of the mouths and radiator strings racers are still ours done from the front  Even though those characters move around a lot and that sometimes if you look real close  You'll catch them moving out of sync and that a little lens has to move around.
 It's a little like  Uh, there's the italian because luigi and then his little like helper guy  Um, like they have to move the lens around as he hops around.
 Yes.
 I have I have seen yeah you that illusion  I think you can see a little more clear  For whatever re probably because it's a little lighter in that car's ride  Um, but uh, I I do think that with the floating  Because when it was being projected from the inside they had they did it from the table like it's wired up through the table  And when they started floating it again, I think now they have to follow it and I think somewhere there is something projecting  Uh from outside onto the front of her face again, but where where is it in that room? Yeah, that's a very good question  Um, it really is a testament.
 There's all of these things that we that we still aren't totally sure  Even though we've been to these websites and we've read the books  Um, I I honestly don't know or the explanation is so confusing that you're like, I don't know  Well, i'll just pretend it's magic right because I can't keep it straight in my magic  Um, I think one of the things that always worked on me as a kid  Uh one the voice is I don't think she's given enough credit  That was an actor named elinor oddly  um, and she was the voice of maleficent and the um  Stepmother the wicked stepmother in cinderella and kind of define that like disney villain voice.
 Oh, yeah that voice is  Iconic, I guess I don't keep yeah keep saying is it epic?  I mean it might be  I think it is fair to say because I always think of leo de tombs like as an enthusiast of this stuff  But I feel like she does not get enough credit.
 It's a great performance.
 It's a very well written  Script too from yeah, extencio.
 It is the most like ice cold delivery that she had  Like just the most like distant  Cold delivery that is so like creepy  Yeah, it's really great.
 Do we all want to take a turn? Do we all want to try some different lines?  Um, I guess  We're gonna do karaoke you're gonna challenge me i'll do it  I wasn't expecting are we gonna do it like she did it.
 I think so  We're just gonna do we're doing a reading sure why not it's church  Shh people want to hear the lines people like to hear the hits, you know, all right people are saying  They're saying it more and more and we're looking into it and we're going to make it happen  All right.
 I do I have to find the complete ride transcript here  Uh, I got i'm gonna try the creature one.
 I have it in the book right in front of me  Okay, you go go ahead first.
 All right  serpents and spiders tail of a rat  At calling the spirits wherever they're at  Damn people are shouting in their cars right now.
 They're freaking amped  I think part of the addition as time goes on part of the thing that adds to it  It's just the fact that like well, no one does like the mid-atlantic deliver like accent anymore  No one does that old hollywood like well now listen here you like it's kind of like uh,  Uh, the the upper crust characters in a marks brothers movie where it's just like  A little stuffy and sinister, you know, should I am I gonna do the next line?  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, okay  Wrap on a table.
 It's time to respond  Some send us a message from somewhere beyond  I almost had a dom parto there  Yeah, somewhere be a table  And you're with musical guest goblins and your host goolies  Oh the dom parto overlay of haunted mansion we want to make that happen, please  That's what tony wants it to yes.
 Um, is it my turn? It is your turn.
 Yeah  Okay, let's see  I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight  For my monster from his slab began to rise and suddenly to my surprise  He did the mash he did the mash  Musical guest bobby boris pickett  And host uh-oh that guy he stole it from don henson and the rigor morticians  I don't like to editorialize in these voiceovers, but they're probably gonna get into a backstage fight  Like bill and chevy did  Um, all right, I don't think I got it right but that's close enough  Yeah, that's pretty good, you know, we can't all be ellen or oddly, you know  And she had time to rehearse.
 She had time to rehearse.
 I put everyone on the spot.
 She had a take there.
 Yeah  uh, um, I mean so this is covered in the in the  Imagineering story and it's sort of a famous thing but the there's the whole the thing about the bus  So, uh the idea of projecting which comes back again in the graveyard later, obviously  But the idea of projecting onto a bust I think was a raleigh crump idea  Um, there was this there's this scary footage of one of the one of the great, uh, frequent disney voice actors hans  Conn reed who I believe was captain hook this footage of him live action as the magic mirror  In in snow white and it's from some special from the disney 50s tv special  But that's like kind of a pure white face filmed over black  And so they had that footage like what if he took that and you like put it onto a bust  There was a bust of beithoven around  uh, imagining somewhere so  They they tried that it didn't sync up at all, but it was kind of cool  Like well, it's a like sort of successful test.
 So then they realized well  what if we if we made it the bust of if we filmed somebody and then made the bust of them too and  They came to leota tombs who did work as a sculptor for Imagineering  She really downplays it.
 She when asked well, why is it you she says well because my eyes were the right distance apart  So she's very like flippant  About it  Now they they did replace her voice  um  Yeah with elinor oddly but she is the voice of hurry back  At the end.
 Yes, which is also an extremely good voice performance  Um, so she gets her voice in there too.
 And I remember I remember learning that and being very surprised because something about like  the  I like the vibe that you get from the otto tombs and if they felt necessary necessary to change her voice  I was wondering if her real voice was like awful.
 I was wondering if it was like lunch lady doris  Send us a message from somewhere beyond hurry back.
 What do you mean? You don't like it.
 Give me a reading here  Do it how you want it  Um, cool, but a real voice is quite lovely and quite haunting and wonderfully used  later in the attraction  And then this is very like super covered in the imaginary story  But if you don't know, uh, they did this again.
 They had to do new leota stuff for the haunted mansion holiday  Uh, so but leota tombs had passed away.
 So how do you do that?  How do you get somebody who could double so exactly and the effect didn't work?  Uh when it was not the right face why her daughter kim irvine?  Works at it works at imagineering still a major imagineering figure.
 These are both like not even just you know  They don't like just do some odd job at imagineering.
 They're like major imagineers.
 Yeah, uh mother and daughter  Yeah, so she got to participate in this and and do a tribute  uh to her mom and then and it's so wonderful in the  Uh in the documentary how she you know can take her kids on it and say there's there's grandma.
 That is very cool  I like that that stays in the family  um  Kim we've talked about before is like been in charge of like the the small world project to put the ip on it  And then she was doing the castle colors and she's just it seems like she's always stressed out by disney nerds  Like being mad at her for like ruining for not being an originalist  by the way, that's the name right now we're gonna use when it comes to people that don't want anything to change at the parks then  A theme park originalist.
 I think that's good.
 It's a good little there's a little like stink to that  Yes, good, and it makes us sound very academic.
 It makes sound very professional.
 We're using like language, you know  term terminology  I do we need a new one that isn't popular.
 I mean, I think populist works otherwise, but I know populist isn't a bad word  But I try I don't know trump ran as a populist four years ago  I mean he's not doing it now  But is it but bernie's a popular? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, I I sort of  I just wanted it to be gone from the steve bannon trump use of it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah now being that  Populism is not necessarily bad  Okay marvin, I believe was also doing the newer entrance to anaheim's tomorrow land which was kind of in the works as the park shut  down  Uh back in march.
 Oh really? Okay, which was going well and that that's cool.
 Nice so far  Yeah, clean line out of 98 trash aesthetic  You know, I guess that's the one thing you can say about like I feel like the instruments  you know, I guess the instruments floating were always there but  That is kind of like there are some  2000s aesthetic stuff throughout the mansion from plus ups that could be swapped out for something a little classier  There is I don't know you don't have to fill that space in that room with anything crazy, but there are illusions  Especially there's one in tower of terror in tokyo disney c there's an effect in the in the pre-show  That is so amazing and they have something they've used in other things in the american parks  But there's scott, you know i'm talking about there's a disappearance  There's a disappearing thing that blew our minds so much you could employ these newer versions  I'm sure it's just an old trick with a newer version.
 You can employ some new cool version of that trick in there  You could i'm sure there's a couple  Little things and again, you don't have to fill up the space or anything  But I bet you really could take that room to another level with some like higher tech  Illusion that would still feel like kind of low tech in its execution.
 Like yeah, you don't want it to be like  You're not adding a transformer screen in that room  Oh  leona shoots a hug a  Harpoon towards your car and then you fly along with her outside the mansion.
 Yeah  Evac comes to help you  Look out calling calling evac wherever you are.
 I'm here.
 Oh, no, that's optimus evac doesn't talk  Yeah, we're we're evac sorry sorry and then I mean it's easier remember  I guess we should count our blessings because if that haunted mansion movie had like  like you know  Broken records or like blowing the door off stuff like i'm sure  jennifer tilley  Would have been around or like they tony talked about like we thought about maybe adding some conservatory stuff to the loading area  but then the movie came out and that was a whole thing and  Yeah, it doesn't feel like it would have worked  Good about jennifer tilley also the the second guest on the episode of leno that I appeared on right? Oh, yeah  1994 all these  Coincidences coming up this year garters and during retrograde  Yeah, and a broken computer plug and a broken computer plug  Um, so I don't want to trash this room.
 Sorry scott.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, I um, yeah, there's something about yeah  They just feel like a little like sheepo.
 Maybe those things spinning around in the air  Yeah, and I feel like that didn't used to strike me and maybe another thing  I like when the haunted mansion holiday rolls around that you get all those those cards and like what yeah  I guess they're also 2d but that's just sort of the the estate like the haunted mansion all it is more like  Silly 2d cartoony right in general.
 Yeah, yeah, and certainly more than the haunted mansion movie  I watched a haunted mansion movie a couple years ago when I was like, oh this is  it's it's this I appreciate the craftsmanship that goes into it, but I was like  Oh, this movie is kind of a nervous like I was like, I don't know if I like this aesthetic  You know, I think I like it when it's melded with the haunted mansion  Mm-hmm, right?  um  Yeah, wait, well, I mean we didn't yeah, we didn't like that movie  So you can listen to that from last year, but we did like the nelly video.
 That's where that's probably  Oh, I mean nightmare before christmas the movie.
 Oh, didn't I wait? I think you said on a minute.
 Oh, no  No, it yeah.
 No didn't really care for the haunted mansion movie  Like the big digital bridge at the end the ponchon train.
 I believe I was corrected  And of course, of course the great wallace shawn  Oh, yeah, I mean, he's just a killer wallace shawn is the only  Character in the movie that would be fine on the ride.
 I think  Would fit seamlessly into the ride  mike, do you feel like you're like  Arguing like do you have like a villain in your head who doesn't like wallace shawn and you're like ready in every episode to  Defend him go to war for on his behalf  Uh, yes, I think I see anytime he comes up.
 I I imagine like a schoolyard bully who's like wallace shawn sucks  And i'm like, no, he's not he's in a great actor very unique and a good playwright  If there was that bully you would have even though that's such an offensive opinion  You would almost have to try to become friends with him because like you'd be like, well, this is a weird kid  That if he's making his bully stance being stridently anti wallace shawn  Yeah  I've seen my dinner with andre over 15 times and I can't get into it  Wait a minute.
 Wait  Maybe we were  Did we just become best friends? The designated the timeline on the designated mortar doesn't make any sense  Uh, I've seen his play five times in the first month of quarantine  I read a book of his essays and two of his plays and the plays are the craziest fucking things  The essays are very personal and endearing  And just about society and and everything and he's so thoughtful and the plays are the most  kookiest like dark absurd things and I was like, I cannot believe  Because he usually plays a character in one of the plays so to read these  These bonkers lines coming from his mouth is so crazy  And i've told you the story of seeing that I assume on the podcast  Yeah, I was sitting in front of armin shimmerman who played quark on deep space nine  And wallace shawn played a faranghi also on deep space nine in a guest starring role a couple episodes  And it uh at the halfway point when we all we all got up armin goes, huh? Oh, I thought it was over  Well  Well, I guess we'll see what happens next  I  Not know how plays worked he was just like that was long  It's long.
 It is long.
 It's like close to three hours and then I hope you won't I hope you won't mind me telling the story  But then ryan perez sort of hung around wallace and andre gregory who had directed the play which was crazy  His co-star in my dinner with andre and he like kind of was hovering around a birthday celebration for andre  That was happening in the lobby and he like he went up and said uh, good show to them  And it was very nice.
 They were very nice  Yeah, well, I guess we're heading for our uh year-long intermission.
 Um on this series.
 We're almost there  I I there's one more little thing I I had which is that um  The I I didn't I I really never do this.
 This is I think is from doom buggies the website that there is a  Uh you if you wanted to get out of your doom buggy and walk up to leota's table  You could not do it because there is no floor there  Uh, it is done in the dark so they don't build anything that you don't see  Um, thus there is no floor.
 Why would you need it? It still is bizarre to me that i'm still like picture  Like why would there be like a chasm but that is  Uh, that is the case like there's a 15 foot drop if you tried to make that walk  And somebody who worked there said they added a rope net one year.
 You've probably heard why  And then the editor of the site fills in well because somebody once tried to leave their doom buggy and go to the table  And then they they fell a pretty good distance.
 That's a giant fall.
 Gee.
 Yeah.
 Wow  There's oh, there's a net there  Yeah, there's a net  And not only that for whatever reason I guess it's just I just don't  It makes the this the room is going to be so much creepier to me next time I go in  There because knowing that it's just this big chasm and there's a ton of space underneath  That for whatever reason I guess just because like  I don't know.
 Well, there's a bunch of empty space.
 We should do something with it  There were a bunch of props and spare animatronics from other attractions sitting around under the circle.
 Oh my god  And this I don't know the last name is pots  I don't know who's saying all this but this person says when I was around  A wendy figure from peter pan's flight was down there as well as spare crocodiles from the  crocodiles from the train track, oh  That's like the stuff of nightmares  Yeah, just unmoving  Like mismatching animatronics.
 Well  The plus up I have is let's see the moat that surrounds the table and fill it with crocodiles  They have spare crocodiles ghost crocodiles surround the table in a moat  And add a very quiet audio track of the wendy voice going  help  help me  crocodiles help me  There's crocodiles down here  There's crocodiles down here help me  And the body of a guy who fell two years ago and nobody spowned him  This is also like this is just a pet peeve of mine.
 I feel like this is the room  where someone fires off a flash  the most because it is an interesting  to upload and take a picture of  and that just kills it because then your eyes have to read and I just hate that  because everyone these flashes are automatic on phones now and it thinks it's dark it needs a flash and no one ever thinks to look  So don't take pictures folks  No  No, you're not supposed to take pictures the whole place is dark  Hey, I agree  Have your chest mounted gopro  If you do it, yes, make sure that flash is off  Yeah  Yes, anyway  Well on that stern warning  Look, Ernest Hemingway always said stop working when it's good and like stop working at a good stopping place and going from the seance circle into the next scene  That's so great.
 That's perfect for us.
 That's such a great note to pick up on next year  We're ending on an Ernest Hemingway lecture  That's right  He a ghost  Ernest Hemingway always said this  Alright, we'll be back  And A, if you get to see his house in Cuba, check out Ernest Hemingway's ghost  Is he a ghost or a ghoulie?  I think he's a ghost  Yeah  I mean, yeah, are we agreed here or do we do like one arbitrary thing? What's like the closest thing in the ballroom?  Could we say one thing or is there a cliffhanger?  Handrail  The handrail  Start off the year.
 Yeah, there's a handrail, right? Isn't there a handrail preventing you from jumping out?  You mean in front of the actual ballroom?  In front of the ballroom window  I mean, yeah, there's something like that  Okay, so the handrail, because I like that thing that we like, I like to teaser for last time.
 Is there anything we can throw out? I'm like watching the ride through.
 Is there one little thing?  Well, you know what's a name we can, I know, I know, because I like shouting a name for energy at the top.
 Let's next year start with the name of the guy who's kind of drunk and hanging off of the chandelier  Oh, of course.
 Yes, yes, yes, that's good.
 Perfect  That's a good thing to shout.
 We will celebrate the accomplishments of that ghost at the top of next year's episode  That's good.
 Should we negotiate how many minutes this room is going to take?  There's a lot of characters in here.
  Should we settle on it now?  Well, no, maybe, or maybe that's a poof.
  We decide now.
 How do we decide though? Because we will never gonna, we're never gonna come to terms.
  Yeah.
 Well, Jason and I, 45 minutes I think each one.
  Now you think at 90 minutes.
 Look, I already lost.
 I wrote down, I lost the prop bet with myself that we would stop at the end of the corridor of doors.
 So that's okay.
  That's only two rooms.
  No, that's three rooms.
 The endless hallway, the conservatory, the corridor of doors.
  Here's what I'll say.
 Here's what I'll say.
 I think in my head when we started this, I thought it would be fun if the one year was just Hatbox Ghost.
  So next year would just have to be Attic and Ballroom.
  Yeah, I guess.
  Well, you get into.
  Because Hatbox is its own episode.
  It's a lot of changes.
  In what, 2022?  Yeah.
  I think it's fun.
  This is, I'm going to have a high schooler by the time we're done with this.
  He'll be going to the show.
  I'm going to be bidding him a due to, yeah, he could be the guest.
  You will be, and that episode like Boratu will be a love letter to your teenage daughter, you know?  That's right.
  The one you predicted.
  Like, yes.
  Honestly, that's not so crazy because then at that point it's the graveyard and the end follow you home.
  The ballroom is dense.
 It's very dense.
 I think we can all agree on that.
  I mean, that means there's really just three episodes of Haunted Mansion proper left.
  That's not so bad.
  That's not crazy.
  Yeah.
  I guess that's not bad.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  I guess when you put it that way, we got to commit to that three, I think.
  Okay.
 I'll commit to the three.
  We can get it done in three.
  Yeah.
 Three more years.
  For Anaheim.
  Which will bring it to Anaheim.
  For Anaheim, of course.
  For Anaheim.
  Oh, man.
  Yeah.
  There's a multiple Haunted Mansions.
  For Anaheim, three more, I think.
  I'm going to start learning French now, let alone.
  All right.
 Well, we'll negotiate the terms here.
  All right.
 Well, with that, you survived Huntcast, The Fright, Year 3, and the whole thing.
  I hope you had fun.
  We covered a lot of ground, some silly shows, and some bagged Halloween costumes, and some Eddie, Frank, and Murphy.
  That was a blast in general.
  And I don't know, any thoughts about 2021?  Do we dare?  I don't want to be on record.
  Yes, in this case.
  Things are a tad in flux.
  Almost anything is on the table.
  Everything is tense.
  Everyone is tense.
  Yeah.
  I'm just happy that no matter what, we don't this time have to say, well, next year, boys, you'll be heading for an election.
  Yes, that's true.
  And we'll be done with Disneyland, Son of Mansion before the next election.
  Yeah.
  Well, all right.
  Yeah.
  When you put it that way, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
  Right.
 Not so bad.
  We'll almost be 40.
  Insane.
  This is getting close to 40.
  I've had no plans for what happens in the next five years in my life.
  The only things I know now are that we'll be doing the What's Different in Disney World in 2024.
  Exactly.
  I have one plan.
  It's good to be present.
  I've been reading a book on Zen Buddhism, and I learned that our delusions and attachments are the things from keeping us from realizing in enlightenment that we are all the Buddha.
  I do know.
  Whoa.
  See.
  Also, subscribe to our Patreon.
  It's patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Yeah, that's the wisest of them all would say do that.
  Yes, sir.
  I will say if unless we have anything else, I would like to go out playing Don Hinson and the Rigor Morticians, riboflavin flavored non carbonated poly unsaturated blood.
  If you would allow me.
  That sounds right.
  Yeah.
  Let's just play the first half of the first verse and then we'll do the second half of the first verse in 2021.
  Happy Halloween, everybody.
  When the moon arises in the western sky, and the vampires are out on the slide.
  At times they have trouble finding next to bite.
 That's why I concocted my new delight.
 My rival flavor, non carbonated poly unsaturated blood.
  Forever.
  Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  Follow up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
