 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate,  a Patreon about theme parks,  unless we're talking about unwatchable film and TV  byproducts of Las Vegas magicians.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  Jason Sheridan's up in that Zoom window as well.
  Yes, I think I can conclusively say this is up there,  maybe one of the worst things we've watched.
  And you know, I can be quick to anger.
  I know that is a flaw in myself.
  And as I've gotten older, I realized it's less  a self-righteous anger, like when I was a younger man  and more, more just misunderstandings and confusions.
  And I'll be God damned if I wasn't confused by this thing.
  What a review.
  You know, I was more with you and then oddly I got on board.
  I think I was watching it in such short installments.
  And then surprisingly, Erin, my wife joined me  and started watching it with me and she was kind of on board.
  It just, maybe it was, maybe it's meant to be a group watch.
  Maybe that's what I discovered.
  Cause I was pretty grumpy until she joined.
  And then we started having a good time  with Billy Toppett, Master Magician.
  Mike Carlson, I feel like,  I feel this is your fault primarily.
  For sure my fault.
  I actually don't remember what's the episode  where I bring up the fact that I learned about Billy Toppett.
  I'm not sure.
  And yeah, I was trying to recall if this was like  a pre-standing weird obsession that you were bringing in  or if you discovered it in the moment during an episode.
  It was not a pre-existing condition.
  It was not a pre-existing interest of mine.
  I feel like I looked it up at,  I think maybe I did even discover it while watching  or while doing the show.
  I don't know.
  We'll look.
  That sounds right.
  And I have a theory about when it came up,  which I think can sort of take us into the general facts  of what we're doing.
  As I said, we're talking about a film called  Billy Toppett, Master Magician.
  This is a film made by Lance Burton  and who is a magician, who goes by Master Magician  separately from his character,  his character Billy Toppett,  who is entirely different than the man Lance Burton.
  And I thought maybe we should talk about  what do we know about Lance Burton  or before you watched the film,  can we just say conclusively anything that we knew  about him going into this experience?  Well, I knew a little bit  and then I did a modicum of research  and I was kind of fascinated.
  I always thought of him,  like, cause I, anytime there was a magic special  on broadcast TV in the nineties was very popular.
  I can't remember at the time if it was Sweep Sweep  or if it was filler or what,  but it's very popular television format in the nineties.
  It was like an hour long magic special.
  And I remember Lance Burton,  after I saw the live Copperfield show,  I realized like, oh, I did not remember this guy's deal  at all, but Lance Burton, I kind of thought of  as like the Pepsi to David Copperfield's Coca-Cola.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I guess sort of the number two  in terms of prominent magicians,  prominent Vegas magicians especially.
  I just always remember seeing his face on the Monte Carlo,  which is now the Park MGM where we've all hung out.
  Yeah, I remember seeing his old very like airbrushed photo  big on that, but I never looked into it more.
  I guess I remember seeing TV specials.
  Did they air on like Fox Family?  Was he like a cable magic guy?  Oh, that's a good question.
  Yeah, I'm not sure, but that sounds familiar.
  That's in my head, like aesthetically,  whatever special I put on reminded me  of the Fox Family channel.
  Yes, and previously the Family channel,  then ABC Family, now Freeform,  and much sexier than it used to be.
  The 700 Club due to legal contracts  still has to air every night.
  Even though I just drove by their headquarters,  which is in the Burbank area,  and they had a big poster that said like,  kick them in the ballot.
  Like they still do like performative liberal stuff,  but then they have to air this like televangelist nightmare  every Saturday morning.
  The skeleton asking for money has to be on this channel.
  Is it every night?  Is that a nightly experience?  At least every weeknight.
  Like there is a moment where it switches over  and they have a disclaimer card that Freeform  does not endorse the contents of this programming.
  But due to old requirements,  every time the Family channel got sold,  one of the things in the contract was you have to keep  showing the 700 Club.
  Which like, thank God they put that disclaimer there  because there was a time where Pat Robertson on that show  said like, we deserve 9-11 for our sins.
  So then like that comes out of probably like at that time,  the Mary-Kate and Ashley sitcom, So Little Time.
  Like they're having some date troubles  and then all of a sudden, but this needed to happen.
  It was a punishment from God.
  Yeah.
  I saw some other Lance Burton stuff  that I thought was interesting.
  So we should make sure to make, Lance Burton was a star.
  Lance Burton was a star on TV.
  Lance Burton did the Tonight Show  under Johnny Carson 10 times.
  And then he did the Tonight Show under Jay Leno 10 times.
  They built the theater at the Monte Carlo for him.
  It was the Lance Burton Theater, 1274 seats.
  And they gave him a 13 year contract,  which at the time was the longest in Vegas history.
  Pretty good.
  Yeah.
  I had his magic kit as a kid, I realize.
  Whoa.
  That's a big one.
  He had a kit.
  And it was not that there's, I'm looking it up,  but I'm trying to find the exact picture.
  And there's a big one with like a hundred tricks.
  We did not have that, I don't think.
  I think I had more like cup and ball,  like cup disappearing thing.
  I'm trying to find the exact picture,  but I knew him as like a guy in a box.
  I don't think I even ever watched the specials.
  I liked magic, but I was not obsessed with it.
  Like I was obsessed with other stuff I liked.
  Yeah.
  The persona is kind of the foggiest thing to me.
  And the poster that I saw so ubiquitously  and probably this similar art on your magic kit  is he's just kind of like, he's like a slick guy.
  He's dressed in a tux and he's putting his hands out.
  It doesn't tell you a lot.
  It's not, it's not like, cause I see there's a,  I see there's a new updated type of this magic kit  for Chris Angel and it says mind freak.
  And you know, he, you can get his vibe from the picture.
  And yes, with Lance, it's like, okay, this is a,  this is a man who is slightly looks like David Copperfield,  but is not.
  That's kind of his vibe.
  He also, there's a really great clip,  which I'll try to post where he, from one of his specials,  that involves a ride because he narrowly escapes  getting run over by the Desperado coaster  at Buffalo Bills in Prim, Nevada,  the little town on the state line,  which all of those rides I would love to talk about  at some point.
  I watched a ride through of the Flume for some reason,  a little while ago.
  We're going to hit up Buffalo Bills,  but it's the lamest clip ever.
  Jason, you saw it?  Well, I know a lot about Prim, Nevada,  cause an old sketch team I was on wrote a show  because someone came back like from vacation was like,  Hey, do you guys know about Prim?  And it's like, it's a little town that was just like  a rest stop.
  And then they built three massive hotels and attractions  and they only sometimes work.
  And there's outlet malls there now too.
  It used to be called State Line Nevada,  cause it's right by the state line.
  And I believe known for cheap gas.
  And like, if you want to play both lotteries,  you can play or Nevada doesn't have a state lottery.
  California has a state lottery.
  Oddly enough, I feel like Nevada does not.
  So people would go across the state line to buy tickets.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Oh, interesting.
  Yeah, we always stop there.
  That's like a good, like, you know,  as you begin the big drive back or your go to stop  when you're almost in Vegas,  the rides seem like so shady.
  And in this Lance Burton clip, it's just a great,  like clear, you know, what's going on,  which is they like set the cameras still,  he takes out of some ropes and dives out of the way,  but they edit it to look way tighter than it was.
  It's like the most tepid little, you know,  barely avoiding disaster scenario you can imagine.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
 Someone found the artifact.
  Someone found like, there was a shadow behind him  this whole time.
  And when he jumps out of the way, the shadow is gone.
  They forgot to fix that in the edit.
  Like.
  Which is, which sort of paves the way  for the kind of care to editing that is featured  in his feature, Billy Toppett, Master Magician.
  Yes.
 The editing, not top notch.
  I will first ask Scott, you know,  you have a history with the great cult film,  The Room, of course.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah, yeah.
  When you rate.
 It was an early viewer of it.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  When you look at this movie versus The Room,  obviously The Room is a masterpiece.
  Yeah.
  So you, there are things, similarities that you appreciate.
  Cause I think they're in the same,  these are in the same ballpark.
  They, yeah, they are.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Off the top of my head, similar thing.
  I mean, I was thinking about The Room  because it has a part that's very room-esque with like,  hey, where's my money?  Give me my money.
  This very like vague understanding.
  Yeah, I guess movies have plots where people need money  from other people and they rough them up.
  It's also a hero who is often seen in a tuxedo  who is constantly praised from beginning of film to end.
  Ha ha ha.
  Who does not have any sort of journey.
  He's like always good and gets gooder.
  But I think the, I mean, this is an argument  I make about The Room a lot  that I think a lot of what is special about it  is that it was shot on film, famously shot on film,  but also shot on digital at the same time  with two cameras on top of each other.
  And you can see footage of the digital room  and it just doesn't, it's not the same.
  It just looks cheaper, chintzy, or it's like too hard  to watch, but when you watch something shot on film  and the care that goes into film,  that somebody like really like crafted the look of this.
  And then what you're, like I think with bad movies,  like something has to be done right.
  There's gotta be one good performance  or all right, I guess the costumes are good  or it's shot nicely or like the one decent element  kind of carries you through everything that is not so good.
  And that's sort of a problem with Billy Toppett.
  I'm not sure there is that one good element.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Off the top of my head, maybe it's just the dummy  that's in it is my favorite part.
  Maybe there's a ventriloquist dummy  and that might be the best.
  I don't think I, I'm not like particularly bothered  by the dummy.
  We talked about dummies recently.
  I'm not like scared of him or anything.
  He just didn't like land for me terribly.
  Well, I'm not, look, I'm reaching here.
  I'm not saying this is my favorite dummy.
  I don't like him better than a lot of other dummies.
  He falls, he's down the list of dummies that I like.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, we should say the other reason  why this might've come up is because when we talked about,  when we did our David Copperfield episode a while back,  I was recounting all of the stuff  about the magic themed restaurant devoted  to David Copperfield and how at some point  towards the end of it,  as things were getting more difficult,  the investors tried to stage a coup  and replace David Copperfield with Lance Burton.
  Quote from a newspaper, a Las Vegas magician  who they presumed would be more compliant.
  Which I guess is his deal in general.
  I checked with a magic industry insider expert.
  I don't think she would mind outing,  I'm talking about Eva Anderson, our friend,  who I was just like, do you know anything about Lance Burton?  And she checked with some sources  and said everybody likes him.
  He's everything that Copperfield is not, quote.
  I guess in terms of character being a nice,  so let's give him that.
  That I guess Lance Burton is a good guy.
  So everyone hates Copperfield  and everyone loves Lance Burton.
  I guess so.
  And Lance Burton is not as successful,  I mean he's very successful,  but not as successful as Copperfield.
  So that should teach everyone a lesson.
  Be more of a dickhead.
  Maybe the lesson is, I wasn't thinking be more of a monster,  but I guess that is what the lesson is.
  Yeah, I think the one thing that really confused me  about this movie is I think by all accounts  of entertainment success,  Lance Burton was very successful  and likely made a lot of money.
  And he could have thrown a little more money at this movie.
  Well look, they say don't self-finance your movies.
  That's what they famously say.
  That's true, but there was also a lot of money  floating around out there.
  So I feel like one or two more phone calls.
  Do we have Lance?  Do we have his net worth?  Let me look this up.
  This is never accurate.
  I checked a couple and a few different websites  said around 100 million.
  Those websites always seem suspicious,  but that seems like, I don't know,  it seems like a good amount of money.
  Put 50 million into the movie, Lance, come on.
  I even can.
  Well this is also, this is the Tommy Wiseau thing,  is that Tommy Wiseau on paper,  he's left a paper trail to where he has no money.
  And yet, mysteriously through whatever connections he has  that he will not speak of, he somehow managed  to put like six million dollars  into the production of The Room.
  It's like a deceptively high budget.
  Which I think is what they needed at least  to pull off Billy Toppett, Master Magician.
  I think honestly Tommy and Lance, and I don't know,  do we know that Lance self-financed this movie?  No, that's how it feels though.
  I mean it is produced by Toppett Entertainment.
  But there could be investors to Toppett Entertainment.
  True, true.
  We don't know necessarily.
  I'm just saying that Tommy and Lance maybe give me  some hope because it's so hard to make your own stuff  these days, maybe we should really be looking harder  into where Toppett Entertainment got its funding.
  And maybe Tommy as well.
  Maybe that's self-financing good for our own projects.
  Maybe for like Scott's show about Ruben Kincaid,  Colt Kincaid or Jason's show about,  what was the one you were gonna do?  Gale, the prequel to The Wizard of Oz  about Dorothy Gale's life on the farm.
  That's right.
  So yeah, for stuff like this,  maybe we need to look into sort of self-financing.
  There's gotta be a bunch of weirdo Las Vegas investors  that are around.
  Yeah, Toppett, if we fully produced a project  that said Toppett Entertainment at the beginning,  if it was exactly this also, like we're podcasters,  but we do it at a kid's birthday party.
  We're not, we play not the superstar podcasters  we are today, but like what it was like  when we were up and comers.
  Yes.
 Right.
  And we play like 15 year old versions of ourselves.
  And then we all went to high school together.
  At the end of the movie.
  We were all in high school dreaming of being podcasters  in 2002.
  And we were on like bumper car.
  We were, I'm not bumper cars, cause that's,  we know what that leads to, but yeah, we were all on  like the Gravitron at a carnival.
  And like, we were all like, like pushed to get back  into the wall and we all like made eye contact  and realized what we need to do in that moment.
  Yeah.
  This is something.
  Yeah.
 And then we went and discussed it  at the saddest diner you've ever seen.
  Let's start talking about what happens in the movie.
  And also if you wish to follow along with the film,  what I found initially is that this movie is available  for purchase on Amazon for $6.
  So that's your cost of entry.
  But then I discovered while watching it  that there is another way, which is that you can watch it  in pieces on YouTube broken up  amidst a Billy Toppett Zoom reunion that occurred  at the beginning of all, like in April, like this  in the early days of Zoom reunions, the cast  of Billy Toppett very kindly got together.
  They managed to carve out some time  and their busy schedules.
  So they did show the entire movie and left it on YouTube.
  The quality seems worse if you can imagine that.
  But I also feel, I'm just saying all this  in case you want to follow along.
  I feel like we should sort of cliff notes this  with the vague thought that the listener  may never watch Billy Toppett.
  What? Yeah.
  Just say in case, just in case  this is not a follow along scenario.
  That's weird.
  They wouldn't want to watch this movie,  but we've already made it sound so good.
  Let me say the synopsis, which might help  just clear through the clutter.
  A Las Vegas magician who performs  at children's birthday parties convinces the woman  of his dreams to be his assistant  while the local mob guys try to make him disappear permanently.
  That sort of gives you the overview.
  That's the bulk of it.
  But you know, it's so much more than that, obviously.
  Yes, there's a lot of different nuance  to the whole story as well.
  Yeah.
 Certainly.
  He has, you know, he has a gang of friends.
  Yes.
 Really does.
  He sure does.
  The friends, the friends is really,  here, let me go and let me go and order a little more.
  Sure, sure.
  We'll get another friend.
  I just want to say, I wrote down notes  before the movie even began.
  I had notes just from the Amazon order page  because a couple things.
  One, 111 minutes.
  Hell yeah.
  That's a real, now that's time.
  I don't want some 90 minute cop out.
  I want to be watching this for almost two hours.
  So thank you filmmakers.
  I also like, right off the bat, you look at the title.
  No colon.
  This is not Billy Toppett colon master magician.
  It's Billy Toppett master magician.
  They break from the strident formula  of Ace Ventura Pet Detective  or Deuce Bigelow male gigolo  or Bucky Larson born to be a star.
  All of our favorite comedic films with colons.
  They broke the colon curse.
  Yeah, and then on IMDB, it just calls it Billy Toppett.
  It doesn't even have the subtitle.
  Yeah.
  Correct, except that there is one with the subtitle  that only has one credit.
  I think one stray extra added themselves  and didn't attach it to the right thing  and just re-uploaded them.
  So if you want more information about the movie,  go to IMDB, it's Billy Toppett,  not Billy Toppett master magician.
  Yes.
  And further streaming, as I made notes too before this,  because I was trying to find,  can you only watch it rental or purchase on Amazon?  Billy Toppett, yes, is on IMDB.
  It does not show up in the iTunes store.
  It does not show up on Just Watch,  which I don't know if everyone uses Just Watch.
  Just Watch I find to be the easiest thing to search.
  How can I stream T2 judgment?  Search any movie.
  It's got 90% of streaming services on there.
  It's not 100% accurate, but it's pretty solid.
  It is on Letterbox.
  So it made it to Letterbox and IMDB and Amazon Prime.
  But it is a rental Amazon, whatever you call it.
  But there's some holes, there's some holes.
  Yeah, not full market penetration.
  Yeah, right.
  So you start the film, you get your Toppett Entertainment  logo, which has a rabbit and a hat and a magic wand.
  And then you get the first two shots,  which are not so blurry that I got kind of nauseous.
  So it has that going for that.
  There are two full shots before there is one  that is extremely blurry,  where I had to look away from the TV.
  And then it takes a different path.
  This does, did he just get a friend to shoot it  with a camera?  Somebody who was just like, yeah, I can hold a camera.
  I can set up a tripod.
  It's hard to convey.
  I was trying to think of a comparable aesthetic.
  I mean, it's extremely student film.
  It is just very much a student film made  by a man in his 50s.
  Yeah, that's about right.
  And honestly, I've seen some better student films.
  And I went to college at the time of The Office  was the most popular thing in entertainment.
  So I saw some rough student mockumentaries.
  Oh no, I'm sorry.
  This also, this in general took me back to film school  because it was so full of like shakily shot,  unconvincing mobsters.
  That's kind of like, I feel like a very recurring aspect  of student films.
  Evergreen, yes, no matter what.
  Tommy DeLeo says you'll be sleeping with a fishes.
  There's a couple of things I, yeah,  there's a couple of things about that.
  I think sometimes you take for granted,  like how casting is important.
  But I also think you can take for granted  how the presentation of a movie or a TV show  affects how you're viewing a performance.
  Because I remember very early, maybe it was very early,  maybe it was like 2000, 2001.
  And I saw a Star Trek fan film and it looked like this.
  They had gotten, like, and I've seen some,  somehow some of these, there's some of these  Star Trek films, they make, they get access to a bridge  or they build a bridge in someone's basement.
  And it honestly looks pretty good, but it is shot poorly.
  And the one I'm watching had Alan Ruck in it,  who, Alan Ruck is in Star Trek Generations,  my favorite Star Trek movie,  because it has the meeting of Captain Picard  and Captain Kirk and they meet and ride horses  because that's what everyone wanted.
  But Alan Ruck is in it and he's playing  the captain of the Enterprise B.
  And I remember watching him act and I was like,  this just seems like a guy.
  This doesn't seem like, I love Alan Ruck,  but he seemed worse, he seemed bad.
  And I was like, no, no, what?  And then I was like, oh, it's important  that everything else is good too.
  The writing and the camera,  because you could really make a person you like look bad.
  Mike, have you seen the CGI computer animated  Star Trek fan films?  I think it's like a web series someone discovered  where for whatever reason, every installment,  they go to the holodeck and meticulously recreate  the Price is Right set.
  I have not seen that, but that is high on my priority list now.
  The world of Star Trek fan films is immense  and like staggering, probably worth some sort of deep dive,  maybe on a separate podcast because I feel, yeah,  but I have not seen the thing you're talking about.
  That sounds wild.
  That was the early bit of quarantine madness  that someone discovered.
  And I didn't even watch all of them.
  I was like, this can't be true.
  And I would just scrub to the moment in each installment.
  And I was like, oh, yeah, there's the Price is Right set  again, they're playing the song.
  There are like seasons worth of Star Trek fan films.
  People make seasons of shows that have the production value  of Billy Toppett.
  Jesus.
  So yes, I-  What do you get out of it?  Besides when you take it to the one thing  that you show it at.
  I don't know the answer to this.
  And I guess it's like, yeah, you can show stuff  at Star Trek cons, which I have yet,  it's embarrassing.
  I have never been to the Las Vegas Star Trek convention  for being a pretty decent Star Trek fan.
  I'm not some, I don't know everything about it,  but I guess, yeah, you show it there.
  That's embarrassing?  Well, embarrassing in the sense that I claim  to be a big Star Trek fan.
  Yes, so embarrassing for me.
  That's my shame.
  That's what I feel shame over is never going  to that big Star Trek con.
  I was planning on going into it honestly this year.
  I had declared last year, this is the year.
  Nothing's getting in the way of me  and Star Trek convention in Vegas in August.
  And then something did.
  And you didn't do the whatever virtual equivalent?  That's what I'm saying.
  Like a real Star Trek fan could be like, fuck you,  you poser.
  And they would be, I would feel, I would be like,  yeah, you're right.
  You know, I have to take that.
  Being bullied by somebody for not attending the convention.
  I think Star Trek convention would be full of people  that had that opinion of me.
  After I explained that I had not been on the ride.
  I had not been to the convention before  and I'm in my third mid thirties.
  Hey, I heard all this.
  I know that you haven't done any of this  because I subscribed to your Patreon,  but I put money in your pocket, but fuck you.
  Give me my money back.
  Honestly, I would give them the money back  and it would be so great if somebody were like that  and mad at me for saying I'm a Star Trek fan, but not.
  So, all right, so we're in the movie.
  There's a, you know, he's on stage in the beginning  and he's twirling an assistant around.
  It's like he has a big successful show,  much like Lance Burton has.
  But then he wakes up and am I making this up?  I think he wakes up, whatever.
  He then, you see his real life  and he does not have a big show  because when he goes to work, eventually,  it is to a children's birthday party, imagine.
  But before that, you know how you,  I think a great way to get to know a character  is to watch him get ready in the morning,  to see what is their routine,  what is that little thing about them,  what does that tell you that's deeper about the character?  And in this case, I don't know if you guys picked up on this,  when you watch Billy Toppett get ready for his day,  this guy is obsessed with magic.
  You know, I did pick up everywhere.
  You know what I did?  And I just like to see characters getting ready  for something which happens multiple times in this movie.
  This movie has an embarrassment of riches  when it comes to establishing shots.
  They didn't have an embarrassment of riches  to produce these shots, but.
  Yeah.
  But they had a lot of them, a lot of shots.
  This guy, you know, he's getting ready,  he's brushing his teeth and you look up  and he's got a poster of Houdini up on his shelf.
  When he goes to sip his morning coffee,  he pulls up his mug and the mug has an image of Keller,  who one assumes is a magician.
  The guy loves magic.
  Yeah, he's doing card stuff,  he's doing card business while he's brushing his teeth.
  The cabinet appears to be magic,  I think when he's getting his cereal,  because it's like opening and closing  with a wave of a hand sort of.
  Oh, is that right?  He does little tricks?  Yeah, that's what I think.
  I think that's what they were going for, yeah.
  And he's good at magic.
  Yes.
  Yes, this is important.
  He starts the movie good at magic.
  This movie isn't like, you know, he's got something,  but there's also something holding him back.
  He's very good at magic from the get go.
  I've heard of, and I don't know if they've talked  about this in public, I've heard tell  of certain action stars have in their contract  that I cannot lose a fight in the movie I'm gonna be in.
  The Rock or Jason Statham, they don't want to look weak  in the film, which I think, you know,  that seems a bit silly to me.
  People know this is a movie.
  They know you're not actually in a real fight,  but I think some people feel like they need to do that.
  And I feel like Billy Toppett is a similar situation  where it was like, it's a funny idea  of this guy down on his luck doing kids' parties.
  Wouldn't it also be funny if he was bad at magic?  And he was like, no way, I'm Lance Burton, I'm very good.
  Billy Toppett is very good.
  Something funny about me being bad.
  And you're like, well, all right, well then,  where do you go, where does it go?  And he's like, we'll find a way, we'll figure it out.
  It's, yeah, he's so good at this children's birthday party  with it, which is massive.
  This is not like when you see the Ghostbusters  in part two at their sorry state  where kids are like beating them up  and it's like in a little apartment.
  This is a giant party.
  There are so many children there.
  And not only do they like the show,  they love it so much that when he leaves,  they all follow him out the door and chant magic, magic.
  He's such a hit.
  Yes, he's the greatest magician and he never made it, right?  Like, is there, how much, yeah, like,  you would think this guy would be performing in Las Vegas.
  He's so good.
  Yeah, I mean, he's clearly like set up shop  in Vegas with that intent.
  There was something that stuck with me,  maybe it's in the next seat.
  No, I guess it was when he was getting ready.
  He gets like stiff poster board  and makes a high collar for his shirt.
  And he's already wearing a very elaborate ruffled shirt.
  And it's like, I think it would come with that collar.
  Like, I feel like you can buy that.
  I don't know, I thought it was setting up like a low moment  someone would rip his collar off and rip it in half.
  That does not happen.
  Hmm, so he's a fraud that he had to prop up  his own high magician's collar.
  That is not at all a high starched collar.
  Yes, you are a fraud with poster board or foam core board.
  I oftentimes will declare like a moment  of the most something moment on this podcast.
  And I think this little conversation  might be the most alienating,  hard to explain conversation to anybody.
  That we're talking about Billy Toppett's collar.
  Huh?  Seems universal to me.
  Like somebody's in their car going like they're talking.
  They're talking about me.
  We're taking a piss at Billy Toppett's unstarched collar.
  That moment just doesn't land.
  Yeah.
  The collar, I know what you're saying, Jason.
  Cause the collar, there's a lot of potential  for collar humor, you know?  I think in general, I like collar humor.
  You can use a collar to indicate someone's just been like  making out in a closet or something.
  Or they were just beaten up.
  Or maybe they're like, yeah, it's down on their luck.
  And like they slept in a weird spot last night.
  A lipstick on collar.
  Like a regular bag.
 Lipstick on collar.
  Can we think of any other collar material  from famous films we like?  One of those no good mobsters could grab him by the collar.
  Collar gets pulled out.
  He escapes.
 That's right.
  Does not on the docket for this movie.
  So it's like somebody has a gun and then nobody fires it.
  It's Chekhov's collar.
  It's Chekhov's collar.
  You know what I, David Mamet wrote a short book  about directing film.
  And take it or leave it, take or leave, hero's journey.
  But his whole idea was like just trying  to communicate visually.
  Like, well, how many shots do you need  to communicate something?  And the students are all like explaining  like 10 different items.
  And he like trains them all to like,  okay, take out everything, but like two things.
  You need two things to communicate.
  Like person is late for class.
  And this movie adds eight, it gets all 10 in there  and then adds a couple more sometimes.
  Well, if we're talking about literal items  on Billy Toppett's shelf, you get to see like all his CDs  and DVDs and like loose food around.
  It's a very busy apartment shelves.
  I'm so, because obviously like Lance Burton  must have a mansion in Vegas.
  Like this is not his house, I would think.
  Do we ever see it?  Are any of the locations in this film  where Lance Burton lives?  Yeah, that's what I was trying to figure out as well.
  I'm not sure.
  You would feel like every location in the movie  is where somebody lives involved in the production.
  Yeah.
 Or the, you know,  when they go to like the carb shop,  like somebody, you know, works there.
  Or like owed them a favor.
  I don't think they paid for a location.
  No, no.
 I would imagine.
  But does he live at the kind of boring house  where the kid's birthday party happened?  Like the Henderson nice house.
  This is all like, this movie is all,  it reminded me how like, if anybody ever starts thinking  it would be a fun idea to move to Las Vegas,  especially because you could maybe like afford  to like do better there.
  This movie is a reminder why you should not.
  It's dull, how is it like?  Yeah, all right.
  I know that is bigger than where I live,  but it's also very depressing.
  Yeah, it's, yeah, Jason, go ahead.
  Well, Vegas is one of the fastest growing metropolitan areas  in the country, partly because of lower cost of living.
  And also I believe there's no state income tax in Nevada.
  So I practically get why someone would live there.
  And also if someone was a stage magician,  I get why they would live there.
  I mean, it seems like they're always building.
  It's like a constantly expanding area.
  So I kind of see the appeal, but dry heat is not for me.
  Yeah, yeah, it's rough around there for sure.
  You also, as I said, just where the birthday party happens  is like a little depressing,  despite being like a nice two story house.
  Things get extremely depressing and extremely Henderson-y.
  By that I mean Henderson, kind of the suburb city of Nevada.
  When we go to the casino where Lance hangs out the most,  a lot of the movie happens in this diner inside a casino.
  And boy, I was a little loopy enjoying the movie  for the first 10 minutes.
  And then when we get to the diner, my spirits sank.
  Because I mean, yeah.
  So do we know where any of the, like, do they say,  I kind of, I'll be honest,  they zoned out some of the Zoom parts.
  Do we know where some of these locations are at all?  I looked up this one, the casino where they are at,  because it was so miserable.
  It was like, I have to know.
  It is a place called the Klondike Sunset Casino.
  That's sort of, I don't know.
  It's like miles east of the strip, right thing.
  It had a Wikipedia page that seemed like many sob stories  of changes of hands and ownership.
  But none of them interesting enough  to make fun of on the podcast.
  There's a lot of smaller casinos in Nevada.
  There's a lot of locals' casinos, a lot of station casinos.
  I think the locals go to the station brand.
  Oh, that's all one brand?  And that's like where you go?  That's designed to be not touristy?  I think so, yeah.
  Cause one of them, I saw a video where it's like,  oh, they put a big IMAX.
  They put a bunch of movie theaters.
  Like kind of stuff where it's like you can park for free.
  It's kind of like a mall or like an Americana almost,  where it's like, yeah, there's a casino,  but there's other stuff here to do for families and stuff.
  And there's a hotel, but probably not everyone  is gonna be staying at the hotel.
  Cause filming on the strip, very expensive,  very complicated.
  I think that last board movie has a big strip sequence.
  And by the sheer fact they were able to do it,  I think it was either a casino that was being redone  or they got it to partially close,  which you gotta dole out some money  if you're getting a casino to close for a few hours.
  You know?  Yeah, geez.
  I think the Klondike Sunset, they just left open  with its regular clientele.
  And that was as good as closing it.
  Yeah.
  It's the same thing.
  It is, I mean, I kind of wanted some sort of excuse  to be in Vegas for like a month  to be able to go to like this place,  but there's just no way I'll ever get to it.
  Cause there's so much like of this like little outlier  casino-y stuff.
  And I'm assuming most of it was a little depressing,  but I am intrigued by all of it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'd take a walk around.
  You gotta be careful with that  cause I love walking around weird desolate places,  but in Vegas, you may be like,  your desolate places might get you killed or something.
  That's all right.
  That's fair.
  Like you run into like the Joe Pesci  buried alive scene in casino.
  You turn a corner and there's a guy getting buried alive.
  Walk away, son.
  No, no, no.
  Steve Wynn is burying a guy in the desert.
  Joe Francis of Girls Gone Wild.
  I believe he's made that threat to him.
  I believe that-  To kill him, to bury him alive.
  I believe, let me, I'll look it up.
  I want to be accurate here with Steve Wynn's threats.
  Oh my God.
  Not the last reference to Martin Scorsese's casino  that will come up in this, I feel like.
  Yeah, very similar.
  Very equivalent films.
  Oh yeah.
  So, and interrupt whatever you have your findings, Mike.
  But the, so we end up in this diner  where Billy hangs out with his equivalent friends,  his similarly down and out crew  of wannabe Vegas entertainers.
  And among them are some jugglers  and ventriloquists,  and then a guy who like can't figure it out.
  Is he a Spider-Man you take pictures with?  Is he an Elvis?  His pro, he's kind of a jack of all trades  and master of none.
  So, and the other thing that bonds all of these guys  is that they are all north of 50.
  The only one whose hair isn't dyed is the one with no hair.
  And surely the first time it cuts to all of them,  you just, you shiver at this group.
  This is like the most, like if you were growing up  in a divorce situation and then you meet your dad's friends,  your dad's new friends and they're like this,  you know the rest of your childhood  is gonna be very depressing.
  It's, it's the less, I think I've said this before,  it's the less good version of when you go  and see an old rock band.
  And from far away, you kind of go,  well, they look kind of the same  and their hair kind of looks the same.
  But then if you get closer, you go,  oh, they just have either a wig that's an approximation  of what their hair looked like 30 years ago,  or it's just like jet black.
  And you're like, this is an 80 year old man.
  He has jet black hair.
  Every one of these guys, if Billy Toppett's friends  could be in the Beach Boys in 2020.
  They all look like current Beach Boys.
  How do you, can I ask, I hit the sidebar.
  Do you know the name of all the touring Beach Boys in 2020?  I'm so happy to say that I don't.
  Like there are even depths to which I cannot plummet.
  Wow.
  It's always funny watching people rediscover  the crappiness of the Beach Boys  and that Brian Wilson's been gone for a long time.
  And you know, everybody got mad  because they did a Trump benefit in Orange County  and everybody had to learn like,  but wait, that's not really them.
  And I'm like, yeah, look at these,  it's been like seven anonymous guys in bowling shirts  for like literally two decades now.
  I wonder like, do you think you could get involved somehow?  Like maybe, like we could just make it clear,  like it's on record, you're doing it as a bit,  you're not supporting any of Mike Love's shit.
  But like, I think I'd be, if I put myself out there,  I'd be like directing their music videos immediately.
  Just by virtue that I have a computer.
  Just like one for a bit.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I feel like there's certain things.
  I was just talking to Anthony Geo about how like,  if we just hung around in Washington DC in like a lobby,  we could have been in Trump's cabinet in like six months  if we just like pretended we were Republicans.
  I feel like there's certain places  where you just hang around a little bit  and they're just like, yeah, welcome to the club.
  You just have to both like go fully clean shaven  and then do your hair in that like super,  that like three passes of gel, Matt Gates style.
  Yes.
  As long as you like look like sharp assholes.
  Yeah, 100%.
  I don't think it would be hard at all  to fool a bunch of people.
  And like, we would be getting like the same exact access  as like the guy in charge of the CIA.
  Like we would have been like, no problem.
  We would be running just whole parts of the United States  that we have no business running because we like said it.
  You would have been like the number,  you two are the number threes on solving the coronavirus.
  100%  Not qualified, like all we have to do  is just kiss the president's ass  and that's all we have, like it doesn't matter.
  That's the only qualification for the job.
  I think you could have done both,  you could have done like a Yo Jimbo fist full of dollars  sort of thing where you are fixers for both,  you're playing both parties.
  You're playing both and then you get the hell out of Dodge.
  It doesn't seem that hard is what I'm saying.
  And I think that applies to the Mike Love Beach Boys.
  I think Scott, if you know where to hang out  or if you know where to talk,  and if you know you have probably the right clothes for it.
  Oh, I sure do.
  I'm looking at a Tommy Bahamas shirt in my closet right now.
  Yeah.
  That's usually the right clothes to me.
  I think maybe, yeah, like if you get to work now  when Mike Love is 87, you maybe like,  you could be in the band, you could be playing.
  Woodblock.
  That's the thing to aim for,  like despite not really having musical abilities,  but that might, I don't know,  considering the state of the current band, yeah.
  I think that might not be a problem.
  Long-term, it's just, I have such a fantasy  of doing a long-term con, you know?  I really wish.
 Yeah.
  I really wish I have the stamina to do it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It would be so funny.
 It takes energy.
  But yeah, you're right.
  If I could like, if then if someday  people are describing this podcast,  like yeah, it's these guys and they're all comedians,  I've seen them in other stuff,  and one of them has been in the Beach Boys  for three years.
  That's the funny, that's so much funnier than anything.
  If you were in the Beach Boys.
  As a prank, I was in the Beach Boys for a long time.
  Like when?  No, like starting in 2021.
  Right.
  For their, he was there for their 70th anniversary tour.
  Mike Love on his 85th birthday asked you to join.
  Meanwhile, Mike has mysteriously become  the head of Urban Life.
  Yeah.
  Or what's the one that all the presidents have spoken at,  like the national get together?  Oh, I know what you're talking about.
  Oh God, they sell garbage.
  Fuck.
  I forget.
  And what?  I know what you're talking about.
  Oh, sure, sure.
  Oh, oh.
  Yeah.
  And honestly with the Trump, like it goes both ways.
  I think I could get in,  I could be in the Democratic establishment  some like very quickly if I just hung around  the right hotel lobbies in DC.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'd say so.
  Well, I'll see what I can do if I can warm my way in.
  I'll look into this on your behalf as well.
  I think there's a way.
  I think it's maybe worth mentioning  that this is the very first podcast  that we've recorded since the defeat of Donald Trump.
  And I like that.
  I was like, I put my baby down for a nap  and then like, I got a little time,  now I can watch a little more Billy Toppett.
  Let me see if the results are in yet.
  And they were.
  My evening was drinking champagne  and then watching the end of Billy Toppett.
  So Billy Toppett, Master Magician is forever tied in  to me getting this historic news.
  I guess all of that, right?  The last 40 hours.
  Yeah, I didn't watch that.
  Have been checking results and watching Billy Toppett.
  I have not watched any other movie  since the results came in.
  So Billy Toppett is now forever linked to this moment  when, as Scott put it, a villain has been defeated.
  Yes.
  Like.
  A real life.
  A real life villain has been defeated.
  So yeah, this is gonna be,  it's gonna be a memorable weekend for a lot of reasons.
  Half of them Billy Toppett related.
  I think I'm just realizing I had the weirdest order  of events, which was Friday night.
  We watched the 2018 David Gordon Green Halloween  and then went to sleep, woke up,  learned Biden was called from text messages  cause I slept in.
  And then shortly thereafter started watching Billy Toppett.
  So.
  That's history.
  A little side note for,  if you think my checking was out of control  in regular time,  I would just like to explain to you  that the checking was on another fucking level  since Tuesday.
  And part of the conversation,  I have not texted more with anybody than Gio.
  Gio and I were up till 5.
30, I think on election night,  5.
30 AM, texting each other.
  We found Decision Desk HQ Twitter account.
  All of a sudden we found this other account  that was dumping like number results  and we started texting back and forth.
  We both signed up for this website to get updates.
  And then I think we both tried to go to bed at about 3 AM.
  And then both of us picked up our phone  about 20 minutes later.
  He's like, I'm back at the computer.
  And then I think about five, we were like,  I don't think anything's coming in tonight.
  I watched half of Vegas vacation and fell asleep.
  That's nice.
  I like that.
  But yeah, no, it was,  I think I would, you know,  I tried to go to bed or even earlier than that.
  And then all of a sudden Wisconsin numbers came in  and it was like, whoa, whoa, whoa,  Wisconsin number is good.
  And I got a surge of adrenaline.
  And then we were up and then we were, yeah.
  Then we were going, but yes, my checking,  oh my God, it's never been more,  I've never checked more.
  I resisted for a while and then gave into it.
  I resisted all day election day  and then the polls started close on the East coast.
  I was like, oh, fine.
  Yeah, I know.
  I have, and I've noticed this recently.
  I have something wrong with my finger.
  You can't see it for sure.
  There's like, it looks like my finger,  my like pinky on my left hand is like swollen.
  And it's, I believe because when I'm holding the phone,  I'm holding it down here.
  Yeah, it's the shelf.
  Yeah, I've had that.
  I've had like pins and needles or aches.
  So it looks like I had a burn.
  It looks like I had a burn on my left hand, on my pinky  from holding the phone so much.
  It's exactly how my finger looked  when I got like a little burn in science class,  like in high school.
  So yeah, my checking, my checking has been out of control.
  So you burn your finger, but the important thing is,  it sounds like you had fun doing it.
  Let's see.
  There were moments of fun, I will say.
  Sure, sure.
  There were moments, I mean, there were multiple hours  as we all remember of pure dread.
  Yeah, boy.
  Oh, the poles work.
  The poles are very wrong.
  Uh oh.
  Hey, we're approximately 15 minutes into Billy Toppett,  Master Magician.
  There's no reason this should be a two hour episode.
  No, I know you're right.
  Zero, zero.
  There's a lot on our mind right now.
  You know, we're blowing off some steam, catching up.
  You know.
  Yeah, we haven't talked in time.
  I really didn't text a lot of people.
  I just kind of froze.
  Oh, I also was eating like handfuls of edibles for days.
  So that's how I stayed off anxiety for me, you know.
  Yeah, but how would you have felt if he got reelected  and now you're like, oh God,  like it would have been like a literal nightmare unfolding.
  I was gonna try to go to bed without looking up anything.
  I mean, I was doing research for an upcoming  very big episode about a very hopeful attraction.
  And so that's how I was keeping my head level.
  And then I jumped head first into darkness.
  So, yeah.
  Okay, Billy Toppett.
  All right, so we're at a depressing diner  with a bunch of losers.
  And then they all like, like, ogle waitresses  and that's supposed to make them likable.
  Waitresses who were dressed like  the bagged Halloween costume version of waitresses,  where it's like pink and their names are on it.
  It's like kind of the Lucy and Ethel  chocolate factory outfit as well.
  Very much so, yes.
  When they're sitting around the table,  did you have a flashback to the Louie poker scene?  Oh, big time.
  Oh yeah, well, definitely that.
  And not to jump around, although we might as well.
  I don't think we owe this movie a slavish scene by scene,  but I really got the Louie poker scene  when later in the movie,  so Billy Toppett develops a relationship  with one of the waitresses.
  And they end up going on a date.
  And then later back at Billy's apartment,  it's just the boys and they're hanging out  and they're going over details of the date  while also watching old magic footage like it's sports.
  Like they're watching a guy go through a trap door  or something and then go, oh, how'd he do that?  Oh man, the best.
  Anyway, so dude, how'd the date go?  Give me those deets.
  It is the most like, and then they also in this scene,  Billy Toppett as well, he always,  Lance Burton has this jet black dyed hair.
  But in this scene, he's got a backwards baseball cap  and there's a pizza open and they're drinking  out of red solo cups.
  Like it's this dorm energy, but with like,  truly like 59 year old men, it's so strange.
  Yes, no, I don't know.
  Does Lance, like this is my question.
  Like, does Lance do that with his buddies now?  Like it's such a, it's such a sex,  like teen sex comedy scene.
  Like, I don't know.
  Guys being guys, I have a question I cannot remember.
  Was the dummy in that scene,  was the dummy watching the TV with them?  Oh, the dummy isn't, oh, wait a minute.
  I'm scrolling back through that.
  The dummy doesn't really come into play that often.
  At some point you see the ventriloquist waking up.
  You see all of these guys start their day.
  You see all of them get ready for the day at some point.
  But the dummy in one of the diner scenes, two things.
  One, the dummy, and you're talking about Louis jokes  that don't land, the dummy refers to plywood Americans.
  And ooh, boy, that really doesn't land.
  And then the dummy, much like our friend blue 32  at some point looks at the waitress and goes, she's hot.
  There's a lot of ogling of these waitresses.
  I don't know what they're supposed to.
  These are the two female, women characters in the movie.
  They definitely do not pass the Bechdel test.
  I was gonna say, Jason, are you saying that Billy Toppett  doesn't pass the Bechdel test?  Definitely, for sure does not.
  I guess she does talk, she's really into the magic act.
  Eventually she gets pulled into being his assistant  and is passionate about magic.
  So I guess, you know.
  This movie is from, what is it, 2015?  2015, yeah.
  Doesn't it feel like these people were all in a bunker  until 2015 for like 15 years.
  They have no clue what happened in the world at all.
  And then they decided to just immediately make a movie.
  I think so.
  You know, I looked up some of the process  of making this film and he,  by Lance Burton's account, he was developing this  for decades.
  And he and one of the juggler guys,  he and one of the jugglers,  apparently quote Burton worked on the script  for six years.
  Wow.
  How?  What made it, it was just to crack.
  What should they be eating when the magic bros  hang out and watch magic together?  Pepperoni pizza, sausage pizza.
  What's these, I'm trying to get into their heads.
  What's their pizza vibe?  How long did Tommy, how long did it take Tommy Wiseau  to write The Room, do you know?  That I'm not sure.
  I think it was being nursed along for a long time.
  I don't have a year count.
  I wonder if some, a lot of these type of projects,  they're just decades in the making.
  I think so.
  Two decades, jotting notes for a script  and developing the character.
  So yeah, the character, how would you,  anyone want to ascribe some qualities to Billy Toppett,  the character who took two decades to develop?  Hmm.
  Well, he has kind of a Southern accent.
  Yes, he's from Kentucky.
  Yeah, okay.
  Do you dispute that?  I couldn't, I didn't pick up on it.
  He's loyal to his friends because in the end,  he puts them in his show that he gets, spoiler.
  Seems like that's the real life.
  A lot of, I'll be honest, a lot of it comes from  maybe the real life man, Lance Burton,  because he's loyal, everyone likes him, he's nice.
  Nice, he's another one.
  A lot of biggest actors, performers in this movie.
  He's talented, Billy Toppett is talented.
  Yeah.
  And I guess desirous would be another thing I would say.
  That he, because he desires a woman's touch  or that he is desired.
  I think, I guess both.
  Kind of both.
  I mean, while we're on the subject of his dating life,  he, because it sort of runs parallel to the other plot,  which we'll talk about, but he asks this waitress on a date,  he kind of gets up there, like his magic career's  going well enough that he's starting to get his confidence.
  So he asks her out and they go to a depressing  hookah restaurant together.
  Where he does little bits of magic, obviously,  to sort of charmer.
  And then before you know it, everyone at the restaurant  is watching the magic together and they're all laughing  and enjoying it.
  And then they leave the restaurant and he walks her to her car  and she drops something and bends down to pick it up.
  And then he kind of shoots a glance her way.
  And then she comes back up and says,  were you looking at my butt?  And he defends himself by saying, no, no, no,  I was doing research and development.
  For a trick.
  I was wondering if you'd be the right size  to fit into a box.
  I know this all sounds strange.
  He kind of sputters and it's unclear if he's making that up.
  Or I'll take, I will take him at his word that he was  checking out her proportions to see if she'd fit in a box  or not, but not to kill her.
  Don't go, don't start thinking that.
  Anyway, he explains himself and then at the end she says,  hey, and if you were checking me out,  I'm okay with that too.
  One of the creepiest scenes.
  The scene is okay.
  The fact that he probably only could get locations  that were the dingiest worst places around Las Vegas  gives the movie an accidental air.
  I don't think that he was looking for.
  And then this scene that you're talking about  when they're out in the parking lot is not lit at all.
  So it's like zero.
  He's in like this just weird shadow.
  And he's, it's just like, he comes off so bad.
  And it's like, they're accidental things that give this  movie such a dark, a darkness that I don't think.
  I think this scene was intended to be very cute.
  And oh, it is funny.
  He was checking her out, but he just thought of something  cute to say, look, this is just a nice thing.
  But instead it's just like, yes,  I've been sizing you up for a box.
  Like that's, and I'm in the outskirts of Las Vegas.
  In the outskirts or in the desert.
  And I'm cast my shadow over my face.
  And I looking for, I'm checking your rear to see.
  See if you fit a box.
  I have asked no questions about your life on this date.
  Solely done magic.
  And she's like, oh, okay, great.
  This fine.
  Also it's in a, it's a general strip mall parking lot.
  And a bunch of it, like you see just some of the adjacent  sign of the store next door, which is like a salon,  like a nail salon.
  So for a lot of this discussion,  just the neon word fingers up inside of the frame.
  And then when you go to the other side,  a lot of it is lit by a red Panda Express sign.
  Like the lighting on an episode of Bar Rescue is better.
  Like when John Taffer is outside in the,  in like a parking lot of a strip mall, he's,  his lighting looks like, you know,  it's a Roger Deakins shot, like compared to this.
  I was thinking completely of Bar Rescue  and that he would have to go to the,  the olive Mediterranean grill.
  John Taffer would have to rescue all of the locations  in this movie.
  The olive Mediterranean grill is located  in Henderson, Nevada.
  Just on the outskirts of Las Vegas.
  This place is depressing.
  It's depressing.
  You, what are you doing?  Doing magic in here?  You was lighting the bill on fire.
  You didn't ask him to leave?  What's shutting it down?  You're mistreating women.
  You were looking,  you allowed somebody to look at a butt  in your parking lot.
  No, it was for a box.
  I don't care if it was for a box.
  Yeah.
  That really, that could be a whole season of Bar Rescue  is all these locations.
  Saving.
  Yeah, he could save the diner.
  He could save the Shriner's auditorium  where a show happens.
  Yes.
  They just, they just like go to a real thing  that Lance Burton would do,  or Shriner's benefit and film it.
  It's just all like, it's all clearly just connects like,  hey, can you do me a solid?  Let me film my movie here.
  Yeah.
  We should probably mention the mobsters.
  I was about to say, yeah, the romance story  is kind of parallel with the mob story  because a, so after there's a little bit of flirting  with the waitress and you meet his friend  group of divorced dads,  he then encounters a guy named George Joseph.
  And George Joseph is the head of security for the casino.
  And he was also once a magician.
  And he uses his sleight of hand knowledge  from being a magician to look at,  to see if people are trying to cheat at the games.
  And that was all so specific and weird.
  And then I looked it up and it turns out George Joseph  is a real guy who, and that is his story.
  He's a former magician who now,  so this is a real thing he just pulled into the movie.
  This guy was a magician and then now works in security  at valleys, but it all feels, I mean,  the whole thing feels very Decker to me in many ways.
  And like the Decker seasons before they got budget,  like the online Decker seasons.
  And this one, especially, cause they're always trying  to work in Greg Turkington, cracking codes.
  I could crack the code.
  And this feels like this weird contrived, but real,  I was a magician, so I know sleight of hand when I see it.
  And then, but then that George Joseph  is the name of the character, but that's not who plays him.
  But then later there's this kind of bizarre  little sheriff man and that's the real George Joseph.
  Oh, so it's like as if Kenny Kramer from Seinfeld  was making a cameo in Seinfeld, but he did not play Kramer.
  Yes, as a different thing.
  So when you see a weird little sheriff  with like Sergeant Pepper epaulettes  and ropes on his sheriff's uniform,  that's the real sleight of hand security man.
  Yeah, he thought that was a compelling narrative  to put into the movie.
  Pretty interesting, yeah, let's stop for a while  and hear him explain his tale  of how he became the head of security.
  Yeah.
  Why couldn't he just cast him as the guy then?  Well, he's kind of weird as the sheriff.
  It's that I think he even-  Well, who's not weird as any of these characters?  Okay, there's one person-  I get you're right that traditionally the guy  who they cast looks more like it, but who cares?  What does it matter?  There's one guy who seems very comfortable on camera.
  I'm just gonna come out and say it, it's Louis Anderson.
  All the characters are Vegas people in this movie.
  And Louis Anderson, longtime Vegas,  performing residency.
  And he seems comfortable on camera.
  Lance Burton, comfortable-ish on camera.
  But Louis seemed fine on camera.
  He was so nice to see.
  He's just a security guard for a minute, for like 30 seconds.
  And you just light up, he reminds you  of how funny he is in baskets, and then he's gone.
  It's the briefest taste.
  But we do get a lot of mob guys,  a lot of mob guys who are sort of questionable  in their ability to be on camera.
  What's going on with the mob?  They're like cheating at the games with sleight of hand.
  Yeah, they have like a contraption.
  I forget what it's called.
  He says it.
  They have like cards up there,  literally cards up their sleeve  with like a mechanized like card feeding thing.
  Like it might be one of the most expensive elements  of this movie is this cheating contraption.
  Now, if you've seen the movie Casino,  you know casinos take cheating very seriously.
  And sometimes they will break your legs or beat you up.
  But in this, they are kind of like, hey, get out of here.
  And then they take his, is the plot that they confiscate  the money that the guy won with cheating,  and then he wants Lance to get it back to him.
  Well, he doesn't want Lance to get it back.
  He wants Billy Toppett to get it back.
  Oh, Billy, yes, Billy Toppett, master magician.
  Yeah, that's right.
  The other thing you might remember  from Martin Scorsese's Casino is that if mobsters are across,  they will just walk up behind you  and shoot you twice in the head  or drive you out to the desert,  make you dig your own grave and then shoot you  and then fill up the grave.
  These mobsters are pretty patient people, you know?  Yeah, yeah, they're nicer mobsters.
  It is the mobster fail son.
  Like the big mobster is going into legitimate casinos,  I believe, right?  Like his father is opening a new hotel  and like Billy Stubble.
  Oh yeah, there's a lot of jokes that don't land  about construction companies being a front for the mob.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  And Lance, I mean, Lance crosses over, I think,  from my understanding, the time when the mob ran Vegas  to when the corporations ran Vegas.
  So he's again, drawing real life experience,  I think, into this.
  Scorsese's Casino is about the mob controlled casino.
  Yeah, which kind of came before the like 90s  like theme park Vegas era.
  Yes, and I believe from what I think the performers,  I preferred when the mob ran it.
  I think I've heard Bob Newhart say,  who's like the nicest man, supposedly,  that Vegas was better when the mob ran it.
  I think the entertainers were well taken care of  by the mob, yes.
  I think he also said like, you know,  things could not necessarily have to make a maximum profit  and stay open.
  Oh yeah.
  Didn't it all have to be, you know,  passing a certain threshold for making money  to keep a certain performer there,  to keep a certain element of the casino open.
  The Backstreet Boys often bemoan that it isn't the mob.
  They're on record many times saying,  really wish that.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that would be very interesting if that happened.
  I have an answer about the Steve Wynn thing.
  Oh, please.
 Oh, sure.
  So there was a lawsuit, Casino Mogul Steve Wynn  is accusing Girls Gone Wild soft core porn impresario,  Joe Francis of slander for saying that Wynn wanted  to kill him and bury him in the desert.
  Oh, it's the other side.
  It's a slander suit.
  Yeah.
 And Steve Wynn won the case.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  So I don't know that.
  Pretty good at losing lawsuits, I believe, Joe Francis.
  Now that doesn't necessarily mean  that Steve Wynn didn't say that.
  Oh no.
  Probably.
  And we'll do.
  We've been promising more Steve Wynn content, I think,  on the Patreon.
  Oh, yeah.
 Big time.
  Well, there's so much Vegas, certainly, to get to.
  And yeah, more horrible Vegas men to talk about.
  Yeah.
  Steve, I like Lance.
  So he seems like a good one.
  Well, Lance seems nice.
  Yeah, Lance seems nice.
  Steve Wynn run out of the Atlantic City casino business  by the outgoing president, Donald Trump.
  Oh, man.
  How nice to say it when we refer to him.
  It's that he's.
.
.
  They're blowing up his casino, right?  The Atlantic City?  In Atlantic City?  Well, the Taj Mahal is the brand new Hard Rock casino,  like new a year ago.
  Trump Marina is a golden nugget now,  which would be part of the Tillman Fertitta empire.
  Oh, yeah.
  And then Trump Plaza, last I heard, was still empty,  but the Rainforest Cafe had gotten clearance from a judge  to get their own utility bills  so they could still keep operating on the boardwalk  separately from the empty, vacant Trump Plaza.
  This is from a recent news story.
  Trump Plaza, the main building is being demolished  Oh, my God.
  on January 29th, right after he is out of office,  potentially dragged, kicking and screaming.
  That's gonna be a mess.
  That's like the dead center of town.
  That is next to the massive Caesar outlet balls  that are around there.
  That's wild.
  Can we do our implosions episode?  Oh, yeah.
  It's not a Vegas implosion, but yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Good way to celebrate the implosion of his presidency as well.
  Man.
  So, all right, Billy Toppett, master magician.
  Yeah, he runs a foul of Rocco Chicarico.
  Rocco Rich Boy, that translates to Rocco Rich Boy.
  Perfect.
  Right?  Subtle name.
  Yeah, so there's a lot of, oh, you know,  on that casino point, something that's different  about Scorsese's casino in this film,  in Scorsese's casino, the suits were fitted  to the mobsters to be to their proportions  because mobsters look nice and they were not loose  and like Halloween costumes where the sleeves  are rolled up multiple times,  like they're like custodial uniforms.
  That's just one slight difference.
  One of them is wearing the shiniest suit I've ever seen.
  Like, it's shocking when the lights come up in the room.
  It's like, oh my God, look at that suit.
  And then one of them's later is in the,  before he gets conked on the noggin,  felling him, he's wearing a sleeveless,  he looks like Robin Hood or something.
  I don't know what's going on there.
  The wardrobe in general.
  There's a scene, I don't wanna get ahead of myself,  there's a scene where they're being cool guys  about to take everything, the team is assembled  and the outfits everyone's wearing.
  I'm just- Oh, that's right.
  It's like an Avengers shot.
  Oh, that cool guy, yeah, them suiting up,  and that's one of the longest shots in movie history.
  Yeah.
 In slow motion.
  But it's another thing where you take that for granted  in movies and TV, you take that stuff for granted.
  That like they put, people put their time  into picking things out and making sure  things are not insanely wrinkled.
  That was one of the getting ready for the day  sequences, but that one involved so,  there were so many shots of people plugging in phones  to charge, like every one of them had to make sure  they're fully charged.
  And I was like, wait a minute, did they just unplug  the previous mode and plug a new one?  It's a messy pile of like 11 cords.
  I forgot about that.
  It looks like a death trap.
  Oh yeah, that's the other key, you can't plug all that  into an outlet at the same time.
  Your apartment's gonna catch on fire, Billy Toppett.
  Yeah, it's,  I, it's, yeah, this is, what a film.
  I, yeah, Louis Anderson definitely brightens it up.
  The, then, but then they have you with Louis Anderson,  who's the security guard at this like fancy building  up on a hill where Billy gets a big gig,  and he checks in with Louis at the security station,  and you're like, oh, you're happy to see him, that's fun.
  But then it zooms up from that,  from the most poorly operated drone you've ever seen.
  Like bugs out, there's the fisheye, it's really weird,  and it, like, I can't emphasize enough how much camera  shaking is in this movie, how many unsteady zooms there are.
  There's a lot of like kind of wide angle or fisheye lens,  like especially shots of Lance Burton's head,  where you go, why was that the choice?  You're not trying to make him seem like unnerving.
  It's like, it's not natural born killers or something,  where it's like, you're trying to make it  like this twisted reality.
  There's a great part in the depressing diner,  where the sleight of hand security man comes up and says,  hey, all right, everybody enjoying their lunch.
  Okay, hey, Billy, come with me.
  Can I talk to you for a second?  And then they walk, you know, a total of nine feet away,  and then it cuts to the closest closeups you've ever seen,  which have a ton of soft focus filter,  which the movie has not had up until that point.
  Suddenly the audio is blown out,  suddenly Billy is talking into like a back sit,  he has not used for the rest of the film.
  Well, I guess that's what I say, Southern accent.
  It's like, sometimes the accent's gone.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  And it comes and goes.
  There's something else about him I was gonna say.
  Oh, not about him, but the,  so another thing that comes and goes,  it's like the first 15 minutes of movie they use it,  and then not till the very, very end.
  There's a bunch of like page peel transitions.
  Yeah, they use like iMovie type,  or like a weird like, you know, little scatter dissolve,  or the whole image flips around completely.
  Yeah, they get creative with those transitions,  rarely used in film.
  I wonder if, I don't know, I gotta look at the credits.
  Is it like, did multiple people end up editing it,  so like for a couple scenes,  someone is like, I'm gonna throw a lot of page wipes in.
  Cause it feels like something-  Oh, it's like the remnant of another editor, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, I feel like, I mean, I've been involved,  early on in my career, I was editing a lot of things,  and there would be so many like,  somebody needs an editor, they're gonna pay $200,  it's a 25 minute short film,  somebody else has already edited it,  and now you have to come in and re-edit it.
  And this would have, like, I would hear of this a lot,  and I've known people who had gone through a similar thing,  that there's these films, probably self-financed,  that just end up going through like 10 editors,  and maybe then still never coming out,  because whoever has made them is a crazy person.
  Not Lance, of course.
  You end up probably with weird,  like this might be the kind of movie where like,  the editor has the files, and he left town,  and he went back to live with his mom,  and we had nobody's talk to him,  like we weren't really like friends with him,  we were just using him for his setup,  so I don't know how to get the footage again.
  Yes, I will say now here that,  I did do this when the first six months of living,  I was editing something,  that had obviously been edited 10 times,  and then I really wasn't getting like paid.
  This was hooked up, by the way, through Pauly Shore.
  I remembered vaguely that your early days in LA  involved Pauly Shore.
  I met Pauly Shore.
  One of the traps you can, anyone listening,  if you're trying to make it in LA,  you will in your first year have to avoid Pauly Shore,  and more dangerously, Andy Dick.
  Yes.
  So just, if you're thinking about coming,  I mean, coronavirus is now the bigger danger,  but second and third to that,  is running into these people.
  I met Pauly Shore three days into being in LA.
  Wow, that was fast.
  This is a luck, three person, and luck,  I use luck in quotes, a three person,  like we weren't family friends with anyone in Hollywood.
  It was like my friend who lived out here,  knew three people who had all gone through the ringer  of being Pauly Shore editing guy.
  I have seen that job listing multiple times over the years.
  Oh yeah, and now Pauly paid me money.
  Okay, good.
  But he was like, I got a guy who wants to movie edit it.
  And then I like met this guy, and that's a whole story,  but yes, I-  Is he just kind of sleepy that Pauly's like, ah, yeah.
  Yeah, no, that's exactly, there's literally no difference  in real life versus what you imagine.
  It's kind of slow moving.
  Yeah, hey, hey there.
  Hey man.
  It's just the stats, and he's just like, yeah,  he's been in the sun too long.
  It's just like burned out, I would say.
  I got more stories, maybe that's a different Patreon.
  Yeah, that's a different Patreon.
  That's the third Gate episode.
  Where you get more gossip.
  Yeah, gossipy and nasty on the third Gate.
  I-  It's 50 dollars.
  That just reminds me of a big turning point experience  for me in LA, was a producer, I was on set for something,  and the producer was very seriously dropping some knowledge  on these young actors, and he was like,  and guys, make sure, the number one rule,  always make sure you get paid.
  Always make sure you get paid.
  And then he walked away, and I'm like,  we're doing this for free, he's not paying us,  what the fuck was that?  He himself was not?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There is a whole cottage industry  of making money off of people,  and the people that are making money on that industry  are people that have never worked in entertainment  in their lives, or have worked so little,  or gotten anywhere close to anything legitimate.
  And it's an entire, it's a multi-million dollar industry,  and I am fascinated with it, but it also bums me out.
  Well, this is probably the world  that Billy Toppett, Master Magician, found himself in.
  He's dreaming of being a well-paid performer at a theater,  but he's doing all these fly-by-night gigs,  and that's true of his friends, of the jugglers,  and of the ventriloquists.
  That's why I think this movie rings so true.
  And it rings true also, how when you move to LA  and you're trying to make it,  you're around a lot of dyed-haired 60-year-olds  who never mention their age.
  Like, yeah, dude, wanna come over to my pad, man?  It is Mr.
 Burns pretending he's a teenager.
  It's just the same exact thing.
  Or the Buscemi on 30 Rock.
  Well, actually, I was thinking, with Lance Burton  portraying himself, pretending that he's in his 20s  and just starting out in his career,  Billy Toppett is really the crashing of magic movies.
  I think that's right.
  Why wouldn't Judd work with Lance?  Give Judd.
  Judd could've brought the magic to it, absolutely.
  Yes, he could've fixed some of these shots,  given some of the parking lot shots,  some better lit composition, come on.
  Yeah, would've been shot on film with Judd.
  Would've been shot on film.
  On like four film cameras,  expensive music to clear in every scene.
  All right, anyway, we end up in this house with,  again, this is nice, I guess,  but it's also some of the strangest architecture  I've ever seen.
  This is another thing with rudimentary movie-making stuff.
  If the audience doesn't comprehend  what kind of room we're in,  the scene where he ends up doing a magic show  where here's a big maroon wall  and then a purple, like a neon purple wall  that's only three feet wide.
  And I can't draw the shape.
  This is like a weird dodecahedron room.
  I don't understand the layout of where I am ever in this,  especially this house, but a lot of places in the movie.
  Yeah.
  I think this house was a fancy development  that was started before the 2008, 2009 recession  and then frozen in time  because Vegas was hit hard by that.
  There were so many projects shelved or rejiggered  after the recession cleared up.
  And that's what this seems like.
  Because it's just on a hill, there's nothing around it.
  Yeah, that's so odd.
  It's not part of a development.
  It's like there's a big fence and then a hill  and then a weird house.
  And it turns out that this big show  that Billy thinks is maybe a big break, this is a trap.
  He's being trapped by the mob.
  And then there's a big chase through the mansion.
  But then he ends up with the mayor and the sheriff.
  I still don't understand what's going on.
  Do they not know that the mob was there?  Okay, I think I can answer this.
  What I discerned was that the trap  was from the fail son, Bobster.
  The fail son's father, who is now out of prison  and building a new construction project,  was having this fundraiser schmoozing for the project.
  Billy Toppett stumbled into it and like,  oh good, the entertainment's here.
  And fell head over heels.
  Because the mobster, the father mobster eventually cuts off  the idiot son gambler.
  You seem to have a much better, I'll be honest,  I'm going on not so much sleep.
  And as far as the details of the plot,  I'm impressed, Jason, that you've followed this so well.
  I think that's what it was.
  And it's solely because I looked up from maybe my phone,  like when the fixer, there's a fixer character  for the father and he kind of delivers some explanation.
  Right.
  A couple times.
  I was just staring at like bad curtains.
  I think that would distract me.
  I'm just like, why would you put this up?  I know this is an expensive house,  but you ruin it with that curtain.
  And then I just wouldn't hear the plot.
  I can't take my eyes off of Lance's hair.
  Just, yeah, like maybe we haven't conveyed also,  the jettest black on a 60 year old man,  but then spiked as well.
  It is so interesting.
  That's when you, Michael, you said earlier about  how they've just been in a cave until 2015.
  I think that's right because like they don't know  that even young people don't spike their hair anymore.
  Like this guy, like he like left the planet  during the boy band era and didn't know that things changed.
  Yeah, I'm not sure.
  In the Zoom reunion, Lance honestly looks a little hipper  with some of his choices.
  He does, yeah, I would agree with that.
  Is part of it also like things move slower in the desert?  Like Vegas, like all the magicians are still dressing  like it's 2005, like anyway.
  They didn't get the, yeah,  they didn't hear about the new fashion.
  Yeah.
  They didn't hear about fashion until like a year ago.
  Sure.
  I think there's something to that.
  What I like that we start getting into is like  contrived ways that Billy's gang of idiots can help out  and help like make escapes from the mob and save the girl,  which is like the bad guy's gonna like run after  the assistant.
  What if we juggle knives around him?  Like create a wall of slowly juggled knives  that he wouldn't dare step out of.
  And then later he's like, they have to stop somebody else.
  Some guys run out the door and then right in their face  is the ventriloquist and his dummy who has a flower  that squirts water and they shoot it right in the mobster's  face and he falls over, ah, ah,  as if it was full of sulfuric acid.
  Like the joker's, yes, poison flower.
  Yes, as far as I can tell in the next scene,  he's not permanently disfigured.
  Right.
  But he acts as if he was.
  I don't really ever want to see more Billy Toppett,  but I also, the idea that these guys would all just go  around having to solve problems with magic.
  I would like to see it.
 Absolutely.
  This here is the movie that I want it to be the whole time.
  Not just for one scene.
  I want like scenes oddly, contrivately solved with magic.
  That's like kind of the fun of it.
  I think if you're looking for the fun,  I think that's what I like.
  You know, like we're somewhere where the keys are over there  but we can't get to the keys because the only way to get  to them is this like little gap in the wall.
  It's only a foot tall.
  Well, a person can't fit through that.
  Yeah, but maybe a rabbit can.
  And then you send a rabbit in to steal the keys.
  And then it comes back and, but whoa, quick  make the rabbit disappear.
  And then they throw it into the hat.
  And then it, you know, the coast is clear.
  The mobsters are none the wiser.
  Yeah.
 That's what I want.
  Like constantly wall to wall.
  I want it.
 Yeah.
  I want it.
  Yes.
 I want even like, if it's a more mundane thing,  you know, if somebody drops their keys down  like a sewer or something, like, I guess you could, hmm.
  Hmm.
 I guess you could tell, you could transfer  like I said, the can't transport.
  I guess you have to use an illusion to do it  but it would worst off to work.
  Like they always have their keys connected  to that invisible wire.
  So then like they rise the keys up from the sewer.
  Like these guys are just magic machines nonstop.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  What if like, you know, like the mobsters, like, you know  we ended up in this like weird suburban Las Vegas  industrial area and where characters are trapped  in like an auto shop.
  But if it's, if you ended up like bursting through a wall  like what's on the other side of the auto shop.
  Oh my God.
 It's a handkerchief factory.
  And it's like 400 handkerchiefs.
  So now they have like all the ammo they need  to defeat as many mobsters as they can make  so many things disappear.
  They can make entire cars disappear.
  Yeah.
 That's yes.
 That's very good.
  Yeah.
 Skip through the handkerchief factory.
  They were overthinking.
  They were trying to do it all or get, they needed  to lean into the magic.
  Obviously.
  Yeah.
 Like a, yeah.
  Like a Decker style show with just these same actors  but solving everything with magic.
  I mean, if they, they should become a, like  I think maybe the Decker team should team up  with Toppett entertainment and just finance it.
  They would just read as a found object show.
  You just made, if you greenlit six episodes  of Billy Toppett master magician.
  But just try to influence the writing a little bit.
  A little, yeah.
  Just to, yes.
  They would, they would, they should definitely be  like traveling the globe too and doing it.
  Like all the UN ambassadors are kidnapped  by generic terrorists.
  Billy Toppett international master magician.
  What else?  I just wrote down some lines when the, after the,  there's a gross mobster, you know,  who's trapped the waitress and eventually  Billy Toppett's assistant.
  And she like lures him in with the possibility of a smooch.
  And then, and when that doesn't work out  and Billy very tepidly smashes a breakaway bottle  over his head, then you get lines like, like, are you okay?  I'm fine.
  Other than almost having to kiss that jerk.
  And then another, I don't know when this happens  but this might be the line of the movie for me.
  You're the loser who's going to jail, you butt face.
  It's hard to top that.
  To top it.
  To top it.
  To top it.
  Anything else anybody enjoyed?  You know what?  I really should have written it down.
  There's, he's on the phone with,  I'm scrolling through here.
  Is there, hold on.
  Let me, somebody Jason, you talk real quick.
  I'm trying to find it.
  Well, I, you know, when it all gets wrapped up  and the sheriff and the mob team up  to take the goofy son away,  Billy Toppett is given a large check.
  The mayor of Las Vegas declares it Billy Toppett Day  and gives him the key to the city.
  And then he gets a contract for a big show,  which you see, you see him and his buddies  all looking up at the sign at the very end  when it all works out.
  And it's the beautiful West Gate Resort sign.
  Uh huh.
  Yes, where the Star Trek experience was  in West Gate from, what's that movie called?  Queen of Versailles.
  Queen of Versailles, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That guy's probably doing great right now  after a Trump loss.
  The man who seemed very miserable the entire movie,  the scumbag who owns that timeshare company.
  Oh yeah, right.
  Yeah, has he used it as an excuse to fire people  like he did with Bush?  Oh God, I can only imagine.
  You better vote for him or you won't have a job.
  I can't name all of my children, not even by a long shot.
  That's such a good movie.
  Yeah, you end up basically, long story short,  Billy gains confidence through all of his adventures  and through defeating the mob and getting the girl.
  And it gives, and he becomes this notorious figure  because he helped defeat Carmine DeLeo  or something I think is one of the people.
  And he's such a figure in the press  because he gets the key to the city and all this stuff.
  And so of course he ends up with his own show.
  And then you just watch kind of like a bunch  of a real Lance Burton show, presumably,  in a theater with the most taped up floor ever.
  There's so many colors of tape everywhere,  which I know would have, that's okay for a show  to look like that.
  That's like all of the marks and the places  where pieces of scenery and props roll up.
  But to film it in a movie, maybe you don't want  like 150 pieces of different colored duct tape  marring the stage.
  Maybe like wet it down, maybe shine it up,  make it look good on camera.
  It's, I would like, do we look up,  are there Lance Burton, there has to be  like specials of his online.
  Oh, there are, yeah.
  There are.
  Well, there's the roller coaster one, yeah.
  Right.
  But I watched him make some elephants disappear  in the desert.
  It just feels like, I mean, those are shot by,  he's seen those.
  Yes.
 Right?  He was part of them, yeah.
  He's watched them.
  Oh, the roller coaster one I know aired on NBC  because it had the NBC like coming up next tag.
  And I think what was either coming up next  or coming up the next day was that horrifying  Alice in Wonderland live action,  Alice in Wonderland made for TV.
  I think where Martin Short is the mad hatter.
  Is this where you get the else?  Oh, that era, oh my God.
  Wow, so he made, yeah, he made good looking  primetime NBC special.
  Yeah, why would he just like let somebody's kid  shoot his movie, especially after working on it  for 20 years.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It also seems like, by the way, he lost his residency  at the Monte Carlo or it ended, I don't know  if it was his choice or it just came to a natural end,  but he was done with that in 2010 and then it was like,  great, now I have the time to make my film.
  Yeah.
  So instead of doing nightly shows in Vegas, he did this.
  Why?  I mean, look, any artist that wants to branch out,  you gotta give them some credit for trying something new,  but why?  You might think it was crazy that Jordan Peele  was leaving behind his comedy acting career.
  To make a horror film.
  Seems crazy.
  That worked out.
  Mm-hmm.
  And so you might on paper say Lance Burton is leaving magic  to make a film about a magician.
  Sounds like it was, that seems like it'll never work.
  And maybe.
  And he's still retired, yes?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  From what I can tell.
  Maybe comes out of retirement for charity  every now and then maybe.
  I think.
 Yeah.
  He of course made a big splash when the movie premiered  because there was a big red carpet premiere of the movie,  why Rich Little was there,  several hunks from Thunder Down Under,  Robin Leitch, who was briefly in this film,  wishing Billy Toppett good luck and champagne wishes.
  Yes.
  Do you have the list of who thanks him?  Or says good luck Billy Toppett,  a bunch of Vegas all-stars thank him.
  Well, Louis Anderson does again,  despite having been a different character already  in the movie.
  And oh my God, we haven't even talked about Chris Angel.
  Chris Angel, yeah.
  He congratulates Billy Toppett.
  And then someone named like Puff the Magic Drag,  it was unclear what that was.
  I did not know what I was looking at,  that last person thanking Billy Toppett.
  Don't know.
  Yeah, there was this premiere  and everybody seemed in good spirits at that.
  And then this movie did make some appearances at festivals.
  I found an article about this film winning six awards  at the Wild Rose Independent Film Festival,  where we've all been mocking it,  but prepare to eat crow because Billy Toppett,  Master Magician won six awards,  including a coveted best award.
  Oh, with the awardees.
  And won an awardee for best award.
  Best award.
  Was this film festival programmed by bots?  These are Russian bots trying to learn English  by putting together a film festival.
  Congratulations, you won outstanding best.
  Best award.
  You are simply the best at being the best.
  What else was it?  Do we know what else was nominated?  I have no further info about the Wild.
.
.
  It's also possible that the Wild Rose Film Festival  was a production of Toppett Industries.
  Toppett Awards, Toppett Award Productions.
  Is the Wild Rose just the name of that illusion  where you make a paper flower lighted on fire  and it's a real rose, which I've now seen both Lance  as Billy Toppett and Copperfield do that illusion.
  Oh yeah, he does that in the movie,  but like right next to the woman's car.
  Yes.
  Just very alarming.
  Let me light a fire right next to your on car.
  Yeah.
  After we just had an awkward exchange  about me looking at your butt.
  It's boy, we at least go,  we'll try to do a couple of clips.
  I mean, he put it up for the world to see on his YouTube  and 1400 people did.
  Mike, did you watch some of,  you did watch some of the Zoom, some of the reunion content?  Some of it, but look, again, I'm very tired.
  I didn't have a big stomach for it right now,  but Louie was on it, Louie Anderson was on it  and he got some people talking.
  All right.
  I thought I would, and then I saw that the runtime  for Billy Toppett was an hour and 50 minutes  and the total runtime of the Zoom video  was three hours and 22 minutes.
  It was very, very long.
  Very long.
  Lord, which is where this episode is ending  if we aren't careful.
  I think we've talked about this,  about Billy Toppett, master magician Pliny.
  I think so.
  It's another one of those weird curse episodes.
  One of these, the things we sentence ourselves to,  we sentence ourselves to be trapped in a box,  in one of Lance Burton's proportional boxes.
  But I hope that you were entertained as you would be  if Lance Burton put blades through the box.
  Just kind of what happened to us, I feel.
  But we put the blades ourselves.
  We were inflicting the blades ourselves.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which we keep, so is there more, if this was a trilogy,  is there one more bad Vegas entertainment?  I willingly watched a weird Siegfried and Roy IMAX movie,  but I don't think there was enough there  to necessarily to do an episode about.
  I don't know, we could throw this out to the audience  if you have suggestions for one more  in the Vegas punishment trilogy.
  Vegas punishment trilogy.
  We're kind of talking of course about Father of the Pride,  if you weren't aware, which we did a, that was,  I mean, look, that was a truly hateful show  with some truly hateful language.
  I got a fun time watching Billy Toppett.
  As I said, it ties, it's forever tied into,  between the events of Saturday, November 7th,  I think the things that happened on Saturday, November 7th  have made the world a better place.
  It made me more optimistic.
  And some of that must, they has to include  Billy Toppett, Master Magician.
  Billy Toppett, yeah.
  I will look into, does Tapeface have  some sort of a self-made movie?  Does.
  Puppetry of the Penis.
  Puppetry of the Penis.
  Does, can we find like a bootleg copy of Zumanity,  the Cirque du Soleil, Erotic Animals show.
  Yeah.
  Did Rich Little, Rich Little has to have  some pilots floating around.
  Oh, for sure.
  Oh man, oh there's gotta be some bad,  well Rich Little has, I've recently watched Rich Little  as a sit-down guest on Huckabee, my favorite.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh man.
  Talk show, which by the way, I think Mike Huckabee  and Lance Burton have very similar voices.
  Oh yeah.
 I was trying to place,  like why does this voice sound familiar to me?  And then suddenly I went, ah, Huckabee.
  It's like, yeah, so there's a pleasant,  there's kind of like a higher,  a little higher pitched southern voice.
  Yeah, and sort of a, just a blandness  and sort of a matter of fact.
  It's like this note, er, er, er.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  But sharing that about like, you'll never win the day,  Carmine DeLeo.
  My lovely new assistant and I will foil you  at every turn.
  Yeah, Huckabee's similar, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, all right, so suggest, we need suggestions  for the Vegas, the Vegas torture trilogy.
  Oh, I, did Terry Phaidor ever make a movie?  Oh yeah, we gotta look into that.
  There's a really depressing documentary  about multiple ventriloquists and he is one of them  and he's presented as like the best end of it.
  On the other end, there's a lot of,  the theme of the movie seems to be  that if you get into ventriloquism,  it will distance you from anyone you love in your life.
  Oh my God.
  It's just really grim.
  Besides Terry, if you, anyone who isn't Terry.
  Interesting, well that sounds like too big  of a bummer to talk about.
  I will say, I will say non Vegas,  I think we haven't talked about this in a while,  but we did hype it for a little while.
  I think we gotta come back to Bible Man.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh certainly.
  And apparently I was just made aware  there is a newer Bible Man cartoon.
  Oh my God.
  In the last couple of years, new Bible Man cartoon,  but not voiced by Willie Ames, the original Bible Man.
  You love to do that.
  Willie Ames has also similar charisma to Lance Burton.
  He's kind of, listen fiddler,  your lies will never puncture these children's ears.
  Yeah, I look forward to that one.
  Well, all right, so suggestions we need,  but other, would we, earnestly,  would we suggest that our audience watch Billy Toppett  or not, master magician?  If you want to put something on,  you wanna half watch something.
  I'd watch the trailer.
  Yeah, let's watch the trailer, scrub around.
  We could have just done the trailer  and that could have been it.
  We could have done that, yes.
  Yeah, should have learned our lesson  when we checked out the trailer.
  We did it, so they might not have to.
  Yes, we fell on this sword for you.
  You're welcome.
  Well, you survived podcast, The Ride, The Second Gate,  which in today's episode has no colons anywhere  in solidarity with Billy Toppett, master magician.
  No colons.
  But we'll be back with more colons next week.
  We will restore the colon.
  In solidarity with whatever we're doing then.
  So stay subscribed, three bonus episodes every month.
  And as Billy Toppett would say,  I left myself hanging there.
  I don't know what Billy Toppett would say.
  Well, we have, wanna go out with me?  That's a land right?  Billy Toppett would say, no, I wasn't looking at your butt.
  No, I was.
  It's like it's Nanny from Muppet Babies.
  Barely even a word.
  I hope this starts Mike's career  as a Lance Burton impressionist in Vegas.
  Opening four of the Beach Boys featuring Scott.
  Yes.
  That's another one where we gotta make that happen.
  We'll work on it.
  We don't want to do them.
  All right.
  Bye.
