 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Calling Dick Tracy, calling Dick Tracy.
  You're needed on a podcast.
  Specifically, Podcast the Ride, The Second Gate.
  It's Jason Sheridan calling you.
  Here with Mike Carlson.
  Yes, come in, Dick Tracy.
 I'm here, Mike Carlson's my name.
  Dick Tracy, it's the year 2020 and everyone has demanded a super long episode about Dick Tracy.
  Scott Garner, also here.
  Yes, that's right.
 I'm on the case, but that doesn't matter until Dick Tracy is, more importantly, Dick calling you.
  Dick, please.
 We know there's a very old man who still has the rights to your likeness.
  We must break into his fortress and get them back.
  We must procure the rights from this very old man.
  And joining us, of course, one of our favorite Crimestoppers is back.
 It's Eva Anderson.
  Yay!  Welcome.
 Thanks for being here.
  Thanks for doing this one with us, especially.
 I realized this, I was trying to do the count in my head.
  This is your sixth appearance on Podcast The Ride and your third on The Second Gate.
  So you're undoubtedly ruling The Second Gate stats.
  I love that.
  I like that division.
 You're welcome anytime for anything.
  And I'm really glad it's this one, especially.
 Dick Tracy's Crimestoppers, this kind of notorious, never built attraction.
  That being said, from our text exchanges, it seems like, much like the Kevin Spacey episode where we broke up things into majors and minors,  it seems like there's some rules afoot, I feel, in what we're going to do today.
  Yes.
  I think there's, I mean, there's, I don't know if it's maybe rules as much as there's good.
  This is maybe like a long orchestral piece, you know, there's some sort of an intro that might not be.
  It's a variation on the theme, but it's not exactly the theme of Dick Tracy's Crimestoppers ride.
  Like a short kind of that relates to the primary feature.
  But right, right, I forgot about that.
  Yeah, something that's, and then something that you would say, oh, this doesn't have anything to do with Dick Tracy.
  Why are they talking about this on this episode?  So it's a whole piece.
  Should we get into that first? I'm pretty curious.
  You want to jump right in?  Yeah, I think so.
  We have to, yeah.
  Oh my God.
 Okay.
  All right.
 So this is something I've asked you guys if I could come on the podcast and talk about.
  And then once you gave me permission, I did a lot of research because I love doing research for this podcast.
  So this is the story of this very weird thing that happened in the Dick Tracy universe.
  So I'm trying to see what year did Dick Tracy the comics start?  30s, right? 1930s.
  1931.
 So Chester Gould started writing the Dick Tracy comic strip in 1931.
  And he continued until 1977.
  But there's this period in the 60s.
  So basically the Dick Tracy's comic strip was really straightforward.
  Dick Tracy was a cop.
  He had a son named Junior and he just like he had a two way wrist radio.
  And he would just go around and like catch these very grotesque criminals that were drawn in like a really creepy way.
  Sometimes there'd be like little side stories.
  But for the most part, that was like it was a crime of the week, crime of the season sort of thing.
  Big, big criminals.
  And so then this thing happened in 1964.
  Well, actually, from starting in 1962, for reasons that nobody really understood, 30 years, 31 years into the strip, Dick Tracy got a moon spaceship.
  A moon spaceship.
  So basically inventor Diet Smith like shows up and presents Dick Tracy with this this this space or like this kind of this new kind of vehicle.
  Wait, sorry, the name first things first.
  Diet Smith.
  I think that's how you say it.
  That's how it's spelled D-I-E-T.
  So I mean, that's diet.
  So basically it's a it's a magnet powered like kind of airship.
  And very quickly, like Diet Smith says, like, there are no rockets in this.
  We do not use rockets, magnets.
  We use the Earth's magnetism to propel us.
  It's silent.
  It can go, it can move really fast.
  And so for like a couple, it's really weird when you're reading these big books.
  I've been buying these big books at the Dick Tracy comic strip.
  They look like this.
  Oh, spoiler.
  Oh, my God.
  I which that's like I mean, how many years are we talking?  This is one of your span.
  Wow.
  This is volume.
  What I have right here is volume crap.
  It's been going for for many.
  This is volume 21.
  Geez.
  62 to 64.
  Yeah.
  So basically for the first two years of this having this thing, basically, Tracy just uses it to fight crimes on Earth because he can just use the magnetic pull of the planets to like fly over to Brazil and catch a bad guy who's like hiding in Brazil.
  But anyway, so that happens.
  And then around 1964, this stowaway gets on the ship.
  They say they go to the moon for some reason.
  And a stowaway gets on the ship and it's this woman and you kind of see her picture here.
  Her name is Moon Maid.
  Oh, my.
  With.
  Okay.
  Her eyes are like pinwheels like hypnotizing you a little bit.
  But like but bright yellow like a bumblebee.
  Like she has two bumblebees for eyes.
  Very alluring.
  So Moon Maid is basically like super sexy.
  She's like Betty Boop with horns.
  There's some like Moon Maid right there.
  She's kind of like she's real sexy and she can't speak, but she can control the temperature of her own body.
  And she can also like send out a ray that paralyzes people.
  So for a while, people are trying to figure out what to do with her.
  I think Tracy doesn't like her because she just changes temperatures too much.
  But at one point, she touches Junior's ears, who's now an adult.
  He touches her ears and makes his ears warm and he falls in love with her.
  So then Dick Tracy wants to send Moon Maid back to the moon and Junior's like, I'm in love with her.
  And he stows away onto the ship and he returns to the moon with Moon Maid.
  So that's like end of 1964.
  So that's volume 21.
  And I don't know what happens from 1964 to 1966 because the volume 22 of this cost two thousand dollars.
  That's a thing because these companies, I think IDW is publishing these archives or like, you know,  Fana Graphics and Drawn and Quarterly, these publishers publish these massive collections of like years and years of these comic strips.
  Every now and then one volume will slip out of print.
  And if you try to buy it used online, you will find it costs hundreds or in this case thousands of dollars.
  Two thousand dollars was the only version I could find.
  It was so crazy.
  I even emailed the guy from Dick Tracy dot info to see if I could get an answer for like, why is this so expensive?  But he didn't respond.
  I probably should have emailed IDW.
  This came out in 2017.
  So anyway, I don't I but I did find on Dick Tracy dot info basically what happened in this volume.
  So what I can tell Dick Tracy, who does not like Moon Maid, chases Junior back to the moon  where the governor of Moon Valley, whose moon maids dad puts them in a space cage.
  Oh, by the way, this thing is called a space coop.
  Like that's what the spaceship is called.
  The magnet thing is a space coop.
  So they the governor's mad.
  But then eventually he decides that he like he likes Earth and he and I think by the end of this this two year period,  I think everyone's resolved their differences and the moon and Earth are now just everything's fine.
  So one would assume that at this point, like the story is resolved.
  Moon Maid returns to Earth with Junior and marries her, him, and they have a baby named Honeymoon.
  And I think you could like button this whole thing up if you wanted to go back to solving Earth crimes.
  But then you get to the next volume, 1966, which you guys can see is just full of like little notes.
  So basically, yes, just to explain, because you texted us this too.
  This is a book that all right, it's another two years of Dick Tracy.
  And you put a yellow sticky or something in each page where something weird is happening.
  And there's like from from what you just held up to the zoom, like forty five yellow notes.
  Yeah, so I'll get to it.
  So basically, so basically, it sounds like the publishing company was like coming to Chester Gold to be like, hey, can we stop this moon nonsense?  We just go back to Dick Tracy and he went insane and used he doubled down.
  So basically, it starts like 1966 starts with just constant declarations of the characters screaming that no, like no army, no Navy, no billions, just magnetism, just pages and pages of screaming about how great the magnetic space coup is.
  And what comes comes through really quickly is that not only does like Chester Gold love the moon, he hates NASA and believes that rockets are bullshit.
  So there's pages and pages and pages of just people screaming that like NASA shit that the moon is like the future.
  And yeah, hold on.
  So this is so insane that like there would be, you know, there's some TV shows of that one season where things are kind of weird.
  I don't really like that arc and then they kind of correct and get you out of it.
  Dick Tracy's been on the moon for four years now for a full presidential term.
  And now like he's doubling down.
  And he keeps screaming things like moon age.
  It's here to stay better get aboard.
  If you're not moon minded, you're sleeping.
  Like just Dick Tracy screams things like that in like a really weird just yeah.
  And then and then Diet Smith will talk about just how NASA is like they have to goof around with one way rockets.
  And so basically there's a crime that's like kind of happening between Earth and the moon.
  So they have to use the coop to go pick up like a dead body that's flying.
  But but they just keep spending time just screaming about like how great this thing is.
  Oh, oh, yeah.
  At one point, they're retrieving this dead body and Diet Smith saying computer controls take us backwards over the orbiting path.
  So he treats the same speed in reverse, making a zero speed at Earth's surface.
  Thus, there is no quote burnout.
  Yes, with a magnetic space coop burnout is the silly word of the squares.
  So you're really yelling at it's just like they're just constantly just like kind of screaming at each other.
  Also around this time, even weirder, be on the scoop base coop, Diet Smith has also invented magnetic instead of cars.
  They just fly around.
  You can kind of see this in these like these kind of buckets that look like trash cans.
  And they don't just do that on the moon.
  They do that on Earth, too.
  So anytime Dick Tracy is like answering a call, he gets like basically stands in a trash can.
  Can you can you read the quote that's above the trash can?  That looks like some real jargon.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Why is it propagandists cater to ignore and supersede cater to ignorance and superstition in their moon discussions?  Politics.
 Nothing else.
  This is about like a guy Dick Tracy has a Tommy gun and he fires bullets at bad guys.
  How did we get here?  At like flat top and little face or whatever.
  Yeah, not anymore.
  This is the thing with these guys.
  This happened with the dog patch episode.
  You just learn about like Al Cap, the guy who made a little Abner.
  It's there were just some of the most famous entertainers in America.
  They had no oversight and so much money.
  And they're just these oddball eccentric.
  And if Al Cap also made a Dick Tracy parody called Fearless Fosdick.
  Oh, yeah, I know.
  I've read that.
  It's really it's actually kind of the funniest little Abner stuff is Fearless Fosdick.
  But it's like, yeah, because he's an idiot.
  Yes.
  So, OK, so I'll just get to the point.
  But basically, well, actually, I won't because there's like a lot of really weird stuff.
  So basically some bad guys steal the rocket cars.
  But then as they fly around in the rocket cars, they just talk about how great they are as well.
  One of the bad guys yells comparing the magnetic air car to the rocket is like comparing the jet age to the horse age.
  And then you get to this really weird section where basically they're just talking about just how great everything is.
  And Junior keeps screaming Earth will never be the same.
  And they're just talking about the magnets and like the moon and how we're all working it out.
  And then we get to a really weird part where some guys show up to steal.
  So some guys show up to steal the moon coop and they are dressed literally I'll show you.
  They're literally dressed in like shitty NASA outfits that say NASA on them like hats, like fedoras that say NASA.
  They want to see the rocket, the moon coop.
  And they're like, oh, because they're forced to, quote, goof around with one way rockets, they allow these guys to see the moon coop and then they steal it.
  And then they go, the scientists go, but NASA deals only in rockets.
  And the other scientist says, I know, but magnetism must be their secret love.
  And then they steal it and go to the moon.
  And then they introduce crime to the moon, because as you learn later in this book, crime didn't exist on the moon until the until man arrived.
  Of course, did Junior bring it?  Yeah, Junior, I guess.
  Or they know they say later that like some other guys came before.
  Okay, then you find out that on the moon, the main thing that people do is eat giant escargot.
  So this Christmas, this Christmas thing is like the funniest two pages.
  I'm just going to pull some quotes from it.
  So basically, Junior and Moon made go back to the moon for Christmas and they say, we'll be the first Earth family to spend Christmas on the moon.
  They celebrate the birth.
  Has he not already done that in all these years?  The birth of the Christ child happens on the moon.
  They say we're now in the pleasant zone.
  That's an area designated two or three days after sunrise.
  So that's where you can just like hang out because it's warm.
  Existence is where you find it.
  The moon is Earth's man's new world.
  And now to Moon Valley and a Christmas Eve dinner of giant escargot.
  How giant?  How giant?  Just like twice as big as a snail or like 400 times.
  They're pretty big.
  You can kind of see them here like there's one on the table.
  Oh yeah, pretty big.
  Very big.
  And then, of course, of course, the governor of the moon claps.
  Everyone on the back and said magnetism made it all possible.
  Okay, I feel like Chester Goulding was like, all right, I think a way to make this comic  trip current is if I get on this space age thing, but either read a book or knew a crank  who was like, well, you have the magnets and just got obsessed with the magnet stuff.
  Right.
  Like that's got to be.
  I mean, something happened because what's really interesting is that the end of the  Dick Tracy moon phase actually coincided with the Apollo 11.
  Apollo 11 moonwalk.
  It's actually going.
  Yeah.
  Without magnets.
  Yeah.
  And he was like, damn it.
  Because he was really just like going all in on the magnet thing was going to work and  also just being like, fuck NASA.
  They are wrong.
  And I, a cartoon artist who does a detective comic, are way ahead of it.
  So, okay.
  So in 1977.
  New book now.
  Yeah.
  So basically, no, I'm going back to the, back to the original book.
  Basically, the guy who wrote the, so basically in 1977, Chester Gould retires.
  He's about to, he's about to die.
  And another guy takes over.
  Sorry, pardon me.
  I'm trying to find all my stuff.
  Is this Max Allen Collins?  Yes.
  Takes over and who would go on to write the graphic novel Road to Perdition?  Eventually made it to the Tom Hanks and Robert Newman film.
  Well, basically, Max Allen Collins says, as soon as, as soon as he got the job, they  were like, please, you got to get him off the moon.
  Quote, when I was hired to take over the writing of Dick Cheney's in 1977, I was told by the  Trinium powers that be, that note in certain terms that the science fiction elements, the  quote moon stuff had to go.
  And so he, so at this point, like the only thing that's left is that Moon Maid and Junior  are still married and they have a baby honeymoon.
  So in 1977, they blew her up with a car bomb while her daughter watched.
  And it's, it's so horrible.
  It spans like several strips, like for a full week, Moon Maid exploded.
  It's so mean.
  And they did it while Chester Gould was still alive.
  They made him watch.
  You watched too.
  You and Honeymoon.
  Look at this.
  Do you think he was in love with Moon Maid?  Chester?  Maybe.
  I mean, he drives her in a very, very saucy way.
  Like she's very, and also like, kind of like blue 32.
  I mean, he drives her in a very, very saucy way.
  Like she's very, and also like, kind of like blue 32.
  Characters just keep pointing out like, she's hot.
  Like people just look at her and that'll just be like a single panel of like curvy Moon Maid  and be like, ooh, ah, ooh, ah, ooh, ah, ooh, ooh, la, la.
  They keep calling her hot because she can change her temperature.
  But at that point, she's just a wife.
  Like literally the panel is that she says, I mean, I have it right here.
  I actually happen to own from when I was a kid, the comic where Moon Maid dies.
  But she just, she forgot to get some whipped cream and she's like, I'll go back and get some whipped cream.
  And she's like, I'll go back to the store and Dickie's like, oh, I use my car.
  And she gets in the car and then she just fucking on the bottom there.
  You can see her just fucking explode.
  Boom.
  Wow.
  And she's just like, she's just hanging out.
  And then like, this is, this is the week of her exploding.
  It's a full, it happens again in a smaller panel.
  The fire keeps going.
  So anyway, that was my thing I wanted to present.
  Just the weird obsession with magnets.
  The complete just fuck you to everything that people liked about Dick Tracy for almost a decade.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  A decade on the moon.
  Wait, I have some questions here.
  How can you get to the moon just using a magnet?  He says it just uses the magnets, the planet.
  Also, he calls them, okay, this is part of the problem with Chester Gould.
  He says that the moon coop uses, the space coop uses the pull of the magnetism of the earth of the planet to move.
  But then he also calls the moon a planet, which it isn't.
  Right.
  It's a moon.
  NASA's wrong about that too.
  Shut up.
  I just get a picture of Chester Gould going like, shut up.
  Can you imagine Chester Gould with his wife watching the Apollo 11 moon landing on his little TV?  Just furious.
  Just praying for them to die.
  Just, oh, they gotta die.
  He's the only one who's like, they gotta die.
  And then people will listen to my magnet idea.
  It's weird too because I guess he was just like, there's also a part in that book where Diet Smith invents a giant fire truck that people live inside.
  I feel like he was also pivoting to what if I just invent some shit in case people don't like my Dick Tracy anymore.
  But the guy who did Wonder Woman invented the lie detector.
  Some of these guys were real weirdos.
  William Marston, yeah.
  Yeah, he was in a polyamorous relationship and he invented the lie detector.
  He and his wife's 18-year-old lover was the basis for Wonder Woman.
  And hopefully 18.
  I don't know if they've retconned that story to make it better.
  Can I ask if, I'm going to screen share really quick and I'm going to ask for a little dramatic reading of the, because now I'm curious.
  I might be on the Dick Tracy Wiki for a while.
  I ended up clicking on the Diet Smith page and I just, I'm going to cast a part here.
  You're going to see two parts, the left and the right.
  The left and the right.
  The left is Diet Smith and I'm just going to cast Jason as Diet Smith and Eva as whoever the other person is.
  It's only two lines.
  So if now hear a cold dramatic reading of a Diet Smith panel.
  Okay.
  You guys seeing it?  Yes.
  I'm on the left, right?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  All right.
  Action.
  My ulcers.
  I'm going to get myself some milk.
  Diet Smith.
  Don't leave this room.
  Very good.
  America is just wrapped.
  Every morning you wake up and you're like, Oh, what?  Oh, how did the ulcers play out?  Why does it say that he's related to Honeymoon Tracy?  That's Moon Maid and Junior's daughter.
  Okay, good.
  I was worried that they like, they did a paternity test and like Diet Smith fucked Moon Maid.
  No, his son is Brilliant Smith who is dead.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Oh, he looks very sad.
  He's in.
  Okay, wait.
  He's in very dark sunglasses and is very sad.
  Mike, do you want to take the part of Brilliant Smith?  Okay.
  Action.
  I'll take it standing up.
  Where are my parents?  I don't know if he's going to like the news.
  It's awesome.
  Like in the middle of the Moon Maid book, there's a part where a guy, like a mobster comes in  to rob a lady and she's got a little dog.
  And in order to make the dog not bite him, he mixes a martini and pours it down the dog's throat.
  And the dog likes it.
  And then the dog just goes with the mobster.
  And then throughout the next month of comics, the mobster is taking the dog to bars.
  And giving the dog martinis.
  And it's like his dog now.
  Like, that's so funny.
  Oh, man.
  Dick Tracy rules.
  Yeah.
  That strips.
  That wiki said that Brilliant Smith is the one who invented the wristwatch radio and  then was blinded while trying to create something called the Atomlight.
  I feel like you guys would like Dick Tracy, like comics.
  Really weird.
  I realize that, yes, the weirdness from just a little research.
  This all is right up my alley.
  I guess I never really thought it was so strange.
  I guess I thought it was kind of boring.
  And even as a kid, I didn't realize how nuts it was.
  Yeah.
  Now I'm on the Honeymoon Tracy Woods wiki page.
  And there's a section about how she's a fan of the pop singer theme song.
  One word.
  There's who is.
  I also think somebody named a character named Fish Face one word.
  But Fish is spelled like the band Fish very confusingly.
  Like they got to it first.
  What I think is interesting is like in 2013, I totally missed this.
  But like basically, so they have new comic strips of Dick Tracy, I guess.
  And whoever is like Moon Maid came back in 2013, like against all odds.
  Like people were like, fuck you.
  Like Moon Maid will never die.
  We will never stop taking Dick Tracy into space.
  Or he can't do his job.
  I am on this page too on the Wikipedia.
  And it also says in 2015, there was a story that featured a crossover with Honeymoon Tracy and Little Orphan Annie.
  What?  Which is.
  Whoa, all the old timies.
  The old timey verse merging.
  Oh, yeah.
  This is all great.
  Jason and I are big fans of this comic book writer, Grant Morrison.
  And he wrote a whole like eight years on Batman.
  And his whole premise was Batman.
  Everything happened.
  Because like Batman had everything counts for his like 60, 70 year history.
  So he was going to put it all into this eight year run.
  And Batman has a lot of the same stuff where Batman's on the moon.
  And there's a whole there's there's the rainbow Batman where there's like multiple Batman and they're all different colors.
  And then of course, Batmite, which was a little like great gazoo style like character.
  So Grant.
 So his whole premise was like, I'm going to use like, OK, the 40s was like whenever Batman started.
  The 40s is his first year fighting crime.
  The 50s is like maybe when it's like like that's his second year.
  The 60s is fun.
  That's his third year.
 So he like compressed all of it.
  And it feels like whoever's doing Dick Tracy now is doing a similar thing where it's like there's some great stuff in the in the dumber stuff.
  Like the dumbest stuff is all it counts.
  And it's fun.
 Yeah.
  And it was still very popular, apparently in the 70s.
  And that's why the postal service reached out to Charles Gould.
  I sent I sent you guys this the other day.
  And it's a poster that says Dick Tracy says, protect your mail.
  Use zip codes.
  I didn't realize zip codes were so new.
  But the poster is Dick Tracy looking at his watch and he's communicating with Mr.
 Zip, the old service mascot.
  Mr.
 Zip is in the the picture window on the on the watch.
  Another great merger.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
  I think there's a big change of pace when you had to like switch from like your letter like, hey, you're not just sending a letter.
  I put this number code after the the city and state.
  And that's also yeah, every son.
  I saw that in one of these because every Sunday comic had a thing at the top right corner called Crime Stoppers Textbook.
  And it would usually be a like a tip just for people to like not get crimed.
  So one is like, have your expensive jewelry photographed to aid police in its recovery should it.
  But then this one is just says Crime Stoppers Textbook, terrifying statistics.
  Children killed in bicycle accidents in U.
S.
 last year.
  Four hundred and fifty.
  Signed Dick Tracy.
  Boat for thought.
  Terrifying statistics.
  Was Dick Tracy like the original McGruff?  Yes.
 Yes, he was.
  Yeah, that ties it together.
  And if only they communicated via the two way wristwatch.
  And everything would really grow up.
  If I can just put it out to your listeners, especially your Patreon listeners, because that's where we are right now.
  If anyone knows what happened in volume 22 of the Dick Tracy collection and can tell me I'll pay you fifty dollars, not I will pay you two thousand dollars,  but I will pay you the cost of a normal Dick Tracy book, which is forty dollars.
  Because I want to know so bad.
  It must be crazier than the magnets to span.
  Like it must be even crazier than the one that I filled with notes if it's that much.
  Well, there's also I think some of your answers might be in this Wikipedia, which is very dense.
  You might want to poke around here and there might be some some little like trim downs of the story and also information like that in 1964.
  There was a nationwide contest to find a real life moon maid.
  They tried to find a real woman the most similar to moon maid.
  And then wait and then look, here's the way there's the winner.
  She's from Mississippi and she got to wear a sash that says Moon Maid One on it.
  Oh, man.
  She was Chester Gould and his wife's third.
  The fucking Tribune editors being like, oh, we got to do some sort of contest.
  Same time as the Beatles.
  This is happening.
  I don't I'm jumping all around here.
  I found the Wikipedia page of all the names of characters.
  Oh, yeah.
  Have you seen this?  Can I just share this real quick?  And I was like, oh, I'm going to write down I'm going to write down some of my favorite.
  They're all my favorites.
  There's like, like here, just take your pick.
  Trusty hubbub.
  Yeah, everybody just certain they say and stuff you like.
  Mr.
 Bribery.
  Spready Spencer.
  Eric Von Rhino.
  George Chinchiller and not a chinchiller.
  The human hair bandits.
  The apparatus.
  Rug head.
  Corpuscle.
  George Ozone.
  TV Wiggles.
  Tonsils, comma, dude.
  Mr.
 Crime.
  Mr.
 Crime one colon George Alpha.
  Or parenthetical George Alpha.
  Shaky Trembly.
  Mrs.
 Valtz.
  Deffy Sweetfellow.
  You guys thought Dick Tracy was boring and it's not.
  No, it's not.
  The movie is boring.
  Oh, well now hold on a second.
  Maybe we have to move over.
  I mean, we can call out names forever.
  We could do one more run of this at the end.
  Maybe.
  One more stud bronzer.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  You know what?  Let me say, let me say my, actually my favorite one.
  Oh, yeah.
  Where is it?  Sorry.
  I just want to make, oh, vitamin Flint heart.
  I feel like we only saw like a small fraction of the names also.
  He knows Diet Smith.
  Diet Smith and vitamin Flint heart.
  Vitamin Flint heart is an actor that Dick Tracy knows.
  Oh, great.
  I'm not sure.
  He seems like Dr.
  Smith from Lost in Space to me.
  No notes.
  Okay.
  In case it was now, if you're really not with us,  I mean, we're, we're pretty far into outer space.
  We're, we're heading to the moon via magnets.
  But the reason any of this is happening,  the reason we're discussing any of this is that there was maybe going to be a  Disneyland ride based on Dick Tracy,  but probably not based on any of that stuff,  but more based on the 1990s Disney movie.
  I mean,  I think that's the only movie that's going to be a Disney movie.
  And I figured we would discuss this very point.
  What do we think of this movie?  We've already got some strong opinions.
  Jason, do you want to, there's some shots were fired with boring.
  I'll clarify as well.
  I don't, I love it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I'm really glad it exists.
  This whole.
  This really holds a special place in my heart because it was one of the  most important movies in my life.
  I went back and checked the Disney release dates because I think my family,  I think the thinking was like, all right, he's over.
  Let's try a movie.
  And Disney was starting to get better in the mid to late eighties.
  So the first movie I remember seeing in theaters for sure was Oliver and  company.
  And then after that would have been a little mermaid.
  And then after that would have been Dick Tracy, Dick Tracy.
  I remember sticking with the movie.
  I remember watching it.
  I remember watching it.
  I remember watching it.
  And then after that would have been Dick Tracy, Dick Tracy.
  I remember sticking out in my head because I loved it so much.
  We went over to the toys for us across the street and I got the toy  wristwatch communicator.
  And then the re that was like,  I think in between like preschool and kindergarten,  and I think the rest of the summer at the beach,  I would just remember playing with like wet sand and going like,  this is like the cement.
  This is like filling up the bay.
  Like I thought Dick Tracy was great.
  I had a few of the, I don't think I went all in on the toys,  but I remember thinking the movie.
  I just thought it was, it was great.
  It probably just planet stuff subconsciously in my mind to just prep me for  like crime stuff.
  You're going to like crime stuff.
  You're going to like the music of Steven Sondheim.
  You're going to like big fluorescent backgrounds.
  And, and you're going to like all this stuff.
  I went back and rewatched it this week and I,  I just was shocked how odd it was.
  But as I'm watching it, I was like, man,  Al Pacino is really good in this.
  Yeah.
  He should have, I think he should have won an Oscar.
  And then I went and looked at the nominees and I forgot he was nominated  for an Oscar.
  He's not being for big boy Caprice.
  What?  The Oscars are so shitty now.
  Nothing that interesting would ever happen today.
  Why did we all agree?  We all know we nominate costume dramas is what we do.
  Those are the rules.
  That's amazing.
  Yeah.
 He does kick ass in this though.
  He's my favorite part by far.
  I think so much fun.
  He's like hunched over.
  He's dancing with like Madonna and chorus girls.
  Like when he's giving notes to the song,  that's the highlight for me.
  And he like slams the piano on Mandy Patinkin's hands.
  Yeah.
  That's Mandy Patinkin and the plays playing the piano.
  Unrecognizable.
  Yeah.
  And he is, the girls are very bad.
  They do a good job having them beat,  like they do a job conveying that they're doing a very lazy performance.
  More, more.
  And then he is better.
  This little like prosthetic butt little freak guy.
  And then when they finish and it's very half-assed,  he goes, no, no, that's not good.
  It was not good.
  It's so funny.
  It's not good.
  It's so much fun.
  It's so, it's so, and there's, it's such a stacked cast.
  Like it's great.
  James Kahn and Al Pacito, Michael and Sonny are back together again in this movie.
  Dick Van Dyke.
  Dustin Hoffman.
  Dustin Hoffman is mumbles.
  And he's funny.
  William Forsythe is flat top.
  This is, and this is years before,  like right around when William Forsythe is like doing the universal studio  souvenir VHS recordings.
  Wait, no, that's not who that is.
  That's John Forsythe.
  Oh, wait, is that a different, that is a different guy.
  Oh man, there's two Forsythe?  Because I couldn't remember, what's William Forsythe famous from?  Does anybody know?  Oh, I forget.
  It's, it's pretty big.
  It's something that you can find on antenna TV, I'm sure.
  Sure, sure.
  I have a question though for you, Jason, which is like, I'm watching this.
  I did not really grow up with this movie.
  And I, as I'm watching it in the last couple of years, my biggest thought is like,  how could a kid like this?  It's very slow.
  It is large portions that are just like quiet.
  I liked it as a kid as well.
  I loved it as a kid.
  Yeah.
  So we watched, it was a huge, like my brother and I watched it hundreds of times.
  We had all the toys.
  My brother had a Dick Tracy hat.
  I got a breathless Mahoney perm.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  You did your hair like breathless Mahoney.
  I did.
  I did like perm so I could look like breathless Mahoney.
  I have a question for everyone.
  Is breathless Mahoney a terrible character name or a great character name?  I mean, you have to check it against the list.
  It doesn't stack up against anything we heard.
  Yeah.
  My problem is the Dick Tracy, Warren Beatty, the Warren Beatty Madonna relationship in  the movie does not, it's boring and stupid and I don't care about it.
  I don't want him to like decide which girl to fuck.
  Like get back to big boy.
  Like I feel like that's what, watching it this summer, I was like, why is this, this  is stupid.
  Is this, this is cause like, was Warren Beatty like sleeping with Madonna before or after  the movie?  I think maybe during and that's why.
  So it all had to be in there so they could have their fun.
  It's just weird.
  It's like weird and tense and it's like, this is not good.
  This is not what the kids are here for.
  The chemistry, the chemistry is certainly palpable, but like someone threw a bucket  at you, not a bucket of water, just the bucket and it just like nails you.
  Al Pacino is like the one in the movie, I feel like who like gets exactly what it should  be doing.
  Yeah.
  It's the most like Green Goblin-y.
  It's like so for us.
  Like we always love, like with Ivan Ooze, we love a great actor doing something many,  many levels beneath him and bringing all of his acting nuance to just shouting and stomping.
  It is so fun when he flips the table.
  He could say, I want, they're trying to say, dad, like in every scene I wouldn't get tied.
  I think he does maybe.
  I think it's said multiple times.
  Oh yeah.
  And this is years before Dunk a Chino.
  Like, like, I mean, Dunk a Chino is amazing, but like, I mean, this is so, he's so fun.
  This hints at the comedy shops maybe.
  Yeah.
  Are you guys fans of Danny Collins?  This movie where he plays like a pop star?  Do you know about this movie?  It's like, it's pretty sleepy.
  Like it's not a lot to write home about, except that the point is he's like kind of a sellout-y pop star who's kind of a mix of Rod Stewart and Neil Diamond.
  And he there was this other path he could have taken if he knew that there was a letter written to him in his folk days from John Lennon that would have taken him on the path to like credibility and great songwriting and artistry.
  But instead, he's like an unbelievably successful.
  He's sort of a Neil Diamond stand-in, which just Al Pacino being Neil Diamond is the strangest thing.
  And the only reason I like the movie is because they filmed the scene where Al Pacino performed at the Greek theater.
  Like there was a Chicago concert, the band Chicago, and he came out in the encore and they said, guess what?  Surprise everyone.
  We're going to shoot Al Pacino singing at you for 30 minutes before you can leave.
  Yeah, so I know Joe Wenger told me this story that two other like two of two other UCB guys, I forgot who it was, were like just like, oh, Chicago's playing at the Greek theater.
  Let's just like sit on the hill outside and listen, like just listen through.
  Oh, yeah, because you can sneak up there kind of.
  Yeah.
  So they're just like sitting there stoned and then they hear like, ladies and gentlemen, Danny Collins.
  And then like they hear this song get played.
  And they're like, I don't recognize that song.
  And then the voice goes, ladies and gentlemen, Danny Collins.
  And then the same song is played again exactly because they had to film it a couple of times, but they were just like, are we dead?  Like what's happening?  And then when Danny Collins came out, they were like, oh, that's what happened.
  But they had to wait like a year and a half to know what the fuck it was.
  Someone told them, but they were totally freaked out.
  That's so insane.
  Wow.
  Like you're caught in a loop.
  And what is this song?  And the song itself, I would just encourage anybody to look up because it's clearly meant to be sweet Caroline.
  But the song is called Hey Baby Doll.
  And hearing Al Pacino try to be, hey, baby doll, what's going on?  And there's a I've watched I'm so obsessed with this.
  I've watched the filming of the scene where there's like this lead up to the scene.
  This lead up to like he's basically trying to say, and here's one I think you know, but with all his Pacino nuance, he ends up saying, and I think I think I think you know.
  Like if you were watching this as a genuine concert, like no pop star is as insane as this.
  Not even close.
  But I guess what I'm saying is I want him to do the full Danny Collins tour very badly.
  We're all we all need it after Covid.
  This didn't come out in theaters, right?  This is a big movie.
  I don't remember this.
  It was easy to forget.
  I don't know why I know it.
  Do a second date about Danny Collins.
  Yeah, hell yeah.
  All right, guys, what is the Danny Collins theme park ride look like?  No, I think it's a coaster.
  You can honestly skip 85% of the movie.
  Only the music part is all you need to concern yourself with.
  So anyway, I was so delighted to see him singing with Madonna and the girls as a Danny Collins fan.
  It's so great.
  But the right.
  OK, so the whole thing here is it's, you know, clearly that movie was they were going for an 89 Batman vibe there.
  They're trying to make that their Disney strike back to Tim Burton Batman.
  And while it did pretty well and they did merch it out and did the tie ins and McDonald's and everything, it was not quite.
  It was like one hundred and ten million dollar movie, not a four hundred million, which is what they wanted it to be.
  And that's the money that would have justified doing a theme park ride of it.
  And it didn't get there.
  So it's like a weird like I guess people are fond of it, but it's not like it was.
  It just wasn't like a mega blockbuster, which is a hard, hard standard to hit.
  Yeah, it's it was.
  Yeah, it was.
  They thought it was they for sure were like, this is this is it.
  We're going to make like so many of these.
  Mm hmm.
  But can we talk about Warren Beatty and like the special?  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, so yeah, I think I think you're right that the the the the the romance is tough.
  Warren Beatty's I feel like he's just not he's slum in the movie.
  Yeah.
  Well, you guys feel like let me admit my like not being the most film knowledgeable person.
  I think I am lacking in the education as to why Warren Beatty is good.
  I don't think that I've seen the movie that like what is what's the big one where I should like and respect him.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Bonnie and Clyde.
  Yeah, I like Bonnie and Clyde.
  Is it in the Teralax view?  I think he's in Teralax view.
  I think that's super good.
  Mm hmm.
  I'll tell you 70s stuff.
  He was just like really charismatic.
  He produced all them all himself.
  Like he was really, really fun.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He when he was a little older, I feel like he was still like I can do it's feel like I feel like he could get away with like this much energy in the 70s.
  And then he was still using that much energy when he was older and Dick Tracy and it didn't work anymore.
  Bullworth.
  Great movie.
  Great movie.
  Bullworth.
  Boy, I've always wondered.
  I've never tried.
  Town and country seems like a weird cost 90 million dollars and no one saw it.
  Like he just keeps occupying this odd spaces.
  This tour who will never stop getting chances despite being so strange.
  The my go ahead.
  I was going to he hasn't I think he said it like he hasn't made that many movies also.
  Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  He's he's in like a lot less than you would think for being like a person everyone considers like a legend.
  Nikon.
  Yeah.
  But so the rumor has been at some point is there a Dick Tracy sequel and he has tried to ensure that this could happen via squatting on the rights.
  And a lot of people might know this and it was recently discussed actually between Blank Check and the Doughboys on a recent episode.
  But if you don't know at some point the film rights were going to expire and Warren Beatty was going to have to give them up.
  And instead of giving them up he realized that if he did something if he just put out any filmed media that would indicate that he could still continue to have the rights.
  So he quickly jammed out a weird half hour special that aired once is the laziest thing you've ever seen is not a narrative film with Dick Tracy.
  It's Dick Tracy going to be interviewed by Leonard Malton at a table.
  And we all watch this it seems like.
  Yeah.
  I mean it's the length of time it takes to eat like a club sandwich.
  It's like barely 30 minutes.
  It's not very long.
  There's some very odd.
  A lot of it is just a history of Dick Tracy.
  The sit down the Warren Beatty stuff is very quick.
  There's some very odd Mindy Sterling.
  Frau Farbissina herself is in it.
  Wendy McLendon Covey.
  Yeah doing like improv.
  It was clear they were like all right we need people who can improv because we have no plan for what they're doing and why.
  So they do this kind of meandering scene on the Disney lot where they're waiting for an important person to come.
  And if you didn't see the title of the video you'd be really wondering what is this scene and why and we're on the Disney's.
  I would like to show this to somebody who didn't know what it was.
  It's like I can't tell you to sit down enjoy this movie.
  Because then when full Dick Tracy in a 40s car and his yellow trench coat showed up to like 2006 Disney lot.
  How confused would you be.
  I feel like he didn't plan anything he was going to say.
  He also seems to be like off the cuff pretty much the entire time.
  He's very it's a much more whimsical take on Dick Tracy that he's playing I would say he's a lot more jokey than Dick Tracy is in the movie.
  He's having more fun you know.
  Yeah kind of sloppily talking about how he stayed looking young because he eats a lot of pomegranates.
  So yeah so there so in the narrative of the show he is Dick Tracy.
  He is not Warren Beatty they make a little fun references to it.
  But he is they're treating Dick Tracy I believe as if he's a hundred and six year old man or something.
  103.
  103 year old man.
  I think.
  Yeah.
  So it's played for it's played for some laughs but they're they're acting as if Dick Tracy is a real life.
  103 year old man who has had multiple media made about him.
  Oh yes and he's frequently referred to as like the most famous law enforcement officer.
  Like he was a cop of such renown that they had to make a comic and multiple movies and serials in a 1990 film.
  Yes and there's winks to Warren Beatty.
  They're talking about Warren Beatty playing Dick Tracy and he says he says like oh he did an OK job but that Warren Beatty is more of a knee jerk liberal.
  I'm a conservative.
  Yes he gives a lot more credit to the actors who played him in old movies and movie serials.
  And he's like oh Warren Beatty was all right.
  Like he's trying to be self effacing.
  But then there's a weird part where like he's talking about J.
 Edgar Hoover wanting to do an FBI Dick Tracy and he goes J.
 Edgar Hoover he was a great man.
  He was a he was a conservative.
  So it's like OK so he's like doing like a in game liking J.
 Edgar Hoover.
  So Dick Tracy likes J.
 Edgar Hoover.
  Warren Beatty made reds.
  Like what are you why are you putting why are you giving so much like shine to J.
 Edgar Hoover Beatty.
  I think it's funny though that Warren Beatty sees Dick Tracy as like a conservative monster.
  I kind of think that's funny.
  I think that I actually like that about the special like oh that's good.
  Well and then he keeps going and he says yeah J.
 Edgar Hoover good conservative.
  Another good conservative Al Cap who is also a comic writer and any good any I think he references this whole dog patch world that we talked about and the parody that you guys just referred to.
  Right.
  Do they go into that.
  The the.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And there was a William Randolph Hearst Dick Tracy parody as well.
  Secret Agent X 9.
  Yes.
  Trying to retain the rights to a character the best thing you could do is kind of like slit like treat him like shit in this special and like be like yeah he's like a idiot who likes these dumb political things.
  I don't like him.
  This is my case for why there should be more of this.
  Yes.
  Is a fascist.
  Let me make another Dick Tracy.
  Is there another like something from 1990 that this same thing could have applied to like if I can't remember a lot of 1990 movies but like if if Bill Cosby was going to lose the rights to Ghost Dad and then he suddenly suddenly there was Ghost Dad special and we're going to update everybody on what Ghost Dad's been up to.
  Joining us today Hudson Hawk himself.
  My favorite line was when Leonard Bolton asked him if he would like a drink and he says I don't drink Mr.
 Bolton it might confuse me.
  The lines aren't all bad.
  They're not all bad.
  They're not all bad.
  No okay jokes I feel like.
  But he's also got that weird sleepy.
  Blue.
  Some sometimes a blueberry.
  Like he like gargles a lot and kind of coughs.
  I mean like he makes Harrison Ford on talk shows seem like a real dynamo.
  Also, they set up a lot of plot lines with all the various like groundlings who are on the Disney lot and I don't think they pay off any of them.
  Yeah, they're worried that a famous person's coming and then a lot of reference to their history like you always do this you always freak out you always lose your mind when the star comes and you can't do that again.
  And someone's flirting with Junior.
  Wait what?  Junior the driver?  Whoever the driver is one of the groundlings is flirting with him.
  Oh okay.
  There's a all of the females are weird in it like the women are so just like enraptured by even being near Dick Tracy and then besides the two groundlings ones there's one actress I don't know but she's just in the sound stage right before Dick Tracy turns the corner and her business before Warren walks on frame is she's just like adjusting her breasts.
  Like very full-handedly.
  And so you're like so I guess this is what Warren Beatty thinks women do all the time.
  If I'm not around women are just juggling their own boobs.
  Or thinking about how hot I am.
  It feels very poochy this whole special is like you know Dick Tracy should always be on screen and when he's not everyone should be asking where's Dick Tracy.
  Did anyone catch this in the credits the director of photography of this?  Yes.
  Did you see this Mike?  Yes of course.
  Do you know how to pronounce his name correctly because you have worked with him.
  I have worked with this director of photography Emanuel Lubezki.
  Chivo.
  Chivo who is you know the cinematographer of Children of Man and Gravity.
  He's the guy who won three years in a row right?  He won the battle of White House for three years.
  He's some kind of he's a genius.
  I have worked with him on a DirecTV commercial.
  Which one?  What are you doing in it?  I am hang gliding.
  Oh it's the hang gliding one.
  I hit power lines and get electrocuted.
  And we've discussed you being imperiled and like what if you catch wind and end up flying around on it.
  So that was being shot by the person who also shot Sandra Bullock hung up for days in a big space setting.
  And it was very clear that he was so much more skilled than the director.
  The director was.
  Boring baby.
  Maybe I'll cut this out but I won't.
  The director was like a burned out weirdo who like was very lazy and strange.
  And then like Chivo would be like does this shot look good to him and I'm like you're a genius.
  What does this guy know?  He doesn't know anything.
  And he would like always ask like is this does he like the look of it.
  Obviously that's his job but still I was like this man is this man should direct this commercial.
  Boy this along with Janusz Kaminski Spielberg's DP shooting cool as ice right before Jurassic Park and Schindler's List.
  These I think are the two best bizarre credits.
  So yeah so look there's a star power behind the camera too on the Sticker C special.
  Even though then you see a shot where like they're behind a sound stage and there's just like a big sun angle.
  Like it's sunny here and shady here.
  It's like specifically not well shot.
  And then the bulk of it is just a Charlie Rose interview where it's two cameras and a table.
  So why did they need the greatest DP of modern times to do this?  That's a good question.
  Very strange.
  You know with the with Dick Tracy not doing so great there was sort of a reckoning at the studio.
  Because this is still like Eisner hasn't been there for that long.
  And this happens kind of right before the animation Renaissance and where they'd like you know they've never had their act more together than in that era.
  But you know being that they spent all this money they assumed this is going to be a mega hit and then it wasn't.
  It required a lot of like discussion and you know how do we make sure this doesn't happen again.
  And that is why Michael Eisner tasked the executive in charge of the production Jeffrey Katzenberg to analyze why this didn't go so well.
  And this is in Michael Eisner's biography.
  Let me just run through this quickly.
  Dick Tracy was used as an example of how we violated our basic tenants by Katzenberg's reckoning.
  We'd been drawn to a huge talent Warren Beatty paid a very high price to sign him and then devoted enormous time and energy to the project in part to justify our investment.
  What we overlooked Jeffrey argued was the fact that the movie lacked an emotionally compelling story and characters that the audience could care about.
  They spent all this money on a big star and didn't care about the story.
  And that's a lesson that Jeffrey Katzenberg never forgot.
  That's that's why Chrissy's Court is the compelling streamers saving program that we know and love to this day.
  I feel it should be mentioned if you haven't seen Dick Tracy.
  And one thing that the 2014 special is kind of a softball on Leonard Maltin's part.
  If he was really interviewing this guy for real, I feel like he probably should have mentioned that Dick Tracy spends a lot of his police work just blowing horrifying looking mobsters away with Tommy guns.
  It's like a very prolonged shootout at the end of this movie.
  And they extended that sort of setup into the Disney parks.
  As you can see from this picture with Dick Tracy holding a Tommy gun at Big Boy and Mumbles and Flat Top in front of the replica of the Chinese theater right at Disney MGM studios.
  Those are great costumes.
  They are great.
  Awesome.
  They're so bright.
  The suits are so vibrant and they I don't think this technique has been deployed much in the Disney parks.
  Like latex character masks that are sort of they're pretty accurate.
  It's kind of like the mask and drive.
  Okay, so there was a Dick Tracy presence at the parks despite this ride that we're talking about not getting built via this street scene, which is so much fun.
  I wish I could have seen those characters.
  Did anybody do you remember?  Did anybody see them at Disney MGM studios or would have been Disneyland for me?  I think I might have actually.
  I think I don't know if we have pictures with them, but I remember I have a vague memory of those guys.
  Hmm.
  I also have now I have a vague memory.
  We might just have to do a Dick Tracy too because once we've all read more of the moon era, but also I think they did a thing where you know one of those the kid is in the movie kind of shows where like you're put on a costume and and and what we'll film it and watch it back after.
  I think there was a thing like that or like a little kid could dress up like Dick Tracy and his little sister would be the bad guy and they'd make a little scene, which I feel like I've seen that on YouTube and the sisters hamming it up.
  But the boy decides halfway through he is too scared to be doing it and they have to like just keep nudging him to do all the things.
  So you're watching him really like limply hold up a Tommy gun that he does not believe in firing.
  He just wants to go to the bathroom or something.
  So there's that whatever that was.
  And then there was a show which was at both par both American parks called Dick Tracy's diamond double cross, which I'm not prepared with a lot of info about the only thing I'm like super aware of is that there was a point in the show maybe the finale of the show.
  This children's theme park show is Dick Tracy walking out with a Tommy gun and firing his own name into the sky with bullets.
  It's pretty wild and hearing the like typically cheesy Disney singers like calling Dick Tracy.
  His name is Dick.
 He's Dick Tracy.
  It's so I don't know how they like the tone of how they presented it in the parks versus what the tone of the film is so shocking that this is like it is like an art film that's full of violence.
  Yeah, it's a song time and then the score is Danny Elfman.
  Oh, that's right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 And it sounds exactly like Batman.
  Yeah, it's like score.
 You would think it's Batman.
 Yeah, it's crazy.
  How much how much it sounds like it.
 Yeah, he was definitely Warren Beatty was definitely like I saw what Robert Altman did with Popeye and I'm gonna do a similar thing.
  Like we're gonna try the same thing for more of that.
 Another thing like that.
 Yeah, I think I was thinking how I feel the same way.
  I like I wish I liked both Altman Popeye and Beatty Dick Tracy more.
  I feel like that's the more interesting way to go.
 But don't you I just watched them both and like fall asleep literally.
  Am I crazy? No, you're not crazy.
 It's I had never seen it.
 I was too afraid of this movie as a child.
 I was afraid of the bad guys.
  They were in McDonald's.
 They haunted me every turn.
 I didn't like it.
  I didn't like it.
 I didn't like there was a Crime Stoppers game in McDonald's.
 I like the idea of winning something.
  But I didn't see it till this summer.
 I didn't watch it till this summer.
  And I think we talked about it before in a show like there's some cool stuff in it.
  There's that like far away shot that's like a painted background and he beats up the guy in the little shack and the shack is bouncing back and forth.
  That's cool.
 It looks like a comic strip.
 There's stuff like that.
  And then a lot then all of a sudden it'll just be like three scenes in a row of like a back like a diner painted red sleepy dialogue.
  Not much going on.
 And you're like, OK, well, but isn't there like some scenes are like, oh, they really tried hard here.
  And then some of them you're like, this isn't anything.
 There's nothing going on in this.
  I also have one of those, you know, nerdy little wiener confessions, which is that at this age, you know, five to seven or so, whenever this was all happening,  because I liked Disney and was so like allegiance to the corporate brand, I was as a little wiener, I was upset that Disney would do something with Madonna.
  I frankly didn't approve, you know, not just the sexuality, but the imagery with the crosses.
  Very not appropriate.
 And just that they would align themselves with this this deviant pop star.
  Whoa.
 So I was upset from that from that angle as well.
  You know, you were hearing that in the house or somewhere else.
  I hope so.
 I hope this was a parented mother opinion, because why?  How did I come to this as a six year old boy?  It would be very funny.
  Huff and puff.
 Your mom never said anything and you just yeah, you were just like putting the pieces together.
  Well, that's that's certainly my unfortunate suspicion.
  I'm staring at this baby wondering how I can make this baby not be a little wiener like I was.
  Wow.
 I don't need these Madonna songs.
 My favorite song is give me that old time religion.
  Pretty much.
 No, I like to raise you up on eagles wings.
  That was that was my jam.
  Wow.
 Thinking about the Madonna aspect now, I didn't realize that I was I was looking up, you know, now I can handle it.
  Now I'm OK with Madonna.
  Don't mean to brag, but and I like I was I just I usually put in Madonna Dick Tracy.
  She was doing some of these songs on her tour.
  Like when she had the ponytail and the cone bra and all that like blonde ambition,  she would still have a segment of the show where a very theme parky Dick Tracy came out and they danced together and stuff.
  It's it's it really delighted me.
  It's like the to a song called Hanky Panky.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, all of this is on the album.
  I'm breathless, which is like got the Steven Sondheim songs got other kind of songs that would kind of fit in the breathless universe.
  And then it ends with Vogue like Vogue is on.
  I'm breathless.
  I am aghast of that.
 That's insane.
  That's the album that Vogue is a single from.
  I had the tape.
  It's it's a pretty good album.
  But yeah, Hanky Panky got Hanky Panky.
  If I'm being bad, just spank me.
  I know all the songs.
  I can say you know what?  I was right as a seven year old.
  This is wow.
  Scott, were you upset?  Were you upset when Madonna did Beautiful Stranger and Austin Powers 2?  No, by that point I was fine.
  And also she was pretty modest, I feel, in around that time.
  You know, she's wearing denim jackets.
  She's covered.
  You know, she's showing a little midriff and that's OK.
  She's in good shape and she deserves to show it off.
  But it wasn't as many of those Dick Tracy performances are unsleeved.
  She's showing her bare shoulders.
  Yeah.
  Well, I can get behind that.
  I can get behind that feeling.
  Those Austin Powers 2 people did cast this roller girl, Heather Graham.
  I don't know about that.
  Don't pursue the rest of her body of work.
  Wow.
  That is a really like grade A wiener revelation.
  Yeah, pretty bad, right?  Really good stuff.
  That's full.
  That's like three years into this podcast.
  A podcast that's full of grade A wiener revelations.
  From three giant wieners.
  I'm imagining that you, your mom was trying to take you to Dick Tracy and you're like,  I shan't.
  I shan't, mother.
  But mother, her pillowy bosom is too visible.
  I am not of age to see such ribaldry.
  Was it Truth or Dare, that movie?  I think that during, I've never seen Truth or Dare, but I've heard that like the weirdest parts of it are like that her boyfriend is Warren Beatty.
  During Truth or Dare and like, and they have this weird relationship.
  I have seen those clips now that you bring that up.
  I don't have anything specific other than to say I remember that it's weird.
  Cause he's like 53 and how old is she?  Like 20s, late 20s?  20s, late 30s?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Didn't she also, I believe that she, did a Dick Tracy song,  did a Dick Tracy song win Best Original Song at the Oscars this year?  Yeah, it's the only Sondheim Oscar.
  Whoa!  I'm kidding.
  Yeah, possibly.
  I think, I'm pretty sure, but it's sooner or later one.
  And she performed it and I believe that her date to this particular Oscars was one Michael Jackson.
  So in addition to all the Warren Beatty weirdness, and I think there was some vanilla ice stuff going on as well,  and there's Rodman in there.
  Am I making that up?  And then, and a date with Michael.
  Very strange.
  Wow.
  That Madonna, she gets around, doesn't she?  Scott is getting, his blood is boiling just talking about it.
  You can't, multiple boyfriends in a couple of years span.
  Pick one.
  If you're going to wear a cross, you should prove your fidelity to the man you love.
  You're running out of ringer, fingers to put that ring on.
  You got so many rings and not enough fingers.
  He, like in 2016, did a round of interviews about dating Madonna that I'm just seeing right now.
  He's in People Magazine, opening up about the relationship.
  Her doing like this massive, like biggest pop star in the world, doing Dick Tracy is like if tomorrow it came out like Lady Gaga to star in Prince Valiant, the movie.
  So weird.
  Wow, Prince Valiant.
  How, Dick Tracy was, we rolled passes.
  When was Dick Tracy created?  When did it start?  31.
  31.
  So how far, we're close to it being public domain.
  Oh wow.
  We're like 10 years away from public domain.
  Now I assume Warren Beatty will be alive still and clinging to the rights.
  Still making media about how women are in love with him.
  Like make up a little scene where like 22 year olds are like, oh, be still my heart, Warren.
  Howard Hughes, my, my.
  He has time to make another Dick Tracy.
  Yes, he absolutely has time.
  I mean, he has it.
  He's only made what that Howard Hughes movie in the last 15 years.
  Yeah.
  Come on, Warren.
  We were trying to figure out the like Dark Knight Returns angle.
  I think there's a Watchmen angle where like Junior investigates the murder of Dick Tracy.
  Sort of thing.
  But only if Warren Beatty plays Junior.
  He plays Junior now.
  So Junior's old.
  Oh, okay.
  No, he puts a wig on.
  He like, he, they do like reverse aging on him, like the Irishman.
  Oh, good.
  Wait a minute.
  The rumor, to bring it back to something Jason referenced, the rumor is that he was asked to play the Burt Reynolds part in Boogie Nights.
  But he said, no, I want to play Dirk Diggler.
  He wanted to be Mark Wahlberg.
  Is that true?  I think so.
  In 1997.
  Yeah.
  This is what he thought he could pull off.
  That's a funny meeting for Paul Thomas Anderson to have to take.
  Being like, I think it's like Christopher Lee trying to be Gandalf, but, but weirder.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I'm trying to think that's probably the best version of it.
  I know De Niro wanted to be Robert Forster's role in Jackie Brown.
  Oh.
  And he was like, no, it's gotta be Robert Forster.
  That's cool.
  Yeah.
  Mike, you had a pitch of how this new Dick Tracy would play out that I liked a lot.
  I did.
  I'm trying to remember what it was.
  I know the name that I pitched.
  All I remember is the name.
  That Junior is bad.
  Yes.
  Junior is bad and he turns into a villain named Kid Face.
  And his face never, he's the man whose face never grew up.
  He's young Charlie Cosmos face on a man.
  Adult man's body.
  Yeah.
  So.
  He has to license his childhood image to be made into a prosthetic.
  Right.
  They would have to do it with masks and prosthetics and stuff.
  I mean, that's like the core of.
  Oh, sorry.
  Did you guys know that Charlie Cosmos is like a very high ranking Republican?  Yes.
  Oh, geez.
  A conservative law professor.
  His Wikipedia states that he is in the Federalist Society, which is that psycho secret society  that tells you like, here's all the conservative psychos.
  You got to make judges, guys.
  The kid from Dick Tracy and Hook, by the way, is who we're talking about.
  And what about Bob?  Oh, right, right.
  Was he involved in like recently Sam Alito did a whole speech.
  Was that to that group?  Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
  So Dick Tracy's kid was involved in Supreme Court Justice Alito's very aggressive speech  that he just gave that, you know, he put down the Supreme Court case on gay marriage  and a variety of other positive changes that have been made in America in the last few decades.
  Do you think he was.
.
.
  Junior's a good conservative.
  Exactly.
  Do you think he was pilled by this thinking that Dick Tracy like was conservative and cool  and like being like, oh, this is what I want to be like.
  And then after they finished shooting Warren Beatty was like, no, no, it was an act.
  It was just an act, Junior.
  Charlie, don't be a conservative.
  He's like, too late, pops.
  You know, Q is going to need a new like hero now that somehow logic defying Lee, Donald Trump may be leaving office.
  So can we can we like do a drop?  Can we be do a Q drop?  Because like anybody could just go in and do it.
  Right.
 So can we convince people that those people that the Dick Tracy mythology is real?  And then so then before long, they're all shouting about the moon is the way magnets got us there.
  A big boy is clearly predicting the Joe Biden victory going around.
  I didn't kidnap this girl, Dick Tracy.
  Vitamin Flint Heart is going to run in 2024 and beat Joe Biden.
  Yeah, that would be.
  I mean, that's not let's let's talk about this ride.
  This is probably the deepest into an episode that the ride has not been.
  By the way, the rules that we were I was referring to obliquely at the beginning,  the rules I felt were that Eva, you were not going to learn about the ride at all.
  And we were not going to learn about Dick Tracy on the moon.
  And then we would have a an idea exchange.
  I love that.
 Yes, I have not Googled once.
  Great.
 Great.
  Well, perfect.
  And you know, it's well, it's a crazy thing about this, actually, is that a lot of I think the awareness of this attraction is that it was referenced  in a special that said, here's all the things that are going to be coming to Disneyland soon, almost none of which happened.
  And that special was that special was hosted by your dad.
  I know.
 And it was the first time I ever heard about this ride was when you guys played me that clip.
  But then I learned more about it.
  But yeah, the only reason you guys know about it is because of that special.
  Right.
 It's a it's a very odd thing.
  We need to probably hit everything in that list because I don't think a one of them happened.
  Like maybe in general, they say he says like the Little Mermaids come in in 1993.
  It was like a couple of decades early.
  A lot of it sounds cool, especially this.
  And this would have been part of something that was like a bigger plan.
  They say this ride was going to come in 96 and that that would be the first part of a Disneyland expansion that would have happened in 99 called Hollywood Land.
  And I tried to learn a little more about what would have been up with Hollywood Land.
  Because like where do you put things at regular Disneyland?  Apparently you would have come into the park.
  You're in town square over on your right is the Lincoln Theater.
  And like that backstage opening basically where the parade exits and enters that they would have taken that over and you would have crossed over there into Hollywood Land.
  Basically in the backstage area behind Space Mountain.
  So that's weird, right? Space Mountain is huge.
  What do you do with that?  They would have painted the back half of it to look like the Hollywood Hills with the Hollywood sign on it.
  This will all be a Jim Hill, by the way.
  Credit to him for the for the rumors.
  Wow.
  Hollywood Land.
 Do we like Hollywood Land?  Yeah.
  I don't know that I like the painted Space Mountain.
  Pretty weird.
  That sounds bad.
  Everything else I'm fine with.
  That little piece of real estate has been earmarked a little bit before for other things.
  So I feel like there is some room there to maybe do something like this.
  But I.
  Yeah.
  When did California Adventure open?  2001.
  So it made this irrelevant immediately, right?  Like having the Hollywood section of California Adventure.
  You don't need a Hollywood Land across in Disneyland, right?  Oh, right.
  Well, it was also earmarked the Dick Tracy ride and some of the other stuff that was never built was eyed for like the second phase of Disney MGM Studios in Florida.
  Oh, cool.
  Oh, yeah.
  That would.
 Yeah.
  Maybe in that same zone, there maybe would have been a little miniature Chicago as part of it, I suppose.
  And I don't know.
  There's like not the most information about this ride, I will say, which is why it's good.
  Well, you know, I'm glad we had other stuff to flesh it out because we don't know a lot because the thing never got built.
  But the main details of Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers is you would you would have raced through the streets of Chicago in a 1920s car being chased by gangsters.
  And you would have been swerving all around and banking turns in a just, you know, huge scale set and attraction.
  And how do you fight back against the gangsters against flat top?  Big point, everybody.
  Your car is equipped with a Tommy gun.
  This would have been a ride like an Indiana Jones like vehicle.
  But also you have a gun.
  Yes.
  A real gun.
  A real gun.
  Yes.
  Not a laser.
  They would have zoned that area for firing.
  They would say like you have a gun.
  It shoots bullets.
  Here you go.
  Like in the narrative of the ride, you're firing bullets.
  Yes.
  You're not shooting ray gun.
  No, no, just actual.
  Now you can get more information about this thing from a book that we referenced recently by Imagineer Kevin Rafferty called Magic Journey.
  We consulted this because he was working on Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
  He's working on the Creatures Choice Awards, this bizarre attraction that we did at Second Gate about.
  And this all at the same time.
  The amount of strange potential attractions he was keeping in his head are pretty amazing.
  And he goes out of his way in the book to say, yeah, it's a gun, but you don't shoot people.
  We never would have had a point in the ride where you aim the gun at a person and blow their brains out.
  It's like a shooting gallery.
  You shoot crates and potted plants and all that sort of stuff.
  Yeah.
  Or is he saying that flat top is not human?  Yeah.
 So like, would you like hit like a pot and then it would fall on someone's head?  Maybe.
 Or they just would have been like hiding behind stuff and like you would have like made them jump behind something.
  There he is.
  So you were like, you were just like on a car and you were trying to intimidate everyone in the city that you were driving by.
  Yeah.
  Just warning shots.
  The crazy thing that Rafferty says in his book was everyone was warning him Michael Eisner hates guns,  which is bizarre because Dick Tracy blows away a lot of people in that movie.
  The other thing that's bizarre is in the moment when he's pitching it to Michael Eisner and his famous.
.
.
  Frank Wells.
  Frank Wells, is he describes it as like, oh, but it's not just a, it's a fun gun.
  Like he uses the term fun gun.
  A fun gun.
 It's not shooting confetti.
  Yeah.
  Which that to me is a fun gun.
  For sure.
  I mean, let's think about, look at the Disney guns of all the guns that exist in the theme parks.
  There's Buzz Lightyear, there's Toy Story Midway Mania and that shoots rings, that shoots confetti, it shoots balls.
  What else? What other?  Jungle Cruise.
  Jungle Cruise.
 That is a real gun in the context of the ride.
  It is a real gun, but they've changed a lot over the years.
  You can't shoot the hippos anymore.
  You fire in the air to scare them away.
  Right.
  I feel like at some point, because I remember as a kid going to Disneyland and coming back with some guns,  going to Disney World because you would go play on the Ford on Tom Sawyer Island and the shops would have like guns for sale.
  They stopped selling those.
  They don't sell bubble guns even anymore.
  Right.
  There's guns in the Haunted Mansion when there's like a draw, a duel.
  Yeah.
  Lots of guns in Pirates.
  Of course.
  Oh yeah.
  That's got the most guns.
  And that's like, that's pirates shooting guns at the guest's head.
  Yeah.
  That is like at the end, the guy on the cannon is just like, got a gun and he's shooting at you.
  Which is pretty crazy if you think about it now.
  But I will be upset if they take that away.
  Brer Rabbit's gun.
  Yeah.
  He's playing Russian roulette.
  That's why they had to close the, change the ride.
  Yeah.
  The Russian roulette scene.
  Yeah.
  You should try this too, kid.
  So yeah, I guess.
  There are a lot when you add it up.
  I guess, yeah.
  But never is the guest in control.
  Right.
  Of a real gun like that.
  That is still pretty crazy.
  I mean, if it's, these were going to be real Tommy gun, like it would have been a two-hander.
  I think so.
  I mean, which is crazy to me to think about like on the Indiana Jones ride every now and  then of like, like white knuckled holding onto a backpack, let alone trying to like  angle a gun.
  Yeah.
  It's like, you have to have a ride vehicle, I would think that's pretty like stationary  in its movement.
  It wouldn't be so like such a tumultuous ride.
  Sure.
  But that's not what it would have been.
  It would have been an Indiana Jones style.
  It's rumored that they developed that technology for this because there is no vehicle preexisting  that could give you the feeling of whipping around, like suddenly changing your mind and  going a different way.
  And a regular vehicle couldn't really do that.
  So they needed that like extra boost so that it's a vehicle on top of a vehicle.
  I get it, but yeah, imagine going in Indiana Jones, yes, as Jason's saying, and like trying  to aim.
  How?  Shooting the snake.
  I'm picturing like the gunner also is like facing out the back of the car, which I think  would be super fun actually, if you could have like two perspectives, like front and  back, but then you'd be just shooting at the vehicle behind you, which is not good.
  Yeah and you get like, people would get hit in the face with the guns.
  The gun would slip out of their hand and hit them in the head.
  Unless they were mounted down.
  Yeah like Buzz Lightyear mounts.
  But even then, then how many, your perspective is kind of straight, like you can only shoot  at things in front of you.
  Right.
  Yeah, I just feel like they would have run into some problems if they really did follow  through on a car that was that dynamic and exciting on a ride vehicle.
  But they got far enough that they bought an old car and mocked up sets in a warehouse  in North Hollywood and got the craziest detail to me was they got Michael Eisner to sit in  the car with the Imagineers and whip around these sets and like slam on the brakes and  stuff and Eisner and the Imagineers are all crashing into each other.
  And that is so funny.
  I mean, I can't imagine Michael like Bob Iger wearing a t-shirt, let alone whipping around  in a Studebaker.
  Yeah, they bought an old car and the driver wore a pinstripe suit in a fedora.
  Like you just got out of Sing Sing.
  And they like, yeah, and they painted this.
  I mean, like this is where you just lose your mind.
  Like how cool would it have been to try this at this, this ride that never got built pseudo  existed in a warehouse, like up by the Burbank airport.
  That is so cool.
  I don't think I knew about the secret warehouse either.
  We know where Imagineering is, but now I've looked up like, oh, now I know where the Imagineering  warehouse is, which is I think maybe really where the cool stuff happens.
  It's unmarked.
  That's where we got to go.
  Can anyone help us get in there?  Maybe, maybe nobody's there.
  If nobody's working there right now because of COVID.
  Let's just break in.
  With Tommy guns.
  I don't think we're just researching a potential ride.
  And then they'll put us in cement.
  They'll give us the bath, like Paul Sorvino, where you actually see, you can actually get  to see the wet cement go in his little wet lips, his gross big lips, because he's a lips  manless.
  That's such a creep.
  That's a scary scene for a kid.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Did you, Jason, think that that might, like, if you didn't behave that somebody might do  that to you?  I think, yeah, I texted you guys that like, yeah, the cement stuff and then just running  around the beach that summer going like, you're a flat top and I'm going to shoot you.
  Jason, did you have a favorite villain as a child?  I'm trying to think.
  I think it would have been like the more like a prune.
  I think prune face.
  I think I liked prune face.
  Did prune face eat it in that like second scene?  Like when the kid finds a warehouse?  I think so.
  I forget.
  He think he dies pretty early.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They really, they, yeah, they really kill a lot of his villains off.
  I think I was more scared of like the Batman trailers and commercials and stuff because  that is so dark.
  But Dick Tracy, the bad guys get their comeuppance, everything's brightly colored and like I like  the music.
  Maybe it was the yellow trench coat probably helped too.
  Like oh, the good guys, you can see him.
  He won't be in a bicycle accident.
  That's for sure.
  I'll show you guys my favorite.
  It's this guy.
  I'll share my screen real quick.
  Little face.
  Yes.
  Little face rocks.
  He's so scary looking.
  I love little face.
  Little face looks so much like a thing from another thing your dad is in, Mother Goose  Rock and Rhyme.
  Oh, yes.
  Where he is, what's your dad in?  I don't remember.
  He's Peter Piper.
  Peter Piper.
  Oh yeah.
  He's got a big nose, right?  And I think it's Howie Mandel who is Humpty Dumpty and looks exactly like, wait, Little  Face was the name there.
  Big head, Little Face.
  Yeah.
  I forgot about Humpty Dumpty.
  Man, remember when ZZ Top just shows up for like one, they just wave and they go by.
  That was another one of those things.
  Because of that and Back to the Future 3, I just thought, well, ZZ Top is the biggest  band in the world.
  By how much they're in kid things.
  What else about this thing?  I mean, well, here, let's do something.
  I mean, that's sort of all that we know about it, unfortunately.
  I mean, I think the scale of it would have been incredible.
  So they're talking about 96, this opening.
  Indiana Jones Adventure opens in 95.
  I can't picture a world where both of these happen.
  They seem like they would have been the same scale.
  Like massive show buildings, really complicated ride vehicles.
  I think you're only getting one.
  And it makes me think, is there an alternate universe where this ride opens, it keeps the  interest in Dick Tracy alive such that Warren doesn't have to do the special.
  There's like demand from children that he do another one around 1998 instead of  Bulworth.
  And we live in a more Dick Tracy centric world.
  Is there a mutt?  Is there a Dick Tracy mutt?  Like Dick Tracy and the crystal skull?  It's like a heavily CGI Dick Tracy suddenly.
  And yeah, there's like a sass.
  Junior's like a teen and he's like.
  He's on the moon.
  Beatty Tracy on the moon.
  That's the puzzle piece that has it.
  Like what does Warren Beatty think of the Dick Tracy moon years?  Yeah, I think the problem, I mean, I think this is all good.
  And I think that would be for sure should have had a crystal skull.
  I feel like Warren in the first Dick Tracy has the energy of Harrison in crystal skull.
  He's starting with that.
  So yeah, where would it be now by the fourth or fifth one?  The CGI would be to like put a false face over his face that is acting and doing the  lines.
  Can I real quick go back to the movie?  I forgot to bring this up and I, you probably know what I'm talking about.
  There's a scene in the movie with a stunt.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  Not a fan.
  The light pole?  Yes.
  So here, here you go.
  This is the scene I'm referring to and Dick Tracy is going to jump from like a ledge of  a building and hit like a grab a pole.
  And it's pretty clear that the stunt goes wrong and he hits his face.
  I'll show you again.
  Oh yeah.
  Wow.
  And according to like IMDB, that is Warren Beatty doing that.
  I don't know if that's true.
  I don't know if he's being funny.
  I'll show this one more time.
  It's such a jarring thing.
  Let's do a gif of this.
  He jumps, he drops a grab a light pole and his head snaps back in such a way that you  can tell it went wrong.
  He looks injured.
  You kind of expect the guys in the car to be like, he hit his nose.
  Yeah.
  Oh no.
  Oh like, yeah, he broke, he broke his orbital bone or something.
  His perfect chin.
  Well now that, and that would go in Crime Stoppers.
  That would be the equivalent of like Dick Tracy holding the gates of like hell open  in Mara's temple would be Dick Tracy making the jump and going like, ah, my head.
  With audio animatronics, you could perfect that angle.
  The head just whipping him possibly back over and over again.
  Yeah.
  But you imagine like Harrison Ford in Indiana Jones.
  He's doing all his stunts in those first three movies and he's what is in his forties?  He's not super young, but you can, you can, it's believable that this man is like beating  people up to some degree.
  And then Warren Beatty just does like, and you can see jumps too.
  That's why I do think it's Warren is like, it's a very like scared jump.
  Yeah, it doesn't feel like a stunt man.
  That definitely occurred to me watching it.
  Like what's up with this guy?  It's like a 50 year old man going, ah, fuck, I agreed to do this.
  Okay.
  All right, here we go.
  And then just fucking his chin right up.
  He should have had prosthetics.
  I also read in the movie, they tried putting prosthetics on him to look like the cartoon.
  And then Warren said, no way.
  That would have been grotesque.
  Just like an extra Warren Beatty face, like more face on face.
  Yes.
  There's a funny thing in this movie where the, if you're good, you don't have prosthetics  and if you're bad, you do.
  And maybe it answers the question of Madonna, Breathless Mahoney, who's like kind of towing  the line throughout the movie, but you know, I think maybe good at heart in some way.
  And your tell for that is that she doesn't have prosthetics.
  But I'm wondering about the other version where she got a big bizarre Betty Boop face.
  You hire Madonna and then force her to like, to like puff up for three hours every morning.
  It makes it easy to be a cop in Dick Tracy if you just have to be like, hmm, well, he's  good.
  He's bad.
  Like, I could trust, I was like, Mandy Patinkin doesn't have prosthetics.
  There's no reason for him to not have prosthetics.
  Does that mean all the dancing girls in the Moore scene are good?  They're all good.
  Once you turn to evil, your face puffs up like you got stung by a lot of bees.
  Does Dick Van Dyke have prosthetics though?  Or that's, that's a surprise that he turns out to be on the take.
  Oh, maybe.
  He's got a little something, I feel like.
  I guess a little something.
  But I mean, this does follow with, I hate to do a hacky reference to how all of everyone  in the outgoing Trump administration are like Dick Tracy villains.
  However, almost all of them do look like they have bizarre prosthetics.
  That's fair.
  Yeah.
  And I would consider many of them evil if you can believe it.
  Rudy Giuliani looks like a grotesque caricatures guy.
  That handsome man.
  Cigar mouth.
  Pilgrim shoes.
  I was thinking about like the most recent like, like guy, the lawyers that showed up  right when the election got called, like, have you guys been following Harlan Hill?  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Oh, he's like a, he's a kid face.
  He's kid face.
  He is kid face.
  And then there's like a cowboy, but they all are really like Dick, they're Dick Tracy guys.
  Like they just a bunch of like a bunch of fucking Dick Tracy guys showed up just at  the last second to be like, Hey, what about us?  The cowboy.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wait, I'm sorry, Jason.
  Oh, I was going to say the cowboy lawyer looks like the Kingsman alter egos.
  Like in the second Kingsman movie when like they go to America and all the like spies  are cowboys.
  Like Shannick Tato.
  I, I'm trying to think who else looks weird and do they have a Dick Tracy name?  Like like Steve Bannon?  Oh yeah.
  What's it?  What's his Dick Tracy?  Two shirts, two collars.
  He wears the two collared shirts on top of each other.
  Call up, call up pilgrim shoes, two collars.
  I want Biden dead.
  You hear me?  Dead.
  Roger Stone?  Don jr's like cry eyes.
  Hey, get bloodshot over here.
  Roger Stone is, yeah.
  What's he?  He's a Riddler.
  Nixon neck because he's got that Nixon tattoo on his back.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  He did have Dick Tracy style amending of his actual body.
  He wears clothes that are Dick.
  He like wears those clothes we saw in the picture from MGM studios.
  Like a big.
  Yeah.
  He bought them all from Orlando wholesale store.
  He bought them all from that kid that stole, that stole what's Patrick Spikes, the one  who stole the kid animatronic.
  What was the one that went missing?  Oh, Buzzy.
  Buzzy.
  Patrick Spikes who stole Buzzy sold all the Dick Tracy clothes to Roger Stone in Florida.
  He fits in Buzzy's clothes.
  How do you like my little aviator hat?  Yeah, I guess.
  Could we just keep maybe maybe Trump you just keep calling big boy.
  Oh yeah.
  I think that one works fine.
  Yeah.
  He doesn't have Pacino's energy, at least not anymore.
  No, not anymore.
  The rest works.
  What?  Oh wait, that's a question I had.
  We can start winding it down, but like again, all right, our favorite characters, Al Pacino,  where does Al Pacino factor into this ride?  What can we do with him that would satisfy one of our this Oscar caliber performance?  He's got to do like the intro video.
  He has to like at least if he's shouting introduction like or shouting instructions at the dancers,  he's got to do that to us before the ride at the very least.
  And if you stand up, if you put your arms and legs outside of the vehicle, I'm going  to take this gun and shove it down your throat.
  Do you think we could do like a really advanced though, like animatronic, like you get in  other rides like Hanauanaka in Star Wars.
  But oh man, that'd be so great.
  Like yeah, like going through the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster's line where the big buzz is  there.
  You get right up close to him and he's telling you what's going to happen.
  And he's really realistic, except that his eyes are like Cookie Monster.
  They're like ping pong balls with just little pupils that dart around.
  He just flaps at you.
  You hear me?  No flash photography.
  I think you have to have him like the xenomorph in the great movie ride.
  He's got to you got to see him from a couple angles from the side, from above.
  Like I'm getting at ya.
  I'm in the ceiling.
  I'm in the ceiling.
  We got the cement ready.
  Like he's working the cement chute.
  Oh man, it'd be fun if you were like headed towards the crate of cement and then like  veers the last second.
  But it's like the crate and it's like the cement's coming down and you're like, turn,  turn, turn.
  Oh man.
  The bath.
  Cool.
  That's good.
  That's just really good.
  The cement as a kid, I was scared of like cement and the dip.
  Right.
 That's what it's called in Roger Rabbit.
  Oh, yeah.
  Very similar.
  It's called the bath and the dip.
  Not the bath, big boy.
  Not the bath.
  Oh man.
  I will say I was excited to learn that when Madonna is doing the blank, right, the faceless  character, she is doing, I am apparently doing an impression of the blank when I do the stitch  voice.
  It does sound like that.
  Was it Madonna's actual voice?  I don't, I was trying to figure it out.
  You want to stay alive, you do what big boy says.
  Yeah.
  It does sound like she's doing an 80 year old Ziegfeld folly girl.
  It's before she got more handy with accents, like when she became British for 20 years.
  Yeah.
  Oh man.
  If you were around at a corner and just giant little face was there.
  Oh man.
  I mean, I'm afraid of big things in small rooms, but I think it'd be worth it to have,  I mean, I'm just picturing like, this is very Rise of the Resistance.
  I think this thing would have been like Rise of the Resistance.
  I don't know, if that ever gets tired for any reason in 30 years, maybe it's, maybe  you finally do Crime Stoppers.
  Just put big boy where Kylo is, splash it all with like red and yellow and blue and  you got your Dick Tracy ride.
  And Crime Stoppers is the name of the crime tips on every Sunday comic.
  I just connected that.
  What?  Oh wow.
  Wow.
  And the McDonald's game.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  I wish this was there now.
  I'm sort of, at least with our, wait, how does Dick factor in?  Well, all right.
  So he slams, then is he, is there some equivalent to hanging on the rope at the end like Indy?  How do you leave Dick Tracy in the ride?  Well, he's got, I mean, he's got a, as you were saying, the telephone pole maybe is the  moment at the end.
  Or the light post I say.
  He sacrifices himself.
  Yeah.
  Hey, you go on, you go on ahead.
  I got this.
  And then he does it.
  He does the jump.
  Which they can use, they can use like the new Spider-Man technology, that flipping robot.
  Oh yeah.
  So we could jump from the ledge to the light, to the street light.
  What if, what if that's him jumping off of a, of a car.
  Like he's trapped on top of a car where he was trying to get bad guys.
  And then he, but he jumps off in time, hits his head on a pole, gets a concussion to save  you and then you just hear an explosion or kind of like see a little of it as you narrowly  escape the room.
  Then you round the corner and he's there in the rubble like Indy.
  But he says, I blew up the wrong car.
  It was actually Moon Maid.
  My daughter-in-law is dead.
  Finally.
  Never respected magnets.
  Well, but then if there's a delay at the loading and the car stops in front of it, he just  starts, you know, you know, putting on the charms for any women in the car.
  The animatronics weren't baited.
  It's just like, so how long have you been in the academy?  What brought you here?  Is that why the ride didn't ever get made?  Is it because they used magnet technology or they relied on magnets?  No rockets?  The state will not approve.
  They had to pitch it to his widow and it's actually going to do with magnets.
  Does she just gets up and leaves?  Spits in the imagineers faces.
  Cause of divorce.
  Magnets.
  Wow.
  Chester Goldman would have been a fan of that ICP song.
  I know.
  I'm tempted at this point to say, Eva Anderson, you survived podcast the ride.
  However, is there a miniature version of this that we could do?  Because there was another thing that we wanted to bring to the table.
  If you can imagine adding any more to this jam packed episode, do we want to do a truncated  version of what we've been texting about for a little while?  I could talk about it very quickly.
  After you guys did the Popeye Malta Village episode, I got very interested in Robert Evans  as well.
  And then about a month ago they announced, I'm a very big fan of like celebrity auctions.
  Which has come up before.
  Jason, who did you go to the auction of?  Oh, yes.
  Well, Anthony at GGO thankfully told me about there was an estate sale at an old church  in Silver Lake.
  It was half an antique store that had gone under and half the Joseph Cotton estate sale.
  And I bought a tiny little glass bucket that turned out to be an ashtray.
  Eagle-eyed listeners noticed there was a lip for like a cigarette to rest on.
  And I keep pens in it on my desk now.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  I went to a Walter Becker auction last year.
  What?  That was pretty cool.
  The estate of Walter Becker.
  Holy shit!  I'm paying attention.
  What kind of shit did he have?  It was like all of his guitar pedals and stuff.
  Steely Dan for the listener in case you're ignorant.
  And Joshua Gabor, I bought her dad's cigarette case that has baby photos of the three sisters  on it.
  It's a very cursive item.
  But anyway, the best thing about a celebrity auction is that there's a museum kind of,  they show all the stuff before the auction happens in a sort of free museum that you  can go to and check out.
  So Robert Evans' estate went on auction.
  For one week there was like a free museum at Julian's in Beverly Hills.
  And I went there twice to look at everything.
  And it just was crazy stuff like helmet Newton photos of Robert Evans around like naked women,  like a lot of weird leather couches.
  There was like a lot of very strange.
  One thing that was really funny was like a series of really rude telegrams between him  and Coppola while they made Godfather where they're like calling each other psychopaths.
  Those were framed.
  A lot of like dressing gowns that were very, and like pajamas and stuff.
  Oh man.
  Wasn't there a, there was a letter about the potential Michael Jackson biopic?  A contract, Scott.
  Whoa!  It was a contract signed saying that Michael Jackson would make a like a bio pic about  his life with Robert Evans.
  But only up until 1984.
  You have to cut it off.
  We all went through the auction.
  What happened after that?  Nothing, nothing.
  It's all been great.
  Don't worry about it.
  So anyway, long story short, I did make a bid and I do have to present to you guys.
  Oh boy.
  I don't know.
  We don't know what this is.
  I didn't tell you what I got?  Or maybe you did.
  Maybe I got confused what you bid on versus what you actually got.
  Wow.
  A photo of Robert Evans, Francis Ford Coppola, and P.
 Diddy.
  I didn't know this.
  I don't think I saw it.
  I own this now.
  Whoa.
  It's kind of a, like a fake like stone frame.
  Yeah.
  It's very Santa Fe.
  Yeah.
  It's nice.
  So I own that.
  I had earmarked this as one of the best ones.
  I have it on my phone here as a picture.
  There was also a photo of Robert talking to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Michael Jackson  in a similar frame.
  It is very strange looking.
  And then of course the picture of Robert and Sumner Redstone.
  Oh yeah, Robert Evans kissing Sumner Redstone.
  Yes.
  And of course we think the rumor is that the transcript of Sumner Redstone arranging a  threesome a couple years ago was for him and Robert Evans.
  Geez.
  Is that photo of that kiss?  Well, I guess Evans has been gone for a while.
  I was just going to say is that how COVID started in America?  Wow.
  Congratulations, Eva.
  Thank you.
  That's quite a purchase.
  Is there something you were trying to bid on that eluded you that you wanted?  The little weird Popeye that was like an award he got for making Popeye that was like a pipe  in glass and it had little leaves coming out of it.
  You guys all liked that too.
  That went for like so much money.
  Like there are some things where I'd be like, oh, this is fun.
  And then it would go for like a beyond ironic amount of stupid.
  And you'd be like, oh God, no, what are you doing?  Whoever's doing this?  Nobody really wants this, right?  And then it would go for like thousands, thousands, thousands of dollars.
  Yeah.
  I got outbid.
  I bid on several lots of photos, like like a hundred plus photos in a lot of like there  would be a picture of like Robert Evans sitting looking like he's a corpse and then Scarlett  Johansson like forced into frame with him looking like she was being held hostage.
  And there were just like so like they couldn't even show you all the photos that were in  the lot.
  But that like those they went for over a thousand dollars.
  Too much out of joke territory, unfortunately.
  Maybe a good way to tie it all together is for you guys to look eyes on this this photograph  with many of the parties involved in today's episode.
  Why there's Warren Beatty, Robert Evans in a Mets hat and a weird turtleneck and the  King of Pop Michael Jackson looking furious and a woman I don't recognize.
  I just I was like, there's got to be a photo of the two of them and then Michael was in  it as well.
  What a treat.
  I believe late Michael Jackson.
  Oh, and look clearly based on the clothes, the same must be from the same event.
  Look who's sneaking in there.
  It's all Brett Ratner.
  Like, oh, she's the guy who most wanted to be like these 70s disease rats.
  Wait, who's the guy below that in the white shirt?  He looks very.
  Oh, yeah.
  Who is that?  He looks like a pizza shop owner.
  That bald mustachioed man.
  I'm not sure offhand.
  Wow.
  Mark, I guess if anyone, maybe we should post this and say, if you can tell us which attendee  of Bryan Singer's Encino pool parties, there is not a good man.
  And now I'm there is for sure a paddy wagon parked around the corner just just waiting  for the word go.
  Like they need they need to have their eyes on it and tease gross.
  Dick Tracy did not make an arrest that day.
  I'm remembering an anecdote from the Robert Evans book where he was like, like, what about  being my old lady broke up with Ellie Wood girl and I broke up.
  He's like, I got two phone calls.
  Both wanted to know if they could take her out.
  One was from the Irishman Jack Nicholson.
  The other word baby.
  And he was like, and he's like, I told him both, like, screw off, buddy.
  Like, don't you think about it?  And he goes, it only would listen to me.
  And it was Jack.
  Listen to him.
  Jack did not go out with Ali Mcgraw after they broke up.
  Warren did.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  One of the best things in the auction was just Ali Mcgraw's Golden Globe.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  There's a child.
  Surely the child would like that item.
  Ali Mcgraw is alive.
  Yeah.
  Wait.
  Hold on a second.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  We need to make this maybe a recurring element of the show is celebrity auctions.
  I mean, it's not celebrity auctions, but like right now, and Chester Gold would hate this.
  There's a very interesting NASA, like there's hundreds of original NASA photos on auction  that I've been looking at auction ends in a few days.
  Wow.
  And then, yeah.
  Who's selling that?  The Kubrick estate?  No, it's a guy.
  It's a guy who collected them, but it's like, there's a lot of photos of like the point  of view of the first space chimp, like just what the space chimp was seeing.
  Yeah.
  Stuff like that.
  We were like, damn.
  That's a lot of real.
  Yeah.
  It's fun.
  All the space chimps' belongings.
  Let's close his awards.
  Space chimp.
  There's an Olivia Newton John auction coming up.
  Oh, wow.
  Really?  Yeah.
  I'll keep an eye on it.
  I'll send it to you guys.
  Oh, yeah.
  Please.
  You can cut this out because it won't be right.
  But tomorrow, right now and tomorrow, they're doing a state sale, Jason, at the house from  whatever happened to baby Jane.
  Oh, wow.
  In Hollywood.
  Whoa.
  And it looks really cool.
  And a lot of stuff, there's stuff like from the movie that's being sold in the house,  but you can get to go in that house if you like that movie.
  Wow.
  I do.
  That's cool.
  I wish that the Evans stuff was in his house at Woodland, Woodland, up in the Hollywood  Hills.
  Me too.
  But you also got to wish that at least an impersonator or if they could pull together  an old sound bite so that when you won, he would say, it's yours, baby.
  You got it, baby.
  Julia Deadbed's object.
  All right.
  And with that bonus epilogue, now Eva Anderson, you survived podcast, The Ride, for the sixth  time.
  Let's make it 10 and 20 as many times as you want, please.
  Please.
  I love you guys.
  This has been so fun.
  Oh, thanks.
  As long as stars are dying.
  Do the gift shop, anything you'd like to plug?  No.
  Cool.
  Well, that saves us time then.
  Wait, Michael, what were you saying?  Oh, I said as long as movie stars keep dying, Eva will still come back.
  Eva will be there.
  Yeah.
  I have a way to play.
  I want to play us out with a song that is used in the Dick Tracy special.
  OK.
  OK.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Oh, I think I remember what you're talking about.
  Not Hanky Panky.
  Not from that Trollope Madonna.
  Of course.
  It's by a band called The Chance and it is a song called Dick Tracy and it is, I like  it a lot.
  It's really good.
  It seems maybe not sincere in the way that they're using it.
  Like it seems like it's a.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I don't.
  It seems like a surf rock freak out song about how much they love Dick Tracy.
  There's a lot of this stuff that's floating around like this that you don't like.
  I was sent by Jeff Garland texted me a song about lurch that I didn't know existed.
  Oh, I love the lurch.
  It's his dance craze.
  Yeah, I never heard that before.
  We've not talked about the lurch before.
  I don't think we've talked about the lurch before.
  All right, everyone.
  Lurch.
  And then he dances and it's scared.
  That's that big things in small rooms thing I have.
  It happens to me when lurch dances.
  It scares me so much.
  Have you seen the video, Mike?  I have not seen the video.
  I just heard.
  He performed it on like Shindig or something.
  I did not know anything about this.
  But that's why.
  Yeah, my point is just I'm still discovering weird novelty songs based on characters from  this era.
  Well, we'll pull that up.
  And and then thank you to Danny Collins for bringing it into the this century.
  Everyone, everyone check out Hey Baby Doll.
  But for now, the chance will take us out with Dick Tracy.
  Thanks all you Crimestoppers for listening.
  It's Mike D.
