 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains insider lingo, a giant speakerphone, walking in pursuit  of cake and children burning rubber.
  Alison Rosen joins us to race around a track at a reasonable speed and talk utopia on today's  podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast about theme parks where we sometimes struggle to  breathe over the heavy gasoline emissions from the power of our recording equipment.
  I'm Scott Gardner, I fumbled there due to the emissions.
  Mike Carlson is here as well.
  Yes, I'm here.
  I'm also fumbling over the emissions that I'm smelling.
  I do.
  I will.
  I'm sure we'll get into it.
  I sometimes like the smell of gas, but just a little bit.
  That's all.
  That'll be a tease for the episode for my take.
  Anyway.
  I guess I know what you mean.
  A little bit.
  That's not so bizarre, Jason Sheridan.
  Opinions on the smell of gas.
  Beep, beep, zoom, zoom, Scott.
  I do like it.
  I know what Mike is saying.
  I do like it sometimes, but it might be time to go move on.
  I think gas more than exhaust is what I'm saying.
  Yes.
  Gas itself versus exhaust.
  And exhaust is what the utopia, of course, provides.
  Interesting.
  Okay.
  Well, we'll parse these differences as we get into it.
  Hey, it's the utopia today.
  It's a big one.
  And we got a great guest to talk about it with us from the podcast.
  Allison Rosen is your new best friend and childish.
  It's Allison Rosen.
  Hello.
  Hey.
  Hello.
  I don't care for the smell of gas at all, although I think farts are very funny.
  And my, I have two, two young sons and they, and my husband and I, we all think toots are  hilarious, but actual gasoline, no.
  The other definition of gas, certainly.
  That's got to help.
  As I was telling you before, I newly have a baby and you, you have to be comfortable  with the casual farting.
  I know just from that point, I imagine the farts don't go away as the years go by.
  Well, my kids are three and a half and one and a half, so we're still in prime fart territory.
  I don't know at what age, like at some point they're going to get some kind of embarrassment  about it, I'm sure.
  And I already feel sad about that.
  That's like a loss of innocence in a way.
  That's childhood disappearing.
  They're tooting their truth right now.
  Yeah, but you got to get them in those etiquette classes at some point, you know, like every  modern child in America, you got to have like, the fork goes on this side.
  Jason, you have to feel shame.
  Little Lord Fauntleroy's etiquette school as a child.
  Yeah, Little Lord Fauntleroy's Academy.
  I actually went to Cotillion and I'm a very non, I know that that suggests that I'm a  certain kind of horrible, irritating person.
  I'm really not at all.
  I just grew up in a place where everyone else was and I learned all sorts of dances that  they said were going to come in handy one day.
  You'll be so happy you learned like the box step and the foxtrot and I'm forgetting the  other ones.
  Never.
  People would say when and they would say at weddings.
  I know the Roger Rabbit and that is the only one that I will break out at a wedding and  even that I do sort of ironically even though I've had to admit that like there's no really  no such thing as ironic dancing because to someone else you're really just doing the  Roger Rabbit.
  Oh, yeah, they don't they don't have a chart in front of them telling them your level.
  They don't see the huge air quotes around it.
  Yes.
  I'm pretending to be a person who does this.
  You're just doing it.
  Huh, that's true.
  You do kind of lose irony just as it which is sort of a beautiful thing about especially  at a wedding where the like this the sincerity is off the charts generationally.
  Grandma's out there.
  Little kids are out there.
  But wait a minute.
  Yeah, you were projecting an adulthood during which a foxtrot would come in handy and let  people know that you are not some gutter trash that you are a acceptable high society person.
  That's right.
  I'm sidewalk trash.
  Sure.
  I'm not gutter trash.
  I guess.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, I feel like Cotillion when I did it was already a relic of a different time when  that stuff was theoretically important.
  But I think that the teachers and maybe some of the parents that enrolled their kids in  it were projecting a future.
  I don't know.
  I feel I grew up in Orange County, California, home of the theme park that we're going to  be talking about.
  Indeed.
  I think a lot there were there's areas of Orange County where they kind of just did  stuff because they've just always but that's just always how they do it.
  Right.
  It's a little like high society.
  Yeah, I had relatives in like Newport Beach, which is very like old money.
  Where though?  Where's a foxtrot happening?  Where where where what area of Orange County thinks foxtrots are going to be in vogue again?  It was Newport Beach.
  Oh, there you go.
  But it's really I don't think of it as old money.
  I think of it as new money.
  Well, I was just charting this like Trump rally because the Beach Boys were performing  at it.
  And I think it was like a young billion.
  He was like a mid-twenties guy who's involved in Oculus, I think it was at his house.
  So that which I did note like, yeah, that's not an 80 year old's house, despite having  a band of 80 year olds come to support an 80 year old candidate.
  But it was just I feel like it was only one of the Beach Boys.
  That's correct.
  And it wasn't Brian Wilson.
  Was it Mike Love?  It was Mike Love.
  We talked about this on our Patreon podcast that's coming out.
  This is the second time in several days that person which Beach Boy I mean, I'm happy with  Beach Boy references as often as possible.
  But yeah, he's been like taking around a bunch of randos and bowling shirts for 20 years  and calling them Beach Boys, even though I don't even know who they are.
  And I'm a big Beach Boys nerd.
  Are you?  Who's your favorite boy?  Carl Wilson is my favorite boy.
  He's kind of the heart of the band really like, you know, to help them go through the  tough times in the 70s.
  You know, it held the band together, I feel.
  Yeah.
  Well, there's a lot of Beach Boys talk on the theme park podcast.
  It does end up happening.
  Yes, that ends up happening.
  I feel I feel I learned how to square dance in elementary school with the promise of,  well, this is something you're going to be doing a lot.
  Yes, same.
  And I'm from the Midwest and that I'll be honest, I've never square danced since.
  Have you done a cake walk?  What a cake walk?  Like a bake sale?  What are you talking about?  Like at a like family fun fair.
  Yeah, but that's not like a dancing.
  That's just like stepping on.
  But it's a similar artifact of that time, I feel like.
  That's true.
 But isn't it?  Isn't there just steps?  Yeah, it's kind of like kind of like in my memory, sir, is it's kind of like hopscotch.
  And if you try to land on a spot where you end up winning a cake, is that about right,  Michael?  I think so.
 But why does that have to do with dancing?  I just remember the same elementary school gymnasium floor, like quickly pivoted from  like, oh, we were just doing square dancing here and now we're doing a cake walk at the  fun fair, you know, the fundraising fair for the school the next day.
  I feel like cakewalk, though, will come into play more in people's lives still to this  day probably than square dancing.
  That's my hypothesis.
  I think that's right.
  Was the cakewalk particularly easy?  Easy enough that it's a cakewalk?  Yeah, I don't think it takes a lot of skill.
  I think it takes a Candyland level of skill so that children can play it.
  Yeah, it's not a dance of any kind.
  I don't know.
  It's just like sort of a game where you can win a cake.
  Yeah, but I feel like you're moving at the same speed as square dance.
  Like what?  Child's moving at the same speed.
  That's yeah, child square dancing is going real slow.
  That is not a fast doing and flipping arms and stuff.
  Cakewalk is stepping on like things that say like I've won a cake.
  You were dealing with better elementary school square dancers than I was.
  I could be wrong.
  If cakewalk fans out there, if I'm diminishing what you do, I apologize.
  Yeah, if there's a podcast called like Cakewalk, the dance.
  Yeah.
  Or Cakewalk, the game.
  Get in touch.
  Yes, please let us know.
  Clarify any experts out there.
  Shame me.
  We'll have a cake.
  Cakewalk tip line.
  You can you can send in your your your steps, I guess.
  What you do, your protocols and we'll understand this and I will be shamed.
  Has there ever been an adult situation you've that sounds way more titillating  than I mean, I just like any sort of social situation you've been in  where you thought I wish I could do that dance, but I don't know the moves.
  Ooh, that's a good question.
  I feel like maybe I've tried to floss, but in a small group of people.
  I've tried to do the you know what I'm talking about, the floss.
  I can't do it.
 It's very hard.
  But I felt like it looks fun and it looks simple.
  And I've tried.
 I can throw up a dab.
  I can do that.
 That's pretty easy.
  But I have like felt like I've tried to floss in front of a group of people.
  And I just I cannot.
  I'm uncoordinated.
 I can't do it.
  I have seen rallies or like I've seen it in in like mentioned in comedy sketches.
  The cha cha slide.
  And I have I wouldn't even I don't even know where to start.
  I have no idea how everyone knows that I have not encountered it.
  Don't they explain it in the song, though?  I guess they kind of do.
  But people are like ahead of it, I feel, you know, they they like you.
  It's hard to still like it's like doing karaoke to a song  you're you're experiencing for the first time.
  Still better to have like one run through it under your belt.
  That's a little bit.
 Yeah.
  There was this there was people like celebrating in Philadelphia  and someone was in a gritty costume.
  And when it says slide your right, he immediately slid to the left  and do a bunch of people he could not see.
  That is I feel like a preview of my future.
  Alison, dancing you the you're lacking.
  Yeah.
 The only time I've been in a situation where I thought  I wish I could do that dance that everyone was doing was in actually a dance class.
  I took a class.
  It was a little bit beyond my skills,  which was just meant it was still beginner, but just a hard beginner.
  And everyone knew the dance and I just tried to keep up and I couldn't.
  That's really the only but my cha cha.
  I did not fall back on that or my box step or my waltz.
  My god damn, I'm forgetting some of the main ones that we learned in Ketulia.
  And I cannot remember for the life of me.
  But no, I've never needed them.
  Yeah.
 The the the beggar kicker, like a dance where that you where you could also use  to like kick a guy on the ground to kick a hobo.
  The beggar kicker, the the finding deductions, the  I have the tax loophole.
  You can't step on my yacht.
  Those are these are Ketulia steps.
  Not in my backyard.
  Now, those come in handy.
  You do use those on the regular.
  But some of these other ones.
  OK, wait.
 So Orange County raised.
  Yeah, that's right.
  And that's a theme park Mecca, not just Disneyland, but not very far.
  Some of the things that we love and are missing right now.
  So were you were you a Disneyland regular or at least did you enjoy going?  Was it a part of your childhood?  Yes.
 Although I was listening to your episode with Matt Appadaca,  and he was saying that his mom would drop him off like would  they would sometimes just be dropped off there to spend the day there.
  Yeah.
 And that was not my childhood at all.
  I wish it were.
 As an adult, I look back and I think we were only like  35 minutes away.
 Why didn't we go more often?  But we would go on special occasions and maybe  maybe once every other year or so.
  Just sort of for just because just to go.
  But oftentimes we go like for birthdays or pretty much birthdays.
  So, yeah, it was always like I loved it.
  It was a huge special thing to be able to go.
  But I always and I'm wondering if you've encountered this,  if anyone else has ever mentioned this feeling.
  And this started when I was very young.
  In the car on the way home from Disneyland,  I would feel like sad and kind of scared.
  And then I would have trouble sleeping that night.
  And it's like I was overstimulated.
  It's like I had it was like Disneyland was just pure,  amazing fun.
 And then like it's almost like when you hear people talk about  coming off of Molly, which, by the way, I've never done so.
 I don't know.
  But it's like I had experienced ecstasy and then I was returning to real life  and it was too hard for me.
  I completely know what what you mean.
  I mean, I felt it big time from my childhood Disney World trip.
  I've talked about that before, just like the utter immense sadness,  because that's such a giant experience.
  But even just the Disneyland day trip.
 Yes.
  I remember like specific sad songs that I listened to on the way home  and just like, well, guess that was it for the year.
  I guess just a year of bland misery is ahead of me now.
  Like I do.
 Some of the saddest I've been.
 Yes, absolutely.
  Yeah.
 And I think it was knowing  that it's going to be a while till we come back.
  And this thing that I was so looking forward to is now behind us.
  And I sort of remember like moving in the same way that you like enter the park  and the excitement, you know, the excitement swells, just kind of like  having that in reverse, like going through Main Street and through the crowds.
  And then we'd usually like hit the one of the shops on Main Street  and like get candy or something and then taking that and going to the car  and then slowly being among fewer and fewer people till it's like  just my sister and me and my mom or my mom and my dad.
  He usually didn't come with us.
  So just just three of us in the car going home.
  And it was like so everything felt very barren and late and sleepy.
  Yeah, I I had only I probably went, I think, four times  by the time I was 18 to Disney World.
  And that was it.
 Just we had four family trips because I'm from Illinois.
  And yeah, I think I would like count down how many days we have left.
  This is probably I still am like this where it's just like I'm thinking of like the bad.
  I'm just thinking of the glass half empty.
  And I'm just like, oh, this is going to be  there's only one day left of happiness and then it'll be years.
  And I think probably this was so psychologically damaging to me.
  It's the reason I've been to Disneyland at this point, like 200 times in 10 years,  because I got an annual pass and I was just like, I can go down for two hours.
  Huh? OK.
  Like I'm trying to correct a mistake that I felt like was in my brain.
  It was a child.
 Like I'm trying to fix it and it just won't fix.
  But I think that is a thing when you become an adult  and you're in charge of how you spend your time and you have your own method  of getting there that you're like, oh, I don't I'm not depending on,  you know, the the whims of adults to get here.
  I can do it myself.
 So then you go nuts.
 Yes.
  And I've yeah.
 And that's yeah.
  That's how I've chosen to go on a go nuts  is to go on Big Thunder Mountain and then go home.
  When I when I had a nine to five job, I would go on Sundays a lot.
  And the end of the day Sunday, whether the it was like,  you know, the park was closing or whether I was just about to leave.
  Like the drive back to L.
A.
  just felt like the bleakest thing in the world, because like, oh my God,  I have to go to my shitty nine to five job tomorrow.
  I was just at Disneyland.
 What the hell?  I think it is that it's just like a case.
  It's a compounded case of the Sundays.
 Yes.
  Yeah, it's like it's like that phenomenon they talk about when people would see  Avatar and they get depressed after because they wanted to live in Pandora.
  This is real, isn't it? A joke.
  I don't know how I've ever I've forgot about it.
  The other these articles about people that would feel this deep sadness  post seeing Avatar because they wanted to go back to Pandora.
  And that Disneyland is Pandora.
  Mm hmm.
 Mm hmm.
  Unplugging and not getting to see Jake Sully again.
  Right.
 All your friends, Jake Sully and the other ones.
  That's right.
 I also liked Knott's Berry Farm,  although I think Disneyland was always a bit more special.
  But have you guys talked about the corkscrew on this show? No.
  Do you do you know what that is? Do you remember it? Not really.
  I don't think so.
 It was a roller coaster.
 It was a  when I when I realized you guys talk about not the brain from, I was like,  oh, maybe I should have I should have suggested that as a topic.
 So someday.
  But it's a roller coaster.
  It's a roller coaster that used to be at Knott's Berry Farm.
  And it went upside down, but it would twist like a corkscrew.
  I'm looking at instead of doing like a loop to loop.
  It would kind of flip over.
  And I think that was the first I was afraid to go on Montezuma's Revenge.
  But that was the first roller coaster I went on where I went upside down.
  And then I felt so proud of myself that I like kept going on that one.
  I don't know how long I don't know when they stopped having it.
  But it was pretty fun.
 1989.
 It looks like it closed.
  It's weird because I'm 23, so I don't know how I ever went.
  Did you fit it in? I interesting.
  Yeah, this looks intense.
 So this was like a  you felt like you had like  scaled a level of fear, overcoming fear and going on it over and over.
  Like you're like you can't believe you're maintaining this level of bravery.
  Exactly.
 That was how I felt because I was young when I went on it.
  I also remember skipping parks, being very  afraid of Space Mountain.
  A babysitter had taken us to Disneyland.
  And I said I was going to go on Space Mountain.
  And then as we got closer to the entrance, I got really scared and I started crying.
  By the way, I feel like a lot of stuff from my childhood was like that,  where I said I could do it.
  And then as it got there, I was like, no, I can't do it.
  And for example, I said that I would take my sister to get her ears pierced.
  And then once we got there, I was like, I can't I can't watch them pierce her flesh.
  Wait, not even your ears.
 You were just like hanging out.
  Not even my ears.
 No, I I already had pierced ears at this point.
  And my sister was four years young.
  I had to wait till I was 12 or 13 to get my ears pierced.
  My sister was four years younger.
  She got to get them pierced earlier, but still not at the same time as I did.
  And I said it's like to help her convince our parents.
  I said I would accompany her.
  But then when we got there, I couldn't do it.
  So it wasn't my ears.
 But she got her ears pierced.
  It was fine.
 Anyway, so Space Mountain, I started crying.
  And I think I think I decided I didn't want to go on it.
  So then the babysitter went with I don't know who.
  And then like an hour later, I did go, though.
  And then again, I felt super proud of myself.
  Sure.
 Yeah, it's a great way to like as a kid, like give yourself  these little benchmarks and then see if you can hit them.
  But boy, the humiliation, if you you don't.
  And like, what do you do instead?  Like, well, your friends go on the scary ride and then you just like stand around  or look at shirts or and then like people have to come out and say, like,  it's OK, we totally understand.
  It's not it's perfectly norm.
  But you know, they're putting on a big show and they don't really think that.
  And then there's also I just say the scenario where like your friends make fun of you.
  Yes.
 Space Mountain is complicated, though, because like  there's two things at play one.
  I feel like most kids build up coasters like that  either go upside down or in the dark.
  Like those are two very common.
  Like, I don't know why all kids like, you know, or at least nervous kids.
  Like I was thought like if you go upside down, if you go in the dark,  there's a chance that death is waiting for you there.
  The other thing is like Space Mountain is like shorthand for like  big scary roller coaster in popular culture.
  Like, you know, even just like on the news, if like a pundit or something  is looking for something, they'll just toss out space.
  So like Space Mountain is just in the lexicon as like,  you know, a big roller coaster, you know, so it just builds it up even more.
  The 2020 election was a real Space Mountain  as yes.
 Yes.
  Florida Space Mountain.
  It's unpleasant.
 It's bumpy.
  It hurts your back.
  We're still in the dark about exactly how it played out.
  In reality.
 Yeah.
  I said e-ticket ride to someone kind of recently,  and they did not know at all what I was talking about.
  And I think it was Greg Fitzsimmons, my childish co-host.
  So he's definitely old enough to know that reference.
  Yeah.
 But maybe it's because he I don't he wasn't living in California  when it was like that.
 You guys know the reference, right?  Oh, yeah, we do.
 This has come up before, though.
  This is where I start to because we super nerd out on this thing  and just start talking at like level 10 out of 10 of theme park nerd.
  And then we'll look at our social media and somebody will say like,  hey, so I don't know what e-ticket means.
  And these guys just say it like we know.
  And I don't is an e-ticket like an online ticket, like when I buy on a computer.
  And there's nothing wrong with that question.
  They're correct to need that clarity.
  And what is e-tickets are you would because you would buy rides.
  By a ticket.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  When you go to Disneyland, you'd buy a ticket book.
  And it had like different a different amount of each kind of ticket.
  And I think they offered like if you depending on what you felt like,  maybe you wanted to do the easier, like, you know, younger rides  or maybe you wanted to do a lot of the bigger attractions.
  And the e-ticket rides were the roller coasters and the ones that went fast.
  So to say something is a real e-ticket ride is like it's a real fly by the sea  to your pants kind of.
  It's a real space experience.
 Yeah.
  And then your A is you go all the way down and your A is like  a horse carries you 20 feet down the street.
  That's that's one of the eight tickets.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's I feel like that maybe term is even like  maybe people know it and kind of know what it means,  but don't know it's even from Disney.
  Like it's been around.
  I feel like I have seen it in completely out of context for theme parks, too.
  Well, that was my that was why I was surprised that who again,  I don't mean to besmirch the good name of Grapefruit Simmons if it wasn't him.
  That's why I was surprised that this person didn't know,  because I thought that, yeah, like like you're saying, it exists outside of Disney.
  It's just a phrase now.
 Right.
  Yeah, I was wrong.
 So, yeah, I guess I don't know.
  I would be interested in a polling if the pollsters can all switch over  to maybe pulling this thing now.
  I am interested to know, like, how did that term move over?  Because they haven't had the ticket books at Disney for a long time now.
  So it's interesting that has seemed like I see it pop up here and there,  that it just like that it got so popular at the time that it's just lasted.
  Do we need to do a glossary episode?  This is the question for the audience.
  Do we need to run through terms?  Just do it.
  And that could be like you're you start with that one.
  If you're like, how do we like  how do you get led into the podcast or add water with the glossary?  Don't tempt me.
 Do not tempt me, Scott.
  What other terms have come up that you need to gloss?  Well, I mean, we like we talk ride vehicles.
  The word Omnimover comes up, which is what Haunted Mansion  ride vehicle is and other things I'm trying to think of.
  Do you know that term? Have you ever heard Omnimover before, Alison?  I have not now.
  Yeah, that's like if it's like Haunted Mansion where there's like it never  it never stops.
  It's not like the utopia where you drive up to a point and then you keep going.
  It's like one of the tracks that just is always going in an endless loop.
  Which other rides at Disneyland use an Omnimover?  The Little Mermaid ride.
  Mm hmm.
 A lot that are aren't around anymore.
  Like the old adventures or journey into inner space.
  This came up too.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, that was that was one.
  I guess.
 Yeah, I feel like there used to be more.
  I think because Buzz Lightyear is kind is on a kind of an omnimover, right?  Because it's got.
 Yeah.
  That's on a sort of a conveyor like a escalator, not escalator,  like like at the airport.
  You know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
  Oh, yes.
 The moving sidewalk is maybe the tell.
 Yes.
  So that's Buzz Lightyear is like, I guess maybe technically we haven't done  the episode we don't know.
  We haven't looked into if they technically call it an omnimover.
  Yeah.
 I and every episode stuff is revealed.
  Like for today's episode, how at one point in time at Disneyland,  there were three autopias simultaneously.
  Which I never knew.
  Like I didn't I knew at some point there were smaller ones next to it  or around it, but I didn't know that there was a point in time  where you could go on three autopias in one day.
  And one of them had a name that is not really right.
  That is that is extra problematic.
 I took.
  I did a little bit of research because I was like,  I don't remember that much about Autopia, although I do have a story about Autopia,  but I don't.
  And then I then a lot of stuff came back to me.
  And all of a sudden it did come back to me that I remember there was like  there was more than one at one point.
 Yes.
  But there being three, that was, you know, way before any of our times.
  Yeah.
 Oh, problematic one was very, very long ago.
  Very shortly.
 Yes.
  I guess we'll get to that.
  Yes.
 You brought up you brought up the Autopia as a thing to talk about.
  Yeah.
 What's why the Autopia?  What's in any personal fondnesses for it or stories  or experiences? Yes.
  So we always just went to Disneyland as a day trip.
  And I know that Disney World is very different for people like that's a whole  you go, it's a whole vacation.
  But when I turned six or possibly seven, I can't remember,  we went and we spent the night in the Disneyland Hotel  either for one or two nights.
  And so we had like back to back days at Disneyland.
  And it was me and it was my family.
  So my parents, my sister and then my best friend, Brooke.
  And we were like inseparable.
  And Autopia was always one.
  I was always fascinated with driving.
  Like I got my driver's license on the day I turned 16.
  And so to be able to drive in a little car,  even though it's on a track, was very exciting to me.
  And I couldn't I always sat next to my mom.
  I think sometimes she would let me steer.
  But the idea of being able to operate my own car, I mean, I could just like  I couldn't even couldn't even wait to do it.
  So I was hoping I was tall enough.
  And there was you had to stand up to a thing to make sure you're tall enough to ride.
  And on that trip, I was just tall enough, like by a hair.
  And my friend Brooke was a few months younger than I was, but like a lot shorter.
  She was very short for for our age.
  And I was probably average height.
  So anyway, it's like a six to six year olds or two seven year olds.
  I've just passed the clearance to get in the car.
  I'm so I'm like shaking.
 I'm so excited.
  And I go to push and we're off and I go to push down the pedal.
  And I I realize, though, my toes reach the pedal.
  I cannot.
 Get it to go without.
  Like sliding my whole.
  But I basically start to panic because I realize I'm actually not tall enough  to operate the car.
  And in order to get it to go, I have to like slide my butt down  to the edge of the seat.
  But then when I push on the pedal, it pushes me back into the seat.
  So I've got to like brace my I'm like it bracing myself, trying to push the pedal,  panicking and to get down low enough where I can actually make the car go.
  Now I can't see anymore.
  I don't know why I didn't just say this isn't working, but like somehow  we had gotten the car to go enough that it was like I would have had to walk  along the track to get back.
  So anyway, my best friend, Brooke, super resourceful, a wonderful wing child  climbs down into the bottom of the car and just pushes the pedal.
  And then I just steered it.
  But it was still.
  I was still like sweating and panicking the entire time.
  It was still a total nightmare.
  So after that, I decided not to go on that again until I was definitely tall enough.
  Geez.
 So the fraction of an inch, but it only got you to where you were operating  that the way like the toys drive a car and Toy Story.
  Yes, it was.
  It's it's like silly and funny, but it was deadly serious to me at that age.
  And it was awful.
  Yeah, I think because it's to me, it was as if I had like stalled out on the freeway.
  The fact that it's a ride, the fact that there's actually I mean, when I think about it,  probably whoever the you know, the person who sits at the little control station  could probably have seen what was happening.
  But I felt like I was on the four or five and I couldn't get my car to go  and I was going to get hit by other cars.
  Yeah, I that way that you I'm sorry, sorry.
  Right.
 That's the way that you take off.
  Like where, you know, there's a big line of maybe 16 cars.
  And if you were anywhere towards the front, if you're in the first five  and then there's that go time, this one goes, this one goes, this one goes.
  And it's oh yeah, and it's you.
  And you feel like suddenly everybody's staring at you.
  Like you you have an if you have an inability to perform in any way.
  Or you haven't like exactly set up your body just how it needs to be.
  And you know, this is going to be a problem the entire time.
  This is going to set the tempo for your entire run through the thing,  which is a long ride.
  And you have to keep up the speed.
  Like this is a performance ride.
  Probably only the canoes is is the only other ride where like you have to work.
  So that stress, you sit down and like, oh my God, we're not.
  I am not capable of operating this.
  That must have been horrible.
  It was truly awful.
  It was really bad.
  That's like that's like if I think about it as a as a youth,  I would have been like, that's my biggest nightmare,  because every you feel like everyone's watching you.
  And then you also, of course, like as kids do, like you blame yourself.
  You're like probably like, ah, like I would just I would have melted down,  I'm sure at that point, I would have I don't know what I would have done.
  I would have it was like I hid.
  It was honestly like.
  An Abu Ghraib stress position, because it's like either I can see  or I can push the pedal, I can't do both at the same time.
  Yeah.
 No offense to people who've been through horrible things.
  The actual.
 Sure.
  The was your friend then in a point where are you having to avoid  kicking your friend or having or or having your foot right in your face?  I must have been like I don't quite remember the resolution.
  I just know that she was down there pushing on the pedal, too.
  But I don't remember then thinking like, oh, few.
  I felt like it bought us a few more seconds, you know,  even though somehow like I'm here now, it all worked out.
  But I don't remember what I did with my foot at that point.
  I just remember being like, I can't do it.
  Like there was a lot of like yelling and stuff.
  Again, I don't understand why.
  I feel like adults should have intervened.
  Yeah, there's so many cars, I would guess, that they're not doing a great job  of like making sure everyone is a bill, has the ability to do it.
  But also maybe there was a teen, an extra apathetic teen that day that.
  Probably.
 Yeah, it was.
  Paying attention of time.
  Probably once they started introducing like these other variants,  like there's a junior utopia, and it seems like the difference became.
  Well, yeah, little kids can drive it because we put like a big brick  on the pedal so that they can reach it.
  It seems like a really like inelegant.
  It's just like a attach.
  Let's put it.
 Let's install like a high heel basically on top of this pedal.
  And now then that you wouldn't have had that problem.
  Yeah, I don't know which one it was because this was when both of them.
  I think there were two of them at this point.
  So it could have actually been Junior Utopia.
  Well, I was a little bit too short.
  I think there was a time and you guys correct me if I'm wrong,  where there was just like they were the same.
  Like what I remember when I went when I first time I went,  which is probably an eighty seven, that it was just the Tomorrowland utopia  and the Fantasyland utopia and they were the same.
  I don't think one was a junior of the other.
  I don't think.
  What a weird thing, though, for there to be two versions of the same ride  just in different like with it that popular.
  I you know, I guess at the time, at the time the park open, the 50s,  like the highways of America were like the pride of the country.
  And I was associate like opening Disneyland with like, man,  there was a lot of trains everywhere.
  But then those reading about all these utopias, I'm like,  oh, I underestimated the sheer number of cars  between these and the Main Street, like kind of novelty cars  that were just in that park pumping out that beautiful gasoline smell everywhere.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  I think locomotion was a big deal to the for early Disneyland.
  And like moving people around and I guess Autopia.
  I always associate it with the Autobahn.
  It's a portmanteau of automobile and utopia.
  And it really was a celebration of the highway,  which is funny when you think about it, like imagine that being,  you know, a fun ride to sit on on a highway.
  And when I turned 16, I lost my interest in that ride 100 percent.
  OK, there was it held no excitement for me anymore  once I could drive an actual car.
  Yeah.
 Without a rail once you didn't have a rail on the railroads.
  You know, I remember doing that ride when I was, you know, young,  too young to drive, but old enough to operate that car and thinking  what this really needs is for there to be no rail.
  Like that would be super fun.
  And I think it started without the right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yes.
  It was it was and no bumpers either.
  Some mild, but I don't know that you'd call.
  They call them bumpers to me.
  They just look like strips of aluminum.
  But in the in the opening day, Disneyland special,  you can watch Sammy Davis Jr.
  bump Frank Sinatra and his son in an Autopia car, which is very funny.
  It seems like those early Autopia, like you could have  with a little like hitting it at the right angle,  you could have driven one off the track pretty easily.
  I think this happened all the time.
 Yeah.
  I think it was very common for cars to be able to go off roading  if you could get enough speed.
  One one problem I discovered in interviews with with with Bob Gerr,  who is a guy we talk about a lot.
  That's in the guy in the car.
  Like that's in the episode.
  Bob Gerr is a pretty frequent term.
  This guy comes up a lot because he's like, you know, you think about  these Disneyland attractions being like super high tech  and just the most like military grade operations.
  But it feels like an original Disneyland.
  They just had this guy, Bob Gerr, who's kind of like  if your handy uncle went and fixed all the rides himself.
  Like if a ride broke down, he just kind of like bang on it until it worked again.
  It was like very ungraceful.
  There's a lot of like imagineers who are like, you know,  and basically we wanted to capture what the story of Peter Pan was  and the actual experience.
  They're talking very like flowery terms and really trying to explain it.
  And Bob Gerr is like, yeah, they wanted me to make a car that turned around 360.
  So I was like, I don't know how to do it.
  And then he like went into the garage in here.
  I figured it out.
 OK.
  Like he has no it's very utilitarian.
  He was just like a guy around who could do stuff.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sounds amazing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He was only 23 back then and he's still alive now.
  So he was he actually went he I think of him as like this uncle figure.
  But really, at the time, he was almost a Valencia teen.
  He was almost an apathetic.
  Almost.
 Yeah.
  Have you tried to get in touch with him?  We haven't.
  But we have.
 I think he's pretty podcastable, though.
  I think it's I think it's possible.
  I feel like we have a degree.
  There's a degree or two of separation.
  Maybe we could.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Might not make that work.
  But we can ask about some of this stuff.
  Like one of the ones that I found was that, OK, so today  the cars have a top speed of about seven miles an hour.
  When when the ride started, the cars could go 11 miles an hour,  but only because they put on a part called the governor.
  There's a device that's the governor, strangely.
  And that stopped it from going its real high speed, which is 25 miles an hour.
  But Disneyland opens and they've never done this before.
  And it gets extremely hot very quick because it opened during the summer.
  So it gets into August and the cars start having problems  and the governors start breaking.
  And if the governor breaks, then suddenly a kid can go all out of nowhere  from 11 to 25 miles an hour, like getting a mushroom in Mario Kart.
  Suddenly.
 Oh, my God.
  So Bob Gurst says, yeah, if you were a lucky kid,  suddenly your speed could more than double out of nowhere.
  So kind of the wild.
 Yeah, amazing.
  I believe governors in various forms are common in transportation.
  My old Saturn, I think, had a governor built in for going down the hill.
  And no one told me that when we bought it.
  So when I first went down the hill at one section of the 101  and the car starts to slow down, I was like, Jesus Christ, what's happening?  And it was a feature, not a bug.
  So eventually I got used to it.
  But terrifying if you're not expecting it.
  And now governors are pretty much around just to put a limit  on the fun that we can have.
  Bastard, newsome.
  Now they just take away our freedom.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 That's right.
  They limit our breathing with their masks.
  They suffocate us is what these this governor class does.
  Mm hmm.
  There's a lot of we've just been mired in like  like most Disney fans understand, like, OK, we have to like figure out a way  to do this safely, and I hope that we can go back and forth  and get these parks open again.
  But there is a degree of this kind of thing.
  I read a big article that was comparing Governor Newsome to Frollo,  the bad bishop or whatever in hunchback of Notre Dame.
  He is a modern day Frollo who seeks to suffocate the citizenry.
  So the intersection of like Disney fans and  conservative, well, maybe it's not all conservative.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Whatever that is, free speechers, general crank.
  Yeah, it's also possible they're like one issue is opening Disney.
  And that's the only that's as political as they get.
  They have no nothing else that they believe they didn't vote.
  They didn't care about care about it all.
  It's just they literally want to just walk down Main Street.
  That's it.
  I would vote if it was Beast versus Gaston.
  There I have opinions, but otherwise.
  What is going on with when Disney is going to open?  And I had Carly Weisel, who you guys have on sometimes.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I had her on my podcast recently.
  And I feel like I should.
  I feel like she might have said and I should know, but I'm blanking.
  Do you know what the latest on when it might be?  Mike, do you have your charts?  Yeah, we need to get color codes out.
  With the way it is now, with the way the covid spread is now  and the way the charts are, it's not going to open ever until there's a vaccine.
  I mean, that seems to be unless something a miracle happens.
  And like like like California has this thing they have in place  is basically saying like the spread needs to be so low.
  Like there needs to be such a small amount of transmission going on  that then they would feel comfortable opening up again.
  I don't know.
  I guess the X factor is if Disney and this is what I said,  I think months ago is if Disney like turns Mickey and Friends  into a rapid testing site,  like you drive through and you get your 15 minute covid test  and you wait like on Chip and Dale platform and they go, all right,  your car can go your know this one, your son has covid.
  You have to like I don't know if there I saw an article talking about it.
  I don't know if it's just logistically impossible, which it might be.
  But I don't think Disney land is going to open before we have a vaccine.
  Right.
 But you know, Disney will keep firing employees, though,  to make the governor suffer.
  They will keep firing people, though, until that they give into what they want.
  So I don't know.
 We'll see.
  I don't.
 That's why there's that's why the stock went way up on the  the Pfizer announcement, because that's like, oh, maybe this is hope  potentially that the any that Disneyland will be open in any regard in 2021.
 Right.
  I wish we had less depressing news for you.
  You ask us a question and we're like, it's not so good.
  The vaccine.
 Well, vaccine is a pandemic right now.
  So it makes sense that it's not not wonderful news.
  Yeah.
 The vaccine news is good, though.
  As of today, as of when we're recording this, the vaccine news is good.
  And potentially, yeah, first half of next year.
  It's been very.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, we took my son, Elliot, for his third birthday.
  We took him to Disneyland.
  And it was so much fun.
  It was really nice to be able to go with a child.
  My husband and I, before we had kids, we actually had annual passes at one point.
  And we would go and we enjoyed it.
  But it just it wasn't the same for I don't know how it is for you guys.
  From for us, it just wasn't the same.
  And there were days where we would go and just kind of walk around  and it would be crowded.
  And then we'd be like, you know what?  I don't really feel like being here.
 Yeah, let's go.
  Let's get to eat and then let's go.
  Like we did.
 We didn't.
  We felt like we never quite took advantage of it in the way that that we should.
  But then to take Elliot there,  it was to see it through his eyes, it was just amazing.
  And he had the best time.
  And I mean, we really didn't do very much, but just even buying popcorn,  like the little the tiny little figurine in the popcorn.
  Cart like cart.
 Yeah.
  Just, you know, the cranks, the machine.
  Yeah, we've never really talked about those.
  Those are great.
 He to him, that was as exciting as anything else.
  So there's a lot of talk in our house about how, you know,  we'll get to go back when and he says when the virus like BIR,  BIR US, that's what he calls it, when the virus is over.
  So they're very looking forward to that.
  I want the virus to be over very much as well.
  That sounds great.
  We're like any you have no idea what's going to like spark his eye,  like what might grab.
  I imagine like a nap probably would at some point.
  They probably conk out pretty quick.
 But I think I wanted to grab a nap.
  Yeah, he liked that.
  He liked Mickey's house and Minnie's house.
  And there's like a little play area outside of like a little play yard,  which really is nothing is not more special than any little playground.
  But he likes playgrounds.
 So he liked that a lot.
  We did Pirates of the Caribbean.
  He liked that, but he got water in his eyes.
  So he didn't like that.
  It's not good water to get in any anywhere near your body, really.
  Yeah, you know, he did Dumbo and he liked being able to control the car.
  What else? Oh, Small World, of course.
  Yes, is that kind of the kid icebreaker?  I feel like I hear that a lot is the answer.
  There's maybe like good first babies first ride.
  Small World.
 Yeah, that was the very first one we did.
  So I think I mean, popcorn came first and then Small World.
  Yeah.
 So yeah, I think so is very well lit.
  The song is repetitive.
  You know, there's lots of bright colors.
  Doesn't go too fast.
  You know, if they like it, you can usually get right back in line pretty quickly.
  So it's I feel like it's got all the factors for like, yeah,  especially like a under five year old to enjoy.
  And there's also a stroller parking lot, basically pretty close to it,  where you can park your stroller and just leave it for a long time.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Which they've done a good job lately.
  I think of making those not like the most chaotic hell holes that have ever  like I feel like theme park stroller zones are often a lawless land.
  Like they are like you do people just like push theirs into a pile.
  They start stacking up triple decker.
  They get so nuts.
  What's funny is that's the kind of thing that somehow  I just was completely blind.
  I had a real blind spot.
  Like I just it's like it was a color my eyes couldn't see.
  I mean, I remember being in a stroller when I was a little kid  that you would rent.
 My mom would rent a stroller at Disneyland.
  It was like this little green stroller, I think that you could rent.
  So I sort of remember vaguely remember the stroller parking from that time.
  And then even though it existed, it didn't exist to me all  all the way up until this most recent time that we went.
  Right.
 Right.
  It's like unless you need it, you just don't even it doesn't even register.
  For me, it didn't at least.
  I agree with that.
 Yeah.
  Anyone ever think about  what if it was not that this was not a bizarre thing to do?  If you imagine like, what if I could be in a big stroller at Disneyland today?  If someone could push me around in an adult size stroller?  I guess, yeah, for sure.
  Thought about that.
 Yeah.
  How do you have to be dressed up like a big baby?  I don't know, Scott.
  The rules of your hypothetical.
  I am going to call that the point where it gets weird.
  When I was saying if it's not weird, I think the baby, the  the baby, the giant onesie is the point where it gets.
  I like I like if I can wear my polo shirt, but also just be in a giant stroller.
  I like that.
  I like the idea of the big bonnet and the diaper, but not the stroller.
  Oh, like you're just dressed like a big baby.
  And whenever you want, you could do that around your house right now.
  Hmm.
 That's a good.
 Hey, you know what?  Oh, Mike is leaving the zoom call.
  You are not free to do that at Disneyland.
  Let's be sure.
 Let's be clear on that.
  Like you're not necessarily.
  You cannot dress like Big Baby Huey at Disneyland.
  What would happen?  I don't know.
 I feel like the plain clothes cops.
  I feel like they flag people pretty early on like, hey, they're going to be a problem.
  Are there actual plain clothes cops at Disneyland?  There's plain clothes.
 Disney security.
  Like that there is do.
  There's a story a few years ago about people, especially after  weed legalization in California.
  You know, now I think at this point, they just go like, hey, man,  just take it back to your car and get in line.
  By the time it was very new or it was still medicinal or whatever.
  And some people got pulled out of line and there were plain clothes security guys.
  And they were wearing like the baggy  like Darth Vader with a Mickey ice cream bar shirt.
  Like they were dressed like dads, like to blend in with the crowd.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  And yeah, they would like I don't it's weird.
  I'm not sure how many of them are there are because sometimes you hear like, oh,  they're everywhere.
  They can, you know, spring into action at a moment's notice.
  And then there's been like, especially a couple of years ago, there was like a weird  like fight that happened at Disneyland in Toontown, right?  In Toontown.
 And it was like they were nowhere to be found.
  I didn't see anyone for minutes.
  So I'm not sure.
  I I think we've once or twice been like, I think that's one of them.
  Like, because they kind of stick out a little bit.
  It definitely feels like they're like doing dad cosplay.
  Like, yeah, something's a little off and like they're alone.
  Like they're alone.
 They're a dad, but they're alone.
  They say the way to pick out an undercover cop is look at the shoes.
  Like the shoes are always a dead giveaway.
  The shoes are always wrong.
  Like it's always wrong.
  It's either like like like Skechers dress shoes,  orthopedic dress shoes or like the shoes that like Rudy Giuliani was photographed  in a month ago and everyone's like, what are those?  Oh, like the pilgrim shoes.
  The pilgrim shoes are like, yeah, very odd shoes.
  Isn't that how you pick out an actual undercover cop, too?  That's what I mean.
 Yeah, that's how you pick out an actual undercover cop.
  So I'm assuming I'm assuming it translates to Disney undercover cops, too.
  So like unless they just issue them like fluorescent New Balance's like dads.
  You know, something that I remember, something that struck me,  I remember when Splash Mountain was introduced and I remember going on it.
  It was fine.
 It was fun.
  I didn't have strong feelings about it either way.
  And then my husband and I were at Disneyland  and we went on Splash Mountain and I got drenched, like soaked.
  Like I had to go buy new socks.
 Yeah.
  And change socks.
  And it was just it was miserable.
  And I want I kind of wanted to go home after that because I'm a ton of fun.
  But I would like did how did I avoid getting so wet before?  Did they change it?  Well, they can change the amount of splash at the end.
  And by what?  I it's a little unclear.
  It's a little unclear exactly like the numbers,  but I know they can change the sort of the splash at the end.
  But because now I'm taking it personally.
 Yes.
  But also there's a couple of different factors.
  Log placement is a big factor.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, I don't know where I don't know where I had been sitting before.
  Yeah, log placement can really make the difference between getting soaked.
  And then also, and I think we haven't gotten a good answer for this.
  There's like the second biggest drop on the ride is the one  where I think the most people get wet as well.
  So I think if you're in the front of the log at this point,  and I don't know if this has always been the case, people get their pants soaked.
  The first two people in the log on that first drop, not the big crazy one,  they get their pants like soaked on that.
  So I think there's now there's a variety of places where you can get wet.
  It depends on I think in like the summer, they might turn the water up  on the big splash when it's hotter out.
  And then it's all like log, because I've been in the back of the log  and escaped mostly unscathed.
  And then I've been in the front and got soaked on that first drop  and then got pretty wet on the final one.
  So I think it all depends.
  If there's a there's many factors is what I'm saying.
  I'm thinking back to like that photo that they take, you know,  and like, did we buy a key chain?  Because then if we did, I could look into the hole  and I could tell you exactly where I was sitting.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  Are you third? Are you fifth?  Like where what is the splash point?  But are you suspecting that this is a conspiracy  and that you were being targeted by some splash operator?  I mean, I wasn't.
  But now that Mike mentions that they can control it, I am as possible.
  And what is it like?  Do they hate my podcast?  Do they hate my my vibe?  Do they hate my hair?  I, you know, it's up to the operator.
  It's up to whoever the operator is at this point.
  You know, I maybe they make a call.
  It would be funny if there was like a malevolent,  like a evil villain in the control room.
  It's just like like Ursula.
  It was Ursula.
  She's just like dictating to like more splash for this car.
  I don't like this log full of people.
  It's like Ursula or it's like Ashton Kutcher.
 Yes.
  This is I get this on camera.
  I also remember when and again, this dates me  when the Matterhorn, I think I remember when the Matterhorn  introduced the abominable snowman.
  Yeah, that's about it.
  Yeti was not always in that ride, right?  Yeah, there was a point, I think, like like late 70s, I think,  is where he showed up.
  Oh, yeah.
 How do I remember that then?  They also changed the snowman at some point in time.
  They made a change a number of.
  Yeah, he's been they made it on the 60th anniversary,  like five or six years ago, they put like a very advanced one in there.
  Mm hmm.
 But I forget.
  Yeah, I forget if we talked, we did the matter, right?  We did one episode about that.
 Yeah, we did do it.
  Yeah, I forget.
 Amazing.
  I had one the other day.
 Yeah.
  There's probably theme park.
  Memories are very positive, like memories, good times with family and friends  and also a lot of Mandela effect.
  Yeah.
 Or Mandela.
 It's been a dollar.
  Is that right? OK, is that I said?  Yeah, it's a lot of that.
  I have convinced myself that right in my memory.
  There are total mirror opposites where it's like, oh, God,  all the action happens on the left in this ride.
  I have been picturing the right in the last 10 years.
  Yeah, it's also possible on that Matterhorn episode, we were like, well,  of course, the Yeti first appeared in 1981 and like we were so very  like authoritative, we have people like, oh, these guys really know  what they're talking about.
  And then it just went right out of our heads like two days later.
  Well, yeah, because the yeah, the two hours of work or whatever research,  you know, and then you do it and then you move on to the next episode.
  You got to make room for new fat to it.
 Right.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  And then also now I'm just using you guys as my personal Disney Google.
  Sure.
 Yes.
  There was a train ride where you saw dinosaurs ages ago, right?  There still is.
 That is the train.
 Yeah.
  You still see it.
 Yeah.
  I didn't know that.
  Maybe it was out of maybe it wasn't working.
  The last time I thought of trying to go on it or something.
  It's funny you say that because I think it was a couple of years  actually going to Disneyland before I figured it out,  because you have to go on the Tomorrowland to Main Street loop.
  Am I correct, Jason? Yeah, that's right.
  There's one loop of the train, Disneyland Railroad,  that takes you through Primeval World, which is this whole diorama.
  And it's it's like the Grand Canyon.
  And then it takes you back in time and you see like big robot dinosaurs.
  And it's been there forever.
  And I didn't know it was there for a couple of years.
  But you have to go on that one stretch from Tomorrowland to Main Street to see it.
  Yeah.
 If you got on at Main Street and got off in Frontierland,  you would not write or New Orleans Square.
  You would not see the dinosaurs.
  I don't even know where you line up to get.
  And this is not this is a completely different line than the monorail.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 But it's but it's all kind of a mess back by the by the Autopia as well.
  It's all sort of crammed around there.
  And you could like you could easily get in one line thinking you're  going on to the other side.
  I have a terrible sense of direction.
  So this is no wonder I can't find it.
  But when you're seeing the dinosaurs, are you inside?  Like, is it inside a tunnel kind of thing? Yes.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's all restored.
  Like it's all holdover stuff from the World's Fair, from the 64, 65 World's Fair.
  That they like throughout the years have like,  you know, kept it up and redone it and stuff.
  It was a ride where you took a Ford car and you drove it past dinosaurs.
  And then they made it a ride where you'd get on a train and take it past dinosaurs.
  Neither particularly makes sense.
  But they're all interesting rides, though.
  And it's look with the power of Ford and a good quality Detroit,  you know, made in Detroit and wonderful gasoline.
  You can ride the highways of America.
  You can drive by dinosaurs.
  You can do whatever your mind pleases.
  You can see where the gas came from.
  You can see awesome.
  The dancing robot.
  Another memory, I believe it was in Tomorrowland.
  There were these phone booths where it was speakerphone.
  But this is before again, I'm 23.
  So it's weird that I'm able to remember a time before speakerphone.
  But there was a keypad on the wall and you would just dial it.
  And then it was like speakerphone.
 It was so cool.
  Does anyone remember this?  Yes.
 We've never talked about this because I would go in there with my mom  and we would call my grandma and say, guess what?  We're in the giant phone.
  And I don't remember where it was or what it was or why.
  You would like you wouldn't go in there to make a call you needed to make.
  You would use it and call someone just because it was cool.
  They had they had it at Epcot.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You wouldn't do business there.
 No.
  What is it like the Hall of Inventions or something?  It Epcot, it was, I believe, after Spaceship Earth.
  It was like the exit area at Spaceship Earth.
  Yeah, I feel like it was around Space Mountain.
  No, maybe around.
  Hmm.
 I looked up Disneyland giant phone and I found nothing.
  That's too confusing of a Google.
  So maybe sad is that you're just going to get like a Mickey Mouse  with a speakerphone function phone.
  Exactly.
 It's products.
  This is this is very difficult.
  Wait, wait, AT&T giant speakerphone.
  This was at Epcot, Mike.
 You're correct.
  But they're all right.
  AT&T giant speakerphone episode coming soon.
  There also was one at Disneyland, I swear, because I've never been to Epcot.
  Hmm.
 I wonder.
  Yeah.
 No, no, no.
 You're correct.
  Because I did this cherished memory and it's not a button.
  Feeling like I was I had shrunk and was next to a regular size.
  And I was very small.
  Scott.
 Yes.
  I know.
 No, I don't believe so.
  Because I remember it from being a little before there was interventions.
  Someone settle the bet for us.
  When was there a big phone searching?  Disneyland.
  Now, see, I looked up AT&T giant speakerphone,  but then again, I just find an actual product.
  I just find like a bunch of wholesale phones for my office.
  And I don't have an office.
  The one on Epcot that you just found.
  And then can you put that name in and then search Disneyland?  AT&T giant speakerphone was the attraction at Epcot.
  And here you wait here.
  Now it's on my mouse mice chat.
  Someone is saying huge phone and Epcot.
  I don't think it was.
  Wait a minute.
  It looks like there was something called colossal communicator.
  Circle vision, speakerphone booths.
  I'm looking on mice chat.
  It used to be where the and someone is just asking people about it.
  It used to be where the Buzz Lightyear is now.
  The people move.
  Yeah, that feels right.
  Circle vision pre show room.
  Da da da.
  Yeah.
  Circle.
 Wait, what is Circle Vision, though?  Isn't that where America Sings was?  No, Circle Vision, we've also never talked about.
  It's where you would go see 360 movies that were shot on nine cameras  that all fanned out from the same point, and they would show you  shots of the Grand Canyon, stuff like that.
  Yeah, I didn't really.
  Yeah, it was never my favorite thing.
  Do you guys like movies?  Right.
 The one in Canada at Epcot is Circle Vision.
  Oh, they have a ton of France, Canada, China.
  I like the idea of it.
  Technology.
 I like the idea of it.
  But I've never been like super hyped on Circle Vision.
  Mm hmm.
 No, I think it was like a hot air balloon giant phone.
  That's what I associate it with.
  Yes, that's the kind of thing.
  Now, you of course see hot air balloons also in Soren,  but that's not what we're talking about.
  This was a weird, an old analog way to see big air.
  You could talk on a speakerphone after.
  And then talk on a giant phone, which but that's not AT&T  giant, but I know I was there.
  I I'm afraid if we keep helping you uncover buried memories,  eventually it will lead to darkness.
  We're just one tick away from something.
  Wait a minute.
 Grim.
  You heard bad news on the giant.
  I was in the ice cream parlor and I realized I was looking right at Zodiac.
  I was looking at the Zodiac killer himself.
  Well, that's if we keep digging, maybe we'll find some unsolved murders.
  We'll find that be cool.
 Yeah.
  I yeah, I called my grandma on the giant speakerphone  and some other voice picked up.
  And then my grandma got murdered.
  It was Richard Ramirez, the nice talker.
  It was a future phone exhibit.
  It had glass booths with speakerphones and seating for about six.
  Yeah, he was right.
  But did you like it or you just remember it?  Because I feel like that's where I am.
  I'm like, was that good or not? It was cool.
  I don't know.
 It wasn't nearly as exciting as, you know, all the other stuff.
  But sure.
  For me, a thrill was when I got to the age  where I could go with friends and parents as well.
  But it would be like, OK, you guys can go off on your own.
  Meet us back here at this time.
  Like not having to be tethered to and I don't mean  my parents didn't have actual tethers or anything,  but not and not having to be with my mom the whole time  to experience like a little bit of what felt like independence,  because then it felt like anything could happen.
  I mean, I remember for many years feeling like I'm probably going to like  meet my boyfriend.
  I didn't have a boyfriend, but I'm probably going to get one from going to Disneyland.
  I'm just looking cute.
  Sure.
 I didn't I didn't look cute, but I was, you know,  that's what I mean about like it felt like possibility, like any.
  I mean, I was like a chunky kid who made my own Michael Jackson pins  and put that like.
  There weren't a lot of young boys dig in my style,  but I still felt like anything could happen at one of these theme parks.
  If I was away from my parents.
  Yes, I remember the same phenomenon, and I do think maybe maybe in my head,  I was like the way you get a girlfriend is you lock eyes with someone  and then you're a girl, your boyfriend, girlfriend.
  Like it would just like happen like that, because it would also like take  any of the work out of like, hey, you have to meet somebody  and they have to like you and you have to not be a weird 13 year old.
  Like all that was gone.
  So you'd imagine this magic and it would, of course, be special  when you were away from your parents, because then then you could really be yourself.
  I guess I don't know what your head thought.
  For that hour and a half in a line, you'd meet somebody, fall in love  and then say, I have to go back and be with my parents.
  Yeah, but before I go, I have to tell you,  you know who rode this ride on opening day, Dan DeFour, Ozzie and Harriet's next door neighbor.
  Pretty cool, right?  That would have been your opening.
  Never forget that.
  Exactly what would make people fall in love.
  Don't confuse him with the man, William Frawley, who played  Fred Mertz on I Love Lucy.
  He is not Dan DeFour.
  I was glad we're all dating somebody currently.
  Yes.
  I had to think of Halps.
  This is where we were at.
  We've only gone deeper down.
  We've gone all the way.
  We went so far down this rabbit hole.
  At 13 when I thought maybe I could will a girlfriend into happening.
  I don't think I was going to tell her about William Frawley who played Fred Mertz on I Love Lucy.
  I do think I had some shame about it and now it's gone.
  Now, Lindsay, my girlfriend is just hears about William Frawley every day.
  Well, sure.
  And probably giving it, you know, factoids right back because that seems like in our lane as well.
  Not as much.
  You know.
  No, she doesn't want to.
  What are her thoughts on Autopia?  Lindsay?  Yeah.
  We never go on it.
  Okay.
  We never go.
  Let's talk about this.
  Allison, I think there's a pretty big  component, there's a pretty big opinion among theme park fans that  people have nice Autopia memories.
  This is cool.
  It's a nice place to experience that driving freedom.
  However, it is so much land.
  There's so much land there.
  We're all becoming greedy Daniel Plain views.
  Like, look how much land and we could get maybe like a big new roller coaster there.
  If we just got rid of that Autopia.
  Where do you where do you fall on this discussion?  Well, it does seem like a simpler ride from yesteryear.
  I can't.
  I don't even think now I sound like an like get off my lawn old man, but I can't imagine  young kids are that excited about driving even because it seems to me, especially with  like Lyft and Uber and things like that.
  Pre pandemic, it seems like I know a lot of people who have 16 year olds who don't  who opt not to get their license on their birthday.
  Like this thing where that was like the only way to have freedom is to get my license  when I turn 16 and then I can.
  You know, it's not like that anymore.
  So I just doubt that that ride would be nearly as popular now.
  That's fair.
  Yeah.
  I just laugh because it's like the world of tomorrow as in pitched by Disneyland at the  moment is just a giant gasoline spewing car ride next to a giant water eating like  submarine ride.
  And it just that is such a huge amount.
  You could build a whole other land at that area.
  It's funny, too, to look back like the year 2000 when Chevron started sponsoring Autopia  and they kind of at that point, like combined the areas of like the the Junior Fantasy Land  Autopia and Tomorrowland Autopia made one long one and their vision for the future was  just tiny gas guzzling cars.
  Like, well, stinky cars like, of course, Disney, some Disney obviously wants to project the  future, a futuristic futurism type of vibe of like, oh, this is gonna be wonderful in  the future.
  But as we, of course, learned in the Epcot ride, the universe of energy, sometimes their  thinking is not so forward.
  Sometimes they go, yes, isn't this wonderful?  The land of tomorrow, by the way, we need to get a bunch of money from this car company.
  The only way they'll do it is if it's a gas engine.
  Listen, good news, this gas company's got to pay to redo the whole ride.
  We just have to include their characters, the Chevron Cars, Dusty, Sparky and Susie.
  People like the Chevron Cars, right?  Everyone knows and loves the Chevron Cars.
  Remember from the commercials, the Chevron Cars, you could see all you could be in the  Chevron Cars.
  You could see all you could be in your friends.
  Yeah, that's one of the things I would put when we're talking about should it go, should  it go away forever is like they have cars with names and I didn't know until I was looking  today for information.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And Chevron said they were surprised by the popularity because for like years they then  sold the cars in the gas station.
  But since Honda took over the sponsorship, it's all awesome boat.
  Now, baby, awesome and bird.
  I don't know who they are awesome and bird.
  If you haven't done the ride with awesome and this would have been the last three years  you would have had to have gone to the utopia and see it's not at his new end anymore, is  it?  Oh, yeah.
  It is still there.
  Oh, very much still there.
  Yeah.
  For now, unless we get our wish to burn it to the ground.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A version.
  I didn't know this.
  How did I not?  Well, it's because I haven't been there except for that.
  I haven't really been there in the last.
  Wait, that's not where never scratch everything I said for the record.
  Nothing I'm saying is making sense.
  I was unaware that it's still there.
  I have not met awesome and bird.
  But next time I go, I will acquaint myself with them.
  Oh, awesome.
  Is the robot Honda built in the 90s that would like go around to schools and like  tech conferences and dance?  It's kind of like what do we know though?  What type of dance did did awesome learn in robot school?  Was it just slide?  Was it just slide?  A simple box step.
  He could probably pull off a rudimentary box that may be a grapevine.
  No, no need for a cake walk as robots cannot.
  Make them corrode.
  Jason's robot though can do a cake walk that he's been building for years.
  He brings me the cake.
  That's his secondary function.
  He wins the cake walk is this primary function.
  The secondary function is delivers the cake to me.
  So wait, is it is there because there used to always be a really long line for Autopia.
  Is there still a long line?  Is it still popular?  There seems to be a wait every time because once in a while we'll go like,  oh, you want to go on Autopia?  I guess I'm looking.
  It's like 30 minutes.
  No, not for this.
  Like it does seem there.
  It's it feels like it should be five minutes, but it does feel like it's always still a pretty big wait.
  Well, it's a seat belt.
  Still a leather strap.
  Line.
  It is a strap.
  Yeah, leather.
  It's it's like a vinyl cloth.
  It's like a big it's like it goes over at both people's laps.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's not like 10 little studs.
  There's so many studs.
  It's if that's the word.
  I am six, three.
  And it's it's the opposite problem that you were talking about.
  I barely fit in the car also.
  So as much as I don't have a problem, as much as it's fun once in a while, I go,  you know, we haven't been on topia in a year or two.
  And then you get in there and you go, why are we on Autopia?  So, yeah, but I think I do think, yeah, yeah, I do think kids.
  The idea of it is fun, but I do think it doesn't live up to  even the promise because because the technology of it is still basically the same as when  Autopia opened.
  And now the kids have been on Radiator Springs Racer and sure that's the Cars Land ride  at California Adventure and sure they're not controlling it, but the ride is 50 times better.
  So I can't I can imagine kids are like, yeah, this is kind of cool.
  I'm kind of driving it.
  But then they go and they go, but I can go see Mater and we go faster and we get to see cool stuff.
  So I bet I don't know, I bet kids don't love it like they used to for and we've talked about  that already today.
  But for a variety, like it feels the kids can feel it, whether they can articulate or not,  that it's not as sophisticated as most of the rides now they're going on.
  I would imagine.
  Yeah, nor is it as exciting as go-karts, which you can actually drive fast.
  And if you are seeking danger as a kid, then maybe you get that fix with a go-kart and certainly not  with a seven mile per hour governed vehicle.
  I got nailed.
  Like I pulled into like to, you know, exit the ride in a go-kart once and the kid behind me  did not break and just nailed the car.
  And it sucks.
  It sucks on Autopia and like it's not going very fast at all.
  The long line, by the way, comes from how much of a pain in the ass it is to get people in and out  of those cars in a quick fashion.
  Like that sucks.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, maybe a way to spice this thing up if they don't intend to get rid of it,  maybe they need to bring back an idea from the past.
  And one of my favorite things I discovered about this attraction that there was police  officers, that there were highway patrol officers in the original Autopia.
  There were 40 cars and two of them they painted black and white and they would deputize Autopia  employees to drive around and chase down kids who were making trouble and trying to hop over the  rails or trying to turn the car around entirely, which did happen one time.
  Some kid figured out the one way that you could turn the car around entirely before the rail.
  And then he started driving around and hit another car space first.
  Now that's fun.
  Now there's some stakes.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Maybe you got to make it dangerous again.
  Maybe we got to go back to the Wild West.
  Which that I think the police officer thing, I mean, that's so insane.
  I think it didn't happen very often.
  I think people were not necessarily fearing the fake highway patrolman.
  I think it was mainly that they would say to little kids, hey, you want to ride with me in  the police car and that would seem like a little special trip.
  But yeah, maybe we bring stakes back.
  We bring back highway patrol.
  We give you the ability to do a full turn and start coming heading into human traffic.
  They do Disneyland events, Disneyland after dark, two hours, three hours, you pay an upcharge fee.
  But yeah, maybe on one of these, it's retro night and they just take off the divider thing  in the middle for that, just that event.
  So you can drive it like kids drove it in the 1950s.
  That was one of my things that made me nervous about this ride and a kid.
  I thought I was going to get in trouble the more I hit the safety rail, the rail under the car.
  I was like, you're really not supposed to hit that.
  That's just in case of a birth.
  I don't know why I got this in my head.
  One of my parents probably without thinking was like, hey, don't do that.
  Just keep it straight.
 Keep it straight.
  It's like you were doing like operation rules, the video, the game operation,  where you can't hit the sides while you're operating.
  I guess so.
  I mean, there's a certain kind of kid that just makes up like the punishment.
  Death is around every quarter.
  Everything is a source of worry.
  And then they all go into the entertainment industry and that's how we are here.
  So yes, you really that's but you know, you don't get a score at the end.
  No one judges how many times I will say I was looking at the Florida.
  I watched the Florida one, which I they, you know, a lot of the  Autopias around the world have different names.
  Florida, they call I believe the current iteration is just called the Tomorrowland Speedway.
  And it is filled with a number of giant white spheres and like metal art, like installation,  like it looks like Richard Serra metal art made it white.
  Yeah.
 Why? What's that about?  I don't know.
 I mean, it's kind of futuristic.
  It's the only futuristic looking thing.
  They briefly had a sponsorship with the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in the Florida one.
  And I have no recollection of that.
  Like they put in some work like car racing specifics for that.
  Well, I don't know.
 What do we do?  Do we try to turn it around or do we bail?  Do we just bail on this?  You think bad.
  I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry to Autopia and I'm sorry to the Autopia lovers among us,  of which I claimed that I was one since I'm like, I want to talk about Autopia.
  But the more we talk about it, the more I've decided it's an idea whose  day has come and gone.
  Like no one really cares about cars that much.
  And the exciting things are like electric cars.
  So I mean, I guess maybe we could turn it into a bunch of Teslas.
  I think people have talked about Tesla.
  I do think there's like we do.
  So another term we'll have to talk about is plus up, which is when you make a ride better  when they like add something that's newer.
  There's probably a plus up version of this that is like Wi-Fi controlled vehicles  that you can control, but they keep you on rails, but like not with an actual physical rail.
  So they can prevent you from hitting a wall just because the car won't be able to do it.
  There is probably some crazy, crazy expensive version of this that has like  the Tesla self-driving technology, but it has to always work.
  And that works so well.
  That's great.
  Finally, a ride that just catches on fire for no reason as opposed to when they  occasionally catch on fire for a reason.
  Again, stakes.
  Yes, the danger.
  That's fair.
  I think in Tokyo, didn't they make them electric in Tokyo before they closed it there?  I believe that's right.
  But then they closed it, the ultimate move of the future.
  They gained land and put in Beauty and the Beast and stuff.
  Like a next generation Beauty and the Beast ride, but it was cost prohibitive.
  It is insanely expensive to convert all those cars to electric.
  We've heard old Imagineers talk about the transformative thing that happens for kids  on Autopia when they get to drive for the first time.
  When I was a kid, I drove, I liked it.
  I don't feel it was transformative.
  I don't feel it changed.
  It was cool.
  I liked it.
  But I much rather would go on pirates because there were pirates on that ride.
  I liked steering, but I also knew this isn't a real car and I'm not on a highway.
  Well, before the internet and cable television, all you had to do for entertainment, you go  down to the malt shop or the drive-in, you meet up with Corn Pop and Soda Head.
  And that was transformative.
  You would do this whole thing.
  Nowadays, kids have cable TV and the internet and they don't need it as much.
  Who are Corn Pop and Soda Head?  Are those your friends?  Joe Biden's childhood.
  One of them is Joe Biden's childhood.
  Right, right.
  Yes.
  Hey, nothing but respect for my president and his weird old friends.
  I love them now.
  Soda Pop, Secretary of State.
  Secretary of Transportation, Corn Pop.
  Put them in.
  Corn Pop is going to fix coronavirus.
  It's better than what we've had.
  It is.
  Yeah, without having met Corn Pop, it is better than what we've had.
  I prefer Corn Pop to Squee.
  Yeah.
  So yes, a plusing up of Autopia would have to be some crazy thing with technology that  to me doesn't seem perfected yet.
  Would you accept also, all my pitches are just bringing back old ideas like the Highway  Patrol.
  Apparently Bob Gurr designed a bus that there would be some, he at least just drew it and  that like there'd be a bus so that a bunch of kids would go on.
  I think I like that too.
  One of the vehicles was just a bus, you're saying?  Yeah, just pack 10 kids on the bus.
  One was like maybe one was a tractor, one was a bus, one was a plane taking off, I don't  know.
  That's interesting.
  Oh, they should all be different.
  One's the Oscar Mayer Weir Mobile.
  Red Bull can.
  The Red Bull car.
  Perfect.
  Oh weird like Flugtog stuff.
  Oh yeah, like those, they could partner with, do you guys know these mini brands?  Have you encountered these?  They're these little like blind box ball things that you open up and there's like  a tiny thing of like Brillo Pads or like tiny thing of Arm and Hammer baking soda.
  And they're just like plastic replicas.
  I don't know.
  That sounds fun.
  What?  What's the point of that?  Kids like opening, since trading card packs, kids like blind boxes, you know?  They like the risk.
  It's hard to find these things.
  I think Gen Z is going wild for the brands.
  Gen Z is going, you heard it here first, folks.
  Gen Z.
  What if, speaking, okay, Gen Z makes me think, is there some, it's stakes is what we keep  coming back to.
  That's what we're talking about.
  Is there some way to like have this ride also have a lesson and the lesson is don't  text and drive.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  Like there's some, what, how does this play out?  Like you're like, like, they, do they tell you like, I don't know how they make you get  on your phone and start using it, but maybe you're just like passing by other cars that  have crashed into trees because they were texting.
  You're seeing like a trail of blood and accidents and gore that all, and all of it comes  from people texting and driving.
  Well, it's funny you say that Scott, because the morning of the day of my senior prom,  we all had to go outside and watch a little play of a wrecked car with some faked bloodied  students.
  I did too.
  I did too.
  I did too.
  Did you do that too?  This is more weird high school shit than we had to do.
  They staged a drunk driving car accident and the fire department was next door to the high  school.
  So they got a fire engine to come and pull up in front of the high school next to this  accident where students had supposedly died and they're like, okay, you can have your  half day to get ready for prom now.
  Have fun tonight.
  We had a helicopter land on the football field to pretend that there was a drunk driving  accident.
  Yes.
  Whoa.
  My high school science.
  Cool.
  They didn't do anything.
  Boring.
  There were no threats.
  Threat plays.
  No hell houses.
  They pulled a sheet off and they had made one of the students look like he had gone  through the windshield.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Everyone, people covered in blood and meanwhile, all of us are totally desensitized with it  because all of the upperclassmen are like, oh, you got to watch a fake car accident set  up and then you can go home for the day before the dance.
  Who got to be the kid who had went through the windshield?  Um, I, I, it was very, just weirdos.
  I, I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Were they weirdos that went to your school or were they supplied by the city?  Yeah.
  I, I know exactly.
  I know exactly which student was through the windshield on my school.
  It was not the drama club.
  Student.
  Oddly enough.
  The kid who went through my fake windshield was like, hey, it's that funny guy who like  everybody likes who like dances at the basketball games to get everybody psyched up.
  Oh, it is a crowd.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like, like it's a beloved guy who like, he's like got a lot of energy and like everybody.
  And I guess that's the narrative reason for making us all go.
  He's dead.
  He's been killed.
  Yes.
  Uh, weird.
  It's weird that you did that too.
  Now this is bizarre.
  God.
  Very strange.
  Okay.
  So you're driving around and you're seeing like, you know, dogs and stuff  who are, if I really would like, crashed through the windshield, like the Polly Shore one.
  And she's everywhere.
  The can exploded.
  The whiz is everywhere.
  There's yellow on the ground.
  I like the morals you're trying to give kids here.
  And it ends up with a happy ending.
  He decides to like, or like you max learns to focus and then you listen to the nice song at the end  and he knows to keep his eyes on the road and his hands on the wheel.
  Do we all sign off on this?  Like a Mr.
 Toad vibe.
  Yeah.
  That's good.
  There has not been a good new Disney morality play for a long time.
  And I think this like blood on the concrete is the way to bring back a great Disney tradition.
  Look, I'm going to think about that.
  Mm-hmm.
  It's just, it's an idea.
  I don't know.
  But lacking that, do we say it's time to retire the utopia and put something new in there?  That's my, yes, I feel that's a lot of real estate there.
  We can have something transformative somehow for children, but also high speed rail,  high speed rail simulator that simulates the  Maglev.
  Los Angeles to Las Vegas trip that we want.
  Yeah, it's a bullet train.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  New bullet train attraction.
  Alison, anything you want to see go into that land?  If we're, is there a type of ride?  Is there a franchise?  Are they anything with Frozen?  Do you know?  Well, they've talked about it.
  They have one in Epcot.
  They changed this ride, the Maelstrom around to be frozen, but there's been a,  I've heard rumors and this is now all pushed back, you know, and maybe canceled because of COVID,  but the rumor was they were going to carve out a chunk maybe of the utopia and back where the  subs are and they would make like an Arendelle and a full new Frozen ride.
  And then very smartly use the backdrop of the Matterhorn to look like Arendelle.
  So when you were in that air, like little mini land, you would kind of feel more  immersed because you'd see the Matterhorn, which thematically blends in.
  I think that would be cool because my son is super into Frozen right now.
  And I feel like almost all toddlers go through a Frozen stage.
  So that would be neat.
  I personally, Pete's Dragon is Disney, right?  Yep.
  I know that there's not like a real clamoring for Pete's Dragon, but I always love Pete's Dragon.
  So if they want to make a Pete's Dragon ride, I could get on board with that.
  That would be very cool.
  They seem to be very like synergy focused new stuff, which is a bummer for us who like the old.
  But they did a new, we all know new Pete's Dragon.
  Oh, Redford, baby.
  Right?  Everybody loves it.
  They made a live action Pete's Dragon that we all remember.
  So we'll put in an animatronic Robert Redford.
  Nobody's happy.
  But the only Pete's Dragon stuff in the park is still if they bring back the electrical  parade.
  Oh, right.
  So that's-  There's the big dragon.
  Right.
  That's the problem.
  Probably for now, the only thing we're getting when it comes to Pete's Dragon.
  I think so.
  Frozen's a good vote.
  I know.
  Everything's been pushed back at this point and I don't know if that's coming within five  years or more.
  That would be my guess.
  Yeah.
  We shall see.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We shall see.
  You know, I realize as I look just one more time at my notes that there is a tradition  that there was a part of this ride where everybody got hurt a lot and they called it Blood Alley.
  Oh.
  To do something bloody and violent would be in the tradition of the utopia.
  Right.
  Let's rename it Blood Alley.
  Wait, what happened to people in Blood Alley?  I don't have anything about that.
  You know, maybe like big car pileups.
  You know, like the bumpers used to like, if you look at pictures of the old cars, the  bumpers would be kind of like hooks, right?  And I think that there's some story where one of the hook-like bumpers got caught on  a tree, which caused that car to get stuck and then the car behind it and the car behind  it and the car behind it and then like 20 cars that were all hooked together essentially  and somebody had to go and like shut them off one by one, move them one by one.
  Sounds like it was a tough ride to work.
  Scott, you are reminding me a thing I wrote down when the Chevron sponsorship was going  on.
  The announcement about like, keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle.
  And so here's how to make it work.
  And the guy, the voice says, I'm dusty beat the utopia car.
  To make us go, push your foot on the gas.
  Just hearing the voice say to make us go, I find very unsightly.
  So maybe the cars like talk to you or can scream if like they get nudged or something  if we're talking about upping the stakes to make us go.
  Don't make me scream, but please don't make us hurt, please.
  That's good.
  Plus up for sure.
  That's fine to me.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Look, something they got to roll the dice big or else, you know, the public is speaking  and I think there'll be a big outcry after this episode.
  Yeah, to either Frozen or New Blood Alley.
  New Blood Alley.
  Yeah, I think we're I think we're agreed.
  I think we've come to a consensus.
  Alison Rosen, you survived podcast The Ride.
  Thank you so much for being here.
  Thank you for having me.
  Absolutely.
  Let's let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to do?  Please listen to my podcast.
  Alison Rosen is your new best friend and childish.
  Oh, and I have a book out.
  It is called Tropical Attire Encouraged and Other Phrases That Scare Me.
  Well, hey, fantastic.
  Oh, geez.
  Cool.
 Yes.
  Check that out.
 All of all that out.
  Thanks for being here.
  As for us, you know, we're on the social media.
  Is help us with any questions we didn't come up with the answer to during this episode.
  If you can remember what the phone was for us or for Alison, fill in some memory holes.
  And besides all that, we got three bonus episodes every month at the second  podcast, the second gate at Patreon.
com slash podcast The Ride.
  Hey, we never said the name of the the the the bad one.
  Oh, that's true.
  They call it the the it was called the the middle  of the little person, Utopia, which would be the more correct term.
  Yeah, even at the time, we bleep when I said it.
  Even at the time, it didn't make much sense.
  It was not aesthetically like doesn't roll off the tongue.
  Well, it's just for kids.
  It was like a weird way to like it was like we're calling kids that  like I just call it the kid.
  Utopia.
 Why use that? Cars were cute.
  Cars were cute.
 It was an off the off the shelf ride, too.
  It was not like original Disney design.
 Mm hmm.
  Hmm.
 And I wrote down that it replaced what was there before.
  Which was a bunch of tables and umbrellas.
  So I guess even with its bizarre name, it still was an improvement.
  Maybe that's that episode.
  Maybe that we covered it so that we don't have to put out an episode  with that weird word in the title.
  So we we just did it.
  Yeah, well, two for once.
  You're welcome, everybody.
 Hey, great.
  Took care of that other different topics coming to the second gate  and to the main feed.
  We'll be back for more next week.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  Right.
 Bye bye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive  produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm,  Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
