 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains rhinestone studded clothing, strip mall wax figures, an  extremely safe Santa photo op, and a rock and roll city?  Jesse Farrar joins us to talk Opryland, so get ready to hoot and holler.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride, the podcast about theme parks that's more fun than playing  a game of Family Feud against the Statler Brothers.
  I'm Scott Gardner and Jason Sheridan, come on down.
  I'm here, yes, it's a historic Family Feud game.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I figure we get it out of the way right at the top because everybody's going to be demanding.
  You can't talk Opryland without the famous Statler Mandrell Family Feud.
  Mike, I'm sure you got a myriad of thoughts about that.
  Mike Carlson.
  I certainly do.
  Everyone I ran into while I was walking the dog today have been saying, you got to talk  about this, okay?  You got to do the Family Feud story.
  And I said, I'll get it, I'll get there, but I don't want to reveal all yet, I think.
  And what a story it is.
  It's definitely not just that it happened.
  It's way beyond that.
  I'm really excited for today's episode and I think I texted you guys some version of  this thought, which is that I think that we've done it very seldom, but I think that when  I think the good things happen when Podcast, The Ride goes south, not when we go, not when  we fail, but when we go to the south of the country, I think about Hard Rock Park in South  Carolina, I think about Dogpatch USA in Arkansas.
  And I'm so excited to head south now to Nashville, Tennessee to talk about Opryland USA and joining  us from Tennessee, from the Go Off Kings, from your Kickstarter sucks, and from the  new podcast on Stitcher Premium.
  Good morning, good morning, Jesse Farrar.
  Hey guys, thanks for having me on.
  Absolutely.
  Thank you for joining us.
  So excited to talk about a thing native to your neck of the woods.
  You had mentioned Dollywood as well, but we have a thing I said about Dollywood.
  I'm like, I think we have to go.
  I think we like we do.
  We deserve that.
  Dollywood deserves our physical presence for us to do an episode.
  We need to do a live show at Dollywood before.
  We need to like in one of the theaters that houses like Civil War shows or something,  to do a show there.
  Yeah, I had actually when we were talking about what to do.
  Yeah, I said, well, I don't you know, I'm not I'm not a theme parks guy.
  So get the get the knives out now and slash my belly open.
  And actually listening to your show has helped me work out some of my feelings on theme parks  and this kind of thing, because you guys I think you have a really good attitude about  it.
  Smoke up your asses.
  OK, please, please.
  But I think it's true that theme parks, like everywhere else, are nightmares for a lot  of reasons, especially right now, obviously.
  But there's there's a lot of shit to hate about it.
  There's so much shit to hate about going to one of these places.
  And I have to enumerate all of it.
  But I mean, it's it's it's just unbridled capitalism.
  It's not fun to see that it's become an experience for if not purely  the rich, then the people with enough disposable income to say, you know, like a few hundred  dollars a pop just to get in the door is no big deal for me.
  And it's also just I mean, so much of the stuff is junk.
  I mean, so much of it's the IP that you have to wander through in all these places is garbage.
  I don't care about any of this shit.
  However, what do you mean minions and  getting to watch Vin Diesel fly a helicopter?  I mean, how many things are there?  How many parks or rides are there dedicated to properties with one movie?  That's not you have to have more than one movie to get a ride, don't you?  Am I am I out of my mind?  This is an interesting point.
  Yeah, I mean, it's you know, sometimes people sometimes a movie gets lucky.
  There's an amount of money a company, a corporation has to put into a ride.
  And this movie just happened to have just come out and they go,  oh, that thing just came out, maybe.
  Right.
 We'll use that.
 Right.
  If it gets lucky.
 Yes, it can be.
  That's the water world situation.
  And like it was ready at the time.
  I don't know that years down the line, you'd sink a lot of money into water world.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But that being said, there is something that when I've been,  I find to appreciate there.
  You know, I've taken my kids to to Disney World  out here on my side of the country.
  And we went, my wife and I went to the what?  What's the avatars in the animal kingdom?  Right.
 That's where in the animal kingdom.
 Yeah.
  Right.
 So we went there and I got sick  and had some big nasty drinks and made a fool of myself  by taking a picture that now all my friends mock me with.
  And I guess probably will for the rest of my life.
  And that's fine.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 I also have it ready to go.
  Yeah.
 Jason pulled it up.
  Jesse, Jesse, two drinks.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's me.
  Yeah.
 And in that, you know, and I and that's not that's nothing I enjoyed.
  But I appreciate that somebody took this much time.
  Look, hey, somebody put some effort into this shit.
  You know, you guys really you've made an attempt at doing something here.
  And it's pretty cool.
 And my kids like it.
  So there's stuff that I like about parks without.
  I can't roll with the punches.
 You know what I mean?  I can't get on the coaster and whip my neck around and all that other kind of stuff.
  But I can kind of bask in it and go, OK, somebody did a really good job  on this rock texture for this ride.
  And also they there's like a good hot dog or something.
  That's it's where I'm at with with this kind of stuff.
  You know what I'm saying? Not too far from where we're at.
  Yeah.
 Speaking our language here, we did a whole episode about fake rocks.
  Right.
 We love fake rocks.
  Fans of it's amazing fake tree that you were in front of in this photograph.
  The tree of life.
  It's no mere tree.
  There's many animals carved into the bark of the fake tree,  the fake bark of the fake tree.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 There are a lot of very talented artists and creative people  that have given their lives to these corporations in the as a tribute.
  Their whole creativity is now given to a corporation.
  And it's nice to see some of their work.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  Yeah, that's exactly right.
  And yeah.
 And with with Dolly.
  So my point was, is when when you asked me what, you know,  what what kind of what do you have feelings on for for in this world?  And I threw out Dollywood because I have been there one time.
  And to me, that is the equivalent of caring about something enough to talk about it.
  What I didn't realize is it's still open and you guys like it.
  So you can just go and have a real experience there and have stuff to talk about.
  That didn't occur to me that that would be a possibility.
  But of course, and you should go, you know, when this is all over.
  Oh, yeah.
 Believe, believe me.
  Jesse, can I ask how do we how do you get to Pigeon Forge, Tennessee?  Can you tell me?  Because I have always wondered hard.
  Is it fly into Nashville and then drive?  Is that the right course? Well, so the the Knoxville Airport,  which would be fairly close, is a regional airport.
  OK, so if you are going, you're not going to be flying from L.
A.
  to Knoxville unless something drastic has changed.
  Or if you're going to be on a plane that will provide such a horrible experience,  you'd never want to do it again.
  So, yeah, you would probably fly into Nashville  and then drive the three and a half or four hours up there.
  Or honestly, North Carolina would probably be the way to go and then drive  backwards.
 So you go over it and then come back the other direction.
  So it's not it's not super easy, I don't think.
 OK.
  Yeah, that's what's been stopping me and other people  I know is like seemingly the difficulty of going.
  And then also the rumor that it is a at least past a certain hour,  that it is a dry town.
  I don't know if you can confirm or deny that.
  Oh, you know, I don't know.
  Pigeon Forge itself being dry, I'm not sure.
  There are some quixotic laws in this area about that type of stuff.
  I mean, I think most people probably know that  the home of the Jack Daniels distillery is it's a dry county,  which is a little bit strange.
  I didn't know that, actually.
 Yeah, that's very bizarre.
  Yeah, it's very strange.
  I think you can get.
  I'm not sure.
 Can you get samples there of the whiskey?  You may be able to get a sample there, but not you're not like not able  to buy like a big commemorative bottle or something, or they may have carved out  an exception in those in those laws for that area.
  Yeah, but but that still does happen out here.
  Blue laws are a real thing out here for sure.
  And East Tennessee is a very old and very religious part of the country.
  So that wouldn't surprise me at all.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And yet we want to go after all this, we still are wanting to go.
  You kind of get thrills.
  Yeah, I want to hit Branson, too.
  If I'm I know it's not super close, but just like do a whole.
  Yeah, a whole dry loop.
  Dry, a whole dry trip.
  You might adopt that method.
  You might stay dry after you go.
  You'll realize there's something to it.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, we'll we'll do that.
  I mean, Branson, I feel like is a whole saga.
  Was that a daily?  That's a 19 part, at least.
  We got to live there, though, for maybe a month.
  Opry land and Branson feel similar in that when I've read about them,  it feels like I am I am consumed.
  I'm learning about like not alien culture,  but aliens trying to impersonate human culture.
  Like Opry, Opry, the Grand Ole Opry is just a corner of country music  that I am like, I just don't understand Mini Pearl and he haul.
  Like I just I it's it's just a little alien to me.
  You know, I just didn't grow up with it in the northeast.
  That's I think that is like a really good way of putting how I feel about opry land  specifically theme parks as a whole, but opry land even more specifically  because like I was alluding to earlier, this is clearly something that  and you can see this in all the videos.
  I'm sure you guys looked at the the rides and stuff that they had there  and all of the kitsch and everything that was so crucial to what opry land was all about.
  And the takeaway for me, even as someone who has lived here my whole life, is,  well, you guys really put a lot of effort into this, but it was stupid.
  And I don't it's not I don't I didn't like it.
  So that's not for me.
  You did a good job, but I don't care.
  And that's that's what opry land is.
  That's what like Branson is.
  It's like a lot of people caring a lot about something  that I might as well not even have encountered ever.
  And that's why I feel so alien.
  Like the the corny level is just cranked up all the way,  like big white leather boots and like, I just I don't want any part of this shit.
  You know, all these places make me think of like lots of people  kicking up their heels and skirts, which are red, white and blue  and tassels many times over, like all these like between Branson and Opryland.
  There's like like five thousand shows all told happening at any time.
  And the shows are like essentially public domain songs for the most part.
  Yeah.
 And also that's supposed to be funny, too.
  That's the other thing that's so alien about it is it's not just  that's not just like an entertainment, like like you would go to the ballet  and watch someone like with technical proficiency perform something  you can't possibly imagine doing.
  It's also like I mean, that's what a hootenanny is, is someone like  dancing a jig and you clap, but you're also laughing at the same time.
  So I don't really know.
  That isn't that's like a weird emotion I don't have.
  You know, it's like hooting and hollering.
  I don't know how to do that one.
  Why are you laughing?  Because people are like looking like fools.
  Yeah, because they're just kind of like, you know, they're getting they're really.
  I don't know.
 I don't do it.
  I don't know.
 I'm just trying to.
  I'm not sure.
 I'm trying to put myself in their shoes.
  But clearly, when you see the pans to the audience of one of these shows  and like you said, the skirt goes up way high.
  It's like like what a relief to see the skirt go up so high.
  That's so much fun.
  I just have to like exhort, you know, it's like church.
  Well, where if like like a Will Rogers type came out in a starched white cowboy outfit  and he he's like, I saw a senator standing next to a donkey.
  Which was the politician and which was the ass?  And then just everyone laughs at that single joke for one hour straight.
  I think I think growing up,  that was not a part of any entertainment, really.
  But I will say the older I get, the more I like maybe my kitch,  my tolerance for love and love of kitch has just gone skyrocket.
  I've been excuse me, I can't speak skyrocketed.
  But I get more and more interested in like old he haw clips.
  Let me ask you this, Jesse.
  Do you know, have you seen the country bear jamboree?  I'm familiar with the country bear jamboree.
  Yes, I do.
 I know about that.
  It is.
 I mean, that's what a hoot is right there, isn't it?  I think so.
 Like that's the and this is, of course, probably sacrilegious  to anyone who knows a lot about all these shows that, oh,  your favorite one is the one where there's robot bears.
  But it's a very good version of it.
  I find there's jokes in it that I think are funny.
  I like the songs.
  So like, I get how like this kind of a format could be fun.
  So I and then look, we've built in, I think we've built in a failsafe  on this podcast where we like stuff, if it's really good or if it's really bad.
  Right.
 Like there's almost the same enjoyment we can take from a show like that.
  So that's why I feel like going to Branson, like maybe we'll see a show  that like, wow, that those songs are really good.
  Those were great performers.
  And then the other 90 percent of the shows were dog shit.
  And we love them just as much.
  I'll say I learned about I do remember in college  learning about like the grand olopry in the context of like an introduction  to mass media and popular culture in America of like  I had a very old, very white professor  who really wanted to tell us about jazz.
  Like he had a lot to tell us about jazz and very, very lala land.
  But he would also like enlightened us  into like, you know, Muddy Waters or Robert Johnson  or like the grand olopry in terms of like they were pretty small.
  And then they just got insanely popular and they had this massive radio wattage  where like there was a certain point where you could hear it  anywhere in America with a radio.
  So like I remember learning about it, like on an intellectual level  and like how it how it was important to the history of American media.
  Some of the first like mass entertainment.
  Yes, essentially.
 Yeah.
  And like with a way wider reach than anything now, whatever.
  Yeah.
 For some context, the grand olopry, and I didn't realize this  grand, it's kind of like the ground links where they're like  you had to be a member of it.
  You would have to kind of get like audition to get in.
  And then you would you could sort of be a member for as long as they would  either keep you or if you left.
  And it's still like fairly exclusive.
  But yeah, then it was like a radio show and.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Other media.
  Yeah, it's a it's a it's a phrase that means lots of different things.
  Right.
 It's a place.
  It's a it's yeah, it's like this echelon of country music society.
  It's like I mean, it's like a proto hall of fame, I think, in a certain way,  because like the Hall of Fame is like downtown and Taylor Swift  owns it or whatever the hell.
  But so this so in a way, the grand olopry is a little bit different.
  It also does now sit in the parking lot of a mall, which, you know,  if we have time to talk about that, that would be it might be mostly that  I was going to say a parking lot in a mall.
  This is podcast the ride.
 Yes.
  Well, that's well here.
  Let me let me jump in with with some dry expositional stuff,  because I think what we haven't said maybe is Opryland USA  was outside of Nashville from 1972 to 1997.
  And it was a theme park that was supposed to flesh out  the surrounding area of the Grand Ole Opry Theatre.
  Jason was talking a little bit about, you know, the operating, Jesse saying  it's it's many things.
  I think I always thought until right now that it was a venue only.
  And what I didn't realize it was is that it was a radio show and a review  that moved from place to place, eventually landed at the Ryman  Auditorium, historic venue.
  But that started falling into disrepair.
  And it would during the summer, it get to be 120 degrees sitting in that thing.
  So they needed something more updated.
  And they were talking about how to do this and where to do it.
  And whoever was putting all this together  when visited Astro World, which we discussed several years ago.
  And Astro World is a theme park that is sort of like fleshing out  the adjoining area of the the Astro Dome, the Astro Dome's at the center.
  How do we make this more of an experience as a bunch of shops and hotels  and a theme park?  So what if we could do something like that?  And for more information about Astro World, check out our episode about that.
  But obviously, but where Batman Nick Mundy  Batman, the Batman waits around every corner.
  But besides all that, yes, it was like,  yeah, how do we like make this more than just a theater?  This this this would be a bigger experience than like creating  a whole little community and city around it.
  Yeah, when I was looking back into some of this stuff, because I was  so I was I guess I was 10 when Opryland closed.
  So it wasn't like this was a huge part of my childhood, really.
  I wasn't going there when I was like a preteen.
  I didn't work there as a teenager or any of that kind of stuff.
  It was already gone by that point for me.
  But when I was looking back into this, I thought it was funny to hear  that same pitch of once we build this, then we'll build all this stuff around it.
  And and and then it will be this hub of  economy for the city and for these jobs and all this stuff,  which now I would only associate basically only, I think,  associated with sports arenas and stadiums and stuff like that.
  This is the same pitch that they make now, chiefly as a way to get money  from the city or county or state or whatever, to help them build  these massive places and defer their tax payments way into the future  when they've already blown the place up and left town.
  But I thought it was really funny to hear that pitched around  what is essentially like like a roller coaster in the middle of the city.
  I just that was so weird.
  It's such a weird throwback to hear that this was this is what  risk guys, I guess, have always done this.
 Right.
  This is like, yeah, this is like L.
A.
  Live by the Staples Center.
 Right.
  And what's that other what's that nightmare one by the the Banneheim?  The do you remember the name anymore?  Well, the worst name.
  It's really good, but I can't think of it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  With so many like ones instead of eyes and exclamation points  instead of everything.
  Awful name.
  These places are, yeah, always in.
  I guess what you're describing, Jesse, is sort of like, all right,  one super rich guy leads the army.
  Like we're going to build a big arena or something.
  And oh, wait, while I got the opportunity, they might 20 other rich friends  want to come in the door real fast and get in on this scam with me.
  Yeah, they these guys want to run the parking for the six blocks around this whole area.
  You know, this guy owns the construction company that's digging the footers  for the arena and all this stuff.
 And it's just a massive.
  I mean, it's it's grift.
  What else could it possibly be just on this massive scale?  But instead of covered in the cloak of this is this will be a fun thing to have on Sundays.
  And then the aforementioned Taylor Swift can come by twice a year  and justify the box seats here.
  It's like, oh, this will be cute because it's like country music or whatever.
  And apparently the guys, apparently the guy really cared about it.
  That was that's at least what's been written in the history books  that he really cared about country music or whatever.
  And maybe he did.
  But it's hard to see the the complex itself as anything other than what it was,  which was a moneymaker, even until it closed.
  Yeah.
 The CEO of Gaylord.
  Is that the that what we're describing?  Yeah, they took it over at a certain point,  just like it's now been taken over by Marriott.
  So it's changed hands, I think, a number of times over the over the years.
  The property up there.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, there was a couple of times where it's like I had to keep reading,  like histories of this because, you know, I feel like I was skeptical or I was suspicious.
  And it's like, oh, like you're saying, I think he did care about this place.
  But there there was a moment when I found the old logos  where the tagline was the home of American music.
  And to their credit, they did try to have like  country and jazz and rock and roll.
  And they even seem to admit that, like rock and roll was change.
  Like they areas would try to change with the times a little bit.
  But now I feel like if something has a tagline home of American music,  I'm just like, oh, geez, what's this? Oh, no.
  Like, I'm just immediately terrified of what about what is about to happen.
  Yeah.
 And I think that that's that's something I think about when I when I hear people  complain about what it has become now, which, you know, in one sense,  is it true now that it has become essentially, you know, a a generic,  you know, monstrosity, a pay into capitalism,  just a big nasty mall that you go and fart around in and eat the bacon wrapped, whatever.
  I mean, yeah, it has.
 And that sucks.
  And then it flooded and then they built it back up again,  which is even grosser for some reason, not that it was their fault.
  They flooded.
 But the that's true.
  But when people say they took this away from us, this was real Nashville.
  This is what Nashville was all about.
  This is before Nashville sold out.
  I fucking start getting really like grossed out by that, because to me,  it's a very clear implication of what people really think about a city  getting bigger and more diverse and more inclusive  and wanting this this history to be constrained to one very particular thing,  which is like, I mean, it's like white people shit.
  I mean, that's what it is.
  It's just and and country music is great and it has a place and all this other stuff.
  But when people are like, they took this away from us and they get like  really upset about it now, now I'm out, you know, I'm out on the whole.
  You can be upset a little bit, but don't be.
  This can't be your whole life.
  Crusading for opera land.
 What the fuck?  No, hang on.
 Hey, they did have a now they had a rollercoaster  that looked like a big dragon's face and they carved all the teeth.
  Isn't that something worth fighting for?  Going to the mat for?  Yeah, you're right.
  Do you want Diddy City?  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, come on.
 Yeah.
  That's a that's a paradise from the sound of it.
  My America is Dewa Diddy City.
  Nessy Plunge, Nessy Plunge.
  That real well.
  OK, so the dulcimer splash,  formerly the flume zoom and for a brief period of time, the Nessy Splunge.
  That was the log ride in the park.
  I have to give this park credit because the ride names are all fun.
  That said, I was a little shocked to discover that the rollercoaster  called the Hangman was rolled out in 1995.
  That seems far too late.
  Yeah, that is kind of I guess that's kind of gruesome.
  But you look at it and it kind of is like it is they named it right.
  You know, it is your hang.
  You're hanging there.
  So I don't didn't see a picture of the hangman.
  I don't know what the hangman's about.
  Why did they build a ride so close to being closed?  Like it was closed two years later.
  Well, that's the other thing that is, I think, very interesting about this park  is like all of the like look backs and after actions.
  No one is taking credit.
  No one has an answer for why it closed.
  It's like besides, you know, like Jesse's talking about, like corporates,  corporations consolidating and stuff, there's no like,  oh, we wanted to do this instead or like, oh, there was safety incident or like it.
  Everyone honestly seems a little confused about why it closed.
  Yeah.
 Do we know, just to go back to Jesse's point, do we know like,  was there a big uproar when this closed?  Was this like a Confederate monument being taken down when upland closed  and people were very upset about it?  Or was it just like, oh, that's a shame.
  Like, what do we know?  I don't remember contemporaneously with it happening that it was a big thing.
  Is it? Yeah.
  Because of course, you look at all the videos or you do any kind of reading  and there is that sort of I don't know if you'd call it rose colored glasses,  but definitely the prioritization, the the wistfulness about the past  that is like really common.
  I mean, with essentially everything, we love fandoms and we love  we love our innocent childhoods and we love all the other shit  that makes us go out of our fucking minds.
  But with theme parks in particular, right, that are aimed at pushing  that button in your brain, that that's the stuff that you like.
  I think there is a lot more of that with old rides  or or old movies or whatever that go by the wayside.
  I think people feel that way more more often about this than other stuff.
  But I don't remember at the time.
  I mean, it wasn't like a protest.
  You know, I think it just I think it just quietly went away,  but it seemed very popular.
  I think if they brought it back, in fact, they there was talk of it  being brought back in some capacity with Dolly Parton.
  And that was like a huge deal around here.
  That was just a few years ago that people were really excited about that.
  Do we so we don't know if maybe an early version of Antifa was behind  taking up land down.
  We don't know that for sure.
  We don't know for sure.
  But I mean, I'm reporting it, obviously.
  I just I just don't know it.
  Yeah, people are saying more and more.
 Yeah.
  Those floods, there were several floods in this area and we don't, you know,  I don't know if this Antifa put some holes in some dams  or like put the extra water in a river or something.
  Well, I mean, we know how much they love soup.
  Is it possible that the soup was being opened up and poured into the soup?  Very chunky displaces more water than just water alone.
  So something to think about.
  A thickening agent.
  Yeah.
 If you're looking to create a flood, add a lot of soup to a river.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  I guess, Jesse, you were the like on the ground source of this.
  And you and it's foggy memories.
  It's before you were 10.
 But  what do you remember about it?  Were there were there things worth saving?  Do you have positive memories here?  Yeah, I I think I do.
  You know, the I also know that I've always been lame my whole life.
  So I never would have gone on the hangman ride.
  I might have seen it and been terrified and that would that would have been the end of it.
  I would not surprise me at all if the extent of my being in Opryland was  my mom taking me there and us getting on the they're called the 10 Lizzy's,  I think the extremely loud go kart motored.
  I mean, those are the worst things in any park to me.
  I don't know if you guys agree with that.
  Have you ever sat on one of these things?  I don't know in this in this like, yeah, what?  I don't think so.
 I have.
 Yeah.
  It's pretty much like an Autopia engine, but like on a Model T  like frame, like a Model T style frame and a lot of older parks  keep these going.
  Like sometimes it's their vintage like this has been here since the 20s  and we've just kind of like kept it up where we've swapped out some parts.
  They're the type of thing you would see at a zoo,  not necessarily like a like an actual proper park.
  This is like the thing that you pay 50 cents and get on at the zoo  and you feel like shit when you get your asses.
  What's that thing where your ass gets like really vibrated and it like itches?  You know what I'm talking about?  Oh, yeah, I know that.
  I know that.
 OK, you know that one.
  OK, yeah.
 Clever relating.
  And I don't know if there's a name for it.
 It hurts.
  Yeah, it's a it's got to be maybe a spine.
  It's maybe it's partly a spine, like a lower part of your spine gets  like jacked up a little bit.
  I don't know.
 I need it.
 I need it.
  I need a better ass.
  But it wouldn't surprise me if I went and got on the tin Lizzy's  and got on some kind of like tram  and then maybe got on the log ride, which that's to me is what  was emblematic of the park is the the flume,  which Jason, you said it was called the Nestea plunge.
  Is that real? That was real.
  That was real for like, I think, one summer.
  OK, it was, I think, originally called the flume zoom.
  And then at some point, the dulcimer splash log ride.
  That is not the last utterance of dulcimer coming to this.
  Oh, that's right.
  That  on this key plunge was a that that was like a slogan.
  That was that was a campaign for that was a campaign.
  OK, nasty.
  So to turn that into a famous phrase we all love.
  That's crazy.
  It was also look, I hate I have to say it.
  It was also a bump that Mick Foley would regularly regularly take.
  He would fall onto the concrete, like on his back from the ring apron in wrestling.
  So I just had to say that because it's a thing.
  I know it was called the Nestea plunge.
  And Nestea plunge is a really ugly looking bump he would take in wrestling.
  And that was an endorsement.
  Uh, I know that was not an official Nestea endorsed.
  He wouldn't get like 50 bucks every time he landed on his back on the concrete.
  Please, he deserves it.
  The McMahon family are dignified people.
  They wouldn't do something like that.
  He was doing it before he was doing it in WCW.
  Oh, OK.
 So Ted Turner, Ted Turner owed him the money there.
  Who shockingly does not come up in the history of this.
  Very good.
 Yeah.
  So we need to there's not been a lot of Ted Turner on this podcast,  but we should correct that.
  He you know where he came up?  The the Sid and Marty Croft Park,  the short lived indoors.
  Yeah.
 Sid and Marty Croft Park in Atlanta is now the CNN building.
  Yeah, I'm also a fan of Ted's Montana Grill,  his like mediocre burger restaurant.
  But that's oddly satisfying to me.
  People will be so mad that several times when I've been to New York City  for only a few days, I'm like, you know, I really want to go.
  Ted's Montana Grill.
  No, you've been there multiple times.
  Yes, I was like I was in New York.
  I was only there for like three days and like with that short amount of time,  you know what I need to do?  Ted's Montana Grill.
 Really?  This is new information to us.
  It's a tourist.
 Yeah.
  This is a Patreon episode, I think.
 Wow.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  Gladly.
 It's one of my favorite restaurants.
  When you're in New York, you got to go.
  Well, hey, folks, an exciting thing I learned about the the now  Opry Mills, Grand Ole Opry, the existing complex as of 2020,  one of the old Opry land buildings that had flooded during the 2010 floods  has been repaired.
  And again, this is as of 2020 is now a Paula Deen's family kitchen.
  So, Jesse, do people get canceled in Nashville?  Has that do they know about that concept yet?  Wait, is that true?  It's it's on the Opry land.
  This is news to me.
 It's it's on the Opry land.
  I mean, is that is what I was reading about?  Yeah, supposedly.
  I want to pull it up.
 Yeah.
  That's cool.
 There's one at Pigeon Forge and and maybe a few more.
  And yeah, one at Opry Mills.
  You're right.
 I had not I had not seen that.
  That's interesting to me.
  That's I mean, it's not surprising.
  She's I mean, she's going to make money still, obviously.
  I actually I have I have like three knives in my drawer  that I laugh at every time I pull out that say Paula Deen on there  in a very racist script.
  No, it looks it's normal.
  It's a normal font.
 It's a normal font.
  It's a normal.
 But yeah, you get that.
  Yeah, I think I gave my mom like the guy Fieri pan.
  What year for Christmas?  They like to sell these pants at the stores now like any celebrity chef.
 Yeah.
  How are the knives?  I do use that.
  I'll tell you what I use the knives for most most often is they are sort of  my designated styrofoam pack opening knife where it's like it's it's the  it's the big it's the chicken breasts that are to they're too big.
  They're too big.
  And there's three of them in the package.
  And this is the knife I take out and I slice that open  and then immediately throw it in the dishwasher because I don't care.
  I don't need to do anything else with it.
  I'm not taking any risk.
  It's just it has one job and it goes right in the dishwasher.
  And I kind of like it for that.
  So I give it an A plus.
  And I think she should have more restaurants, actually.
  I think she's a great.
  Does he think for being here? OK, new topic.
  But let's  let's talk about some other stuff in the in the park  before the last hour and a half of Mills conversation.
  I I'll just throw a name.
  See if you remember any of these.
  I mean, I think we brought it up before that.
  You know, there's all these country areas, but of course, we're rock and roll guys.
  We go our eyes look at that map and go straight to the rock place,  which for a while was called music of today.
  And in music of today,  that's where you could go on the ride Little Deuce Coupe.
  Circa 1984.
  Yeah, that's very cool.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Also, also a ride there, apparently called Rock and Roller Coaster  before Disney did it.
 Yes.
  And they had a little Rock and Roller Coaster.
 Oh, wow.
  There was a smaller version.
  Yeah.
 So they I guess they didn't copyright that name.
  I could have saved the entire thing.
  Yeah, I think it's generic enough.
  I think that what could you what's copyrightable?  Yeah, it rocks.
  Well, I mean, it'd be more than that, I think, to get in front of a judge or whatever.
  That's like Paris Sultan trying to copyright.
  It's hot.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Or thing.
  Yeah, I guess that's a good point.
  I guess I guess maybe Disney probably, though, has copywritten  the words Rock and Roller Coaster.
  Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Certainly they've done it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, they're they're smarter.
  And they're and unlike Operaland, they're still around.
  Yeah.
  I there's a question.
  I think you're you were correct in what you said before.
  I don't think that this is their fault.
  But the the the site has flooded twice.
  It flooded when it was a theme park and it flooded when it was a mall.
  Are we sure this is not their fault?  Was this a poorly picked location?  If if it is going to flood many, many years apart and completely unrelated events?  I yeah, I I'm not a geologist.
  And I also don't know what the right word is to say about someone who does know  any of that stuff.
  But I know I think it's probably geologists.
  There's rocks underground.
  So that kind of makes a lot of sense.
  What I said, a quologist like a study water.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  My understanding is that those were what's called 100 year floods.
  So analyzing the science, it's supposed to happen once every 100 years or so.
  So the fact that it happened twice in that whatever 25 year period  is several times more frequent than you would expect.
  Now, why is that happening?  Maybe you don't lift up that rock and start thinking about why we're having a lot  more floods and other natural disasters.
  But I don't I don't I don't know that the people behind Opryland are necessarily  completely responsible for for that.
  But honestly, around here, it's surprising to me it hasn't been demolished by a  tornado.
 I mean, that's honestly the thing that happens here more than anything else.
  And Nashville has had several big ones in that time period.
  So, I mean, stuff's going to get fucked up for sure.
  It's not it's not L.
A.
  We will get fucked up pretty much all the time living out here.
  And Florida, on the other hand, is just going to take about 100 years and then  we'll be completely fucked.
 But in the meantime, I guess, is OK.
  But yeah, this this type of shit does happen.
  So I don't know where they would put it that would keep it from from getting  fucked up.
 I think that's just the way of life out here.
  You know? Yeah.
  So it's well, they don't have like a Disney weather machine or anything.
  They don't have the money.
 No, no, they don't.
  I think so.
 That like we wait.
  Do you think Disney will ever get up to that?  Will they will they be the ones to spearhead like a carbon conversion  machine that's specifically over Orlando?  That's a good question.
 So, yeah, Disney, just purely out of a profit motive  will solve some aspect of global warming.
  Mm hmm.
 A big blimp that looks like Mickey and it looks like it's like ingesting  some substance, like he's getting out another.
  He's like he's like hot boxing or something like carbon.
  And then like a vaporizer.
  And then it tilts backwards and spits it up out of the  our atmosphere into space for us.
  Give me a hint of that carbon.
  Well, oh, yeah.
  But I mean, they could certainly afford to fund at least the research.
  They have all those crazy research relationships with like Carnegie Mellon or so.
  But like what peaks we've had behind the scenes.
  I have we have learned that it's like, yeah, this one the company pays for.
  It's a little expensive.
  This you can get on the app store.
  And it's like, oh, that's how you plan stuff.
  It's available on iOS just on the app store.
 I see.
  I will say, though, I think if you look at most of the corporations during covid,  we're going to have to have a much worse crisis before any of them step up and do a lot.
  So like they'll have to we'll have to be like melting from the sun.
  Like humans will be like half melted before like a corporation goes, huh?  Maybe we could use our money to do something.
  I can see them starting the Mickey atmospheric balloon program  and then laying everybody off right in the middle of it.
  I think that would maybe be the compromise they aimed for.
  Yeah, I think that's very possible.
  They just have one person who operates it like a drone.
  And that is otherwise they can fire 20,000 people.
  Yes.
 Or it's just Bob J.
  Pack operating it.
  It's just the guy.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, just one guy.
  Fly, Mickey.
  Um, I OK, what else is what else is in this place?  The we didn't say what Grizzly River's coupe.
  Oh, I was going to say Little Deuce Coupe is a teacup style ride  housed in a geodesic dome.
  That's pretty good.
  I'm not sure why that's a named after a car song, but why not?  A hip modern car song.
  Really? Yeah, no, no, Hipper song.
  A song that I once performed in a lip sync fashion with a Boy Scout troop.
  Really? Yeah, yeah.
  And there was a part that I, if you can imagine, spearheaded.
  You know what we should do?  You know what would be fun, fellow kids of 1995?  Do you have video of that?  I, you know, I should look into it because I can't deprive the audience of that.
  I do remember that there's a part about the pink slip daddy,  and then we all pulled out a little pink piece of paper.
  And I'm going to be red as I decide.
  Describe this.
  Well, my dad helps choreograph it.
  Oh, man.
  There's some great revelations on this episode.
  Yeah, great is one word.
  Mortifying is another.
  I can't not say it, though.
  Did we, did we, can I just confirm that the music of today area,  they eventually threw in the towel and renamed it Dewa Diddy City?  That's correct.
  Okay.
  That's right, yes.
  They just like Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do a very much more modern name.
  Yeah.
  Named after a more modern song.
  I was just looking the year end songs 1984.
  Number one, when doves cry Prince.
  What's love got to do with it?  Number two, say, say, say number three, footloose number four.
  Those were the songs of the day, just for context.
  So that's that's actually like that makes me feel better about the theming of this place,  because that's I guess with the exception of the print song,  those are extremely corny tunes.
  I think because I thought I thought like, I don't know,  when you think of songs of 1984, is that is that what you go to?  Do you immediately think does that make sense to you when you read that?  Or were you thinking of something else?  Well, I was thinking of like New Wave stuff,  but if I think about 1984, I'm probably thinking of stuff that wasn't as big of a,  I'm thinking of like what Elvis Costello was doing,  but he never really had a like he was never like number one on the charts or anything.
  Yeah, and I was thinking of like metal, you know?  Yeah, right.
  Jump was on the charts by Van Halen.
  Cool.
  You forget that pop music.
  I'm gonna sound like a real piece of shit.
  You forget that pop music has always sucked.
  And when you think back of stuff that was like,  like, oh, that's what this era was.
  It wasn't that.
  That's what either the cool shit was or the or maybe like the really uncool shit  that has since become cool.
  But the very tip toppy of the crop there was always kind of bad.
  So it makes sense that this was also bad and like poorly themed to me.
  Anyway, it was just a little older.
  Yeah, I mean, I think a little bit behind.
  I think the Grammys, if you watch a Grammys broadcast until about 1989,  it was still extremely like, you know, up with people.
  Is that the name of the great?  Is it like very like corny Starland vocal band?  Like shows at Opryland, honestly.
  It took a long time before things weren't lame as hell.
  It's almost like logic defying now that the Grammys would start  with a big Kendrick Lamar performance or something because like,  everything was 40 white people harmonizing.
  Like I think almost into the 90s, perhaps through still a lot of it.
  But even though like the way we look at it, I mean, I remember in high school,  like freshman or sophomore year in high school, this just sticks out in my mind so clearly.
  Comedy Central would show this commercial for like hits of the 80s,  like new wave hits of the 80s with clips from the music videos.
  And me and my dork friends just thought it was like the funniest thing we had ever seen.
  Like, can you believe this shit?  Like, you know, and then a few years later, Grand Theft Auto Vice City comes out  and then everyone's like, man, these songs are awesome.
  What happened to these?  Like we like framing device, the branding like totally worked on us  where it's like, man, the radio stations in this game rock.
  Yeah, I mean, cooler.
  I mean, if you look, I would say you would say a lot of that.
  I'm looking at the whole chart now.
  I think you would think a lot of the songs are cheesy.
  There's nothing like Break My Stride by Matthew Wilder, 27.
  That's the coolest song.
  Yeah, it's a corny, corny song.
  Also, what I keep thinking in my head is the solo on What's Love Got To Do With It, which is so.
.
.
  Like, what is that plate?  Is that a child's keyboard?  Is that played on a baby's toy?  I don't know what any of this shit, I don't know what any of the sounds were.
  My wife loves movies of this.
.
.
  I guess it's probably this era.
  Now, if I mention a movie that's not in this era, I'm gonna get my ass torn to shreds.
  But she loves the stuff from when we grew up that to me is very, very corny and unwatchable.
  I'll stream at night here on the computer.
  I'll go upstairs and she'll have, for instance, a Polly Shore movie on.
  I have no interest in watching that.
  Not even for ironic sensibility.
  Like, I just want to be out of the room when that stuff is on.
  And last night I walked up and she was watching Sister Act with the kids.
  And the kids couldn't follow it at all.
  But she was really enjoying herself.
  And I was like, God damn, this movie is so corny.
  At the end of the movie, I don't know if you guys have ever seen this,  At the end of the movie, Whoopi Goldberg is leading her choir of nuns in.
.
.
  Oh my God, I'm not gonna be able to remember the song.
  But it's a song.
.
.
  I will follow him or is that used earlier?  Maybe that is it.
  Yeah, I think that's it.
  Because the joke of the movie was often taking songs about men and making them about God.
  That was one of the running gags of the movie.
  So they were doing that.
  And then at the end, the Pope stands up and gives them a standing ovation.
  And Whoopi's like, hey, check this guy out.
  What the fuck?  This wasn't a movie theater?  I can't believe this shit.
  That's crazy to me.
  And that's what all this is.
  It's just, I can't believe people were doing it.
  Like kids, there were eight-year-old kids going, little deuce coop.
  And then like, Scott.
  It's me, yes.
  I'm the one.
  Proudly.
  Something truly for all ages.
  The term all ages meant something in this time period.
  Little kids and old people and everyone in between had the fucking exact same interests.
  What a nightmare.
  This, I think, is a good point to transition into a video that I have,  which might move us into a next general area to discuss.
  I have here, I will screen share.
  This is a clip from a special, from 1988 called Opryland 200 years of American music.
  Right now you're looking at Frankie Avalon.
  I was going to jump.
  I was going to show a really specific thing here,  but since with what we've been talking about, I feel like I should jump around.
  You'll just see random frames here, like a lot of people all doing the same dance on a big staircase,  which I think is in the Opryland Hotel.
  I mean, this is all ages entertainment big time.
  Just giant hair and giant earrings on Barbara Mandrell in a giant, giant shoulder gold drape.
  I mean, it's just hours and hours of the corniest, you know, he harsh stuff ever kind of hopping all  around the campus because I feel like there were like 20 different places to do shows at Opryland,  as well as the boat.
  We haven't talked about the boat yet.
  Oh, wow.
  It's still around.
  The boat's called the General Jackson and it's parked in the Opry Mills parking lot.
  You ever done it?  You ever been on the boat?  I've never been on the boat, never been tempted to go on the boat.
  It is, I think one time I accidentally got stuck in the little rounded driveway that the boat  like maintains that I was, I was like trying to get away.
  I was trying to go in the right lane.
  I accidentally got in there and I was like, oh, it looks like I'm going to get on the  fucking boat.
  I don't want to do this.
  And you know, kind of like peel out of there.
  But I've never been tempted by the General Jackson.
  Car got trapped on the boat.
  So it's a three hour loop filled with ragtime.
  Oh, no, I have to have all ages fun.
  Not if you blast metal from the car and just like keep laying on the horn until they stop.
  Has there been any talk of renaming this boat?  I'm going to guess no.
  I'm going to guess no.
  And in here, let me see if I get lucky.
  I'm going to play a second of the song and if it's part of the song that I'm thinking  of, then it'll make its point for me.
  If not, I will stop it.
  Here's a little sample from this Opryland musical special.
  Nope, it did it.
  It said it.
  This is a lot of people in shiny.
  There's those huge skirts like I was talking about.
  Big circle skirts flying up and they are waiting on the Robert E.
 Lee.
  Guys actually did see there.
  There was talk last year of renaming it to the HMS Paula Dean.
  So that's cool.
  Can I confirm it's Stonewall Jackson, not Andrew Jackson?  I would have to.
  I would guess, right?  I mean, six of one and the other.
  It's not much better, but if we could get Trump to tweet about this before he's  not president anymore, that would be.
  We'll make that a priority.
  Yeah, it'll be his main thing, I think.
  So that's a little taste of the special.
  Boy, this goes on.
  You get off the boat and marching bands are lit and then we go into the Opry.
  I think that was a little Lyle Lovett.
  No, not Lyle Lovett.
  That's a Chris Isma.
  Yeah, that's cool.
  Anyways, but what I was going to show was, of course, the rock and roll section.
  They jump all around the park.
  There's a Beach Boys performance.
  Most of these performances are by a very old man.
  Let me just get a taste of this.
  Is he singing like this to mock the Beach Boys?  He's also engaging in like Tim Conway-esque antics.
  He's on a rapid ride.
  The guy singing in this bad falsetto and it's sped up and he's with some, you know,  some gorgeous scrunchie wearing babes and they're getting splashed on the rapid ride.
  Your seersucker suit is going to get soaked, my man.
  You're crazy.
  Also, are you OK?  Like your voice?  I'm concerned.
  I'm concerned.
  What is that voice?  Every time that I am listening to some Beach Boys adjacent thing,  Aaron, my wife, who does not like the Beach Boys, always makes a point of saying,  this is what I hear when you play the Beach Boys.
  There's no difference to me.
  And I say, hey, let me play.
  You haven't really listened to little Deuce Coop.
  Here, put on some headphones.
  Anyways, then we get you mentioned Sister.
  This is a performance of the Supremes on the big log ride.
  But the main thing that I wanted to show, and I'll try to not spoil it here,  this despite it not being American music, of course, the Beatles are part of the fabric  of American music now.
  And this is how they pay tribute to it.
  And I'm going to have to jump in and narrate real fast because the characters who show up  are so delightful.
  I'll let you guys be surprised.
  But here we go.
  In 1964, England made a huge contribution to America's music.
  They sent us the Beatles.
  We're Sgt.
  Pepper's lovely hot blooded man.
  We hope you will enjoy the show.
  So let me stop real fast.
  This is the same.
  This is the old man in the seersucker suit who badly sang the Beach Boys.
  But now he's in a bad mop top wig and he's performing Sgt.
  Pepper with a cadre of characters.
  And the characters are all your favorite serial characters.
  The Lucky Charms leprechaun buzz the Honey Nut Cheerios bee and the Trix rabbit.
  Not present for whatever reason is Boo Berry or whatever the character's name is from that  serial.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  Count Chocula.
  Count Chocula is up on the side.
  Didn't mean to leave him out.
  This is the strangest little piece of tape I could imagine.
  He slides into a ball pit.
  He is muggy.
  He's so hard throughout this whole thing.
  Yeah, we did it.
  You're in a ball pit.
  Oh my God.
  Who is this guy?  I don't know.
  I didn't watch his introduction carefully enough to know.
  Is he the mayor?  It's a little treat for his 20th year in office.
  Anyway, this takes us into that.
  I got another way into this because there's several generations of great characters at  Opryland, but this is the strangest thing to me that you'd think.
  So Opryland, the home of country music, huh?  Yeah, that's right.
  And it's where you can take a picture with the Trix rabbit and Count Chocula.
  This is interesting because these characters, this is IP that has not been exploited thoroughly  at a theme park.
  At least with what we've come across thus far.
  This is the first time I'm seeing a theme park exploit them.
  Yeah, and they're great characters.
  I'm so excited they were at a theme park.
  Well-rounded characters that we all love.
  Some of our favorite characters in fiction, I would say.
  Jesse agrees.
  What's your fondness for them?  I'm just thinking of their backstories.
  Is there a canonical reason they're all there together?  I meant to understand this is a larger universe.
  What's happening with these guys?  There's a lot of questions I have because I'm just seeing this footage for the first time.
  I think they all are big music lovers for sure.
  Sure.
  They all love music.
  They love the sounds of today.
  I'm sure there'll be some movie that connects all of them together into a larger  universe just as Scoob recently tied in.
  Who else is in Scoob?  Now I can't remember.
  Scoob is a universe builder of a movie.
  The Birdman character?  I forget.
  The Birdman?  I haven't seen that.
  The Alcatraz?  Scoob introduces the Birdman of Alcatraz.
  I don't know why they're together.
  Is this like in Toontown that the Disney and the Warner Brothers characters all hang out?  Is there a mascot town where mascots all come from and only mascots are allowed?  Regardless of what brand you work for, you all hang out at a cafe or something?  Yeah, like a bar.
  Say for the whole.
.
.
  I'm there just dancing around.
  Obviously they work hard.
  They play hard too.
  That's what I love about Count Chocula.
  Count Chocula is always grinding is what I like.
  He wakes up in the morning.
  He's grinding and that's what he loves.
  On that grind.
  Here's a.
.
.
  At least share the screen again to show you how they were introduced to the general  public as being there.
  This is from the Tennessean newspaper.
  Opryland introduces Big G Breakfast Buddies.
  Big G and it's the General Mills G.
  For some reason on this show we like to say the phrase King Features Syndicates,  which is this boring corporate name that a lot of the comic strips are owned under.
  This is similar to me.
  Wow, mommy, it's the General Mills Big G Breakfast Buddies.
  Like nobody.
.
.
  It's a really mealy-mouthed corporate phrase.
  The Big G Breakfast Buddies.
  I've never heard of that phrase.
  I wonder if that's still something they refer to them as internally.
  I don't know.
  That's a good question.
  I mean it does.
.
.
  Now that we're seeing this, it does feel like.
.
.
  Why hasn't there been 10 movies about the Big G Breakfast Buddies?  Just looking at this picture, Count Chocula is straight up wearing high heels.
  He is in some Louboutins.
  Oh yeah.
  He is flexing right now on our asses and he looks great.
  Sorry, Boo Berry as well is wearing I feel like a flat.
  A woman's flat.
  He's got some high heels but women's shoes.
  A more conservative flat.
  Knows he's going to be on his feet all day.
  Possibly Buzz the Bee as well, maybe.
  I mean those are more like slippers or something.
  He's comfortable.
  That's a Trix rabbit, right?  Yeah.
  He's au naturel.
  Yeah, I think Boo Berry is in the Marge Simpson ones.
  They look pretty good.
  So you don't like Big G Breakfast Buddies.
  You feel like that's too stiff, too corporate.
  Okay, that's fine.
  What's your pitch on what to call all of the serial mascots when they get together?  Do you have a better idea of what to call them when they team up?  God, I don't.
  I just want that corporate.
.
.
  I just want that brand out of there, General Mills.
  But I guess I don't mind Breakfast Buddies.
  I guess Breakfast Buddies is okay.
  Yeah.
  Do we have a better one though?  I don't know if I do off the top of my head.
  I honestly, I think it's too.
.
.
  I want more of a King Features syndicate.
  I want it a little less specific.
  So I want it to be like Triangle Entertainment Presents.
  The characters.
  Like the General Mills Breakfast Consumption Ambassadors.
  That's still.
.
.
  That suggests something to me.
  That almost is.
.
.
  I want it to be so neutral.
  You can almost understand what you mean by that.
  Yeah, maybe try to obfuscate it even more.
  GM Consumption Concern.
  That's better.
  That's closer.
  Okay.
  That's good.
  I was thinking Sugar Mills Gang.
  Is that too clever by half?  Too cute.
  I think too cute.
  That suggests to me they're having fun and I can see how that might be interesting.
  I think it's General.
.
.
  Maybe General Concerns Properties.
  The General Mills.
.
.
  Yeah, Concerns.
  Maybe it's General Mills Concern.
  LLC.
  Yeah.
  That's good.
  And they each.
.
.
  One is a concern.
  They're not.
.
.
  We don't consider them a mascot.
  They're a concern.
  Yeah.
  They're concerns, yeah.
  Maybe a consortium.
  Oh yeah.
  That's good, but concerns is a little more vague.
  You don't know what that is.
  Extremely corporate.
  That's fair.
  Well, there's some adorable concerns and yeah, they are rocking some wonderful footwear.
  Our favorite concern in fiction is what we'll say from now on.
  Scott, did you come across the original characters?  Oh, you know it.
  I'm sad they had to go.
  You need characters as high and mighty as Count Chagula to top these,  because these are no slouches themselves.
  Sure.
  If everyone can see right here, all your favorite cartoon pals.
  We've got Delilah Dulsamer, Frankie Fiddle.
  We should say these are anthropomorphic musical instruments.
  Yes.
  Faces jammed in often between the strings.
  It's eyeballs and mouths poking out from behind strings  and with frets on their sides where ears would be.
  Kind of like nightmarish characters that would come to life in a horror movie,  if there was a horror movie about instruments that were murderers.
  It's some yellow submarine shit for sure.
  Yes.
  Barney Baggs, Yancey Banjo, and then they wanted to go home early,  so then they just went with Johnny Guitar.
  Did you call him Barney Baggs?  Huh?  Did you call him Barney Baggs?  Isn't it Barney Baggs?  Or Barney Bass?  Barney Bass.
  I was wondering.
  That's tough to read.
  It's pretty, yeah, it's pretty blurry, all the pictures.
  Yeah, I was wondering.
  That's true.
  I agree that the text could be clearer,  although the name is right next to an upright bass.
  Not a garbage bag full of musical instruments.
  Discarded broken instruments.
  Spirit of broken instruments.
  Barney Baggs.
  I don't think Barney Baggs is that bad.
  I don't know what nicknames they give their instruments,  their tools down at the Opry.
  Yeah, I play a bass guitar, also known as a bag.
  Yeah, what's your bag, man?  Maybe they were talking about a bass guitar that whole time, okay?  Austin Powers was talking about a bass guitar.
  His bag, baby.
  I want to say there's one who's not represented in your picture.
  If I could consult my list.
  Yeah, please.
  I just want to make sure they all get their due.
  Jose Mandolin.
  I don't know why he's not in the picture.
  I don't know why they cut out diversity.
  He's not allowed to be photographed,  but if you hear a mandolin, it's Jose.
  Got it, yeah.
  Do we like these characters?  Yeah, I like them.
  That's good to you.
  Okay.
  I like Johnny Guitar a lot.
  I will say that.
  Yeah, Johnny Guitar has a certain charm.
  Yeah, he's sort of.
.
.
  Jason, do we know, were these walk around?  They weren't, right?  There's no.
.
.
  They were just pictures.
  Yeah, I think they would be kind of horrific in 3D.
  Yeah.
  No, no, no.
  There were walk arounds.
  Oh, they were.
  I don't have a picture, but I.
.
.
  Yeah, well, I'll see if I can find it.
  But yeah, no, you could get your picture with Johnny Guitar.
  Well, that's going to really determine my feelings on them,  is how they held up in 3D.
  Okay.
  Wait here, I got it.
  Sharing the screen.
  Let's see.
  What do we think of the gang?  Opryland's musical characters.
  I'm a thumbs up now.
  They look better than I thought.
  They just look.
.
.
  They just exceed your expectations?  Yeah, I think they look much better in this picture  than they do in the cartoons.
  Yeah, they look a little more.
.
.
  I'm not going to say realistic, right?  Because that's not the right way of putting this.
  But they're not quite as fantastical.
  The drawing of them does make it seem like  there's no way they could possibly make this real.
  And by God, they did it.
  Yeah, and this is early mascot tech,  the earlier mascot technology as well.
  We should say for the listener,  it's extremely Sid and Marty Croft.
  It's very Lidsville, I would say.
  But I'm usually horrified by those things.
  And I really don't mind the gang here.
  It's pretty cool when you have these things  and you don't immediately go,  oh, their face is in the mouth.
  That's a pretty good bar to clear  is knowing that I'm not sure where these people's heads are, right?  I don't know.
  Yeah, not at all.
  Not obvious to me where these people exist  inside the body of the instruments.
  There could be like three people in each suit for all I know.
  Yep.
  Or no, or they're autonomously operated.
  They were, yeah, robots.
  They were alien technology robots that Operator Man had access to.
  Jesse, can I ask in general, do you have any,  is there like a, do you have a guilty pleasure  IP mascot that you like even where you go like,  well, I do have affection for this character from childhood?  That's interesting.
  An IP mascot.
  Okay, so we're thinking specifically one  that has been brought into the real world here.
  Yeah, probably.
  I mean, it could be, it's pretty open-ended.
  I mean, it could be like from a, yeah, food,  like a spokes character from a food or from a commercial  or even a walk around character, something like that.
  I don't think many of the product related ones speak to me.
  Although of course, I mean, like anyone else,  if I saw Count Chocula in person, I'd shit a brick.
  I mean, I'm only human,  but I can distinctly remember something from my childhood,  which I think is like maybe in my box of things  I go to immediately when I,  I start to get a big head sometimes about myself  and I got to remember, no, actually you're really stupid.
  And one of the things I go to to remind myself how stupid I am  is that I remember one Christmas, I feel like this was,  and I don't know if this is right or not,  but I remember thinking one Christmas I woke up  and there was a framed photo of me meeting Donatello,  the smart turtle from the Ninja Turtles.
  And at that time, for some reason,  I did not remember going to Disney,  it would have been Disney or I guess Universal, right?  No, Disney, they were in the parks for a little while.
  And then they were, okay.
  I didn't remember meeting him and having my photo taken.
  So I thought because I was so dumb  that Santa had somehow whisked me away  to have my photo taken while awake with the turtle.
  Then framed it and gave it to me as a Christmas gift.
  So I would say to answer your question,  I really liked the turtles so much so  that it almost drove me insane.
  Wow, really?  I had like a break in reality trying to figure out  how the picture of myself showed up for Christmas.
  So I really liked the turtles.
  That's interesting, you talk about the turtles  breaking someone's brain.
  As you look behind me, there are just all Ninja Turtle toys  pointing guns at my back.
  So yeah, they've broken a lot of brains.
  Yeah, well one of them seems to be  sort of a sexual predator as well,  but the rest of them seem just like straight up violent  threads.
  Oh, Trenchco Raphael.
  Trenchco Raphael, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, they're all, by the way, they're all violent.
  They all have the power to kill.
  They do, they do.
  They've established that in the films, yeah.
  Could I pick apart that notion more,  and I know you don't defend it,  but just to get into it even more thoroughly,  that it was the night, I guess, Christmas Eve  that Santa absconded with you and then took a daytime photo  that you weren't cognizant of?  Yeah, in retrospect, there's a lot of pieces of it  that don't really fit together.
  To me, it was Occam's Razor, right?  I don't remember having this photo taken.
  It's Christmas.
  How else could this possibly have occurred?  And I think to that extent, you say, well, Santa did it,  and you just put it in the Santa box and go on about your life  and not examine maybe what's wrong with your brain  at such an early age.
  And also, if you are not necessarily a magic believer,  365 days of the year, maybe you're like,  as you get to be an older kid, you're like,  I know there's no magic except for the one day  where there is magic.
  Right, right.
  Although, Santa has to do stuff during the other days too.
  It's not inconceivable that he stopped by  one August afternoon and said,  you know, sprinkled some elf dust over my face and said,  you know, and I guess you'd also have to imagine  that to Santa Claus, it seemed like it would be a better gift  not to meet Donatello, but to simply have a photo  of meeting him.
  So I'm not sure that that really tracks  as far as what a child would like to have.
  So I don't know, not a lot of it works.
  There wasn't like a big conversation.
  You didn't kind of get into it.
  He didn't teach you anything.
  Or if he did, you know, it's yet to be uncovered.
  Maybe one of those things he sort of planted  and I'll rediscover in my 50s, just maybe right when I need it.
  I mean, knowing Donatello, I mean,  he's the smartest one after all.
  Of course, I gotta assume he's got my best interest in mind.
  You'd have to hope at least.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Of course, he wasn't wearing a trench coat.
  So I assume everything was on the up and up.
  It's trustworthy.
  I'm like some turtles.
  Here's another piece of IP using a different coat.
  Just a really quick flash here of a character  they had in the early 90s called Professor UBSmart.
  I'm not really sure what his deal was in general,  but he's got, you know, like thick round glasses.
  He's driving some kind of car around.
  And to me, he looks exactly like David Cross.
  He is so David Cross-esque.
  I was gonna say he's got a very McFeely,  Mr.
 McFeely vibe as well.
  Sure.
  Mr.
 Rogers.
  Certainly.
  I don't know.
  We'll post this photo.
  If you're the kid in the photo  or if you know what Professor UBSmart did,  let us know.
  Let's see.
  I mean, that's the IP.
  Look, the IP, that's really where I fell in love with this place.
  You can, I think, judge a park,  especially based on their IP.
  I mean, two fantastic generations.
  I just have to applaud them for it.
  Yeah.
  I really like that all the rides  seem like something Cotton Hill would yell in anger.
  The Wabash Cannonball.
  Grizzly River Rampage, Bobby.
  Close to Grizzly River Run.
  Yes, a different rapids ride.
  Another Disney ride.
  Oh.
  But the Grizzly River Rampage  has the unique fact that it was, for one year,  used as a course in the Nation's Bank Whitewater Championships,  which in 1995 alone served as a qualifier for the 96th Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
  What?  Wow.
  Wait, so they ran?  They whitewater rafted down this rapids course,  this rapids layout.
  And you could qualify for the Olympics, potentially.
  And they relocated that thing to Kentucky Kingdom.
  I believe so, yeah.
  Yeah, a lot of these rides, we relocated to other parks, eventually.
  We sold to Six Flags.
  So wait, that doesn't count, though.
  A rapids ride?  That's like, doesn't have to be regulation somehow.
  Well, you just fill, you turn on the rapids and you put in your own raft and you do it.
  I guess so.
  In the Olympics, you're not going to face a big fake bear.
  Scott is in his whitewater rafting bag once again.
  Here we go.
  It's time for the big rant.
  Let's hear it, Scott.
  We need standards in our whitewater rafting Olympics events.
  You can't just pick these courses willy-nilly.
  They're at a thousand times.
  Look, there should be a bear involved in every different trial at the Olympics.
  And just at the Olympics, I'd say too.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, there's a threat of bear in every event.
  Jason, do you have more rides you were going to list?  No, I think we talked about most of the other ones.
  I mean, these were all made by Arrow or Intamin.
  These were made by big ride manufacturers.
  It's not like they just homemade these out of nothing.
  Some of them look good, but do you think that they weren't good?  I think in when we were DMing, I think you referred to some of the rides as,  quote, hick shit.
  Yeah.
  For me, the entertainment is pure hick because it's fiddles and all those other.
  I mean, walking by and seeing someone playing a fiddle and then sitting down and then continuing  to watch them play the fiddle is unimaginable to me.
  I don't know what state of mind you could possibly be in  that you would want to do that, although I know many people do.
  I think the rides were perfectly adequate for that era.
  Again, the appeal to me is essentially nil of getting in a big log and going down a thing  and then my feet get all wet.
  That's not, I don't want that to happen because I'm not at a water park.
  I don't want to be wet.
  So I don't really understand water parks over here.
  You stay wet.
  Normal park over here.
  You stay dry.
  That makes sense to me.
  But there was a lot of getting wet at this at Opry land for sure.
  Roller coasters.
  I mean, the rock and roller coaster, I think was like,  I think that was like a legit roller coaster for a while.
  And maybe now it's been employed as sort of a throwback.
  Like wasn't this cute what we used to think was fun or whatever.
  But I think at the time, I think it probably held its own.
  It's still around.
  It's let me look.
  I have it here.
  It's operate.
  It's the cannon blaster at Great Escape in Queensbury, New York.
  Yes.
  So people get on that now and it's like they're not dead and they're not,  you know, like, bored, I guess, you know?  So that's that's legitimate.
  You don't granted you don't go up and like you don't like what's the one?  I remember the ride I went on as an adult was the one where you go extremely fast  and then you sit here for a minute and then some people like hold a penny  and they're like, wow, look at the penny floating and then they go back down.
  Is that the Hulk or Superman or something like that?  There's the Superman in Magic Mountain is like that.
  OK, because you're saying it's just sort of a ramp up and then you go back.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's not that that that to me is the modern ride,  although now I guess the modern ride is like there's a screen.
  I really don't I don't know what the tech of modern rides is.
  I guess I'm showing my ass.
  I don't know what's supposed to be good now.
  Well, I think I look the classics are still good, but, you know, there's different like  there's a there's a roller coaster themed around the Ninja Turtles in a mall in New Jersey.
  Wow.
  That like tips you up and then like like makes you go.
  How do you describe it?  It goes like 270 degrees.
  It's 200.
 It's not a straight down drop.
  It drops you like less curves a little.
  Yeah.
  Curves inside to make you feel like you're really going to die.
  Oh, my God.
  And that's like more modern.
  That big mall built in a county with blue laws.
  So they build a massive, largely empty mall that cannot open on Sundays.
  Ah, the more the mall can't be open on Sundays.
  I think shops in East Rutherford, New Jersey is where it is.
  This is the American Dream Mall.
  And it opened.
  This took decades to build.
  We did a whole episode about it.
  It took decades to build, then opened like two weeks before COVID hit.
  And now is like pseudo open sometimes maybe.
  But yeah, they can't be open one of the days.
  Week.
  That ain't good.
  And also, I was just going to say Disney's innovation for Rock and Roller Coaster was  adding the greatest American rock and roll band Aerosmith.
  Oh, it's the Aerosmith ride now?  That's what it is.
  It is.
  Just the same name.
  Rock and Roller Coaster is Aerosmith.
  It has Aerosmith music.
  It's been that way since it opened.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Agreement, disagreement on that phrase.
  Greatest American rock and roll band.
  Well, it's the music of today.
  That can't be denied.
  Absolutely.
  Yes, that's true.
  Should we talk, since you bring up a mall, it's hard to go backwards when you bring up a mall.
  Can we talk about what is there today?  Which is Opry Mills.
  I guess the solution to it seems like just a purely cold calculated business decision  that maybe the park is limited at a certain point.
  We do have to employ all of these people.
  This may be due to tons of ride operators and tons of performers and stuff.
  What if we cut all that out and we just open up a big mall?  They did, and it is a Mills Mall.
  I have complained about Mills Malls before because they have no aesthetic.
  I was trying to think how to describe the Mills Malls.
  I think it's like the tunnels underneath Disney World that connect everything that  the public never sees.
  It's like, what if that was the mall?  What if a bunker was a place where people go?  Yeah, to me, Opry Mills, the original aesthetic was I think significantly worse pre-flood  because it leaned.
  It was also just older and that's just the way things go.
  It's updated, it looks a little bit better for my modern eyes, I guess.
  But it did seem at the time to be a little more emphatic on the idea, not just being  an outlet mall but having these weird, kitschy places inside of it.
  In fact, I was looking at some of the early ads for Opry Mills and they emphasized things  that of course haven't been in there in forever.
  But we're like one-offs and I'm struggling to think of one now.
  But if you've been to any of these big outlet malls, you know it's not just like,  here's the Old Navy that we have at the outlet mall.
  Here's the, I mean, not even Gucci, but what's two tiers below Gucci?  Here's the Swarovski we have here at the mall and it's a little bit different or whatever.
  But they were also trying to be like, here's 3,000 square feet of fucking, I don't know,  pretzels or whatever the fuck, whatever weird shit you would put in a mall like that,  that seemed to be the focus.
  And whereas now it's more like a legit, it's more like a normal mall,  just eight times as big as it ever should be.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They're so mammoth, every Mills.
  It is such a workout to do the entire loop.
  It is, yeah.
  It's legitimately very difficult to see everything in there, not that you would want to,  because it's like some of it literally repeats from side to side.
  And the aesthetic, I think the aesthetic of it now is like hotel room or hotel lobby or whatever,  where a lot of times you go into a hotel and you go, I can tell this was expensive.
  It just doesn't, it's not cohesive in any way.
  It's just like, that's an expensive light fixture.
  That carpet was more expensive than it should have been.
  Maybe that's like a piece of marble that looks really shiny.
  But then you put it all in the same room and you just go, I don't know.
  It's just like, I don't know what this is.
  Who's this for?  And that mall is now built next to a massive hotel with a giant atrium covering much of it.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Opryland is the land of contrast.
  Yeah, I've stayed in Opryland hotel a couple of times.
  That looks good to me.
  Like I watched a long boring video about all the amenities of the hotel and it looks great.
  I think it has my, my official review is that it has seen better days.
  I don't know if it is coincidental that it, that it happens to seem that way.
  Once it's been taken over by Marriott and has had this massive corporate overhaul,  or maybe I just got a old room when I stayed.
  I don't know, but also got flooded.
  Don't forget that.
  Hard to bounce back from that.
  Sure.
  The atrium is legitimately very, very cool.
  If you've never seen it before, this is a, it's, I guess it's probably fair to say it is a  convention center first and foremost, which explains the huge footprint of the place.
  And then it is a hotel that is attached to this convention center as well.
  And the hotel does have in the middle where you, and you can access this from the slightly more  expensive rooms, the balcony rooms overlook this atrium.
  And it's just like, I mean, it's like an indoor rainforest.
  Basically there's like a manmade little stream through there.
  There's waterfalls in there and just a massive number of plants that have no business really  being in Nashville, it seems like.
  And so along with that, you get, I mean, you get the humidity of obviously what that's like  having all those plants in there, but honestly it's pretty cool.
  It's pretty novel and it's kind of interesting, but it is, it's also like,  it's a microcosm of what I, what I find like, what I think about theme parks or Disney world  in particular, which is, wow, look at this like beautifully curated flora that we're enjoying  right now.
  What better to compliment this than a $21 slice of the worst pizza I've ever had in my life  brought to my room, you know, by somebody who looks like they hate my guts.
  So that is, that to me is like the experience of Opryland, which is, I think, I mean, that's a  huge fucking bummer.
  Well, don't count out all the cool things that could potentially, that at least at one point  were available in that atrium, which is that there was a like night show, like a world of color,  like a Disney fountain show where they lit fountains up and they danced to music, which looked  really cool.
  And then also in that hotel atrium, you could see a performance by Lloyd Lindroth,  who seems to be my favorite Mr.
 Show character, Lloyd Lindroth.
  The king of the harp.
  I think this guy, he's like, he's harp Liberace is what he is.
  Wow.
  Look at Lloyd Lindroth.
  He's like a pink, like sparkly cut, like a nudie suit, would you say, would that be an accurate  nudie suit adjacent?  I think a little bit nudie suit.
  People are thrilled right now to be meeting the Lloyd Lindroth.
  This woman's losing her mind.
  He's dressed like flabber from Big Bad Beetleborgs.
  This is exciting is meeting flabber.
  So, you know, that's cool.
  Don't don't.
  You're right.
  And now Lloyd Lindroth.
  It brings a lot to the table.
  Opryland Hotel does, man.
  And that's I mean, that is huge as well.
  Like that's I mean, the mall is very, very big.
  But walking around the hotel itself is also like a real chore walking around that fucking place.
  It's not I mean, it's not interesting at all.
  Long walk with nothing interesting to do.
  It was at one point one of the 30 largest hotels in the world.
  So yeah, pretty, pretty massive.
  Well, and I think also if you compare it to other hotels of its size,  it's really big for not having a casino attached to it,  which is those are the places that I'm used to getting into those hallways.
  It's like, oh, this wasn't meant to be anything.
  If you ever if you ever walk around  like Caesars or the Bellagio, like some of the really massive hotels in Vegas,  I want to go somewhere.
  It's three miles from where I am right now.
  So I'll get to walking.
  And in the meantime, you'll see like these these entire corners of the building that are very  minimally themed or just like it's just carpet and just lights.
  And that's it.
  It's like this is for the roof line or something.
  It just exists here and there's nothing to do except for like sit down and plug your phone in.
  It seems to exist purely to be vacuumed.
  Do you know what I mean?  And that's that's what a lot of corners of the Opera Land hotel are like.
  There's no one in here.
  There's no one eating here.
  There's nothing going on.
  You're just walking through.
  And I hope I hope there's a camera here in case I get attacked.
  Like there's no other reason for this to exist.
  Does it still connect to like the downtown like the entertainment district by water taxi?  Because that was something that like they did at some point, right?  Like they were trying to redo the entertainment district  simultaneously as they're redoing like the Opera Land property.
  Those words don't make any sense to me the way that you put them together.
  I don't know.
  No, I believe you.
  I believe that at one time that something someone said, I just don't even know.
  I wouldn't know, first of all, because I don't go downtown.
  So it would never exist to me.
  It's like, but you love Kid Rock's big ass honky tonk at steakhouse.
  I mean, you're wearing.
  Yeah.
  Well, this is what I'm saying.
  Why would I ever want to take a taxi?  I'm never leaving the fucking joint.
  Okay.
  You also love getting covid over and over again.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of good to do.
  Yeah.
  It's like it's a daredevil.
  Let me see how many times I can get it and survive.
  That is actually a huge deal with the guy specifically who owns that place.
  He's like a big asshole.
  I mean, obviously he's a big guy.
  That's obvious, right?  But Kid Rock or like his like regional brand manager.
  His business partner.
  Yeah.
  Kid Rock and his business partner have made a lot of people mad or happy, I guess,  depending on which type of guy you are.
  But that's yeah.
  The whole downtown shutdowns, which of course never really happened in earnest here at all,  which I know is very different from out there at least.
  Yeah, that guy is a big piece of shit and really wants people to come down there and get sick.
  And I think one of the cool things is a lot of people are obliging and are doing it.
  So that's interesting.
  Anything you say, Kid Rock's business partner.
  This guy sounds like a guy up our alley.
  We love our nefarious corporate greed mongers.
  I want to know more about this guy.
  Yeah, he owns a lot of that shit.
  Can I seg into like, you know, there's talk about real quick COVID and like, you know,  Santa photo ops.
  How, you know, how is that going to work in this time or whatever?  And I think they've actually cracked it at one of the restaurants.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  No, no.
  Okay.
  So there's a restaurant at the mall at the Opry Mills called the, let me look.
  It's called Aquarium Restaurant.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  Loved the name.
  I looked this up too.
  And I was like, there's got to be more, right?  No, it's Aquarium Restaurant.
  Aquarium Restaurant.
  It's owned by Landry's.
  Yeah.
  And our buddy Tilman Fertitta, one of our favorite nefarious corporate weirdos.
  And it's, it kind of looks like cool here.
  Let me see if I can, I'll bring this up.
  You know, it kind of looks rainforest cafe ish.
  Yep.
  Let me, I'll share the screen here.
  Um, just so you can get a vibe.
  Definitely like a cousin, you know, there's a lot of rainforest cafes or sort of a couple  dozen.
  There's like four aquarium restaurants.
  Yeah.
  So like you go, oh, this is kind of cool.
  The ceiling looks cool.
  There's big tanks with fish.
  Coral reef world.
  So let me show you a picture of how they figured out how to crack the issue with, uh,  having kids meet Santa.
  And here's what they landed on.
  Yes.
  Oh boy.
  Santa is in the tank with the fish in a full Santa suit.
  And the kids just go up to the tank and wave at him.
  He does have oxygen.
  He does have oxygen.
  He's not, yeah, he's not holding his breath.
  And gloves and Santa's white gloves and suit.
  He's just in the regular suit.
  It's not a, a Santa fide scuba suit.
  It's just the cloth and the wool.
  Yeah.
  It looks like an accident.
  Yeah.
  Tell him.
  It looks like he's saying help.
  Kids, please.
  If you want another Christmas, if you ever want to meet Donatello.
  So on the official, on the website, it says mail your letter to Santa and keep a close  eye on the aquarium tank.
  You may see him swimming with our fish.
  Ruining your letter.
  Whoops.
  I guess this is what I didn't, didn't read it.
  Just get you some socks.
  How about that?  Now I will say they have figured out Santa to keep Santa safe.
  But the restaurant is just open and it's also a buffet.
  So Santa will be safe.
  Wow.
  So I've eaten at that aquarium restaurant a couple of times.
  Oh boy.
  And.
  It ain't too too good.
  No, never.
  No.
  But the rainforest, it's, it's as good as rainforest cafe, right?  Which many more people have had.
  It's, it's, it's quite bad food.
  It's on the level of.
  I regret bringing up zoos twice because it sounds like that's the only place I've ever  been.
  This guy fucking loves the zoo.
  It's like zoo food, which is it's, it's like 40 to 50, 50 to 60 percent of the food.
  Which is it's, it's like 40 to 50 percent more expensive than it should be and like 40  to 50 percent less good than it should be.
  So like even french fries kind of suck and they cost $9.
  That's basically the, the realm of aquarium, except with it, with a bonus, which is that  it's mostly seafood, which is already way more expensive than it should be at most chain  restaurants.
  So, I mean, you, you can really legitimately sit down at the aquarium and with four people,  which is what I would have been doing with myself, my wife, my two children.
  You legitimately could sit down at that restaurant and eat.
  I mean, uh, like $40 worth of food for $130.
  I mean, it's, it's not at all difficult to do that type of shit there and it fucking  stinks, but the fish are very cool.
  Yeah.
  And.
  Okay.
  And that's the Tillman for Tito promise.
  The, the, the aquarium is like really well done as far as I know.
  I'm not an aquarium guy.
  I'm a geologist as we established earlier, but it's, um, the, one of the things there  is we went somewhat recently, like after the big flood that caused them to refurbish the  whole mall and the waiter there told us somewhat credibly, I feel that because the place was  so flooded, they were not able to get in and rescue any of the animals.
  So by the time they got back, there was one remaining and it was the one that had eaten  all of the other fish in the aquarium.
  I mean, it sounds somewhat apocryphal, but also I know it was flooded for a really long  fucking time.
  So that makes sense.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  That's what happens.
  It's that one.
  It's not like he killed himself.
  Like he was, you know, he didn't, he didn't let, I mean, he didn't, he was in there for  a long time.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That one, the 12 foot tall fish.
  He ate Santa.
  Oh my God.
  That's incredible.
  Yeah.
  The weed.
  Well, there's also, there were mermaids.
  I think they do that.
  Right.
  Did you see mermaids at the aquarium restaurant?  I don't think I've seen the mermaids in there.
  I've seen the people who clean.
  So they go in to clean.
  It's big enough that you do go in to clean it.
  Right.
  So that is kind of fun.
  That's to me, the entertainment equivalent of a mermaid because you're sort of like,  there's not very much you can, I mean, you can kind of like, I mean, we're people, right?  We're not fish.
  We can kind of move our arms a little bit, but that's pretty much it.
  I mean, otherwise she might as well be cleaning a rock while she's in there.
  I don't know.
  Two birds with one stone.
  Why not?  And they have to hold their breath or there's like hidden oxygen, like tanks where they  can take a quick breathe.
  And oh, that, oh, cause I was concerned.
  You watch a video and you're like, this is too much.
  Are they trained?  Are they trained in like anti-torture methods?  How else are they under here?  So yeah, I think they have to train a lot.
  It says on the website, people are always asking us about our mermaids.
  Click here for fun facts about what it takes.
  Oh, and then it's, it's like job.
  Like they tell you if you want to work this job.
  And then, and then not a link, but it says, go to the restaurant, fill out an application.
  If you want.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  You have 50 yard butterfly stroke time swim, 200 yards timed underwater endurance evaluation.
  There's also a performance evaluation in the exhibit.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Now it says what kind of, oh, sorry, Jason, go ahead.
  Oh, I was going to say it does make a point to say the mermaids are not all scuba dive certified.
  That's a little alarming.
  And then it tells you what you would have to swim with.
  And there's a big list of fish, like a butterfly fish, assorted tangs, a look down jacks and  tessellated eels.
  Okay.
  Somebody was having a little bit of fun in the website copy room.
  Come on.
  Those aren't real.
  That's not real.
  Such thing as a test.
  Eels can't be tessellated.
  Come on.
  That's outrageous.
  I, Tilman Fertitta creations.
  Yeah.
  You know, in the, yeah, Tilman Fertitta came up last year in our downtown Disney ordeal,  the owner of the Rainforest Cafe and many other restaurants.
  So I think Bubba Gump's too.
  And I didn't have, I didn't want to go down a big rabbit hole here, but I was just like,  I know it's been kind of a year for Tilman Fertitta and things have been rough for him  with the Houston Rockets.
  I forget what exactly, but I was like, I just have here three random recent headlines about this,  this man and this great restaurateur.
  Tilman Fertitta supporting Trump, leading to revolts among Rockets players.
  Rockets owners is from March, right at the beginning of the pandemic.
  Rockets owner Tilman Fertitta is the worst type of boss.
  And then over the summer Rockets Tilman Fertitta's family has deep mob ties.
  Just get better and better with this dude.
  Huh?  Yeah.
  That's, I didn't know that he owned Landry's, although I of course have heard as well.
  I mean, the player dissatisfaction with him, I think is, I mean, maybe a little convenient given  what the other 29 billionaire owners must be like.
  I mean, yeah, yeah.
  They're just like slightly, they're 1% quieter, but all pieces of shit.
  Yeah.
  I think maybe you go in there blind a little bit on those guys, but I do know that, I mean,  his fortune has decreased substantially as a result of the pandemic and all that.
  And that's, that's very understandable.
  I didn't know that he owned Landry's, which like you said, owns the aquarium and what else?  There's, there's a bunch of it.
  He also owns claim jumper, which is in Opry Mills as well.
  Which I actually liked, but now I haven't been in a couple of years, but now I feel like I've  soured on based on his, on his associate, not like there's a good restaurant tour.
  I guess I should support, but I thought the restaurant was pretty good.
  I did one like a year ago.
  I thought it was like the worst restaurant I've been to in the recent past.
  Yeah.
  Might've just been Mike's might've just been the ah, ah, juice sandwiches, but that's any indication.
  I have affection for it, but I wouldn't recommend it.
  Yeah.
  I like it.
  There's one right over here by the Warner Brothers lot in an office building.
  That's the one.
  Yeah.
  And the TBS headquarters.
  We should say also that the TNN headquarters used to be on this campus.
  Remember the Nashville network?  Sure.
  They used to broadcast.
  That's why family feud broadcasted from the, with the special guests, the Stadler brothers  bringing us back to the beginning.
  TNN, the Nashville network became, I remember it mainly for showing Dallas reruns.
  Then it became Spike TV where it mainly showed Manser's reruns.
  Then it became the Paramount network where it mainly collapsed and died, I think.
  It had bar rescue.
  It's got bar rescue reruns.
  Yeah.
  Cause I keep wanting to watch bar rescue and then I'm like, where is it?  What's it streaming on?  All right.
  The one that you can't get to the one with the content moat.
  Nevermind.
  I will never watch bar rescue.
  Well, the great thing about bar rescue here is that if you want to pirate bar rescue,  which I would never recommend doing.
  If you wanted to do that for some reason, bar rescue has completely fucked up on TV database.
  This is one of the things that gets up my ass all the time.
  TV database on bar rescue is fucked because they kept doing this shit where they would say,  this is part three of season two when it was actually part one of season four.
  And all of the episodes overlap and you can't get the fucking episodes because  nobody knows what fucking season it is.
  It's a nightmare.
  Some seasons were 10 episodes long and other seasons were like 80.
  It makes no sense.
  Yeah, that's annoying.
  That's my bar rescue rant of the day.
  I appreciate hearing such a niche that would absolutely bother me.
  And you're not alone.
  And I guess there's multiple ways that trying to watch bar rescue is trouble.
  Yes.
  I think he wouldn't.
  John would be furious about all of this.
  This season is only 80 minutes long.
  One's 10 episodes, one is 80.
  Confusing people.
  You can't stream it anywhere.
  He'll talk with Trump about it, of course, because he's another Trump guy.
  He loves Trump.
  He interviewed him on his podcast.
  What?  Oh my God.
  Like recently?  I didn't know that.
  Three weeks ago.
  Three weeks ago he sat down with him.
  Does he literally post, does anyone have any questions for the president?  No, I can't think of any.
  Thank you though.
  Thanks John.
  Excited for Taffer's Tavern.
  What cocktails will you have on tap?  Okay.
  That was going to say the Santa thing in the aquarium was interesting.
  When you were talking about how they had figured out how to meet Santa,  I was like, oh, he's about to talk about Bass Pro.
  Because that's where I had seen the Santa innovation with the big plexiglass shield,  was at Bass Pro, which around here is a massively big deal.
  It is now an anchor store in Opry Mills.
  It wasn't always, but now it is.
  I think it's the only store.
  No, it's one of two, if I remember correctly, that you can't get to from inside the mall.
  Or it did have a separate entrance.
  Maybe now you can get in through the mall.
  If you look at the satellite of Opry Mills,  you can see there are millions of boats out front.
  Someone's going to the mall to buy a boat, which is very strange.
  But I guess probably happens.
  I think that's where I saw the thing about the plexiglass.
  There's also the big Bass Pro shops, which we actually would be going to,  I think, this holiday season in Memphis, which is in the site of the old pyramid  where the Grizzlies played for a time.
  But it also has this weird kitschy appeal where people thought it was haunted  or run by the mob and all this stuff.
  But it's a very cool, I mean, literally just a big great glass pyramid on the Mississippi River  and is now a Bass Pro shops with, I think, the largest freestanding elevator in North America.
  We would go down there.
  We've been there for the holidays once before and they always have a big Santa thing.
  Of course, now we're not going to do it.
  But that's our idea of a good time is going to a big Bass Pro.
  Not that we don't do anything outdoors, but it's a cool place.
  It's another thing that's like this, which is like a cool place to look at  because somebody tried really hard to make it look like something and it mostly worked.
  You know, yes.
  I have stayed at the hotel.
  Yes.
  In the pyramid.
  Yeah, we have stayed at the hotel a couple of times and it's like,  I mean, you talk about theming.
  It is impeccably themed as a wilderness lodge, like really, really nicely done on the inside.
  And it's only the hotel itself is only three levels.
  And I mean, because obviously it's a pyramid, so you can only go up so high in the fucking thing.
  The wilderness lodge in a pyramid.
  This is great.
  It's incredible.
  It's absolutely incredible.
  They have they have like little crocodiles in there.
  And of course, I mean, all of the camo shit you could ever want to barf on.
  But, you know, Memphis itself is a really great place to visit.
  And so we would go down there.
  And actually, my wife did get roped into buying a room that came with a  I'm trying to think of a way to phrase it where we got a discount on a room for this year last year.
  If we sat through a timeshare presentation.
  And this is something that I would never have done.
  And she did because she was like, we're going to come here anyways.
  It's so much fun.
  The girls love coming here for the holidays.
  They do Christmas so big here.
  We'll see Santa will do all this fun stuff.
  We get these gift cards and we get a discount on the room.
  It's perfect.
  Of course, we're not going to buy anything.
  It doesn't matter.
  And I'm like, okay, that's not what I wanted to do.
  But okay, we've got a year to do it.
  And then this year happened and I guess it's just like money down the toilet now.
  Because they're not going to let me cancel, you know?  Oh, yeah, never if they have some of your money.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, geez.
  Yeah, we've this came up recently.
  I've been curious about this pyramid, but never done the deep dive.
  We were asking for examples of like crazy, epicottish architecture recently.
  Somebody brought this up and I was like, oh, this is an episode for sure.
  And you're confirming this more.
  Oh, yeah.
  Got to check out this pyramid.
  Do that on your Branson loop.
  Go there.
  Get some ribs and hang out at the big pyramid.
  It's a fucking hoot, man.
  That's really cool.
  Well, either do we wait until COVID is over to do the loop or do we just go do it right now?  Because everything's right.
  You could probably do a lot of this, couldn't we?  Be cheap.
  Everything would be cheap.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah, it would essentially be no different.
  Everyone else is doing it out here, so there would be no disruption in service.
  I think my game plan is to low bar the Farrar family and I will use their credits.
  So they're like, well, we don't lose all the he's it's a bad offer,  but at least we don't lose everything.
  Yes, that would be great.
  And then maybe you actually do want to buy the timeshare.
  I mean, we don't know.
  I mean, it could be a great deal.
  It could be anything.
  The timeshare.
  We know for a fact it's an investment.
  Pass that down to your kids.
  Yeah.
  We've been going a while.
  We'll wrap it up.
  But I have one more thing that like a truly unique experience that can only be found  in the Opry Mills Mall.
  And I'm excited to share with you guys.
  So that many as we've established, many of the great restaurants,  slash entertainment brands are in Opry Mills.
  You get your Dave and Buster's there too, a Chili's and a Chewie's,  everything you could want.
  But there's also a Madame Tussauds.
  These are fairly common.
  They're around here.
  You have the added specificity of country music.
  You've got your Kid Rock wax figure, not his crooked business partner yet,  but hopefully someday.
  But you know, so it's more a country influenced group of wax figures you can go see.
  And that includes a recent rising country star, Darius Rucker of Hootie and the Blowfish,  and now recently a big country star.
  So there is a Darius Rucker wax figure.
  What's the big deal, you ask?  You just take a picture with him.
  There's a myriad of those who cares.
  Not so fast.
  This is the first ever wax figure that includes screen mapping technology.
  This is a thing that's in theme park world a lot.
  You put a projection show on the castle.
  Or I guess there's Disney characters where you project onto their face,  but not deployed by Madame Tussauds until Darius Rucker.
  And so Darius Rucker comes to life, talks to you,  and tells you about the process that goes into making a wax figure.
  And we'll put these on Twitter.
  This will have more impacts, I think, to look at than to hear about,  but you guys just need to see the progression here.
  So, you know, here's regular stuff.
  That's just that's Darius and wax Darius.
  Yeah, that'll make sense to my brain.
  Yes, so far.
  Yes, very accurate.
  Here he is being sculpted, and it's a little, you know, creepy, of course,  but nothing out of the ordinary.
  Crazy talent by the sculptor.
  I mean, that's incredible.
  Yeah, I mean, this is a very good looking.
  I feel like Madame Tussauds recently are pretty impeccable.
  I don't knock their work, but then we start getting into the screen.
  Here is Darius watching with some skepticism.
  A oddly brightly lit version of himself.
  He seems like scared of his own visit.
  He looks like he looks like when Jimmy Kimmel did Karl Malone.
  That's not good.
  It's like blackface Jimmy Kimmel.
  Yes.
  Oh, no.
  That is very unnerving.
  It's yes, or the crank yankers puppet version.
  Yes, he looks like he looks like a crank yanker puppet.
  So what does this look like without the screen?  Hold on.
  Do it.
  You're heading to it.
  Okay.
  Oh, no, it's like cats.
  Wow.
  Yes.
  Very good description.
  Here he is being made.
  Here's like all of this, like a bunch of storyboards,  like different expressions that Darius Rooker can make.
  And they all look so alarmed.
  It looks like these are all like figures that have come to life inside the computer  and they want out.
  They're begging to be killed.
  And all of this made, by the way, not for nothing,  on a Mac with a full size toolbar that does a dock that does not disappear  when you mouse away from it.
  That's a huge oversight to your productivity.
  I mean, you're taking up a full 10% of the screen.
  Yeah, you're right.
  That's massive.
  No one's adjusted that size.
  It's only basic apps on there.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah.
  And you got updates to do in the app store.
  And they're only using like PDFs and QuickTime player.
  This is being achieved with the most basic Mac technology.
  Yeah, it makes sense actually now that you point that out.
  Yeah, no, it makes you have all it all adds up.
  Look at his crooked mouth on this one picture.
  It's like his mouth is trying to escape his face.
  Oh, man.
  Then we keep going.
  This one's very disturbing.
  I think this is part of a progression where like his skin tone is being painted on.
  So like he's blank and then like his texture's being filled in like an hourglass and it's very  upsetting.
  And then now we get into some very creepy.
  This is just the most ghastly thing.
  Here he's poking behind some from somebody's back and now the full thing.
  No.
  Anyone feel free to describe it in your eyes.
  This to me, it just looks like Darius Rucker got crushed by a cartoon steamroller.
  So his head is just perfectly pancaked, like splayed all the way out.
  His head is three feet wide.
  It looks a lot like recently second gate addressed big Dick Tracy character little face.
  Yeah, it's like a Cronenberg body horror to me.
  Yeah, it's like thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yes, exactly.
  Like the thing.
  It kind of looks like that CGI image of like, well, here's how the human body could be sculpted.
  If the human body evolved to survive car crashes and it's just the most hideous looking thing  you've ever seen.
  Oh, those monster creatures.
  Yeah, the monster creatures.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it gives us a preview, I guess, of if you took our head skin and unraveled it  completely, but left the face attached.
  I guess there would be some disturbing results.
  And then just one more where he looks like a ghoul.
  What?  Like from the Haunted Mansion.
  He looks like a singing bust.
  Whoa.
  Now hold on.
  That's the magic mirror from Shrek.
  That's the magic mirror that talks to Lord Farquaad.
  We'll get these all up on the Twitter so you know what we're screaming about.
  But I-  Wait a minute.
  I think what happened on there, they're on Windows now.
  I think this person maybe opened a link that said,  can you tell the difference between this picture and this other picture?  You have to wait 50 seconds or else you can't.
  And then they got scared.
  I think this is the scary face.
  They opened a link in their email they shouldn't have opened up.
  That's what this is.
  This is not real.
  This is a virus being distributed.
  Yep.
  A virus email.
  I will tell you what is real.
  Millions of people across the world dream this face every night.
  This is what you see when you die of COVID.
  You get a quick flash of this and then that's all she wrote.
  Yeah, yikes.
  Truly disturbing stuff there.
  Only at Opry Mills.
  They also, they did this gag, they did this technique,  the first wax figure that talks to you and the excitement of this has resulted in some total of  147 views on YouTube.
  The making of, no one's looking into this.
  This is not a story I had to go digging to find.
  They don't want people to know about a CGI little face Darius Rucker.
  Well, it also costs an exorbitant amount of money to go into that place.
  Am I wrong for thinking that?  I think so.
  It's really a lot of money.
  I'm not sure.
  It used to be a bookstore in that slot there, which I mean, at a tourist mall,  I guess it makes sense that that wouldn't be the most highly trafficked place.
  But the truth is, it's also a mall mall for the Nashville area.
  I mean, the other malls that we have around here, there's Cool Springs and Green Hills,  which are really, really like the high end malls.
  And they're also pretty far out of the way for most Nashvilleans.
  And then there are some older malls as well that are borderline dilapidated.
  And so Opry Mills is like the default mall.
  In addition to being this tourist trap, it is also sort of the default mall for a lot  of people here as well.
  So having a massive Madame Tussauds operation in there that costs, I'm going to say a hundred  dollars.
  I don't know.
  It's something crazy to go in.
  Maybe.
  It's weird.
  It's very strange to look at.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Pretty big use of space.
  I also just something just occurred to me while as I continue to stare at this little  face, Darius Rucker, it's a little face with a perfectly puffed out round, you know, like  rest of it around.
  Is this showing us what Hootie would look like as an actual blowfish?  Oh, wow.
  I mean, I think you hit the nail on the head there.
  I don't think there's any better description than that.
  It's the only explanation.
  I've looked up the price.
  I'm sorry.
  It's twenty five dollars if you walk up, which quite frankly might as well be one hundred  dollars for how quickly I would not buy the ticket to go in and look at weird Hootie.
  But Hootie, the actual blowfish.
  Do you I guess as a closing that like, do you miss this place?  I don't know if you've been or if any aspect of it is available to go see or if you've  done the did you say you did the best pro distance Santa or are considering it?  Oh, I will not.
  And I will not be going to a mall anytime soon.
  I can't imagine going there.
  I mean, you know, the mall, you know, I mentioned this earlier.
  People are nostalgic for Opryland and that's fine.
  I I kind of believe that nostalgia is poison, but I also know that we are all sort of  poisoned by it to one extent or another.
  And you just kind of have to deal with it.
  I and I didn't have any memories with it.
  So the fact that it's a mall now as a man in my 30s with children who gets motion sick,  the mall honestly serves me better than the theme park would.
  Now, it doesn't have to be not everything's for me.
  That's fine.
  But as far as I'm concerned, I would go to the mall more.
  And my wife and I did, you know, we would go see movies there.
  It had a huge it still does.
  And I'm sure people are in there watching fucking Transformers four being brought out  to theaters again or Tenet or whatever.
  I don't know what's going on in theaters right now.
  Whatever the hell it is, you know, people are still going in there right now, I'm sure.
  But we would love to go in there and see a movie and go to Dave and Buster's and blow  twenty dollars on a phone game that's on a 50 inch LCD screen now for some reason.
  We would love to go down and look at the build a bear thing and say,  well, we're not getting our kids that, but it's cute.
  Or all of the little the little kiosks in the mall with the last time I was there,  the kiosks were the following.
  You had the thing you throw at the wall and splats.
  They have this new thing.
  It's called like Dragon's Breath, which is it's like these little  snacks that you put in your mouth and then it looks like you're vaping and they sell them to kids.
  That's a great.
  They're like these little puff balls that I think it's obviously not dry ice.
  It wouldn't be that it's like  whatever the safe version is of something you can eat that gives that it's like cold,  but you it like exhales water vapor or whatever.
  So you walk around, you see high schoolers or I guess middle schoolers would be the one  surprise.
 Obviously high schoolers vape all the time, but like middle schoolers or children  going like, isn't this cool?  And they're like eating a snow cone or something.
  So, you know, I miss seeing that stupid shit.
  I missed the food court, which I want to talk about the food court before we go.
  Oh, yeah.
  Please.
  By all means.
  What is I mean, this is what I remember from being in the food court and I think it actually  has changed since I went last, but I'll tell you guys what it is and you and you tell me if you  have any favorites or things that you hate.
  There's the the Sarku or Sakeo Japan, which is like the flat top teriyaki style place.
  You pay a dollar for double meat.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  That's one that's pretty good.
  There's like a smoothie place and a salad place, but come on.
  There's a Burger King.
  There is a Sabaro.
  There is a I think it's a TGI Fridays and a Chili's too.
  If I'm not mistaken there, like across from each other competing for the exact same demographic  of guy.
  It just depends on which of them is a 15 minute wait and which is a 45 minute wait.
  There was the the always mysterious Chinese typical Chinese place, but then the one that  they inexplicably say is a Louisiana style like the Cajun place that serves the same food as the  Chinese place.
  It just has a different name on it.
  I don't know if that's something that's common out West fond memories of those in malls.
  I grew up going to yes very I don't understand the bourbon chicken.
  Bourbon chicken.
  Yeah, which which one is good the bourbon chicken, you know, I just saw that as one of the only  things left in a dead mall video.
  I was watching it's like the only slot out of 12 in a food court and some decaying like Ohio mall.
  Wow.
  Yeah, that's that's all I can remember being there in the food court.
  There was then claim jumper.
  There was a Mo's burritos place in there.
  The very airport right like does anyone does anyone done Mo Mo's isn't good.
  Is it I think I've done it once and I don't have any memory of what it was.
  Yeah, good or bad.
  Their main thing is a is a it's a big burrito called the home wrecker, which I think is just too cute.
  We're not you know, I'm not that interested in that.
  There's a Mexican place.
  There's a fascist barbecue joint called Mission Barbecue.
  Oh, there isn't there's a macaroni grill.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah, it's a the barbecue place is one of the places that you will go and it's like  it's got the American flag that's been palette swapped to look like Terminator future or whatever  that shit is.
  But the the best place there is the Bavarian beer house.
  Oh, which is like a huge mass.
  It's massive.
  Yeah, it's it's totally huge.
  They have the live German music in there.
  It's like a beer hall with these long communal tables.
  Now that's now that's good eats there.
  I like that a lot.
  There's a place.
  Yeah, there's a place like that in Vegas where Jason got way too high and ran out of there.
  I was afraid either the waitress with the test tube shots or the band with the hat that moved  was coming for me.
  There was a woman there was a woman who would paddle you for a dollar.
  Whoa, he was really Jason was really worried she was coming for him that she had a there was a  paddle coming for his ass.
  Oh, my god.
  Tillman for Tita quote Tillman for Tita.
  Yeah, that was a Tillman for Tita quote.
  I did honestly all comes together.
  Yeah, that all sounds I mean, that sounds good.
  I'm a big Chili's fan of all the garbage.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  So that would probably be my choice of those.
  I would like the beer hall sounds like the most fun, though.
  Sure.
  So you're thinking chicken crispers, I guess.
  Yeah, chicken crispers for sure.
  I like the big platter with the ribs and you can get like a big you can get like  six different horrible things.
  Yeah.
  Like from around the menu.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  That would be good.
  I it'd be it's it I'm imagining now like what if I did go do a like a curbside pickup.
  Awesome blossom.
  But I'm confident that my wife would not join me in that and my baby is a baby, so he would not.
  So me just sadly peeling off bit after bit of a would that be it depends on my attitude.
  If I make it sad, it's sad.
  But if I make it the coolest thing I've done for the entire quarantine, maybe it is.
  Yeah, that doesn't sound that sad to me.
  That doesn't sound sad.
  I don't know.
  No, I mean, it's.
  Chili's is inherently sad, so once you're there, it doesn't matter.
  It's all good.
  I mean, it's going to be ice cold by the time you get at home.
  Yeah, because unless you're eating in your car.
  Scott, the closest one is in the Sino, I believe.
  Yes, I know, but I can get back and forth pretty fast.
  I mean, it's pretty deep in Sino.
  It's pretty West and Sino, but there's no traffic anywhere.
  So now that is not that far from where my baby goes to the doctor.
  So I could the next time he's going to go to the doctor, drop them off,  sit in the car and eat an awesome blossom by myself and then go pick them up.
  That's how far I get.
  Well, could you bring the awesome blossom in the waiting room?  I'm sure they'd appreciate that and then take off my mask in this pediatric care lobby.
  I'm eating here.
  A lot of pediatricians have different sections.
  They have the well section and the sick section and the awesome blossom to go  section that you have to kind of sit in there.
  It's next to the aquarium.
  But I still got a view if I can watch the fish.
  This is the Opry Mills experience condensed, I feel.
  You're absolutely right, man.
  Oh, beautiful.
  This is great.
  Any closing thoughts or words of wisdom about this area, this theme park, but also,  I mean, it became the mall as we knew it would.
  Well, we neglected to mention when they opened the Grand Ole Opry house,  the big venue they built for the Grand Ole Opry,  who was in attendance and sat down and played a couple's ditties on the piano,  President Richard Nixon himself.
  That's right.
  Of course, on the Disney dish on Jim and Len's show, they had a historian from the  Smithsonian on recently who talked about Nixon's love of these theme parks.
  And he did want to go to the opening of Disney World, but could not because of the optics,  because he was about to withdraw a ton of troops from Vietnam,  and they thought it would just look too bad.
  While he was on the ride.
  But in his place, he sent H.
R.
 Haldeman with a flag that flew over the White House,  the first one Nixon ever gave out.
  Wow.
  To present to Roy O.
 Disney.
  Haldeman, of course, ended up doing time for the water gate break.
  I've never heard that one.
  That's bonkers.
  Ladies and gentlemen, H.
R.
 Haldeman.
  He was not on that opening day special.
  No.
  I was aware that we missed that fact, and I will continue to do.
  I think maybe Mr.
 Nixon will play us out of this episode.
  Oh, goodie.
  That became my plan as I started thinking here.
  Um, but, uh, uh, Nixon, notwithstanding any, anything we want to any more,  last things we want to say to, to this wonderful campus, uh, the many things to do over the years.
  Hmm.
  Uh, I just, I am, I would have liked to have visited Dua Diti City.
  That's all I'd like to say.
  Yeah, I, I guess, you know what?  Nothing lasts forever is the way I feel about Opryland.
  You know, um, it had its moment in the sun.
  Would it still be there today if a couple of incompetent CEOs hadn't decided that there was  more money in this weird land grab or whatever they were doing at the time?  I don't know.
  I mean, if it were around now, it would be hitting pretty hard times, right?  I mean, like everything else is.
  So I don't know.
  I guess that's in the interim, another 25 years or whatever.
  It could have had some, some good times, but so be it.
  We got a Dave and Buster's now.
  Move on.
  You know, you can go in there and do the fruit ninja on a big iPad.
  What the hell else do you want?  You think the fucking rock and roller coaster is better than fruit ninja on a big iPad?  You know what?  I don't know what to tell you.
  Get with the times, get down to Opry Mills, turn in your tickets for a stuffed bear,  get some COVID, uh, jump on the trampoline for $20.
  Go to Madame Tussauds for a hundred.
  I, you know, have a good time.
  See a jolly old elephant, a fish tank.
  Drowning Santa.
  Um, they've got it all at the Opry Mills.
  Uh, beautiful closing words with that.
  Jesse Ferrari survived, but gets the ride.
  Uh, what a blast.
  Thanks so much for joining us here.
  Uh, and hey, let's exit through the gift shop or is there anything you would like to plug?  Yeah.
  Um, you mentioned at the top, um, I do a show with my friend, Mike Hale called your Kickstarter sucks.
  Um, we talk about all the shitty stuff on Kickstarter, actually pretty similar to stuff  that would be in any gift shop.
  Um, except for most of the time it never makes it out of the idea phase.
  So if you like goofing on, uh, silly products, that's a good place to go.
  Um, we've also, uh, teamed up with my friend, Chris James, a great comedian, uh, to do the  new show on Stitcher premium.
  It's called good morning.
  Good morning.
  Um, it's a little bit different, uh, than YKS.
  It's the sort we're playing radio hosts and we've got some, uh, very funny, uh, comedian  friends on to do some great bits.
  Uh, we're really excited about doing that.
  It comes out, um, pretty much as soon as this episode comes out.
  Um, yeah, so that's a good timing on that.
  We're really excited.
  And then, uh, I do a stream, uh, pretty much every night of the week, uh, with my friends,  Stefan heck and Rob Wiseman, um, it's called the go off Kings and we go on there and we  play games, uh, pretty badly most of the time.
  Uh, but we have a good time and goof off, you know, kind of like this, if you like goofs  and good boys, I think that's a good place to find yourself over there on Twitch at the  go off King stream.
  So, uh, thanks for having me guys a lot.
  I really appreciate it and I love the show.
  So it's nice to be on.
  Oh, geez.
  Thank you so much.
  So much fun.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Great area.
  Go off Kings hitting a fruit Ninja at, um, uh, David Buster's anytime soon.
  We're we're actually, we have to do a lot of practice before we're able to get up to  the fruit Ninja level.
  We're sort of like, we're on the, like, uh, starting the stream on time, making sure the  system turns on, everything's plugged in, the controller is charged.
  And then, and then we'll get to the big boy stuff like fruit Ninja on the iPad, you know?  Mm hmm.
  Uh, uh, awesome.
  Well, thanks so much for being here, Jesse.
  Uh, as for us, we've got, uh, uh, you could check us out on all your favorite social  medias at podcast, the ride and for three bonus episodes every month, visit podcast,  the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  And now as promised here to play us out, uh, the, at the time about to be, uh, only five  months away from resigning the presidency.
  Um, uh, but in happier times, uh, opening the new grand old Opry at the, at the future  site of, uh, uh, uh, frightening hootie and the blowfish wax figure, uh, here now, the  piano you will hear is Richard Nixon, uh, to say goodbye to Opry land USA and goodbye  to this episode.
  Thanks everybody so much for listening.
  Dick.
  How weird is it to look at, by the way, like I knew he played.
  He's mainly blocked by a head in the audience.
  Video says low resolution preview.
  He had the angriest face I've ever seen.
  He was like, you will God bless America.
  So should we all.
  A bunch of glaring people in thick glasses.
  Tucker Carlson's dad.
  Great job, Dick.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on  Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
