 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Extra, extra, read all about it.
  Late edition of the PTR Gazette.
  Rhodey retires, Walt Disney Imagineering now down to just  President Bob Weiss and a sinister mechanic  known only as the Gear Man.
  I'm Cub reporter and Chief Newsboy Jason Sheridan.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  Let's start over to our news big boy, Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I'm here too.
  I'm also from the 1920s and I have a job too  that's like a scrappy kind of a job.
  Let's say that I will go fetch you a sandwich for a nickel.
  And you reach the ink pots that are on the top shelf  that I can't get to.
  Yeah, because I'm so tall.
  I'm super tall.
  They call me Tali.
  And of course, our ooey gooey columnist,  Scott Gardner also here.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Ooey and gooey, you know me.
  That's the kind of phrase that makes me smile  and not uncomfortable.
  You got me pegged, Cub reporter.
  We call you blue.
  I say, what do you mean?  This is a totally original voice.
  Ain't nothing that's been used on the show before.
  It's a perfect 20s voice.
  We call you blue because of your blue baseball cap.
  And because my favorite kind of ooey and gooey is blue.
  That's right.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Well, I feel, boy, I feel like we're all a bunch of newsies.
  Look at us.
  We're the kings of New York.
  That's right.
  We're Christian Bale before his voice changed,  screaming at crew members at a higher register  than he would go on to later in life.
  He was the same.
  They had the same vibe then.
  Yeah, same vibe.
  That's where it started.
  That's where that lighting guy crossed paths  or DP or whatever it was.
  Oh, it was a rematch.
  You're in my fucking lens, mate.
  This better not happen again in 20 years.
  Anyway, so folks, we're here.
  We're talking news.
  There hadn't been a lot of news lately,  so we hadn't really done an episode like this in a while,  but it's built up.
  Stuff has happened now.
  There's been some news.
  Yeah, our desks are full.
  Our little cub desks, they fill up quick  because they're tiny, because that's all we get.
  But it's a stack as high as the ceiling now.
  Yeah.
  And I can reach the stack.
  You can reach the stack, which is good  because the desk is attached to the chairs  and it keeps turning them over with the weight.
  So.
  Mm hmm.
  That's true.
  What do we start with?  Do we start with, do you want to talk about Joe Rodie?  Sure.
 Might as well.
  Now you've said it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, man.
  Joe Rodie's retiring, everybody.
  Legendary, Imagineer,  Imagineer of 40 years plus the man who brought us  Animal Kingdom and Avatar and Expedition Everest.
  I know I keep listing other things in Animal Kingdom,  but that's the, he stayed on it.
  He didn't just set up that park and then never touch it again.
  He brought all the best stuff to it later.
  This is like one of the great auteur Imagineers  and he's finally stepping down.
  Yeah.
  Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout is Joe Rodie.
  The man has a, is a versatile guy as well.
  You'd think, well, this is a man who should only be doing  things that involve animals and land and culture.
  Beads and stuff.
  Silly sci-fi, but no, the man can do it all.
  But he is involved in, I guess it correlates  with the rest of his body of work  because he's done multiple new iterations  of the Tower of Terror that involve big collections.
  That is true.
  Yeah, the Guardians and the Japan Tower of Terror,  which he of course factors into.
  He essentially is the character, the villain of that ride.
  I mean, that's another.
  Harrison Hightower.
  Harrison Hightower.
  And I mean, when you talk about the legacy,  I think there's not only the amazing body of work,  but he's so put himself out there.
  He's so visible and not just being interviewed  in all these specials and everything,  but he appears in attractions,  which I think that's the main way.
  He feels in the Stan Lee zone a little bit.
  Would we know him were he not to be so upfront and present?  Right, he's a very engaging personality.
  I mean, in a similar way to a Tony Baxter,  but obviously he's a different type of person.
  It seems like from what I've read about him and his life,  he was not a Disney super fan as a kid.
  He was just sort of a creative guy who was able to  make cool stuff and conceptualize things  and have an interesting philosophy.
  Yeah.
  And he ended up at Disney and thriving.
  Yeah, and kind of admit it,  like in one of his Instagram is very good,  if you all haven't taken a look, check it out.
  But I forget whether it was there or just an interview  where he was like, yeah, I started at Disney  and I did not know anything about that.
  I did not know what was going on  because he was like, was he a scenic painter, right?  I think.
  That seems right.
  Something like that.
  Something like that.
  Well, he did sets and stuff at my high school.
  Yes.
  Not intersecting with me, obviously,  but yeah, he was in the drama student  and then in the drama department at Chaminade in West Hills,  which is a cool, yeah, now if I'd known then,  I would have been so much more popular in high school  if I'd just constantly said, wow, you guys,  we're walking in roadies footsteps.
  Oh, that would have made you cool.
  That would have been the factor, yeah.
  2003, man, you would have been the coolest kid in school.
  Oh yeah, man, that's hot on the tail of Expedition Everest.
  Then maybe I would have, what's that?  Right when Everest came out,  all the kids were buzzing about it at high school.
  I remember, yeah, of course I remember it.
  You would have been able to drop that on them.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, everybody was starting to get tattoos quietly  without their parents finding out.
  I just remember a lot of discreet lifting up  of little mini Everest's on the shoulder or the buttocks.
  I remember my freshman year  in rock and roller coaster came out, all the kids,  all the kids were saying,  was that an Aerosmith ride?  I was like, what?  Get the fuck out of here.
  Take your headphones out that are playing jaded.
  If you look around the cafeteria,  surely it's jaded on all of them.
  Stop listening to jaded for one second  so we can talk about something else about Aerosmith.
  Yeah, I remember like it was yesterday.
  I used to think this a little bit though.
  I remember when I remember being at school  the day that the Indiana Jones Adventure opened  and looking around like,  are all the other kids thinking about  that that ride's opening right now?  They probably saw the LA Times.
  At least you were closer in proximity.
  I feel like I-  I was gonna say maybe that's not so crazy  if you were close to it,  but also they probably weren't and you were the only one.
  No, I think so.
  And yet they go on it and enjoy it.
  Almost everyone I was looking at, I'm sure,  has been on the ride,  but they weren't ahead of it like me.
  Yes.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So yeah, but yeah,  you would have been the king of high school  had you drawn that connection to Joe Rody,  who maybe had been on that special  about the building of Expedition Everest  with the Yeti footage when it was originally working.
  He appeared on that.
  So maybe that was one of the most,  other than like Disney videos in the hotel rooms  or promotional videos  where he was talking about Animal Kingdom,  that was maybe his most high profile interview yet.
  Yeah.
  Well, the celebrity really ramped up.
  Like, you know, we all got to be friends  being theme partners and stuff,  but I don't know that we were right off the bat.
  Like, so Joe Rody, I'm sure it eased in  in this way of like, you know,  there's that guy and all these things.
  What's his name?  The guy with the earrings and he talks a lot.
  He really, very opinionated.
  It's funny how quickly it's turned from like,  oh, now of course we know who Joe Rody is  and he is an icon and how can they go on without him?  Yeah.
 Yes.
  I'll be honest, I don't remember when I learned his name.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  But it definitely, I didn't know it before.
  I would say the earliest they may have known his name  was maybe like eight years ago.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  That sounds about right.
  So yeah, that's when, and then I'm still,  look, we're still learning about legendary Imagineers.
  They just, they haven't self promoted maybe  as much as some of these other people.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's the thing.
  There's great people throughout maybe  who just haven't had the camera in front of them.
  Joe, look, Joe Rody's a star.
  He is a star.
  I'm just gonna say it.
  He's a star in front of the camera.
  Yeah.
  And like pretty gracious, like, yeah,  very thoughtful on Instagram.
  Posted a very gracious thing about his retirement and all.
  And I think that's great practice  for his new full-time occupation,  getting messages that start with the phrase,  Hi Joe, hope you're doing well.
  So I host a podcast, dot, dot, dot.
  I feel like he's about to get slammed with messages  like that.
  From us, you mean.
  From any number of randos on the internet,  us included, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, we'll see whatever he signed with Disney,  what they, how they restrict his post.
  Yes.
  Working situation.
  And at least right now, it seems like it's pretty cordial.
  Like most people, I poked around online.
  I went to the message boards to see what people were saying.
  And it didn't seem as gossipy as some other stories.
  I also poked around.
  And.
  Yes, I think it's pretty clear what happened.
  Disney is hurting for money right now.
  Everything is being put on the back burner,  pushed years away.
  Cause he had a range of projects.
  Some rumored, some confirmed that he was gonna do as of,  he was gonna make an island last year.
  Yeah.
  And that's not a quick project.
  So I would think it would be like,  okay, he's in his mid sixties,  a combination of Disney being like, look,  here's how long it's gonna take everything.
  You're also very well paid.
  Yes.
  Let's come to an agreement, maybe together like.
  Over 40 years at any company,  you just rack up seniority and stock options  and salary increases.
  So, you know.
  But we don't know anything.
  I mean, this is something we're gonna have to grill him  about when he comes on podcast, The Ride,  now that he's free and clear.
  For sure.
  And I wonder if he was reading the same message board I was,  which quickly devolved into arguments  about whether the hub at the Magic Kingdom was better  when it had the real big trees  and whether Buena Vista Street tells a coherent story.
  And then everyone just being real skeptical  of some guy named Zach.
  I believe Zach is the young Imagineer  overseeing like a lot of the Epcot redo stuff,  which I mean, that seems like kind of a thankless job,  right?  People are gonna be mad at you no matter what you do.
  You know?  Yeah, for sure.
  That's, yeah.
  Look, I hope Zach doesn't read the message boards  for his sake.
  Yeah, hard enough to do creative work,  not hearing criticism.
  The great cottage industry of judging  what non-celebrity executives and producers  are doing kind of based on their photo  and the general vibe you get from them  and no concrete information.
  That's not that I, clearly there's a lot to not like  about Shapek thus far,  but I feel like he gets in and there's a lot of like,  oh, I don't know.
  And it's like, what are we going off of?  Do we just not like that he's pure bald?  Do we not like the hair?  Like what really is,  we almost know nothing concrete about this guy.
  Yeah, it's, you know, he slats into the enemy position  and I think people just find any weakness,  any physical weakness they can find.
  This jaw doesn't look strong enough.
  This means he's not going to do a good job  on the Ratatouille ride.
  I saw a video of him shaking a hand  back when handshakes were okay to do  and it did not seem very firm.
  And that's not how we judge people anymore,  but it was in February and I didn't like the shake.
  Mm-hmm, well, that's all you can find all this  on a message board, on many messages.
  Yes, somebody's said it somewhere.
  DM Jason for the specific board.
  Sure.
  On the thing of Rody's like visible legacy in the park,  I saw an article I hadn't seen before  from a cycle of parchaeology called  Five Times Imagineer Joe Rody  snuck himself into your favorite attractions.
  And there are a few things that I did not know about.
  One of them, I mean, you know,  his involvement in Avatar is obviously known.
  And then this section of the article started  and I was like, is he in it somewhere?  There's one of these Navi, a mo-capped Rody,  but I guess not.
  It's just that I didn't catch this detail.
  Maybe you guys have, but the handprints  at the end of the ride somewhere.
  I've never seen this.
  This big red handprints on a stone wall  and it's all J's, everyone involved this.
  The Avatar creative team is a triple J,  but that's gotta be James Cameron,  John Landau and Joe Rody.
  They all marked the wall.
  That's nice.
  Which what a cool, I think that's pretty neat how like,  well, it seems like what I meant to be,  like of course Cameron and Rody worked together  and that's such a cool blend of titans  from their respective industries.
  And there, yeah, there's fun footage of that  in the Imagineering story on Disney Plus.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Them working together.
  There's also the other thing from the article,  I truly didn't know this one.
  I'll just do this as trivia to you guys.
  Do you know the Disney attraction  that Joe Rody does a voice in?  No.
 Not off the top of my head.
  We've talked about it on the show.
  It is something that we've covered.
  I don't know that you'd get there.
  It's probably a thing I've said,  I probably like said it or something  and I've completely forgot.
  It's not like a memorable line really,  but you would, he voices a robot though.
  Can I narrow it down further and say that he has a voice  in the American Adventure, which is forever ago.
  That's such an old attraction and he's a voice in it.
  Do you have any idea?  Tell me.
  He's Alexander Graham Bell.
  Wow.
  Who's Scottish.
  Like I guess he was a guy who was around  who was both Scottish and very eloquent.
  That's what's said is that he was able to pronounce  and do this very particular dialect.
  So there he is.
  Yes, that should illustrate to you  how long he's been with the company since that is.
  How old is that right at this point?  82, right?  Yeah, right.
  And there's weird early Epcot footage  where he's playing Dreamfinder.
  Yes.
  Yes, yes.
  He is one of them.
  Yes, it's like a Dreamfinder was like Hamlet or the Joker,  these iconic roles that would be played  by many people over the years.
  Jared Leto coming up, I think.
  Yeah.
  Look, you said it now.
  There's no way it doesn't happen in 18 months or so.
  Jared Leto, he's got a different take on it.
  He's not gonna have the hat or the beard  or the jacket or the dragon.
  He's just gonna be kind of like a way fish guy  with his shirt off, but otherwise it's the Dreamfinder.
  He's Dreamfinder.
  And they don't call him Dreamfinder though.
  They call him DF.
  And that's written across his chest  and kind of like splatted out sloppy paint.
  And if you're on the production with him,  he will send you a dead rat.
  Only to get into the character of DF.
  Of DF, yeah.
  DF coming on Disney Plus pretty soon.
  What else about this guy though or this moment?  I think Rodie, I wanna say like Rodie gives the Parks  another like dimension with his vibe, which I think.
  Cause I think in general, the type of like,  I love the earth and a lot of various,  I'm very knowledgeable at different cultures  and I travel the world.
  It is sort of different probably  than your regular Disney nerd super fan  that might get into Imagineering these days.
  So it brings an interesting perspective  and it has brought an interesting perspective  to all this stuff.
  And like Animal Kingdom is so different  than every other Disney park.
  Yeah.
  So like it's a totally different vibe.
  And I think he deserves like a lot of credit for,  I don't know, just for that.
  Just because it's like, what else would you have done?  I guess I'm trying to think of like a Disney ride.
  It would be like, if you took Jungle Cruise  and like built it out, but like really tried to blow it up  and make it crazy cool and much more like,  I guess realistic, I don't know.
  Specific to really hyper specific places  and not just like, I don't know, the jungle in general.
  Right.
  Yeah, he's like, yeah,  Rodie travels to countries  that I've literally never heard of.
  Right.
  He is so hyper specific.
  I mean, yeah, he's,  you gotta think all the best Imagineers  are the ones that you know  or people who've really brought themselves to it.
  And I, you know,  that is probably not a better example of that than him.
  Yeah, it's almost like his more like,  Tony Baxter probably you would say maybe took already  the ideas sort of that were there in Disney  and just kind of like made them really great and cool  and left his mark on it.
  But like Rodie, it's almost like feels more  even specific to Rodie  when you look at some of the stuff he did.
  Because you will, that's of course that guy  who has been to every country on the map,  every single place.
  Yeah.
  Like this feels authentic to him as a person.
  Feels authentic to the way he like,  he literally looks if you look at him  and look at his omnipresent earring.
  Yes.
  Like he's made like many attractions  that feel like the earring.
  Yeah.
  It's very-  Yes, in case you don't know,  he has a very large hanging earring on one ear.
  Yeah, tactile, very tactile.
  And like in the Imagineering story,  he's constantly just like sketching and drawing,  which like there's anecdotes about like older Imagineers  being frustrated with the younger generation of like,  don't you, anyone carry a notebook?  Which I'm sure there's plenty of people carry,  like pen and scrap paper.
  But yeah, there's a sincerity, there's an authenticity.
  And I feel like a desire to like represent these places  and cultures and stories accurately too.
  Yes.
  I would think you, yes, you would say he is  working in a very corporate environment  and has done his best to like try to, yes,  represent cultures the best he can  and make like real art out of all of this stuff.
  Yeah.
  I mean, everyone does that to a degree.
  Yeah, and use this, like what's ultimately  like super corporate money at the end of the day  to pay tribute to things that are not super corporate  and to have themes that are more challenging  than theme park attractions should ever have.
  I mean, like how many theme park attractions had themes,  like not theming, but like emotional, moral themes  until this guy, that's really the bigger dimension  I think he's added to stuff.
  Right, and I would think, yeah, and it's like,  I have not traveled as much as I'd like to,  but you do go to like Animal Kingdom,  you go, I should go to these places.
  Yeah.
  I should go to these places.
  Right, right.
  And I feel like that's what he is going to do.
  He's just going to keep doing what he was doing  in his off time or like his like travel time,  is keep doing that as opposed to just immediately jump.
  I can't imagine him immediately,  like just jumping to Universal.
  I feel like they would keep him on like a consulting  contract or-  Yeah, there's gotta be something like that.
  At most he would start his own company.
  That's like the biggest leap I could say,  but, well.
  I bet he'll be around in some sort of advisory capacity,  but I don't know, that's speculative.
  Yeah.
  The thing that I would like to see is a 10 part  mini series showing his final season as an Imagineer.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, just like, shit talking to everybody,  calling people bitches or whatever,  gambling with people in the hallways.
  And leading up to finally retiring the earring  at the top of the Imagineering rafters.
  Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
  You know, you could also think of it as,  what happens sometimes is when professional wrestlers  leave WWE or another company,  they do what's called a shoot interview,  where they just spend an hour shitting on everyone  because they just left.
  So I would like to see more Imagineer shoot interviews  in general.
  Agreed.
  Where they shoot quote unquote on people and things  that they had to do.
  Yeah, that would be nice.
  We got the place to do it, but his will be some like,  one time he met some guy in Nepal  who he didn't get along with.
  And they show him the iPad.
  Oh yeah, a lot of footage of him watching people on iPads  that he doesn't approve of.
  Laughing, maniacal laughs at them.
  And he's like kind of retconning the Yeti story  of like why it doesn't work.
  And you're like, that's not my recollection of this incident.
  Why is he changing this yet again?  Look, I've seen the tapes, it just stopped working.
  I guess we should talk a little Yeti.
  Some people are a little upset.
  Because I feel like this is the death of the Yeti.
  This will be, yeah, this might be the final, yeah,  chance for the Yeti to have worked.
  If you don't know, we're talking about the Yeti  and Expedition Everest had an A mode  that was awesome and terrifying.
  And you can see it in that special.
  I think it was a travel channel special.
  It was travel channel.
  In the early 2000s, Disney outsourced a lot of their  parks specials to travel channel.
  Yeah.
  And yeah, this A mode, which is like,  it kind of functioning at full power is insane.
  The Yeti is like giant.
  It feels like it's 50 feet tall.
  I don't know if it's that.
  And it swipes, so something that big.
  Like moving, you know, like we know,  we've seen smaller characters do that action,  but not like it's, it's a literal,  like Godzilla, King Kong level creature.
  Yeah.
  And it's so big.
  And now basically it functions in like B mode  or no mode at all at this point on the ride  where there's kind of a strobe light on it  and you hear a noise.
  And it looks scary, but it's still,  you're not getting the full effect of it,  like swiping at you.
  And I also think now with the strobe,  you don't kind of see how tall it, how big it is.
  Cause on that travel channel special,  and I'm sure it's still on YouTube, you see it and you go,  oh my God, this is like one of the biggest robots  I've ever seen.
  And it's terrifying.
  And it hasn't worked for years  because it's a very advanced animatronic.
  And apparently they built it into the rocks.
  I'm sure I said this on the expedition ever,  or somebody did.
  They built it like into the fake rocks  and they're not able to pull it out and fix it,  which they've now changed the way they do things  like they do on the river, Navi River journey  with the very advanced audio animatronic Shaman of Song.
  They can pull that out and fix it and put it back.
  They cannot do that with this.
  It's stuck.
  I think they were saying that the force of what it was doing  was kind of like clawing its way out of the mountain  because of the vibrations, essentially.
  Like it's like the thrust of it is,  it's so big and the energy it's putting out,  it's like digging itself out of the actual structure,  which is not good.
  You don't want that thing to fall.
  Yeah, it's like trying to get free.
  It's gonna burst through the, oh my God.
  So what I, and this is a very message board understanding  of what is happening or what could happen.
  The only real way to fix the whole thing  would be to like dismantle part of the ride for a while.
  Crack the building like open,  crack the, make a hole in the building  and carve it out.
  Yeah, so to fix all of that,  you'd have to have the ride down for a long time.
  It would be very expensive.
  I know they've talked before about just trying to figure out  a solution just for the arm to try to figure out a way  if they could sort of just keep it stationary  and maybe have the arm maybe on a different mechanism  to at least make it look like you were getting swiped at.
  Oh, interesting.
  And at a D23, Joe Rody, I think four or five years ago,  he promised he was gonna fix it.
  So people are upset now that he's leaving  because they feel like, well, that's it.
  Well, I don't know, don't we, maybe Biden will fix it.
  He knows that's the key to recovering  not just Disney World and all the Disney parks,  but the travel economy and the entire economy.
  It really all hinges on the yeti.
  But you can't have a shutdown.
  You can't have a full shutdown.
  The cure can't be worse than the disease.
  We are not gonna shut down Everest.
  So yeah, Everest will not be shut down.
  You'll be able to go on it while it's being worked on.
  Yeah, you just have to keep it running.
  Yeah, and people might get sawdust in their eyes.
  Mix the messages, honestly, it's still confusing.
  Big parts might fall on people and crush them,  but you can't, I keep saying it, you can't have a shutdown.
  You can't have a total shutdown.
  Right.
  I mean, look, Rhodey could get a cabinet position now.
  I guess he's free for that.
  That's true, yeah.
  Ambassadorship, maybe?  Oh yeah, he can be the ambassador to like 20 countries.
  Or he could imagine you're the White House.
  The White House, and I'm not trying to agree with Trump,  I don't agree with Trump about almost anything,  except the White House does sometimes  when Trump talks about how it's a dump.
  It does, you do see some pictures, you go,  that does look kind of like, that could use a spruce up.
  Remember how when there was the general idea  of what if Donald Trump ever became president  like many years before it happened?  It was like kind of a stock obvious joke, I guess,  to say like, here, what'll happen to the White House  and then it's all gold and insane?  That would have been awesome.
  Like that's the, I wish he'd done the shitty joke  and just redone the White House with like tiger stripe marble.
  If that's what the presidency had been like,  it would have been a blast.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, if he had just not done any of that ghoulish,  awful shit and then yeah, just spent it  like putting satin everywhere.
  Oh yeah, no complaints.
  Toilets.
  Instead, what do we get?  Melania yanked a rose garden and just keeps making  like years of like Baba Duke Christmas trees  in one hallway.
  Yeah.
  So maybe, maybe Rhodey could reimagine the White House  for a new generation.
  Now is the time.
  Let's take back that idea.
  Let's, I want the stupidest, gaudiest White House,  maybe inspired by Guardian's Mission Breakout,  just like tons of weird frames and doodads all over it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah.
  A really gaudy Jack Kirby style White House  is really up our alley.
  That would be amazing.
  Yeah, that's the sign.
  Things are different.
  Oh my gosh.
  Hey, I mean, feel free to back me up,  but if we're talking about exciting designs  and jaw-dropping imagery in the theme park world lately,  oh my God, this Mario stuff.
  Holy shit.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah, that was.
  This has been.
  Next on my list, so.
  Yeah.
  It's unbelievable.
  I, if you don't know what we're talking about,  there's images now out of Super Nintendo World,  which is coming first to Universal in Osaka, Japan.
  I mean, we've seen little bits and pieces  and things in progress as it's being constructed,  but now there is photos and video,  and you almost need to see it as video  and see it in motion to prove that you are not looking  at an extremely polished Photoshop or still from a game.
  I mean, it just looks like computer graphics  put into the real world.
  It's bonkers.
  Yeah, there's the one picture I think  that has been circulating of the land itself  that I'm sure they used a good camera.
  I'm sure it was perfectly sunny lighting,  but you can't, your brain almost doesn't acknowledge it.
  It looks like the thing you've seen,  and it looks like the leaked photos we've seen,  like the aerial shots, but the way it's lit  and the way it looks, you just keep looking at it  and going, I know what you're telling me.
  I know you're telling me this is real, but it's so crazy.
  I'm trying to think of there's anything  that renders a fantasy world that we're familiar with,  because it's not exactly like any of the video games.
  Obviously all the elements we know,  but it is a combination of things.
  But I can't think of anything else that you go,  oh, there it is.
  That is exactly it.
  There doesn't, I'm not gonna go,  oh, I wish this was a little better.
  No, it's perfect.
  I mean, to go back the road,  he's sort of Avatar and floating mountains,  but even that's like, no, most,  well, I was gonna say nobody.
  Most people besides Mike Carlson are not so enraptured  by the world of Pandora.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  As much as we, I think you forget that we've all,  I guess I forget that we've been around this Mario imagery  our whole lives and now it's rendered in real place  in some fashion.
  And Pandora is great  and the floating mountains effects are very cool,  but you go in there and you go, oh, this is awesome.
  This really is nice, it's a nice vibe in there.
  That's very cool.
  And it certainly suggests Pandora.
  But Pandora, when you see it on an IMAT,  you go, well, that's fully Pandora.
  The mountains are, the hallelujah mountains are so far up  and it's, you know, you get it, it's cool.
  And this is obviously an insane feat  that they've accomplished here, but with Nintendo,  you go, that's it, they've done it.
  That's it, that's perfect.
  Yeah.
  I can't think of a better one.
  And even, you know, it is interesting that,  I mean, obviously Galaxy's Edge is so jaw dropping  once you started seeing footage  and then being there in real life.
  But I, what I was, I think like,  it might be safe to say the most jaw dropping places  in theme parks in the last couple of years  have been Pandora and Galaxy's Edge.
  So, which are both very earthy and purposefully grimy  or not necessarily dirty, but you know, like,  realistic a little bit.
  So to see just like, here is a giant shiny cartoon,  primary color place.
  It felt like seeing a new Disneyland.
  It felt like Mickey's, if Mickey's Toontown was brand new,  the best, like the shiniest paint and 13 stories tall.
  It was crazy.
  Yeah, it's, yeah, I always thought that my first thought was,  oh, they're gonna have to repaint this a lot.
  Yeah.
  Oh, Jason, you're flipping through stills.
  The lineup of cups, you can be a gog at the exterior  and you should be, but man, I would like,  Aaron and I were both just like, oh, these cups,  the trophies of all of the Star Cup and the Flower Cup  and the Mario Kart, within the Mario Kart attraction,  which is the primary attraction and the thing.
  Just these are beautiful.
  Yeah.
  They're so shiny.
  I have no more deep observation than that.
  I will even give them credit.
  I think the trophy with the Universal logo on it,  I think it's cute and I think like,  God knows how many hours on phones someone had to like,  look, just give them this, just give Universal that,  just let them have this, okay?  Yeah, they earned it.
  It's really stupid, but it's really great.
  And I'm like, yeah, good for you.
  You made this happen.
  You get a trophy.
  I mean, we were texting about like the Bowser statue,  the massive Bowser statue, which,  there's a giant stairway that goes up to it.
  I mean, this is moody lighting.
  I saw it when reporters were there  and it kind of looked like you were going up the stairs  to a second level of a mall, which is also great.
  I'm happy about that.
  We love that.
  Yeah, big stupid Mario mall.
  Yeah.
  But in the stylized photos you're showing  with the staircase, I mean, it looks like,  it's completely a frame out of Mario Kart.
  Like you would drive a cart up the stairs  and bump all the way up them  and then encounter this massive Bowser statue.
  If for some reason a listener is not seeing this already  on Theme Park Twitter, I think we all maybe agreed  that the most exciting element  might've been this Bowser room.
  And I had a little lingering thought  and then Carly Weisel super confirmed  what I had vaguely thought of,  which she noted something in a press release  that we got sent with a lot of details about this place.
  Let me just pull her observation or the specific language.
  This is from what Universal sent out.
  The powerful scale of the statue makes one feel  as if Bowser will suddenly start to move.
  And then as Carly says, this makes me think  there may be more to the stone-gazza walls  than meets the eye.
  Right, like why would they say  if you feel like Bowser will start to move,  why would you put that in there  if there wasn't something up with that?  It moved just a little, like a vase in a horror movie,  like in The Shining, where they cut away from a shot  and they cut back and a chair is suddenly there  and no one addresses it.
  That would be wild.
  Hehehehehe.
  I mean, I don't wanna hype this up too much.
  Yes, that sounds incredible.
  This feels like, and I guess this is gonna sound like  I'm taking a shot at Galaxy's Edge  and I don't wanna take a shot at Galaxy's Edge,  but this feels like it's the Millennium Falcon area  of Galaxy's Edge, but everywhere.
  It's all Millennium Falcon.
  You know, we end up reiterating sides of this argument  and the Mike Mitchell side of things is like,  it should just be all the things you like  on top of each other.
  Just like, here's a vomit of all the major Star Wars things  and of course I see the argument of like,  no, it's gotta be more subtle and then, you know,  living your own story and making up a place  that's only in the park and I'm sold on that being  the correct way to do things  or at least a cool way to do things.
  And then you look at this and you're like,  uh oh, it's all the things right on top of each other.
  It's pretty satisfying.
  That's the problem.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'll tell you.
  And there's, yeah, go ahead.
  I was gonna say, I hadn't really paid much attention  to the stuff about the power bands.
  Now I feel like I've read everything they've put out  about it, but like, it's an upcharge.
  It is an upcharge, but it's like a Magic Band style thing  you can wear on your wrist.
  And then you sync it with an app,  which the app looks like you want it.
  It looks like a Mario game.
  Oh, and you're the, it's like a map of Super Mario World  and the little icon is like Mario is you.
  And then you're in where you're seeing  what Mario would see.
  And it's so good.
  It unlocks a different attraction.
  It unlocks like where you have to fight Bowser Jr.
  of course, to get the golden mushroom.
  We all know that.
  Yeah, wait, what are you talking about fighting Bowser Jr.
?  I don't really have a sense of what this is going to be.
  Where is he?  Where is he on this map?  He's in the press kit.
  Yeah, he looks very cute.
  I think we can agree he is cute, right?  Bowser Jr.
  Bowser Jr.
 is cute, yes.
  And everyone.
  Scary in his own way, but.
  I mean, I was going nuts.
  Just the yellow question mark box,  just all the people like at events jumping up  and hitting the boxes.
  I'm like, well, it looks like they might've done it.
  These people look like,  so we're looking at a picture of Bowser Jr.
  throwing the bomb at children.
  And there was a child jumping  and hitting one of the question blocks that has wings on it.
  This appears, and I don't know if,  they're not in Mario Kart.
  Because what we know right now is that there are two rides.
  I don't know we're getting both of them here.
  We're for sure getting Mario Kart in Hollywood,  but they have the Yoshi Omnimover ride and Mario Kart.
  And the Yoshi looks cute.
  The Yoshi Omnimover is very cute.
  I haven't seen this picture.
  Jeez.
  That's really cute.
  It looks so cute.
  But that picture you were showing me of Bowser Jr.
  the kids are standing.
  I wonder if there's just like a little area  to walk in in the land where like you put AR goggles on  and you fight him or something.
  I don't know.
  They don't have goggles on,  which is what you do get on Mario Kart.
  But I don't know.
  What does this mean?  We're looking at a photo where, yeah,  Bowser Jr.
 is throwing a bomb and he's in that whatever.
  If you know the name of the floating, the clown orb.
  I did at one point.
  I love that.
  That first came in Mario, Super Mario World on Super Nintendo.
  I mean, that's cool.
  But then there's bullets flying around.
  There's bombs on parachutes.
  There's question mark boxes.
  Like, what is that?  What are we looking at?  What is this going to be in reality?  Yeah.
  It's a good question.
  It's insanely exciting.
  Yeah.
  Did you see how the bands have the little eyes  like all the hills do,  and all the inanimate objects do in Mario?  Yeah.
  Little simple like lion eyes.
  Go back to the Jason,  go back to that like promo picture with Mario Kart.
  This one?  Yeah.
  Yeah, this one.
  Yeah.
  So talking about Mario Kart,  it's a two,  it's basically there's going to be two cars full of humans.
  And I think we've maybe talked to like,  we think this is what it was,  but this is now confirmed because you can see in the videos  now that they're inside that loading area.
  They don't have any footage from on the ride yet,  but they know exactly that it's going to be two cars  full of humans,  four people in each car,  and you'll be racing the other humans.
  But you will, I think from rumors,  and this picture might confirm it,  you will run into robots like Mario and Bowser on carts  while you're like racing.
  And you think those are practical and not CG images.
  I don't know for sure,  but I'm fingers crossed they are.
  Let's keep picking this photo apart  because I haven't seen this.
  There's clearly an underwater level.
  There's a bunch of piranha fish, like bonefish.
  There's a big scary lava Bowser.
  You got a rainbow road way back there.
  I mean, that's not news to any,  of course there's going to be some rainbow road,  but seeing it practically is so exciting.
  You got a swamp and like a,  it looks like a library,  and it's a ghost house or a Luigi's Mansion kind of spot.
  Yeah.
 And that's all,  I've heard rumors about that  and then there's goggles on the ride.
  So that this makes, this kind of confirms,  I think the rumors of, yeah,  like maybe there's like even eight,  eight different little worlds in the ride itself.
  Wow.
 Oh my God.
  And then, and then they also confirmed in that video  that I saw that you do have AR goggles.
  Do you have a picture of those Jason here?  No, this is- I had no idea  what the goggles were going to be and what a reveal.
  And it's like a little cap,  it's like a little Mario cap with the goggles attached,  which I saw somebody say online like,  man, the cast members are really going to have to  beg people to give these back.
  Oh yeah.
 Yes.
  Well, they're going to have to-  Not to mention the post COVID, like,  where like, this is, we haven't talked about this in general.
  Like what is going to happen to the idea of 3D glasses  on rides for a while?  Like, all right, we'll go back into the parks,  but am I going to wear something  that you put in front of me that someone else wore?  As we've seen though, even before COVID,  there is a very extensive cleaning process.
  Oh yes, we got a backstage view.
  We were very lucky at Despicable Me, Minion Mayhem  and got a very confusing tour  that we still don't know why we got.
  I couldn't know, the cast members could not explain it to us,  but they took us back and we saw how they cleaned the glasses.
  Yeah, look, the glasses start dry in a pile  and then they end up in a nice line  and they're really wet and, you know,  put two and two together, okay?  Great, I don't know, these droplets I trust.
  You see droplets, you know you're safe.
  I guess so, I mean, I'm glad,  I'm glad a lot of all of this is coming to Japan first  because I just feel like those parks are,  you know, the attention to detail is so much greater  in a lot of ways, but like, especially that,  because this land is opening February 4th, 2021.
  So, I mean, even just for like the psychological effect,  they're really gonna need to clean those AR headsets  at the beginning.
  Oh, of course, yeah.
  Yeah, really.
  I can't believe it's this soon.
  And, you know, we're gonna get various iterations of it.
  Maybe Florida will end up with all of it.
  We in Hollywood are going to get at least some portion of it.
  Maybe the Marriott Cart Ride, maybe something else.
  But for a while, this will be, you know,  Osaka will be the only place with the full version of it.
  And my wrong, or does this make Universal Japan  now a must visit place?  Like, you know, Mike and I both went to Japan  and we did not go to Universal Japan.
  I was certainly thinking about it,  but like, you know, it was a little far from where I was,  you'd really have to make a special trip.
  Now I'm making the special trip.
  Of course I'm going to this thing.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, I mean, this was supposed to open this year.
  I had, I said, I'm sure I've said this many times  on the show.
  I kind of secretly was like,  maybe we could sneak a quick Universal trip  to see this before the Olympics.
  But yeah, depending, especially obviously depending on  exactly what ours looks like.
  And the construction, by the way, in Hollywood is crazy.
  Like it's very vertical.
  The whole Mario Kart building is enclosed.
  They seem like they're pretty far along.
  I wouldn't be surprised if like the end of next year  it opens here.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  But I mean, maybe it's that, maybe it's the summer after,  maybe it's, I don't know.
  I wonder if we get Yoshi's Adventure  because it, like, I'm not, nobody said that  and I suspect that we don't,  but being that it is like a seemingly a smaller ride  that could be part of the same campus,  maybe we do get it.
  But I also don't, I'm kind of pulling that out of my ass.
  I just like see little Yoshi's on the same building  as other stuff, but maybe it is a whole big mechanism  that we won't be getting.
  I don't know.
  That's the, the rumor is we're not.
  And I think, I don't know.
  I'm not sure.
  I wouldn't be able to say for sure,  but I think the rumor is we're not.
  And I don't, I haven't seen anyone say like,  oh, look at the construction.
  It does look like we're getting it yet.
  So it takes more shape maybe.
  Maybe there'll be like a version of it where like,  Yoshi's will pop out in that area,  but it's actually not a ride.
  Yeah.
  Who knows?  But you get some 3D Yoshi's.
  Can I read from that same press release,  some details about Yoshi's Adventure,  which it's easy to lose sight of Yoshi's Adventure  being that Mario Kart is so exciting.
  But I mean, this sounds delightful.
  This is the story.
  Captain Toad has forgotten his treasure map.
  Guests need to find the three colored eggs  that lead the way to the golden egg  that Captain Toad was seeking.
  Guests will encounter a spectacular view  of the Mushroom Kingdom from Mount Beanpole  on this ride that's fun for the whole family.
  But why is Toad a captain?  Well, Scott, you're- I can't wait to find out.
  Scott, you did not obviously play the Nintendo game  Captain Toad's Treasure Tracker.
  I did not.
 Really?  I haven't heard of it even.
  Yes.
  This is a couple, I believe a couple of years ago.
  I'll double check.
  Yes, where they made Toad a captain.
  Captain Toad's Treasure Tracker.
  He had been stuck in private for too long,  so he earned it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it came out in 2014.
  And it was like a kind of a Mario, a little bit.
  I don't, I play, did I play it?  I played a little of it.
  It was kind of a 3D platformer  where yeah, you would find treasure as Toad.
  And Toad has like a big light on his giant Toad hat.
  Like, hold on, let me share this with you  just so you can get a glimpse of what Toad looks like  when he's a captain.
  Please, yes.
  Show me this hat at once.
  There you go.
  Oh, like a, like a miner hat.
  And he's okay.
  So he, and he's searching for stuff and I see,  but he's searching for the three eggs  and you have to find them  because then you can get the golden egg.
  Right, exactly.
  So yes, Captain Toad.
  But yes, I love that they're using  the Captain Toad mythology.
  There's so much here and there's so much,  there's so much, also when you see this, you go,  your mind goes crazy with what else they can do  because if they're gonna do it this level right off the bat,  what else are we getting?  Now we know in Japan,  they've started on the expansion already.
  Oh, okay.
  There's like pictures of the, of them like even laying  like roller coaster track for the Donkey Kong area.
  Oh my God.
  There's a full Donkey Kong country, like jungle area  with a mine cart coaster coming to Japan for sure.
  Again, not to Galaxy's Edge compare,  but like now here's a phase two that you save  that nobody's complaining about.
  Like, because they've, you're getting everything you want  in this phase one.
  And phase two sounds unbelievable,  but this rollout I don't think will be a problem  for anybody.
  Yeah, and it's like,  I don't think you're gonna go on the Donkey Kong jungle ride  and it's gonna be like, you're gonna be looking for Coaxium.
  I think you're gonna go, you're gonna find bananas,  you're gonna see Cranky Kong,  you're gonna see Funky Kong and you're gonna go,  that's all I want.
  Yeah, thank you.
  Yeah, I don't wanna be a statistic  who's moaning about Star Wars, but what I mean,  come on Coaxium sucks, golden eggs, now we're talking.
  This is great.
  What should that ride be that?  I don't know, R2-D2 got lost.
  And then he had to get him with a magnet.
  We forgot him.
  And he's stuck to the front of the Falcon.
  You're just looking for, you see other droids,  see all the ones you like, you see them.
  You wave at them, they wave at you, they say you're great.
  And Ewok got lost, you gotta go  deliver an Ewok to his friends.
  Jar Jar Binks, it'd be nice to see Jar Jar Binks.
  There should be so much more Jar Jar Binks in it, obviously.
  I'm not being facetious, but when you look at this  and then there's like, you go, what is the,  said F, what is Zelda gonna look like?  Like when they do Zelda, like holy shit.
  And the sky is the limit here.
  Why'd you say shit?  I don't know.
  The rules are all over the map.
  I'm very tired.
  I don't know what rules I'm even.
  Yeah, we say the F word a lot.
  It's the Patreon.
  Who cares?  Yeah, so, I mean, I'm a big fan  and they haven't really done a great game in a while,  but I am a big Star Fox fan.
  So when we're talking about Millennium Falcon,  my mind races with a, wouldn't it be great  to get a full Star Fox ride?  Well, have they done a Donkey Kong Country game in a while?  They have, but it hasn't been like,  they did a Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze  where the jungle freezes a couple years ago, I believe.
  Oh, that's fun.
  Yeah, so.
  What else is like primary mythology?  What would be like,  what would be the next thing to incorporate?  Is it just, is it another angle of Mario  or does something else, it is Super Nintendo World,  not Super Mario World.
  Right, the sky is the limit here  because there's so many different versions now  at this point, like, you know, there's Mario Galaxy,  which is Mario in space.
  There's Mario Odyssey.
  There's Luigi's Mansion, which is, you know,  Luigi is a Ghostbuster, essentially.
  Like that's, I've seen people say like a haunted mansion  style Luigi ride.
  There's.
  Metroid.
  Wario, oh, like a scary aliens.
  Like a scary shooter.
  Style Metroid game.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  I mean, Metroid's very cool.
  What was that other one that was like kind of a paintball  game that was like a big hit a few years ago?  Do you wanna talk about the kids that like.
  Are you talking about Splatoon?  That was a Nintendo creation, wasn't it?  Is that right?  I can't, I don't know that.
  I'm not sure.
  There's Pikmin, which I've heard of rumors  that Pikmin are gonna be a little hanging around.
  Oh, that's cute.
  Game and Watch Gallery?  All of the old guys?  I want some weird Wario ride.
  I'm a big Wario fan.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Talk about dump truck asses.
  That's right.
  I wanna see Wario's dump truck ass.
  I'm sure, I mean, they'll probably get a glimpse  of him on Mario Kart, but he deserves his own ride.
  Yeah.
  I mean, this whole thing, like this is,  this absolutely is its own theme park.
  If they want it to be.
  It's almost bizarre that it's a land and not,  and I just think the excitement for this is gonna be  through the roof.
  This is gonna be bonkers.
  This is, yeah, I cannot imagine that this is not going to be  just crazy packed for five years, if not longer.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think, yeah, this is gonna be,  I think it's going to blow expectations out of the water,  whereas Galaxy's Edge might not have,  it was still very popular, but not like  maybe they thought it was going to be.
  So yeah, very exciting.
  Yeah, geez.
  I mean, where do we go from there?  Cause there's more news, but it's not,  now with the pity, the poor thing that has to follow  the Super Nintendo World.
  Oh, yeah, I know.
  I think I can wrap it all.
  I can tie it all together.
  I mean, this is less exciting.
  It kind of covers the world.
  Oh, Mike, did you have something?  Well, I do.
  I have a little something here.
  I have something, I just, there was a piece of news  that came out and it really isn't a piece of news  that is surprising to us,  but it is, I saw a lot of people tweeting and sharing it.
  So I just wanted to acknowledge it real quick.
  There was a CNN article  a couple of weeks ago.
  The title is of the article is George Clooney  once gave 14 friends $1 million each in cash.
  All right.
  So we just got a lot of-  I made my thoughts.
  Yeah, yeah, no, this is real quick.
  This is real quick.
  This is one of the people, people were talking about it.
  So I just wanted to acknowledge it that yes,  obviously this is catching on.
  CNN felt like they needed to do another piece about it.
  And this, I'm just going to take this opportunity too,  and I've already forgotten the name.
  Jason and I, of course, we're starting our own-  Buenos Ninos.
 Tequila line.
  That's right, yeah.
 Buenos Ninos Tequila.
  And we had offered to Scottie politely declined  and that's fine.
  That's totally cool.
  We don't always have to be in sync with each other.
  No, we can have side endeavors.
  But I do want to say that I will say,  we wanted a third person and I offered it to someone  and he has sent me a response.
  And I asked, I said, will you go in on this with us?  And it is a friend of the show.
  Interesting.
  I have a feeling.
  I have a tingling feeling.
  And I say, look, I actually don't know  what is in this audio message.
  I've been sitting on this and I want to respond.
  I want to hear this live with you guys.
  Okay, an offer was put out and-  Yeah, so here, I'll say this.
  I offered it to Nick Mundy to be the third member  of the Buenos Ninos Tequila crew.
  The, well, hardly a Bueno Nino though.
  Right, of course.
  But maybe we need a-  Molo hombre.
  Of course.
  So let me just play this and we'll see this  and react to this now to see what he had said  after I made a very generous offer to him.
  Hey, Carlson and Sheridan, right?  Sheridan?  Yeah, Sheridan.
  Hey, it's my name.
  Hey, what's up?  Yeah, sorry, if it's hard to hear me, I'm in my pool.
  Look, I'll take the 20% for the beer.
  But I want to be paid in crypto.
  Chainlink Fence and OMG Coin, all right?  I'm now the crypto dandy.
  And I will not take a picture next to you on a bike  unless you up it to 30%.
  The dandy needs his coins.
  All right, so just send me the beer  and I'll do a taste test and then, yeah,  let's sign up the paperwork.
  All right, yeah, all right, bye.
  It's Mundy, by the way.
  No.
  Okay.
  Okay, all right.
  It's your offer, I guess inconclusive.
  I guess it's not a no, it's not a no.
  It's not a no.
  I offered him 20% and Jason and I splitting 40  like we offered Scott.
  So it sounds like he would be in if we up it to 30  and it also sounds like he wants his money  in cryptocurrency, which it's possible, look,  as far as crypto, which I haven't talked about,  it looks like we might be in a bull market, fellas,  as far as crypto is concerned.
  Yeah, indeed, it's a good time to be the crypto dandy.
  Is that, was it the Bitcoin dandy?  What was he, which kind of dandy?  Or did he say coin?  Did he say coin dandy?  He's the coin dandy?  I will say this, I text with Mundy sometimes about crypto  and there's a lot of different crypto characters  on Twitter that I am entertained by  and one of them is named the Coin Dad.
  And Mundy can't be Coin Dad, so I think that's,  should I go back? No.
  And other people, there's a whole thing with crypto  where people like to buy Lambos.
  Crypto people like Lambos, Lamborghinis,  so presumably there's, you know,  there's a rap song I'm very fond of that goes like,  crypto fam, we're going to Lambo land.
  So he can't be a land, probably a Lambo guy.
  Maybe he could be, maybe Lambo lad isn't taken, but.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah, but it's his choice and Coin Dandy  sounds fine to me.
  I respect him, I respect his sticking to his guns  on certain photography and motorcycle based issues.
  He's a man of character.
  I think it's going to be, I mean, if, okay,  I think we can probably meet him at 30%, but let's see.
  Maybe when COVID is over, Jason, you, me and Mundy  will take a picture on bicycles together  and sort of get this thing back going.
  Well, it sounds like you and I are going to be on bicycles  and it seems like the best we can hope for  is him begrudgingly standing next to us.
  Yeah, I guess you're right.
  I don't know, maybe this isn't going to,  we're going to have to do a lot of this off podcast,  but it sounds like there'll be more negotiations  to get our tequila brand, Buenos Dinos, off the ground.
  Cause yeah, we got to get it rolling here.
  We got to get on this gravy train.
  I mean, celebrity alcohol coming out every day practically.
  No, look, I'm regretting it a bit.
  I guess I'm a little jealous.
  I mean, of the three of you getting to hang out,  even if it is two of you on motorcycles  and the other one just glaring at them.
  I don't know, maybe I need to get it, find a way in.
  Can I be the guy who makes the caps or something?  The, oh, the caps of the tequila?  Yeah, yeah, can I be your cap guy?  It's not like Mundy didn't know what the alcohol was,  but that's, I mean, maybe, yeah, you can be the cap guy.
  I can be the cap dandy.
  The cap dandy, sure.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, we can talk about that.
  Yeah, we'll talk about.
  All right, then I think I'm not betraying anything.
  I'm not involved in the tequila.
  I'm just involved in, really involved in keeping  the tequila inside, maybe, in some cases,  preventing people from having it.
  So maybe this is my way to get involved.
  You'll be like the third silent partner  of Casamigos a little bit more.
  Yes, yeah.
  You're a party boy, but you're not sort of out in front  in the marketing.
  Man, I've been an ooey gooey guy at the beginning of this  and a party boy, and now I'm like,  the one that I wanna be is the cap dandy.
  What's going on?  Well, this is all, again, this is all off podcast  negotiation, I think.
  Yeah.
  Okay, well, now what?  Well, I'll wrap it.
  I mean, I just had some rapid fire stuff.
  So bringing it back to domestic,  and I guess some international of the Disney parks.
  Josh Demaro addressed the International Association  of Amusement Parks and Attractions.
  It's a trade group, the IAAPA,  just kind of giving the Disney parks  like an update about where projects are,  and the Disney parks blog kind of ran down on them too.
  I was interested to discover the IAAPA was founded in 1918  compared to the TIA,  the themed entertainment association was founded in 1991  and is headquartered right in Burbank.
  So we could go down there, you know?  Yeah, it's by the wildcard.
  We've eaten below them.
  So we could petition, or we could pitch ourselves in person.
  So.
  Yeah.
  Maybe if they're pliable and willing to,  if they'll accept some tequila-based bribery,  and if not that, then an angry third partner  who now goes by coin dandy,  waving a bottle around threateningly  in front of their faces,  then we'll for sure get to host this thing.
  Well, he's gonna have to have a cane.
  If he's a true dandy, he's gonna have to have  like some sort of ornate cane to waggle at them, you know?  Yeah, I think he'd look great with that.
  That's a great accessory for the coin dandy.
  Oh, I agree.
  So yeah, post-COVID, that's gonna be,  we're gonna go right over there.
  Yeah.
  I'm gonna get the vaccine and I'm gonna drive right over.
  Yeah.
  To the stop.
  The headquarters.
  The headquarters.
  For some meats, for some freshly carved meats.
  Yeah.
  Get all full of meat rage.
  Yeah.
  So.
  What else you got, Jason?  Basically, like the gist of all of this  was like not really any revelations.
  A lot of like flogging about like,  it was so hard to lay off.
  I think they're up to 20% of the TheeBart employees.
  You're gonna end with a layoff?  No, I'm just saying.
  I mean.
  Yeah, they keep laying people off.
  They keep laying people off.
  It sucks ass.
  It's awful.
  The bye-bye biker went without a paycheck  for about a month.
 For a month.
  And then was back to collecting $20 million a month  while they laid off like a hundred thousand people.
  It sucks ass.
  Of course we'd talk about it all the time  if we weren't a comedy puck.
  It's so awful.
  Yeah, just just just wretched.
  And if anybody listening has been affected,  we're terribly sorry.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure they have.
  It's so many people at this point  while the Eiger and Chapek get their millions.
  Yeah.
  And I just, I mean, these trade presentations,  I watch a lot of them.
  They're very dry and boring.
  I just had to laugh though at the one where he's like,  you know, let's ask ourselves,  why not take our guests to the moon  or bring the moon to our guests?  Well, the reason you can't, Josh,  the reason you cannot dare to dream big  is because you unfortunately laid off the moon crew.
  That is why.
  So moon stuff's gonna have to wait.
  The gist of all this like project updates they put out  is like if it's broken ground, it's still happening.
  Tron's still going.
  Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind.
  The Omni Coaster is still going.
  Remy's Ratatouille Adventure, Avengers Campus, you know.
  The video of the Omni Coaster, by the way,  does look cool.
  Oh, that's great.
  It does look cool.
  Yeah, for Guardians of the Galaxy.
  Then back, okay, back to the.
  Back to the rapid fire.
  The Galactic Star Cruisers, they showed the rooms  where as I've said in the past, people will make love.
  They're very tiny.
  There's bunk bed holes carved out of the wall.
  How many people are gonna lose their minds  in those Star Wars hotel rooms?  Those tiny little boxes.
  No window.
  Yeah.
  You know, I'm just, I've just been after months and months  of being trapped in my own home.
  Now I wanna be trapped somewhere without a window.
  To the metal box.
  You pay a lot of money to do it.
  Couldn't they be like themed like Anakin's room  in the prequel, like Padme's room in the prequels?  Yeah, Padme's room.
  Yeah.
  You know what I'm talking about.
  Of course.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
  When she's sitting on the couch.
  Remember when Obi-Wan jumps through,  there's like a droid that's like surveilling,  like doing surveillance on them.
  And he jumps out the window and he flies through Coruscant.
  Yeah.
  That's.
  Sure.
  You know what I'm talking about, prequels.
  And hey, since you bring up the prequels,  I had a note written down because they, you know,  Avengers campus clearly not opening for a while  at California Adventure,  but they started selling the spider bots  or they're about to at downtown Disney.
  And that's kind of like episode one,  cause you could get sent away from Mace Windu action figure  months and months before episode one came out.
  So.
  So you're getting the hype real for the spider bots,  which I believe you have to like beat in that ride  and the Spider-Man ride coming to California Adventure.
  Yeah, wait, yeah, they're bad.
  The webs, what's that Scott?  The spider bots are bad.
  I think they're like out of control for some reason,  but they're not necessarily bad.
  I think they go like some,  maybe like some villain breaks in  and like programs them to do something.
  That's my understanding.
  They're like flubbers.
  Yeah.
  Like the flubbers not bad,  but then they have a party that's way out of control.
  Right.
  It's just too many bits, just a zoning issue.
  And then of course, and then you use your wrist  and you do spider, the thwip, the Spider-Man thwip thing,  motion with your fingers to shoot them with webs on that.
  Yeah.
  On that ride.
  So I assume they ordered a certain amount of spider bots  and we're like, oh shit, we have to move some of these.
  Yeah.
  We got to move some of these out before next summer.
  Mike, I think they ordered a lot of skews  and they have shirts and all sorts of things  because I believe it's expanded now.
  Like, hey, we got Avengers campus,  we got shirts and jackets, we got a lot for sale.
  Christmas is coming.
  A lot of Galaxy's edge merges in Target as well.
  They just pushed out a lot of that stuff into Target  because yeah, that started.
  They have nowhere to sell it.
  So it's gotta go somewhere.
  Yeah, and they're selling Aronto wraps  at the Starbucks in Target.
  I mean, that sounds great.
  I'd be psyched, it's like a mobile order.
  Each Starbucks has a big podracer engine  in the middle of it now.
  They're actually cooking, yeah,  they're heating up every drink, every single drink  with a giant podracer engine.
  That's the only way to prepare one of those.
  It takes more power, like 40 times the power  of the entire Target just to make your coffee hot.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that's fun, that's good.
  Targets have been great.
  Yeah, if you haven't been,  maybe people haven't been going out,  but the Galaxy's edgified Targets are great.
  Great job, Brian Cornell.
  They moved a lot of, yeah, statues,  ancient Jedi statues into Target.
  So yeah, so you're seeing things pop up  that would have been in the parks.
  You're seeing Butterbeer pop up in City Walk  because Universal Hollywood is not open as well.
  There's a little, where the Ludo Bird chicken was,  you can now get a Butterbeer  and some other Harry Potter treats, I guess.
  But now you have to take it to go  because everything's closed in the city.
  But also we're on stay at home orders again,  so we're not supposed to be outside.
  Yes, we are, I'm supposed to right now,  essentially go to a certain drive-through  theme park experience that I'm questioning.
  Well, if everything, if I can't do anything in this city,  why can I do that?  But I guess I can and I'm going to.
  I wouldn't put it past this certain entity  to just cancel it and not tell anybody.
  I'll get there and the park will be dark.
  There's just no lights on  and there was no email or refund.
  The rules are confusing  because you can still go into stores, but you can't.
  What?  Oh boy, well, this might be coming up for us soon.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So anyway, yes.
  We'll save it.
  Oh, and one last funny detail.
  I don't believe this was announced in the presentation,  but people have started to notice,  it mentioned in some literature,  people are like, what's going to get canceled?  What's not going to happen now from like announced stuff?  And other than the spaceship Earth redo  is pretty much confirmed to be canceled.
  It appears that the festival center at Epcot,  that cool three-story sort of like plant-filled area  that was going to be a big part of a world celebration,  as we all know the different worlds.
  Festival center has been downgraded  to the Epcot festival area.
  So make of that what you will,  but I think that's pretty funny.
  The Epcot festival bench.
  Yeah.
  It's a nice bench, a new bench or refurbished bench.
  All right, it's not a new bench,  but it's got a fresh coat of paint.
  And yeah, it says like the world,  they painted the words of the world on the back.
  It says harmony on it.
  Really big.
  Yeah, you know.
  It's gonna be great.
  It's a great, big, beautiful tomorrow.
  What a bizarre world,  yeah, where it's this odd compromised list,  and then, you know, and this Titan of Imagineering  is stepping down, maybe partially fueled by  that none of his dreams can come true  for the next decade or so.
  Well, I guess that's just what it is.
  That's what we live in, but meanwhile in Japan,  holy shit, the greatest thing you've ever seen.
  It's unbelievable.
  I think Universal's winning the war again.
  Yeah, and I especially,  and then of course the cool Nintendo thing  is built out here is like maybe halfway done.
  I don't know how, yeah, we're like,  Universal is going to end up with a little bit of an edge  because it'll have like the biggest, newest, coolest thing  just kind of by luck.
  I mean, Avengers campus will open next year,  but I cannot imagine that's going to be anywhere near  as well received as Nintendo land.
  Yeah, probably not.
  But yeah, I mean, as long as there's cool things  happening somewhere, and if we get some Nintendo stuff  and if we get Coin Daddy's, Coin Dandy's firm,  firm, his wise grip on this business enterprise,  then I think maybe 2021 is going to be great.
  Yeah, so I think, yeah, as long as I look,  there's, I saw tweets, vaccines are in the air,  they've landed places.
  Well, you know, they're already in the water.
  All right, Jason, that's another podcast.
  All right, you survived podcast, The Ride,  news and stories and odds and ends edition.
  More fun coming as always to podcast  The Ride of the Second Gate.
  Stay subscribed as you are now.
  Tell your friends to subscribe.
  I don't know what to do as the call to action at the end.
  Just like, you don't have to tell your friends,  but do, I don't know, we're doing fun stuff here.
  And some fun sequels coming out soon.
  That's the tease.
  That's some fun sequels, perhaps this month,  holiday treats, so stay tuned.
  I'm gonna go drive my car through a theme park.
  Goodbye.
  Bye.
  Goodbye.
