 Forever.
  Dog.
  Step right up, step right up for a podcast episode like no other, full of Mark's looky  loos and talk of the Chicago World's Fair that for once does not lead to H.
H.
 Holmes'  murder castle.
  Leanne Bowen joins us to discuss carnivals on today's thrilling podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the show hosted by three cake-eating Marks.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I am here, my name is Mike Carlson and I am a cake-eating Mark.
  Figurative, I am both figurative and literal cake-eating Mark.
  Scott Gerrarder here, of course, as well.
  Yeah, am I correct, Jason, that you did you also visit a website devoted to carny lingo?  Scott, I visited any number of websites about carny lingo and reached the point where I'm like,  I have to set up to record, I have to tap out at the letter K.
  I had to tap out because so much of the lingo was making me uncomfortable.
  A lot of it was very upsetting to me.
  I don't know if you were looking at the same one as me, but even more upsetting than the lingo itself  was the graphic design of the white comic sans over just bright blue.
  It was upsetting to look at, not a visual carnival in the least.
  That is exactly where I ended up.
  I started on a website with like 12 terms and I was like, this isn't enough, there has to be more.
  Be careful what you wish for because you're really getting to the weeds there.
  I'm excited about that carny language because it has so much crossover with pro wrestling slang.
  Yes, I encounter a lot of that too.
  So I am a mark for cake.
  I ate a cake last week and when I say I ate a cake, I ate the whole cake.
  I did the whole thing myself.
  Solo?  Yes, solo.
  Why'd that come about?  It was a smaller cake.
  Yeah, Lindsay was gone for a couple days.
  So when no one's around, you're going to have to eat that whole cake.
  Jason, you know what I'm saying.
  Hey, brother, I know what you're talking about, especially when no one's around  or if people are around, you know.
  Let's bring our guest in to see what she thinks about eating a cake alone.
  She is not a mark.
  In carnival parlance, actually once was an agent, a worker of the carnival.
  She is a writer and producer, I believe, on the Apple TV show, Ted Lasso.
  Right.
 Yes, she's not.
  Yes, that's correct.
  It's Leanne Bowen.
  Thank you.
  I'm trying to learn podcast etiquette and something in my brain is like,  you can't talk until your name is said.
  Hey.
  Yeah, I want to say for future, any other future appearances here,  otherwise, and any guests on our show, feel free to interrupt us anytime.
  It doesn't matter.
  Nothing we're saying is important.
  So, yeah, no, no.
  No, okay.
  Yes, it's true.
  I was an agent.
  Yes, I am a writer on Ted Lasso.
  What is a mark?  I don't know what a mark is.
  Oh, it's like a rub.
  It's a sucker.
  A rub.
  A sucker.
  It's somebody that can be taken advantage of, essentially.
  So like if it's a crooked carnival game.
  I get it.
  Yes, that guy with the short arms, he's the mark for a baseball tossing.
  Like, because you can't throw it.
  I get it.
  With short arms, yes.
  So yeah, you're limited.
  You're not going to smash those bottles down.
  Oh, I hope and I don't mean to be ableist.
  I don't know.
  I guess short arms could also throw very far.
  I apologize.
  You're just saying, oh, you're just saying it's the descriptor to point out somebody.
  It's like a red hat.
  Yeah, that guy can sing and play the piano.
  He can't throw a baseball.
  That's exactly.
  Yeah, a Jason Sheridan type, you know, where it's like that doesn't make any sense.
  What is he?  Yes, mark comes from the carnies when they would, you know, after someone lost a game,  they would pat them on the back with chalk on their hands.
  So you would literally look like other workers would look for the marks in the crowd and  start and try to lure them over like, come here, come here, try this game now.
  You know, that's amazing.
  That's amazing.
  That sounds it seems really smart.
  I will say that's kind of the energy that I could see happening.
  I didn't see that happening on the carnival, but like they seem like a very tight knit  community and I could see them having little secret things going on like that.
  It was it was it was really interesting.
  Yeah.
  So so yeah, just to officially say we're talking carnivals today.
  Yes.
  We haven't done a lot of carnival talk on podcast the ride.
  So yeah, we're going to finally address some of these topics.
  I know everybody wants to know about.
  And with the broader umbrella of carnivals, you know, it seems like Leanne, like you're  in was a carnival that you that you worked at in the recent past, but the broader umbrella  also seems to include circa 1890s, you know, like weird train side hobo era that, you know,  you did not work at a carnival in the 1890s just to get that out of the way.
  It was I think 2015.
  Oh, fairly recently then.
  Fairly recent.
  I don't know if there's been a lot of like advances in carny like culture.
  So there might be some like, like hanging out some hanging honors of the 1800s.
  But yeah, it's interesting.
  I didn't I wasn't seeking I guess I wasn't looking to work at a carnival.
  Actually, it was interesting because I ran a red light and I had like a $400 ticket and  I usually would pay it.
  But for some reason, I decided to go down to the courtroom and I didn't know that you  can do community service instead of paying tickets.
  I was like, oh, I'm never paying a ticket again.
  I'll just do community service.
  I thought it was something like cleaning up the side of the road or, you know, I don't  know, doing something I saw down the street from my house.
  There's like like work or carnival.
  And I was like, are you serious?  I get to work a carnival.
  Like I would have done that on a Saturday just to like hang out and see what it was like.
  So it was cool.
  It was really I.
  Yeah, I went down there and I was maybe the oldest person that was working.
  It was it must have been city run or something because it was a city of Los Angeles.
  And there was this older lady sitting in it.
  It was at a high school and this older lady sitting in the physical education office.
  And then literally it was me and like six teenagers that were that were the like  authority on this carnival.
  And they gave us she just gave us walkie talkies and keys to the go-karts.
  And she's like, yeah, just make sure like all the trash is taken out and like make sure  all the trash bins are taken over here.
  Make sure all they have all what they need, because basically they would hire this company.
  And I'm using finger quotes because they seem more like a roving community of of drifters.
  That was that and they basically ran each stand.
  They set it up.
  They planned it all out like it was their deal.
  And we just were sort of I guess.
  And I don't remember seeing security there.
  And then so, yes, that's all I did all day.
  And at the end of the day, I was like, OK, guys, pick up your.
  And then when I was done, she was like, here, pick up your envelope of tickets.
  Go have fun.
  I was like, oh, shit, I get to go like go on rides and stuff.
  But I oh, I can go on.
  It's crazy.
  I carnival rides after seeing them set it up, it terrifies me.
  Like I had to sit.
  I'll stop talking a little while you guys can go.
  No, please.
  But I think I got there at like 6 a.
m.
  and I got the run of the land and then they showed up at like 8 a.
m.
  And as they were coming in, I was directing them.
  And then one guy like rolled down his window.
  He's like, hey, where's the nearest liquor store?  And I was like, cool.
  OK, you're going to set up a ride and then go get liquor.
  So yeah, I carnival rides, if you have a feeling like they're scary  or you shouldn't go on it, your feeling is probably right because it is it's crazy.
  I relatively unvetted community of folks, at least in the one that you experienced setting it out.
  Did you feel just like random people who are strong or not strong?  I think not strong.
  I think they they're just regular people.
  They they feel like like if I feel I don't want to be like mean,  but I've been like, I don't know, like, has anyone been to Fresno?  They all were like, I feel like, oh, this is a family from Bakersfield.
  They're like, we can get into the carney business.
  And they they would they have these huge like wrenches that were like the size of my body  and they would set up these big rides and then they would just sit at them all day  and take tickets and nothing broke.
  Thank God.
  When you were illustrating that, you had kind of a miserable pose as if  the people who set these things up with the giant wrenches then just stare bitterly at their  creation all day.
  Absolutely.
  There was no joy.
  There was no joy.
  I think the people that had more like pizzazz were the people running the games because,  you know, you have to engage people.
  But even then it was just like, like I've been to like a county fair and it feels a little more fun,  but this was just a little sadder because it was at a high school in the valley.
  And yeah, it just wasn't it didn't have what like the Orange County for the county fair,  the LA County Fair had.
  But the craziest thing that happened was there was a little girl who I swear to God had to be 14.
  It was a family fair too.
  So, you know, clearly his family fair and she looked like she had giant angel wings  tattooed on her back.
  And I was like, first of all, she's a baby.
  Why is she working at this carnival and why does she have giant angel wings tattooed on her back?  It was it was such an experience.
  I wish I had talked to Pete, talked to them more, but I think I was just,  I yeah, I just keep in your head down to some extent.
  Yeah, I keep my head down.
  Try not to let stuff follow me.
  Yeah, it's interesting because I mean, we would have there would be a yearly carnival that would  be at the church by our house and we would always go.
  I think I've told the story before I got thrown up on on the Tilt-A-Whirl.
  There were five there were, yeah, five of us in a Tilt-A-Whirl car.
  My friend next to me, me, it might be six, it was six.
  And then my sister.
  That's too many.
  Yeah, that's far too many.
  Far too many.
  I could see the car and just be like, get in, that's fine, get in, everyone get in.
  Well, yeah, when my when my friend turned to me and said, I'm going to be sick.
  And I was trying to yell at the operator, my friend is going to be sick.
  Didn't matter.
  It didn't.
  That isn't a concern.
  And then I was the buffer.
  I got all the throw up and my sister and other two friends did not get any throw up on them.
  Oh, my God.
  But there was you definitely like kind of felt like, oh, everybody that works here,  like is a fan, like they all know each other.
  Like it's they've been obviously on the road forever because this is sort of just  they're like traveling musicians or something like they've just been the road warriors.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  She's got a roadie stuff, too, where it's this like just massive.
  You sort of don't think about the scale of this stuff and the setup and tear down and how briefly  some of it can be up.
  And in just my my vague research, hearing about shifts that are 24 hours long of setting up a  Ferris wheel and then having to drive it all night and all day to the next place,  that sounds like incredibly tiring, which might be where that might be where I ran into  the carny term beanies.
  Jason, did you read about beanies?  I think I read about beanies, but I think I've forgotten more than I've ever known about  carny Lego at this point.
  This one jumped out because beanies are amphetamines because if you have to do stuff,  if you have to do that level of stuff for 24 hours, like to set up a tear down an entire  Ferris wheel and then drive for the entire rest of the day, you might need a little help.
  You might need a little bit of beanies.
  But again, is this what I'm describing from the 1910s?  I don't want to go saying that the people that you worked for, Leanne, are cranked up on beanies.
  I really hate to stereotype and like, but it was that.
  Like it was exactly that.
  And that's it.
  These are things that happen.
  You don't blame them.
  I guess I would also.
  I don't blame them.
  Absolutely.
  I'm sure the profit turnover isn't very good and they're just trying their best.
  But yeah, half of them were I know for sure one guy went to get alcohol  before the day started.
  So there's that.
  And who knows what else is going on?  There would be certain rides, like for whatever reason, I think like setting up a Tilt-A-Whirl.
  And Tilt-A-Whirl was my favorite carnival ride as a kid.
  I just I like that the best.
  That one, for whatever reason, seems to like I'm not as scared by that.
  But there would also be a ride where they were just hanging swings and you would swing around.
  And more that I think about going on that now as an adult, where it's like really just a chain,  they just hook a chain to something like that to me seems like that's that can just fly out.
  How does that not happen more where there's like crazy stuff?  Because yeah, they're just transporting the stuff.
  It's like Disneyland stuff.
  There's always, you know, there's been accidents or whatever,  but those sit in the same spot forever.
  Yes.
  And they're not constantly taken apart and put back together like every few days.
  I have like pieces of furniture that I've taken apart during like three moves,  and they're never the same.
  The entertainment center is not the same as it was when I first put it together.
  It's just like that's physics, I think.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Go ahead.
  Oh, yeah, I've never nothing broke.
  I've loved I've always loved the carnival rides that would pop up in parking lots.
  Like I grew up in the valley and there was like, yes, here comes one.
  And I would ride the rides, but nothing is ever broken.
  But yeah, I've seen I don't know if you guys have ever gone through like videos  and seen videos of like rides that I'm sure you guys have.
  Like this podcast is probably you guys have dug deep into broken ride.
  I saw it.
  Well, you know what you end up with a lot of on YouTube is like sensationalist thumbnails  that portray some like impossible breakage.
  Like a kid starting to fly towards the sun.
  That's how high he's going.
  And the click on it.
  The sun has a mouth that's about to eat him as well.
  And you're like, I don't think you click on it because you're like,  I just want to make sure this didn't happen.
  I think I would have read about this in every newspaper.
  But yeah, then you click on things and they're a little more mild and like, wait, how?  What's the accident?  Like it's too blurry to even tell.
  I guess with this on the way to talk about carnivals,  I did see a pretty horrible one where some big things swung up and then just like  slammed back to the ground.
  But I think there, here's where I have some hope is that,  you know, all right, we're talking about carnivals.
  Let me find out about some grisly carnival accidents.
  And they weren't that easy to find.
  I don't think it's not as if there are hundreds every year.
  I don't think that's the case at all.
  Yeah.
  It's very promising.
  It's promising.
  Yeah, it's promising.
  It's great.
  And it seems like most websites about carnival and stuff are like, well, in the modern day,  most are run pretty honestly.
  Like they figured out like, well, there's ways to run these games where it's like,  oh, it's not crooked, but it's still a pain in the ass for people where they just end  up dishing out money because kids want a good prize.
  They don't want a tiny comb.
  I just remember like any Chuck E.
 Cheese or like carnival games.
  The entry level prize is just like, would you like a tiny comb?  What about a kazoo?  It's like you see all those big prizes and then like you won and then they pull out something  underneath and it's just like a pencil sharpener or something.
  Yes.
  A non-display prize.
  Sure.
  That would always get me.
  It's funny because the history like of American popular culture all goes back to  like the same wells.
  It all goes back to like carnivals and then vaudeville and then the funny pages  and all of this stuff.
  But what the modern like version of a carnival comes for, it seemed like everyone kind of agreed  on like pointing at like, well, the 1893 Chicago World's Fair is like the origin of like the  modern carnival because like that introduced the concept of the midway and like every carnival  is a midway.
  The World's Fair had a lot of exhibits, had a lot of modern technology, but the thing that  people gravitated towards of course was the Ferris wheel and the games and the prizes and  in a less enlightened time, the freak shows, you know?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The exhibits always, they're still weird.
  Like they have them at the Orange County Fair and the LA County Fair in Pomona where like  tables set it like you can like set a table and then that you compete for ribbons for like  how you set a table.
  For setting a table?  Really?  Yeah.
  It's a huge thing.
  Yeah.
  It's like my theme is apples.
  So you have a little plate in the shape of an apple and the placemats and apple and then  you have glasses and apple juice.
  I don't know.
  And there's wild, it's like decorating a cake except it's table setting.
  I do not get it.
  It's fascinating.
  Also kind of like not great.
  Some I'm like, okay, this is really shitty.
  I was like, this is the Orange County Fair.
  You better bring it.
  Yeah, that feels a high profile.
  Like you have to bring an A game to the Orange County Fair, which is the thing I feel like I  heard even living in Illinois.
  I heard that phrase.
  I know what it was necessarily, but the Orange County Fair.
  The Orange County Fair.
  I think I knew it before I knew like I lived here is what I'm saying.
  Have you been now?  I have never been.
  Yeah.
  Fairs are like state fairs, county fairs are such they're weird own beasts because they like  share a lot of very similar things to carnivals, but then they'll set up for like a month or  a few months.
  And like carnivals are usually in and out in like a week or less.
  It's a quicker thing.
  Probably because in the past they had to get the hell out of Dodge.
  Who knows what inspired.
  Before all the people in the town talked to each other and realized they had been swindled.
  And then they ran them out like ran them out of town.
  Yes.
  Thousands of us with the shock marks on our back.
  Right.
  Wait a minute.
  Did you see you have it too.
  My son and my daughter and my priest all of us.
  We talked about games.
  Games loomed so large in my child brain because like I don't know we knew I think those were like  crappy like full of like cheap styrofoam plush oftentimes.
  It was not your high quality plush that we might have had at home.
  But the idea of winning, which I think is also why I like casinos.
  There was something about like winning like your good how good you were could win something  that would like just make me gravitate toward the games.
  And my strongest game memory is at this carnival that we had by the church.
  There was a man who was operating it and it was as close I think as I would have ever gotten to like  old timey carnival barker.
  But he had his own style and I will never ever forget the way what he was saying because we  would repeat it for years and he would be like we're playing for another big and we're playing  for a big and we're two big and for a jumbo to like over like playing.
  Hey, step right up there.
  You sir you are playing for a big and and he would talk about the different sizes depending  on how many people I think were playing this game.
  I don't remember what game it was, but for years we would say we're playing for another big and  we're playing for a big and and we got so excited to play for a big and with this gentleman.
  What a big and end up being.
  I think it was just like I did not.
  I never won a big.
  I don't even think I won anything at that game, but we would play that game because we also were  entertained by this man and his sales pitch.
  But a big you know you've seen they always have those giant things and I think a jumbo was the  biggest one you could get a big and was the next size down and then there was probably as Leanne  was talking about the under the counter you know decoder ring that you probably got if you didn't  actually do anything.
  So I will that's I can I can like see this man's face in my mind.
  I know this was over 20 years ago.
  That one website that Scott and I were talking about with the comic sans like glossaries made  a very I it was like finding a diamond in a rough diamond in the rough where it was like oh  Barker is not a term carnies use that came along in the 20th century.
  It came from someone else and it quoted like a couple of like a lifer carnival  professionals and they claim to be showmen that the term they used was showmen and I found an  institution in Florida called the International Independent Showman's Museum.
  So I think there may be some truth in there.
  Also it is hard to tell where there is any truth just in the nature of this carnival business.
  Right I saw some of this too the stuff I said is that what they call Barkers don't like the term  and they prefer to be referred to as talkers.
  They're carnival talkers and I'm like who cares get out of here.
  You guys get to choose a term for this specific like I don't like people have to fight to get the  pronouns they want used and then there's other people who are like um talkers please this is not  a plight that I care about.
  That's so boring too.
  Yeah really.
  Well we talk so I mean you can get a little more creative with it and Barker is fun it reminds you  of dogs and dogs are like oh.
  Yeah what's wrong with with barking I guess does that imply that there's they seem to think that  that implies no skill that we are just barking but barks are cool and they make you happy like dogs  right there's no problem with barking.
  Well Scott the outside talker lures you into the tent and then the inside talker takes over  obviously.
  Oh they just I guess they feel like they have a little more finesse than barking.
  Yeah.
  Talking requires a little more finesse I guess.
  They didn't want to be they don't want to be too like hoity-toity about it they just want to be  like they're it's approachable talking is approachable.
  I think they're just trying to be difficult they're just like oh so you're a bunch so you're  a barker huh I don't like the sound of that I want to wriggle out of this label I don't know why  though um the other the other thing I noticed about just in googling carnival barker is that like  eight of the top 10 results are people calling Donald Trump a carnival barker  he is all he is less politician and more carnival barker or even uh  Michael Bloomberg tweeted that Donald Trump we know many of the same people in New York behind  your back they laugh at you and call you a carnival barking clown that's not the clown isn't the barker  no the clowns are silent typically or often at least and they would not be the  they're the person on the inside talking probably not that uh I you know it's this kind of  sloppiness in metaphors that I think caused Bloomberg the presidency and only that New York  elite the New York elite they're just not in touch with what the real people know well yeah  he immediately insulted the uh uh clowns he lost those votes and then he insulted carnival  professionals so you know everyone he said this he said this at the debate too I think and then  all the all the clowns in the audience all hushed you know like just cut to a section of them  they went back to their jobs at congress they went back to their jobs at congress  got it stick it to them Jason boy hell yeah we all enjoyed that  that yeah uh Leanne let's like just uh when you were a kid were you like way into rides and  this type of stuff in general or was it sort of just like a once you know once a year twice a  year thing like did you go to not spare where did you grow up oh yeah I grew up in the valley so  we would do um six flags a lot our school would do six flags I loved six flags when I was a little  like magic mountain we did disney I did to disneyland maybe like two or three times but  it was so expensive and then not spare from I did not scary farm for the first time when I was  like in my 20s and was like how come I didn't never gotten to this but yeah I loved rides I loved um  I was terrified but loved the like freefall rides and for some reason I can't do them anymore I  don't know what it was I don't know where in my 20s or early 30s I just I like I think I went to  disneyland and I went on the the haunted um the one at California adventure and I went on it and  I was like and it scared the shit out of me I was just like my head was like curled down into my  body and I was like I'm never doing this again and I don't know why I don't know how that happened  but yeah when I was little I loved magic mountain I loved rides I would drag my dad to take me to  magic mountain he would literally sit at the bottom of each ride when me and my my brother  and sister would go on um I do I remember the point I think it was like I was in my mid-20s um  Goliath at Six Flags I don't know if you guys know the big orange one um I we it was when it first  opened up and um I waited the line was so long and we got to the top and uh finally got to the front  of the line and I remember I stepped into the car and I was like I can't I stepped right out and all  my friends were like what are you doing I was like I can't do this and they went on the ride  and then I went on an hour later because I was like no I'm gonna do it I got on and I regretted  it I was like I was right I shouldn't have got on this ride I I something about and I also I  I hate flying now like I used to love I I've been to different countries I never second thought  I never gave a second thought to getting on a plane but now I'm like I have to take I have to  either drink or I have to take a sleeping pill I can't something about I think it's something about  the like loss of control like I something about that I just I can't and I will know I probably  won't get on another um roller coaster for the rest of my life I can really say yeah I can say  that with a lot of confidence not even with just take a sleeping pill just that'll help you get  through it six flags don't forget your sleeping pills they should sell them at the just like the  funnel cake stand at six flags or just make it in the batter just put it in the batter for god's  sake yeah and those lines are long enough you can just like take it right before you in the  morning sure yeah I realized I I just had a kid I have a five month old so I'm like oh I'm this  is I'm gonna be my dad he's gonna want to go to every freaking amusement park and I'm gonna sit  at the bottom but I'm in this similar I have a pretty recent baby in the I'm just like praying  that he is more brave than me like like because I I was I'm very frady cat I'm this like tower  terror also really scarred me until I built up some stamina very recently but yeah I'm like  please just don't be a wimp like your dad like go have some fun I don't and I'm also I'll be  I'll be like forcing him onto stuff that I'll create him being a wimp by wanting it to go the  other way this were you always like that when you were a kid too yeah yeah big time no no like  super avoided thrill rides and built them up into like bigger monsters than they were they're  terrifying your body is not supposed to be doing those things yeah it's true brain is not wrong  about the no yeah it knows it knows what's going on you just have to override it and it depends  we've gotten I think probably not Jason but Scott and I have both gotten braver about what we're  willing to do since going on this or sorry sorry since doing this podcast it's forced us right to  be uh braver I will say with the with the flying though I was bad about flying a couple years where  I was really good about it and now I am back to bad I am back to bad I don't know what happened  someone um recommended to me there's a training school where you can um you go through it you take  a class and then you and the whole class go on a practice flight with these teachers and you they  train you to not be afraid of flying it whoa that's yeah it's really interesting yeah so you take a  real commercial flight you take a real commercial flight and it's just you it's like a smaller plane  like you go from like southern California to northern California and you you fly there and  you fly back it's like an hour and an hour um and you pay for it you pay for the plane ticket  but um yeah they teach you the different things about a plane statistics turbulence like never  ever results in a crash so and there's just all these little things to sort of coping skills I  guess um I always wanted to do that I just never got around to doing it it sounds like an it sounds  like a future podcast the right episode quite honestly I was wondering do you guys have you  guys gone together to a park or oh yeah yeah set up a little mic and just like narrate a ride or  anything like that I think that would be fun that no well well I guess a tiny bit but a little bit  we've done some recording in the park I think there was a controversy early on we we threw out  the idea of recording at city walk and I think Jason thought we were going to get arrested if  we did that yes well so Jason is scared of the city walk police more than and Scott and I are  afraid of the ride bigger rides yeah no I mean I've always liked flying and roller coasters and  all of that sort of thing I'm just more scared of like errands and sending an email and laundry  laundry laundry uh emotional vulnerability asking for what I want and asking for help  so that's my that I think everyone has it about some stuff I just have it about these stupidest  things imaginable so uh yeah these are your mental goliaths these are my mental goliaths  yeah emotional roller coasters yeah emotional rollercoaster yeah so if you just combine um  uh in if you just combine anxiety depression uh and happy go lucky it just comes out as flippant  and everyone loves it and you become a comedian I get that because like I you know I have low grade  anxiety and depression and it was worse when I was 20s and I've always loved horror movies like  I've loved just something terrifying me or scaring the show I mean I think it's because it's like  gets me out of my head so maybe that's what roller coasters are I'm trying to do horror movies now  because I was always scared of that we've talked about this on the show before you know I would go  in blockbuster and I would see you know Chucky or Hellraiser and I would think oh these are like  literal snuff films where I will watch humans being murdered over and over for 90 minutes or  two hours I will never I'll never do it and I've literally only in my 30s started getting through  some of these classics so I'm trying I'm trying I like look for new movies like I've searched for  movies that I haven't I feel like I've seen every um paranormal type of horror movie ever made and  I'm constantly searching Netflix or looking up lists and I it's like an addiction sure but  you said you had done not scary farm in general do you now like haunted houses and stuff more  and or like horror nights that type of thing I do I like horror nights I like when it's a really  scary one like um yeah I like when it's like I remember them saying like I mean the universal  studio one they will they might touch you and I was like oh my god I have to go I have to do it  like I have to do it and I remember doing one and it was like it was pretty scary but no one like  touched me so I was like oh shit but yeah yeah so yeah that's stuff I do think there's a lot to  that and uh as far as like that's such a comfort it's like a safe place to like excise your fear  excise that anxiety that we all feel just living yes I think that's what it is but I feel like  roller coasters you can still die it's like you can yeah sure sure sure yeah uh that's true I mean  I think so much of uh liking theme parks as much as we do there's such it's it's still pretty  controlled everything is about you know control and we're not like mission impossible two tom  we're not rock climbing none of us do that we don't do like real things we like a simulated  experience of like really dangerous things I don't want to really go in a haunted house  I don't really even believe in ghosts that much but I don't really want to do that but I will go  in a house where ghosts are having a party that's what I'd like fake ghosts are having a party I've  been on that a hundred plus times no that's true yeah I I I'm I do believe in ghosts is that fair  and I am terrified of them and I would never want to be in a haunted house a real haunted house  yeah do you have a ghost story do you have an interaction um I have a spiritual story  that is like it's not scary like my dad died and I was uh there for him in hospice and I took care  of him and then he asked me and it's been some time I'm not this is not heavy for me um but um  like two years later he wanted his ashes spread in Mexico so I went down to Mexico with my brother  my sister and we spread his ashes and I swear to god as if he was standing behind me I heard his  voice say thank you and like I'm a very like I it was crazy I can't explain it it's it it sounded  like his his voice existed in the physical world I don't know I don't I can't explain it I don't  know so that kind of just like reaffirmed my sort of like thought that there's we exist beyond our  physical selves um and it was really cool it was it was a really cool experience it didn't  terrify me it was like oh shit and it was like I'm kind of like oh cool so when I die something cool  is gonna happen so um and I was in an improv class once I was telling the story and the girl across  from me was like the same thing happened to me and she was like my dad died and I was like after  he died I was watching home videos sitting on my bed alone no one else was there and I popped in a  tape and she was about to press eject and then she heard her dad's voice say no you're gonna you want  to watch this one and and it was yeah and I was like oh my god so crazy and then she said she  watched the video and it was just her dad on like on a log like in a lake like why she said it was  the most it was she said it was very uneventful and she didn't understand why that one but um it  was just so it feels very bad that you would be here check this one out yeah yeah yeah so um so yeah  I totally believe in like spirits and like yeah another plane but yeah I'm still terrified of  ghosts when I was when my my kid would wake up many times in the middle of the night and I would  have to feed her we live in this house right now that was built in 1942 and me and my fiance are  always saying it's haunted it's haunted so I'd be there in like the middle of the night feeding her  and I'd be like eyeing the closet or like waiting for something to pop out and it was like I'm so  glad she sleeps better now but it was it was that was so that was really terrifying for me  sure every Los Angeles has the most haunted energy and I grew up in Pennsylvania where  everything used to be a battlefield where like people died uh so you're saying it's more haunted  here I feel like it's more haunted here I was in London and I was like the city is so fucking old  there has to be ghosts where I there has to be ghosts in this building um I yeah so that's so  funny um what about LA like I don't just the energy uh I mean you hear about like like early  20th century LA uh you know there there was all those like I mean late 20th century LA had tons  of cults and new age stuff but then the the the tent revivalists and like the the like just kind  of maniac protestants like which they touched on a little in that HBO Perry Mason show of like uh  uh uh radio televangel you know pre-televangelist radio preachers and stuff and I I don't know I  I've read stuff about like people thinking like oh it's just the light out here like the light drew  early filmmakers because they needed so much light to develop old film but it's just like  it's just sunny all the time just can drive people nuts you know that's so interesting and  I find for me the way time moves in Los Angeles very strange because you know back east I feel  like you would I would track time with like blizzards or winter summer rainstorms and stuff  and it's just the lack of change in weather out here sometimes or or the significance like we're  in the time of year in LA where it's 80 in the day and then like 45 at night like it's just like  the 30 to 40 degree drop took a lot of time to get used to ghosts make the temperature go down  well they do if they're in the root like you know there's truth there uh I you know I always think  of this just I think I said this before on an episode there was I think it was Paul Thomas  Anderson talking to Mark Maron about like how the comedy store was haunted and never did anything  ring more true to me than that statement because I was like how many store is haunted if you've  ever been in there it's scarier than any haunted house probably there's just a bad bad energy there  yeah and that's why everybody mythologizes it's so like oh we get the store and like we came up  through the store and it's because you were probably like literally fighting ghosts and  spirits there um that makes the neon carlin uh sign is gonna come to life and chomp yeah it's  like the opening of the cartoon ghostbusters where like signs are coming to life and it's all just  yeah the jay Leno's name strangles you it flies off the wall and strangles all the signatures  all their spirits are in the signatures are all haunted they're all anthropomorphic signatures  that come to life and they well yeah that's what I mean that's pauli sure of course he's he grew  up there so he's been haunted his whole life uh mitzi everybody all the whole family yeah um so  are there any podcasts where you can hear about mitzi and pauli and the store I wonder if that's  ever been discussed on a podcast before probably not probably not yeah we might be the first we  should get them all on I've never I've never heard it before uh let's talk uh what is everyone's  favorite carnival ride I love the tilt aware I mean till the whereas you can find at fairs and  at like you know uh more more smaller amusement parks and stuff guys which one's the tilt world  I don't I actually don't know what's why is that who cares that's not so insane lian cannot know  with scott I just know what I don't think I've been on one and I don't know off hand here I'll  bring I'm gonna bring it up uh the only way is this is this eye when we dangle the carrot of  an episode about tilt aware else you'd ever buy it I have brought up doing tilt to rule before  and you've never revealed I don't know what that is yeah I mean that's a good reason to do an  episode I suppose uh to learn how I feel like someone listening though well if lian doesn't  know like there's I don't know I picture all the carnival rides I'm like yeah that one is the tall  one and the kind of round one that's the spinny one I don't necessarily know the names so here's  here's the tilt a world okay so it's big it's the one with the like clam shells oh oh oh and the  yes they're on a track that spins and then the whole thing is spinning and there's kind of like  an up and down to it and the only reason I'm so shocked is because we had like we had a tilt a  world at the local santa's village which is another theme park that we would go to once or  twice a year in addition to whenever a carnival was around and to me the tilt a role was my local  space mountain it was the thing I got the most excited for I was so like that's that was like  number one when we would go to any of these places was like I got to get back on the tilt a world so  I sort of thought of it in the same way you would think of a classic Disney attraction which is the  reason I'm and I guess because I got thrown up on to it's loom so large I got puke all over me on  one of these things and yet still you're so fond I still am so fine I haven't been on one in a long  time um but yeah my memory is just I really was so I was just as excited to go on that as I was  big thunder or whatever yeah we would any I mean we went to the jersey shore a ton and the  playland in ocean city like as a kid uh that was my like all right first thing got to go on the  tilde world uh mom and or dad or uh mom mom or papa like you know someone would be dragged on  with me and I think I liked it because it's like thrilling but it is it's it's like low to the  ground and it's you feel I always felt very safe because you had a big bar and this big like yeah  the canopy and and so like it was thrilling but it took me a little while when I was young to build  up to roller coasters but I always like the sensation of the tilde world and I always like  so did mama and papa like it oh they loved it I mean there's a million pictures of us when I go  back to the shoe when we go down the shore now when I go back to visit one of them is going on  the tilde world with like more mama or papa huh mama or papa well they're dead I just never  heard you say those words and those are your grandparents yeah my grandparents are mama and  papa oh wait wait say spell it spell it out for me uh m o m oh m o m oh it's a I thought I was  ending with an a okay mum right no no this isn't yeah no this is the grandparents thing well it was  to distinguish they were mama and papa and then my dad's grandparents were gram gram and gram pop  I don't know how gram pop ended up the easy like the most uh normal one uh but to distinguish  between the one set of uh grandparents on the other pop pup is there a switch there no no it's  pop pop okay all right pop pop yeah just getting clarity um okay uh and I guess now I have tilde  world clarity as well I don't think I've ever been on a tilde world y'all wow I guess am I missing out  big time the end you have first thing what's the vaccine yeah it's fun I like that I like the tilting part of it  actually work because you kind of like go back and forth like that um yeah I think I think it's it  feels safe I would say yeah if you're afraid of heights it's fine I don't think it's too crazy I  think it's fun yeah oh I'm not it's not a scared issue I just think I just have not if been in  have I not been in front of what have I just passed by them and not chosen it I don't know so yeah you  don't even remember coming across a tilde world I'm sure I've been I'm sure I've been in the  vicinity of one and just not uh made a point of it okay let me ask you this then Scott have you been  in the vicinity of this ride which I'm assuming aesthetically you're going to love  oh a gravitron that was my that was one of my favorite ones there's that version and then  there's the version that's like open and it's just like a cage and you would just spin around  yeah that's my one of my two favorites I have never been on a gravitron yeah so that's so  gravitron is when I got a little older when I graduated to a more intense experience because  I was very freaked out by the idea of the gravitron and in case you don't know what it is  it's basically like a big flying saucer at least this version is where you go inside and it's  completely enclosed and it spins around really fast and pins you to the wall so it's going for  a couple minutes I mean maybe it was 90 seconds I know it felt like forever and you could basically  turn like as if you could turn upside down on the wall basically because the force was pushing you  so so aggressively and yeah you would just have fun on the wall  and those little pads would like slide up like in this picture you pulled up this woman is like at  near the roof and like her body is spread across two pads that was so fun and we would try to like  lift our arms up against off the wall to see if you can like you can counter that centrifugal  force it was really fun I'm concerned about some of the ceilings I'm seeing though but partially for  filth partially for just big metal bars these things that look like spikes I mean probably  you're not ending up that that part of the ceiling like you're staying close to the wall but  I have my safety concerns about this one big time I don't think yeah you're not strapped in  that one is really crazy aesthetically Scott all of these oh it's fantastic it's like ELO  album covers I like them very much yes yeah but if I don't go on it I just get to look  I maybe I'm that that's the way I win is just looking at a gravitron would you go Scott would  you go on a gravitron right now uh you mean just in like bored uh quarantine at old state like would  I am I worn down enough to get on a gravitron I would say if it's quarantine I wouldn't go in a  enclosed space with a bunch of people well it's funny spinning around but say yeah say we're all  say we all have either a vaccine or a regeneron coursing through our veins  would you go on a gravitron if you came across it I guess so is there is there nothing else to do  well there's a tilt a whirl would you would you do it tilt a whirl first I'd say that would you let  me sweeten the pot Papa Scott will you take will you take a little Jason on the gravitron for the  first time well I guess if I'm helping make somebody a man then I can't resist that I'm  gonna do my part and then we'll take you on the tilde whirl oh if we can get a picture of the  three of us on a tilde we're all together uh vaccine coursing through our veins I mean vaccine  course that's gonna be stir it up it'll make it more effective it's like a centrifuge uh  in a science lab but giant I'm sorry but there's a picture to the far left  and it's titled how to win it gravitron and this guy's standing how how is that he's completely  90 degrees from all the other folks on it yeah I don't know fascinating he's uh he probably works  there and he's been doing this and his legs are incredibly strong this is like the super pro  indoor skydivers how when we win us rubes us marks were waiting to indoor skydive and then  you're watching the guys who work they're super showing off yeah right so there's gravitron pros  out there right again what we're saying use rides.
com 120 000 you can get a grab a gravitron wow we  should buy a gravitron cheaper than I have some I actually have some uh  related to this the possibility of buying attractions uh I came across some fun stuff  because um you know one thing I like to do with with various topics is go to ebay type in the  topic of the episode or some other anything else tangential and uh look for price highest first  to see how how crazily high we can get and what's some of the weird stuff up at the top  and uh I did a little bit of that I just put in carnival on ebay and that was it and uh I found a  bunch of stuff I'll share the screen here if if we're interested in starting our own carnival if  we feel like we want to you know prove ourselves more you know work with our hand prove that we're  you know able-bodied and start touring the country I think it'd be pretty easy for us to just buy  a couple of uh carnival rides because you just go on ebay and for only a million dollars  there's all these bizarre listings almost all of them are not exactly a million dollars but  999,900 they bring it a little bit down just to not get you to that seventh digit um but you know  here we got like a big uh I don't know what to call out of these there's a swing one there's a  drop ride we could buy a drop ride for a million dollars yeah um and the the strange thing about  them when you click on all of these they all have kind of big like unseemly titles that go on and on  that all end with we finance and then every one of them uh it says item location is in delano  minnesota but then if you dig further into the seller it is clearly a chinese company the chinese  company is called zingaland and their tagline is we dare you not to laugh  my theory is that they say that they are in uh delano minnesota because like all right how do we  prove that we are american well let's just put a pin in the exact center of the country like the  middle of america uh and then everyone will believe us but all of these they're just all  really weird if you click on them um they all have the most bizarre descriptions such as there's like  like a dumbo type ride with um with a honeybee and uh and here's the description of that this  hot sail honeybee is widely used in theme park adventure land etc just like you are flying in  the flowers feel the miracle and happiness so play with your family and enjoy your life  oh my gosh and then someone's like this is the answer this is what i  this is everything i've lacked happiness too much anxiety depression all the things we've been  talking about the answer is we have to buy this hot sail honeybee for six hundred thousand dollars  and the the answer to the mystery like so much on the internet nowadays it's like oh it's just a  drop shipping scam it's just a drop shipping scam you can find that ride for like a hundred  thousand dollars on alibaba they just rebranded uh stuff it should not cost that much money that  that feels weird to me and i don't think this is the way to start your carnival business i oh the  other shady thing about these there's one other ride uh that's a crazy octopus ride all right  what's some more info about that one and it says crazy octopus ride it has its roots in a piece of  classical latin literature from 45 bc this book is a treatise on the theory of ethics very popular  during the renaissance wait what it's a book look it's a crazy octopus ride why does its  descriptor say that it's a book from the renaissance about ethics zingaland is not  careful about it someone is searching someone is searching for a book on the renaissance on ebay  and they're looking at the description and it's a a fun-filled adventure for you and your children  um must be 42 inches or  if you're yeah if you're looking for renaissance books about ethics on ebay and then you don't  read very carefully uh you might end up buying a million dollar carnival ride yeah really be  careful it's happening a lot i think i've heard so be careful it's a very common scam out there  but anyway you know we talk about wanting to own playland uh stuff from mcdonald's and you know we  we could have this hot sale honeybee um uh we need someone to put it but i like the idea of owning  a hot sale honeybee so let's just let's maybe make a best offer maybe offer a price on ebay  oh sure uh what's the what's the offer price like uh nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars  okay oh you're still keeping it high all right i was gonna say i'll put seven dollars on this offer  okay well you could go that way if you want  i just want to be respectful seven to chip into our 950  leanne uh when you were working do you said i caught did you say you got keys to a ride  no uh a golf cart because we got keys with golf cars yeah oh i thought you said so card i think  oh no no no no no no i didn't get any access to any rights i got i got tickets and i i did  ride the ferris wheel no i did ride the ferris wheel that's right um and it was just real i think  it was just to relax at the end of the day um and it was just really slow it was small too it wasn't  huge um and that's yeah uh no no tickets i have a question from back in the boot when you were  describing the scenario this is a community service scenario in which then at the end of the day you  get tickets so you this is like a circular thing like you could in order to save money on tickets  run traffic lights go to court try to hope that you get to work at a carnival and then truly yeah  i didn't have to pay anything and i got to run a red light um it's a thrill attraction in and of  itself yes that was yeah that's a that was a thrill ride um yeah i think um i don't it was so weird  the city was connected to it somehow the woman running it like didn't really care what i did  and i the whole time i was there i was terrified that everyone thought i was like a convict who  was doing community like they didn't know what like why i was doing community service so that  was always in the back of my mind um but yeah i i it it didn't feel like work and uh and it i felt  like i was those kids like they probably made 11 bucks an hour um i just felt like i was just like  in my teens again like in a minimum wage job hanging out and um what streaming service has  optioned this story uh quibi oh i'm so sorry bad news really sorry but no i haven't been reading  the trades i guess unfortunately the quibi office is packed up in the middle of the night and now  it's just an empty field again with some old like the only proof it was ever there was just  some old flyers and uh prumbled up janitor sweeping up yeah cotton candy sticks there's like a one  glass jar of the candy uh and by janitor sweeping up still kind of smells like pizza  grissy teigen we've never heard of her  uh  at jeffrey kassenberg the worst advance man uh to use a carnival term the person who beats the  show into town and oh yeah does all the permits and uh potentially payoffs if need be jason reading  all these terms were you like this should have been my life i mean yeah it was kind of like oh  man this is so deep there's so much here that's so yeah i i could have lived this at least for a  summer or two or you're a big music man fan you like the idea of rolling into town in a cart and  fooling a bunch of people and then leaving that's like a dream of yours last train out when they're  chasing you to the train and you're hopping on the caboose uh it's the michael jackson paul  mccartney say say say video yes you're selling people an elixir that doesn't work  uh yeah i i do wonder though like some of this carney uh lingo uh i had never heard have you  guys ever heard of a carney marriage i don't think so this was weird oh yeah what's what's  a carney marriage this okay this was a little it's one of those things where it's like a little too  perfect like where someone's like ah you're re i had the idea for the title of the movie it came  to me in the moment um this website says a carney marriage carneys are an unromantic lot as a rule  what according to others as a sign that a couple intends to be monogamous parentheses or relatively  so for a while thus keeping the individuals more or less from straying and from unwanted romantic  advances they may engage in a carney marriage the sign that they are quote married in the eyes of  their fellows is a ride once around on the carousel or first wheel uh a divorce is less formal  sometimes with a ride turning in the other direction but more often at the end of the season  or when both parties just say to hell with it wait that's crazy but that also makes me think  that they're just all fucking all the time and they're like wait a minute guys we're monogamous  oh yeah i mean get on the ride you could probably honestly i had never thought about that but that  makes of course too much sense that there's just a whole like we're like 15 people and we're all  married to each other yeah and also you the guests once you buy a ticket you are married to us for  the night you are married to us and uh it's gonna be a great three days it's gonna be a great long  weekend marriage no no no why are we people are mad about the phrase um i don't know i'm not a  barker that's an offensive term barker but but like well what do you feel about carney oh yeah  love it i'm a carney i'm one of the carnies and uh i'll engage in a carney marriage like you think  that would be the offensive term if any right well right but we're in a field where people are  still mad about sketch versus skit you know so who are we to just sketch skit yes skits i sure am  don't demean what i do with don't skits if your parents says skit they're an idiot they're out of  here yeah that's a sketch you know we have vassar make sketches  that with there being no uh my that you know there won't be like a big family holiday party  for me this year i don't have to have the part where uh a uh one of my parents friends tells me  an idea points to someone at the party and says now they're a character you know you should do  make something about them put in one of jay leno's skits  like i feel like that's still what happened like still somebody will tell me to submit something  to jay leno now for a cnbc car show no for the jay leno for jay leno's skit show  what are you talking about off the air for five years  uh not as far as i know i haven't turned on a tv in a number of years so he's still doing skits  ain't he gotta be uh leon let's talk uh carnival food oh yeah funnel cake love funnel cake funnel  cake i also yeah also at the orange county fair i which is a fair not it's kind of like a it's  the same thing it's they're just like you said before it's planted um i had a hamburger on a  crispy cream donut and that is shit is so good it is like it is it's crack it's like the fat  and it's so good it's so it'll make your stomach hurt it's a beef patty does it have everything on  it as far as lettuce and tomato no it's like it's just beef cheese or not option and then the  crispy cream donut it's very good any no ketchup or anything either no no just the beef okay  that makes sense i mean at first my first instinct is to say that does that probably is good but it  also sounds disgusting but if you really think about it like eating uh eating something on a  hawaiian sweet roll it's not so different than having a donut it's not and it's just like fatty  cheesy meaty sweet i i was eating a sandwich a couple days ago and i had a donut and i  as i said i've been i've been alone for a couple days uh and i ran out of dishes  they were clean they were all in the dishwasher i just hadn't run it i just hadn't run it it's  not like they were in the sink i swear to god uh so i put it in a bowl i put it yeah i put it in a  bowl and then i put a donut on top of the sandwich and i was like hmm and i took like a button i was  like that's not that's good that has to like that is good it's not gross i mean it's gross but it's  good it's weird it's weirdly good it just like hits all of the like everything in on your tongue  that's like this is crack i love it um i like uh funnel cake that and then i recently started trying  um fried things like i'd never tried it and it's like fried oreos or fried um  yeah snickers or i'll see like deep fried twinkies that exist i haven't tried those but it's like  especially at the county fairs i've seen the pictures of the menu which is like what you're  saying it's just like deep fried oreos and it's like five or five pieces that are all deep fried  and then yeah twinkies that are like have three layers of fat instead of one yeah yeah uh i have  not tried a lot of those uh uh what would you call them onstrosities is that too mean to the food  they're like food i think is the term yeah uh fair food okay that's nicer than uh than um  culinary horrors culinary abominations godless food godless food they don't exist anywhere else  but fairs and carnivals right so it's crazy the the the deep fried oreos i think are a little genius  because it gets soggy and so it's just like having a donut with just like chocolate and frosting in  the middle so it doesn't right the oreo is gone and it's just like a chocolatey frosty donut  yeah i mean the best executions of oreos are you dip it in milk or like you pulverize it into ice  cream so you know changing it in some ways i know i yeah i actually hate oreos is that right people  don't like oreos just as they come they're fucking they're so gross like the cookie part is so dry  um the frosting is good i don't know i like the uh vanilla oreos but not chocolate oreos  interesting i guess i've heard that opinion i'm fine with cookies for whatever reason i like  oreos i like the i like oreos uh in general but i don't have them a lot i do think i probably like  the double stuff oreos better because i the frosting is my favorite part um you're gonna  think i'm insane i've done the like thin ones where you get less cream i'm not saying i prefer  that but i've chosen i tried that i feel like having the thin one yeah i think it's an interesting  i i don't taste like chocolate either it's just yeah they're not they're not chocolate true it's  yeah it's some other thing it's some a bitter dry yeah it's shocky i guess i don't deny any of this  don't mind it for whatever reason it's comforting though because you had him as kids that's sort of  maybe a lot of yeah jason is still a milk and ice cream cookie dunker which i am not uh milk wait  you you dunk cookies in milk yeah i'll do soy milk or almond milk a regular meal like once a week  i eat cookies most days yeah right but i but i'm saying like that to me feels like yeah you still  regularly dip cookies in milk yes correct how many hours ago did you do it is what i'm asking  i haven't done it in a while i ate ice cream last night but not a lot because it was cold so i was  getting cold even colder eating the ice spirits the spirits were out last night they were in the ice cream  now  but i i i would dunk i i guess we really actually didn't even dunk cookies and milk a lot when i was  a kid so i guess i didn't even have that as part of a ritual yeah i don't do it that often but i do  like i do i understand the appeal of it oreos are much better dipped in milk because it gets softer  so you get a little it gets a little squishy i get it but i don't do i don't seek out a glass of milk  as soon as i have a cookie in my hand i just yeah and it's also look i'm uh i'm giving jason  some grief but honestly like is it that much different than having like lucky charm cereal  like it's just a bunch of candy it's just candy soaking in milk do you do that mike have you been  having lucky charms i um i will say i had a big box of fruity pebbles a couple weeks ago  yes my breakfast was fruity pebbles with banana so today yeah two hours ago yes  you eat dessert all day every day i know yeah how are you both not just like hulking creatures  that's what i i'm impressed that you don't just swell up i'm six three i walk a lot and i uh  often forget to eat other meals i just feel like oh i feel like garbage it's like oh it's dinner  time i forgot lunch i had the lucky charms and only water i wasn't when i was young i was never  allowed to have those i was so jealous of people who had those um cereals like i go to friends  houses and open their cupboards and so i never i think that the closest i got to sugar cereal was  like corn pops um and to this day i don't know if i've ever had lucky charms i don't think i've  ever had it yeah i wonder sure i have either this is another is another one of those tilt the world  i'm not sure that i've i have eaten fruity pebbles or lucky charms any maybe either your co-hosts are  just going to give you the best fucking day of your life as soon as covid's over here stuff it in  handful go lucky charms fruity pebbles milk milk milk have you had tricks um i think so i've had  tricks yes you think so this is shocking i haven't i mean i haven't had anything resembling any of  this in 20 years that that i can say with that's fine i'm not offended by that yeah cinnamon toast  crunch yeah i'm not sure i don't think i'm gonna sue too sugar yeah because that was always a staple  of the little boxes at like hotels or like the right breakfast so i would get it there yeah wow  this is blowing honestly this is blowing my mind uh yeah that's interesting because we you have  affection for a lot of these masks have you had the monster cereals conchocula boo berry  frankenberry i have never had any of this wow wow i i don't know uh uh i i don't regret it  though i don't know it's fine i think it'd be a bizarre diet to be fighting today that would be  constantly having the craving for for boo berries scott is from uh here california i'm from here  yeah is it is this too personal a question can i ask what your parents did when you were younger  what they did yeah they're like profession uh uh teacher and lawyer oh wow  um okay neither of them was like they were like professors or like no professors  and none of them was a were none of them was an elf or a leprechaun or a vampire or a or a  frankenstein if that if that's part of the question so if that influenced my cereal taste my parents  were sugar salespeople ah that makes sense they both sold sugar for a living sugar barkers sugar  well they didn't like sugar talkers they didn't they like sugar talkers better yeah  and mine one was a kelog one was a mills so uh yeah i guess their families viewed it yes they were  they were starcross cereal lovers yeah we only eat this in our um let me i'm gonna talk about a  carnival right here uh a ride called the zipper do you guys know what a zipper is if i say it off  hand uh i think it spins around it's like a tiny track in it it's yeah you're like uh you know the  ride is is like a big big boom i saw it described as um you know there's a big wheel on either end  like uh that rotates around uh so you're you're basically uh uh your vehicle spins along this big  thing as the entire thing flips around 360 and uh you are in one of you know 12 to 14  little l-shaped cages um does that sound familiar when i say it's kind of like a seat  shaped like you could see where the you know you you would you would rest there on the bench um  this is the thing when i was thinking about carl stuff like you know that this is the thing i would  not do zippers seem terrifying to me and seem shady to me uh and then i was looking into it and  i don't think they have been shady for a long time but in the 70s four people died on the zipper  and they had to dramatically change how they did zippers forever uh um there's one incident where  uh it was an 18 year old worker who was manning the thing i don't know what happened he said that  he locked it up but then they near the site of it they found a loose pin on the ground  which they were like that's all that it was was a pin it was all it was keeping the door from opening  up like 100 feet in the air um anyway and and uh so they just had to the zippers are not over they  do zippers still today but they had to change how they build them uh jason i don't know if you grew  up with a aware of a congressman named bud schuster um we have an old battle axe in  pennsylvania he tried to start a motion to uh to ban zippers and it didn't work he didn't  zippers were not banned jason do you know him i don't know him no um he seems kind of fun he was  very uh anti-zipper and yet also a vocal opponent of the airbag like when ralph nader's trying to  airbags i understand that seems like uh priorities yeah did where did nader try to ban zippers  uh he did not i yeah i don't i don't know and i don't think nader has uh weighed in on a zipper  yeah yeah he didn't care a lot about the carnival industry i guess was that anti-airbag no no pro airbag  he was a big he was a big yes car safety advocate and seatbelt active or active it i think i said  activate advocate would be the word and i should learn how to speak uh that makes sense uh um yeah  nader is the guy nader's the guy with seat but he's the he was the foushee of uh safety for basically  yeah of course so he now today we'd all be furious at him for trying to make us not die  and well people were furious at him a couple years ago oh yeah oh yeah people are yeah i guess so  people are always mad at people are always mad wait why were people mad at him a few years ago  well because he ran for president uh the gold bush and they believe you know yeah i thought that was  i thought you meant people are mad at falchi a few years ago and i was like i don't  were they i was i was confused because that was 20 years ago i was thinking that's my reference for  nader too but yeah yeah i was like what has he done he's back what's he up to right right um so  no zippers for me with that history even though they've even though they fixed them i've never  been on the zipper that does make me uncomfortable that's one of those rides where i'd have to go  all right i'm doing it for the podcast which is a thing i think about now there's rides that i really  really don't want to go on i don't want to go on tatsu at six flags which is the one where you're  kind of like supermanning right that's that's the right it's the yeah they lie you down as you go  right you're on your stomach essentially going through the air i really really am terrified of  it but if i can go well i gotta go on for the show it'll be funny for the show i probably will do it  but i really am scared of it well the reason i never went on a gravitron is because the way  it was explained to me was like okay you go in there's no seatbelts and i believe when it was  explained to me it was called someone was like it's called the hell hole and you go in there's no  seatbelts and it starts spinning really fast and you're pressed against the wall and then the floor  drops out and i think that's a bit of an exaggeration from the floor slowly lowers and you don't really  need it because you're pressed against the wall and i think at some point they may have added like  light restraints like okay everyone the older ones you're not attached to anything but like yeah  newer ones they strap you in you can't do as much so right i would probably try it now  um kamikaze like other rides the kamikaze which is that's the like almost like they've i've seen  versions of where it's like a pirate ship and it basically swings back and forth yeah oh i love that  yeah um i've never been on one of those i like the pirate ship uh that was my second one of  two of my favorite carnival rides but yeah i couldn't go on the kamikaze either  it's too terrifying like the two the two blades basically that go back and forth yeah yeah i see  i see now um yeah no probably you're not gonna do that no kamikazes no um  uh you know you're you're more committed i suppose uh uh you know doing things for the podcast  you're right might it be funny if i went on the kamikaze maybe um do do i feel guilty in any way  but not no not at all let me ask you this if we were doing like a tv show would you be like oh  god all right i'll do it for the show like if like to be because it would be funny to watch us be  scared i suppose so there'd be more in it because it would like what's the point really in going so  then i got in the thing and i was so scared you should have seen me if you had seen the look on  my face but if i guess if yeah if there was a visual component um they maybe there'd be more  in it right we uh lianne we've talked about before scott's a big beach boys fan and i had to entice  him to be i get on one of these scary rides uh i said if you were to ride it with beach boy mike  love would that be enough incentive to get on and i'm trying to remember it was what ride was it again  was that uh king daca the uh the very scary coaster in new jersey isn't mike love like the bad one like  he's oh yeah yeah for sure he's a bad man but of course you know i want to like ask him questions  and stuff okay that's fair yeah it'd be maybe be the most interesting to talk to in a way yeah  yeah but is there anything man lianne is there any like celebrity you would be like well i'd have to  go on with this person like because the photo op would be insane so you would get back on a crazy  rollercoaster like goliath like i would go on with this celebrity or even just for a large amount of  money is there a price oh large amount of money for sure okay okay so goliath yeah i would do  goliath oh god does anyone pop into your mind like well i gotta do it if i don't know i don't  i don't think there's anyone in the world that i like okay i don't celebrity doesn't sure i don't  know i just don't i mean okay maybe if i could have lunch with like um like paul mccartney or  okay but not goliath with paul no  i feel like i couldn't enjoy i couldn't talk to him right right i it might kill him like i wouldn't  want to do that now that is a concern yeah that is a concern yeah michael love worry too yeah yeah  but what if michael but if michael have died next to you on king to koscot well there we get yes if  i'm present for the moment of michael loves demise i think if i could like stand in line with him for  an hour and then you know the price is going on the ride yeah paul paul is so cheap he doesn't  pay for the fast pass okay i just like i like that question because i try to gauge exactly how  worth the fear is it was like an easy one or if it's like no well i guess money i i wouldn't go  below like 20 000 okay that's yeah the fear is strong yeah yeah um i'm trying to think what other  oh uh bumper cars got the car in the hold what do we do we like bumper cars because i feel like  i always like the idea of it but it was never a satisfying experience i was i like them but i  feel like there were kids who would get in and immediately were like i got this like i know how  to nail people and i feel like every now and then like there were some very slow moving well i like  like the the when i was younger the really little ones because you can't do too much damage but i  feel like i got nailed a number of times at like some of the bigger faster ones oh and there's  some where you're only supposed to go one direction and i i fucked that up as a kid  once like you're supposed to go around an area and i had never encountered that i had always  encountered like the big open ones and like started immediately going the wrong way and  everyone started yelling at me so that was an unpleasant experience yeah leon were you gonna  say something i yeah i liked it because like all it was uneventful i feel and anticlimactic but  it was fun that like you and like six friends could be in like a same space together rather  than yeah i just felt like that was the best part like you could look across and be like oh yeah  that's my friend i'm gonna go get you right it felt yeah it felt like a little more yeah you could  like it felt like you had a lot of freedom too but you really didn't have too much and then i think  i was in jason's boat where i would just get like nailed constantly i wasn't doing any of the  aggressive stuff i was just getting hit over and over again yeah i think as long as we got no sparks  like i don't want to see like large physical sparks yeah yeah that's where it gets shady  isn't that how they operated like there'd be like a pole that would touch the top and it would just  like it would just like yeah yeah is that still just what it is like in a more elevated park  like a knots is it just uh or are we just sparking up is that how it still works i don't i think  there's different versions of it because i remember there was sort of uh and i don't i  really should look into it but it was only there in my hometown there was like a big building and  all of a sudden just this like like carnival opened up inside of it i think they were going  for a chuck-e-cheese thing but it was just like a big empty warehouse and they set up a bunch of  games in there and there wasn't like a ceiling on their bumper cars and the bumper and whatever  the gentleman carney who was working it would hop on the back of the cars while you were riding  which was scary very scary but there was yeah there was no ceiling there were no sparks in  that version so i wonder if there's a couple different i mean i guess we'll probably get  into it when we eventually do bumper car episode uh but there's another podcast that we've sort  of have a feud with that kind of specializes in uh bumper cars um so i don't know is there really  the bumper car boys are our enemies i've never looked into it but they they talk about  like they don't care about disney or universal or the big good one they they talk about bumper cars  like 85 percent of the episodes just really like give a big finger to everything that we like and  that's why they're our enemies yeah so this this episode in general might be we're gonna get their  ire yeah that we're even like infringing on their territory at all but yeah we're allowed to talk  about whatever we want right we can do it uh so yeah i think there's a variety of ways yeah  the bumper car mechanism can work um it'd be another good it's always that narrow space it  is like a floor of an office building and if they are looking for something to do with the former  quibi office it's converting it into yeah yeah just make that ceiling electric yeah that'd be  easy enough um so yeah i i'm not a huge fan of bumper cars but again i like the idea of it  um i i i go karts i like the idea of more i though i've never actually been go karting  oh i went once in vegas um it was pretty i think it was fine i guess i think it'd be more fun when  i was younger and i didn't drive a car uh sure and like yeah like cool i guess you know this  but when you get it it's just like this little like cart and you just drive around a track and  and you can't like bump it you can't do what you can do with bumper cars it's right you can't run  red lights you're living dangerously on the real road yeah yeah i was like i could take my car  80 miles per hour at that little bumper car sure um yeah what have we talked about there's the i  don't know this is the ring of fire that's the sort of just like gains momentum in a big loop  until it spins all the way around but it's really unnerving like because it does like right before  it does the full one it like is almost there and then hangs for a little bit i think you know what  bugs me about a lot of them and i put zipper in the sand ring of fire is the resemblance to cages  just that you it's not a fun cage like casey jr i don't i don't find them fun because of the like  it's just such small inescapable it's like the lots of little triangles kind of cage and then it  and then the cage is going to do a thing that kind of upsets my body i'm in a mobile cage it's going  to upset me and that's what a lot of these things feel like to me it feels like maybe like the last  ride on the zipper before the carnival leaves town they just say keep the doors locked all the people  get stuck in there and then they take them to the next town and then train them to be carnies against  they like brainwash them along the way right oh god all the cars are pumped full of like  audio teaching them carnie language it's they're just like reciting that dictionary that glossary  that jason read we're playing for another big and we're thinking or lamborans is like this hypnotic  kind of thing that drives you in two big and that's a good marker yeah so well i were onto this  carnie brainwashing scam that's why yeah no last ride of the night for don't ever do it  if anyone listening you're just going to get driven one town over before you know it and you're like  you get out of there and you're way more grizzled you look like you aged 30 years you use lots of  like technology like marks nobody knows what you're talking about anymore well it's it's  punishment it's the two things one this is literally i believe the plot of something wicked this way  comes the red ray bradbury book i think a very old jason robards was in the movie version  and two i bet the people that they do that to are two of my favorite phrases i came across in the  glossary lot lice and looky loos those are the guests who come early stay late and they walk  around and they don't buy anything so that's their that's their punishment they get loaded up and  they get loaded into the ride and driven to the next town so don't if you're a lot lice or a  looky lou you know don't be a looky lou don't be they just developed 30 ways to show their disdain  for everybody who comes to their carnivals all of this stuff all of this american entertain and i  and i think like they had fun fairs in the uk but all this stuff started just to be tricks  everything was just a trick everything yeah it's just to swindle people yeah it was just like  told and now it's so funny you were talking earlier about how like all of entertainment  sort of comes from this and it does yeah you know like comedy the variety show all of that stuff  and it's become this like multi-billion dollar industry but yeah it's so funny that it started  out just like how can we swindle all these people out of their money  really the barker was the original promoted tweet think about that think about that for  all the rest of the week until our next episode comes out step right up step right up see the  monolith that appeared in utah and now in romania what is this monolith huh  oh yeah it's all the same thing any uh any final thoughts memories anyone's got  oh yes or details about uh your your your brief uh carnie experience uh do you miss any of the  18 year olds do you have you kept in touch no i don't and i weirdly no i don't i really didn't  even think about it until jason reached out to me um yeah i know i yeah no there was not a  strong you didn't you weren't in a carnie marriage with no i did not get in a carnie marriage it's  fascinating i would watch a documentary on carnie's and like a heartbeat if like a documentary  because i i'm fascinated because there's i know there's something rich in there i haven't i just  touched i feel like i just touched the surface of it but um yeah there's a um there's a movie  about carnie's that i would not watch in a second because i saw the trailer uh it is a movie  starring jodie foster and gary bucey 1980 we're talking about scary movies i don't know why i  didn't talk about carnie then i watched i couldn't even make it through half of this trailer this is  the scariest joker shit i've ever seen oh my god you know we all say joker's like king of comedy  but joker's also a lot like carnie from that was seeing a young gary bucey put paint on his face  and get demented and yell at jodie foster he seems to like sort of abduct her and there's a  weird line about like some another carnie is like well are you always hanging out with your  girlfriend and he says in i think in clown makeup she's our girlfriend oh whoa looks like the most  upsetting movie i've ever seen it's the name of it is carnie carnie from 1980 check this out  i car i truly a uh trailer i couldn't even make it all the way through  watch along with carnie not coming to podcast the ride all right we won't do that as an episode but  i will do that uh take a plane class try it let me know maybe we can get a comp because uh we'll  promote it on the show yeah it counts as themed entertainment now if anything happens to that  plane to the i know you've now that you've said it i'm not doing it it's off you put it into the  world scott there's no way it's a quick jaunt you know no i don't want to even entertain that lax  lax to little st james around hey wait what little st james little st james well someone's  got to work the epstein island you're part of this carnival now you're this kind of party now  musha k maybe but not little st james jason okay musha k david copperfield's island  um anyway well um you know the conquering fears that's where is there any like well you know we've  been cooped up for a while is there a fear leanna you'd want to uh to conquer after all this car  carnival or otherwise i think i think i'm flying and yeah i think it would be flying because it i  feel like like i went to japan a couple years ago and it was just like the start and the cap of my  wonderful trip was just like terror i would love to travel and finish out a nice trip we're terrified  uh yeah i think it'd be flying and unfortunately there's a new reason to be terrified of flying  currently i know coven hey look it's perfectly safe according to studies commissioned by the  uh airline industry dot com uh that's right yeah and gary bucey's carney character and gary who  wrote this study cut to him and we wrote this study  uh awesome hey well thank you for thanks for talking to us about carnival stuff sharing carnival  carney memories leon bowen you survived podcast the ride uh let's exit through the the prize  booth uh instead of the the gift shop is there is there anything you like to plug  uh no um i guess uh ted lasso's on apple tv right now um get someone's password because it's not  worth it i'm just i don't know i'm sure they'll add more better stuff to their slate but yeah  uh check it out that's well i think you get a year of apple tv if you buy a phone or a laptop so  that's all you have to so really apple tv is free if you otherwise give apple three thousand dollars  yes three thousand dollars that's all you got to do yeah so yeah do that everybody  um on the cheaper end of things for five dollars a month you can get three bonus episodes of podcast  the ride at podcast the ride the second gate patreon.
com podcast the ride and we're on all the  social medias and all the things um is there a way that a carney would uh say goodbye  is there a carney terminology for uh you know getting the hell out of this burg  uh i think you would just try to do it like fast in the middle of the night you know  is there an irish goodbye is that is a carney goodbye the same as an irish goodbye just for a  massive caravan of equipment i guess i don't know that's another thing behind her hair  no i get well then i guess the thing to do is just is to just say so long suckers  so long suckers i got your money suckers we never saw them again you marks you loser marks  forever dog this has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike carlson  jason sharridan scott gardner brett bohme joe cilio and alex ramsey for more original podcasts  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts  spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us  on twitter and instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on facebook