 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate and Merry Christmas to all you listeners.
  I'm Jason Sheridan here with Mike Carlson.
  I'm here, yes.
 Merry Christmas, happy holidays.
  And Scott Gardner also here.
  Didn't expect to hear from us, huh?  You might not be seeing your real family, but at least you get to hear your fake  family, us, in your ears.
  Yes.
 Now, full disclosure, my hosts don't know what I have convinced them I wanted  to talk about today.
  But the Halloween mini episode was such a smash hit and I had something I  wanted to talk about that I've bumped from two different episodes for time  concerns.
 So I figured, well, I've already got all these pictures captured and  about 10 sentences.
 And I think that's damn enough for an episode.
  That is damn enough.
 You're right.
  Damn, damn enough.
  Damn, damn enough.
  For a little bit, but manage your expectations listeners.
  This is more like the fun socks you get in your Christmas stocking.
  The McGruff EP was like the PS5 you got.
  So, it's a good way to put it.
  Fellas, you all know what time it is.
  I want to talk about Earl the squirrel.
  Now, as I said, what?  What now?  I had to push this.
  I had this set aside for two different like newsy episodes and our holiday episode.
  But both we had events to do.
  I think one, Scott, you had to get in the car and drive to Six Flags for the other.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I was like literally leaving.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  Yes.
  And boy, was it worth it.
  See some scary stilt guys in front of closed burrito restaurants.
  Hell yeah.
 But it took time away from Earl the squirrel.
  Earl the squirrel.
  Earl the squirrel.
 So, listeners, some background if you have not been paying attention.
  So here's what Earl the squirrel is.
  Earl the squirrel is a small animatronic that pops out of the Universal Studios, Florida, Christmas tree.
  Now, he's gotten a lot of shine this year, a lot of press in the theme park journalism world.
  And when you say a lot, that's like as much as you can get without me having ever come across this before.
  That's right.
 I believe I texted you an article about it and your response was OK.
  I see.
  But a couple of things.
 I mean, this year, Earl has a little mask on and I mean.
  OK, hold on, hold on.
 Let me start.
  You can't be mad at that.
  I just want to make sure because I don't remember this either.
  You probably texted it and I probably didn't even respond.
  So is this I'm looking at a picture of Earl right now.
  He is an animatronic.
 He emerges like a cuckoo clock.
  Is that what you're saying?  Yes, he pops out of the tree every now and then.
  And he kind of like was built up as like, you know, there's a lot of apocryphal explanations  about like how he came to be at Universal.
  One was that they were setting up the tree one year and a squirrel jumped out at the Universal team members and startled them.
  Another attacked them.
 Yeah, attacked them.
  Another was that there was a power outage one year.
  The trees just went out.
  The lights went out on the tree.
  Everyone shocked it up to Earl the squirrel.
  And then at some point he got turned into an ornament.
  And as you can see, he was he's holding little lights.
  But this year, Earl also became the mascot of the Universal Florida  Christmas Tribute Store,  which was formerly the Halloween Horror Nights Tribute Store that kind of in a few days, they flipped to Christmas stuff.
  And now it's a little cartoon, which I think is also pretty cute.
  I remember that picture now.
  That's coming back to me.
  That seems like familiar.
  And this this feels like this this version of Earl seems like a Gravity Falls design type of an Earl.
  It's not a way to put it.
  Practical.
  Or it's not a realistic Earl.
  It's a fun cartoon Earl.
  Yes, I have that in my notes, in fact, that they likely owe the creators of Gravity Falls some some fees, some licensing fees, because he's very  you could say it's too like this is a big Christmas tree, like a big Christmas store themed as if it was a tree lot.
  And they put Earl on the hot cocoa cups.
  They put him on a shirt.
  They put him on a tree farm, which you would come back from Florida with to a lot of blank stares.
  That's right.
 How long has Earl been around?  Well, I think the ornament, like the animatronic ornament in the tree has been around for a little while now.
  And I think it's a thing that like, you know, oh, keep an eye out.
  Like, you got to go look for that, you know.
  So it's like a little man of Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  Type of a little hidden special.
  It's something special for the true fans to notice and point out.
  But now they're market, they're mass marketing Earl.
  And quite frankly, it sounds like they're diluting sort of that mystery.
  You were talking about this different legends of how he he became to be.
  But now it looks like he's just out front and they're just deciding to go full, full hog, a whole hog with Earl.
  I, you know, I think an argument could be made there because he's, you know, kind of on all of the Christmas brochures.
  And everything, you know, there's fake posters for him.
  He's promoting like the, oh, look, Scott, I saved this for you.
  He's selling these big gummy lights.
  Doesn't that look delicious?  See, oh, they're gummies.
  Would you get you'd get so tired of eating that you're looking, you're showing a giant yellow bulb as big as somebody's hand.
  And you'd like maybe three bites long you're into this.
  And then I think you bail gummies are gummies are tough for me.
  I'll eat a gummy, but I'm not a big gummy guy.
  Yeah, general, I do think that gummy just plain gummy worms.
  I have one or two, but it's not I can't binge on them like some other candies.
  I want to point out that the new version of Earl looks a little bit like and maybe I'm wrong.
  He looks he's giving me also like a cousin Eddie from the vacation movies vibe.
  He's giving me like kind of a Randy Quaid vibe.
  He looks a little bit like some alarming tweets all year as well.
  Yeah, he's in Canada tweeting, stop the steal and stuff.
  He's a big Sidney Powell fan as well.
  So stop the steal of nuts.
  That is I want him.
  Yeah.
  So I'll say this.
  I I like Earl the squirrel and I think both versions are cute.
  I like him.
  I like him plenty.
  I'm just confused.
  Like there is something about this, this sudden presentation  that to where I feel like I'm supposed to have heard of this.
  And maybe if I didn't respond to you the first time, Jason, it was because I had no idea what this was.
  But you did.
 Have you been aware of Earl for a long time?  I think I had heard about like the, you know, the thing that pops out of the tree.
  But I think this year they kind of like went all in.
  Do you have video of him popping out of the tree?  I'd love to see the mechanism.
  I don't have video.
  No, I'm sure if I can find it.
  Yes, see if you can find it.
  I don't know.
 I thought it was just interesting because how often  do the Universal Parks create a totally original character besides like Evac?  Are there any others like that you can think of off the top of your head?  All I can think of are Earl and Evac.
  In a way, Botanicus and the E.
T.
 friends, like they are from that book,  but that's not they'd never really popped until the ride when you still might  say they did not pop necessarily because it took us lots of podcast obsession  to know the name Orbidon.
  But if you've got Orbidon.
  The flop gloppel.
  The flop gloppel.
  But still not technically original.
  That's a good question.
  What about like Kimberly Duncan, the host of T2 3D?  That's a good one.
 Yeah, that's pretty good.
  That's original IP.
  Still, you couldn't like get a shirt out of it, I wouldn't think.
  Well, like the T1 million, I guess, is technically.
  But these are also characters created in a different universe as well.
  So they're not pure universal.
  Or all the scroll seems to be pure universal, not tied to another property.
  Yeah.
 And it reminds me more of a Disney thing  where like fans latch on to something like people charge.
  We can see they're latching on to Earl.
  They're latching on.
  I mean, they're trying to make it happen.
  Clearly, there's a lot of Earl merchandise.
  Oh, this is also like a new food thing, a new like Instagrammy food thing.
  These these big like sugar balls or chocolate balls you drop into hot cocoa.
  And then as it melts, it unveils either like more chocolate chips inside  or like marshmallows inside.
  Well, how big is the ball? How big is the ball?  It's like slightly larger than like a Christmas tree ball.
  Oh, so like there's secrets in the ball.
  Yes.
 Now, this now this has got me very interested.
  You can put technology.
  That's that's fun as hell.
 Yeah.
  Damn fun.
 It's damn fun.
  It's damn fun.
 Yeah.
  I'm watching World of Micah, World of Micah.
  We've mentioned, I think, when we were well, no, we're going to mention  World of Micah, excuse me.
  I'm forgetting.
  Don't worry, a lot of talk of the YouTube channel, World of Micah coming.
  But yeah, we we mentioned him.
  He's he's talking about Earl the Squirrel.
  And you really can't get a good picture.
  Earl seems like he's kind of high up on the universal tree.
  So it was really like a little sneaky, little secret, little fun secret.
  If you knew what you were looking for.
  Yeah.
 Now that's ruined.
  Now that's over.
 Now it's market.
  Yeah, we're ruining it.
 We're calling it out.
  Yeah.
 Making it a.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  So I like I like this.
  I think more needs to be done.
  We've said this before, Universal, in addition to just embracing its roots,  embracing the classic universal because people like that nostalgia.
  I like this trend.
  I hope they hide more characters around the park and then gravity falsify them.
  Yes.
  That's a specific order of events you want to happen more.
  Put them in the Gravity Falls machine and then pop them out  with a cute face that makes them look a little unhinged.
  Yeah, I guess this is sort of in pursuit of having Christmas  IP as well.
  But, you know, we we've covered Grinchmas before and kind of the odd  weight that they give to Jim Carrey Grinch, although Jim Carrey Grinch,  I think, was on the the SNL that was on last night, I believe.
  So Jim Carrey Grinch does loom large.
  I mean, it wasn't him doing it confusingly, even though he has been on Seriant Live.
  I think it was Pete Davidson.
 I didn't see the sketch.
 But OK.
  There is a lot of I guess  the Jim Carrey Grinch maybe looms larger than I thought.
  And the God knows the baby looms larger in our mentions  than I ever would have wished.
  The baby is everywhere.
  The baby is never going to go as long as we do this podcast.
  We're going to be bombarded by the baby.
  I watched my interview two years ago with the Grinch,  and I I definitely promised a follow up.
  And then I then I guess last year I was just not invited to any sort  of interview situation with the Grinch.
  Which I think is, you know, bullshit.
  But we were going to come back maybe with Scott to talk to the Grinch,  because the Grinch, of course, I showed him a photo of baby Grinch.
  And I said, were you cute as a baby?  And he said, of course I was cute.
  He was very emphatic about it.
  And he insulted, I think, Scott, too, because I said, Sky,  I said your full name to him to try to start a feud.
  You say my full name.
  I mean, I know all this, but I don't remember.
  Yeah, well, I honestly I forgot most of it, too.
  And I showed him the iPad and he said, well, who said I wasn't cute?  And I said, well, my co-host, Scott Garner, has been saying  your baby photo wasn't cute.
  Keep my keep my name out your lips.
  Grinch, much more divisive baby Grinch.
  I think everyone can agree that at least one version of Earl is cute.
  I don't I don't think you'll get a lot of pushback.
  I like I like these roles.
  I just I guess I want to know more.
  I like like maybe they have to keep going with this to fully justify it.
  Yeah.
 But it does have kind of an early Duffy  thing about it, where, you know, Mike's obsession with Duffy seemed to come from  suddenly Duffy's in California Adventure and everybody's like, what's Duffy?  And that's sort of similar to this, like Earl, huh?  And merchandise of Earl.
  But what's Earl?  Gabbo, Gabbo, Gabbo, Gabbo.
  Yeah, it's yeah.
  I wonder, like, I mean, there's not really a great organic way, I guess,  unless you would have built an Earl ride or something,  because it's not like they have an Earl cartoon or anything.
  I don't think at least maybe maybe that's in the works.
  But yeah, I also wanted to question the naming of calling something a tribute  store, because I had never really heard that phrase.
  And when I Googled it, the main instance of tribute store online  was a business that was like it's a it says tribute store, like for bereavement.
  So like send flowers or a nice like gift to those in mourning.
  I see what you're saying.
 I see.
 I see.
 Yeah.
  But is it is it a store  tributing Earl? No, I think it comes.
  It comes from the Halloween Horror Nights tribute store, which they're coming up on,  like approaching 30 years of Halloween Horror Nights.
  So I think it's like tributes to characters and houses from that.
  I see.
 And then, you know, the pandemic being making,  you know, necessity, the mother of invention.
  They're like, well, let's do a Christmas.
  Let's deck it out for Christmas now and let's get this guy in there.
  Apparently, it was supposed to be somewhere else.
  It was supposed to be at another location, the Christmas store.
  And then they real quick moved it into  the Halloween Horror Nights tribute store space, which is like over by the mummy  ride in Universal Florida.
  Can we think real quick off the top of our heads, are there other places  you could organically put an animal in Universal Studios, give it a name  and then try to mass market it like?  Maybe a pigeon on top of the New York Street.
  You know, and he pops out, it's a kind of a cheap looking effect,  but it's fun.
 And you point out that there's like  Peter Pigeon or something.
  Oh, was Peter Pigeon up? Did you know about Peter Pigeon?  Do you know?  And then all of a sudden, Peter Pigeon is on all the clothes.
  And he's a thing.
  And eventually, you know what? You keep building this.
  You get some walk around characters out of this.
  Well, I think you do.
  You want to expand like a Duffy and Friends universe of  animals that are just hanging out in Universal.
  And then you could do your own.
 Yeah.
  Duffy and Friends.
 Yeah.
  And then they show up and then there's then they have to build a whole  Cape Cod section of Universal where  where Earls, Peter Pigeon and Earl and Earl and Earl and Friends.
  Yeah.
  Let's see what else?  There's that fear factor area.
  Do they still? What's the status of fear factor these days?  It's a good question.
  Yeah, it seems like on and off.
  I know they don't even know if they do it.
  But is there a there were a lot of eating of animals on fear factor  being around animals?  Is there a good is there one most associated with fear factor?  Is it like being covered in snakes or eating worms or I don't know what?  I feel like there were  I feel like worms.
  I feel like worms.
  I feel like people ate a lot of worms there.
  OK, if that's the knee jerk that it's that it's worms,  then, you know, I don't want to just go Wally Warnover.
  Get some Wally's.
  Is there a W.
O.
 name?  Oh, Wendell Wendell.
  Oh, that's nice.
 Wendell Worm.
 OK.
  Yeah.
 Wendell Worm, the friendly the veteran of every fear factor worm dump.
  Yeah.
 And he just pokes his worm head out of like the side of the building.
  And it's very tiny.
  And you go, oh, check, check that out.
  Like, here we go.
  And it's just like a little they basically just rethemed a pencil  and they like colored it like a worm and he pokes his little head out  and then he comes back in the hardest spot.
  Yeah.
 It'd be a real eagle eye.
  When that's how you think you could eat eagle eyes on.
  Remember the eagle eye challenge?  Joe Rogan forest hundreds of people to eat eagles eyes.
  He himself gouged a bunch of bald eagle eyes out, made people eat them.
  He took some DMT and then he took some eyes out of eagle's heads.
  Yeah.
 So that's that's I like this.
  What would we call like, I guess it could be called  Earl's universe, but like I like the Earl's World.
  Earl's.
 That's good.
  That's actually a better name than that is good.
 Yeah.
  I was going for something like  everyday friends, the everyday animal, like something more like  can feature syndicate.
  Earl's World featuring the everyday friends.
  That's good.
 Yeah, that's the everyday friends.
  All right.
 These are ideas.
  Luckily, this is on the Patreon.
  Yeah, these are great ideas.
  You know, yeah.
 Not giving it away for free.
  Yeah, they would at least have to pay for five dollars to hear this one episode.
  If they want it, if they heard there was something to steal.
  Yeah.
 Did the Blues Brothers have an animal?  Well, they did.
 They have a dog in Blues Brothers 2000  where they had a little kid.
  I definitely had a kid.
  Yeah, they had a kid.
  And I have no doubt that if they were to do Blues Brothers  2021, that it would be the most CGI strewn film ever made  and that there might be many many blues critters.
  Oh, my God.
 I would love to make Blues Brothers 2021.
  Well, you know, they're insisting.
  Oh, yeah.
 Sorry.
  I was just going to say, actually, let's wait 10 years.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
  Blues Brothers 2021 coming in 2029.
  Let's hope everyone's alive and 80 years old.
  The Blues Brothers Tour America performing at every like big venue  in town to help them recover from the pandemic.
  Oh, my God.
 Great.
 Oh, yeah.
  They're bailing out all their little like, you know,  you have a little like porch side, all the little juke joints.
  They're saving America's blues in 2020.
  We got the blues in 2021.
  We're going to save the blues and sing about what we all experienced.
  Oh, I got that covid.
  We're going to make me so sad.
  Belushi, Goodman, Acroid.
  And then there's got to be like Kevin James.
  Let's throw in.
 Oh, Kevin James.
  I think Quaid, I think Quaid gets redeemed.
  Oh, but throw Dennis in too.
  Oh, yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, I mean, if they're going to like pop around the country,  then they can go meet a lot of regional great entertainers  like Dennis Quaid.
  Blues Brothers, Blues Brothers, Inc.
  There's multiple blues brothers around this country.
  I mean, they kind of did that, I think, already, but let's really expand it.
  Like they're like the men in black at this point.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And at this point, you know, there's been so many great blues musicians  since they made the last movie, you know, like John Mayer.
  So we got to get all the end.
  Is Kenny Wayne Shepard, is that a name of someone who was popular  18 years ago? If so, they're going in the new Blues Brothers movie.
  It's going in the movie.
 Uh huh.
  Blues and Blues and Friends.
  That's good.
 Josh Stone is in the movie.
  I know that seems like somebody.
  Yeah, right.
  Were they were they on the Grammys in 2003?  Then for sure.
  They're on Acro.
 They just got on Acro.
  It's great.
 Our greatest.
  This is the great of all the movies we've ever made up  thinking about making this one to me is the most exciting.
  It's pretty good.
  And you know that they would want to do mocap bodies, right?  Like undoubtedly, they would want to peewee it.
  Yeah, or the Irishmen.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Oh, so they look young, but they still they still dance  like current acro and Jim Belushi.
  Oh, I want this movie to happen so bad.
  Yes, they're there.
  And then, John, you can get John in the movie as well.
  You get.
 Oh, John Belushi is back.
  Yeah.
  My grandma, Tarquin, Peter Cushing.
  Yeah, Leia at the end of Rogue One, John Belushi in the movie  the whole time, she could come back to Leia can come back to.
  Well, she's from the.
  That's right.
 They got the model.
  Throw Carrie Fisher in there.
 Absolutely.
  She's in the first one, Mike.
  She's trying to kill them.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 Yeah.
  Mark Hamill's in.
 Mark Hamill shows up.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, I.
 Yeah.
  If there's a model of them, then they're in.
  And yeah, that feels exactly like Eckerd would have no problem  throwing a CGI.
  No, Lucia and maybe a Farley to.
  Oh, please.
  They entirely construct a new Blues brother played by Chris Farley.
  And most people, like 90% of people are like, what a great tribute.
  Like only people on the on the fringes are like,  that's weird as shit that they would do that.
  All the all the James Browns in the movie again, like James Brown's back.
  And he's in the movie.
  60s James Brown, 80s James Brown.
  All of the era.
  This is a four hour movie  that spans the era.
  What was this episode about already?  Earl is just a jumping off.
  But see, a little spark of imagination,  and then you end up creating a universe.
  Hopped out to give us some ideas.
  God damn it.
  I would go right into this.
  I've been exhausted all day just from living.
  Now I have nothing wrong.
  It's just it's just there's a lot going on in the world and everything.
  I've been so tired.
  And this is the first time I felt any energy today is the idea of this.
  This is great.
  And you know what? We title back together before.
  There's a little cartoon short, like in the old days of the movies.
  And it's Earl and his friends, the everyday friends.
  Does Earl play like harmonica or anything?  Blues harmonica, maybe maybe in the logo,  maybe the Universal Globe logo, it turns around and he's standing on top of it.
  And he's dressed like a blues brother.
  And he's playing the harmonica a little after the short.
  That's fine.
 But it's got to be short because we got to get to this movie.
  We got to get to it.
  Yeah, we got to get like two and a half minutes tops  because we have four hours we got.
  This is also going to save movie theaters  and bring movies back as they bring the concert industry back.
  We finally have a plan.
  It would really be perfect.
  Like you could be shooting in a month.
  And it's like the first movie to come out after everybody has a vaccine.
  And it's the biggest movie of all time.
  Yes.
 If you're distributing the vaccine, you know,  they're suited agents like the military.
  I know that's not how it's ending up playing out,  but this is what Trump wanted to do.
  The military is just handing people more.
  So they like there's like like they meet a CGI James Brown,  who's, you know, also tired from living.
  And he's just like on a couch like I don't dance no more.
  And then they stick him with the vaccine and he gets up.
 Hey!  We're on a mission from God to vaccinate the United States of America  with with with Pfizer's vaccine and a healthy dose of blues.
  It's chased with blues.
  Oh, my God.
  So they're driving.
 So the blues mobile has it's like cold.
  It like there's a bunch of dry ice.
  Yeah, they're driving around a big wagon full of dry ice.
  It's got to be kept very cold.
  Subway zero.
  Yeah, very extremely cool, just like the blues.
  So so there's a lot of different satellite blues, brother cars,  blues mobiles with the different blues brother configurations.
  So I guess it's like Chris Farley.
  I guess you could put Spade in.
  Mm hmm.
 Oh, Spade's good.
 Yeah.
  They're all mocapped, though, like he's almost like he looks like himself in 95.
  But very plastic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And they're all doing they're all doing this across the world.
  And then they all come together for a giant like Live Aid concert at the end.
  But they take it.
  But then don't forget that at some point they take the wrong ramp  and the ramp keeps sending the car up to space and then they get they get  get subjected by a spaceship and then they get out.
  Build our conehead.
  Yes, that's right.
  We are big fans of the blues.
  I mean, let's put let's throw every asteroid.
  Mr.
 Mainway from Mainway Toys from this from Saturday Night Live.
  Let's get it.
 Yeah, that's me.
  Toy guy.
  I'm selling a vaccine, too.
  It's a toy vaccine for kids.
  Seems like we can get some of the budget covered if we have a good scene  where like the conehead shake hands with the Space Force Guardians.
  You know, that's a good.
  Oh, ours, one of the guardians.
  Oh, there's one of the guardians.
  Oh, shit.
  Oh, I love it is in this, too.
  It says a big part in this.
  I don't know what it is.
  I guess he could be a blues brother, too.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Love it can be the head of Dippin Dots.
  Here's another brand we can get in there because Dippin Dots  sell those extra cool coolers that they might have to use for the vaccine.
  Dippin Dots is involved in the vaccination effort.
  What a miracle that is like a movie, like a rag tag.
  That's that's like hiring Randy Quaid to fly the fighter jet in Independence Day.
  What do we got?  We got a Dippin Dots truck.
  You're in.
  Eleven year old me is vindicated by the quality of Dippin Dots.
  Was the ice cream of the future the ice cream that saved the future?  Wow.
 The future.
  Well, God, this would be the greatest film of all time.
  This is great.
  It shows the power of universal IP, which is where we began.
  So sorry, you're all.
  Thank you, Earl, but sorry, Earl.
  It all started with a squirrel.
  Never forget.
  Never forget the finest film.
  And we're still even though it's so it's the movie is going to be all about  the events of twenty twenty one, but it's not going to come out until twenty  twenty nine.
 Yeah, it's going to take a long time because the because like  Irishmen took forever because of all that CGI.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Get them into Pacino and De Niro.
  And yeah, yeah, they're they're their own Blues Brothers.
  They're their own Blues Brothers.
  And for the post-production houses,  the crunch on this is going to be gnarly just to heads up.
  Honestly, though, be funny if it's like you got two weeks.
  Do your best.
  We're exporting at midnight on  two Fridays from now, no matter what.
  Whatever you got, we're putting out in the theater.
  It doesn't matter.
  Good luck and see what happens.
  See what comes out.
  They're booked.
  Everyone's gotten their tickets, even though we haven't.
  Why aren't more movies made as like bit as a bit?  You know, I mean, Soderbergh's done a few like that,  and they've been mixed results, but sure, fun.
  But this seems like this is slam dunk.
  Yeah, this is why I do wish movies were like this.
  And they will be when we do Blues Brothers twenty twenty one.
  Well, is that it?  That's it.
 Is that our Christmas treat?  That's our Christmas treat.
  Hey, listeners, have a great Christmas.
  Yeah, you survived.
  Now you've survived our twenty twenty content.
  Took longer than you thought.
  A little bit like a half hour longer.
  You thought you were done.
 Just a little little cherry on top.
  Just listen to a little Christmas blues and enjoy the night.
  They got to have a Christmas album, right?  Is there a Blues Brothers Christmas album?  Well, if not, we're going to start working on one.
  It's for you to make.
 That's for a blues brothers Christmas.
