 Forever.
  Dog.
  It's a podcast the ride, very COVID safe Christmas.
  Coming to you from apocalyptic facsimiles of Knott's Berry Farm, Six Flags Magic Mountain  and Disneyland.
  With appearances by Mr.
 Six, Cyborg, a mean topical Ebenezer Scrooge, a man from the candy  cane realm, a pound and a half of fudge, a truly ill synced zoom sing along and due to  his breaking of current travel laws, no appearance by Santa Claus.
  And now here's your host, the regular host.
  Welcome to 2020's final podcast, the ride, a podcast about theme parks where after this  year we wish we chose a different podcast topic.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan.
  I mean, you know, what are you going to do?  You know, it's just good that we love delving into the past.
  I like that our hearts are in the 80s and 90s and such so much because boy, if it was all  like, new rides opening this year, that's a rough one.
  Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, I'm here.
  I think that maybe we should have done a podcast about like Jeff Bezos's fortune maybe because  this year we would have been so excited to see the fortune grow as people got put out  needed his services more and he got more and more money and people got put out of work  and we would be thriving if that's all we talked about on this show.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, I know.
  What's a good topic for the year?  If it was already a podcast about germ paranoia, this would have been a boon time.
  Yeah, that would have been a good idea for a podcast.
  I mean, a podcast about hand washing prior to this year might have been a dull listen.
  I don't know.
  There might be one and it might have been great for many years until now.
  But I think 2020 is when the Wash Wash boys really peak.
  The Wash Wash boys would have, this would have been the biggest year in Wash Wash boys  history, for sure.
  Yeah, I think probably next year people are going to be sick of the Wash Wash boys, honestly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And they're going to like, they're trying to branch out.
  They're talking about like video games and Marvel movies and other.
  You can hear about those things anywhere.
  They try to like, they're talking about Star Wars and stuff, but they have to like tie  it into hand washing.
  And like, do you think DJ and last Jedi washed his hands?  Do you think Holdo, did she just come back from the bathroom and she washed her hands?  Like, but it doesn't really work.
  It's not really what the show was about.
  And I guess you have to ask at this point, just with all this news, has Disney washed  their hands of Rian Johnson's announced trilogy?  Seems like maybe they have just scrubbed the whole thing.
  Was it mixed in with the 50 other announcements they strung out over four hours?  Yeah, that's yeah, that's what people people think they didn't announce it, but it was  in there.
  Just everyone blacked out.
  Everyone took a nap at the exact same time.
  So yeah, Wash Wash boys.
  I'm glad we're not doing it, but it would have been smart.
  It would have been at least smart to do an offshoot.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, we'll make a spin off immediately.
  Let's hedge our bets from now on and just pick like five random things to do podcasts  about and see if they're they come into fruition down the road.
  As of now, we're doing a podcast about theme parks and this is the last one of the year  on the main feed.
  There are some treats waiting for you next week on podcast.
  Patreon.
com slash podcast the ride, but we're winding it down here for the year.
  The sort of corny earnest thing I want to say at the top is just a big thanks to the audience  of this show for sticking with us.
  You know what I liked was doing a show where we got to like go see the audience and they  got to come see us and how much I liked that we're starting to tour and and last year we  got to end the year doing this like cozy little show in a little black box theater  that felt like such a nice way to like hang with everybody and talk to everyone after.
  And now that same event would be like a highly illegal super spreader.
  I wish this wasn't the case, but the but the audience nonetheless in this virtual setting,  I just like thank everyone for for sticking with us even in this weird way of doing the  show.
 And we're so glad we didn't have to stop doing the show.
  Yes, I think about this often that I did have a few times maybe in March and April when  oh, everyone's just going to stop listening, right?  Everyone's more important things to do right now than listen to us.
  You make jokes about Admiral Holdo, but I appreciate I really very much appreciate everyone  sticking with us and having fun.
  I wish we could be together.
  Once every podcast I listened to was doing the same thing and developing the same  encountering the same obstacles and overcoming the same challenges we were, I was like, oh,  OK, this is all right.
  Thank God we're dealing with it.
  I mean, it would be funny if like Doughboys was like, no, we're doing it in person still  forever.
 We defy the governor.
  We're drop.
 We're going to shoot droplets into each other's mouths for these 10 months.
  They did it in the hospital.
  They got it at the same time and had to do it between edit out ventilator hits.
  Right.
 And it annoyed the other patients.
  But the Doughboys maintained even in the ICU.
  Of course.
 So, yes, I yes, God bless all of you.
  If you don't believe in God, I'm using that in a way where I mean like,  you know, just a general like, you know, nice God version.
  I'm not saying anything in a specific religious way.
  You know, I'm spiritual.
  Praise the nice.
  Thank the nice feeling you have for sticking with us.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, sir.
 It's just been such a like sanity life raft and such a difficult.
  Yeah.
 And how many people have had to drop the thing that they do?  And it's been great going to do the thing that we do.
  And thanks to you guys, too.
  It's just been I look forward to these a lot even more than before.
  Yes, it's a or I think maybe you said it's got to forget if it's like it's  a it's like we have to be forced to be like having fun.
  What's a force? Two hours of fun.
  It's on the schedule.
 We set up a link.
  And you click the link.
  There's a link to have fun.
 So get on it and do it.
  That's good.
 So, yes, I couldn't agree more.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Nice.
 Nice to have the reason.
  And there's and to our our audience, there's one more.
  Thing that we need to address.
  And that is this if if you can remember  the first podcast, the ride of 2020.
  And that's a big if because who can possibly who can remember  what life was in January 2020.
  But something that was said, I think at the top of the very first show  was a sort of pimped thing from me to you,  Mike, especially was that 2020 will be the year that we do  the country bear jamboree.
  Now, my feeling is and I think we started feeling as the year ticked on,  why would we take this attraction that we love so much and curse it  and force this attraction to like exist under the  the the the shadowy specter of the worst year ever?  And that's why we have decided to remove.
  We were calling an audible.
  Twenty twenty does not count.
  You know, when I when I said we'll cover it this year, I meant like the,  you know, the regular year that was supposed to happen, not this year,  the one that did.
  And and I guess with that, Mike, I turn it to you  for anything that you would like to say about our future handling  of the country bear jamboree.
  And if I get emotional at any point during this, please just forgive me.
  I think I'll be able to hold it together, though.
  But first of all, I do think there.
  Yeah, we said initially, Scott, you sprung it on me.
  I can't help but feel maybe it was a bit of a curse,  you know, to swipe me with that blind side, me with that,  because it's such a big, important topic.
  And I was reeling.
  So I feel like maybe the universe got kind of knocked out of whack.
  But I look, I shouldn't put that on you.
  That's not fair.
  But I think it's perfectly fair and it's all my fault.
  But, you know, but moving forward, moving on, moving forward.
  I will say this.
  I I have a vision for the country bear episode of podcast, a ride,  and it just cannot work in Zoom.
  OK, it's it's just I thought about it.
  I thought, is there a way we can do it?  And I don't there is, but it's like I know it's going to lack  the in-person energy.
  So we thought about doing, oh, we're going to do the we could just do the movie.
  But that feels like we're just going to give you like a half-assed version  just to placate everyone.
  And it's like, well, we'll go we'll get to the movie,  but we should probably do main show first.
  And I also thought about like Christmas show, summer show.
  Should we just do that instead and then do the main one later?  But no, we should start with the main one.
  We should do it.
  And the good news, I think, and hopefully vaccine permitting,  the first in-person recording that we do will be the country bears.
  So I apologize for not getting it done this year.
  But the first one we do where we get to look into each other's  eyes inside of a place will be the country bears.
  And I will say the thing I will add just as a little bit of a tease,  is I want to have a real jamboree.
  And my co-hosts don't quite know what I'm talking about.
  And I 75% know what I'm talking about, but I'm still working on some logistics of it.
  But I I want to have a jamboree for real.
  So whatever that means to you, imagine it and just know that a good jamboree  is coming on the country bear jamboree episode.
  So I apologize.
  What I like about this is you are allowing yourself wiggle room.
  Something I think we are good at when we say we'll do something.
  Because it's like the first in-person episode back could be any number of upcoming  months based on constantly changing factors.
  Sure.
  Depending on how ambitious we get, on how further worse our state gets,  the one we record the podcast in.
  There's a lot going on here.
  Yes.
  State of California, individual mental, psychological states, you know.
  So I'm glad this is malleable.
  And I'm also glad there's not a firm deadline because sometimes stuff is set on this show.
  And I do not remember it.
  When we sometimes handle logistical stuff before or right after recording, I usually have a legal  pad in my hand or a pocket notebook.
  Because if I don't see it directly in front of me, I will just totally space on the conversation.
  Well, then let's.
.
.
  Okay, that being said, Jason, we turn to you.
  We assume that you have prepared your rendition of Oh Holy Night to close out the Christmas  season and go ahead and go.
  Oh, you did.
  You did prepare it.
  Okay.
  Didn't need the legal pad.
  The church my family used to go to growing up, there was an older guy who every Christmas  Eve would just belt Oh Holy Night and would just kill it.
  And it's hard to find a rendition of a baritone or a bass singer really belting that song.
  That's why we gave it to you.
  You're a deep baritone.
  Oh, sure.
  Yep.
  All right.
  Well, that's pretty big news.
  That's big news there.
  Now, just as a clue, and this completely tells you why we can't do it over Zoom.
  The dictionary definition of jamboree is a large celebration or party, typically a lavish  and boisterous one.
  Well, that's a clue.
  That's what I'm thinking.
  I do think I mean, I guess now that I'm thinking about it, I mean, maybe we would need to have  more than the three of us.
  So maybe logistically, we have to figure out, you know, who's gotten, when is who got my  Pfizer?  Who got Moderna?  When did they get like there will be some of that logistic, because I think it will be  more than the three of us.
  But I do think that's accurate.
  Maybe big big is relative, you know, big for us might be having two guests on, you know,  because usually it's just one guest.
  Well, I don't know that that many members of the wrecking crew are still kicking around,  are they?  Well, not the wrecking crew you know about.
  OK, I had a different wrecking crew, brother.
  Are they all bears?  They're all bears.
  It's the three.
  OK, I'll reveal it now.
  I'm releasing three live bears into the apartment when we record while the country bears  episode is going on and we have to sort of just navigate that.
  Avoid them while we so it's not we're not going to be like singing or anything.
  The theme of it, we're just going to be like and then in 1978, oh God, then they added  the Christmas.
  Oh, shit, shit, shit.
  Yes, it's going to be it's dodging bears.
  No singing.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  A very creepy array of like Hitchcock-esque birds just went by as you were describing bear  attacks.
  So forgive me for getting distracted.
  I don't like to say the stuff that's happening outside the house, but in that case, straight  from bear attack into really creepy bird sounds, there's some real ominous stuff going on as  we make these plans.
  You're tempting the universe like we're tempting the universe again.
  I think I say, oh, my God, are we?  Yeah, by even discussing the country bears plan is the whole state of the world writing  on how we cover the country bear jamboree.
  We're going to have a country bear on the books and then there's going to be like there's  a new virus and it's like shuts everything down again.
  And then somebody like some mad scientist is going to have to run up to us and be like,  it's you.
  You're doing this.
  You can't do this country bears on your podcast.
  I've been listening to every podcast for clues.
  It's taken me hours and hours and days and weeks and years.
  I haven't slept, except when the podcast put me to sleep, which happens very often.
  Yes, it's too long.
  You go on for too long.
  Hours and hours come now.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, very exciting jamborees to come.
  Jamborees you'd have to have to say are among the things not allowed.
  Right.
 And jamborees have been banned by local and state officials.
  What a year, a year of no jamborees.
  Very sad.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, why would we have the country bear jamboree in a year of no jamborees?  We will not.
  So when things are safe, that will be the sign.
  That will be the flags triumphantly re-raising.
  And that's when you, the listener, will know that the world is is healed and that we were the virus.
  When Mayor Eric Garcetti puts on his overalls and pulls out his jug and blows on it three times,  then we know jamborees are safe.
  Well, then we know he will establish a commission to examine.
  Jug? Jug music?  Yeah, the jug music, the viability, the surveying, jamborees.
  Task force devoted to pushing the ball forward on jug blowing initiatives.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, he wanted to get that job in Biden's cabinet, examining jug blowing techniques.
  But Mayor Pete got it.
  Mayor Pete is the jug blowing secretary.
  He's the secretary of jug blowing.
  And he's oddly amazing at it.
  He's very talented.
  The guy he plays piano, he speaks languages, he plays a mean jug.
  Makes sense to me.
  Whatever the upload scientist jack into the port in the back of his skull, he's a.
.
.
  Whatever Morpheus uploads into the computer.
  Whatever.
  Yeah, six million dollar man.
  Initiate jug playing protocol.
  I.
.
.
  That also, if we're doing like a year in review, I think it really like dates everything.
  There was a point in this calendar year where the politician we were the most mad at was Pete Budažiš.
  Boy, if only we knew what was to come.
  I don't remember that.
  And if I do, it's like a dream 10 years ago I had.
  It's crazy.
  The whole thing is madness.
  Sometimes when I sit and reflect on just everything, I just, you go, oh, I see how you would lose your.
.
.
  I see how the joker would become the joker.
  You kind of see how a person could lose their mind.
  And I haven't been through nearly as much as the joker this year.
  So you can imagine if I'm like, oh, I can feel that thread if you pull on it a little more.
  It's important to remember.
  I mean, everybody's had their problems and their stresses, but no one has had it as bad as the joker.
  Arthur Fleck.
  Arthur Fleck.
  Is that right?  That's.
.
.
  That's what we were most scared of in fall 2019.
  That's right.
  It was the dreaded joker.
  That was the scariest thing we had to deal with, is the joker was going to create many jokers, multiple jokers.
  But then the virus came dancing down the stairs.
  That's right.
  Rock and roll part 19.
  In my mind, it looks like Mr.
 DNA from Jurassic Park dancing, but it's like he's obviously mean.
  It's like Mr.
 DNA, but he's mean.
  Big old smile, big old tap shoes.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, year in review, weird.
  Yeah.
  If I had to say, yeah, the year in theme parks.
  Well, I guess I'd have to start with weird.
  Weird wild stuff.
  Weird wild stuff.
  Yeah.
  And, you know, with some of the things we're going to be talking about today, I don't want to go jumping to our final observations, but I would have to say, based on our recent theme park experiences, I don't know, for me with theme parks, I got to say it's all about the rides.
  Call me crazy, but I do like rides.
  Food as well.
  Not having a constant sense of fear and paranoia.
  Some of my favorite things about the theme park experience.
  Yeah.
  I have to concur.
  We did get some food.
  We did get some food.
  No, food was part of it.
  Let's let's say officially what we're doing here, we're going to be discussing and reviewing the recent slate of Southern California COVID safe theme park experiences.
  This is a lineup that has changed greatly in the last two weeks.
  Like when the last two hours, that's true.
  There was a further development.
  I have had it changed again.
  But yeah, there probably was there.
  Are you going to spring some?  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, my God.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, OK.
  Is it in one of the parks?  I guess we wait on that.
  Yeah.
  Oh, boy.
  It's in the second thing.
  Oh, my God.
  I feel like there's a happy end.
  It's one of these parks.
  Well, I will give a lot of credit to for rolling with the punches for a while for months now.
  They have been managing, I think very well.
  Absolutely.
  And yeah, and there will be a happy ending to this episode entirely.
  This I will promise.
  Put a pause button on that.
  You'll hear it later.
  But for now, I mean, look, a lot of fun was had.
  We went and covered a lot of ground between the three of us.
  I did all three of the things on this roster, and I wasn't sure that I was going to do all of them.
  But last night, I completed the trilogy  and that the completion of the trilogy being the Disneyland holiday experience.
  I went to downtown Disney and to what remains of Buena Vista Street.
  If you aren't in California, I haven't been following it closely.
  Here's the deal.
  Downtown Disney has been open for a little while.
  I hadn't been.
 I don't think any of us have been.
  Last night.
  Well, yeah, I mean, I went and did it.
  But a couple of weeks ago, they finally and I was very excited that they finally opened up a little bit of California adventure.
  Finally, you were able to go on to theme park property proper.
  And that lasted for two weeks.
  How long did it go before California got way, way, way more strict?  Because it's been been insane here.
  And if you forget, you know, like all the stuff's good.
  You know, the you know, it is ICU shortage and all that stuff that we're dealing with again.
  So I guess it had to be done, but they didn't close it entirely.
  Yeah, if you don't know, it was opened briefly and there were there were restaurants open.
  There were a couple of restaurants you could go to.
  We've all been clamoring to go to Smokejumper's Grill.
  Give me those hamburgers again.
  Chicken sandwich, I guess.
  Iceberg lettuce at the counter.
  Right.
 Where you put you take pieces of iceberg lettuce and manually put them on.
  Is that right, Jason?  Toppings bar.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  They did have.
  I don't know that they came back with a full toppings bar.
  Seems like not the best plan.
  Fuddruckers closed out here.
  So now I guess I am craving a toppings bar.
  So I know it's the little thing.
  Yeah.
 Anyway, smokejumper's we all want that toppings.
  I, of course, you know, I was excited because they were going to reopen my beloved Carthay Circle lounge,  albeit in an outdoor setting.
  And it was certainly my hope that after this crazy year that I could close the episode and say, and then,  but after all that, I got to enjoy a Carthay Manhattan and it was like none of it happened.
  And I had the reservation and then everything shut down three days before.
  Yeah.
 All set to do it.
  2020.
 Yeah, yeah, that's that's it in a nutshell.
  It was the writing was on the wall.
  It was like because in California, it's been all these like, OK, if we tip into the purple zone,  then you'll know.
 And then like by the time that sentence is finishing being said by the governor or whatever,  we are in the purple zone.
 Right.
  We've had to add we added colors before the press conference was over.
  So it all went away.
  The thing did not shut down, though.
  It is basically just open as like a minimal shopping mall,  which is what it felt like.
  Basically, it kind of was like the Grove or the Americana,  albeit with less to do.
  It was all very strange, I would say.
  And just to say, obviously, messed up hand washing, sanitizing, all this.
  You know, it was very safe.
  I felt safe.
 If you guys wanted to do it, I would say it makes sense to do it.
  Especially, you know, with eliminating, you know, I didn't see anything alarming going on.
  Not too many people sort of a ghost town, probably due to the fact  there is like nothing to do there.
  I mean, it's basically taking a walk instead of taking a walk in my neighborhood.
  I took a walk there.
  A very surreal experience for more reasons than one.
  I'm driving into Disneyland, just having not done that drive since March.
  I'm driving in just like I'm a different person than the last time I was here.
  Like, besides enduring all of this stuff,  the last time I was driving onto this property,  I was changing out of an orange orange spacesuit  because of a pop up show we did in a closing electronics store.
  And and now I'm coming in as a father  who doesn't go anywhere or do anything.
  I'm driving into a theme park that is darkened.
  I don't know if you guys know this.
  I was curious what it was going to be when I drove in.
  The the black spires are extra black.
  They're not lit up.
  Mickey's fun wheel is not fun.
  It is dark.
 There is nothing lit anywhere.
  It's just it's like this odd, you know, many levels deep of flag half mast.
  Just very strange to drive up.
  That seems scary.
  I think we're about to talk about well, in a little bit, we'll talk about it.
  I had a similar vibe going on for part of it, and I got a chill,  a chill ran up my spine.
  Anytime you see a large area like that with large structures  and it's just completely black darkness,  I find that's very eerie because I think you immediately kind of go to  this is the apocalypse.
  This is what the apocalypse looks like.
  I mean, so much I've had I've had a number of things this year where I  despite being at the thing and constantly thinking, boy,  this is apocalyptic.
  I'm still like close enough.
  Sort of close to fun.
  That's kind of what all this was.
  I think everything we're going to talk about.
  So very surreal.
  You go in and if you don't know what they did, it's basically like  you can walk into California Adventure through the Buena Vista Street area  and their shops and they minimize the people who can go into the shops.
  You can go look at the Carthay Circle building and marquee.
  You can walk not very close up to Smokejumper's Grill  and the ride Soren that I miss very much.
  And you can walk much deeper into the Hollywood  back lot area of California Adventure, which is, of course,  the ugliest area of California Adventure.
  Can you see Guardians Tower or no?  Probably not, right?  They do light it.
  They light it.
  And it's so exciting.
  It's so nice to see.
  Yes, that that did my heart well.
  See, I mean, see, just looking at Carthay Circle was was really nice.
  I know the bar is so low, but seriously, see, just seeing all these things  still was heartwarming.
  Yes, let's talk real quick.
  Bad boy stuff.
  How far could you get before security tackled you into California Adventure?  Could you make it to the front of Tannaleer Tavon's house?  Let's see.
  I think if you had advanced knowledge of backstage areas  and you could duck and weave, I think if you dressed in dark clothing  and especially dark clothing that might blend into your surroundings,  like if you pick a pattern that is kind of the level of tan  of a California Adventure wall, you might be able because it's not the most staffed.
  I mean, I'm sure you get sniped.
  You still probably get sniped.
  I think you maybe you could get like 10 feet closer than you imagined,  and then you would be shot in the legs.
  You think they're they have a shoot on site, Edict,  perhaps in these times.
  I'm not so around with it.
  Yeah, things are scary.
  I think I always this is always I'm always, you know, because we're good boys,  but I always have like bad boy instincts sometimes.
  So that does interest me to go like, well, what are they really doing?  Could I make it inside and do one ride on Guardians before security got me?  I don't know how to operate.
  I just started or I was going to say, like,  climb up the elevator shaft yourself like a gym rope.
  Oh, do a manual do a manual drop.
  I'll have I want you back on my phone in headphones.
  And I just slide up and down the cord that holds the elevator  or that little box.
  Yeah, you're up.
  I die into the bay.
  Hide that launch yourself like like a Jason Borner and Ethan Hunt  type escaping a building into a body of water, the world of color.
  Bay, don't if you're listening, don't try this, but have fun  fantasizing about breaking Disney rules and jumping into a ride.
  Yeah, just go go up to it.
  Look at it, stroke your chin like what if and then walk away.
  Yeah.
 So yeah, you can't get that close to you.
  You can.
 There's a new marquee of PhilharMagic.
  That it's like a like neon sign.
  That's nice.
 But then like great.
  So much of what is open are just like those areas that are like scaffolding  in the backs of buildings and pipes.
  A lot of it is.
 But if you want, if you miss all of the Hollywood pipes,  you could go, you can go see them and it just costs ten dollars to park.
  It does.
 I do.
 I was.
 That was my question.
  Still does.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  If you do, when they first Hollywood pipes is a different  rock and roll band, though, to the Johnny Depp is in.
  Oh, yes.
  Those are for the people who belted out.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That all night singer.
 He's right.
  Well, when they first announced this was happening in the first couple days of it,  it seemed like chaos because there was like multi hour lines,  every step of that lines to get into the Esplanade from either side,  lines to get into downtown Disney, lines to get into Buena Vista Street,  lines to get into the shops and the Carthay list.
  And then eventually they started doing reservations for Carthay.
  But I read like a piece, I think it was from a San Francisco  Chronicle reporter who seemed like a regular, who seemed like they had covered  the parks before and and knew the lingo, like knew the stuff to expect.
  And they they stayed for a few hours and like just tapped out.
  They're like, I can't I can't do this.
  And so that was that was my point of like, OK, I'm not rushing down.
  But maybe if I let it go for a couple of weeks, maybe go on a weekday,  go real early, really.
  Scott, you opted for real late, of course, now very heavily scaled back  from the original.
 Yeah, and taste extremely.
  It truly is.
  Do you want to go take a walk near some stuff that made you happy before?  And for me, I don't know.
  I am like seeing the gates and like at least looking at the train station  or whatever, seeing the shuttered uva bar.
  Like there's all of the bottles.
  Think about that.
  There's like a little door shutting them off.
  Scott's nightmare.
  I will be having nightmares about all this for weeks.
  There should be you should have had a video of you just on your knees  outside the uva bar, screaming in pain that it was closed.
  I mean, I don't I've never seen it closed.
  I don't maybe early, maybe very early.
  It's always open.
  It's always got people there.
  It's such a hive of activity.
  Yeah, that's a jamboree.
  A constant jamboree at the uva bar.
  Yeah, it was upsetting.
  Yeah, no, I'm going to go camp out there with a recall Newsome sign.
  That was the last straw for me.
  Everything else has been fine, but everything not my own.
  Because it's outdoors side uva bar.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But you also you got all your Christmas shopping done at Sugar Boo and Co.
  Hey, how about that?  You got your signs.
  You got your sign.
  It's just as imagine.
  Did you get your Tom Petty sign that says I'm free, free fallen?  And it's a big piece of wood and it was one hundred and fifty dollars.
  Yeah, definitely.
  And and all of the rest of the lyrics of the song are all like embedded  in his hair, if you look close, it's all the different strands.
 Right.
  It's a really moving piece.
  I did do a little Christmas shopping at a thing called the Backlot Premier Shop.
  They they converted a soundstage.
  They've used it for like, you know, here's a seasonal frozen experience.
  And, you know, just various odds and ends have happened.
  It is just like a big empty soundstage in the Hollywood area.
  And this is, I want to say, the most depressing thing  I've ever seen on Disney property.
  This was like Disney doing a spirit Halloween store  for like truly in every way, because you know, that's not what's supposed to be in there.
  There's walls like spirit telling you,  like they're trying to trick you and thinking there's not more building.
  But you can see that there is  and just kind of like words projected monitors and, you know,  very Meghan Trainery music blasting to convince you that it's fun.
  I still bought a couple ornaments.
  And yet, with all that weirdness,  it was pretty cool because this building is where they hosted the attraction.
  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Play it.
  And if you haven't seen this on Twitter, as you're exiting,  you exit past the big orange words, play it.
  Really strange.
  And again, just where my bar is, we're like, yeah, wow, I saw the play it sign.
  I think I can't think I told Erin all this.
  How was it? I saw the play it sign.
  And she blinked so loud that it made a little dink.
  Made a cartoon dink like a litty to.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  I mean, I am I am a little jealous that you got to see the play it sign  because it's still there.
 It's a remnant of the past.
  I think what's exciting to me about it is if like super  if there was a superstar limo sign hidden somewhere,  I would make a point to go see it once in a while.
  Yeah.
 Oh, absolutely.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Knowing there was this this odd secret.
  Right.
 Insiders only.
  And it was cool.
  Also, going into this building is like you enter  not through the park, but through the outside of the park.
  And you walk through like an employee parking lot.
  You have to wind through parking spaces that say gold sticker only.
  And then you you go past a chain link fence  that has a step and repeat plastered onto it.
  And you're looking up and there's like a not lit sign  for the Leslie Jones supermarket sweep and some like Ryan Reynolds thing.
  I just and then the chain link fence is covering up  like a giant vent, like some air conditioning unit.
  I like I can't believe I'm not Disney.
  This was and as we talk about some of these other things,  I'm curious your guys feelings.
  But I think of the three things we're going to talk about,  I think Disney loses.
  I think by holding out and not preparing for this  and thinking we should do some kind of semi open situation,  I think they ended up with the most bummer event of the three.
  Well, it's yeah.
  Yeah, I think I think the.
  Giant bureaucracy that is the Walt Disney Company,  I mean, slightly less giant with their kind of gruesome layoffs.
  But I think there's still a lot of levels of approval to go through  that some of these other parks do not have to go through.
  And that really hampered their like I think they were all in on like,  we're going to open in July.
  Like, yeah, I remember it still like horrified by that prospect.
  But that was Jason Sheridan's prediction when Disneyland would open was July 4th.
  That was my first.
  Yeah, first projection.
  And then they they stuck on that for a while.
  Like, you know, people would feel have been looking in like the gates  of Disneyland and Universal for some time and going like,  oh, I see the distance markers, I see the hand sanitizers.
  So, I mean, at a certain point, you just have to, you know,  you bought those things and you want to put them in anyway.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, they even the unrelated only kind of related.
  They were supposed to open the villas at the Grand Californian  because of, I don't know, timeshare law or regulations.
  So there was a chance that downtown Disney would be open.
  Buena Vista Street would be open and a chunk of the hotel  would be open for DVC members of timeshare law.
  Well, there's a certain thing because those are people technically owned.
  All right.
 Right.
 Those  residents, those are shared partnerships.
  Timeshare law, though, I just is it like a martial law?  Is it like maritime law?  Anything goes in a timeshare?  Do anything you want in a timeshare?  Knowing how a little out timeshares where it's probably closer to  it's always sunny in Philadelphia's Bird Law.
  The episode where Charlie convinces himself, he's a expert in Bird Law concerns.
  So, yeah, but they scrapped that, too,  because I think the writing was on the wall that recreational hotel,  hotels still many of them still open for emergency purposes.
  But for for like casual jaunts, not really an option.
  There are just some windows lit up in the Disneyland Hotel, which was so unnerving,  like imagining being up there, how creepy it would be.
  Like if you were the only person staying in the Disneyland Hotel.
  I am.
 It's sounding much actually more depressing than I thought it would sound,  especially with the park being dark and everything.
  But now it actually makes me a little bit more intrigued to go down there  because I missed out on haunts this year and there's nothing scarier  than like a rundown, desolate Disneyland.
  That's the biggest nightmare of all.
  The happiest place on Earth is gone.
  It's shuttered.
 And I guess you would get a piece of that.
  I would get that true fear.
  Sitting on a bench on the side of the long closed rainforest cafe,  which is pretty dimly lit over there.
  And there was nobody again.
  You're going to go and like not bump into people.
  It is really especially at night.
  You know, yeah, if you're looking for a thing where you'll be you'll be plenty distant.
  So just like sitting and staring at the non branded,  non-functional rainforest cafe.
  Yeah, that was my haunt for the year.
  I'll put on like a Phantom of the Opera mask that also covers my nose and mouth  and a cloak, and I'll go in the dead of night  and I'll try to pick up a sandwich from Earl of Sandwich.
  Is that open?  Yeah, yeah, it is.
  OK, good.
  I'll pick it up.
  I'll mobile order it and then I'll pull my cape over my face  and just like the night I'll be gone.
  Yes.
 I get to dress up like it's Halloween  and I'll get to see all the spookiness.
  You could you could get  Ralph Brennan gumbo to go and eat in the car.
  You could drive home with gumbo.
  And this is something you can do.
  OK, that's from the express, the Ralph Brennan's Jazz Kitchen Express,  which is right.
  Or is it the restaurant proper?  Is anything of that?  No, that's the express that to go in is open.
  I think you can only get beignets and gumbo almost nothing else.
  There was a po.
 Nothing wrong with that.
  We had a wonderful time at Ralph Brennan's actual restaurant.
  And I have tried the express a couple of times and the beignets are good.
  But like I had a po boy and it was just it was dog shit.
  It was horrible.
  It was like too much bread and the bread was bad and the fried  the breaded shrimp was bad.
  You know, recalling the downtown Disney ordeal as I walked through  largely empty downtown Disney, it was like this is kind of the world  that we imagined that we forced onto ourselves during the downtown  Disney ordeal, where this fun experience is close,  but you can't go on them or participate in them.
  And in this case, they are they are literally off limits and they are darkened.
  It's like they've been taken off a map.
  It's a video game level that hasn't been unlocked.
  It's the I mean, you went it.
 You were in the underworld.
  You were in the other world.
  My God, even the upper world became the underworld.
  It's all the underworld now.
  But none of us have visited the city walk underworld.
  Right.
 No one's been up to city walk since that one takeaway only.
  Well, I don't think there actually is technically stuff.
  Yeah, I don't think there's technically is an underworld  because we didn't put that in the myth, the mythology.
  There is.
 Yeah, right.
  There is no city walk underworld as far as we know.
  We know we could always.
  You never know what the keeper is going to spring.
  You never know.
 Right.
  So, gosh, very strange.
  We can we can wind it down.
  I just know the whole thing felt like I don't mean to convey like truly  like getting to see these things that I liked again.
  What was very nice and I kept it quick and I kept it safe.
  But the whole thing, you know, it I I was thinking of it as like  it's like seeing a relative in the hospital  and it's you're you're pretty sure they're going to pull through.
  You know, you're a fighter.
  You're going to be OK.
  I feel good.
  I'm just glad to know that you're you're still alive and kicking.
  That is the feeling right now of going to Disneyland.
  Well, wow, I think as soon as everybody just put their podcast on pause  and hopped in the car, you got to get there.
  You got to do it.
  On a more uplifting note on the way home, as I showed you guys, I  for the first time ran through the Portillo's drive  through in the greatest city on Earth, the Buena Park, Buena Park, California.
  And what was your I didn't do a cake shake because I didn't think I could handle it.
  I've never actually done it.
  Oh, oh, really? Really?  No, I thought I was missing out on a big thing.
  I might have been.
 I got a vanilla shake and they were pretty insistent on  like, you got to put some peppermint in there.
  And it is the holidays.
  And I did.
 So that was like they just crumbled up a candy cane.
  And you're just getting pieces of candy cane as you're eating your milkshake.
  It's a it's a real tooth rotter.
  That's for sure.
 I liked it a lot, but I had to bail for the sake of my teeth.
  But a nice, nice drive back.
  My only complaint with Portillo's is because, I mean, I think you were dying  that you could go into dying, but they really should put some of the great photos  that are inside of Portillo's outside for this period.
  Like the Jim Belushi with  Dick Portillo, the founder of Portillo's, should be outside  and it should be blown up.
  Dick Portillo with Carmen Electra should be outside.
  The other photo of Dick Portillo and Jim Belushi that's inside should be outside.
  Multiple pictures of the founders of founder of Portillo's with Jim Belushi.
  And they're in every Portillo's.
  He's had copies of these photos made.
  And they are in all every Portillo's, at least I've been in.
  They are there.
  Believe it.
 I did it.
  I've lived quite a life.
  I've met Jim Belushi twice and I can have hot dogs whenever I want.
  Dick Portillo.
  So, yeah, that's that's the Disney experience.
  Let's let's keep heading for the elsewhere into Orange County.
  Is that correct?  Hmm.
 Yes.
 Still in Buena Park.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Well, just stop skipping a jump away.
  Yeah.
 Jason and I both did.
  Knott's Taste of Mary Farm.
  They're, you know, by framing it as a food tasting event,  which it is, and it is a good one of those.
  They've they've let the park be open for eating and drinking.
  Yes.
 Now, so this was the one I was alluding to.
  There has been developments like hours before we started recording.
  So the Taste of Mary Farm  was the second or third tasting event that Knott's had done.
  Basically, they open up the whole park and there's different food stations.
  You don't really pay for entry, you pay for a tasting card.
  And it was forty dollars.
  And you got five items to choose from.
  And like Scott said, we had a great time.
  You know, I felt very safe.
  This was kind of my first experience about eating outside.
  And I had a feeling that turned out correct, which is like, oh,  the whole park's going to be open.
  And it's pretty large.
  You forget how big Knott's is because you don't think it's a huge footprint,  but it is large.
  So very easy to get a table away from people and then like take your mask off,  eat, put it back on and then head to the next thing.
  So Taste of Mary Farm was tabled with the current  stay at home rules, and they were going to start selling tickets  again a few weeks out December twenty seventh to January third.
  But just a couple of hours ago  when we record this, they just pulled the plug and canceled it.
  That said, they are doing a number of dates for what they're calling  the Christmas Crafts Village, which is a lot of the outdoor vendors,  woodworkers and jewelry makers.
  And basically you can go into the park and get some Christmas gifts  and support some local artists and stuff.
  And yeah, Knott's I think has been one of the more resilient SoCal parks.
  They since like, I mean, I went down and got that chicken back in the summer.
  The marketplace is doing takeout still and the shop is open.
  So there's still some stuff to do at Knott's and the surgery was great.
  Jane and I had a great time.
  We we loved it.
  Yeah, I had a great time.
  The I mean, also notable for me, this was this was Aaron and I's first  date since having a baby.
  This is the first time.
 So why? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And what? Yeah.
  By that point, like seven months in or something in another world.
  Certainly would have happened multiple times by that.
  But it just doesn't yet.
  Doesn't make sense.
 Like even if you got out, like where would you go?  So this was thank God for theme parks, because, you know,  Aaron also joined me on the last thing we're going to talk about.
  I yeah, they've like some of the only things that we've done.
  And this one was the most satisfying food.
  Great.
 We had stuff we really enjoyed.
  I guess it's weird now to be, you know, like hyping an event  that you, the listener, go to.
 Sorry.
  So but I had a nice time.
  It's a little photo album now.
  If there is this craft village thing happening, let me shout out Calico Carver.
  I've had my eye on on a wooden sign for a long time,  the wood signs that they make at knots.
  And we got one.
  It says the Gardner's and I have never felt more like we're a family  than putting that sign up.
  I said I would post it on Instagram and I haven't done that.
  I said that to the gentleman, but I'll do one better and say  I'll say it on a podcast.
  Yeah, check out Calico Carver.
  If you go to that thing, buy a sign there.
  They're fantastic.
 It's great quality.
  And yeah, you know, it's got a bear and I it's so cozy.
  Now I feel like we like live in a Lake Arrowhead cabin.
  It's great.
 Or in a country bear theater.
  Yes.
 There you go.
  Absolutely.
 It is a little slice of like that that shiny theme park wood.
  It's really nice that we like our I want to say fake wood.
  It's not fake wood.
 It's definitely real wood.
  I use fake as a compliment.
  It feels like fake wood in the best way.
  Like you're in a cartoon.
  Is there a real wood final four that we could do?  Is there enough real wood? There has to be real.
  Yeah.
 There's plenty of wood.
  Many, many structures and theme parks are made from wood.
  Yes, we like wood of wood.
  We love wood.
 Big wood fans.
  So maybe maybe we'll talk about this.
  I was by a wooden structure at knots.
  I'll set this up a little because it it touches on something we were talking  about recently, which was the carnival episode.
  We played a game when we were down there because they had some of the games running too.
  And in carny lingo, this game is called a hanky pank,  which means you always everyone who plays wins a prize.
  And it was very funny because they were very upfront.
  It's this was classic carnival game.
  It's a bunch of rubber duckies going around in a row.
  And you kind of have to pick to that match.
  But they're like, OK, just play until you win.
  And it costs five dollars if you want one of those.
  Ten if you want one of those or 15 if you want one of those.
  So basically, it's like, what stuffed animal do you want to buy  and have a little fun to get?  So we played immediately, got a pairing and got this lovely  snow is a little minimalist snoopy sort of like in style a little bit.
  That's great.
  Yeah.
 And I immediately like was holding him and I was like, I love him.
  I I remembered as a kid, I had a giant stuff snoopy  and I forget which relative gave it to us.
  But my parents for years were like, please, it's mildewing.
  It's falling apart.
 Let's get rid of it.
  And eventually I acquiesced.
  And they made you take it out back and  dismember it to put it in the.
  Yeah, dismember it into the trash.
  You have to take it apart, Jason.
  This is a learning experience.
  Oh, yeah.
 Your old yellow moment.
  Shoot it with my old yellow.
  Oh, it's got I'm sorry.
  I do.
 I do have to tell you this very cute minimalist snoopy.
  The tag, the official name of this line is.
  I'm so sorry.
  It's called Squish Mall Squish Mallows.
  So soft cuddle and squeeze me.
  And I feel like I knew, you know, I had to read.
  I just had to.
  I know that's that probably since chills up your spine.
  Could that be worse than Toofy Spooders?  For it is a name for me.
  Spood me.
 He's he's just so cute.
  And hey, look, you're talking about wood.
  Let's say not.
  You know, they of all the parks, they remember the reason for the season  because I got my picture with this giant.
  But wow.
 Yeah.
  Big Nativity and big.
  Yeah.
  How I can see.
  Well, let me squint.
  I can see the ghost of Walter Nott.
  And he's that's right to the side of the Nativity.
  And he's just smiling and nodding.
  Wow.
 And he's got a mega hat on.
  Yes.
 And he's saying stop the deal.
  Stop the steal.
  And, you know, with the crew, with the marketplace open and the craft fair,  it turns out he was right.
  Free enterprise survived.
  So and of course, that Nativity scene set up under a massive roller  coaster.
 Yeah.
 The flip side, what you're looking at in the photo is, yeah,  bright orange roller coaster.
  It's so insane that that's there.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 We kind of forgot.
  And there's a bunch of missions around.
  What a weird part.
 Oh, the missions are very cute.
  They should add they should add that to the log ride during Christmas time.
  Like instead of that alien and band with the bear  on the Timber Mountain log ride, they should just put a Nativity at the end.
  Doing a yeah, there's Christmas overlays, but nowhere is done a Nativity.
  Right.
 Overlay.
  It came up earlier in this episode.
  But if you if you could time out the music to where when you did the drop,  you heard the part of Oh, Holy Night.
  Fall on your knees.
  And here.
  Let's see.
 What else?  What if the bear? Wait, hold on.
  And then as you go by the bear, he goes, Oh, Holy Night.
  Not not Happy Halloween.
  Christ the Savior is born.
  The actors, there was a lot of actors.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, the actors were really good and there were some characters.
  Santa Snoopy was a real highlight.
  Yeah.
  Distant photo.
 Yes.
  Well in front of.
 Oh, that's great.
  Yeah.
  Up on the second floor of a saloon or something was an Ebenezer Scrooge.
  Who was one of the funniest people I have seen in a theme park.
  I he was so funny, just like pointing and making fun of people below.
  People below are trying to get the upper hand on him.
  Like somebody is making fun of him and says, Hello, Governor.
  And then he looks down and says, So I'm the governor now.
  Wonderful.
 More power for me.
  And then like the what was the thing?  He pointed at a baby and said, Why isn't he working?  They should be working in one of my minds.
  Getting it should be getting gold for me.
  Was he playing Walter not?  We also didn't know they were doing a Christmas Carol overlay.
  And only the first thing we saw was just this old man  screaming at everyone from the rafters.
  And I was like, Oh, this ghost town actors, they have a lot of fun.
  And then apparently there was even more stuff like around.
  I think Eva Anderson went to this at some point, too.
  And she said that he said something about like merry recession, everyone.
  Jesus.
 Whoa.
 Wow.
  Dark topical comedy.
  Don't see that in a theme park.
  Yeah, they can be.
 I mean, they can they can get religious.
  They can get body at knots.
  That's the fun of knots.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Less standards.
 Things get wild.
  Wild.
 As body as you want to be.
  Also, we we learned at Camp Snoopy, they have  child size benches.
  This is an amazing photo.
 Wow.
 Whoa.
  Yeah, because Jane ran to get something and just gesture  was like, take a seat on that bench.
  I didn't realize what it was.
  I went, OK, man.
  And so I did.
 And it's.
  OK.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
  I was wrong.
 She was owning my ass.
  She said it's a Jason size.
 Oh, OK.
  Thank you, Jane, for clarifying.
  You want to credit for that slam?  Yeah, there's a bunch of empty space there, and I wish that  that Mike and I were there to join you to sit down with you.
  And once we sat, you get launched.
  The weight launches you across camp Snoopy  onto one of the rides, hopefully face down in a  like a balloon bucket like, yeah, Woodstock's  boost of a balloon or into the into a Snoopy show, maybe.
  Oh, and he just has to just has to like to go with it.
 Right.
  Yeah, there wasn't really a show, but line  like rotating characters were on stage waving and.
  Yeah, there was a lot of very cute  Woodstock's just extra Woodstock's just everywhere  in scarves and ear muffs and was high.
  Was Spike anywhere to be found?  I didn't see a spike.
  Mike, he was still avoiding Snoopy's drifter relative.
  Yeah.
 And if anyone listen to our peanuts episode, Jason  and I tried multiple times when we were at Nats to get a picture with Spike.
  And we he kept like avoiding us.
  It was really we felt that did feel personal, honestly.
  I did find this grant a great  spike doesn't.
 Yeah.
  I never noticed this rock work with Charlie Brown  Snoopy sleeping on his lap, which you rarely see.
  And then a brass Woodstock like I.
  Yeah, I just thought that was really great.
  And then we I believe Scott, you and Aaron got this to this  this fun little bundt cake with like an ice cream cone Christmas tree  on top.
 Very, very fun.
  Really fun.
 Took it all the way home to go, despite being very precarious  and hard to hold.
  Then got home, took a bite into the icing, which was not edible,  at least not by that point.
  The ornaments were not.
  The lower half was good.
  The low the cake, the cake and the icing was good.
  But the yes, the cone was not not great.
  Yeah, I figured out a way to rig it up.
  I asked for a large soda cup and I covered it on the plate.
  And I had a no, jeez.
  Yeah, we're dangling this thing all the way back.
  The the if they hopefully they restart these events for like  Peanuts Festival and like boys or Peanut Celebration.
  Boys and very fast, we'll kind of do tasting events like this  because the portions were huge.
  Like we ate like two things and we're like, what do we do with the rest of these?  Taste it like we are like just doing laps to walk off the food  before we can eat any others.
  Yeah, massive ice cream sandwiches.
  I it was great.
 The food was great.
  Awesome beer.
  And again, as I said, like, well, you know, you add the new parent thing to it.
  Like, oh, my God, we are out, baby safe with grandma.
  And we are getting to enjoy a beer with a view of fake rocks.
  And they did turn the log flume on.
  We're watching water come out of it.
  So nice to see.
  It was the sweetest beer we've ever had, and not just because it was full of berry flavoring.
  We shared a drink that was like sparkling wine  with a scoop of boys and very ice cream in it.
  And it was it was the sweetest thing I've ever had, but it was pretty good.
  Scott, I really think you need to if you want to compete with Jason and I,  I think you need to start getting your tolerance a little higher for sugar.
  OK, we was revealed last was the last.
  Yeah.
 You haven't had nearly the amount of sugar cereals we've had.
  And I just think maybe it's like you weren't like you weren't trained on it  as much as a youth.
  And I think maybe you should start every morning now taking  like a big spoonful of sugar and just getting your taste buds numb like ours are.
  You know, well, I'm never going to give up wine, which has natural sugar, too.
  But maybe what I need to do is just like dump half a box of sugar into the one,  mix it up and then I will match the drinking taste of the rest of the show.
  That's yeah, I think that's good because then you'll be able to really experience  all the treats.
  And then, yeah, you should probably just start  probably just have a little cup of Lucky Charms for every meal.
  Just a side like a little appetizer of Lucky Charms or fruity pebbles.
  Well, I'll just either neither you if you had the right, you said.
  Or I'm just not sure I've had Lucky Charms, but not never.
  None of it on the regular, really.
  I mean, just I think the big thing impeding me in the recent past has been that I am  not a child and haven't been for a number of years.
  So that's in my way.
 But but this podcast you do would suggest otherwise.
  Huh? That's interesting.
  That's yeah, that's fair.
  I well, look, I'm probably going to have more of that stuff in the house with the baby.
  And maybe what I do is start weaving it.
  Like I still make myself like a nice salmon or something, but I bread it in Lucky Charms  all off Planet Hollywood.
  And so you don't get to go to those anymore.
  I'll bring Planet Hollywood to me.
  So, yeah, this thing was great.
  And and I think and as clearly the victor over  Disneyland.
  And I think like, first of all, my thought to Disneyland is open up that whole park,  get it all open, even if it is just like little stores and kiosks.
  I felt so much safer.
  Not that I of course, I felt safe at Winavista Street, but I there was something about like,  oh, my God, the whole park is open at knots with plenty of room for everybody.
  And they've capped the capacity.
  And I think for these remaining months, however many more there are, I hope it's not a ton,  but there certainly will be some before these places are open again.
  I think we'll find ourselves in these weird in between.
  It's kind of open.
  And I think Disney has to take a page from the Knotts book and they have they've done  it before.
 Big Thunder Mountain is basically a dressed up knots ride.
  You can steal ideas from knots.
  Start doing it again because knots pulled it off.
  They did it better.
  Well, yes, I think Disney, yeah, the Disney likes they were just like,  we want it all or nothing.
  And then they sort of acquiesced at the end of the year and it was too late.
  We'll see.
 We'll see what happens.
  Will Bob Iger join Joe Biden's cabinet?  Like I read today.
  As an ambassador, that's not a joke, by the way, that's really well, yeah, possible.
  That's possible.
 So I don't know.
  I don't know if it's a Chaypeck thing.
  It's Iger.
 We'll see.
  Maybe that will happen for a couple of months.
  It would be it would be nice to go.
  They have those little box, those little vendor boxes.
  For the food and wine.
  A California venture.
 They should do food and wine.
  I think that'd be that'd be huge.
  They yeah, they got those pieces already.
  And my other thought, and forgive me because this isn't so comedic,  but I am curious if you guys agree.
  OK, this this weird time that we're going to that hopefully will be limited.
  But before the theme parks are open, I do think that some limited like  I love that they started trying to do this stuff.
  And I'm at not just realizing like  I was doing a big outdoor food thing makes so much sense.
  And it felt like I have seen things I've passed by things on the street  and seen with my own eyes stuff that shouldn't be happening.
  It is way more dangerous than what's happening at not.
  So the whole like we're just not going to do theme parks at all.
  Basically, like not thinking of theme parks as one thing.
  An amusement park is one type of thing, and that is all that it is.
  Doesn't make any sense to me because a theme park is indoor space and outdoor  space, it's restaurants and it's outdoor rides and it's indoor rides  that where you should, you know, limit capacity or not do them at all for a while.
  But isn't there something to the governor  looking at theme parks with a more nuanced eye and saying like, OK,  so you can't run this, this and this and this.
  But you can do some of this and start getting people back to work.
  Because I like that not thing.
  I just like there was so much of it that felt perfectly safe to me  and will especially feel absolutely safe come May  when people are starting to have the vaccine more and more.
  Yeah, I Todd Martin's are very like thoughtful and, you know,  like you're saying nuanced piece about going down.
  And he made it in, I think, to Carthay, either on Thanksgiving  or Black Friday.
  And, you know, I think similar similar feelings of like,  it's nice to be near this stuff.
  It is a little melancholy.
  But to your point, I believe he he, you know,  referred to, you can think about these places as like outdoor sculpture gardens  or large, you know, cultural like pop culture centers, you know.
 Yeah.
  Experiences and and yeah,  I think I think that where the problem comes in is, I think, not is,  you know, kind of a neighborhood park.
  It is a smaller park.
  And I think once you there's stuff that has its fandoms  like a Disney or or if Universal was like, we're opening  just the Harry Potter restaurant like that would get slammed.
  So like then you have to build the infrastructure for reservations  or drawings of who gets in.
  And I think that's where the complications arise.
 Yeah.
  Well, it's just I mean, look, if you're asking for my  Fauci like wisdom on this and the man who reads his Reddit,  it's like, first of all, the whole thing is confusing.
  This is going to get very boring, very fast.
  The whole thing is confusing because everyone's fighting a different battle  on different like playing fields, essentially, like  probably everything should just be closed,  except for grocery stores and hospitals.
  Oh, of course, that's what it should have been at the very beginning.
  Absolutely for a limited amount of time.
  And this shit would be over.
 Right.
  And it should have been.
  And then at that point, masks until vaccine blah, blah, blah,  and spread, blah, blah, blah, mind everything.
  So then that's out the window.
  The government has I mean, California is doing an OK job with unemployment.
  OK job.
 But the government has abandoned workers essentially now,  which is fucking crazy.
  Now we're getting serious here.
  And I understand why people like I need to go back to work.
  Like you're stranding me without money.
  So I'm sympathetic to that.
  But it's hard because it's like if it's just purely like  if Disney opens, even with like only outdoor rides,  which I do think would probably be mostly safe if it's just Big Thunder,  if it's just, I don't know, whatever other open air ride,  goofy sky school, for instance.
 Yeah.
  It's like that all would be safe.
  But then now you have thousands of people coming in from other states.
  They have to stay somewhere.
  Maybe they are getting together in a restaurant like you are moving people around.
  So it's like I do get the idea that like Disney is its own thing.
  It's not nuts.
  People aren't traveling as much from out of state, especially to nuts,  just to eat a fun Christmas tree.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 Which is fun.
  But yeah, so I get that idea.
  But then I'm also like everything is screwed and I don't know what to do.
  I'm not.
 Yeah, right.
  I'm not saying do this tomorrow.
  God knows it's terrible.
  And I'm talking about like in September, are we still going to be?  And I don't know where things are bad in September.
  But like, is it still just going to be unilaterally?  There are no amusement park, anything of any kind.
  That's what I don't quite get.
  I feel like you have to start easing into the water a little bit.
  Well, it depends.
  I mean, I also think that there was an argument to be made.
  Like maybe around now or the last couple of months where it was like  all the vaccines failed, they're all bad.
  And you go, well, are we going to do this for six years?  Like, how long are we going to do this?  Well, that's just like all like we can sort of collectively figure something out.
  But it does seem like and I don't want to say jinx anything,  but it does seem like we have two vaccines that work.
  We have a decent amount of them.
  There's also a lot of people are going to get the disease, unfortunately.
  And it feels like you will have, you know,  the spread will be going down by the spring.
  And by September, I would imagine a nice amount of America  will have been vaccinated.
  And just by the natural, the natural nature of the cycle of these things,  I do probably think that.
  The transmission rate at that point will be so low that will probably be  in some version of open again, I think.
  This is my reading Reddit.
  This is my guess based on Reddit.
 Sure, sure.
  Yeah, which it is well informed.
  My none of mine is it.
  Don't quote me on it.
  If I'm way off the mark on anything I've said, I do not.
  Disclaimer, Scott Garner does not claim to be a scientist  or know anything about anything.
  This is a joke.
 This is a podcast for jokes.
  I don't think you are.
  But I mean, I think it's going to it's going to be a long time to rebuild.
  Because the failure at local, state and federal level of governance.
  I mean, someone on a podcast on like Chappell or something years ago said,  like, you know, you think the bare minimum function of a country  is to keep its citizens alive.
  And 2020 has shown we are not a functioning state.
  So, you know, and then on top of that, with all these mixed messages,  then you have 300 million people living in,  I don't know, 100 different million realities.
  Like so no one can agree on a shared reality anymore.
  Yeah.
 Besides the American tradition of disdain for the poor.
  Yeah.
 So I get I get where you're coming from, because just in a in a bubble,  to use a phrase people have been using in a bubble, that makes sense  that like you could walk around outside and even get on a ride or two on outside.
  And it's probably going to be OK.
  But I'm not necessarily saying it, by the way, because just because I want to do it.
  I mean, sure, but I don't want to do it till it's safe.
  It's just more like,  I don't know, just to like get the gears going again in the tiniest degree,  you know, and still in a very modest way.
  But just Mickey's fun wheel opens in January.
  Open air, you know, the cars are maybe one person per car.
  One per one person, not even one party.
  Yeah, not even party one person.
 OK.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  And so, yeah, and the Florida situation is different.
  That's Florida's lawless international waters.
  A whole state that's international waters.
  Yeah, I don't share a lot.
  Yeah, it's time.
 Share a lot in Florida.
  Don't share a lot.
 Yeah.
  Read large.
 We just statewide and also cut like there's some contact tracing,  but I still feel like we don't have some crazy, crazy.
  We should have had some crazy contract tracing apparatus  that would have really been able to track every single person  eating in our inner cider restaurant, going to Disney World,  tracking all of them for a couple of months and really determining like,  hey, no one's gotten sick.
 Right.
 Right.
  From doing that, like there would have been a there would have been like  information because we're all still sort of like grasping it like,  I think this is good.
  And I don't just anyway, I don't know.
  I really don't know.
 But that's those are my thoughts.
  Those are my loose thoughts.
 Sure.
  The transition time for sure is going to be in.
  Oh, my God, it's going to be like it's going to be like we haven't prepared  ourselves.
 25 million people have the vaccine and they'll be like, I'm fine.
  I'm going.
 And then things are fine.
  Yeah.
 You get bullied by other friends like let's go.
  And you're like, well, I only got one half of the Pfizer vaccine.
  They're like, that's enough.
  You're young and it's provide some safety, they say.
  It's going to be all it's going to be.
 Bedlam is what's going to happen.
  But yeah, I mean, I think for sure, whatever stimulus, God willing, passes.
  Needs to help the tourism industry.
  I mean, less the Walt Disney Company, you know, LLC or whatever.
  But and more like the employees of said company.
  Oh, yeah.
 The people on the ground.
  Well, and all the surrounding businesses and everything that do  benefit from these places.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's a reality in restaurants and Captain Kids been closed.
  Do we know we have to save Captain Kids?  I don't know where they're at, but I can't be anywhere good.
  So if Captain Kid is in peril, we got to rescue him.
  We got to be Captain Kids, little little Buccaneers  and get Captain Kid that PPP alone.
  That's what modern day pirates need is PPP loans.
  Yeah, that's their treasure.
  You are there be PPP loans up ahead.
  Oh, let's get into Mountain.
  Let's say, OK, yes.
  What? Yeah, I was just going to say we'll get into it on the harbor.
  Hold on.
  Uh, what?  So let's discuss this off air.
  OK, OK.
  OK, we drove our cars through a theme park.
  We drove our cars into Six Flags.
  I assume I assume Six Flags.
  They did like a holiday light special, but I assume Six Flags thought of the idea  because teenage boys are constantly driving cars into their theme park anyway.
  Their girlfriend works there, cheated on them.
  They drive into the theme park all angry.
  And this happens a couple of times a week  and screeches to a halt in front of a roller coaster.
  Look, Linda, you cheated on me.
  What are you doing?  With Brian? I'm not moving this car until you get back together with  until you're in it.
  I assume this happens constantly at Six Flags.
  So this is they're like, ah, yes, this is a good way to reopen.
  Yeah, well, I should say, first off, we're talking about Six Flags  holiday in the park drive through experience.
  This was not my first time riding a sedan  through the walkways of Six Flags,  because I went to a construction tour once and I must have been one of the later  people there because they were like, oh, yeah, we already took the golf carts.
  I was someone's, oh, I'll take them up.
  I'm going out there.
  And I just got it like a Nissan Sentra  with with one of the media people and Eli floored it  through the park up to like the construction site.
  So this was definitely the slower speed experience of driving through Six Flags.
  I love it.
 I want more experiences where you drive a vehicle through a Six Flags.
  It's the greatest thing.
 It's so funny.
  It felt so silly making our way.
  I mean, you know, the three of us all in the same car together,  we're laughing so hard, boy, we were just laughing so much that we were spitting  like spittle was coming out of our mouths onto each other.
  It made us.
 Oh, man, it was so funny.
  Yeah, I sent our 10 friends in the back.
  Yeah, I was different.
  I was old.
 You rented a school bus.
  Yeah, but we only sat in the front.
  We all jammed together in the front just for peak camaraderie.
  Of course.
 Oh, yeah.
  This whole thing.
  I'm sorry.
 Not true.
  Just to be clear, because things are serious.
  It's only thinking a bit is real in this case.
  Safety is involved.
  Yeah, we each individually drove our sedans with our school bus.
  We each drove a school bus through.
  Would they let a school bus through if you showed up in a school bus?  Are they or would there not be the clearance you need?  Depending on the Valencia team that worked there that on that day,  you might get an OK, a clear, all clear.
  And how stoned are they?  Yeah, they might send you right through.
  We went to Jason.
 I went on a press night.
  So they had the top people working.
  And we got greeted with a phrase I love to hear.
  OK, great.
 You're checked in.
  Here's your 3D glasses and your pound and a half of fudge.
  Yes, we got a pound and a half of fudge on our way into this man.
  And boy, we were excited about it.
  Wow.
 Just texting each other like once at a stop.
  Fudge.
 I thought Jason made a joke on the text chain  because he was there a little bit early, a couple of minutes earlier.
  And I thought he was joking.
  And then I went, oh, what?  We got a big, big, heavy, heavy.
  Really felt like it was two and a half pounds.
  It was very heavy.
  Different kinds of fudge, like four different kinds.
  Jason, do you remember the flavors?  Yeah, OK, it was chocolate.
  There was like a cookie dough one.
  There was candy cane and like a green peppermint.
  Oh, there might have been a rocky road and then a chocolate peanut butter.
  Wow.
 I don't even remember, but they were sweet as hell.
  They were good.
 They were good.
  Yeah.
 And you can buy them.
  You can buy like some treats coming or going from this.
  Is this open still?  Yes.
 So this is not only still open.
  It has been extended.
  I think it goes, oh, nightly through January 10th  and then weekends through January 31st.
  But due to the drive through nature, it is still open.
  And you can do this.
  And I'll say this.
  Twenty bucks a head.
  Like, this is a reasonable thing.
  You can do and then you can add on if you want  like hot chocolate or popcorn or like lanyards or fudge.
  Yeah, you can buy fudge is an add on.
  We, of course, are VIPs.
  We received complimentary fudge.
  So, yes.
  Well, after the regard that we have shown Six Flags time and time again,  we, of course, are given free things by them.
  It makes perfect sense.
  Sure.
 Hey, all press is good press.
  Six Flags says it says it under the sign when you go in.
  What what else about the sign when you go in, guys?  What else did you know about the sign?  OK, so so we're driving up to Valencia and Six Flags.
  Magic Mountain is in an odd spot.
  It's the middle of nowhere.
  Basically, there's like there's like a Wendy's close by  and maybe a couple other restaurants.
  Maybe is there like a Friday's or something?  There's a there's a red lobster.
  We sat and had like weird pink drinks and a and the cheddar biscuits one time.
  That's right.
 Had a great time.
  So it's it's when you're driving up,  it's in a weird spot.
  It's kind of desolate.
  And then during a pandemic, when most of the park isn't open,  a lot of the roller coasters are not illuminated,  which immediately, as I said earlier, struck a little fear,  like a little terror, like, oh, like you kind of get a chill because it's creepy.
  And then we saw a lot of cars, obviously.
  A lot of people going to this.
  And the sign that says Six Flags,  the S is out.
  The S is not illuminated.
  So you just see it says X flags.
  And could a Six Flags trip start in a better way?  It I don't think so.
  It ended for me.
  It started with X flags.
  And then there was another ominous warning as I was getting back on the freeway.
  And we'll get to that.
  Are we sure that it isn't that it wasn't it's not X, but Roman numeral I X,  because they changed it to nine flags?  I am not sure about that.
  That would be a fun like a test market.
  They're trying it out around here.
  They're going to add more flags to people.
  We know more flags, more fun.
  Yeah.
 So why not in this trying year add more flags finally?  Well, there are Six Flags.
  People are sitting around a table and like, OK, what should we do?  Should we make the rides better?  Should we expensive?  And should we paint any of our buildings?  Is it paint in the mud?  We did it eight years ago.
  Why would we need to paint a building?  And I'm like, I'm so high.
  You know what? He sees it.
  And it was like somebody's like, where is the paint even?  I don't even know.
  Where would we find the paint in a closet somewhere?  And they're like, throw it away.
  We put it in the river.
  Yeah.
 So then they're like, what about more flags?  More flags.
  Do I have this correct that the equation we use internally is more flags equal  more fun? Yeah.
  And they figured it out.
  I think we have it.
  Then they figured out they could do this trick.
  So they can save on sign money.
  And then we don't have to just turn off the heads.
  Then it's nine, obviously,  you know, and then it'll be clear that more flags equal more fudge.
  Oh, I misspoke.
 I said fudge instead of fun.
  Wait a sec.
  More fudge is more fun.
  Oh, yeah, you know, exactly what happened.
  We're having a lot of fun.
  But I got to say, I thought these light displays are nice.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, completely.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  I would.
 I mean, this is fun.
  At twenty dollars a head, it's about an hour.
  I say doing the experience, they say it's thirty minutes.
  And then there's a little bit of a line to get in.
  You got to go around the parking lot.
  You go in through the employee like and, you know, press  and backstage entrance, which is cool.
  There's a lot.
 There's a couple of fun things that I'd like to talk about.
  Now, early on, you see.
  Mr.
 Six's bus.
  I.
 Which is great.
  Very exciting.
 I really liked that.
  I will say, and this is only because I and Scott, you will answer this question,  is Jason and I did not see something that we know existed there.
  Did you, Scott, see the Looney Tunes characters waving at you or anything?  I did not.
 I did not.
  Have they been doing that?  OK, because I saw on mice chat.
  Dusty Sage had of mice chat, in case you don't know what I'm talking about.
  Mice chat is another website.
  They have a podcast.
  Doug Barnes from season past does that.
  But Dusty Sage, who is the main man at Mice Chat, posted a picture,  a video of the Looney Tunes waving at him as he drove by.
  Well, and I got enraged because we did not see the Looney Tunes.
  And my sister did this on a different night and she did not see Looney Tunes either.
  I feel like there was a VIP theme park media tier  that got to see the Looney Tunes or something, and we were shut out.
  And I think it's horseshit.
  It'd be a big way.
  I saw Dusty Sage household name.
  Yes, he Sage.
 Right.
  Finally, we're talking about him on the show.
  Head of Mice Chat, a different theme park outlet thing.
  I saw a different drive through the park that was theme park.
  Insider did a drive through and there the characters were waving by the fountain.
  The Looney like I think it was Bugs and Sylvester were waving by the fountain  towards the end, and I didn't see them there either.
  Also, I will say, if anyone, everyone is listening to this.
  The website theme park insider are the ones who  that they are the ones on the mythos banner best restaurant.
  And they're currently doing voting for best restaurant in 2020.
  So if everyone listening could go to the theme park insider website  and vote for mythos, then they will have to and they win.
  If we can get it to win, then they'll have to make a new banner with another year on it.
  And that would just warm my heart.
  So you want to win the games.
  Yeah, we had a great meal.
  We had a great time.
  I know we were down there last year.
  It was very good.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  So back to six flags anyway.
  I want to take away.
 I did enjoy myself.
  I just was we didn't see the Looney Tunes, and I feel like that would be the perfect  the cherry on top to this whole experience.
  Man, yes, the bus was a thrill.
  Friend of the show, Marissa Strickland went and she described  seeing the bus as a celeb sighting.
  And I think the only thing that also could have made it better  is if the man himself was there dancing.
  Right.
 Why that one?  Another one is an easy layup, I feel like.
  Yeah, just having them six flags man dancing out there  would have been masked.
  You put him in a mask.
  That's an authority figure.
  Maybe you listen to him.
  I you know, he might have more authority than the people who are running for  for the for the presidency this year, especially because he is younger  than both of them.
  It's very good point.
  So, yeah, so if they did this again, which I assume they  hopefully not in our lifetime, they'll have to do this again.
  But I do think maybe there could be a hybrid event  like during fright nights where they like people are walking around  and people are driving their cars.
  Just to make it a little more interesting.
  Oh, yeah, there should be like derbies through this thing.
  Yeah, 100 percent rallies, whatever you want to call them.
  Hey, you saw another character.
  One of our favorite characters in the world of advertising,  the happy Honda days, Moral Orel.
  That's what I assume his name is.
  He's the claymation character who looks exactly like Adult Swim's Moral Orel.
  He is just is they just took the character and put it in Honda ads.
  He's the boy with no other characteristics, and he was inflatable  and all along the car paths several times.
  Huh, I don't remember.
  I didn't see that.
  You know, there's the ads every year of a blue shirted boy  and other boys that he knows.
  There he has no I have no other descriptors for this,  but there was the most prominent character, I feel the most prominent IP  at Six Flags at this time.
  I do know I do know who you're talking about, but I don't remember that on the tour.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Was it not there?  Maybe they hadn't and then set them up yet.
  The sponsors, the check hadn't cleared.
  It's a very good question.
  We'll check.
 Maybe that was a late edition.
  I like plussing up.
  I'm not against it if they were like, you know what?  We don't always have the Looney Tunes, but we'll have the little blue shirt boy.
  Because that would that's something, you know, that's a character you like.
  That's a friendly face.
  Yeah, we have to know that happy Honda days are ahead.
  I think the biggest, the most excitement I got for the first couple of minutes  was seeing an unlit Johnny Rockets.
  I got excited  to see that because it was there was no lights on it whatsoever.
  Now, they did a pretty good job at this because this is a huge park.
  This park is massive.
  And there's some sections that are like really, really well lit.
  And then there's some sections that are kind of dead.
  So I got very excited when we get into a dead section  with it, like the Johnny Rockets not being lit up, darkened food  courts several times because of that post-apocalyptic.
  There were a few times when I was driving through that it almost felt like a haunt.
  Like early on, there was like some things where you're like,  this is a little spooky.
  We kept several times we said, what is this area?  Is this like this is like a service road that they opened up for this?  This isn't like open to the guests.
  And then we'd see like a coke sign and go, nope, this is a sidewalk.
  This is a place where guests go, even though it's full of like peligro signs.
  Yeah, I was thinking there would be something like that, too.
  But no, I believe everything we were driving on is just regular  guest walkway, which is pretty crazy.
  I will say, yes, I was hoping  just for the fun of it that, you know, like one of the cars would veer off  the road onto the roller coaster track or like there would be just like  ducks crossing for like an hour and cars couldn't move.
  Like I was hoping for some more antics, but the cars moved in and out.
  It was almost like they planned to have all the Six Flags walkways like car accessible.
  Yeah, oddly, because you couldn't do that in Disneyland, probably.
  You can drive through fantasy land, I wouldn't think.
  Yeah, no, I don't think with a smart car, perhaps, but that's about it.
  So, yeah, everything was smooth as far as the actual driving.
  It was I definitely imagined like, what if I just veered to the left  and just crashed into that Dasani machine?  What would happen?  That was the fun was fantasizing about how much you could racket  Six Flags with your car while you were in there with your like what you're in your car.
  Like there would be a couple of times.
  There was a part where they were playing later on.
  They were playing like a Dolly Parton Christmas song, which I found really nice.
  There was a lot of lights.
  It was really you know what I'm talking about is like kind of later in the in the  I mean, it's a long one with me, but  but then I was like, oh, I was I was not I was not thinking about Six Flags.
  At that moment, I was thinking about the holidays and everything there.
  But then the rest of the time, I would be like, hey, there's the Hall of Justice.
  Could I get my car in the door of the Hall of Justice?  They're Rammin robots.
  That seems like a spot like have Batman there have Superman.
  Yes, there you go.
  This is what I was.
  They had a stilt Walker, a one single guy, and he was great.
  He was talking to all of us.
  And he was like he was doing bits with the cars and stuff in front of the Hall of Justice.
  But give me yeah, give me and a stilt man is a character from the Marvel comics.
  So it couldn't have done stilt man, which it would be an easy,  an easy character to use when a guy's on stilts.
  But yeah, give us a care.
  Give us who has robot legs in the DC universe, Jason.
 Come on.
  Cyborg, I guess has a cyborg, I guess.
  The ride.
 He has long legs now and he's wearing a jester's outfit.
  Just call him cyborg.
 Hey, I'm cyborg.
  I'm dressed up for the season.
  I saw some original characters.
  Well, one I saw in person and then the other I saw in video later on.
  And once you got to the what is usually the scream punk district is for the holidays  is the gleam punk district.
 And that's a lot of fun.
  And the gleam district.
  Was Jewish this year?  Yes, it was all Hanukkah, steampunk Hanukkah,  which that is by far my favorite part of the whole thing.
  It was steampunk Hanukkah.
  Yeah, lots of manure.
  There was like a copper pipe with like light bulbs  on top, menorah, and there there was big dreidel and a lot of beautiful blue lights.
  There was like a copper steampunk menorah.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which I thought was an interesting choice.
  I feel like I was like, yeah, checking out at the end, I think maybe is why.
  Like those in the latter half.
  Yes.
 And while I while I did like this a lot,  there was a point where you just go, boy, this is it's been a while now.
  We have been driving slowly through six.
  And we didn't stop on the way.
  So I've just had my foot on the gas for, you know, a lot for the whole drive there  and then through the thing.
  And one thing I will say about this, they do they close with Santa,  which makes sense.
 And that's fun.
  But I don't I think if they were to do this again,  and I hope they don't have to for Christmas 2021.
  But like it didn't like build.
  I feel like the best lights probably were in a Hall of Justice area.
  And then they didn't like go out with a bang.
  It was just like, and now more sometimes smaller and less.
  And now you're not in it anymore.
  I think it could climax a little better.
  The dollar, whatever that dolly area was, I think is my favorite part.
  I think that had the most lights.
  And I think that part was really like felt special to me.
  And maybe you were checked out by that point, Scott.
  It was a little later in the experience because I kept going, oh, we're done.
  Like I did.
 I did that drive through experience at Halloween.
  And I remember going, oh, we must have like 20 more minutes.
  And then we turned a corner and we were out and I went, huh?  And then this one, I was like, oh, we're probably done seven minutes later.
  Not done.
 Another seven minutes.
  Oh, we're probably done.
  Just like good.
  You want to get a nice chunk.
  And I do remember, though, I was fading a little bit.
  And then we got to gleam punk, steampunk Hanukkah.
  And I did come to life again.
  Yeah.
 And then I was making I was making jokes like  where like the local dreidel works was, you know, like they should have done  more with that and had like steam powered dreidel spinning.
  And if they really want to go all the way with it.
  So, yeah, there was a gear.
  There was a man with gears on a hat, top hat on a big, tall bicycle  that had gears on it, and he was yelling, happy Halloween or not.
  Happy Halloween.
 That would be very funny.
  If you only got the Halloween.
  They messed it up.
  But but there, yeah, there was a lot of thematic touches in the gleampunk district.
  But when I was watching the video back, I did not see the stilt man  with candy cane legs and candy cane arms  who was yelling at cars, cars, greetings from the candy cane realm.
  And I'm like, well, I wish you were in the rest of the park.
  You nightmare, you walking nightmare.
  Maybe that's who we saw.
  And he just did not introduce himself from the candy cane realm,  because I would have remembered the candy cane realm.
  What do you mean? Just everything's candy canes there.
  Like that's what they're they have instead of bones.
  Maybe it's just limbs are candy canes.
  Everyone's limbs are candy canes, which is so easily shatterable.
  If there's war in the on the candy cane realm, you win that war.
  Whoever you are, or it's like where they kind of lightly smack into one of them  and they shatter into a million pieces.
  There's an X-Men character named Mero who can take her own bones out  and they'll grow back real quick and she can use her own bones as weapons.
  So maybe it's like that where you pull out your candy cane rib.
  You can stab someone with it and then it'll grow right back.
  They grow back and they do get sharp.
  Oh, God, I'm counting out the candy cane realm.
  I thought this would be an easy fight.
  They got my number.
  They should do that.
  I wrote the sharpened candy cane arm.
  They should do that as a fright fest maze candy.
  Yeah.
 Oh, there's a lot there.
 Yes.
  And do that.
 Yeah.
 During Halloween, you have a demented Christmas thing.
  That's really scary.
  And they did a little of that at Halloween Horror Nights.
  They've done like a 12 or like 12 month holiday thing with like evil Santa  and stuff, I think, or Santa was going to be just getting murdered.
  Maybe he's just getting murdered.
  I forget exactly what was happening to Santa.
  So, yes, they're they're turning Santa into a candy cane.
  He's in the process of being candy caned  and he's like half of his face is red and white now.
  It's it's like it's like embalming a mummy.
  And that's like the nuts maze wax works.
  Oh, that's right.
  Turning people into wax figures before they're while they're alive.
  Oh, yeah, this is good.
  Maybe we can we write this for them?  Yeah, I'm not.
  I mean, we've been begging to do this for anyone for years.
  So please.
  I mean, Six Flags in Venice, you got to do it.
  They will.
 We'll give it to them.
  They've been good to us.
  They did a good holiday experience.
  We want to write candy cane realm the maze.
  We should be in charge of everything at Six Flags.
  They should just hand us the keys to that.
  Like we should have written this whole drive through show,  and I'm not being facetious.
  There's no reason not to have gotten let us do this.
  Give us a week and ten thousand dollars and we could.
  You wouldn't recognize the.
  Just give Jason a box of fudge and he'll do it.
  Yeah, I'll work for fudge, you know.
  Two pounds this time, please.
  Two pounds.
 Yeah, I, you know.
  Yeah, I'm playing hardball.
  Yeah, I mean, I think everything you're saying is right.
  Yeah, there's a long stretch where you go up around Tatsu and then down.
  And there are some stretches where like there there was like winter winter,  you know, witches or I don't know, people, people kind of on stilts  and big outfits and some musicians and some dancers.
  I was very excited to learn, though, because I remember when I went  on the hottest day in like 2008, there was one of those mini Panda Expresses  where like you only have two options.
  That licensing deal is done.
  It is now a restaurant called Chop Six.
  And I thought that was very funny.
  So we high marks the chop.
  We did drive by the full throttle bar, which is where Anthony, Geo  and I pregame to before the epic frightfest episode of podcast the ride.
  And I should see that, but it was not lit up.
  I was hoping for some sort of Christmas decoration there.
  Of course, full throttle bar has one of the tiniest bathrooms  I've ever seen upstairs, at least.
  See the tiniest bathroom in the world.
  Well, look, I promise the audience will get back to Six Flags next year.
  I was thinking I was joking already on the show and on Twitter, like,  should I get the trial vaccine just to go to frightfest if it was open in October?  And I didn't even have the option.
  It was not even possible.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So.
  But here's what I'll say for opening back up.
  Imagine a commercial, you know, people  unlock maybe a hand unlocking the gate, flipping all the lights on.
  And then the person turns around and it's Mr.
  Six and he goes, we're back.
  And he starts dancing.
  I mean, can you I think that in the new world,  when everything on the Mr.
 Six episode.
  But I, I, it's haunting you every waking moment of your life.
  Is that what you're trying to say?  No, I'm saying sometimes I don't remember what I.
  Oh, yeah, sure, sure.
  Because I'm just a fountain of great ideas.
  But I mean, I'm saying even if I did, it would have such a more magnificent impact.
  You know, once it once it opens back up.
  I'd love to see him open up everything that's been closed.
  Let's see him opening Disneyland up.
  Yeah, we're back at Disneyland.
  Do do do do do do do do do.
  Restaurant brands or anything that has an El Torito.
  It doesn't matter.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Red Lobster.
  He's the mascot of the reopening and he'll we all start dancing like him.
  We all put on our bow ties because we're going to value going out again  and we're going to look our best, put effort into our appearance like Mr.
  Six does.
 Right.
  It's going to be a whole new world.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Something emulate.
  Um, does that does that cover the the Six Flags experience?  Oh, yeah.
 I just like it was funny.
  Weird.
 Yeah.
  Sorry we didn't drive our car off a cliff or something or have more antics.
  Yeah.
 Oh, my omen leaving Six Flags.
  So I I when I left the park and got back on the main road,  I knew there was an office building there that was like a  some sort of corporate office for Sunkiss,  but I couldn't see that sign from the angle I was coming from.
  Instead, I saw a new sign I'd never seen before.
  And it was just a dark office building with a illuminated sign  that just said Scorpion.
  And I was like, what in God's name is Scorpion?  Like with everything dark around it, I was like, what is this ominous?  And I went to their website and I still don't know.
  It appears to be some sort of digital marketing concern.
  But it's just a lot of jargon on the website.
  But just in the pitch black night, a giant glowing white sign  that just says Scorpion.
  Oh, my God, there's a scorpion outside Scott's window that just appeared.
  Oh, on the windows, got to turn around.
  Oh, it's a flock of them.
  That's what was cooing earlier.
  Oh, my God.
  The famous call of the scorpion.
  You know, they're calling on my window.
  I can't even I can't even see outside anymore.
  They've darkened the whole thing.
  Unleash your scarabs to take care of the scorpions out of my mouth.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, Charlie Ma or whatever he says.
  There they go.
  All right.
 They're going to fight out there for a while.
  I guess that's a sign of the apocalypse, just as everything we've experienced.
  Yeah.
 And these last few weeks has been.
  Yeah.
 You know, look, we had fun at all of these things.
  Yeah.
 We got some smiles and some some chuckles out of  all of the socially distant things that we went to.
  But look, is this the note that we wanted to end 2020 on?  I don't know that it is.
  How much we have how great would it have been if we'd been able to say,  oh, but then things were back to normal and we had our Manhattans  and we all reconvene, we did an episode in in person.
  All that would have been great.
  But it's not how it played out.
  It is hard to come up with a positive note to end 2020 on.
  But I I thought that we had to try.
  We had to give it a college try.
  And that is why I have prepared a little scene.
  And this, I think, is maybe the way that we should go out of of 2020.
  It's a it's a it's a scene of of hope and positivity.
  I emailed it to you guys if you want to take a second, find it.
  It's it's a it's a you guys haven't seen it before.
  So this will be a cold read.
  So what will put your your acting chops to the test?  But I think you're good.
  I trust you.
 I believe in you.
  It'll also be a tech rehearsal on my part.
  So if there's some music cues dropped, you know,  it's not ready to face the public yet, maybe.
  But we'll we'll just give it a go.
  So here's what I'm thinking here.
  Obviously, terrible year.
  And we could be pessimists about where the next year is going.
  We were earlier.
  We had that discussion about like, oh, it's going to be this transition year.
  And nobody will agree.
  And will things really be ready?  And, you know, there's every reason to be pessimistic about 2021.
  Now, I don't think we could do that.
  We're good boys and we have to have good feelings about the next year.
  I think we have to be optimistic.
  And maybe we can imagine a 2021  that is like what the ultimate optimist would have imagined.
  Walt Disney.
  I believe that Walt Disney would have imagined a 2021 that's better,  that's full of hope and that is full of  that's a pull up of Q of 2021 that is full of progress.
  Oh, wow.
  Well, here we are.
  Twenty twenty one and things just keep getting better.
  Why the economy is booming again.
  Ever since Nancy Pelosi got everyone in America, six hundred dollars.
  Boy, that'll buy a lot of sarsaparilla.
  And now they want everybody to take this thing called a vaccine.
  It'll never work.
  Say, we got a new fella in the White House, Joe Biden.
  And that last fella, Donald Trump, he got sent straight to jail.
  We all watched it live on TV.
  On the way in, he slipped and fell right on his rump.
  Boy, little Michael and I sure got a kick out of it, didn't we?  Not now, Scott.
  I'm I'm signing in so we can watch Matrix three.
  Wait, Matrix three, are you sure?  Oh, Matrix four.
 I'm sorry.
  I should have made the script bigger.
  Oh, that's OK.
 You're behind that scrim over there.
  It's a little bit tough to see.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Matrix four.
  You know, I almost forgot they got this thing now.
  HBO Max.
 It's a real hoot.
  Sure is.
 The Warner Brothers stream all the best movies right to our home.
  Yep.
 No need to get in the rat race and head all the way to the theater.
  I'm glad those things are gone.
  I can't wait for Space Jam 2.
  It's got that new fella, LeBron James,  my favorite brands, Nike and Xbox and oh, that Lola bunny.
  Now, Michael, now, Michael, hang on there.
  You remember that talk we had about body content?  Sorry, Scott.
  Boys will be boys.
  You know, there's so many great things about 2021.
  Trap music is the cat's meow.
  No celebrities we like have died.
  One billion people all deleted Zoom at the exact same time.
  And the best part is we're hanging out with our friends again in real life.
  Why, I've been seeing all my pals, except Uncle Jason.
  Haven't seen him since 20 Spenny.
  It's 20 Spenny.
  It's a haven't seen him since 2020, which he spent self inoculating in a bathtub.
  Maybe I'll give him a call.
  Hello, Uncle Jason.
  No privacy at all around this place.
  Uncle Jason, you're still in the bathtub.
  The lockdown's been over for months.
  They can lift restrictions, but they can't take away my privacy.
  And you're cooling the room with a big block of ice.
  We've had air conditioning for 75 years.
  Look, man, get off Uncle Jason's ass.
  Just leave me and my bath donut in privacy.
  Sorry, Jason.
  Well, some things never change.
  But lucky for us, some things do for the better.
  And this year is way better than the last, since the bar couldn't possibly be any lower.
  Hey, Scott, what do you say we sing our song?  Sounds like the bee's knees.
  Jason, Jason, have you been bathing in milk this whole time?  Yeah, and dipping cookies into it, too.
  Play the damn song.
  All right.
 Sounds good.
  Let me just share the screen and then we go.
  OK, OK.
 Share the screen, Scott.
  Share the screen.
  Why did you delete this? I'm doing it.
  Why did you have to re-download it?  All right.
 Look, we're not off.
  We're not off Zoom yet.
 This is a play.
  OK, you put it up.
  Hold on.
 It full screens and my lyrics go away.
  Oh, shoot.
 All right.
  I'll put it up on my phone.
 I got it.
 I got it.
 I got it.
  If you hit command tab.
  One thing that'll be better next year is coordinating  en masse singalongs to end little plays.
  OK, everybody.
 All right, fellas.
  Hey, let's sing our song.
  Here we go.
  There's a great big beautiful tomorrow.
  After the shitty year we've had,  there's a great big beautiful tomorrow.
  Next year we assume we'll be less mad.
  Man eats a bat and that's the start.
  Now everyone's been depressed since March.
  But when we achieve our immunity,  we can eat inside of our chilies.
  So there's a great big beautiful tomorrow.
  All we need is for the year to change.
  There's a great big beautiful tomorrow.
  Just two weeks away.
  Wow, fellas, that was absolutely perfect.
  Really proved the value of the old Zoom machine.
  Maybe we shouldn't all delete the app.
  No notes.
 It's like being right here with all of you.
  It was as precise as robots would be.
  Boy, a beautiful show.
  Great rehearsal.
  I'm sure we'll work out all the kinks when we do it for real.
  Oh, Scott, your hand fell off.
  I feel more positive, don't you?  Yes, I feel great.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think we all do.
  It's going to be a great big beautiful 2021.
  You survived podcast The Ride.
  You survived 2020 and congrats on doing it.
  More fun will be had next year.
  Hopefully by the end of the year, we're not only doing the show in person.
  We are jamboreeing in person.
  That is right.
  And that's when you'll know that we succeeded, that the human race won.
  That is this was our Independence Day.
  Jason, will you learn to play the jug now for a few in the next few months?  Um, yes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  If you can help me find one, I'm sure you can learn how to do anything on YouTube.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  Well, that's another guarantee for the next year.
  Jason is learning how to play a jug.
  Do we do we think that it has to be learned?  I'm sure there's a craft to it.
  There's a technique to it.
  It's maybe not the hardest instrument in the world, but I'm sure there are jug  playing techniques that even I don't know about a jug playing aficionado.
  Should should we then in another one of these like year marking things,  should Jason in an early episode in 2021 play the jug, play a jug at his current  level of skill and then by the last episode of the year.
  I will find him a jug online.
  I'll get it for Christmas for him.
  And then, yeah, we'll see where you start.
  And then your jug playing is going to be so good by the time we jamboree.
  People will be very impressed at all the practice.
  I like silence.
  I like it.
 Just consider it all in.
  All right.
 Well, there you have it, folks.
  What a what a tease for this.
  Yeah, boy.
  What a jug playing and if and if it spittles all over us  in the process, that'll be a OK.
  We welcome it in that instance.
  We'll love it.
 We're all going to swim in each other's spittle.
  We're so glad it's 2021.
  More spittle, please.
  More spittle and more subscriptions, please.
  To the second gate, but guess the ride, the second gate at  Patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride fun stuff there.
  We've already recorded and you're going to like it.
  And you're like the stuff we haven't done yet either.
  So much great stuff to come.
  Happy holiday.
 Happy Honda days, everyone.
  And join us next week on the second gate for a little more stuff.
  Little more stuff.
  How does Oh, holy night and  the end of the night?  So far, I don't know.
  And then there is a holy night is coming.
  Oh, this has been a forever dog production executive  produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
