 Forever.
  Dog.
  Oh, we're going up to Elsa's ice palace to argue about a slow moving boat ride.
  With you and you and you and Carly Weisel.
  Strap in.
  It's Frozen Ever After on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three guys who used to ride  the Frozen ride, but now pray the Zoom screen doesn't get frozen.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Scott Gerdner.
  You said make funny if we didn't like it, but I liked it.
  So all right.
  Well, thank you.
  Yeah.
  Jason Sheridan here.
  Do you like it?  I feel like I'd be getting twice as much grief as you are going to get.
  They came out with that shit.
  Well give it to me.
  Come on.
  You want it?  It's going to forever.
  Let me have it.
  It does sound a little like the like a youth pastor or something.
  Yeah.
  Like, come on, let me have it.
  Let me have it.
  Like, yeah.
  Call me a youth pastor.
  Millennials are always on their iPhones, but what they should be saying is I accept Jesus  Christ as my Lord and Savior.
  That sort of cumbersome.
  You're right.
  You're right.
  That is OK.
  I have been I have been owned.
  I think I think Jason just owned me.
  Just saying you're bringing that youth pastor energy to to a podcast.
  And I think that's a compliment because he's saying that you're youthful.
  You have a youthful appeal.
  Anything with youth in it than the word to describe me.
  I don't care.
  I think you'd be like youthful killer, I guess.
  And I'd be like, well, thank you for calling me young.
  Convicted youth counselor Mike Carlson.
  Oh, well, thank you very much.
  I very much appreciate it.
  I've ignored the rest of the sentence.
  The youth center strangler.
  Oh, thank you for the nickname.
  I appreciate it.
  You did work at the youth center.
  I do.
  I do look young, right?  So that's how I'm doing.
  Let's bring our guest in, right?  She wants to get in on the fun.
  And I want to know if she liked that joke.
  I loved the joke.
  I'm just going to use Serp any introduction just to let everyone know  before they knew who I am that I love the joke that they will.
  Thank you.
 That is, of course, the voice of podcast host, theme park journalist,  foamfluencer Carly Weisel.
  She's here.
 She's back.
  Thank you for being here.
  Yeah, those titles are maybe why my college has never invited me back to speak.
  But either way, I stand behind it.
  Hello.
 Thank you for having me on.
  Doesn't look impressive on a poster.
  Yeah, I want to be invited back to my college, but  I want like the red carpet rolled out.
  So I'm OK.
  I think I got like I got like a crumb.
  I think the trail has begun because they had me write a welcome letter for freshmen.
  So I'm just putting it out there like, yeah, fly me in once.
  That's a normal thing to do.
  And I'll go to Southern Illinois and stand outside an experimental crop field  and be like, I went here.
  That's all I want.
  That's yeah.
 No, I hear that.
  I never went to Southern.
  I went to Illinois State, which is like midway.
  And I went to Western to visit and I went to U of I to visit.
  That's my way.
 Never Southern.
  Well, because it's you know, I'm speaking for those of us.
  Oh, I don't know.
 I see.
  So you went to U of I.
 OK.
  I saw Wilco at U of I.
  I put that show on.
  Is that true?  Yes.
 Really?  Yes.
 Wow.
 Really?  I went backstage at the Wilco show at U of I.
  I probably was the person telling you you couldn't because I was in charge of security.
  Well, the drummer Glenn has one of his students  I knew when I was playing in a band with him at the time.
  We got to go backstage and I met Jeff Tweedy and Glenn Cochie.
  I was like it was either me or my best friend who like escorted you backstage.
  Wow.
 This is great.
 Yeah.
  I remember that show.
 Four minutes and then you're out.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 It was a good show.
  Yeah, it's great.
 Wow.
  I have a photo.
 I have photos of I have photos of it, too.
  So we'll see if you're in the background.
  I might have been in there.
  I mean, Green Room is really a stretch when you're playing a campus show.
  But I would have been I would have been there.
 Wow.
  I know.
 What if we have some like weird foreign old version of us being friends?  Well, that's very possible.
  Obviously, also, we have we said on the show our mothers were friends in high school.
  Yes.
 So there's that one.
  Well, yeah, it's a fair like once you hit a certain age, you're like, oh, God,  like everyone knows everyone.
  You can't you can't just fuck around and like make fun of people publicly.
  Like everything comes back to you.
  Yeah, no, you should.
  Everyone just scrub their history every couple of weeks, just in case you said  something mildly insulting about someone, just in case.
  Well, anyway, we'll catch up about you if I guess later.
  I could talk about the Wilco show.
  I remember they covered Thunder Clap Newman in the encore,  but we don't need to talk about that on podcast the ride.
  Save that for a different podcast.
  We're talking frozen ever after today.
  And we're going to get there because I think this is  this is part of the continuity from the podcast.
  Because last time you were on, we talked a little bit about frozen  in the middle of living with the land, which is very controversial in general.
  So I felt like we needed to keep the controversy  going with another very controversial episode.
  But I think we should probably discuss  a controversial news story that just emerged from a few days ago.
  Does anyone want to state what this is?  And we don't get to go to Disneyland anymore.
  That's what's happening.
  There is it.
  Yeah, sure.
  We do.
 We just have to set aside  a portion of our Patreon, but actually all of our Patreon money  to for one visit, go with the rate we were going.
 Yeah.
  So the annual passholder program is no more.
  It's going to be gone for what, at least a year  before they replace it with something.
  Oh, I'm just going to let you know straight out of the gate.
  I'm not making any assumptions.
 Yeah.
  The point of view that I have is that looking at the language  of the statement that Ken Potrock put out, who I believe he's the president  of Disneyland Resort, it they keep saying the word membership,  which scares me.
  That's not a word that we've like included in the bizarro Disney lexicon.
  So I'm just going to I'm just going to sit this one out and wait  to see what happens, because I get the feeling I'm not even going to be able  to guess what happens.
 Interesting.
  So you're thinking that some type of program emerges  that is so mind boggling or perhaps like vacation club  ask could emerge.
  I mean, I don't want to be real galaxy brain about it.
  I haven't been out of my house in a long, long time,  so I'm starting to lose it like a weird old recluse celebrity.
  But regardless, like the wording, sunsetting membership,  like it all felt like red flags to me.
  And so I know the general consensus online is like,  it's going to be a flex pass for everybody.
  But I don't know.
  That word membership just sticks out to me so strongly that I don't know  what it could mean.
  That's what they use that word for country clubs, which are expensive.
  Bingo.
 Yeah.
 Or opera operas,  symphonies, the membership of the symphony or a place  that's going to do like a four hour production of August O.
C.
  County.
 Like that's where you get memberships to.
  I also is sunsetting is kind of not in the vibe of their usual lexicon  of like wishes, dreams, enchantment.
  I kept saying sundowning,  I forgot, which I think he has more negative connotations, but sunsetting.
  I was like, I have heard that used as a term of like we're retiring something.
  But that that felt very targeted.
  It felt like every news story made sure to use the term.
  Yeah, I felt like the least upsetting phrase for  your whole life as you visited Disneyland has ended for now.
  Yeah.
 Well, let me I have.
  Yeah, I was thinking like it's going to come back.
  Yeah.
 But what what monster will it emerge as?  Because we started when I moved to Los Angeles over 10 years ago.
  I'm still young, but I moved here 10 years ago.
  It was cheap as hell to go get an annual pass to Disneyland.
  So they sort of got an adjacent cat at that.
  I'm sure Scott had it then like they got us used to a lifestyle  with their cheap ticket.
  And then slowly they've increased the price, increased the price.
  And because we're suckers,  we've been paying it.
  We've been we've been like forgoing other necessities, probably in our lives,  to make sure we allocate enough for a Disneyland annual pass when it used to be  like 200 bucks and you could go 200 days a year.
  And it did feel like it was breaking because I think they really they long  gamed.
 I mean, I know they've had it for a while, but they long gamed like a  million people in Southern California and around the area.
  So it was something that was going to break because so many people had gotten  used to popping into Disneyland for five hours here and there.
  But it's not testing us.
 Like how much will you pay?  Will you do this? Will you do this? And the answer is always yes.
  And so what are they going to do?  How do they clear out these parks that are getting too full and too full?  And now that there is a like state government mandated reason to make them  less full, now is the time to pull the carpet out.
  Yeah.
 So it is it.
  It does feel like we should brace ourselves if we want to.
  Ever have the lifestyle of like 250 days a year going into Disneyland to get,  you know, a glass of wine and ride Big Thunder and leave.
  We probably will have to pay about $15,000 a year.
  That's a guess.
  I don't know if it's unreasonable.
  I really don't.
  And well, I think the the other thing that, you know, I considered in the past  and I don't think this has been an option for a while now, but sometimes if my  family went down just for like a long weekend and we knew we would come back the  next summer, my dad would get like a seven day park hopper and just keep it in his  wallet for a year because for a time those days never expired.
  And I think they've stopped selling those kinds of park hoppers on both coasts at  this point.
 But that was an option, too, because once you start adding on days,  the price per day starts to drop.
  You buy anything in quantity, the price starts to drop.
  You know, so it's I don't know, prepare for the worst, I think, is really what I'm  trying to say.
  I understand the reasons that they're doing it and it'll probably make it a more  pleasant experience to be around there when you get to go there.
  Like the rationale all totally makes sense to me.
  But then on the flip side, I'm like, but I want to go.
  I used to be able to go and this thing sucked and it's never ending.
  And now when it's over, I don't get to go to Disneyland all the time or I have to  order, they'll be insanely cost prohibitive.
  Yeah, I am feeling that way, too.
  I was thinking, could it be could it be something crazier like, you know, how the  vacation club is some sort of very large amount of money and you like technically  own a room in a hotel?  Could they be like annexing like pieces of the park now?  And I technically own like a room on the Haunted Mansion if I pay fifty thousand  dollars and then I get to go into the park fairly regularly.
  Is that possible?  I think it is.
 One way to do it.
  I'm definitely in denial of this.
  Yeah, I think it's not.
  Well, and you had you were posting about because you have a premiere.
  I'm going to get that's even more complicated.
  Yeah.
  And I'm like just waiting to see what money they gave me back because I got a  premiere pass like a genius two weeks before a pandemic.
  Sorry, premiere is the one that gets you into Disneyland and Disney.
  Yeah, this is going to sound like like I'm a living fossil, but it gets you into  any Disney park in America any day of the week and all year round, which like  these are no blackouts, no blackouts at either resort any day of the year.
  OK, OK.
  So that's that's gone.
  Oh, I'm seeing here they've just announced that pass now costs five  hundred thousand dollars a year.
  Oh, yeah, I look, I am happy because I'm not really happy, but I like for the  person who comes in for their once a year trip, is it going to be less filled  with people like us who are just like roaming and mulling about and like  commenting on like, oh, there's some chipped pain up here in New Orleans  Square.
 Like they won't have to see that horribleness.
  But yes, I still am going to miss commenting on that chipped paint.
  This is where I feel maybe unself aware.
  I'm like, you know, I see all this stuff grumbling about annual pass holders and  how exactly what you're saying, like they're never happy and they come in and  don't even spend any money and just clog the place up.
  But now but then I'm going like, yeah, but that's not me, though, right?  I'm not part of the problem.
  I was even saying to Aaron the night that it happened like that's like not  like I think I help the vibe at Disney.
  I'm like I'm like the guy who starts the wave at the baseball game.
  I'm helping with the spirit and the morale.
  I'm not a drag.
 I'm not not walking around complaining, right?  I'm one of the good ones, right?  I oh, I can't confidently say that I'm the one I bring a backpack.
  I my own reusable water bottle, a bag of Clif bars, my own sunscreen.
  Like I have gone down and not spent any money, you know, besides parking.
  And then, yeah, you don't have your wagons.
  You don't have your wagons of ice and.
  They are playing with fire.
  They already banned the wagons and the massive coolers.
  So like the low, I mean, the locals are going to want to go when this  when Disneyland always back up, they're going to have to figure something out.
  I have to say it's a shame, though,  where it's probably helpful that flex pass  reservations worked pretty well the year or so I had it.
  And so I'm assuming whatever comes back would probably be something along those lines.
  Yeah, I would guess.
  But yeah, membership is it's a good point that Carly makes that membership is an interesting word.
  And we'll see what that means.
  Mike, you should do a deep dive.
  You should research the vacation club point system,  because that that would be right up your alley.
  I do know a little bit about it.
  Bank the bank a certain amount of points for the size of the room  or the number of days you go.
  And it's yes, there's equations and it's incredibly.
  What makes you say that's a Mike's alley and not Scott's alley?  Huh? Well, Mike famously loves point.
  I mean, he's got a whole system with the point.
  You're saying that I don't want to solve math equations to go to a theme park.
  I think I explained like five minutes of the vacation club to Scott like a year ago,  and I think he shouted at me to stop.
  I don't mind.
  Probably that'll be a if you ever want to do a Scott free episode,  if you want to getting off Scott free, you could call it.
  Feel free to just do the dry vacation club point rundown episode.
  So then and I will step away from it so that I will bear no responsibility  for the for what I listen to the content, the roof, when our numbers explode  and the podcast takes over, my favorite murder is the top podcast in the world.
  That's what will happen.
  Finally, we always wanted to always wanted.
  All right.
 So, Carly, any last thoughts about this?  Any other?  I mean, the things that I'm thinking about now is just that it's  even if things do go slightly back to normal where you have some sort of  past membership, whatever, where you can visit the parks,  it's going to be really hard to coordinate with your friends the way we used to.
  Because I had friends who had every type of pass  and we were still able to find those pockets where we would all line up  and be able to go.
  And depending on what happens, that's probably not going to be as easy.
  Right.
 That's something I thought about.
  They were our Scott, Mike and Jason to be able to go to the park again.
  Like the thing that we did all the time that spurred this show.
  Can we not do it anymore?  I don't know.
 It's it's possible.
  Yeah, it's possible that like one of us will have to win the lottery  to get the actual good pass and then somebody else.
  Like I'll have a pass that just gets me into California Adventure  from like noon to four on Wednesdays.
  And I can only go on the like I can only go on Soren and Grizzly River Rapids.
  And that's it.
  And that can pass costs $10,000 a year.
  There's always Costco tickets, Costco tickets.
  Yeah.
 And we look, we could also just go hard at nots.
  You know, we could just go hard and say, you know what?  F Disneyland.
  Nots is the place we live.
  I mean, even Universal was sending some shady tweets.
  So I mean, they're they're ready for pass holders.
  Were they saying like, yeah, we're considering how our annual pass program  is going to work?  Oh, they tweeted something that was just like, oh, well, love you.
  Our annual pass holders like just very sassy towards Disney.
  OK, I mean, I know they can win me over.
  And certainly I've heard a rumor that, you know, next year is when Nintendo Land  might open and I certainly will want to spend a lot of time in Nintendo Land.
  So they can certainly win me or they can get me.
  I'm get a bull by Universal at this point.
  So we'll see.
 We'll see what happens.
  There's a lot of things that still have to play out in our real world logistically  to even get to the point where we're talking about what the past system looks like.
  Yeah, it is.
 It is a bit hard to mourn like, oh, I can't hang out  with my friends at Disneyland when I haven't truly seen a living soul  like many, many weeks.
  Mm hmm.
 I yeah, I just hope that Six Flags doesn't follow suit  and they get rid of their by a churro, get an annual pass for free deal  that they don't.
  They need to keep incentives like that going for me to want to go back to Six Flags.
  I'm just going to go all in on the Santa Monica Pier.
  That's my move.
 I've bought a pass there before.
  It was like 100 bucks.
  They have a decent coaster.
 It does the trick.
  But they're never going to have a membership situation.
  So why not? Yeah, we should just all.
  You know, baby, you're popping off a POP.
  This podcast is all about the Santa Monica Pier from now on.
  Yeah, we're in protest.
  We're going to get rid of the old Disneyland episodes on our feed  and replace them retroactively with Santa Monica Pier episodes.
  Just not a whole.
  All right.
 We're covering the rotating school bus again.
  All right.
 The coffee bean, the coffee bean for  Taco Bell booth.
  Taco Bell slash KFC.
  Yeah.
 Episode five.
  I do.
 I don't know if this is in your lineup for notes,  but I think we do need to discuss that quiet Disneyland announcement today  that they're kind of turning the Rainforest Cafe into a Star Wars store.
  Yeah, I miss this.
  I know this is breaking to me.
  Yeah, it was very subdued.
  It was kind of like, oh, like we're going to open a spaceport in a former jungle.
  Really? Yeah.
  I mean, that's right up your alley.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Thanks.
 Thank God they're using the building for something.
  It's it's been so creepy every time you walk by it  because it's just a husk of something.
  It's it's somebody pointed out, it might have been Freddy.
  It might have been Freddy from Batuu  that it looks the building kind of looks like, you know, a base,  like a rebel base or a resistance base already.
  So it may be if they could actually do something cool with the theming.
  I don't know if they're going to, but I hope so.
  Yeah.
 Well, they're still dusty vines.
  They're still dusty rainforest vines, I guess, in there.
  Seem to be the only that.
  So you think it's all still everything inside has not been taken out.
  I I think I would I would have thought it was taken out.
  But then when they were like, it's a junk reclaimed jungle base, I was like,  oh, I guess there's maybe some of it still in there  or maybe some of the walls were painted that they could just continue to use  or just do a fresh coat of paint or they have to sweep out like me  a knee deep amount of old chicken tender breading.
  It's been sitting there for four years.
  They got a fumigate.
  Yeah, that's there.
  Well, if there's like animatronic animals still there,  they can't use those right, because those are owned by Tillman for Tita.
  I don't I have to think those are I would pray I would love  I would love for there to be like barely concealed rainforest cafe stuff.
  To me, that would add to the story so much more.
  Yes, I agree.
  I mean, it would be in keeping with what they've done lately.
  Like the old what was that's the thing called the premier store?  What is the the store that they opened that's like a spirit Halloween?  The warehouse, the store in the like in the in the wants to be a millionaire  play it where it's where the play it sign is still there.
  Yeah.
 Stage 17, I believe.
  OK.
 Yes.
  Scott's got to tour that.
  Yeah, that was that was something.
  Yeah, I described it on the podcast as the single most depressing thing  Disney's ever put together.
  It's the saddest story.
  After this episode, I might have to disagree with you on that.
  Oh, my gosh.
 Oh, boy.
  Well, that's a preview.
  I've been this up.
  They had moved.
  Correct me if I'm wrong.
  They what do they they like got rid of the Wonder Ground Gallery, right?  And they put like Star Wars stuff in there for now.
  Yeah.
 And I think this is a move to be able to bring artwork back.
  OK, that's good.
 That's basically what's my question, because I like that gallery.
  That was always a nice, fun little browse.
  Yeah.
 I have I bought a ton of small things there.
  Yeah.
 You could get postcards, coasters or like  $10,000 paintings of like sexy Cinderella  by comic book artist J.
 Scott Campbell.
  Which is a comic book artist that Jason and I read is or looked at as  huge, hugely popular and still very popular.
  And he does.
 Yeah.
  He does princess artwork anyway.
  So that's good that that's coming back is what I'm saying.
  I believe so.
 I truly glanced at this as I was getting into the car.
  So, yeah, I will.
  I kind of did the same, but I also saw footage from downtown  today and was a little surprised to see.
  I guess it is Sunday afternoon as we record.
  It was crowded.
  It was why?  Nothing to do.
  I'm not like, I don't know.
  I I guess I went in somewhere,  went to a window and got coffee the other day.
  But like I couldn't I don't think I could handle that right now.
  Well, there was a seven a seven hour line for Gideon's Bakery yesterday  at Disney Springs, am I right? Yeah.
  I mean, now this is currently  this is if I had a beat, it was the chocolate cookie beat.
  I mean, I've been obsessed with Gideon's for years since they.
  So for anyone who doesn't know,  Gideon's Bakehouse is this very, very small local Orlando bakery  that basically went from I think it's like a 280 square foot stall  at a food hall, like a small, not like a New York City food hall,  like a small market food hall.
  And then now has a flagship at Disney Springs that had full day long waits  on opening day.
  So it's like a wonderful small business story.
  But this cookie was sold at the polite pig at Disney Springs for eight bucks,  which is like a huge upsell.
  And so people like me who were like, I got to get this cookie  would drive to the bakery and then drive back like I fully drove away  from everyone's vacation destination to go buy a cookie.
  And I'm completely obsessed with it.
  I usually have at least one in my freezer because I need it.
  It's like my life source.
  But it's so good.
  It's like it's a wonderful story.
  I'm so for it because it's like a small business and a quality product.
  And it's run by one guy who never took any investment,  which is the opposite of Tillman.
  So it's just it's real nice that he's just there in the middle  of this cluster of all these big brands.
  Well, that's good.
  And the Disney Springs one is themed like an occult store,  which I think is so why like I'm so into that.
  Yeah, I am excited by these long lines.
  This is this is my number one list.
  When I when I get back to Florida, this might be my most  anticipated attraction is the New Gideon's cookies.
  Yeah.
 And they have cake, too, and crazy ice coffees on tap like  and bookshelves that turn in.
  They spent a year sourcing the antiques for the store.
  It's just great.
  Well, what's the phone situation there?  They have no phone, but I'm not going to hold it against them  because there's Starbucks like a few steps away.
  And that's Starbucks has fantastic phone.
 Sure.
  So what what would be the amount of time?  This is for everybody that you would spend  because I want to go to this place.
  It looks cool.
 The food looks the treats look good.
  What is the amount of time you would feel comfortable waiting in line  to get to get there? OK.
  So to clarify, the Disney Springs location had a virtual queue.
  So it's kind of just like your your tap, your tied into it.
  So I would wait probably either four hours or 11.
  Like I would put my name in and then come back at the end of the day.
  But I've waited in the line at the because the actual place  used to have a line before Covid.
  I think I waited 45 minutes.
  OK, that's reasonable.
 Yeah, that's fun.
  I mean, Mike and I have waited like two hours for  hot chicken, Hal and Ray's hot chicken.
  Yeah, I love waiting in a long line to eat.
  I don't know why.
  Do you what do you think our line waiting tolerance is going to be like after this?  You think it'll be higher or lower?  I think I think mine will be at the ground.
  Really? Standing around waiting to do something.
  Hmm.
 I will.
  Scott, we go just we've all had to do it for the grocery store.
  And yeah, now we've all had like a lot of does that make us more  like ready for lines or?  I don't know.
 I mean, you know, I'm in line for the  the the pop figurines on Hollywood Boulevard.
  Several days.
 You paid like  you paid a fiver user.
  You're technically in line right now.
  You have to when this is done, you have to go back.
  Yeah, yeah.
 So we're going to have to.
  Are we OK with this episode being about 35 minutes?  We're going to have to be able to show them.
 They usually are.
  Scott's got to get that Khaleesi pop that has different shoes than the normal pop.
  I got to get the double pop of the Duffer Brothers.
  I need both Duffer Brothers as pop figures.
  I won't be happy to have a two pack of David  of David Duchovny and Sean William Scott from Evolution.
  You know, that's a big deal.
  You can only get them together.
 You can't get them.
  I have them both from separate from Dude, Where's My Car and from X-Files,  but I need them from the same from the same film and franchise.
  That makes a lot of sense.
 Yeah.
  I can't really gauge what I think people's tolerance overall,  because I have a very high tolerance for Waiting In Line.
  And Jason, I think also has a similar.
  Jason, I waited no problem, like five hours for Guardians of the Galaxy  the first time.
  Something like that, kind of a precursor, kind of a prologue to this podcast.
  We had just started like rough, like sketching it out at the time.
  They just started talking about it.
  I think we knew we knew it was taking forever,  but we like split a whole donut and it was fine.
  You know, like one of those giant donuts.
  So I think people will just be happy to be out of the house, honestly.
  I think people will just be thrilled to be standing somewhere else  close by other humans.
  I think they'll be like they'll be like a six month grace,  like six month honeymoon period with lines for people.
  You know, I thought I'd be like dancing through the streets.
  And now the more I think about it and the longer I sit inside,  I feel like I'm just going to be permanently panicked about where to pee,  because I've had toilet access right by me for a whole year.
  And now, like if I wait in line for 90 minutes, what am I going to do?  Yeah, that's a good point.
  I have thought about that because when we drove down to like Anaheim  and went to like grab portillas and stuff, I was like, all right,  I can't drink any water before I have to make sure.
  Yeah, I don't want to stop in.
  We all read the article about Covid coming up through the toilet.
  I don't want to get toilet Covid, the worst kind.
  So there are certainly those things are going to remain, I think,  even if you kind of like logistically know, OK, it seems like the it's  this isn't a route like you will still feel an anxiety about a lot of things,  I assume.
 But just feel like I mean, I already had a real out of body moment.
  The first time I see a family playing that heads up game,  that like Ellen iPhone game, I'm just going to be like,  for the last two years, real.
  Yeah, well, that's yeah, I was imagining, honestly, we were doing the episode.
  I went back and listened to our last episode just to make sure  I remembered what everyone said.
  And I was remembering people just being in this apartment.
  And I was like, this does it feels like it happened two weeks ago.
  So our brains are going to block out.
  It's really going to be bizarre when we come on the other side of it,  because it'll feel like I did like your brain or just be like, nope, didn't happen.
  Go on.
 And you'd be like, I thought like it'll be a movie  like where somebody has like thoughts that they don't know what they mean.
  And you'll be like, but I swear we were inside for 18 months.
  And you'll be like, I don't know what you're talking about.
  Brian, get a hold of yourself.
  Or simply eternal sunshine ourselves like we'll do the best we can to just.
  And it helps that it's all been incredibly forgettable.
  So there'll be some natural forgetfulness  about all of this, but yeah, it's yes.
  Yes, simultaneously.
  Yeah, it felt like a week and a year and a half or whatever the hell.
  There's no.
 Yeah, my memory is just totally shocked.
  Jane and I were rewatched the last two because Riverdale comes back this week  and Jane and I watched the last two episodes of season four.
  And I was like, oh, my God, I forgot all of this.
  I forgot all of this stuff happened.
  Like we spent the first two weeks of quarantine, just binging Riverdale.
  And I was like, do you remember that?  Do you remember when we did that?  I forgot.
 I mean, it's also a show where it's like, oh, I forgot about the Tickle Club.
  I forgot about the tickle where they got their arrival tickle video sites.
 What?  Yeah, it's that I mean, this is after the cult and after the inset.
  Like it's it's you know, it goes a lot of places.
  Quick, because we got to start on the actual right.
  But what is the tickle club? Yeah.
  Well, like that movie, that documentary tickled about the guy  who would make the tickle websites and he was a real like nut job.
  They incorporated that into a season of.
  Oh, I didn't.
 OK, I didn't know this was a Riverdale.
  I thought you were saying you shifted focus to an entirely other world.
  I didn't know there was tickling in Riverdale world.
  Scott, you thought he was talking about his own life.
  And he said, yeah, after the inset.
 Oh, yeah.
 After the.
  Well, the tickle club.
  Yeah, obviously the tickle club, you know, live comedy.
  Shut down pretty quickly.
 Theme parks, tickle clubs.
  You know, they were number three.
  Newsome keeps issuing new tickle clubs must be at 40 percent capacity.
  Commodon Oldsum canceled the news.
  Oh, well, we found out he was at a tickle club last week.
  The fanciest tickle club.
 Yeah.
  That son of a bitch  getting tickled when we can't.
  Unbelievable.
  This is just you're just describing the Bohemian Grove.
  How is the Bohemian Grove complex fair during all of this question?  All right.
 We got to get into it.
  Yeah, we have.
 You just you just relistened.
  You just relistened to living with the land, and I'm glad that you did,  because I'm not going to.
  I don't want to go back to the scene of the crime.
  I have never.
  I've never felt so audience despised as when I said my thoughts about  living with the land, I was I was worried that there would be some kind of  podcast, 25th Amendment invoked by the audience and that encouraging  Mike and Jason to replace me with Carly.
  That was my fear in the days following that.
  I feel like the energy would quickly shift very negative  if I was just given a platform to yell along with people.
  Oh, boy.
  I will say Nancy Pelosi urged Jason and I to replace Scott.
  But right now, we don't feel it's the appropriate thing  because we don't we want to sow unity.
  We need to unite.
  And we don't want to get.
  And what else is Scott going to do?  We don't want to get Scott's followers riled up is what we're saying.
  God has a certain core audience that we just don't want to upset right now.
  So.
 Esenon.
  And they love they love going to a  catall restaurants.
  That's their Ike.
  Well, that's that's where Scott does this.
  Estra.
 New Estra.
  New Estra.
 Yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, I kind of give the messages to the to the es shaman  who who will store in various places with a giant wine glass on a staff.
  They were they were all no launch queens, but then they were a little confused,  though, when you actually went on a launch coaster.
  So what does it mean?  The message changed.
 Yeah.
  What's the mission now?  He's betrayed us.
 Clone is clone.
  They do some retconning to explain some of your character development  and your choices.
  They'll work it out.
 Yeah.
  But so, yes, when we discussed  living with the land, the slow moving one slow moving Epcot boat ride  as opposed to the one we're talking about today, there was a little bit  of compare contrast going on with with frozen ever after.
  And I remember some of the points, but maybe not all.
  But I was surprised to hear the the the negative feelings  about frozen ever after and to see it like painted as sort of the  somehow like an antithesis to living with the land.
  I'm not sure if that's exactly how you feel.
  If one is the opposite of the other.
  I don't want to go putting your opinions in your mouth.
  I'm just trying to remember some of what happened long ago in January.
  But frozen ever after Carly thoughts.
  Feel free to take it away.
  I mean, I'm not going to lie.
  My brain is so mush now that I didn't realize they were both boat rides  until a minute ago.
 And you said it.
  And I was like, oh, they are both boat rides.
  So I have not I've not thought of them in any like linear way, I suppose.
  But frozen, I have I have some issues with it.
  I have some praise for it.
  I will say from the get go, you're not going to hear any Maelstrom  discussion from me because I have no attachment to it.
  I came in fresh, just all frozen.
  So a lot of times people's Maelstrom love colors their perception of frozen  ever after, but not me.
  This is true.
  And I was wondering that with myself, because I will say I'm a person  with very strong Maelstrom love very much.
  I tell that to Eson on be sure to pay proper homage to the Maelstrom,  to the three headed the three headed troll will return.
  But yeah, love loved Maelstrom.
  And I you could tell when the announcement was made that they were going to shift  it to frozen, there was that there was going to be that that was that was  big trouble for Disney theme partners.
  They were they were messing with it with a big way.
  I feel like that's people are fond of it, for sure.
  Yeah, I'm going to put my marker down on this.
  This is my like you motherfuckers.
  I can't believe you took that.
  I would like and I know it was.
  Yeah, I know it's weird and I know it was odd.
  And that's why I love it.
 Yeah.
  That's why I love Maelstrom.
 My whole family loved it.
  I don't I don't say that's a lot that I'm putting my my marker down on.
  Like I I was not happy.
  I thought they did in a really like like they announced  it in September, I think of 2014.
  Yeah.
 And then by October 2014, Maelstrom was closed.
  Geez.
 Nobody had to say goodbye.
  I mean, I think.
  I think the the Mr.
  Toad to poo was probably worse in the 90s,  but at least you can find Mr.
  Toad other places.
  Maelstrom was one of was one of a kind.
  Yeah, I can't pretend.
  Yeah, here we are.
  No, Carly, what you just said.
  Now we're letting it color the discussion.
  But I think it is important context.
  Oh, I'm also coloring the discussion.
  I just personally I won't be bringing that energy, but we got one already.
  So we're good.
  Yeah.
 No, it's it's me.
  I I you know, I think it the.
  Obviously, like I'll come out and like it  it goes it goes against the original Epcot  theory of like, all right, no characters in this part.
  We're going to do different stuff.
  And then like, OK, we cut we cut the different thing.
  We cut the interesting, unique ride, and we're shoving in some characters in here.
  And then also, I was surprised this was addressed so directly  because I was like, that's kind of weird.
  You switch from like a country's history and heritage to like this fictional world.
  And at the time, Tom Staggs, who was the  I believe the chief operating officer  and then the chief operator, yes, he was asked,  is that appropriate for World Showcase and said,  if the goal is to give people a taste of something like Scandinavia  with the Norway Pavilion, then Frozen would only increase the extent to which  people would be drawn to it.
  To me, it doesn't seem out of character at all.
  And I'm like, I I don't know if that's right.
  Like if you were like, Morocco is now Agrabah.
  I think everyone would be like, whoa, what the hell, man?  What? Maybe, maybe.
  Yeah, here's just the very Cliff Notes thing is that this is an attraction  in World Showcase in Epcot.
  Every pavilion in that area represents a different country.
  This is the Norway Pavilion that we're talking about.
  There is a boat ride that is the centerpiece of the Norway Pavilion.
  For a long time, it was the Maelstrom, which was this crazy adventure  with trolls and warriors and inexplicable oil barracks  shooting fire that I'm very fond of.
  And yes, they switched it out to be about Frozen.
  Frozen is not set in Norway.
  If you haven't seen Frozen, Frozen is set in Arendelle, correct?  Yes.
 So, yeah, it's a straight.
  There is a vibe to the film that is like it can hold hands with Norway  and with the vibe of the pavilion that was there already and with the exterior.
  But it's yeah, it's it's a little odd.
  It is definitely not a movie set in Norway.
  Yeah, it's they're both snowy places,  which I guess is maybe the justification.
  I mean, obviously, the justification is put the movie stuff in  because people are going to come and want to go on a movie ride.
  And they loosely lose like I guess Ratatouille works better  because that actually happened in France.
  But still, yes, it was Jason was saying it's away from the original up.
  But this is are we sure?  Wait, are we sure that Arendelle is not in Norway?  Isn't Arendelle made up?  Because I think you can make up a city.
  I mean, because all I'm thinking of is like all the stuff I've written about  when they reopened that and they reopened like the Royal Summer Hoos,  which I think is what they call the meet and greet.
  They like they they went on like trips to Norway to source inspiration.
  And I'm kind of like if they sourced it directly from Norway  and it inspires also and matches what the film is, then is Arendelle?  Well, it's I'm seeing it says it's Norwegian inspired.
  OK, Dale.
 So there's a town called Arendelle, apparently.
  OK, OK.
 So, yes, close to that.
  It's close.
 Yeah.
  That justifies it a little better, I would say this.
  So, yeah, I think so.
  But yes, it's going to be hard for Maelstrom not to come into this conversation.
  But we've been doing a few things recently, classic Epcot stuff.
  And Epcot is not this anymore.
  We have to let it we have to let it go.
  I didn't mean to say I swear to God.
  I'm so sorry.
 Fuck off.
  So sorry.
 Let me have it, Jason.
 Come on.
  No, I.
 Youth pastor.
  I'm a cool, youthful youth pastor.
  But like that's like the deal is like it's just going to be movies and TV now at Epcot.
  And I don't love it.
 It's not my choice.
  I wish all these rides were like original.
  I wish they they can replace  Universe of Energy with a roller coaster.
  I wish it was some original nonsense, scary IP  that children would be terrified of and it would confuse people.
  That's what I would prefer than Guardians of the Galaxy.
  But that's not the world we're living in.
  So I'm going to try I'm trying to just judge frozen based on like,  this is the reality.
  How good of a job did they do?  And I think they did a great job.
  I honestly, this is one of my favorite.
  There we have it.
  Favorite new rides.
 I love Guardians.
  I love this and that's I don't love every new thing.
  I even think there's some aspects of this.
  I like more than Rise of the Resistance.
  I'll be honest with everyone here.
  I'll lay it out real.
 Oh, that's pretty.
  Yeah.
 How about that?  How about that is it take?  Why is my name being associated with this episode?  We think you don't think like as we were.
  This came up before.
  I'm going to before we get into it, I'm I'm on Team Mike  and I'm so glad I'm not going it alone here.
  Yeah, I'm with I really like it.
  I think we were just we were surprised to hear the  the counterpoint when it came up within the Living with the Land.
  So I don't but I think you got some support in Jason, seemingly.
  I'm not sure.
  I think it's two and two.
  Yeah, I think that's the reason.
  Are you going to get ready?  One of your famous catchphrases about disagreeing with me.
  Any different points that are counter to other points?  I, you know, I just you're not.
  I think I just I just.
  Wild up enough to yell at me today.
 Come on.
  I I'm a little sleep.
  I've been drinking strong black tea to try and get angry or get myself up a little.
  Get angry.
 Counterpoint here.
  No, I just think it continues the tradition of inserting characters  into Epcot in a way that is kind of cheap, like the seas  with Nemo and friends like that little Lion King environmental movie.
  Oh, but that's a movie.
  That's like a let's have the TV studio crank out a thing.
  I think this is a more successful grander thing.
  But that was the first that was the first.
  Yeah, it was more successful than that, but that was the very first like, all right.
  Let's get the movie characters into and like that's cited as the first.
  So I think I it doesn't.
  I think a lot of stuff in this ride doesn't make sense with their own concept.
  Of the storyline of the ride doesn't make sense of like it's it.
  Hey, everyone, it's a festival celebrating the anniversary of like  the events of the movie summer festival.
  And when we say, yes, it's a summer festival that takes place  at the dark of night, three o'clock in the morning.
  It's pitch black out.
  When we say festival, there's no one celebrate.
  There's two princesses.
  There's a hunky dumb guy and there's this nasty little creep snowman hanging out.
  And that's kind of it.
  There's not really any villagers around  and they just kind of stand around.
  There's something called Snogies.
  I don't want to.
 I don't know.
  I don't know how to touch that one.
  That sounds weird to me.
  It's just strange.
  It's very much you can tell it's just crammed into the track of Maelstrom.
  It's very short.
  And it's just like we're just trying to shove the movie.
  I feel short to me.
 I don't think it's a little bit.
 Yeah.
  And that would be then you could just say then Maelstrom's even shorter,  if that's the argument.
  Yes.
 And five minutes saying if you think it's short and it's five minutes,  which I think is a decent amount of time for a dark ride,  I think that speaks to how nicely it moves through.
  But frankly.
  OK, the one thing this ride does not do is move nicely.
  I think that's that's pretty proven.
  I have never not hurt my back at the switch track.
  So, I mean, I'm just going to start there.
  That is not a comfortable ride.
  This is that's isn't that a Maelstrom problem, too?  Although you're so you I think you do have to pin that one on the bones  that are there.
  Because if you're taking the time and the money to redo a ride  and if you don't fix that, that's on you.
  That's interesting.
 That came up last year as well.
  And I had never really found that it's obviously very jerky.
  It's not like you can tell it's not a new system they installed.
  Oh, my God.
 But it never I mean, like,  I get much more rattle on Space Mountain in Florida  than I do on that boat for whatever reason.
  So I had actually never noticed.
  It's like a bumper car.
  You're like hitting a wall and then moving and then backing up.
  And it's like, oh, like it's just never stop.
  It's so uncomfortable.
  It's interesting.
  I mean, that's one of those like accidental thrills  that happen on older rides like Space Mountain.
  Florida is rattling you around like you're in the middle of an earthquake.
  And like pirates now have bumpers on each side of the boats in at least here.
  I can't remember in Florida, like where you just smash into other boats,  which is not part of the ride, but now has become a part of the ride  where you're having bumper cars now on the way.
  So these are like accidental thrills.
  I guess that is that a good way?  Is there a better way we can phrase?  Thrills is a little strong.
  I don't know if I'm thrilled, which I think is I think that's so optimistic  because for me, I'm like, this is where in 10 years I will injure myself.
 Huh?  Yeah, like surprise, surprise bump, surprise, accidental trauma.
  I don't know.
 We'll have to work on.
  We'll have to workshop this.
  Carly, let me get your philosophy.
  Do you care that Epcot is moving away from its complicated  bizarreness to just being characters from?  OK, so I might be on a team of my own,  but I feel like for the thing I love to continue to exist, this must happen.
  Yeah, because I love Epcot.
  But like you can't run on this stuff  for this long when Disney is the company it is.
  Like it's just inevitable.
  And it breaks my heart every single time.
  It's like everything, you know, is now changed and gone.
  But I think it's necessary.
  And I think that there are good ways of introducing IP.
  And I think there are bad ways.
  And with Frozen, I actually think that they deserved their own ride.
  I don't think it should have been overlaid on this boat ride.
  I think they should have built an entirely newly constructed attraction.
  And I'm frankly shocked they did it because like it  there was so much time between the first and second movie anyway.
  But I just think there should have been more for them.
  And Epcot, a very pro IP.
  OK, good.
 OK.
  Yeah, I think we probably all agree.
  Our preference would have been different, like fresh new ride.
  Not a real.
 Yeah.
  And I do.
 I will say, though I like Frozen after a lot.
  I think it is strange the idea that they would clone this.
  Because the plan, I think this is going into kind of everywhere.
  Hong Kong, not Hong Kong.
  So Hong Kong, if they have two attractions, it is.
  I can't remember, but they have a Matterhorn style bobsled coaster.
  Oh, gee.
 Yeah.
  And I saw a model of it when I was on  an Adventures by Disney trip as like a regular citizen.
  I was reporting on it, but it was in a group of regular people.
  And so they showed us this model because people on vacation wouldn't be like  trying to memorize every detail.
  And it's like a full blown mountain coaster.
 It looks incredible.
  And so like we we could have in some world had that,  which would have been amazing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Does does sound better.
  Definitely sounds better.
  I would say.
 So where is getting a Paris, Tokyo, I believe,  which I feel like, yeah.
  Well, now that you've done the one with the blueprint of the old attraction,  now you got some time to actually get it right.
  I though I like what they did here.
  I would not say do Frozen Ever After again.
  Yeah.
 People can will be able to get their backs destroyed  by the bobsled Esk-Matterhorn track, as opposed to the  aging Frozen Ever After.
  Did you feel the back thing, too?  Or are you applying that? No, Carly has said it.
  Were you on that ride last year and like, oh, my back.
  The matter of the frozen.
  Did Frozen hurt your back?  I don't I don't remember.
  I do remember the switch feeling rougher than it used to,  which might have been because the it feels like they walled off.
  I believe they did.
 They wall off.
  Am I misremembering this?  Because you used to be able to see the boat from outside of Maelstrom.
  That's correct.
 Yeah, it is fully indoors now.
  Yeah, it's fully indoors.
  So that was likely maybe some adjustments there to shorten  the backing up and the switching.
  I remember that part being very jarring.
  OK, Matterhorn is on that list, too, of accidental trauma or surprise trauma.
  Yeah, I mean, that one hurts me, but at least it's worth it.
  Like, you know, you're like on a thrill ride.
  It fits the theme.
  This is like I'm pulling up to a poorly contoured princess singing to me.
  Like, I shouldn't be in pain right now.
  Hmm.
 I feel like you were already upset and then just that was like  insult to injury on the switch.
 Yes.
  That's sort of what it's more about.
  Because I've been wrecked on the Matterhorn,  depending on what seat and which track.
  One track is rougher than the other, and I forget which one is.
  You know what's a rough one also?  I don't know if you talked about the very end of the Incredicoaster.
  That like when you skid into the station.
  I'm not sure why that's so.
  I would say that it hurts me, but every time I'm like, I really have to brace for it.
  Like that's like more of a thing now to brace for than anything that happens.
  I can't believe college age people are going to listen to this and be like,  how old are these old people?  There's no college age people listening.
 Don't worry.
  The well, the worst I got when we were in Florida  was I went on test track and they started to  move the car about like three feet forward.
  And they realized someone's seatbelt wasn't done all the way.
  And they slammed the brake.
  And I just got like, it felt like I hit a wall.
  And I was still like a whole ride going like, oh, my God.
 Yeah.
  We weren't going to start going full speed.
  Why did they stop that? So then again.
  And then that ride has not gotten smoother with time.
  That does fit the theme.
  That does fit the theme.
 Yeah.
  But it was startling to break that,  break that hard in the span of like five.
  Yeah, it's we have some we have some upkeep concerns.
 Yes.
  But yeah, I think it is.
  How do you feel going into this?  How do you were you like, were you were was your was your mind?  Were you open to frozen before going on at the first time?  Well, I think that the best place to start is at the queue  because I'm actually a huge fan of the queue.
  I think they did a fantastic job.
  I think that they made a very pleasant indoor space.
  And unlike some other queues, it doesn't feel long.
  Like they constructed it with the switchbacks  so you don't feel like you're waiting as long as you actually are,  which I'm a fan of.
  I love the wandering oak and sauna part.
  I think that's adorable.
  I think they they killed it in that respect.
  It's a line that I would maybe not hate to wait in.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, I like that, especially I don't know what you call it.
  That is, did you the big area right before you get on the ride  where it's like is that the switch where there's like eight different rows  and you keep going back in and out, then you go in the little cabin.
 Yeah.
  Then I was going to meeting the meeting point.
  I should I should really know this.
  I apologize to any meeting point fans out there.
  Or any of us into frozen or any of us particular fans of the franchise?  Yeah, really.
  I think I saw it around when it came out.
  Maybe like these go to movies like the last screening  at the Arclight on Black Friday's.
  And I think that was that year is like Thanksgiving release.
  And I saw it and thought about it for like a week  and then didn't really think about it again for a while.
  It certainly became ubiquitous very quickly, but it was it was kind of  like I said in the previous episode, like Finding Nemo, like, OK, yeah.
  Got it.
 Yeah.
  The Nemo much more visually beautiful.
  Yeah, I mean, I saw Frozen.
  I liked it fine, which is why I think I really like when I got off this ride.
  I was like, oh, that was really good.
 I really, really like that.
  Why I felt like it was really because I had no strong affection for the actual movie.
  It felt like so it felt like earned to you  because it wasn't just inherently I'm going to see these characters  and then I'm going to feel something like it was the ride doing it.
  The ride did it.
 Yes, exactly.
  Because like Little Mermaid, I think we talked about this on the last episode.
  Little Mermaid, which I think we have all have some problems with this movie.
  I like a lot better.
  I like the songs better, obviously, and it's also been with me  for like 30 years or so.
  And I don't know, I don't necessarily need to go on that ride a lot.
  But I love if I was I would go at go on this ride like every time.
  I would tell anybody you got to go on this and I would not say like,  oh, my God, you miss Little Mermaid.
 Oh.
  Like a big I would not be upset for them missing Little Mermaid, right?  I'd agree with that.
  Though Mermaid, we didn't mention, I think just uses the clamshells  from the Nemo and friends, just the same rights really.
  Is it just the same clamshell vehicle?  So if you got a clam shape for now, any mover might as well.
  You know, I were we're going orderly here and I don't want to jump a rep,  but just on the topic of like the ride or and this might tell you  this might tell you where I'm at with the whole thing.
  Yeah, I don't know whatever characters Jason mentioned.
  I don't know what they are.
 The the the the spoogees.
  I don't know what I don't know what you said.
  That was not what he said.
  I don't think it was the spoogees, but I don't know who anybody  I'm passing by characters on this like whatever.
  Who would like tell me the story again?  I don't know who those are.
  I literally have not seen frozen at all.
  So let me have not seen.
  I don't know anything about it.
  So there's nothing inherently in the IP going for me.
  Then and I'm enjoying the ride.
  And then you get to Elsa and you do the first of the switchbacks.
  You're going forward and then you kind of rotate while watching her.
  And then right at the chorus of Let It Go, you're released backwards.
  The backwards drop that is retained from the maelstrom.
  Guys, I teared up.
  I teared up at this point in the ride.
  I think it is so beautiful soaring backwards  while these like while like magic dust flies over your head, it's beautiful  screens that I don't I've never even thought to myself I like the song.
  I've probably been annoyed by the song.
  And yet just in this context, I think this is a triumph of a room.
  I think it's a fantastic sequence in a right.
  Thank you, Mike.
 Yes, I could not agree more.
  I that's I like do you want to build a snowman?  That might not even be the name of it.
  I like that.
 I like in the first time forever.
  Froze Let It Go.
  I get the people like it and I like hearing people sing it if they're excited  about it, but that's why I was always like, that's kind of like  boring, very easy chord progression, not nothing that happens.
  And I go, this is a magical this is a magical moment.
  I totally agree.
  Yeah, I I was really swept up in it.
  Can you guys not relate to this in any regard?  Do you feel nothing at that sequence of the ride?  They're they're silence, they're stunned.
  Yeah, I know they're glaring at us, Mike.
  They're mad.
 They're upset.
  He is like getting pushed backwards in a closed best  by where all the TVs are on the sampling.
  What are you talking about?  This is the same food as you grinch.
  You grouch.
 It's just screens.
  It's just screens with like just no.
  Like it's all it's just screens with this like snowflake  and half of them have the walls are not decorated.
  You like things with screens and you wouldn't you wouldn't say  just screens about rise the resistance.
  You wouldn't say just screens about guardians.
  That's the basis are these.
  That's not what we're talking about.
  We're not talking about that.
  We'll deal with the faces later.
  We're talking about the backwards drop room,  which you've compared to a Black Friday trip to Best Buy.
  No, I said it closed like it's closed like the lights  are mostly off of the Best Buy,  but the TVs are on their sampling loop.
  So you can see the circa 2015 2016 Jason.
  We were all there together in October.
  I don't remember any of this energy.
  I feel like you I mean, I don't know that you were jumping  for joy, but I don't recall you being like her room.
  This right is a I think I.
  I think I wrote it and then I went and ate dinner.
  I don't think I thought about it a lot like right after it.
  Like you sit with this stuff for a little while  and like I watched the ride throughs a couple of times.
  Carly, what are you?  What is your opinion?  I mean, I said before I came on this episode  that I didn't want it to turn into a me versus Scott situation.
  I know we're back there again.
  How it's reversed now.
  The dynamic is reversed.
  Well, which is I'm wondering if the audience will be on my side  or will they just inherently not be on my side because of me somehow?  I would go as far as to say that there are there are some portions  of the ride that I think are fabulous.
  I think they rendered Olaf so well.
  They couldn't have done a better job like Olaf looks so real.
  I think that the opening and closing scene of the attraction is very nice.
  But the exact scene you're describing, I would say,  is the worst scene of any Disney ride in existence.
  No, what are you talking about?  I have said this before.
  I have never yelled this.
  That is impossible.
  That is the worst sequence in Disney ride history ever.
  Yes.
 Let me explain.
  What do you mean?  Have you been on Armageddon in Paris?  I have been.
  I would rather be on Armageddon than in that one scene.
  What do you mean?  A scene that I tear.
  Boy, we just view the world differently.
  Apparently, the problem is, is not once you no longer see Elsa,  then just shit is over.
  You can see the the lack of budget around you.
  And like even if you painted cardboard, I'd be happy, truly.
  But once you're passing through that scene, it is like it is nothingness.
  And then there's like a bloop of fog.
  And then there is a black hallway and a black hallway.
  This came up.
 We discussed this.
  It is literally no theming.
  There's no there's no there's no theming.
  It's not like it's themed poorly.
  There is no theming.
  They didn't even put anything there.
  They didn't put a snowflake.
  They didn't put a little icicle.
 There's nothing.
  And so it is so egregious to me to be like, here is the most advanced  at the time on you animatronic we've ever made.
  As you pull away to nothingness.
  Now, you yeah, you mentioned this in the Living of the Land episode.
  I was not I didn't even clock that there was this unthemed room.
  Now I watch the the the writers and I can't unsee it.
  And yeah, you're in black first.
  But I swear to God, you're in there for three seconds.
  I'm not excusing it.
  But also I honestly was wrapped up in the emotion of what came before enough  that it did not occur to me.
  It just I did not even register this room, which I guess just indicates  that it didn't sweep you up the same way.
  I think it's like a cave.
  It's like pirates on the way down.
  You're in some sort of a cave.
 It's spooky.
  There's messed.
  It doesn't need to have like something there.
  That's my feeling about it.
  I don't think it is the only undressed.
  It's not the only like room of blackness like Indiana Jones has,  you know, and that's not to say that, you know, like they should probably fill in  the Indiana Jones blacknesses.
  So Indiana Jones has like the dull light bulb problem  that a lot of movie theaters do, too.
  Some of those projection things would be served by switching out  the bulbs a little more in Indiana Jones.
  But I just this doesn't I'm just now I'm just trying to think of counter examples.
  There's not one part of Ellen's energy adventure  that is worse to you than the backwards drop on on frozen ever after.
  I just to me, like when you really look at it, it's like this is a proof  like this is a proven franchise.
  This is a movie that everyone who's like the target age of children  and families when it came out, like this is the Disney audience.
  This is who they need to sell this ride to.
  And the fact that there is a scene where there is nothing like  notably nothing to me infuriates me.
  I can't even enjoy it.
  It just upsets me so much that there's just nothing.
  There's there's just nothing.
  But it erases what comes before it erases.
  If we're taking just the drop, like like let's let's let's just  and maybe you can't because it's one big sequence.
  But like the drop is no avoid to you  because there's darkness for four or five seconds.
  OK, I think I will add this.
  I realized in thinking about this ride today, I think  I don't like to go backwards on a non coaster.
  OK, I think that's part of it is that like you  you want your eyes to be leading you.
  And when you move backwards, it's not the same experience  and you can't take it in the same way.
  Mm hmm.
  I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, if you have an issue with with just backwards  moments, then yeah, this isn't going to score for you.
  I think it's cool.
  I hear what you're saying.
  And once you're past, once you can't see the Elsa animatronic,  then you're kind of looking at screens playing animation.
  But I really like just the way she like trails up  into the background for a while.
  I like having like I can't picture a sequence like that where you are  focused on something and it gets smaller and smaller.
  And I feel like most drop rides, there isn't really a thing to focus on.
  I think that's just an interesting POV and perspective,  like kind of a cool like camera angle.
  It's like a big like, you know, jib out or something.
  I mean, I'll clarify that part.
  I think is fine.
  It's the second she's gone game over.
  Sure.
 OK, OK.
  I still I feel like I got to get you on.
  What is the there's got to be a worse sequence in a in a traction.
  Nemo subs like this is a very big fan.
  The whole thing is like sort of boring to me.
  You have to say something on that is worse than this.
  I mean, I'm just, you know, choking on my fear when I'm on that,  because I'm like, what is the fire escape situation?  Oh, sure.
 It's just like the reason I say that it's the worst  is because it's a new build.
  Like they did this a few years ago.
  Just a few years ago, like they could have done anything.
 Sure.
  Yeah, this is the same line of logic as Fast and the Furious Supercharge.
  I'm not saying these equivalents, I'm saying these are their big  both respective studios, biggest, biggest properties.
  And they both just like slam their foot in a door like on the guest is not.
  That's not to the same extent.
  But it's like this ride is very popular.
  And that's that right.
  Yeah, Fast and Furious is very disliked.
  Frozen Ever After is not.
  I think that's like just pure numbers wise.
  And that's not we can't we won't always point to that as something being successful.
  But like, do you do you guys feel general guest  dissatisfaction with this attraction, or do you think that it's your guys  in particular taste?  I think it's just me in particular.
  It's from what I understand, people really enjoy it.
  I went on it with my friends' kids and I feel like the older one was like,  their faces are weird, but that like otherwise they really enjoyed it.
  And I will go on it mostly just to try to understand  because I have like I've been arguing about this ride with my friend  Todd Martens, who reports on Disney for the LA Times.
  He loves Frozen.
 He loves this ride.
  We have gotten into very public fights about this attraction.
  And I go on it specifically to text him and be like, I'm trying.
  Like, I am trying to understand.
  And I think parts of it are great.
  But I can't lose my critical eye, I suppose, when I'm on this one,  because just the that hallway is so egregious to me.
  It feels like an elementary school when people would like put on a haunted house.
  Like, that's what that is to me.
  And I can't I can't get over it.
  No beautiful Olaf audio animatronic can outdo that for me.
  When you when you brought this, because I was recalling this black room  discussion, this had come up and I was I think I had the the the inverse of this.
  I was watching right there and I was trying to dislike it.
  I was like, OK, will I be as mad as Carly about this room?  And I swear I'm watching the right there is and like, yeah, but you're out of there.
  You're out of there.
  And like what I mean, I have to time it out.
  I don't want to like exaggerate that it's four seconds.
  But in my head is for it is no more than eight seconds, I believe.
  Maybe we can do the actual count.
  But is this so crazy?  It takes you eight seconds to go and get like a Kleenex to wipe the tears away.
  For God's sake.
 You know, I didn't notice it either.
  I'm coming down.
  I'm coming down from the emotion of the drop.
  Only this only this in Sinbad in Tokyo  in my adult years have made me a little emotional.
 Wow.
  The emotional boat rides.
  You're 30 full ass crying at this ride when you don't even know the movie.
  Like, what is it? What is it about it?  I well, I think it is how well they they pulled up.
  You know, I get  I think it's the theme park love coming through.
  And I think I will I think I will tear up at amazing work by Imagineers,  which I believe that this is I think when there is like I think when  when technology comes together,  I think, you know, what else is another aspect of it is that I, as I said,  love Maelstrom, really love Maelstrom.
  I would have been mad if I didn't like what replaced the Maelstrom.
  And I feel like they used the bones of a great ride and they did.
  They they plus it up and did something really wonderful with it.
  I feel like, am I passionate about the trolls and into the bog?  Of course I am.
  But I think I'm also passionate about the type of ride.
  I think it is a really inventive.
  Into the bog.
 What's that?  Over the falls, not into the bog.
  I thought they say into the bog.
  Into the bog? What is it, Mike?  It's a good question.
  I thought it was back back over the falls.
  Yeah, well, I guess how passionate I get it wrong.
  I but I, you know, yeah, look, I love the trolls, whatever they're saying.
  I love but what was I saying?  Oh, I just think that I like that it's a ride that still has the things  that I like about the Maelstrom.
  I think that the switchbacks are really innovative.
  I think it's it's very unexpected.
  I love like rotating around a figure, whether it's a three headed troll or Elsa.
  I think it's really innovative and neat that they did.
  They took a drop, which should be scary, but they made it  this emotional.
  I don't know what other word to use.
  Yeah.
 Uplifting despite going down.
  What's that? Triumphant.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Similar to Guardians becoming a fun laughing ride  from what was a scary drop ride.
  I think it's a similar like cool  imaginary feat to like give this a different mood that this type of ride  shouldn't have.
  I agree with that.
  Yeah, I see where you're coming from.
  And I do like parts of the ride.
  I don't want anyone to think that because if they catch me on this,  I don't want them to think they're like, I hate it.
  But I think that there are certain portions that I think are fabulous,  certain portions that I think are a sad excuse for a theme park ride.
  And then some areas live in the middle.
 Right.
  You want if we want to flip to since I was just passionately monologuing  about what I what I like about that sequence, I'll give everybody this.
  The the the figures are odd.
  I think there might be some general agreement that the the way  the animatronics faces look is a little strange.
  It wasn't enough of a strike for me, but I I don't disagree with that point.
  They have Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster face.
  Mm hmm.
 Mm hmm.
  I'd like faces and it.
  Yeah, it's correct me if I'm wrong, but these are these were the first  fully electronic animatronics.
  And the other thing to note is the facial the face projections  are coming from inside the head.
  I think that is right.
  And as opposed to, let's say, the the bell from Beauty and the Beast,  the new Beauty and the Beast attraction in Disney, see, which is all just  like practical, right? Yeah.
  This is the same sort of  face projection that's in Seven Dwarfs monitoring.
 Yeah, right, right.
  And another a ride, I think I like more, but I'm like,  oh, I'm not waiting that you like Seven Dwarfs like more than this.
  I think so, because it's a roller coaster.
  I like that right.
  I don't know.
 I sort of lacking in my mind.
  I find the animatronics in both unnerving this sort of face projection.
  That's true.
 I find it both kind of this generation of animatronic.
  I think they were trying this out and it does it is obviously now  if we're seeing what they're doing in Tokyo and I guess on Rise of the Resistance,  like I think they're backing away fully from just fully  digital face because it's a little odd.
  And it also like doesn't seem to match the color of their skin.
  It does look like they all have.
  I'm trying to think of five o'clock shadow, like everybody's got like a weird.
  They're very light and then very dark around the side.
  Like they all have Lincoln Beards, like light Lincoln Beards.
  And then back to a bright neck.
 Yes.
  So that's really yeah, that's the only major thing I would complain about,  I think, is that those faces are odd.
  And depending on how you look at them, you feel like maybe the robot  is going to come to life and kill you or.
  There is a very funny video online of an Elsa.
  I have it, I have it, I have it.
  You want to see it?  I haven't seen it yet.
  Yeah.
 OK, hold on.
  Is this the one where the people are like laughing and screaming?  Sure.
 Here, I'll show you if this is what you're talking about.
  The ring girl come out of her face.
  So she is just like waving her hand a little bit and no music's playing.
  She's doing the Trump hand.
  She's doing the Trump animatronic hands.
  The accordion.
  The song does not like play triumphantly.
  Yeah, the screens aren't really going, are they?  What happened here?  Something happened.
  We'll post the will retweet that and you can see it.
  Yes.
 So maybe I haven't been in a theme park in a very long time  because I watched that and was like, this is a bit.
  Oh, we would be thrilled to get like lazy Elsa on a ride at that point.
  You'd be like, oh, my God, it's like a walk off at that point.
  Yeah.
 To get like a like a lazy Elsa.
  You can turn off half their animatronics when we come back.
  I won't care.
  I whatever whatever you got to do.
  Honestly, more plants wearing sombreros like brought me so much joy.
  I'll take it anywhere.
  Oh, yeah, this is so we haven't talked about this on the show.
  How on the three caballeros boat ride that Donald broke  and now there seems to be an in memoriam for you know that it's the three caballeros.
  So there's no way around it.
  You do you like there's three, we know the count.
  And then when only two characters show up next to a wait,  it is a cactus with a sombrero.
  It was I believe it was first a plant and then it was a plant with a sombrero.
  And I wouldn't even call it like it was like a wooden stake with vines.
  So like not even a full blown plant.
  And then it was gone.
  And I have to assume it was gone because they just got their asses  handed to them for putting sombrero on leaves, which like  how could you not?  They fired like 90 percent of the imagineers at this point.
  So like the one imagineer that's still around was like, I don't know,  just put some bro on a cat.
  I don't know.
 What are we going to do?  We don't have any budget.
  They fired everyone else.
  We we got a we got a fern backstage and we got a bunch of scrap metal  for the the water show model.
  Well, it's either a piece of scrap metal or it just to me seemed  like a black bag situation, like Donald's not working.
  You can't pretend he wasn't here because of the name.
  Just toss a black bag over it and we'll all just move on.
  And instead, they were like, let's get creative and like erected  some non plant.
  And then we're like, no one will know this.
  Let's put a sombrero on it.
  It's actually kind of cute.
  You know what? Maybe it's better than what was there.
  What do we know? Like today, what is it right now?  Now there's nothing as far as I got rid of it.
  Yeah.
 Got it.
  That's very your Donald's voice doing nothing.
  Like his ghostly voice.
  Sure, they should have like badly dubbed  somebody's voice over being like, OK, I can't do we can't wait.
  We can't do Donald's voice.
  We've tried a million times on the show.
  So I don't know if I should even try again, but it should be like a guy  going, oh, I was turned into a cactus.
  Like there could be a little bit of explanation.
  Like somebody's wish turned me into a cactus.
  Oh, that was another you've done the subtitle.
  How do you say now?  Now say I was turned into a cactus.
  Sounds like you're dying.
  You got it.
 You guys want to try?  No, I was turned into a cactus.
  Currently.
  Uh, what's the opposite of viral when people just attack you?  Because that's what I am on TikTok right now, because I said that  Donald Duck was mean.
  So I that's right.
  Oh, you're in the middle of the thing.
  I sort of caught this.
  What happened? I can't even open TikTok because my entire feed  is teenagers screaming at me for a full week now.
  We are having a real living with the land situation.
  Yes, I am.
  And I didn't even get any cereal out of it.
  Is this you?  You were like you were.
  I don't remember what I don't know.
  I don't know if I even know what you said, but you were like your joke.
  It was one of those situations where people don't  comprehend jokes on social media.
  Sometimes they just view things as factual or not.
  So like also, they're just mad at your statement.
  He is mean.
  And then so the first wave of I did like I was I didn't do anything over Christmas.
  I sat in my house.
 I did nothing.
  And I was like, I guess it's time for TikTok.
  I'm bored.
 And then made one that's like, what's your most unpopular opinion?  Because it's my opinion that he's mean.
  And then I got a wave of people yelling at me that he's mean  because he's like a war vet and because of PTSD.
  And then like, I don't support our troops.
  What? Yeah, that was the first wave of it.
  Then I happened to be friendly with the guy who voices  Donald Duck in the newer cartoons.
  I met him at a party last year.
  And so he's big on TikTok.
  And he was like, I'm going to make one.
 Is it OK?  And I'm like, do whatever you want.
  And so he made one like in good fun.
  And even in the comments was like, please don't bully her.
  And that didn't stop anyone.
  So it's his is like him crying and reaction.
  And then there's this other TikTok account called Donald Duck with two C's.
  And I feel very old because I don't know who this is.
  It is a Donald Duck stuffed animal that just screams.
  I don't know.
 He has like nine million followers or something.
  And he found it and he reposted it.
  And since then, it has just been hell, hell, hell.
  Look, Donald has PTSD and depression from dropping both Batman and Little Boy.
  OK, he pressed the button both times.
  He firebombed Dresden, you know, he's still he's doing his best.
  Using like the war cartoons as canon to prove that Donald Duck is  Donald Duck was mean before he went to war.
  I don't know.
 I mean, I've been sweating since I said this one scene was bad,  because now I'm like, if the teens find out, what are they going to do to me this time?  Oh, my God.
  This is we got we brought up Donald.
  Without even realizing we're walking into it.
  But they didn't deny that Donald is mean.
  They're just justifying that his meanness is for a reason.
  They're like, they're they're mad.
  Huh, did they think that he's a veteran because he always wears a sailor suit?  Do they think he was in the Navy before he met Mickey?  I don't know.
 I don't know much about him, except that he always feels like a very  negative presence in the cartoon and he takes away from Goofy's time.
  So that's where I am.
  Yes.
 Boy, huh?  Donald is mean and negative.
  You mean the point of Donald?  You mean why Donald is funny?  There were this is like Goofy's kind of dumb.
  Oh, how dare you?  He wasn't he wasn't educated properly.
  He's like he's always frustrated.
  And that's why it's funny to watch them like mess with him.
  Like Mr.
 Duck steps out, which is my favorite Donald short.
  He's trying to hook up with Daisy and the nephews just keep screwing with him.
  And he gets furious and it's so funny.
  Like, that's his whole point.
  He does not he's not helpful when Mickey and Goofy are trying to get the ghost  or rescue Mickey's trailer when it's wildly out of control.
  You know, he's not not the best.
  Is this the certain subsect of the Internet that it's like books  should have a sticker on the front that tells you if there's a happy ending or not?  Like, OK, I don't know.
  I don't understand the zoomer experience.
  I don't know.
  That's what that's like.
  That's like why a that sounds like a Tucker Carlson segment.
  That's a dark Carlson segment that you're already writing there.
  Oh, Ariel Pink's new manager.
  Yeah, I feel like I've praised Ariel Pink before on the show.
  Oh, no, I like the music before I knew he was a conservative maniac.
  I didn't know.
  We know he had made good keyboard sound.
  It was like retro sounding and lo fi.
  Do the kids do the teens have any like are we we on this podcast  as far as Donald discourse, like we accidentally ended up  talking about Donald Seat on one episode a few years ago.
  Do they are they do they know about us?  Do the teens know about us?  And what we say?  I don't think that the seat discourse has made it to them.
  But if you made a tick tock about it, I think that the two would meld.
  Most likely.
 No, this is we should.
  Sure.
 No, no, no.
  I'm going to sign up a podcast, right?  Tick tock.
 And we should probably start seat posting.
  Yeah.
 No.
 God.
  You know, this is perfect.
  Friend of the show.
  Regular guest Marissa Strickland sent me for Christmas  a an iPhone case that has a big Donald seat on the bottom.
  Oh, let's take a look.
 Yeah.
  I you want me to go get it.
  It's in the other room.
  Yeah, go get it.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Talk amongst yourselves.
  It is like you're so interesting.
  You've really cornered the market on something and it's but I guess I don't  I mean, anytime I see Donald stuff, I'm like, that's a Donald seat.
  Like it's it's just stuck with me.
  I don't like this.
  If this is one of these.
  All right.
 Just like the vacation club points episode.
  This if there is this tick tock that happens and there is something called seat  posting, this is Scott Free.
  This is a new brand within podcast.
  The ride.
 What was that?  I said not shit posting.
  It's seat posting.
  Seat posting.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's not part of the seat posting.
  I'm not on this tick tock.
  It's all because I accidentally called like called Donald's butt his ass once.
  And then I would like immediately was ashamed of myself.
  And then tried to knock it back down to a cute, harmless version of it.
  We should be more ashamed of seat.
  This is where the.
 Oh, that.
  And then we all waited for Jason to bring this this phone case.
  It's great.
 Yeah, it's very good.
  Any huge.
 It is huge.
  No, it's not at all practical.
  It's very cute, though.
  And Donald Duck also has a great John Hancock.
  Great signature.
  If you can see.
 Oh, yeah.
  Very dignified.
  That addition to his.
  I like it.
 See.
  All right.
 Enjoy your tick tock.
  Enjoy knowing.
  Enjoy chasing your teen audience.
  We have fun, fellas.
  We need the teens need to listen.
  We need to get youthful.
  I just said we have no college audience and we should have no teen audience.
  We're going to keep it.
  You don't have young listeners.
 I just assumed we do.
  We do.
 With those jokes out of Carlson, please.
  Wait, what these jokes about William Frawley from I Love Lucy?  They're going wild for this discussion about both Jack Benny.
  And I don't know what have I talked about?  I don't know.
  Coon, Nelson, Frank, Nelson, Steel, his bit being stolen by Gail Gordon.
  Teens are doing the whip and the nae nae while they read Lee Child's  Jack Reacher series.
  This guy told this story on Tick Tock about how people used to bring  citrus fruits back from vacation.
  It's so viral.
  Bring it back.
  It's called it's called Nelsoning.
  It's when you imitate classic character actor Frank Nelson on Tick Tock.
  Yes.
 These guys are great.
  They talk.
 They do seat posting.
  They talk.
 They do Nelsoning.
  And then every third tick tock is like, so like I'm youthful, right?  Like, I'm youthful enough, aren't I?  I mean, like, I'll wear like a hat like I'm youthful, right?  Fruity Pebbles.
 And look how I'm dressed.
  That's going to be my pretty bubbles is what kicks you down.
  How does Fruity Pebbles make you?  Well, Fruity Pebbles is is celebrating an anniversary.
  I just saw.
  And I can't remember if it's 30 years or 40 or paper.
  Paper, gold, silver.
  I got to look it up.
 Fruity Pebbles.
  I just saw this is a big anniversary.
  And I really want to celebrate.
  They do.
 They do seat posting.
 They do Nelsoning.
  They make each other wait for Fruity Pebbles facts on their podcast.
  Wow.
 Pebbles 50th birthday.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  So happy birthday to Fruity Pebbles and Cocoa Pebbles.
  How about that?  So the first tick tock will be happy birthday, Fruity Pebbles,  and then just lots of zooming into Donald's seat.
  Yeah.
 Well, Jason, you name the new song.
  Name the current song that plays.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, what's what's the big?  Dua Lipa.
 Dua Lipa.
  Doja Cat.
 Doja Cat.
  Yeah, doja cat.
 Yeah, those those.
  Yeah, Dua Lipa was just on SNL and she had a new song out.
  There's an aria on a very out of date already.
  I think we're talking we might be.
  No, I'm just like your old thing.
  I just liked to think that we're somewhat young,  but then referencing music as what played on SNL is.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Oh, there's a.
  Wait.
 Yeah, that that's maybe not the good litmus is it? Yes.
  Yeah, maybe the cool music is not at that point.
  Yeah, I thought I was cool for saying I liked Ariel Pink.
  You were cool in 2008 and now you're a right wing.
  Yeah.
 Apologist.
  Big mistake.
  All right.
 Here's what I will say.
  I again, a frozen movie.
  Fine.
 Whatever.
 I like a few of the songs.
  As soon as I start on this ride, I feel very comfortable.
  I feel comforted and I feel like all these characters are my friends.
  You know, I've talked a lot about this.
  What I like on rides is to feel the presence of the characters.
  I like Optimus Prime telling me he's proud of me.
  I my favorite part of Rise of the Resistance is the Lieutenant Beck part.
  I want to go up to that animatronic while he's like  shouting out commands at nine numb.
  That's my favorite part of Rise of the Resistance.
  And I like Rise of the Resistance fine.
  But there's not a lot of good face time with characters  and especially characters that I find warm and friendly and familiar.
  Like Finn is way far away.
  Ray isn't even on the ride.
  This is not a lot of human characters.
  So I'm immediately unfrozen.
  The music is blasting, which I love.
  I feel like some rides don't blast music.
  They're blasting this music.
  It feels very magical.
  And I'm so close to all of these robots on like in the same way you are  on like a classic Disneyland dark ride that I immediately feel good.
  I immediately have a good feeling that I'm in the presence of all my friends.
  Now I wish they said they were proud of me, but this is just as almost just as good.
  And I think that kind of leads up to it.
  What Scott is describing is that magical moment with the let it go room to lead me  into feeling really good when I'm on this ride, it feels good.
  And I think it's partly also because Malstrom, they had to work within like a  certain limitation and Malstrom is narrow.
  It's a very small ride.
  It's a very it's got narrow corridors.
  And I think that helps because even if the scenes are a little spare, I'm still  like making eye contact with Olaf and he's talking to me and I don't even have  that much affection for him outside.
  And we haven't even done the Olaf voice yet on this episode.
  So that can change.
  We can keep doing it, can't we?  There might, you know, I think we've only danced around it, but I might as well,  again, to say what I think is successful about this.
  It got it.
 I I like the ride despite not really knowing Frozen.
  Some of the things that I've said over the many episodes might imply that I'm not  the biggest fan of the work of Josh Gadd.
  I will stop it there.
  I'm glad he's reuniting all the cast.
  It's uplifted my spirits throughout this trying time.
  But so I think it should say something that yet, despite me kind of feeling that way,  when Olaf kind of leans around the corner like that look he has, like you're here.
  I it I don't know.
  It still gets to me.
  There is a lot of character in that robot.
  It's fantastic.
 He skates.
  He's looking at you.
  It's like I like I like Olaf.
  I like Mater.
 I like Olaf.
  And those are movies that I don't love, but I get it.
  And I understand and I think as a kid, I would have really liked those characters.
  But Olaf is is really good.
  I mean, he's the first one I think it talks to you, right?  So that's he immediately is what I'm describing is like feeling comfortable  and feeling like I'm among my friends.
  Mm hmm.
 So it covers a lot of ground.
  He he's sort of of this school with the rocket animatronic.
  We're like, boy, this is just a long sequence that this  animatronic has to do.
  And like you really follow him for a while.
  I think it's impressive.
  It feels like they've perfected short nonhuman robots.
  Yeah, they're like more of these.
  What's that? Are there any more of these?  What else? Short nonhuman?  BB8.
 But he's kind of the reindeer.
  What's Sven Sven is the reindeer, I believe.
  He's that was real good.
  He's really good.
 I mean, those those animatronics, I'm right there with you.
  I agree with this side that they're those are fantastic  because it feels like the movie came to life, which is all you want.
  As much as they like, you know, have to make some cockamamie story  that isn't the exact plot of the movie, but still hits all the same movie points.
  Like the you get you get what you want out of it.
  You get to see all off in real life.
  And that's magical.
  And that's I think that part is so good.
  That's why I get so mad about the other parts.
 Yeah, it's.
  He's obviously like he's on another level from the human characters.
  But I think he does so much heavy lifting that I don't even  especially the first time I wrote it.
  Like I didn't even I didn't even really clock that I had a problem  with the faces the first time.
  I was just like, holy shit, when am I going to get to see Olaf again?  My favorite character in fiction, Olaf, like that immediately.
  He seduced Olaf seduces me on the ride in a way he does not in real life.
  And I like him fine in real life.
  Olaf seduces me on the ride.
  Quote Mike Carlson, what's weird about that pastor, Mike Carlson.
  I think it sounds normal, honestly.
  Did I really is this an anti Josh Gad podcast?  I don't know.
  I don't want to go putting that in anyone's anyone's mouth.
  I feel like I missed I missed an episode where this was discussed.
  We've just we've just done a voice, you know, it's not to my benefit  to go on and on about this.
  This never really, truly enjoyed a film.
  Maybe it's the writing.
  Maybe it's great Book of Mormon.
  Great Olaf.
 Great.
  I think I never saw him do Book of Mormon, which I'm sure was fantastic.
  Did nobody watch the comedians?  I did not see the comedians.
  Fabulous.
 OK.
 All right.
 OK.
  Loved it.
  It also blends into my Pillsbury doughboy impression.
  It's like they're both very cloying kind of voices like nothing says love.
  It's sort of the same like needy.
  They're both needy, honestly.
  They could redress this Olaf as the Pillsbury doughboy.
  And then Jason would love  if there was a Pillsbury doughboy overlay.
  If there was a Pillsbury doughboy animatron, I would lose my shit.
  If you got to make one.
  Yeah, you can't touch him.
 There's no way they would never let us touch him.
  It couldn't be on a moving ride.
  Augmented reality.
  I think the Mario Kart is really going to.
  Take augmented reality to another.
  I hate to be real, we've had a lot of asides here.
  I heard a rumor that Mario Kart actually is a slow moving kids  dark ride, but it'll feel faster because of just the screens and the AR and stuff.
  I was under the impression it would actually move fairly fast,  but I've heard it's a slow moving children's dark ride.
  I just thought I'd let everyone know.
  What if they could pull that trick off?  I think they'd be able to trick trick us.
  They didn't trick us with fast and furious.
 No.
  Yeah, no, no.
  But I just had to recalibrate my expectations  that it wouldn't be like a Cars Land type of thing.
  Maybe it just like whips and maybe it like hits corners  in a way that feels like drifting or something.
  That's kind of the the excitement.
  Slow moving means more room for scenes, which is good.
  Yeah, I'd take because if you're just plowing through that thing.
  Yeah, how many can they fit in?  So yeah, so that's good.
  But anyway, back to Olaf skating.
  I yeah, I think that the combination of the music,  which like the pre part, like the pre do you want to build it?  Is it song called Do You Want to Build a Stone?  I don't even know the name of the song.
  Do you want to build a stone?  Yeah, that's right.
  Twinkly part of it, which again, I have no affection prior.
  But you go up, you start the ride and there's like the like  sparkly, like icicle kind of lights hanging.
  That part's fabulous.
  It's fabulous.
 Yeah.
  So yeah, love that scene.
  And then you think it's only going to be Olaf.
  And then there's like a whole other second scene within the scene.
  It's fabulous.
 Yeah.
  So I don't know.
  I I just like I don't think there's a other than maybe the unthemed  little eight seconds.
  I don't think there's a bad scene in this because I like those trolls.
  And I forget the trolls are there.
  And the trolls are like, as far as my memory of the movie,  like nothing like I don't remember those trolls in the movie.
  I was like, oh, yeah, there were trolls, I guess.
  Oh, I like the gaslighting prints and the coup d'etat attempt.
  If you list out everything that happens in Frozen, the movie, it's a mess.
  I'll tell you what I like.
  I like that chant that Nordic  the thing it's called Vuli or Vuli.
  I like that.
  I think plays on the lift hill going up.
  I always that was that that might have been the song  I remembered the most from the movie.
  I feel like every time every time Mike says something he likes,  I like this ride 20 percent more.
  I'm very persuasive.
  Just might not.
  I do like the icicle lights.
  Why am I not doing it?  I said some very impassioned things.
  Yes, because he's right.
  You aren't always like like a inappropriate touch away from a character.
  You know what I mean?  Like you're right there.
  Like you you're not supposed to reach your arm out of the boat,  but you could and you can touch them.
  They're right there.
  It's so interesting.
  It's it's really I feel like if they there's almost there's a chance,  especially in the era of building Little Mermaid, like if they built this  like Little Mermaid, you wouldn't have the intimacy of this ride.
  You would have a bigger show building and perhaps it wouldn't feel so close  quartered to the point where you would feel like like you get right  by that snow monster at the end.
  I don't even know.
  Is that is an abominable snowman?  I don't know the names of that character, but I love that giant  ice man at the end.
  And he I forget he blows steam at you.
  That part's awesome.
  The steam.
  Also, the steam is perfectly time when like the snow never bothered me anyway  and that the fog goes up.
  I think that's perfect.
  I that kind of surprised me every time, too.
  The amount of things they pack into five minutes.
  I mean, I think this is on par with like the like Peter Pan, honestly.
  OK, well, they're OK.
  I think it's that good.
  I don't know.
 And I don't again.
  No, not that much affection for the movie.
  What is the audience that I'm so curious?  Are we going to like on Earth that people have been quietly despising this ride  for a while?  Or a lot of people like it, I think.
  We'll see.
 I'm not sure.
  I think it's I do think people like I don't get the sense that people hate it,  but I am interested to see.
  I was I was I'm trying to think of the things that I was right.
  I guess right.
  That most people thought Baby Aladar was cute.
  I was wrong that I thought it would be 50 50 on people liking Mr.
  Six, the old man Six Flags mascot.
  People love Mr.
 Six.
  I was totally wrong about that.
  So I'm interested now.
  I bet it would.
 OK, here's my official guess.
  I bet like 75 percent of the audience likes this.
  I know I'm going down.
  You think it's lower? Yeah.
  No, I mean, yeah, I'm out.
  I mean, I'm out here hating the hallway and just like bypassing the beautiful Olaf.
  And people are just going to be like, shut her up.
  Well, people will feel heard, I think, in what you're saying, too.
  There will definitely be people who what you're saying resonates.
  I which is not a feeling I felt after living with the land,  where I think if we apparently if we did live in the land, that poll would be  ninety nine point four percent.
  I truly didn't know that.
  I honestly did not know the the like strong, strong affection.
  Like, did you before that argument ever came up?  What would what would you have guessed on that, Mike?  Like, would you like living with?  Yeah, that's a good question, because I hmm.
  I would have thought that people that really like living with the land  would be like.
  Fifty five or 60 percent that liked it and 40 would say like,  it's fine, but I don't there's better stuff and I've got better classic up.
  So I was a little surprised by the amount of people  that had such a strong affection for it, because I don't have such a strong  affection for it.
 I was the theme park moderate on that episode.
  No, that's right.
 Yes.
 And liked going on and would don't.
  I would like it to continue, but I'm not so looking bad.
  Men moderation won at the end of the year.
  That's true.
 Everyone just wants a nice moderate.
  Really? I want those fourteen hundred dollar checks.
  I don't want it to be more.
  I never wanted more.
 I don't want to ask for more.
  I don't want to bother.
  Whatever you can spare is fine.
  I've just been unemployed for 10 months.
  I'll take the 14.
  Now we're doing a lot.
  I think with living with the land, my perspective on it would be that  as you see these classic attractions disappear,  it's like we all have to double down to be very loud about them.
  Like you have to be like, spaceship or there's the best so that they don't  just make it like a whole Moana ride, whatever that's going to be.
  So like you got to be loud and proud about the old stuff  because they'll just pull it out of there.
  They'll just bulldoze it.
  So, you know, we got to concentrate our efforts.
 Right.
  I am.
 Let him hear you in the rafters from the rafters.
  I am optimistic about some of the character stuff coming to Epcot  because with Ratatouille and I mean, Ratatouille,  they built a whole new area and a whole new building.
  Beautiful.
 Guardians.
  Yeah, it looks the French street, the France Pavilion already.
  Very nice.
 Expanded that.
  Guardians, they just got it.
  Like kept the exterior gut at the inside, kind of not dissimilar  to what they, you know, did with Guardians and California Adventure  and starting fresh.
  And I do like those.
  And but I I I'm optimistic about that.
  And then I'm conflicted about like, you know, we talked about on the living seas,  they put in a lot of the signs back in about sea base, about the modules.
  And like the Epcot font.
  And I kind of like I like it, but I'm conflicted  because I think the phrase lack of imagination comes up.
  It's like, OK, it's kind of it's a little sad that our version of the future.
  We don't have an optimistic version of the future presented in Epcot.
  We have the future of like 40 years ago coming back around.
  That's your option for the future park is is future from 40 years ago.
  Or the characters which you can pull up on Disney Plus  on your phone and see the characters, you know.
  Yeah.
 Well, yeah.
  Yeah.
 The optimistic future, all being from 40 years ago, is why we're getting  29 new Star Wars shows.
  Yeah.
  I mean, look, I wish  I there's no I wish there was a world where like Epcot,  when they were designing Epcot, they could have figured out a way  and I think I've said this before, if it was maybe it's like putting  original characters on each ride and trying to grant to make them  so they were grandfathered in more like haunted mansion and pirates.
  Like there's a version of us being able to keep some of these original things  that I think they they didn't want to do what they were doing over  in Disneyland, in Disney World for a reason.
  But I think it's cost them in the long run.
  Because of that, like they like Figment and the Dreamfinder  were the closest thing they got to it, but even they didn't make it out  unscathed and still might not.
  But I wish I wish they could have still done their weirdo fun,  interesting, not fun, scary, interesting rides  and done it in such a way that would have made a lot more of these untouchable.
  So give Epcot more history.
 Sorry, keep going.
  Yeah, you know, like Epcot's more about  cool environments and vibes and not so much characters.
  And you might say the same thing in a way about pirates and Haunted Mansion,  except that you remember like, oh, yeah, the foot pirate  or the three guys locked in the jail or these particular ghosts.
  And that is maybe like, am I crazy that Epcot is not full of that?  Like, you know, think about like World of Motion.
  I was a big fan of World of Motion, but like, what are the characters?  That you need to save? Right.
  Horse car crash.
 Really any of them.
  I mean, I like all these rides.
  What did you say, Jason? Horse car crash?  Oh, yeah.
 Remember the big horse car crash?  Didn't that end up in Pirates or something? Didn't they move that?  Or some of the characters? They might have reused it.
  Some at Figment Jedi on Twitter sent us the concept art of  Captain Salty Hind, Captain Salty Hinder and his mackerel  that were characters originally considered for the living seas at some point.
  Yes, this was this is something like that.
  Now, this is what Mike's talking about.
  More grandfathered in good characters.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I don't know if Captain Salty  would have completely saved the seas from becoming Nemo and friends, but  there's something to it.
  I mean, there's no way you could have known, I guess,  when you were trying to do something interesting and cool that like  this stuff is going to have to go away at a certain point, because  people aren't quite as attached to it.
  The general population isn't quite as attached to it.
  But I do think some of that would have helped at least preserve it.
  And maybe that's maybe this is just maybe doesn't need to be preserved.
  I think Joe Rody was saying, like, he thinks of things and rides  and attractions and his adventurers club more like a Broadway show.
  Well, it had a 20 it had 15 year run, a 20 year run.
  So maybe that's fine.
  Maybe everything doesn't need to be run.
  Maybe everything doesn't need to be forever.
  I guess you could also say that about why we might not need 26 Star Wars shows.
  Maybe Star Wars could be over.
  It's possible we don't need it forever.
  A new thing will come that we'll like.
  Or is it possible that because the first Star Wars show everyone loves,  that that doesn't necessarily mean that you have to do all of the rest of them?  I'm not discounting that's what I'm saying is like Mandalorian.
  I think Mandalorian is worth doing clearly.
  People are apeshit for Mandalorian.
  Does that mean we're going to like all the rest of it?  Well, I'm kind of like I'm kind of like, let's be quiet,  because then maybe they'll apply that to the Muppets.
  You know what I'm saying?  Where it's like maybe we'll get 26 Muppets shows if we show enough interest.
  There will be a pattern for this.
  Yeah, we let anyone know we we want that.
  What's the what's the move as an audience?  We of course we want that.
  But how do we how do we make Disney aware?  What's the best way?  Just got to keep talking about it.
  I guess so.
 I don't know.
  The Muppets is a trick.
  The Muppets is trickier, I feel like.
  I feel like we'll get like a little bone thrown every few years  until it's been pretty much until they like sell them off to someone else.
  The Muppets is a whole nother episode, though.
  That's a whole nother discussion.
  Where is it going? Oh, before we stop,  I know the name of the guy who was the lead, the lead imagineer.
  His name was Michelle and I can't pronounce his last name, Den Dolk.
  And he is a mentee of a Mr.
  Tony Baxter.
  Mm hmm.
  And he his first project because he worked at Efteling  and he worked overseas for a while.
  And his first project was where he was, I think, lead on was Fantasy Fair  in Disneyland, which is that area over by that stage where people swing dance  and where Figaro the cat has a little animatronic outside,  which I think that was a big hit.
  That was immediately a big hit.
  Little.
 Mm hmm.
  And Tony Baxter, I was also because I remembered an old season pass  where they asked Tony about the ride and he goes, Oh, I have faith in  my mentee, essentially, because I know he knows what he's doing.
  And I'm not sure what he's I don't know if he still works for the company.
  I'm not sure what he's done or has been a lead on lately.
  But I like both of his things that I know he was in charge of.
  So, Michelle, thank you.
  Similar place making for the the Fantasy Fair and the queue.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Similar.
  What a great queue.
 Yeah.
 Great.
  You know, obviously, you know, Efteling, that's a place I've not been,  but I hear the theming is out of control.
  So in a good way.
  So kudos to this gentleman.
  Maybe this is a good  attraction to do  the not always done  plus it up, keep it, keep it or whatever it's called.
  Plus, keep it or burn it to the ground for insurance money.
  Maybe this is a thing to pose to Carly.
  How do we what what happens to this ride to make you more satisfied with it?  It's hard because when you look at it realistically,  I wish they would have gotten a Guardian style attraction.
  Like I wish they would have gotten the brand new groundbreaking, whatever,  whatever, instead of being shoehorned into a former track and ride.
  I think that they did a really good job with what they were given,  because what they were given was not normal.
  It was not like a normal just like, oh, you're just going to take over  like a random fantasyland ride.
  Like it truly there's like boat switchbacks.
  So I think they did a great job with it.
  But I would say keep it, but give them another one.
  So keep it, but give them a new one, because this ride,  there's I really don't know how you would plus it,  because you would never spend the money to just put in new Princess animatronics.
  Like that's just not worth it.
  And you can't put more oil off.
  Like there's I mean, you could fix that hallway.
  But beyond that, like there's not much you can do to plus it beyond what it is.
  So like just give them a second plot of land  and put in that thing you designed for Hong Kong.
  That's a good call.
  That's a very good like make this the Navi River journey to a  TBD flight of passage.
  Yes, I just to me, Frozen has has proven itself at this point.
  It's a huge franchise.
  People love it.
  And I assume the kids who grew up on it so strongly still like it  and still identify with it.
  So at this point, like if there's any new animated film  that deserves another ride, I think they do.
  Sure.
 Yeah, big time.
  What do we do with the hallway?  How do you fix the hallway?  That's what I want to crack it.
  Just Christmas lights.
  Like, honestly, if you just put in Christmas lights, I'd be thrilled.
  Thrilled.
 Couple candles.
  I mean, the the the icicle things at the beginning of the ride are so good,  even if you just ordered another shipment of those  and just like shoved them in the ceiling.
  Like, I think truly like any or anything that would make you feel  like you're entering more of like a mossy space, just a transition.
  And any anything.
  You know, when I also in thinking about this room before this episode,  one thing that I was like, I bet I'll have the upper hand here.
  I was going to go back into the maelstrom and then see, well,  what was that room before?  I bet it was kind of nothing before, too.
  So it's almost just exactly what the maelstrom was.
  And then I watched the ride through the maelstrom.
  And you know, it was in that space was the weird, tall, upright polar bear,  which is one of my now you talk about our IP.
  Great, I've got IP, the very stiff, like perfect posture,  bizarrely upright, begging for a treat polar bear.
  I don't know if other people are as fond of the weird, tall polar bear as me.
  But it was always like mocking me in the ride through like, oh, my God, this  this bizarre polar bear used to be in that spot where there's nothing.
  Well, I guess Carly's got me there.
 Put him back.
  But yes, it's got to be somewhere, right?  Yeah, it stresses me out in like such an existential way,  because I feel like I can't I can't praise the ride,  knowing that there's this one segment where they showed their hand.
  You know what I mean?  It's like they shoved all of the time and effort on like the cool new robot.
  But then even something where you can emerge, like it just takes you out of the whole story.
  And you could just immerse me just truly by stringing lights, stringing lights.
  Also, for me, like animate some crowd scenes.
  Like a whole premise is that the whole kingdom is celebrating this event.
  And I think by the end, there's like eight people around, you know?  So it's a little I guess you are the kingdom in theory.
  But how many people are in your boat?  You know, I think I missed the summer fest thing entirely.
  The guy that one went over my head when I went on it.
  I didn't realize that was the idea until recapping it.
  It doesn't matter.
  It doesn't matter.
 It's just a nice trip with your friends.
  You know, that's really all.
  If my plus that I would just be like, let the boat stop for 30 seconds  and have Olaf, as I said on the episode about the Fast and Furious,  Olaf comes up to the boat and like talks to me for a couple seconds  and like addresses me.
  Hey, Michael.
  Thanks for coming on my ride.
  I love that.
  And I would say, yeah, fix the faces, fix the faces,  maybe put the new heads on, put the more advanced heads on the robots  and then crank the music up even louder.
  Like, let's get it.
  Let's get it.
 Vegas, douchey Vegas, pool party club level base  going because I want to really enjoy on a ride.
  I feel like I'm rocking roller coaster.
  I want Aerosmith cranked up five more like times five decibels.
  I feel like it used to be that when I went on first when I was younger  in the 90s, I feel like they really had cranked up Aerosmith.
  And I feel like now it's not is not loud enough.
  How do you think the tick tock teens are going to feel about your love of Aerosmith?  Well, we'll see the Aerosmith.
  I guess, well, this Steven Tyler didn't know Lyft.
  Tyler was his daughter for years.
  That's kind of sus.
  Cancel Mike.
  I yeah, the teens, I'm sure, will be interested in any Aerosmith content we put out.
  As I've said before, I think I've said it at least on Twitter.
  One of the first things I want to do post vaccine is get in the pit  at Aerosmith's Deuces are Wild Las Vegas residency.
  So I am really counting on this vaccine.
  I will promise I will spend the money.
  It's too much money.
  My one my one concern is that they have not been putting jaded in the set  lists that I've seen online, which is the best Aerosmith song by far.
  And other Scott and I, we have a lot of agreement.
  And I feel like jaded in the frozen ride are it are both  the two of the biggest agreements we have.
  So this is what unites us as friends.
  Yes, mainly it's all built on the back of the song jaded.
  So, yeah, get in the set list and let's get.
  Yeah, you know what? I'm in I'm in there with you.
  I'm jumping in the Deuces Wild Pit.
  And I want Steven Tyler to cough on me.
  Yeah, that's when I'll know everything's better.
  Yeah, that is when we'll know.
  So, yeah, so better robot heads crank it, DJ crank up this frozen music.
  And I don't know, I'm good.
  I think that's all it really needs.
  Hmm.
 All right.
 Well, did we do it?  Do I guess I guess Carly Weisel, you survived podcast the ride.
  We survived another we we had another another boat beef.
  We had a boat beef.
  We worked our way through it.
  And it's always fun.
  If we know, do we have this divergent of opinions about any other?  Oh, yeah.
 We had to set up the next episode somehow.
  Oh, goodness.
 I'm not sure.
  How do you do what's here?  Just like general gay or nay on a Mexico boat ride.
  I mean, it depends on if Donald's back or not,  because I'm really starting to appreciate plant with sombrero.
  You might be that's maybe a fix for the hallways.
  I mean, there's already some fan art.
  Like I'm I'm kind of in on this new unexpected IP.
  There's your Epcot.
 This is the hope for the future.
  This is an innovative Epcot IP for the 2020s.
  Carly, here's how you get back in the good graces on TikTok.
  You you you post a video of you pointing out that meme  where the guy's holding hands with his girlfriend  and she looks unhappy because he's looking at another lady.
  And the angry girlfriend is Donald's head.
  And then the other lady is the plant with a hat on it.
  Oh, and everyone will laugh.
  And they'll all like that.
  They'll all enjoy that two year old meme.
  Oh, that is exactly how I feel.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that'll really work.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I can't think of any other.
  I mean, I have we've really exploited my extremely strong opinions  on the previous the previous episodes I've been on with Starbucks,  with with the land, things like that.
  But I mean, no, everything else I'm just pretty chill with.
  What about River Journey, Navi River Journey?  I think it's fine.
 I mean, I enjoy it when I go on it.
  I like some of the smaller detailed work they've done  with like the shadowing on the like lily pads or leaves of character footprints.
  I think that's nice.
  I'm fine with it.
  I don't know what's going on, but I don't like I don't like it.
  I hate it the way some people do.
  I don't know if any of us do either.
  I love it.
 I like it.
  So maybe somebody's got a crime.
  Maybe I have to say I hate it just to I have to be this.
  What's his name? Stephen Lang.
  I have to be the Stephen Lang of yes.
  I hate the Navi River Journey.
  We're going to blow it up from the base.
  And I chase those blue bastards out of there.
  Well, you know, maybe we should.
  I would I would hope we could get a next episode.
  When you're on, we could do like Gideon's Bakery or something.
  Oh, my God.
 That's a dream.
  Maybe that's too big.
 Oh, the dream.
  That's too ambitious, perhaps.
  Well, we'll find something with all the Disneyland funny business.
  I it could very well play out that I get the vaccine  and end up at Florida in the Gideon's line before I am able to get into Disneyland.
  Absolutely.
 It's absolutely possible.
  Yeah, sure.
 Well, we can we demand that you do it at this point.
  I think you have to for content.
 Oh, me.
  Yeah.
 You know, I tentatively already have a trip planned  because my family was supposed to go in November of 2020.
  And we just called that, I think, in April or May.
  And just pushed it a year.
  So we'll see.
 OK.
  Well, you'll be in Florida.
 I'll be in the pit.
  I'll be in the pit in Vegas.
  Well, also, Jason, don't miss out.
  There's a hot cookie hour where for one hour a day,  they serve you a hot ass cookie with local ice cream.
  Carly, I know all about the hot cookie.
  Which which hour is it?  I think it's seven p.
m.
  Yeah, it's late.
 It's late.
  It's it's late.
  Even though they're one of their vibes is that like, you know,  when we run out, we want we only make so much when we're out, we're out.
  Well, the way.
  But look, there's a lot of fun that we had when we're all vaccinated.
  Yeah, boy, that's going to be you just Jason just tucks into bed,  just rent the the literal closest hotel room you can to the ice cream  and the cookie and then just covers up.
  And that's that I I read.
  I read the Disney tourist blog review of the Disney  Gideon's and I think they spent seventy dollars to sample a bunch of stuff.
  And I was like, OK, yeah, I'm prepared for that.
  Yeah, that sounds right.
  We're like a few cookies, a few things, a cake and two coffees.
  I'm like, OK, yeah.
  All right, let's do that.
  Jason's story.
  Well, you also have to pay for the flight, I guess, too.
  So it's going to it's going to climb, but it'll all be worth it.
  That's true.
  But these these frequent flyer miles aren't doing anything right now.
  And I know I'm a mess.
  Yeah, I'm messing a lot of points because I'm not.
  Yeah, I'm using them on anything.
  And then you're going to.
  I am the.
  Yeah, yeah, please.
  So this day, we have to exit through the gift shop  and ask if there's anything you'd like to play with.
  Last time you were on, you did not have your own podcast.
  And now you have your own podcast.
  Tell our listeners about it.
  Yes.
 Surprise.
  I now do this, I hope, with more eloquence than me screaming about a hallway  in a work setting.
  It's called Very Amusing with Karla Wazel, who is me.
  If you made it this far without knowing that, that's cool.
  It is reported theme park stories for the most part.
  So it's really like diving into the type of things that fans are very interested  in that usually like we laugh about on Twitter for two days and then it goes away.
  Things like when all those weird Star Wars sodas wound up in a random grocery store.
  I tried to track them all the way back, just like random  fun things that are very fan focused.
  So we wrapped season one at the end of the year.
  And now I'm taking a cool few weeks off and then I'm back at it.
  It is fantastic.
 Yes.
  Well, yeah, yeah.
 Check it out.
 I've checked that.
 It's great.
  And as for us, you can find us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
  If you ever end up finding us on TikTok,  let me reiterate that that content will be scott free.
  That is the new luxury brand within podcast the ride.
  Or you know, I had nothing to do with it.
  If you see some seat posting, that's the deal.
  And and as for as a hey, if you want three bonus episodes every month,  you can check out podcast the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast  the ride, which is Scott's there for as of now.
  And you think it change? Yes.
 Yeah.
  Well, so I guess what's a frozen anyway to end it?  Hey, as you walk through that unthemed black hallway of life backwards.
  It's like a Twin Peaks ending.
 Yeah.
  So frozen.
  Just Scott, maybe to say say something to your followers,  just to say to the Esenons, just say goodbye to them, maybe in your special way.
  Maybe the day the the storm is coming to Arendelle, and it's going to be fun.
  It's going to be very emotional.
 You're going to be saying, let it go.
  It's going to be the most fun storm you've ever had.
  That's my s drop.
  And in general, there's been a PTR drop.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  Goodbye.
 Bye.
  Forever.
  Oh, this has been a forever dog production  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit Forever Dog Podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog News by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
