 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast takes place under the sea, but you won't find any singing  crabs or crustacean bands here, just soulless ocean life and the unforgiving weather controlling  bodies of water that exist on the brutal planet earth.
  Yeah, it's the living seas on podcast, the ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three sea base alpha males.
  I'm Scott Garner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, that is maybe like the most aggressive we could possibly sound if there was like,  we're tough guys, but we love Epcot.
  That makes a lot of sense to me.
  So I really like that.
  Thank you.
  It'd be a fair name for one of those gangs or social gathering groups.
  I forget what euphemism they were using.
  But if that had to be ours, if it isn't one already, it might be one already and we're  really messing with their territory.
  Jason Sheridan, the third male, CBS Alpha sounds like a marketing department was trying  to clean up the image for the term wet blanket or wet noodle.
  So I guess that's right.
  I guess that's trying to make wet blankets desirable.
  Yeah, yeah, they get they get like, you know, something people desire, something people  people want.
  Well, yeah.
  You're upset because you don't like that wet blanket is used as a bad thing because  you love a wet blanket.
  You love to sleep soaking wet.
  You love to be wet from head to toe constantly.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  Did OK.
  Did I bail on an Airbnb once because all of the bedding was still soaking wet?  Yes, I did.
  We have heard that and that was shocking to me.
  Some wetness is fun wetness, wetness that you're fond of, but not all.
  All right.
  Clothing, clothing wetness, not blanket and bedding wetness.
  Yeah, let's let's that seems to be the boundary.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  All right.
  All right.
  I apologize.
  Are we are we fond of today's wetness brought to you by the Living Seas, an Epcot attraction  that is our topic today.
  And we're doing it today because this day that you're listening to it, if you're listening  to it on the release, it is January 15th and on January 15th, 1986, this ride opened 35  years ago on this very day, which is a stat that makes me feel very old.
  Oh, my God.
  Yeah, we're we're like, there's like a couple of years left for us.
  I think like it doesn't.
  I think about sorry to take it in an extra dark place.
  It's just it's crazy time, time existing and seeing all these videos and going, oh, OK,  that was 30 years ago.
  How old am I?  Oh, shit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I know.
  It doesn't square with your own age a lot.
  I think it's just weird because we were very little when Disneyland had its 35th anniversary,  which is an indelible thing for me at least.
  And I'm just seeing 35 a lot.
  I couldn't imagine a bigger number.
  Yeah, I didn't think I'd make it to 35, much less beyond.
  Sure.
  I was I was looking at archival footage and I was looking at the dates on YouTube and  on the website on different websites and I was eating an Airhead and it didn't square  with me because I'm like, I'm eating like a child and I still think of myself like a  child.
  But yet this tells me I'm not a child.
  I am far from it.
  I.
  Yeah.
  I love this.
  I love the living seas.
  I feel like it always caught me off guard.
  It's so often the corner of Epcot and it was such a unique experience of like a standing  pre-show, a theater pre-show, the hydrolator.
  I love the hydrolator.
  I loved and feared the hydrolator and the sea cabs.
  So it was like a sequence of experiences as opposed to I think the Martin's vids on this  is really good.
  He points out that like, oh, the other pavilions had like one key attraction each.
  This is like a sequence that you experience and it's very unique.
  And that also helped them control crowd flow because it does eat a lot of people per hour.
  Yeah, it's it's well, here's what I'll say.
  We talked a little bit.
  We did a Horizons episode a couple of months ago at this point, right?  That was a couple of months.
  That wasn't 35 years ago.
  I don't know.
  I mean, it's been a long last few weeks.
  So yeah, so we did that and we were sort of talking and I think Scott and I more agreed  that as kid brains, a lot of these Epcot rides sort of blended together.
  Like you could have shown me maybe a video now or whenever the first time I started  watching like old retro videos, you could have put in a scene from living seas.
  You could have put a scene in from world of motion and my brain would have gone,  oh, that makes sense.
  That looks right.
  Um, and then we sort of were also talking about how it felt like Epcot was a concept  album, you know, it was a challenging second album and they were sort of, everything  actually felt like it fit together.
  You could maybe take out pieces of rides and put them somewhere else and they would  kind of thematically feel similar.
  So I will say as a kid, the living seas didn't make a huge impression on me.
  I don't have such fond memories of the hydrolator.
  I love the hydrolator now in my adult years, seeing it.
  Don't get me wrong.
  Don't come for the, come for me with pitchforks yet, but I will say I didn't have such  a nostalgia for it as much as I did for like figment himself and then the nostalgia  of Epcot, which of course I love.
  I think part of my nostalgia is I bought it.
  I bought that we had to go.
  I was like, well, we're not going to the bottom of the sea, but clearly you have to  go down to get to the transit, to get to the aquarium section of this.
  Are you accusing me of not buying it as a child?  Well, I don't know.
  Do you think you did?  I especially loved that you had to play along.
  You had to take a hydrolator to exit, like not the ones with the full windows, but  like they had X you couldn't just now you just, when we were at the current  iteration, you'd walk in and out of the gift shop.
  You don't have to take the ride.
  No, I, this has nothing to do with me buying it or not as a kid.
  I was scared of all this.
  I thought this was all real.
  I'm just saying as a kid, I just don't have such strong memories of it.
  Like other pieces.
  I think you also went a little more often than we did.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  We went every two to three years and then every year for very, very  brief period of time.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  So I, I'm just trying to give a picture of exactly where my enjoyment lies.
  Yeah.
  There's, I feel like I'm, I was sort of neither here nor there.
  I, I like it was, wouldn't have been my favorite Epcot thing.
  Probably wouldn't have been my least favorite Epcot thing.
  There's a strong opinion about this attraction in my household.
  And I'm not, I'm not sure if I should get into that now or if we get to that  part of the, of the thing.
  I, because if there is anything more introductory to do, actually one thing  I've, we forgot, we're just calling it the living seas today.
  And for a long time, this attraction has been the seas with Nemo and friends.
  But that's one of those, are we going to call this episode the seas with  Nemo and friends?  I don't think you got to go back to the original title.
  Yeah.
  And look, to be honest, I didn't know they had changed the name.
  I thought that's what they were just calling the ride.
  I didn't know the whole pavilion is now called that.
  I just missed that at some point because so much of it is still kind of standing,  especially, I mean, my family too, we were a big coral reef restaurant family.
  And I have not been there in years.
  I want to go now that I've seen the official like on the Disney website.
  It has, it's like a perfect, perfect fossil, like a fly preserved in amber.
  It has not aged apparently.
  Yeah.
  It's very early nineties, doesn't it?  Yeah.
  And I think this kind of busy mosaic design style, I think it's coming back.
  I think this like minimalist, dark metal, dark wood, Johnny Rockets shit is on its way out.
  I look, I hope not.
  I hope it lasts forever.
  Lindy and I went like seven years ago to that restaurant.
  Yeah.
  And there was a giant rock in the tank and all of a sudden we realized it was a  turtle and it moved and we were delighted.
  And that's the magic of the living seas.
  That's right.
  And then we looked down and we just ate a dead fish off of a plate.
  Okay.
  That's the, that's the conundrum of the living seas.
  That's the paradox of the living seas.
  Of course.
  Yes.
  I some, the, should we say some basics about it before we, and this is personally on  my mind because the last time we did an Epcot attraction was Horizons.
  Uh, uh, friend question mark of the show, Nick Mundy, uh, listened to the episode,  hadn't heard an episode in a while and then gave me the feedback.
  It's like you're speaking a foreign language.
  It's like you were speaking Spanish.
  I didn't know what the hell you were talking about.
  So now I've got Mundy just like with a fist in his hand behind me in my head, uh,  telling me to explain what the rides are.
  I think we did fairly well.
  I don't know.
  What do you like?  Hey, is Mundy in line there?  What do you think?  Uh, I think he texted and criticized the episode to me as well.
  Uh, he'd have to look if he's, if he's like running around town, like doing errands,  like sometimes he will give me a phone call while he's doing that.
  And then he was also listening and like, he's at like a grocery store and they're  like saying, Mr.
  Mundy, here's your order.
  And he's trying, like, you're not going to, you're not going to pick up on what  Horizons is it's too weird.
  It's too ethereal.
  It's too like, if he was sitting down listening intently, then I would be a  little more concerned.
  I'm guessing though.
  If we, if we sat him down and said, okay, we'll explain it to you.
  It's a ride that offers different visions of what the future might be.
  Hopeful visions brought to you by Jenner.
  Like how quickly would he just like turn to his phone or leave the room or  punch us in the jaw?  Yeah, he would just, there would be an urge to just put our head in a toilet or  pull our underwear up, uh, hard from our back of our pants.
  Well, he wouldn't be able to resist that or throw a dodge ball at our head.
  He just, a Dodger ball would sort of like materialize in his hand and he  would whip it at our head.
  He's still trying to solve the problem of fire bad.
  Uh, so we got a towel.
  It's like, no, it's not always bad.
  There's different, uh, there's different, it's very useful in some occasions.
  Mundy, Mundy is a Frankenstein.
  Yeah, that's what that is.
  It's a cave man.
  I think it's what Jason is calling him.
  Jason as usual has taken Scott and I's good natured ribbing up to an 11.
  All the way up the hydra later.
  Jason wants to look in wrestling, you gotta keep building up the feud, you know?  And Jason wants to build that feud up for when Mundy comes back on the  show and I appreciate that he's working an angle.
  That's what he's doing.
  Oh, I, I can only hope.
  I can only hope he puts me through a table.
  He puts me through an announcer's table.
  I will double mask if we, if we figured out a way for Mundy to put me through a  table in these trying times.
  There was, there was talk at the Orlando live show of, uh, Matt Cardona putting  you through something, but it didn't materialize.
  So hopefully that happens at a certain point on one of these shows.
  I thought it was supposed to be, I hit him with a chair.
  We talked about that, but I talked about scenarios.
  Yeah, there were a couple of scenarios and yeah, for sure.
  Sure.
  One of them was you taking a bump of some kind.
  Yeah.
  Um, okay.
  Mundy will be the one, the untrained, the non-trained wrestler will be the one to  hurt you.
  That's fine.
  Uh, but no back to eat.
  He makes a very fair point.
  Yes, we should, we should, uh, uh, full on explain.
  We should make sure we're still doing that.
  It's good to refresh the basics.
  It's good to get back to basics.
  You know, he's the way he told us to do the podcast and now he has a new note for  us and I want to make good.
  The godfather of the podcast.
  No, um, one helpful thing godfather of the year.
  Um, one helpful thing I think about this attraction is that at the time that it  was built, it was based around what was, what was then the largest saltwater tank  on earth, which is full of aquatic animals.
  So it is a lot of attractions based around that.
  Um, that, that, so the restaurant you guys are talking about the coral reef  restaurant, that is a restaurant where you had a view of the creatures in the  tank, uh, as you ate, as you ate fish bizarrely.
  Uh, but the primary illusion that it's trying to create is not just like an  aquarium here, you're going to go look at the tank.
  It's that you are actually going to a sea base, a futuristic sea base, which  you're led to believe is underwater.
  And, um, so there's various forms of transport that take you all the way, not  just like a couple of feet away, but in theory, like far, far down and far, many  leagues under the sea, if you will, uh, to this fully immersed underwater sea base.
  Um, it isn't fully immersed.
  That was kind of the intent initially, but now it's just, you know, uh, built  around this, this giant tank and with lots of amazing views of it.
  Yes.
  So it is a basically, uh, uh, there's an omnimover like haunted mansion ride  system, and there's a big aquarium with a restaurant.
  That's the simple version.
  It's a big, mostly is a big aquarium.
  There's people that work in there tending to the fish.
  There's a little shows, there's information, their stuff has changed over  the years, but that's sort of the basic, um, as they have, uh, like, uh, fish and  aquatic life that have like been harmed that they're rehabilitating.
  Yeah.
  Which we saw last time we were there.
  Uh, big variety, um, the manatees, you got to raise, you got all, all kinds of  cool stuff, which was my takeaway.
  Um, being there last year was, well, you just forget how great this is.
  Uh, like just, just the base, just like, oh yeah, within this day at Epcot,  that's always cool where you experience a lot of things like, oh, like,  here's the stint of the day where you see just a lot of cool animals.
  It's very neat.
  Yeah.
  And it's, yes, it's obviously years before animal kingdom, but it is like similar  in the same idea where they were like, oh shit, we have to get a ton of people  who know what they're doing to maintain a giant aquarium with a variety of  fish and, and marine life.
  Uh, yeah.
  If you watch the, there's a national geographic series about animal  kingdom on Disney plus.
  And they, they do have to go to the living seas a lot to like, like one of  the manatees is they they're worried it's ill or he, he ate something he shouldn't  have.
  Um, so sometimes they needed to transport, uh, sea life to, uh, from the living  seas to animal kingdom, cause that's where they have like extra animal care  stuff.
  Uh, although there are plenty of marine biologists and, and such working at the  living seas, it's a real like licensed and certified, uh, rescue center and  aquarium.
  Yeah.
  Um, so that is what it is basically still now.
  That's what it was.
  Plottier aquarium really ultimately.
  Most aquariums don't have stories.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  That's what it does more.
  So should we, could we start with it's like what it might've been?  Yeah, that was interesting to me to discover the version that didn't get built.
  I, yeah, I knew none of this.
  I did not know it either.
  It's pretty well documented in the Martins vids.
  They don't, they have some cons they have more concept art and like model  pictures than I have seen.
  Uh, and it sounds like this version would have been insane and all like amazing.
  I like what they did fine.
  And not, I shouldn't even say that.
  I like what they did, but this version, Oh boy.
  Do I wish this was.
.
.
  Well, they pull off, they pull off the educational aspect of it.
  It's definitely interesting to go there, but with all the bells and whistles, I  think it would have been a lot more satisfying as a theme park attraction.
  Yes.
  And basic, like as soon as I heard that Poseidon was involved in the original  version, I was like, Oh shit, what?  Why does Poseidon get cut?  Even like a low grade Poseidon in the current version, I would have been  like still pretty happy with.
  But big tease.
  I, I, I know some, I started unraveling why does Poseidon get cut.
  And the answer is pretty nefarious.
  It, uh, it goes and goes and, uh, you'll see, but let's,  let's talk about the fun first.
  Yeah.
  Um, so I guess the, yeah, the original was very much more like, like, um,  simulating that underwater base, like a cool dome underwater, like whatever,  I guess base is really what it is.
  Um, but it opened with a pre show where you were like challenged by Poseidon,  the sea Lord, who were like, just like dare you to like taunt the ocean.
  Yeah.
  Like he, like you're in the middle of a raging sea storm and he stops it with a  wave of his hand and like start eggs you on.
  He's like, only the bravest explorers would explore the sea.
  Yeah.
  Um, which it's funny cause like you were still going to sea base alpha, which was  very much like a scythe, like more science fiction, like the emphasis on the science  than it is like on the fan science fantasy or something.
  If you go on this today, it's extremely clinical by, by theme park standards.
  So it's almost in like set probably in the not too distant future.
  It's all technology we have, but if it was super policy, you're going into  sea quest, you're going to see quest DSP basically, I think is in set in the  2030s or something.
  I don't know if I'm pulling that out of my butt.
  Um, so yeah, strange that we would like this definition of the seas involves  that the seas are controlled by a man, by a giant man, by a giant magic man,  which yeah, it does.
  It's sort of like the original idea of Epcot was very much like, I mean, they  have like, uh, you know, imagination, which obviously is not necessarily rooted  in science, but a lot of it was science based.
  So I'm, I am curious and maybe Scott, you have more information, like what  they're thinking was behind this, but man, it would have been, it would have been  awesome.
  I will say that.
  Yeah.
  And the, the technology was going to be that you sat in this theater, he  challenges you and then the theater would rotate 180 degrees to a load, a very  ornate loading station, uh, where you would then board an Omni mover.
  Yeah.
  Like a yellow, like a yellow brick road of coral, like just coral everywhere.
  Have we, we have not talked about fake coral a lot on this show.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
  And now is that different than fake rock?  And does it count as fake rock?  I mean, someone listening is going to know the distinction better than us,  but coral didn't, if it counts as fake rock, it didn't really fair great in  the fake rock final four, though I think that the Disney sea, Ariel's grotto  area is really fantastic and you know, probably, you know, didn't make it in  there, but it could have, could have been a squeaker, but I think, I think somebody  will be able to tell us like, Oh, you're missing all these great pieces of fake  coral in the theme parks and maybe eventually one day when we have all this  gathered, we can do a fake coral final four.
  Perhaps.
  I'd love to gather enough.
  Yes.
  Let's give coral it's due.
  Good fake coral in the, um, the fries electronics in, I forget the city now  it's in San Diego County, um, but they're, yeah, they're really good fake coral game  there.
  And then obviously fake coral on, uh, uh, the Nemo subs in Disneyland, you know,  I think, I think fake coral is in more places.
  If you look,  Yeah.
  Heart is open to it.
  If your heart is open to it.
  Um, I just want to shout out before we move on from Poseidon than just his line  about if we can part the waves of understanding, I mean, this is my, like  this highfalutin Poseidon language and that he is called Poseidon the sea lord.
  Um, I mean, obviously Poseidon was done to its full theme park extent in islands  of adventure with Poseidon's fury.
  Ultimately, I was also trying to remember if Poseidon factors into the  Caesar's palace mall statue show, which is called fall of Atlantis and Poseidon  is referenced, like it's all kind of his shadow looms over the events of fall  of Atlantis, but Poseidon is not here.
  He called in sick today.
  Let us do his bidding.
  What would Poseidon have done?  Yeah.
  WWPD.
  Um, he, so Poseidon, I mean, I just want more Poseidon in general, if possible.
  It's a property anybody can grab because it's, um, it's mythology.
  I don't think anyone can own Poseidon.
  Right.
  No one can own me.
  So like, yes, like we can have Poseidon on the show regularly too.
  Like Poseidon and the sector keeper show up together.
  Maybe.
  Oh, it's my friend Poseidon.
  Yes, I am friends with this young ghost boy.
  Ah, I don't know why he's like Hercules or something, but in my version, if one of  the three of us had more energy, maybe Poseidon could be with us here today.
  Yeah.
  I'm very tired though.
  You know, I wasn't prepared.
  Don't you tired to summon Poseidon?  I mean, if you, if you force me,  nevermind.
  Hang on.
  I'm going to go take a bath.
  Mike's new character, reluctant Poseidon.
  Yes, here I am.
  I'm here and good to meet you, Jason.
  Poseidon who's still stressed out about the impeachment hearings.
  I think.
  I with a wave of my hand, I could part this team, but only 10 Republicans.
  After that, after the attack on still only 10, I just kill her.
  I don't, the Trident feels extra heavy to me today.
  Oh, why don't they just do the inauguration in their oval office?  Oh, come on.
  Why does it have to be outside?  Do it tomorrow.
  Well, it's break with tradition.
  I love tradition.
  I'm 10,000 years old.
  I'm sure they'd give you the zoom without a time limit if you just ask.
  Oh, I'm trying to get the vaccine, but it is just not available.
  The federal government should have done a better job coordinating it nationwide.
  Can I not summon with my hand from the sea, just a vile amount of it?  Just fill up a needle.
  That's all Poseidon wants.
  I guess two.
 It's going to be a double dose.
  Four weeks part.
  I'm not Lord of the Vexy, and I'll tell you that.
  Yeah, that's a Vaxenus.
  That's my brother Vaxenus.
  Many do not believe in Vaxenus.
  They are fools.
  Vaxenus is good.
  And we have him now as an IP.
  We have to trademark him.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He'll show up soon.
  Anyway, yeah, he parts.
  I don't know.
 There was like a there was a curtain of water potentially.
  There's going to happen.
  This seemed great.
  And it is like it's funny.
  This happens to us in attractions sometimes where there's just this phantom  feeling like like there should have been something like why isn't this  our favorite thing from our childhoods?  And I feel like Poseidon is the answer.
  Yeah, he's a missing piece, I think, for sure.
  And there there are.
  Yeah, I think maybe we've talked about this before.
  It's like figment looms so large in that.
  And obviously the right because he's the star of the right.
  He does a lot.
 But if it's like maybe if they had just positioned some other  new original characters on some of these rides, they could have lasted longer  and been more of a big deal to kids brains.
  But then it still retained their sort of educational nature.
  Yeah, I'd say even as a kid, though, I kind of liked Epcot days  because I knew it was just a different it was a different vibe.
  There was like, you know, I didn't I was a nerdy little child.
  I like the educational aspect.
  I like the different like, you know, vibes of the pavilions  and the attractions and stuff.
  And like, especially like Magic Kingdom, like trying to pack stuff in  or even MGM Studios at its height had quite a bit to try and do in a day.
  Sure.
 I just mean like, yeah, for me, which I also loved going to Epcot.
  It's just I just my brain isn't that clear on remembering some of these things.
  Like, I don't have those childhood memories  that are so strong, like a few of the other places in Epcot.
  And then, of course, the Magic Kingdom.
  Yeah, what I remember is I was scared all day and got it was all scary.
  Giant.
 What's the architectural to brutalist architecture?  I think is the term.
 And that makes sense.
  All the buildings scared me in a way that I love.
  I think about the buildings non style of all the architecture.
  But like not only that, it's all like, as I've said, none of none of my friends  are here.
 I'm probably not going to see Mickey or anybody.
  I'm going to see lots of like upset bearded adults,  whether that be Jules Verne or in this way, it could have been Poseidon,  the most upset, biggest bearded adult constantly.
  Scott, little Scott, your friends aren't here for you.
  Your friends can't help you now.
 You dared rattle the sea.
  You'll be scared.
 I didn't do anything.
 I'm seven.
  And you, little Michael, I can tell you don't buy it.
  I can tell you don't believe this shit.
  I want you to believe it.
 And throws water at me.
  So I draw later.
 It's good.
 You saw the bubbles go.
  Yeah, you went deep as far as you know.
  What else do you want?  The other thing I think in this takes us into the next area of the thing,  but I also this is another Epcot attraction with like rides through dark  corridors.
 Almost every one of them is a slow moving vehicle through a dark  tunnel.
 I think that like I can't remember how dark and tunnely world of  motion was, but I bet fairly so.
 Horizons definitely.
  Universe of energy isn't so claustrophobic, but it's extremely dark a lot of the  time.
 Spaceship Earth very dark.
  And then the sea cabs were pretty much like, I mean, I guess you had the glow,  but aquariums are dark.
 Water is dark.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Again, it's all aesthetically like the same.
  It's like one thing bleeds into another.
  It's like, which concept album did we say Epcot is like?  I wrote the second half of Abbey Road, maybe like a wizard, Todd Rungren's,  a wizard, a true star kind of bless you.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 And you know what I'm saying?  Each one bleeds into the you're not sure where one ends and the next begins.
  I don't think.
 Is there a Kiss album like that for Monday that I could throw in  here? How do we frame this kiss concept album?  Yeah, you're right.
 That's the key to well, I don't know the album, but it looks  like they have an album called Music from the Elder.
 It's more of it.
  Oh, maybe their concept of.
  So Monday, if you're listening and the answer is probably no, the Living Seas  are actually Epcot in general is like music from the Elder.
  Got it.
 Perfect.
 Perfect.
  Is it like didn't they all do?  There was a day where each one released a solo album without makeup on.
  Am I conflating things with that?  Right.
 Yeah, they for sure.
  The makeup off period in the 80s and maybe this is we'll know if money  listen to it because I probably just got that wrong.
  And he'll call and yell at me.
  But yeah, there was a very yeah, they had to do some gimmicks.
  So I don't know theme park equivalent of solo albums without the makeup.
  But what's like is it like ambition?  Is that Islands of Adventure or something like untrodden territory?  Yeah, that's good.
  So, yeah, we're we're losing my train of thought.
  I'm also just like, by the way, the the the Elder saw  music from the Elder as a character named Morpheus in it.
  Wow, really? Yeah, yeah, there's a lot going on.
  Maybe I need to check out the and the the the boy that it's just long tracks.
  One's called the oath.
 One's called Escape from the Island.
  I mean, this sounds potentially potentially dreadful.
  But again, I don't want to lose Monday or any kiss fans.
  He's tried to get us way into Kiss for a long time, which I'm not against kiss.
  I like some of the songs, but I just I've not gotten the whole thing about kiss.
  But obviously, the pageantry and the nonsense we would like.
  And the merch, of course.
 Yeah.
  But maybe this is our way.
  Maybe this is our way in, is what I'm saying.
  I'm scared of the tracks, a world without heroes and Odyssey,  as much as I'd like to meet their Morpheus.
  I mean, is it is it all probably white right wing propaganda from Gene Simmons?  Maybe maybe I don't know.
  You might not have turned in 81 yet.
 I don't know.
  It's possible.
 Anyways, the turning.
  That's what the theater does.
  Turns 180 degrees and then you're and then you were in that you end up in the  this hypothetical version of the vehicle that would have taken you into the attraction.
  As Jason said, it was a more of a or it makes it.
  It was an omnimover.
  That's what it is today.
  It's like the clamshells that take you into the sea base.
  But they initially envisioned like a much longer ride, more like a 10 minute  ride where you're in clear bubbles.
  I think Jim Hill described them as pearls.
  You're inside clear pearls and you're going through clear tubes.
  So as you're passing through this tank, you are now much more  immersed in like you could be just, you know, a couple inches away from a shark.
  Like you have the full beauty of the tank and you're in it and the danger of what if  there was a leak or something?  Yeah.
 And so, yeah, there was a tank, but then it was like show scenes  plan to and I think there was like a planned maybe like anime.
  There's not a picture of it, but I think it was a shark attack planned of some kind.
  And then you would run into Poseidon again, like there's in the Martins vids,  there's pictures of all the little like scenes from like a big model on a table.
  It was kind of hard to see which is which, but all you can tell just like, oh,  you go through a bunch of very detailed show scenes.
  It does.
 It reminds me a little bit of how they did 20,000 Leagues at Tokyo Disney  Sea.
 But it's not the same ride system.
  Oh, yeah.
 Where it's it is not maybe there's sections of it where that are not  fully underwater, but you're using lighting effects and mist and bubbles and stuff  to fake that you are underwater.
  Right.
 I mean, that and 20,000 Leagues has to have fake coral, obviously.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, I would imagine.
  Yeah.
 So I think that was really epic, like the entrance to the what to this base  and the concept art that you look at, it just seemed like so much grander than  than where they are.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  The I mean, I just love the painterly kind of like paperback book cover almost  of like a lot of the early Epcot concept art and the base itself really looks a lot  like C-Lab 2020 in terms of pods with like walkways between it all.
  Oh, totally.
 Which I think that was very, very popular at the time.
  Very future looking at the time, like sea bases and biospheres.
  I think.
 Right.
 I don't know when the biosphere one and biosphere two, I think,  came a little later.
 Yeah, I mean, it's it's very start even Star Trek, obviously  in space, but it's very the vibe of sort of especially I think the first Star Trek  movie, it's a little bit like 2001 inspired.
  I feel like in its I guess partly because like the music and the it all feels a  little unnerving or a lot of unnerving depending on which part of the pre-show  or which part or which art you're looking at.
  But there is something kind of odd and eerie about all of it, too.
  It's not like, yeah, we're underwater and it's a utopian city.
  It's kind of like research is done here  with the depths of the sea where anything can happen, anything horrible can happen.
  Well, yeah, it feels like the setup for like this is the it's like  it's the first third of, I don't know, the abyss or the thing or  especially the abyss because it's underwater.
  But, you know, or aliens or like as if like this is all right.
  Settle in here to this place where most of your friends will die.
  It really yeah, it's crazy.
  Like here, I'm just going to do this right now.
  This is the pre-show movie for the actual living seas.
  And I'm sure you guys watched it.
  It is so friggin scary.
  Yeah.
 Did you did you watch it?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's like.
  And then rises back to the ocean floor  as a superheated mineral laden fluid  emitting what to us would be lethal concentrations of poisonous chemicals.
  Yet, incredibly, a brand new strange  beds in sonic life forms flourish.
  I mean, there's like there's like I feel like I hear like stabs in there  of like a violin, like in a horror movie.
  Like there's it's it's it's scored in such a way  to freak the fuck out of you.
  It's like John Carpenter didn't direct it, but he scored it.
  They brought him in just for music, just to make it extra unnerving.
  Yes.
 I think that I think that's by the way, I think that's awesome.
  But I am interested at the at the choice because there's not even  there's never a part of it where it's fully resolved in like a major chord.
  It's never like, ah, and here's C base alpha.
  It's like better music.
  It's like happier sounding music when they reveal like the  the schematic of C base alpha, but it never resolves itself.
  It never makes you feel like, oh, and now everything's going to be fine.
  No, it's very haunting, ethereal and almost pushing experimental.
  And it's very funny to think about when you think about the sponsor  United Technologies, now a division of the Raytheon company,  spent 90 million dollars on this pavilion,  like this major corporate sponsor.
  And like this is how it starts with this weird like there's no characters.
  There's no people right in that video.
  Or barely any animals.
  It's mostly the sea and storms and nature.
  And yeah, I think it's funny.
  I liked it as a kid.
  I was a little scared.
  And I think if something was just slightly different in the tilt of the world,  I would have leaned into like what other movies are kind of scary like that  instead of like get leaned into like MGM studios of like,  where can I get a copy of Singing in the Rain?  There was so much scariness at Epcot because this is I forgot  there was even a movie in this thing.
  But of course, it makes me think of the post Maelstrom  Norway film, which is very severe and, you know, banging on iron and  and the Maelstrom itself, where you dive into a storm  and flaming oil barracks.
  Like so much of Epcot was scary and scary in a real world way.
  It's not like Alien Encounter scary.
  It's not sci fi scary.
  It's the world you're in is a scary place.
  Yes, Scott.
  Back back over the falls, you know, it's such a it's such a ball.
  It's a ball.
 See the word.
 It's such an odd.
  It's odd.
  But also, like, I think that's what the creative, the imagineering people  were going for.
 That's the idea.
  Yeah, it was not supposed to be a fully friendly place besides Figment.
  And I guess it's just still an odd  swing, because I mean, I don't really know the history of when Epcot  was was struggling or if that was the the calculation at the time  or that had to be like fixed or injected with energy or more like.
  It does seem like there was an era where it didn't quite land.
  And I like, I don't know, like was did like a ton of adults  want to go experience things about like steel and flames and disasters?  Like, was this what people really wanted?  I'm not and I like I'm obsessed with Epcot.
  I hope none of this sounds super negative.
  But it's just like, I don't know, were people jazzed ever on the Living Seas  movie like that rules?  Well, yeah, that's a good question.
  I mean, I'm sure like.
  You know, that was a giant aquarium.
  It was the biggest aquarium, I think, in the world for a little while.
  Right.
 Like before the Georgia Aquarium.
  Yeah, it's a sorry.
  Did you have this? Oh, I was going to.
  Yeah, I have it.
 It's a five point seven million gallon tank.
  And that's not counting like the filtering tanks or the prep tanks.
  And for a long time, it was technically the largest saltwater  aquarium in the world until that Georgia Aquarium opened a few years ago.
  Mm hmm.
 So like a dad would like, I feel like a dad likes to go to the aquarium.
  Yeah.
 In the 80s, 90s, dad will go to the aquarium and take a look at the fish.
  So he would like that.
  But I don't know if he wanted to watch the scary film strip beforehand.
  That's what or like, I mean, you see still, I mean, it's gone now,  but you saw when the maelstroms open, people just like  sprint out of the theater so they did not have to watch the post  ride movie like it.
  I because I feel like some of my Epcot obsession is with things  that didn't super resonate with people like it's that's what resonates with me.
  Is that it's this extremely expensive theme park  where there's huge swaths of it that I think scared people or even bored people  or just unnerved people.
  I think that's I hope I'm not sounding anti-ep.
  It's all that stuff that I'm obsessed with.
  Yeah, I think I said on the universe of energy when Lindsey and I went on it  like a couple of days before it closed forever, the guy next to us fell asleep on it.
  Like within 10, I think 10 to 15 minutes, he was asleep on universe of energy.
  And that has to happen all day long with that ride for its whole existence.
  That was one of the reasons my dad liked that ride.
  People like a little break, a little sleepy break ride to get so hot in Florida.
  You need to take a rest at some point.
  You're not going to get to take a break when Rocket Raccoon is shouting on you  on a roller coaster.
 That's not going to happen.
  You can't take a little nap that way.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I think there was different metrics of the different metrics of success back then.
  I think as the 80s went along, they were, you know, you start to see the rise  of like the Wall Street era of like, we've got to keep the shareholders happy.
  But like at least when Epcot started, there was an intent of education,  you know, of let's do something different.
  Let's let's play with people's expectations.
  Let's entertain edutainment, that sort of thing.
  And you also saw like all these corporate sponsors seem to like be in line with that.
  And I don't I don't know that companies ever fully had tact.
  But I feel like I don't know.
  I think stuff is more craven nowadays of like, well, we've got to hit the four quadrants  and we've got to get the characters in there and the characters have to appeal to these squad.
  You know? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it is a joke.
  Like there's a reason that there was a joke and I guess still remains a joke  that Epcot is boring and it sucks.
  And I don't hold that opinion.
  But there's a reason that joke exists.
  That's in the culture.
  I think it's going away.
  I do think it's in a similar way, though, to an album that's underappreciated  its first 20 years, like your McCartney Ram.
  It's your McCartney one and two where people go, what the hell is this?  This isn't as good as the Beatles.
  And then 30 years later, you go, oh, I see what he was doing.
  This is this a lot of stuff's great.
  And now you want everything to be like that.
  Yes.
 Do more stuff like that.
  Do more stuff like that.
  And not like for you, his song with Ryan Tedder,  even though I kind of like the song for you.
  He's I don't know what they I don't know what the theme park equivalent of you is.
  A revenue manager.
 Yeah.
  Tiki room under new management.
 Yeah, maybe.
  So there was this grand vision of what it was going to be.
  And I don't really know what happened when you got to the base.
  I think that all might have been sort of similar, but there was certainly a much  more ornate attraction of Fide  intro to this ride.
  I guess with that, should we talk about what did end up being there  or what what is what was the experience pre the Nemo infusion?  Yeah.
 Yes.
  I mean, there there was a standing I kind of always forgot about this.
  There was like a standing kind of slideshow pre show early on.
  That was also pretty weird and ethereal.
  There was the queue.
  The queue had a lot of artifacts about see see exploration, see adventuring.
  And yeah, and then the like other element  pre hydro later is is that movie, Mike,  that you played a little snippet of, which was like a sit down theater.
  Right.
 Scary movie.
  Terrifying movie.
 Terrifying movie.
  And it I mean, it is it is very much set up like, yeah,  like a movie you would have seen in school.
  But it has it has the score of a horror film.
  It's so similar in tone to the thing I keep bringing up,  the weird Philadelphia 1776 movie  that was so that was very frightening.
  And yet my mom made my class watch it.
  And that had to be said, Mrs.
  Gardner provided this film.
  Any chance to watch a bit, Scott?  I would have been sending your mother a thank you note.
  Probably.
 I.
 That's true.
  I'm forgetting.
 Yeah.
  Aspect.
 Yeah.
 It gave people a chance to nap.
  Just as the Living Seas movie give dads a chance to nap.
  And let's not forget this added benefit of Epcot.
  If you took a trip to Disney World during the school year  and you had to make up some bullshit that it was educational,  you're in the bag with Epcot, baby.
  You do a little summary of your days at Epcot.
 Done.
  That is a good point.
 Yeah, I had thought of that.
  You could justify like if you paid attention, you can learn something.
  I mean, obviously, the greater lesson here is that humans can mess up  the earth all they want, but the earth will win.
  I mean, that's the message of this film strip itself is that like the sea will win.
  The sea is going to get all of us and there's nothing we can do about it.
  No, he runs.
 The sea runs the show, baby.
  Now, please enter the sea.
  You've been reminded that the sea will kill you.
  It will kill you.
  It will kill your great, great, great, great, great grandchildren  at a certain point to reset the earth after all of you monsters fucked it up.
  But anyway, here's a fun omnivore.
  And we're going to kill you right now if you like aren't careful on a boat or something.
  Yep.
 We're being reminded of that right now.
  January twenty twenty one with the revival of sea shanty.
  Tick tock.
  Everyone's doing a collaborative sea shanty singing very well.
  Or why?  This is one of the thrilling people to start singing sea shanties on tick tock.
  And then there's this duet feature where then you can sing along  and then people it's like picture and picture and picture and everyone's singing along.
  I saw someone online positing that like, oh, we we've been distancing  ourselves from each other.
  And this this was a way this is like songs that were simple  and could be sung without accompaniment.
  And so like it's a way to keep connected.
  This the revival.
  Everyone's in the sea shanties all of a sudden.
  I didn't understand the Ratatouille musical stuff,  but I'm here for old sea shanties coming back.
  No, I also zoned out when anything, the Ratatouille musical showed up.
  I say, all right, I know it.
  I'm sure everyone seemed like they're having a blast.
  Godspeed.
 God bless.
  I'm not mad at it or anything.
 I just was like, OK.
  What you just said, Jason, about ticked, I think that's that maybe sums up my feelings.
  Everyone seems like they're having a blast.
  You guys, you have fun.
  Not for me.
 Beware if I showed up.
  I got the dad pass now.
  I'm not going to learn about any app until my son is on one.
  And then I can make fun of whatever he's doing on it.
  And we can have a combative relationship about the app until then.
  No apps for me.
  That's a good point.
 You are a dad now.
  So we're going to have to start.
  Maybe it's just because you didn't grow up in the northeast of America.
  We're going to have to get you into some tall ships soon.
  We're going to have to start getting you into some nautical history stuff.
  It's time.
 Oh, no.
  I guess today is the day talking about the seas.
  Well, a lot of our a lot of our favorite characters  and personalities love the sea, like, you know, your Popeyes, your Jimmy Puffets.
  Yeah, those are my favorite characters.
  Well, I'm scared of Popeye.
  Popeye is weird.
  The movie, the movie scary.
  I always try to watch it because I think it'll be interesting.
  I watched it for the podcast because I like Popeye Village.
  And then I'm still just like, oh, this movie.
  Get me away from the sea.
  Deciding to be furious at me.
  Captain Jack Sparrow also.
  Guy on the sea.
  No, of course, I'm a Jack Farrow stan.
  Ride or die.
  And, you know, like whatever's going on with the actor playing him,  that's not for me to know.
  I'm concerned about the character.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I don't know.
  I don't know the actor's name who plays him.
  I don't know.
 I just I love Jack Sparrow.
  And that's what I love.
 Yeah.
  And of course, his uncle who's in jail or whatever that is.
  I don't know that actor either.
  Looks a lot like that guy who sings for you.
  Yeah.
  He's got like a dad that looks like the guy who plays guitar on  satisfaction as well.
  Again, I don't know any of these names.
  Yeah, I don't either.
  OK, so scary movie.
  And then and well, then we go to the hydrolators.
  Let's talk hydrolators.
  Oh, I mean, what's there not to say about the hydrolators?  What's there? It mimics an elevator.
  It's the same kind of trick.
  Basically, they do with the Haunted Mansion in Florida, where like  you're stationary, but the walls are like sort of going up a little different  because you're you're looking through windows at water and rocks  and those kind of move and stuff.
  Um, I know, I guess, Jason, you might put this in the category of that.
  I bet I bought it, but I bought the illusion.
  I don't think I had done a hydrolator since I was a child.
  But as far as I knew that was descending, I honestly didn't know  until this research that that was a still room with effects.
  I truly didn't know that with like a little rumbling floor and lights  flickering.
 And did you guys come across the urban legend  about the lawsuit, the fake?  It's it's bullshit.
  Yes.
 So the the apocryphal tail.
  And it seems like Yesterland kind of  traced it traced it back to like Marty Sklar in an interview.
  One explanation, he's kind of tossed this out and it was like a joke going around  and then it became the tour guides were telling it.
  And it's an apocryphal story that a woman tried to sue Disney or a man.
  It changes every time that, oh, my ear drums pursed  at the pressure drop in the hydrolators.
  And then the jury and the judge went to like Disney Imaginators, like, come  look at this.
 And they open both hydrolated drawers.
  And then they immediately threw out the case.
  This clearly never this didn't happen.
  OK, OK.
  So that's just urban legend that they like to to build up.
  I heard an interview with one of the main imagineers behind this, Tim Delaney,  on the I think he's been on season past, but he's on this podcast  Tomorrow Society show to them.
  He peepers on this podcast.
  He presented the story as as real, like,  but maybe he's still keeping up the urban legend.
  And maybe that's what Marty Scar was doing, too.
  But it was that I honestly was listening to the story, and that was where I found out.
  Like, oh, wait, it wasn't it didn't move.
  I really didn't know that.
  Yeah, Tim Delaney is very cool.
  I mean, this this interview is great.
  Any interview I've heard of him is great.
  And he's a if people don't know this special about the making of Space  Mountain, Paris, where you follow him from imaginary back and forth to Paris  while he puts this attraction together, which is the first launch coaster.
  And it's the first coaster with onboard audio.
  And it seems like this guy Tim sort of thought of some of that stuff  or was really pushing for it.
  Anyway, Tim Delaney, very cool.
  And I think he's he's responsible for a lot of the cool stuff in this attraction.
  And that concept art, like how amazing the exterior looked when this thing opened.
  This was Tim Delaney.
  Interesting.
 I'm interested to know now if he's keeping up the cave, the cave,  Disney cave, as far as lawsuits are concerned.
  Maybe.
 I mean, it's the story that proves  how well the illusion worked, that people bought it.
  That woman, that hypothetical woman bought it.
  Can I I don't want this to turn into a 30 minute tangent,  but I want to ask you guys something, since we're talking about kayfabe  and whether something is real or bullshit.
  Do you guys think that Disney funerals website is real?  Do you think that's a bit do you know what I'm talking about?  This was going around like a week or two ago.
  I know something about this, but I don't know maybe enough to comment on it.
  I tweeted like a reaction or a joke to it, but I it was like about how like  if you're a real like parks, like, well, we figured out a way  to put theme park loops in your coffin and like the characters  who we can't say which characters will like kiss you goodbye,  like kiss your coffin as before it's lowered.
  And it was like a very janky website.
  This was going around this like hit regular like kind of.
 Yeah.
  Magical pass magicalpassings.
com.
  I I think it's I'm conflicted because I think  the reasons I think it's real are like regular people  don't know the phrase theme park loops and  no one else, no one in theme park world is as funny as we are.
  So like this website is pretty like darkly humorous.
  So I like this and going bold again.
  I think that is a lukewarm take.
  I don't think that's.
 Yeah.
  But this kind of went around like like  comedians were making fun of it on Twitter, too.
  And I was just like, I don't I don't know if this is real or fake.
  My choice of, by the way, the theme park music would be played in the coffin,  but also played from the gravestone.
  So all the dead and mourners would need to hear it  would be the music from the tapestry of nations for eight.
  So that that is how I haunt the living.
  I I got a I have seen this, but I haven't done enough investigating.
  I will give a ruling maybe next time we record.
  OK, I'll investigate.
  Wait, it says at the bottom.
  I'm sorry to not keep the end, but I just saw it.
  I had to say this site is satirical and a peri site.
  No actual services are performed.
  Yeah, there you go.
  The end of you magicalpassings.
com.
  I guess an interesting thought, though.
  Wait, it's that how long does this loop play forever?  In theory for a day? Yeah.
  And if it's fake, so well, got to go with droid rooms from Star Tours.
  I'll say this, I'm a little unnerved now because who?  Who that's who that's funny has entered the arena of theme park.
  I know, I know I have to tip my hat then to.
  Whoever made this site, because the specifics were very good,  but they tipped it by going like we can't post a phone number here.
  We've been harassed when we have posted it before.
  So and I think that was the real clue.
  That's a good bit.
  So shout out to whoever that is.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just I this seems pretty well done from what I could tell, but not real.
  We've we figured it out.
  Yeah.
  Back to something that can kill you, the briny depths of the sea.
  He he he he he.
  Yeah, hydrolators, they don't move.
  It's a Disney tricky elevator.
  And much like the Haunted Mansion in Florida, where that in that one,  the ground doesn't move.
 Yeah.
  And similar or wait, is it similar to the one  the elevator in Tokyo Disney Sea on Journey?  I was going to bring that up.
  I think I think that we talked about them.
  Right.
 Doesn't it?  Doesn't it move up?  Like, I think it's I think it's actually taking you up,  even though the ideas that you're moving down to the center of the earth.
  But I don't really know that geography.
  I apologize.
  Someone's yelling, of course, at the podcast.
  Not Monday, it's somebody else.
  I know which way it goes and you don't.
  We'll look at when we do the episode, when Jason goes to Japan.
  Jason, will you go to Japan right after you get the vaccine, please?  I was trying to figure out if I'm going to Japan or I'm going to Europe.
  I keep going to Japan.
  We have a ride to do.
  I know.
 I guess I guess that's the one I for days.
  Go four days because then we can do an entire year about Japan.
  OK, we can sit in bed.
  We need to do journey.
 We need to do.
  Oh, my God.
 We can get so much material out of you going to Japan.
  Oh, I mean, Jaws is just going going.
  I was going to joke because we were talking about roadie.
  Roadie would likely do sacrifice  going to a theme park to do some cultural experiences.
  And I'm the opposite.
  I'll probably end up missing a couple of cultural experiences  just to ride draws again.
  But yeah, I mean, look, as soon as I can get that vaccine and stuff,  I'll probably go to Florida as soon as I get the vaccine.
  If we have anyone in the government listening,  please put Jason on a high priority list.
  If you could change Jason's age in the like a computer to like 75,  that would be helpful.
  Yes, that is mentally.
  Yes, he was my temperament age.
  Get him on.
  I'll get him on a plane like next week.
  Yeah, you can get this vaccine going off his interests.
  He's 75.
 Yes.
  See Shanty's educational theme parks.
  Favorite character is Popeye.
  Tall ships.
  I saw a lot of tall ships as a kid, guys.
  That was Jason on a train napping while Mount Fuji goes by,  and then he wakes up at Universal Studios.
  I got a beautiful is beautiful.
  I OK, we get out of the hydrolators, which didn't actually take anywhere.
  And we get on to the sea cabs.
  Now, here with the sea cabs is where we get some some contention going.
  So, yeah, as we've said, this this ended up  what could have been a 10 minute, pretty grand trip into an underwater bubble.
  Ended up being sort of a trip through a corridor on Omni movers.
  It's three minutes long.
  It's you know, you do get cool views of the tank and depending,  you know, if you watch old videos of it, you see scuba divers  and you see cool animals and that's that's all great.
  However, so I didn't I didn't really have strong feelings about the sea cabs either way.
  But let me do some history of when the first time that my wife, Aaron,  and I discussed Epcot, I she now today, I basically I had to like  convince her like, oh, actually, this is this whole thing with Epcot  where it's like it's this early 80s aesthetic and it's really locked in time.
  And there were all these bizarre, you know, insanely long  route, all the stuff we've been talking about.
  So and I got her on board and she loves Epcot and wears an Epcot shirt all the time.
  We're all big Epcot heads.
  But when I the first time I ever brought it up, like,  what do you think about Epcot?  And she's like, oh, is that the place with the sea cabs?  I was like, oh, that's your main takeaways, the sea cabs.
  And she said, yeah, well, my family went there when I was in high school.
  And we're we like, first of all, we're confused by the map.
  Just like where are the rides?  Like, you know, can you imagine this is where we get into dad?  And I'll pin this on her father, who's great.
  But like he's looking at the he's, you know, he came from Magic Kingdom.
  We're like, there's a picture of a roller coaster.
  There's another picture of a roller coaster.
  Now we're looking at pavilions and the land and wonders of life.
  What are you talking?  And you don't see any like drawings of rides anywhere.
  So like, I don't know, let's take a stab at it.
  Let's go to the living seas.
  You get in an elevator that doesn't go anywhere.
  Then you get on the sea cabs.
  You're like, OK, here we go.
 We're on a ride.
  The ride is over in three minutes.
  The ride is mostly dark.
  It is called the sea cabs.
  Everyone is like sea cabs.
  And they just grumbled about that name all day.
  This sucks.
 You want to leave?  Yeah, let's go back to the Magic Kingdom.
  They went back to the Magic Kingdom and that was it.
  They left Epcot Center.
  They were so mad at the sea cabs.
  And that is where it loomed for Aaron's family for a long time.
  Yeah, it's like I mean, it's like going, hey, you know, I love the Beatles.
  I'm putting on this new Paul McCartney album, Ram.
  And you go like, let's just flip around.
  Oh, Ram on.
  It's like this like weird sounding ukulele song.
  Huh? Well, never mind.
  Let's go back.
 Let's go to listen to Let It Be.
  What are we doing here?  That's maybe kind of the feel.
  That's maybe the feel.
  And now have I told that story and in telling that story, have I  made Aaron into a villain of this podcast?  Much like Nick Mundy.
  You've made his.
  Have I damned Aaron?  I swear she figured it out.
  Loves Epcot.
 We love Epcot.
  We spent so much time at Epcot last time we were there.
  I know.
 I think that's a good example of like the difficulty  when theme park designers are like, let's try something different.
  Let's try something new.
  I'll say this.
  I love the Navi River journey, and I think it's rare.
  But that is trying to achieve like serenity, right?  Like it's trying to evoke a feeling of peace and relaxation.
  And in the middle of the hottest theme park in Florida,  with these like giant wait times for the attraction right above us,  that is a bit of a contrast to try and get people to go like, well, now  try a theme park ride about peace with nature.
  You know, that is a little bit of a hard sell.
  Yeah, but I don't know if it's a hard sell as much.
  First of all, Scott, I want to say you I don't think Aaron's villain,  you have made her father into a podcast, the right villain, though.
  Apparently so.
 All right.
  I will I will not say his legal name for that reason.
 Right.
  But I think with Navi River Journey, that's still a lot more clear.
  It's like if Navi River Journey was like the Living Seas Pavilion,  there would be like 10 different ways to get in  one one door led you to a place where you would eat the Navi.
  Another door led you to a place where you would go on a ride to see a Navi.
  Another ride that like another door you would like just get to the exit  of the of the river journey.
  Like it's I think it's more in the explanation and the confusion  than it is and the expectation of what something a Disney park might be  as opposed to the actual ride experience itself.
  It was like Living Seas is an aquarium.
  It's a cool aquarium with a little tiny fun ride.
  I think then you know what to expect versus like, hey, we went to like  we went we went on Pirates of the Caribbean.
  It was like nine minutes.
 It's awesome.
  It's got so many robots.
  And then you go in here and you go, what the hell is what?  We were in like a Haunin Mansion ride vehicle for three minutes  and we saw some fish.
  But what why would we?  There's no, I think the you don't take the mini ships  to the main vessel, which is your transit to the to the final pirate island  where there are six different pirate exhibits that you can break off and experience.
  So it's I have to imagine it's confusing because like a lot of those places have.
  Pre like post shows with stuff to do,  and I know they expanded some of that as it went on.
  And I remember even kind of as a kid being a little unclear,  I do remember confusion about exactly where a ride started and what  I remember that it's not nearly as clear as, you know,  going to the Magic Kingdom and just going and here's the line for this thing.
  Right.
 I would like end up in a pavilion.
  Sorry.
 Yeah.
 And then you'd be like, oh, I guess we're the exit of a ride.
  To me, that note, the thing that you said, Jason, about like  there isn't the core attraction.
  It's like a bunch of different experiences.
  That's like not super successful to me here because I think like  with the other I think I like that in the other Epcot pavilions, there is like  there's the other stuff that you do, but it is the universe of energy.
  The ride it is, you know, like there is this main simulator  in wonders of life or whatever it is.
  I think it is odd to have a ride that takes you to a place,  but it's really more of a little transportation.
  It's like it's almost like if there was only the  the the the Lieutenant Beck room and then not the rest of or  then you get off on the ship and you look at the stormtroopers  and there isn't the rest of Rise of the Resistance.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, it's like it's like you could get on at the pre-show  to Rise of the Resistance.
  You could just get on to the back Lieutenant Beck ship.
  You could also skip that and go into the just the main line for the main ride.
  Or you could enter in the back because there's a post show to it  that you could do like play on a computer.
  And if you watched, if you could watch a very dry film  about how the trade wars came to be.
  It's called the prequels.
  That's what the freak.
  Yeah, that's the pre-show of the Star Wars movies.
  Well, now, now let me but let me now let me toss off this.
  Thinking about who they would have been trying to attract  with, you know, come to Epcot, you know, the first 10 years or whatever.
  Come to Epcot, spend your money, set aside a day for this or like you get it.
  You get it.
 If you buy the hotel and you want a park ticket, we also give you Epcot.
  And the marketing of it's a permanent World's Fair and kids who are growing up in the 50s and 60s.
  Does that square more?  Does that selling make more sense to our parents generation?  Well, because you're saying that, like, since that was sort of a big thing with pavilions  and it was a little bit looser in terms of how you would manage lines and move people  in and out of things.
 Yeah.
  Maybe they might be more used to that.
  Yeah, that there is like a combination entertainment educational because I think my  I think my my mom and dad who grew up on the East Coast, like my dad went to the New York  World's Fair a number of times and they would watch the Disneyland show every Sunday and they  were just like, oh, we wish we could go to California.
 But as we have talked about in the  past, that's impossible.
 Once Disney World opened, they were primed and ready to go.
  And not just to Disney, the Magic Kingdom to eventually to Epcot.
  Well, I think from everything you've said, your parents were really enamored with the  World's Fair and went to the World's Fair.
 I don't know everything about Aaron's dad,  but I'd be willing to wager he doesn't give a fuck about the World's Fair.
  And yeah, I was going to say, yeah,  but it might factor in it when people were still getting used to like air travel going down the  coast.
 You know, I mean, when Disney World opened in the in the contemporary gift shop,  there was still like incense, fresh citrus at home year round.
 Isn't that unique?  But this is 1997 and he loves planes and roller coasters.
 He's not a troglodyte.
  No, by that point, by like 97, they start to that's when you start to see Epcot change.
  That's when you start to see interventions and more like characters and stuff.
  Yeah, I think it's just when because it's like the Disney precedent had been set for  a few decades at that point, probably then people had been trained a certain way to  experience a Disney park.
 And it was just like confusing because like the thing I think now that  we're older, there is a lot of fun for us because we go to like happen upon something.
  Like that is a fun thing to have, like because we like to roam, you like to go notice stuff.
  But most people, especially, you know, I'm sure like 10 years ago, even it's like  just give me the list of 10 things.
 What are the 10 things point me in the direction?  And I bet I bet overall there's a much bigger percentage as we get older and as  the sickness that we we give out that we super spread the pandemic of theme park  minutiae that we are helping to spread into your population.
  Too much about things.
  It appears you were exposed by three men who were very excited to tell you that  executive Frank Wells was in the tank with Scoop a Mickey on opening day.
  Does that sound familiar to you?  Yes, that does.
 Yes.
 Anytime we go to Epcot, I drag anyone around me and I point, I say,  that's where Frank Wells was.
 That's where he was in the tank.
  And opening day ceremonies, you know, there were some people in some weird,  flowy Toga things doing a song and dance.
 It was an Epcot pavilion.
 They had to have that.
  So I think as that as that subculture grows, I think maybe now it would be more acceptable now  for like that type of structure to all of this stuff.
 But yeah, I'm sure I'm sure plenty of  families had that exact same thing.
 I bet they missed big, cool things.
  Oh, yeah, 100 percent.
  Because they didn't really know where to go.
  So I don't totally agree with that assessment.
 And I had to onboard Erin about Epcot after this,  but I've always had sea calves in my head.
 Just the disdain with which she said the word sea calves.
  It just sour on the whole thing.
 I guess, I don't know.
 Now that I think about it,  I think it is kind of a dumb word.
 I'm gonna say that.
 I'm sorry if I'm pissing off any sea  calves fans out there.
 Sea cab is funny because like, if you really, it's like cat, like going,  yeah, we're going to get in the cab now.
 A cab is such a utilitarian kind of boring sounding word  just purely to get you from one place to another.
 It's not a limo.
 It's not a party,  but there's nothing fun is going to happen in the cab.
 It's just where they go.
  Yes, pure transit.
  Yes.
 Yeah, transit.
  The sea bus.
 It may as well be called like the sea bus.
  Is it? OK, this is probably a reach.
 Were they trying to connect it to these sea cows  floating in a tank near feet away from the sea calves?  Sea cows?  Yeah, manatees, sea cows, the gentle giants of the waterways.
  Yeah.
 Makes sense.
  Possible.
 I think, I mean, I think, I don't know if this was really like a direct homage,  and we'll eventually do a big episode on it.
 The original Walt Epcot vision,  open it like video he had about it was going to be a real city.
  It definitely had like Omnimover, people movers moving people in and out of cities.
  Oh, yeah.
  And I don't remember if he was going to maybe he was just going to call that a people mover.
  I haven't watched the video in a while.
 I don't think he was going to call them like air cabs,  but maybe.
  I think it had like everything because, right, because like the monorails for were  slightly medium distance, people movers were for shorter distances, and all the cars were  under the city if they had to have truck deliveries and stuff.
  And then the outside, this is like outside.
  Outside, yeah.
  Anyway, it's crazy.
  Outside is a big dome and you can't come in or leave and you're shot if you try to invade.
  Yeah.
  We should probably do that.
 We should just watch through on that one, maybe.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Eventually.
  That's a good one.
  I hate, you know, talking about bizarre footage and everything,  did anybody watch the Living Seas special, the opening special?  Yeah, the like the dancing stuff.
  No, the John Ritter hosted.
  Oh, I didn't actually.
  Yeah, I only saw snippets of this.
  This is well, I think I did too because I faded in and out of sleep.
  Now, this is a like, okay, the opening day, 1986 opening special for the Living Seas on NBC.
  This is a thing on paper that I should love.
  I love John Ritter.
  I love Olivia Newton John, who is billed as appearing in it.
  I love Duran Duran and Simon LeBond is going to be in this special.
  So like, wow, this is a stacked lineup.
  This is going to be a blast.
  This is the most bummer thing Disney has ever made.
  All the stuff you're saying about like, someday the sea will swallow you.
  That's exactly what this is.
  I was the, this is a part where  I mean, John Ritter says something about our fears of the seas are entirely justified.
  I'm like, you're from Three's Company.
  You like do Pratt Falls.
  Why didn't he bring you in to warn us about the sea?  And then it is one of the strangest things maybe ever in a Disney special, which is like, okay,  so they're showing you like, you know, different iterations of the ocean and stuff,  like including, you know, Walt's been always so obsessed with the sea  that his first cartoon was about it.
  Steamboat Willie.
  You're like, wait a minute.
  Okay.
  Well now hold on.
  It's a boat, but that's above a river.
  I don't know if, I think that is Mickey avoiding the sea, trying to stay above it.
  So that's weird.
  But then, you know, like people are still to this day obsessed with nautical stuff.
  And then they show clips of the Duran Duran Rio video, which is  just on a yacht and super cool.
  And like, okay, oh, and they're, this is actually a little hip for MTV to be talking about Duran  Duran and Rio.
  And now here's a message from Simon Laban, who very soberly describes a real experience he had  where he was part of a yacht race and the yacht capsized and he was trapped inside with six crew  members for 40 minutes and thought he was going to die.
  What?  Yeah.
  It's wild.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Simon Laban.
  Oh, is he going to sing?  Is he going to do notorious or something?  No, no, no.
  He very, it is the saddest thing he says at some point.
  Those screams still come back to haunt me.
  I also just highlighted the phrase pale blue death.
  What?  This had happened to him the year before in 1985.
  And again, you think like, what's Duran Duran doing in the 80s?  Probably living it up.
  Just like having sex with all the women being on top of the world.
  But no, Simon Laban wanted to be a yacht racer and he was punished by Poseidon.
  And now he's at the beginning of it, he says, when the producers asked me to say something  about the seas, I thought long and hard about what I would.
  And then it's like a 10 minute version of this near death story.
  I'm like, when the producers asked you to do this, you should have said,  Get the fuck out.
  This sea almost killed me.
  How dare you?  Don't you read the news?  Wow.
  Anyway, it's so weird.
  And that and this story was apparently turned.
  The boat was called Drum.
  There's a full documentary about this called Drum, the journey of a lifetime with a Philip  Glass score.
  You can hear about Simon Laban almost dying.
  And then after this in the special, Olivia Newton-John sings a really sad song about dolphins.
  And then Laura Branigan, singer of Gloria, I believe, sings the saddest song you've ever  heard.
  It's like this is a truly morose special.
  So if you want to get bummed out about it, if anybody out there is bummed about things  that are happening lately, and instead you want to be bummed about things in 1986,  watch this special.
  Wow.
  I got I'm sad I missed this now.
  I mean, I'm going to be sadder when I see it, but I'm sad I missed it in theory.
  I was I've been saving.
  Look, I go to you know, I'm very tired with the baby all the time.
  And I was like doing my research late at night and like fading in and out of that half a beer  and I'm watching this special when it's late for me at 830 p.
m.
  And like, what is he talking about?  Simon Laban almost.
  I.
  Very surreal and grim.
  I feel like I had bad dreams about Simon Laban and boats.
  Wow.
  Man, there's the living seas is just it's misery.
  Yeah, the seas will catch us all at some point and the living seas will bum us all out.
  I almost I really wish that they had like that the three minute omnimover was something much  more traumatizing than I wish they had gone a little bit harder.
  I don't know what it would be with a limited budget, but.
  I wish that part.
  You hear the moans of everyone who's drowned since the earth began.
  And they just like.
  They list them Poseidon us yells their name out.
  Samuel Frederick, Sir.
  Seven days, thirty four.
  I think they should have done that.
  I killed him.
  I killed them all.
  They crossed me and they crossed the sea.
  What if I were to tell you, though, for a certain child, the living seas  revealed a kickass discovery, which was a robot named Jason Jason.
  I didn't know about this.
  There was a robot named Jason here.
  Yeah, that's happier.
  That's good.
  That's happier.
  And I think this they were kind of predicted.
  I don't know if they intended to predict this or it was just something in the air in the 90s  that I feel like there was a lot of TV specials about deep sea exploration, which is what this  robot did.
  It was a little robot that would tell you about how we could stay underwater exploring the deeps  for weeks at a time.
  But I saw so many specials in school.
  I mean, Cameron, maybe James Cameron kickstarted it with the Titanic exploration.
  But man, there was so much in the late 80s, early 90s about exploring the deep sea that  that was the real alien.
  That was the next final frontier, not space, but the deep sea.
  Did you, Jason, did you as a child know Jason?  Did you see Jason?  I did.
  I mean, I don't know when he was put in there, but I definitely remember turning a corner  and being like, everyone, everyone, come look, come look at this.
  You got to see, get picked, break out the cameras.
  There's got to be a picture of you with Jason.
  Yeah, I'll have to start digging because I think the Jason sign and robot were around  for a while.
  And then and also I even just like the you could climb in the fake suits.
  They had the kind of explorer suits.
  Jason is an underrepresented original theme park IP also.
  Like we don't hear about Jason.
  I feel like we haven't seen any toys of Jason.
  Yeah, never heard of them.
  Yeah.
  Rectify this.
  Can we make a toy that can we 3D print something?  We I mean, I'm sure we could do it.
  I there should have been a park star of Jason.
  Yeah, both Jason's Jason shared an and the robot.
  Yeah.
  So there's also another original theme park character.
  Is it Commander Fulton?  I don't know about Commander.
  Yeah, I don't either.
  I miss Commander Fulton is the man who's talking to you on the living seas ride.
  So he's like, hi, I'm Commander Fulton.
  And then like somebody a voice comes in as like Commander Fulton.
  They have arrived at sea base alpha.
  And we never hear about the commander of the sea cabs.
  Yes, he commands the sea cabs.
  But I think, yeah, he's in charge of the operation and we never hear anything about him.
  I don't know that there's a picture of him.
  Maybe I missed it and it exists somewhere, but he's another character.
  I think we need to hear more from there.
  There's some merge illustrations of the interior of the like center of sea base alpha.
  I thought those were interesting because they came out looking.
  What they built was almost exactly what this one piece of concept art is.
  And the big centerpiece being the tube where the person would be in scuba gear  and then the water would drain and they would come out and go like, hey, everyone.
  And then they would.
  Oh, that really they'd like unfill it.
  And that's really cool.
  Yeah, there's there's video of that.
  They would unfill it.
  And then in the video I watched, the host who had been hosting put scuba gear on  and they get in and fill it back up.
  So they like switch.
  They come in and out.
  And that was very cool.
  That feels like a like a David Blaine trick or something.
  It's like there's a box that fills up with water over and over again.
  But I don't remember that as a kid.
  I just I was reminded of that in a video.
  That room is that is very cool.
  The base is extremely cool.
  It's not like you get nothing after the sea cabs because you get to see  so many great animals.
  It is a great reveal when you end up in that room.
  That is a really grand room.
  And yeah, and there's a ton to do and lots to explore in there.
  Yeah.
  And there's some in some concept art, there were pictures of it was a little bit more  like Star Trek.
  And then some of the outfits and some of the concept art were like there's a I think  there's an episode of Star Trek Next Generation where Commander Riker is fencing in a like a red  like exoskeleton.
  Let me make sure that that's right.
  And some of the concept art made it look like they would make everybody like wear outfits  like that.
  But I got to find this.
  It's pretty Star Trek.
  Probably is very Next Generation-y in there.
  Okay.
  I'd like to apologize.
  Riker was not fencing.
  He was doing a like a version of like some space martial arts in this outfit that I've  pulled up here.
  I really got to watch this show, don't I?  Yeah, no, I think so.
  Yeah.
  You know, it's a time if I've gone this far in quarantine and not given this ago.
  There's a lot of nonsense in it.
  But yeah, so yeah, there's like outfits like this kind of like almost it's Tron-ish.
  It looks almost like football pads, but it's like an approximation of like 80s space.
  With like Chinese symbols on it.
  Yeah, I assume it's an alien language.
  But oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's probably correct.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  So anyway, there was some concept art I was looking at and I was like, oh man, they were  thinking like a little like they probably ended up just going with your usual Disney-like claw,  like wool space outfits that every, you know, tomorrow land person has to wear.
  But they like, it looked like they were maybe thinking of something a little more ambitious  for a while.
  A little Star Trek-y.
  There's one original IP that I can bring to the table too.
  Do you guys know about Drew?  No.
  I know.
  According to this is a Twitter user named at Cable, C-A-B-E-L.
  Apparently they tested pretty briefly in the Living Seas in 1999 a character named Drew  One and Drew stands for Dolphin Robotic Unit.
  Wow.
  They swam a robotic dolphin around in that tank.
  Who waved to guests, who smiled, who was extremely realistic.
  It's really well done.
  I don't know why they didn't use it more if they or if it ended up having non-Disney uses.
  Did it have like a like a saddle on it or was it wearing clothes?  I believe yes.
  So that it could say Drew One on the side.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  I saw the concept art of Drew One.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  Because I was like, there's a dolphin wearing a saddle in this tank.
  Like is somebody going to ride that dolphin around?  But I didn't know it was a robot.
  It looked obviously it was a drawing.
  So nobody wrote it, I guess, but it existed.
  And that was made by a company called Edge Innovations that went on to build the Navi  in the tank in Avatar Flight of Passage.
  One of the most striking, you know, physical beings anywhere in the parks.
  Also made Imatep, my good buddy in Revenge of the Mummy, who I declared cute, I think in a  miniature pony kind of way.
  So I'm all about this company.
  They did good.
  They do great stuff.
  Wow, man, a robot dolphin.
  That would have been great too.
  Yeah, I would never have forgotten that if I was a kid.
  I feel like if I was like there's a dolphin with a saddle with his name on it.
  There's footage if you Google it.
  There's a whole YouTube video, I think, posted by one of the people who produced the robot.
  And yeah, I feel like it could have been a mainstay if they had kept it.
  I don't know why they didn't.
  But we know with like Jaws, obviously robot, water, tough to do.
  At this point, is there even a prominent, I mean, they have the Jaws.
  It's been working still in Japan and it was working in Orlando.
  But I feel like they try to stay away from that still to this day.
  Yeah, yeah, I can't imagine they would mix super well.
  Yeah, too bad.
  Poor Drew.
  What else in the exhibit that we want to talk about?  I mean, it's like, well, there's not so many like this landmark show or thing besides Jason, obviously.
  Right.
  Jason is the number one thing you would have wanted to go see.
  Yeah, I mean, we can pivot from robot dolphin to like the real real Adam.
  I mean, I don't have the full list of all the things you can see there at times have been dolphins.
  Here is a haunting picture of a scuba diver and a dolphin from the pictorial souvenir of Walt Disney World.
  This was the Living Seas pages you can see.
  I think I would have gotten this book clearly after 1986 when the pavilion opened.
  But I think my family was down there in 88 maybe and got this.
  And but I got I got a bunch of stuff I was reading about the manatees.
  I mean, when we went down, the the gentle giants, the the seafaring mammals,  when we went down them, I think you've you just you describe them so glowingly.
  I love I think I spent so much time staring at the manatees when we were there in Florida  when we did the live show.
  Did you ever did you think maybe if they could put a little saddle on one of them,  you could ride them around?  I mean, I would love it.
 They're very strong.
 They're very large.
  They can grow upwards of twelve hundred pounds.
  They're very they're not aggressive.
  I saw something online just today.
  A manatee's body is so soft that if the animal crashes into a swimmer,  it's like being bumped by a giant pillow.
  What?  Yes, this is your dream animal.
  It's great.
  And then pillow animal, a pillow animal.
  Wow.
  They cannot bite you because of the way their snouts are shaped.
  They're not aggressive.
  And of course, the kings, the current manatees are still there.
  Last I saw a post in twenty twenty, I think the ones we saw in twenty nineteen,  Lil Joe and Lou.
  Uh, Lil Joe has been released into the wild and then rescued multiple times.
  Oh, no, Joe, Lil Joe here.
  I think this is the South Florida Sun Sentinel, I believe is the name of the paper.
  Lil Joe first became a public figure in nineteen eighty nine when  rescued from the Halifax River near Daytona Beach.
  Let's see what else about him.
  Captain captivity.
  Lil Joe would be bottle fed by President George H.
W.
  Bush at SeaWorld in Orlando and sent to wow audiences in San Diego, Cincinnati and Tampa.
  I'm a bottle bottle fed by George.
  Bottle fed him like like George W.
  Bush.
  Yeah.
  How many creatures has George Bush bottle fed?  Chip.
  Can we?  Yeah.
  And well, Joe.
  Maybe Billy.
  Little Joe, my favorite son.
  Maybe Billy Bush, if he came over like when he was little.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yes.
  Loaded feed Billy.
  What else about little Joe?  There's lots of facts.
  Manatee caretakers gradually gained confidence that a really big animal like little Joe,  he peaked at nineteen hundred pounds and ten and a half feet long, could survive on his own.
  He was released in the St.
 John's River in 2011 and recaptured after being found stunned by cold.
  Little Joe, this makes me so sad.
  Geez, this poor pillow.
  They did a short rehab, released him again, lost track of him and worried he died.
  But then in 2012, they found him again.
  This is sad, but kind of funny.
  Little Joe nearly froze to death and ate a boat cushion during a flirt with freedom a  couple of years ago.
  A boat cushion?  A boat cushion, yes.
  And they said once they got the undigested boat cushion pieces out of him,  he was back to eating a hundred heads of lettuce a day.
  And the article concludes with this very moving statement, quote, he's so big, said Cooper  Lincolnton, twelve of North Carolina, looking through the glass side of Manatee Pool,  twelve feet deep, and quote, peaceful.
  So this show, we respect little Joe, all due respect to little Joe.
  We stan, would you say we stan him?  We stan Lou and little Joe.
  One of them, you know, their fin is a little, little chewed up by boats, of course.
  Yeah, that's the thing that really gets them is boats and speedboats and waterways.
  Could I request of the audience, I feel like I haven't called for a fan art yet, but could  I get a photo of Jason sleeping on little Joe with a soaking wet blanket on top of him?  I'll do whatever little Joe asks for me.
  One of the Manatees in that TV special, they have to like, yeah, they have to transport him,  I think.
  They have to fill a giant flatbed thing with saltwater and lift him with a crane into it  so that he can be cared for at Animal Kingdom and then brought back.
  I think that was one of the Manatees.
  How old is little Joe?  I'm not quite sure.
  There's so much about, and I also lost track of how many times he's been rescued.
  He's been released and re-rescued.
  Interesting.
  He's, you know what's happening?  He's trying his best.
  He is.
  Little Joe is trying his best, like so many of the great theme park characters.
  Yeah.
  He's, maybe he's the best step cop character right now?  Hmm.
  Maybe?  I think that's right.
  Maybe he's better than evil figment, than bad figment.
  Right.
  Dark figment.
  Dark figment.
  Toilet figment.
  Manatees can live 60 to 60.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Little Joe could be up there.
  He's as old as us, probably.
  Yeah.
  A manatee in his mid-30s, and I don't know if he's childless or not, but maybe.
  A childless manatee in his mid-30s.
  The living sea is hosted by one childless manatee in his mid-30s.
  He's as soft as a pillow.
  Wow.
  Little Joe.
  I love little Joe.
  Wow.
  I do too now.
  I'm so glad you learned about little Joe.
  Listen to our voices all lilting now.
  Hearing about a pillow makes me so relaxed.
  I think only makes love even more.
  He's an orphan.
  They found him.
  He was orphaned.
  He was so little.
  And the first two to three years, apparently, the manatee lifespan, that's how they learned  how to exist in the world.
  And he just, he didn't get any of it.
  Do manatees-  Like so many Disney characters.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Do manatees like hugs from humans?  I was reading online.
  They're so protected, I don't even think you're supposed to pet them.
  But apparently, they will nuzzle up to boats.
  They will surface.
  So I'm guessing then little kisses are out of the question.
  You know, it's kind of, there are limited experience.
  You can pay to scuba or snorkel in the living seas.
  They still offer those options.
  Can you kiss the fish when you scuba dive?  Can I do a chill sesh with Lil Joe?  If you sing a sea shanty on TikTok with him.
  If you slip the guy, the scuba guy, a hundred bucks, he'll let you kiss the fish.
  It's a little bit of a hack there before you do it.
  No, I'm not going to let you do that.
  I am going to look the other way.
  And if any kissing happens when I'm turned over here, then so be it.
  But only little kisses.
  I'll hear a big kiss.
  Not full on smooch, I'll hear.
  Not full on Bugs Bunny, Elmer Fudd kiss.
  Not that.
  Yeah.
  Just a little, a little kiss.
  I do remember them feeding the manatees when we were there.
  I don't remember if children were able to toss in heads of lettuce.
  If that was the case, I'm sure I was like eyeing my in.
  I was like, OK, after that kid, there's a break.
  Maybe I could hop over and toss him a big thing of romaine.
  My name is Jason, like the robot used to be here.
  I brought my own romaine from home.
  I got the band.
  What makes them more special?  OK, I've got object permanence, really good object permanence.
  It's 30 heads of lettuce on me, on my person at all times.
  My backpack.
  Like a few of like Felix's magic bag full of lettuce.
  That's a reference.
  I apologize.
  Felix the cat.
  I don't think I knew Felix had a magic bag.
  Yeah, Felix the cat had a magic bag where he could like,  it's like Mary Poppins bag.
  You could pull whatever you wanted out of it.
  Anything.
  We're not into TikTok.
  People are like Felix the cat's magic bag.
  We should try to get the Felix the cat challenge going of like people pulling unlimited items out of their bags.
  Oh, that's good.
  Yeah, that's pretty good.
  I think that would be the new trend among today's units.
  It's called sea shanties.
  You're out.
  It's called Felixing.
  It's got sea shanties on the run.
  Watch out Poseidon.
  Felixing is the new trend.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  Oh, my God.
  Okay.
  Well, Lil Joe the best IP in here.
  I mean, I guess we could talk about the Nemo overlay, which, you know,  we don't have to spend a lot of time on it.
  Really is like the same.
  All right.
  So what used to be the sea cabs, it was all closed for a long time.
  That's the big thing that happened.
  In what Wikipedia blames on September 11th, the hydrolators in the sea cabs were shut down  and you could just walk into the thing.
  Not sure why those correlate, but I guess they're cutting, you know, budget  because nobody's traveling.
  So it was kind of an underwhelming version of the living seas for a long time  until they installed Turtle Talk with Crush.
  This is the first place to have Turtle Talk with Crush,  which is at California Adventure and a number of other parks.
  And that sort of not only infused new life, but it sort of pointed the way that,  oh, maybe we got to get more Nemo in here.
  So now it is a fully Nemo-ified experience.
  And that mainly manifests in the sea cabs where you see Nemo and friends.
  And it's roughly the same as what happens in the submarine voyage, correct?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I had convinced myself that the submarine voyage came first.
  It did not.
  The seas with Nemo came first.
  And I think the reason I had convinced myself that was because my first reaction,  the first time I did the Nemo Omnibover was, well, this looks a little cheap.
  This kind of looks not great.
  So I like the fake dune and the queue.
  But yeah, I don't, I'm not the biggest fan of the Nemo stuff in here.
  I can, I sort of, I remember seeing that movie opening weekend and going like,  I can take her.
  I didn't.
  I like a lot of movies.
  I didn't.
  Oh really?  That was fine.
  Nemo's on your list?  Nemo's on my list.
  I think Finding Dory is the better movie.
  Really?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I think just the escape movie.
  Some of those Pixar movies where they just do the sequel as a genre movie.
  I think they have a little more fun.
  Cars, yeah, they maybe got a little better with that.
  Yeah, Cars 2 is insane.
  Absolutely insane.
  Cars 2 is insane, yeah.
  I've never seen it, honestly.
  Doesn't it open with a car getting tortured by another car?  Yeah, it's a spy movie and it's crazy.
  It's like only Mater's a spy now.
  Wow.
  Oh yikes.
  Yes.
  I know, I like Finding Nemo and I like that there is some Finding Nemo aesthetics,  not only here but in other places.
  I like the seagulls, the mind, mind, mind.
  I like that they're at Disneyland, I like that they're outside.
  The mural they put in sort of takes away from the brutalist original Epcot feel,  but I like them on the rocks.
  I like the Nemo music and I like that Nemo music shows up in various attractions.
  I do think that in general they are doing Nemo dirty in the parks because you got  submarines which I feel like people are mixed on.
  I'm mixed on it.
  As we've discussed, I'm mixed on the sea caps.
  There is a simulator at Disney Sea that is fine, but by the Disney Sea standards,  it wasn't in my top 10.
  I don't think it would be in a lot of people's.
  There's a crushed coaster in Paris which is.
.
.
  Actually, I didn't get to do it.
  It looks cool.
  But there isn't an exceptional Nemo attraction, I don't believe.
  No.
  I think timing-wise, Nemo.
.
.
  Because of when the movie came out and because of what needed to be renovated and what was on  the chopping block potentially, Nemo then got saddled with these things.
  Literally, all Nemo was doing is propping up stuff that wasn't that popular or there  was a problem with the system.
  It's expensive to run the subs if no one's going to go on them.
  All right, we'll throw Nemo on there.
  Nemo is like a stopgap.
  It's like to extend the life of something for another decade maybe or two decades.
  It's timing.
  I think a lot of us just do the timing.
  Turtle Talk with Crush is the most fully realized cool experience that utilizes that  movie and those characters.
  But yeah, Nemo.
.
.
  I'm trying to think of this another example of a movie that is just like,  its popularity is just being used to not have to spend more money essentially.
  Like to bulldoze something and bring up a new ride, which will eventually happen at  least to the subs in Disneyland.
  A little bit of Frozen, Frozen somewhat.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I don't think Frozen Ever After is quite that, but like.
.
.
  No, I love Frozen Ever After though.
  So.
.
.
  Yeah, I do too.
  Does everyone?  We'll find out.
  We will find out soon.
  And Guardians of the Galaxy obviously is a re-theme, but they did a great job with it.
  It's just there's nothing I can think of that's such a popular movie.
  Finding Nemo is so popular.
  At least the first one was.
  Yeah.
  There's no rides that.
.
.
  Nemo is all of these rides that are a version of putting a book under a broken leg of a chair.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  And it's timing, I think.
  You know what?  I'm not happy that Nemo took the Hydra later, but the other thing that we haven't really  talked about that I loved as a kid, this sign and the constant splashing water I thought  was the coolest.
  The mural.
  Good call.
  The splashing water, the sign, and this kind of looks like shit.
  I like it.
  It's a little 2000-y.
  It's a little gross.
  It's not bad, but it doesn't have the vibe of the first one.
  I don't mind the abstract depiction of the characters of the manatees and the fishes  and everything.
  They blend okay with that mural, but the logo, especially when the living seas is just such.
.
.
  That's just that beautiful Epcot font and beautiful unfriendly steel just getting to  shine in the sun.
  Which they have slowly been putting back in the pavilion if you see in these pictures.
  It's not the same font if I'm going to be picky.
  It's more rounded, but I like this font.
  I do like it a lot.
  This does feel like a revised, reimagined version of the original vibe.
  And we should point out that the little areas inside are called modules.
  I like that.
  Which I'm a big fan of.
  That one last one you showed was like module 1B, which was the manatees.
  Yeah.
  Again, if we were less lazy, we could be joined by the module keeper.
  But we're at the end of the episode almost.
  We'll have to talk modules in depth later, I think.
  Can I talk about something that was missing from the sign that you just showed, Jason,  but it was there when the attraction opened, and that is the nod to the sponsor, United  Technologies.
  Okay.
  So you alluded to this a little bit.
  United Technologies now a part of Raytheon, which might imply what kind of company they  are.
  But this is what I alluded to a while back, and I sort of pulled this from a Jim Hill  article.
  That when this attraction was proposed, they wanted to do all this fantastic stuff.
  They wanted Poseidon.
  They wanted a curtain of water.
  They wanted it to be the base to be entirely underwater, and you travel in pearls.
  It was going to be a lot more grand.
  But the bill was being footed by United Technologies, and they put a lot of money into  it.
  This was an extremely expensive $90 million at the time.
  They spent a lot of money.
  They did not spend money, but they were like, well, within that, I don't know, all the  other stuff, do we need all the fantastical, all the frills and everything?  Can't we just show off our suits?  Like, we have these diving suits, and we have those now, and we kind of want people to be  interested in them, so put the suits in there.
  So that's sort of why it ends up being clinical at times.
  You actually, Jim Hill describes some of the attraction as dry and academic, and I don't  disagree with that.
  Some of it certainly.
  Yeah.
  So I'm like, all right, well, what is this weird company that would pay for it, but then  not want to do any of the cool stuff?  Like, you're going to reject Poseidon?  You're that limited in your imagination?  What is the deal with United Technologies?  And the big thing that I found is that, okay, so United Technologies made Otis elevators.
  That's fine.
  I got no beef with Otis.
  They made helicopters such as Blackhawks, and they made engines for military jets.
  So they really are like a military parts company.
  In the early 90s, when this attraction had only been open for a little while, United  Technologies pleaded guilty to four felonies and agreed to pay $6 million in penalties  to the US government in connection with the Pentagon influence peddling scandal.
  What happened was they were trying to get the inside line.
  They wanted to build this engine for the government, an F-404, and they were trying to  figure out how to do it cheaper than their competition, General Electric, sponsors of  Horizons across the way.
  So two Epcot sponsors are trying to build jet engines.
  They're competing against each other.
  They go to a guy named Melvin Paisley, who is the Assistant Secretary of the Navy under  Reagan, and he had quit the Pentagon, and now he knows all of this info.
  He knows how much things cost, and he accepted money from United Technologies to help them  underbid so that they could get this military contract.
  This all got found out.
  United Technologies had to pay $6 million.
  Melvin Paisley went to prison for four years.
  There were 58 convictions as part of this scandal.
  The entire thing was called Operation Ill Wind.
  This was a massive, massive corruption and fraud and bribery investigation that also  embroiled, among the other companies embroiled in the scandal, General Electric, as I mentioned,  sponsors of Horizons, and Sperry Univac, sponsors of the Astuter Computer Review and SmartOne.
  The people who paid for Horizons, Carousel of Progress, SmartOne, and the Living Seas  were all committing fraud to try to get military contracts.
  When you realize that Epcot is this showcase of awful companies, hellish companies trying to help  bombs drop.
  Oh boy.
  Man, yeah, that is wild.
  And they don't want Poseidon?  And they, yes, but mainly, okay, all that, building the weapons and everything, or building  the engines to drop bombs, that's one thing, but depriving us of Poseidon, this like, is it  fair to call it edging, would you?  Where they give us, excuse me, they're getting something, yeah, they're getting close to  something good, but then not all the way with it, like Poseidon would be.
  Yeah.
  The other thing, so the engine that they wanted to build, so they did end up building engines for  the specific plane Hornet Fighters, which were heavily used in Operation Desert Storm  and the subsequent Iraq War, so thank you United Technologies.
  Hornet Fighters were the basis of the characters Bravo and Echo from Disney's planes,  here they are.
  Voiced by Val Kilmer and Anthony Edwards in a nod to Top Gun.
  And isn't that cute?  There they are, cute little planes, the Trump bombs on Iraq.
  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah, it's really, it really speaks to like my brain where you're like talking about how  horrible the companies are, and I was like, but what about Poseidon?  That's still, look, that's still where I am.
  Absolutely.
  Look, of course, I accept that especially Epcot Center, which I've spent so much of my life  thinking about, was full of evil military contract companies, but if you're going to do that,  then give us cool stuff too.
  General Electric did bad stuff, but then they took us to Mesa Verde and they showed us a kid  upside down and an animatronic seal, and they financed Sherman Brothers songs and stuff.
  So you got to give us some good with the evil.
  That's what I demand.
  Right.
  It's an equal and it's an equal split cosmically.
  Yes, yes.
  All the way.
  Yeah.
  50-50 good and evil and then you'll be fine.
  That's right.
  Do we think that like the National Geographic Society, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography,  all these other oceanographic groups were also pushing like, hey, maybe not the fantasy.
  We have a lot of marine biology to do and rescue stuff.
  I saw that it was literally like the company was like, here's 90 million bucks.
  That's what you get.
  And they were like, well, we can't make Poseidon $90 million.
  Oh, I see.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  It got cut way back just because of budget-wise that this is how much they were willing to spend.
  And then unfortunately, yeah.
  Look, I always say if you're not going to do Poseidon right, don't do them at all.
  Yeah.
  So that's really the word.
  Poseidon.
  Because Poseidon wouldn't have been bothering the researchers, I don't think.
  Unless there was going to be an animatronic blowing big jets of bubbles and messing up  ecosystems and hurting animals.
  Hey, four eyes, what are you doing over there?  You're telling lies.
  The tides happen because of me, not the stupid moon.
  Little Joe couldn't cut it in the wild, could you?  Came back home to mommy, huh, little Joe?  He's taunting little Joe.
  That's a real heel turn if I've ever heard one.
  Poseidon's a bastard.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Oh, no.
  Yeah, he's a power player.
  He's a jerk.
  Yeah, so it's good that he's not there.
  Yeah, thank God.
  And then we're just left with little Joe.
  I mean, yeah, look, there's been ups and downs.
  We don't have Poseidon, but we have little Joe.
  You made me realize the warmth at the heart of this attraction.
  And I'm just glad he has a place to stay safe.
  It was all worth it.
  United Technologies, the sea cabs, every bit of it.
  I wouldn't take one bit of it back.
  Yeah, so little Joe, I think they need to put little Joe out front a little more.
  I think they need to do some cartoon versions of him.
  Like we did a Patreon episode with Earl the Squirrel,  which is a character universal that sort of was a realistic looking robot.
  But then they made him a cartoon.
  Let's have a cartoon of little Joe.
  You know, let's do that.
  And let's go all the way.
  Well, I like to see in Avengers of fairly unpopular aquatic animals,  like there could be little Joe.
  There's the shrimp mascot from Bubba Gump.
  I know he has a name, but I don't.
  I'm disappointed in myself.
  I don't know it offhand.
  Does anyone know?  We should know that.
  Somebody just brought him up to me and I was like, yeah, why don't I know his name?  Seems like the kind of thing we would know.
  The dirty shrimp man.
  Yeah, everyone knows he's dirty.
  Yeah, I might put you know, there was a cartoon of Free Willy where he talked.
  Maybe we could put talking Free Willy in the aquatic Avengers.
  Oh, what's the Aqua Avengers?  There we go.
  That's good.
  What's the talking dolphin from SeaQuest's name?  Oh, I don't remember.
  Oh, yeah, I don't think I ever knew that.
  But Drew can be in there.
  Drew's going in.
  Drew can be in there.
  Oh, Darfin, Darfin, Darwin.
  I like Darvin, though, too.
  Wait, Darwin is the no Darwin's not the Bubba Gump.
  Darwin.
  No, no, Darwin's the Sequa.
  Darwin was an intelligent dolphin capable of capable of communication.
  He was a close friend of Captain Nathan Bridger and Lucas Wall.
  Wall is it?  I don't know.
  Can't pronounce his last name.
  I apologize.
  Yeah, sequence fans.
  Is this our plus up?  We've gotten some requests for plus it up.
  Oh, to bring back plus it up.
  Sure.
  Yeah, I mean, pushing little Joe.
  Yeah, pushing little Joe.
  Little Joe, like enticing people to come in.
  Little Joe dancing around out front like a Bubba Gump.
  Sad to say the Fish Police will not be joining as many of them have been stripped of their shields  and guns for their maybe coordination for the Capitol riot events.
  The capital of Atlantis.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yes, the capital of Atlantis, where all those all those like the deep sea fish  that have never seen the sun try to open the core.
  They open the coral.
  They open the coral.
  Yeah, they rotate it to theater gates.
  No.
  Yeah, they've been stripped of their shields, which have big starfish on the front  and their guns that shoot little bones.
  Yes.
  My plus up is I would like to return to a more terrifying living sea.
  That's good.
  You can keep the Nemo and friends on there, but like let's make that like let's bring the score  back that's really going to be haunting and let's let like the Nemo friends remind you like  if we get a hold of you, we will kill you.
  Like they'll like we that's more dangerous fish here.
  Don't fuck with us.
  Would you like it if I don't know if trickery is involved in your dark vision or could be,  but would you like if kids and families lined up for turtle talk with crush  and then when they entered the theater, it's like a psych moment.
  And instead you have to watch all of drum the journey of a lifetime  and learn about Simon LeBond's brush with pale blue death.
  I think, okay, wait, I like that.
  I like that.
  How about it's yeah, it's advertised at a turtle talk, but it's like the same turtle talk technology,  but it's Simon LeBond from Duran Duran.
  So it's a teenager playing him from behind a screen.
  And then he like asks people questions and then he ties everything back to the  yachting accidents to try to warn people.
  So like a child five years old, like, does anyone have a question for Simon?  Yes, you there in the striped shirt and like, I well, are you who are you?  What?  Well, it all goes back to my yachting accident.
  And then everything is about the yachting accident and that gives everybody,  you know, they understand how dangerous the sea is.
  Eventually a mom is like, oh, hey, so, you know, I love hungry like the wolf.
  One of my favorite songs growing up.
  How did you come up with that?  Well, it's I don't remember anymore because I'm my brain is fogged by visions of pale blue death.
  I don't really speak of my music anymore.
  Yeah, I think that's good, Jason.
  Respect is earned in many ways.
  Sometimes it's earned by the heartwarming story like little Joe.
  Sometimes it's earned by learning about respect for the sea by  seeing the mighty power of it in your yachting accident.
  You know, and I'll do that like Simon Le Bon would have done it.
  He said it.
  Respect is earned in a myriad of ways.
  Sometimes by just seeing this beautiful big pillow animal and his many trials and tribulations  and other times by getting getting my ass handed to me in a yachting accident.
  Can we drop Philip Glass score in there?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Throw that in a ton of glass.
  In that case, I think that's a beautiful note to go out on.
  I agree.
  Unless there's any objections.
  I think you survived pale blue podcast the ride just narrowly.
  A trip under the sea.
  Boy, oh boy, we met new friends, met new enemies.
  And that was something for more journeys of a lifetime with us.
  Be sure to follow us on all the social medias.
  Send us your gripes.
  We're still collecting gripes, which you can send us.
  If you look up the tweet where we posted it, gripes aren't really in a clear place.
  You'll figure it out.
  But there is one clear place.
  Put in the description for this episode.
  It was in the last description.
  Thanks, Jason.
  Good.
  Yeah.
  Those of you who just emailed your gripes, tis tis, gotta listen.
  Rule number one, you go to the spreadsheet.
  And rule number two, you have to say, yeah, I got a gripe.
  All right.
  A lot of people did.
  We'll read gripes that don't, but we'll give them a little tisk tisk as we do.
  A more clear web address is patreon.
com slash podcast the ride, home to podcast the ride.
  The second gate where you get three bonus episodes every month.
  Go there right now to learn about Six Flags roller coaster cuts.
  The failed hair salon for children started by Six Flags, which very quickly went underwater.
  Very good.
  Yeah.
  Oh boy.
  Tied it all up.
  Well, I just, yeah, like, just remember, like, the sea is not your friend.
  You know, but where is the sea?  Don't go out there.
  Don't end this episode and start thinking you're friends with the sea, but where it all costs.
  The side and sand will strike you.
  Be very careful of the sea.
  It is memorable and varied, but it does not use butters like sauces and spices to enhance  its delicately flavored seafood entrees, which is how the pictorial souvenir of Walt Disney  World describes the offerings of the coral reef restaurant to presumably children buying this book.
  Jesus Christ.
  Okay.
  Well, thanks, book.
  That was nice.
  Thanks for ending the show on a weird notebook.
  Okay.
  Bye bye.
  Bye.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Cilio,  and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our  shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
