Five, four, three, two, one.
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate,
where it's time for us to sacrament go
back to California Adventure.
We've got some more Dwar takes,
and we still have to talk about the big bear.
I'm Jason Sheridan joined as always by Scott Gardner.
Hang on.
Didn't we talk about the big bear already?
Yeah, we talked about the bear.
I'm here, and what happened to our names?
What happened to our California names?
Stop there.
What happened to those California based names for us?
You know, I wore out all my puns,
and I warned you they were not good, and here we are.
Okay, well, it's the second gate.
I hope people won't be upset
that the puns were not flying as fast.
We'll try to make up for it as the episode goes on.
Yeah, you know, I do actually,
I have a pun based challenge to present later in the episode.
So we can look forward to some puns there,
and we'll have to think on our feet for that one.
Okay, I'll get ready.
You know what I think is nice,
we could say at the top is that by here,
so this is a two parter as you probably know.
We bit off more than we could chew in DCA 1.0,
so we had to do DCA 1.0.2 here on the second gate,
and we'll cover everything that we didn't talk about
about the original California adventure kooky vibes.
But it's nice that we can do it here on the second gate
because it can follow the music, the second gate theme,
which is very early DCA inspired.
I guess it's kind of like California screaming
more than anything.
Yes, it was inspired by California screaming,
I'm trying to think, and walking around
and walking around the Grand Californian.
That was my inspiration.
The actual music body itself is very like,
you're hearing the guitar,
I guess it's called Flamenco guitar,
but like around, I don't know,
walking around near the hotel,
and then you have the countdown.
Like resorty smooth jazz kind of,
which I may be forgetting that especially
in that Napa area, it was all kind of like,
yeah, like lame acoustic jazz for a long time.
Maybe still is, I don't remember what they play now.
It still is in places is my memory of it,
which has been so long since I've roamed that area.
It feels like forever ago that I would go into
just like whitewater snacks, get a large drink,
and open a laptop over by the,
like the shady area of the pool.
It's not by the pool, but it's like tucked away
by whitewater snacks.
You know what I'm talking about.
You're fondly recalling when you would go work there.
That's what you're flushing to for it nostalgically.
Yes, and I would rack up fast passes for a few hours,
and then go on a bunch of stuff and leave.
The greatest thing you can do in your 30s.
Well, that's one thing that California Adventure
succeeded in is setting up great places to work
and do commerce.
Not for, I mean, the hotel is another,
obviously the hotel is not in this.
There's a lot of probably sectioning off
that we have to do.
Well, this is, I mean, look,
the California Adventure episodes are really a lot like,
you know, your Mandalorian Disney Plus show
in the sense that that's really just
a starting off point for 10 other series slash episodes.
It's not just Mandalorian.
You're gonna get the Bad Batch.
You're gonna get Ahsoka, and for this,
you're gonna get episodes about steps in time eventually.
Yeah.
The California Hyperion show that is kind of a nightmare.
Yeah, we did not miss.
Soap opera bistro, et cetera.
Yeah, we did not miss Soap Opera Bistro.
We're not fools.
We know about soap opera bistro.
We talked about it with Matt Corley, right?
Yeah, we could have.
But it's probably its own thing, I think.
Yeah, it'll be its own thing.
What'll happen at the end of this episode
is that there's a big, there's like a figure
and you can't quite see their face and who is it?
That must imply some adventures for the 1.0.3,
and then they take off their hood and it's Caliphia.
It's Queen Caliphia, star of golden dreams,
which is also, which is what we were gonna do.
We bumped it because of this overflow that we had.
So Caliphia's day will come someday in the future.
So the door opens and it's Queen Caliphia, spoiler alert.
That's what happens at the end of this.
Sorry, but just don't tweet about it.
Let people go in surprised.
Even though we're saying it in the middle of the episode.
So I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
Yes, yeah.
I apologize.
The tweeting would be the problem.
And like Queen Caliphia is standing in the corner
of the room like the end of Blair Witch.
And you're like, oh shit, is she okay?
And she's not.
She's not.
She's not okay, but she will have her own spin-off as well.
I think on Disney Plus, I think.
Yeah. I assume by the end of this.
We're so proud to be streaming.
Finally bringing Park's favorite Queen Caliphia
to the Disney Plus screen, the mid-size to the mid-size screen.
Yes, and I can- Just need one.
Yeah, go ahead, Jason.
Oh, I was gonna say, I can only assume the villain
of her show will be like the main character
from There Will Be Blood or like any number of oil barons
or water baron freaks that really ran California
into the ground.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
Yeah, just a series of those who don't represent
or who don't like respect the gift that she gave us.
The great, the California-shaped mass,
as we established in the last one,
California Adventure was really glorified,
just the shape of California,
which came to Caliphia in a dream
or she went into a trance and then like woke up
in a pool of her own blood and that was the shape
and she knew that had to be the shape of California.
Robert Wolfgang, oh, I'm home, thank God.
You were there and you were there.
Wait, are you, Robert and Wolfgang being the restaurateurs?
Yeah, being the restaurateurs who got the F out of there
really fast.
It took me a sec, Robert, yeah, it was a Robert Mondavi thing
and a Wolfgang Puck thing and they didn't stick around.
It was a tough first year.
A lot of bad stuff happened, general bad tourism.
You know, this, as we've said, this was,
the park opened in 2001 and it didn't meet
the attendance that it was supposed to,
fell short for the first six months.
It was like always bad, but then in September,
I feel like it took another big turn
and Jason, is there like anything you wanna put this
in the context of, like something that might've been
happening around that time?
Now, I did look into this
because it didn't come up last episode
of the tourism downturn after the September 11th attacks
because I was trying to do the math of like,
there were about a little over one million off
for Disneyland estimated attendance
and two million off for California Adventure.
I was like, well, wait, if the tourism downturn happened,
you know, October, November, December,
second half of September,
would that make up for their estimates?
But I was reading, Mouse Planet was doing a retrospective
of DCA and their number had it right before
the September 11th attacks, DCA's daily numbers,
attendance numbers were at like 4,500 people a day.
4,500?
4,500 and they were estimating much more than that.
They were estimating close to 20,000 a day.
Wow.
So you were saying you cannot blame 9-11 necessarily
on the failure of California Adventure,
which I guess I would agree with it as-
Well, certainly the tourism downturn didn't help,
but it was already on like a crashing rocket ship,
way down even before that.
And yeah, with the restaurateurs getting out of there
and they're like desperately,
they got the who wants to be a millionaire attraction
in there and then they moved the
Main Street Electrical Parade over.
So like they started patching it in like 2002,
but like Bugs Land eventually comes along.
Well, don't forget the first patch.
You did have the patch of the Rock in the Bay
concert series, which we touched on a little bit.
I think in the first summer they got that going,
which wait, now I gotta find the Yesterland for that.
This is one of the, you know, it's like the pool
of performers who came and did concerts
in that first summer.
It's not unlike the people who play at Epcot,
like that are always in the Epcot circuit.
Right.
But just seeing it all condensed into one list of bands,
you just, you never have more like asterisks
and featureings and withs and the review featuring with,
like there's so many qualifications to,
like if you look at the list here,
the Beach Boys featuring Mike Love and Bruce Johnston,
The Temptations review featuring Dennis Edwards,
David Clayton Thomas with Blood, Sweat and Tears,
Herman's new, Herman starring Peter Noon, Starship,
featuring Mickey Thomas, The Turtles featuring Flo and Eddie,
The Monkey starring Davy Jones and Mickey Dolan.
It's like, it's a really complicated rubric to figure.
So who's there?
Like who's available is what this feels like.
Oh, who's available?
Who isn't mad at somebody?
Who wasn't sued out of a band?
Who wasn't, yeah, who's not in rehab?
There's a lot of different things.
Who was paid off to just get their share of money
and doesn't have to tour
because the others can't stand them.
Like it could be any number of things that happen
when you're dealing with bands here
that have been around for what, 40 plus years at that point.
Some shyster just come along
and collect a bunch of doo-wop band names.
I know that's a thing that happened at some point.
Some guys like, I'm just gonna buy five of these
and nobody will ever know.
And if I get sued, all right, it's not the Temptations.
It's the original Temptations review, done deal.
Can't stop me from that.
Those are words in the English language.
Yes, real Ghostbusters, original Ghostbusters
sort of conflict.
Right, right.
The most confusing ones.
Anyway, this is what they considered
summer's hottest sounds.
Was a lot of- Summer's hottest sounds in 2002 or 2001.
Herman's Hermits.
Starring Peter Noon.
Starring Peter Noon.
Look, I've seen Herman's Hermits.
I've seen Peter Noon at September Fest
in Schaumburgill and all that.
So I know all the songs.
I'm just saying, I think it's-
September Fest. I wonder if it's the hottest sound.
Oh yeah. Who needs a Summer Fest
when you got September Fest?
Yeah, the September Fest, you know,
they would bring in the hottest acts like Peter Noon.
I guess- Maybe Davy Jones one year.
I guess this is the- Solo Davy Jones.
Our parents to spend, like our parents age
to get there and spend money,
but it does feel like a misfire,
much like the Soap Opera Bistro
and much of the Hard Rock Park's initial offerings of like,
do you know what teenagers like?
Like you couldn't get a couple of ska bands
from Orange County.
Yeah, I don't know a lot of-
I'm trying to look at the list here of like,
who is the most expensive band to get on this list?
Is it Mike Love and the Beach Boys?
Oddly, I think they could be,
except that they're also such a state fair, like,
like shouldn't the Bangles be more expensive
because they've had hits more recently?
You think?
But I don't know.
Yeah, it's- Some of the names are promoted just to like,
they're like, why pull out Peter Noon's name?
That's just to like, that's like extra like SEO.
It's like maybe, all right,
do you kind of remember what Herman's Hermits was?
Maybe you saw this name at one point in time, 40 years ago.
Does that help jog your memory?
Yeah, that might be what that's about.
Like going, what's that? Oh, Peter.
Yeah, yeah. Like you get an extra 2% of people interested
because they recognize Peter's name and not the band's name.
Now, Mickey Thomas is because he's the only guy from
Jefferson Airplane in the band, yes?
Not Airplane, he's post Airplane.
He's pure Jefferson Starship.
Yeah, because he's like a yeah, he's a later day.
He's when they got sort of like 80s rock shlocky.
But they do, so but they do Jefferson Airplane songs
in the Starship sets.
They do, yeah, but that's still, you know, they did that
when he came on in 1980.
No, he had nothing to do with with any of that.
No, but that's like-
Well, I'm confused.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, it's you have to like draw a lot of arrows and connections
all over all over this band list to really understand it.
Because yeah, OK, anyway, sorry to bore everybody with that.
Yeah, well, it's as a oh, who's bored?
Saying classic rock name,
saying the name is classic rock bands is thrilling.
I was about to explain, I go, well, Jefferson Airplane
became Jefferson Starship, which became Starship.
I was explaining that to the audience,
but I really thought he was involved in the first incarnation of the band
because they still play the Jefferson Airplane hits.
Yeah, no, he's the later guy because he sang the song Fooled Around
and Fell in Love like he was in the Elvin Bishop band.
I think when Jefferson Airplane was still in their early days,
I'm falling asleep in my own sentence.
I took a dive around Elvin Bishop.
And besides, why are we getting hung up on these bands
when there's another band to get hung up on?
That's right, everybody.
There's more Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts information to go through.
Just what you're doing.
We're going to get some gripes about too much Jim Belushi talk.
I'm sure of that at this point.
But so just skip ahead.
I'll say 45 minutes.
That'll be my rough guess if you don't want to hear this.
Look, we got a lot of unpleasant Caesar salads to talk about.
We got to hit.
We got the phrase Broadway dipping sauces will be used very soon.
So if that's what you're if you're in it for unpleasant food, skip ahead.
If you want to hear about unpleasant music, stay with us here.
So, Mike, you were saying that you were upset that you couldn't find
any photographs of any of the concerts by Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts
at video video video.
OK, I saw a photo or two.
OK, OK, because there are photos.
Thanks to getty images.
Just let me flip through these.
Here he's kind of like shaking his tush at a back.
I have not seen that. I have not seen that picture.
Now you have. And it's beautiful.
A couple of the sign is behind him.
Here he is with some sweat on his shirt.
And here he is with much sweat on his shirt.
The the other Jim Belushi things.
OK, so Jason, you were correct
that he is an investor in the House of Blues.
He's not like one of the primaries, I don't think, but he's in the mix.
I wanted to correct that one from the last episode.
He and Aerosmith were among some of the early.
Wow. All.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So some of the boy to be a fly on those walls, huh?
Walls.
He think they ever see any walls.
And Jim on the harmonica.
Oh, boy, I hope I hope and I hope it went for I hope single solos went for
it. I hope one of them did half an hour and then traded it
to the other who did 45 minutes.
Man, if we're in the if I'm in the pit at the Aerosmith,
this is our wild Las Vegas residency and they bring Jim up on stage.
Oh, my God, it meltdown and Belushi is coming out.
Um, yeah, well, something to give you hope, an image to get you through this.
Yes, I'm imagining it now.
But the other thing that's a correction on my end, I think we have to say that
we discovered perhaps the Jason story about the DVDs and according to Jim
and them all being given bad, the crew gifts, we're no longer sure that this is
a story about Jim Belushi.
We may have disgraced his his name
in a needless way.
I clarify that it could have been any number of unpleasant sitcom stars.
I think there are also other other unpleasant stories flying around
about him at the time, you know.
So, oh, certainly, we're we're saying, yeah, we don't know that that story
happened for sure.
Yes, someone reached out and said that they think that the story of a bad
crew gift that is just then put into it through a door
to be disposed of by the person who gave it, that we think that this may have
involved Cougar Town and it may have been a soundtrack.
It may have been CD copies of the soundtrack of Cougar Town.
I also think there's a chance that this story has made the rounds
about every single sitcom.
Maybe. Oh, yes.
I think it's a game of telephone.
Yeah. Hollywood telephone.
Yeah. So it's like, yeah, it it happened to.
Hmm.
Louis Anderson on the Louis Anderson sitcom.
Dabney Coleman.
Yeah, Dabney Coleman.
It happened at the Leo and Max, the Judd
Hirsch Bob Newhart sitcom in the late 90s.
Everyone was mad at Judd Hirsch.
So they put record albums through the window of his car.
Yeah, it happened to I think it all initially was from the sitcom
Hazel from the 60s.
Shirley Booth, the actress who played Hazel, gave out a lot of vinyl records
of they were just the Hazel theme over and over.
And right. Everybody filled her
Model T with it.
She was still driving a Model T. Yeah.
She liked retro stuff.
Uh, yeah. So.
So that's the that's my Jim Belushi
corrections segment.
I just don't want Jason.
I want you to end up at the at the other end of a,
you know, a voting machine, a dominion,
Lou Dobbs kind of affair.
And you're getting sued by Jim Belushi for.
I said, allegedly, and also I'm kind of breaking even because I was right
about the House of Blues thing.
Yeah. Oh, no, no, no. Yes, I know.
I know we're we're landing in the center.
So he'll give you money for saying, wait, now you're Jason's hand.
And OK, I think me and Jim settle things with a little smoke out, maybe.
A little you and me.
Portland, Oregon. No, me and Jim.
He said he. Yeah, I see.
OK, OK. No, no, no.
We're all ending up up there.
And I just did it again in further Jim Belushi content.
I thought you guys should hear a little bit of a some copy that I found
about Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts band that is from CalEntertainment.com,
which is their their booking website.
If you want to book them for a corporate event or for a theme park performance,
it's a big ol it's it's a long, long bit of prose about Jim Belushi.
And here's the beginning.
The first thing you need to know about Jim Belushi is that he's a performer,
not an actor, not a comedian, not a singer, but a performer.
The second thing you need to know, and this is in some ways
more important than the first thing, is that he has absolutely no shame.
None. Zip zero.
What? He allowed this copy to be,
you know, the cool thing about people where they have no shame.
That's what it's not fear that you don't want people to have.
It's shame. No one should have shame.
He's not like Tom Green, like he's not Tom Green in the 90s.
What are they? He's never done anything.
Like that. I would think no shame as a selling point
means somebody who would do like wild, outrageous things.
Eric Andre has no shame because he's a wild comedian
who does crazy stuff for your amusement.
That would be the selling point of no shame. Not like no shame.
He's willing to put his name on any piece of shit.
Like that's the no shame I think of
with Jim Belushi, maybe
he's willing to do anything for money.
He has no shame.
Uh, yeah, I don't think that's one to aspire to be.
I was even thinking like, I have had people like that's not like,
wasn't there a comedian who had a special called Shameless?
Who is the comedian who did shame?
And then I remembered, oh, Louis C.K.
That was Louis C.K. who did Shameless.
So the cool quality of being shameless.
Only the best are his. Yeah.
I mean, you know, you want your shame,
you want shame to just fall in a nice, comfortable area.
Some people have too much of it.
Some people have a little too little of it.
And then some people like Belushi have none.
I guess consider ourselves the opposite of Belushi, of course.
We're all loaded with as much shame as
pushed into our bodies.
All like, yeah, Mickey Backpack's full of shame.
We carry around.
Yes. And then there's one thing at the
end, which is the sacred hearts they've played for Al Gore,
Governor Gray Davis and many other politicos.
President Clinton is a really big fan.
And since one of these days, he's going to be out of a day job.
He'll probably want to sit in with the sacred hearts.
So I have just this is copy from that stretch is clearly from 1999.
Yeah, they're they're they're like selling point is from a Clinton era
blurb that was written.
The 22 year old is surged today.
He's drank his surge so he can go all day long.
What was Belushi doing in the 90s?
Was he like shitting on stage?
What are they?
What are they trying to advertise here?
Yes, he was.
He was at the show where Gigi Allen collapsed.
He's going to do like they're they're advertising a guy
who's going to come and do a bad cover of Crossroads on the harmonica.
What are they?
What are they?
Maybe also take a dump and stick his balls in it.
Yeah, shameless.
He opened his gargoyle.
Jim Belushi.
Jim Belushi is the modern day Gigi Allen.
Yeah, he would.
What?
He would literally he would.
It's not just the sacred hearts.
He would like open himself up from the center and rip his chest open
and show you his literal heart beating in his chest.
Wow.
Splatter blood at you.
These are really intense concerts.
He was crazy.
Yeah.
Cannibal Corpse opening for Jim Belushi.
Hardcore band.
You know, so many needles in his body by the end of it.
And one more little thing at the end of this word on the street is
if it's going to be a tough audience, get Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts.
A butt hasn't been born that can stay in a chair through their first set.
Come on, man.
Geez, Louise.
I remember the day that my my son's butt was born.
What an emotional, you know, just to look at that, but no, I made that
when a butt is born.
The Stork.
The angels dance.
The Stork brought a new butt to the house.
So let's just say there's a little bundle of butt on the way.
They're saying that if you have like a crowd that might not want to pay attention
or might be like unruly, that Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts
will tame them.
Because if you're yeah, they enter the first set.
So like what you do, you get a Jim Belushi sandwich going,
a Sacred Heart sandwich.
And if you're doing like a corporate retreat for Hewlett Packard
and the vice president has to talk for a while and you're worried
that people are going to fail, then you make sure Jim Belushi is before
and after and then everyone will stay put and hear his thoughts about
what we're going to do to surge into the 21st century.
Hi. Can you email them and say, like, I have a group of 15 year olds
and they're having a birthday party and they are quite the handful.
Will Jim Belushi and the Sacred Hearts be able to tame them
and make them quiet down with his version of sweet home Chicago?
Could Jim Belushi come and talk about Robert Johnson
and how not enough people know about Robert Johnson for 45 minutes?
I'm not sure that's my question.
Though the blue is going to say name a blues artist.
My brother, John.
End of list.
Danny and John and Eric Clapton.
That's it.
List over this new kid, John Maker.
Forget his name. Anyway, he's a pretty, pretty boy.
The also just the the the butt
that can stay in a chair through their first like that.
In that sentence, that implies that maybe people leave.
Like if you know, but stays in the chair through the entire first set.
Right. That's because you get up and leave.
That's a butt getting up.
I mean, they really should have said if they're talking about everyone's butt
and the second gate, so we can keep saying, but over and over again,
because we're being bloody.
We get fine on the main feed.
That's why I say.
Yeah. But if you're talking about everyone's butt, you would say like,
oh, a butt hasn't been born that wouldn't shake to the rhythms
of the sacred hearts.
You would say you would make sure to let people know.
Yes, that the butts are staying in the vicinity.
They're just enjoying the music so much that they're vibrating or whatever.
Yeah, that was what you would try to convey.
That is what because what you're saying is like the butts go right up
out the door and sit in their car seat.
Sit in a different seat, the seat of their automobile
where they think about their regrets about going out tonight.
Mm hmm. Not a there's not a ball hasn't been born
that hasn't vibrated to the loud stomping bass of the sacred arts band.
Now I'm going to look up what the fucking set lists are.
All right. So what's half of the what's
you want to do? Golden stay first or paradise?
Here, what's everyone's vote?
Don't we? I think we got to decide without me while I'm looking for this.
Yeah, I was on a set list site earlier.
You know, they play Mockingbird.
I know that. So all kinds of great.
They kicked off this.
They kicked off this show with Sweet Home Chicago
and did it in the middle and close to several times in between.
All right. And you're right.
We're not in Chicago or in California.
Send your gripes. Sorry.
I got a gripe too much Jim Belushi, but we're moving on now.
Yeah. Well, we were in the fog of
Bountiful Valley Farm, of course.
Yes. Talking about seeds.
So you really well, you got your choice where to go from from there, I suppose.
I guess you're the you're maybe you're the nearest to
Golden State.
Oh, well, actually, I correct myself.
Bountiful Valley Farm is one of six areas of the district
to Golden State, which, of course, again, are Bountiful Valley Farm,
Golden Vine Winery, Pacific Worth, the Bay Area, Grizzly Peak Recreation Area
and Condor Flats.
So I guess let's keep heading around the horn.
And what does that mean?
Where do you go around the horn?
Does keep going around the loop, the odd shape.
California Adventure.
I know all the Disney parks, if you look at them from above, kind of
have interesting shapes.
But I feel like California Adventure, especially on that opening day,
map is very uneven feeling.
There's big holes. It is like big patches.
Really shouldn't something be there?
And then eventually things were there.
It was parking lots a lot.
That's one thing I remember about Paradise Pier.
There's still just kind of a wall on the side as you walk
through the main entrance and over to the Incredicoaster.
But there used to be a wall because if you went over the...
Like now it's blocking Cars Land.
Before it was just a wall because it was just a parking lot.
I was like, I don't know, let's just put up some woods
and nobody thinks about how there's nothing over there.
It is crazy that it's still to this day.
It's so clearly like, you know, Anaheim's right there,
whereas Disneyland, you really they do a very good job.
You never really feel like you're anywhere close to civilization anywhere.
But especially in the old California Adventure was like,
you're like, I know what's across.
I know what's on the other side of that wall.
Like I've been in there and I'm curious if any listeners have ever experienced this.
I've been to California Adventure with people.
They aren't even like total never been there before rubes.
I've had people say like, now what's that attraction over there?
And they point to a big building that's sort of spacey looking and kind of
not unlike Space Mountain.
And I say that is not in the park.
That is the Anaheim Convention Center.
That is not a thing that you can go do.
And I would not blame people for asking that question.
I don't think that's that crazy because it kind of looks like, you know, that's
is that the future of California section?
No, that's not the good across the street.
That's a good part of this.
That's like the cool thing.
Yeah, yeah, no, it's it's very visible. Sorry.
I went to WonderCon a couple of years ago and it
it was busy enough that they were you had to park at the Angel Stadium.
They had buses shuttling people over and they dropped you off
backstage at California Adventure.
And then you went you exited and then came out to a crosswalk
that put you in the middle of the convention center.
But that was very surreal being dropped off like behind Radiator Springs.
Yeah, it is interesting because like with Disneyland,
when they were doing Star Wars construction and they had ripped down
all those trees back in the back of the park and that you could see the
Mickey and Friends parking structure from there, I went, that's there?
Yes. Like, I truly I didn't have any idea that that's where
that that's where the parking structure was.
And I was like, man, they really disorient you in here
versus like California Adventure is like, I know exactly how to get to
Captain Kidd's from any point in the park.
If I could just if there were exits everywhere,
I could easily get to any of the harbor businesses.
Well, that's just what you're you're dreaming of doing.
So you just you have an oddly Captain Kidd centric mind.
Oh, yeah. A lot of the things I do and think about are all in the context
of getting back to Captain Kidd's.
We will. Are you are you worried about where they're going?
I mean, we haven't really looked into a ton of like the financials for Captain Kidd's.
I don't know if it's part of another corporation or another business,
like a restaurant business like group or anything.
So I am a little worried just because I don't have much knowledge of the stability.
So it's a buffet. That's a tough thing.
Oh, yeah. A buffet that's supported by the traffic from a theme park.
That's tough. Could this be the end of this?
Be Captain Kidd's final voyage?
Mm hmm. Possibly could.
I I we will look into it.
And I don't know if they're doing takeout.
Really, I should drive down there and get some takeout
from kids doing a it's a buffet.
So you just like fill out a checklist or just tell them item by item
and kind of the amount like probably maybe two scoops of jello or
but like not that much, like two small scoops of jello.
That's like part of a half hour list of what you want.
And then you pay them thirty four ninety nine
curbside cap and gets it all.
If it's an all you can eat, would it be possible as long as it's the same day
for me to come back in my car and get another round of food?
Yeah, I think so, because you could just do circles
around the Disneyland area, just keep going around the park over and over.
You mean that's I mean, that would be some theatrics.
I don't know. I'm just saying maybe in the whole like
because you could stay in a buffet for hours and eat.
Mm hmm. So I'm just saying, as long as it's the same day,
I think Captain Kidd should keep bringing free curb, like more curbside food to me.
I'm going to look into this.
So you might go you might go down there, come back up, eat,
go back for go back down. Yeah.
This is more electrifying than Belushi.
Well, what's well, then you what do you want to talk about, Jason?
Why? The market?
That was a well, now you look now you look silly because you love that shit.
What wine country?
Rine country market.
Wait, I don't know what you said.
Oh, I said wine country market.
OK, I don't know what that shit referred to.
Yeah, the he was saying you would as a place you wanted to be at.
And you were talking about a buffet.
You look foolish.
Now into the vine, you know. Oh, sure.
You're stomping grounds. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, look, I do like it there.
I have no information about it because I that's another thing.
I wonder if the winery is its own situation.
I don't know.
You know, feel free, though.
What do you got about the winery?
Well, I you know, some of it's still standing.
The interesting thing I found out about the wine country
market is that it was, you know, a market where you could go
and buy like cheeses and bottles of wine.
You could enjoy the food.
There was also sandwiches and salads pre-made somewhere else
and at theme park prices.
But if you bought a bottle of wine, they boxed it up
and gave you a coat check ticket, essentially,
and you could pick it up on your way out.
You could not drink the bottle there.
Hmm. Oh, you weren't allowed to drink the bottle.
You were not allowed to like crack it open and drink it
on the massive patio that was outside of it.
Really? Yeah, there was wine.
There was the walk up line bars on both sides of it.
Now that that's down to just one.
But this was like a venture with Disney and Robert Mondavi.
It did not last long.
And yes, your land put the estimate of his losses
at between 12 and 13 million for his relationship with California Adventure.
Just because it just wasn't the demand wasn't there.
The guests were not there.
So Disney took this over pretty quickly
and it became what it pretty much still is today.
The wine, like the upstairs wine patio, wine country, Tritoria.
Very little of that has changed from Disney taking it over.
That's where it becomes the greatest area in the park,
the best area and the best park in the world.
Yeah, Fresco Tasting Terrace.
Yeah. Yep.
But that's now Pass Holder.
Oh, what's going to happen with that?
Because that's Pass Holder exclusive.
It was became Pass Holder exclusive for a little while.
Then it got so popular.
Well, there's no such thing as pass holders now.
So you got to give it back to the people.
We're legacy pass holders.
Yeah, that's interesting.
I guess the reason they were probably I'm thinking now,
if like you couldn't crack open a bottle of wine
is because they wanted to control people's alcohol intake.
And if you could just buy a bottle of wine and crack it open and walk around,
that might be dangerous in a Disney park.
Yeah. Also, like active glass you're carrying,
the amount of glass you have on your person.
They also like to keep down.
That's true, too.
But I feel like some people would go in in the morning at 9 a.m.
buy a bottle, just drink it, finish it at noon, finish it by noon, walking around.
Probably be a bad idea.
Might be a little rowdy.
If this some people is a subtweet, then, yes, some people might do that.
And some people might have the best day of their lives.
Would you? Is that something you thought about?
Like, I wish I could just crack a bottle of wine and we could just sip from it.
I mean, it does.
Hmm. I mean, I, you know, I've I don't think like walking around, though,
because then you have to like keep rearrange.
Do you just have like a glass that is if I could have disposable glass?
I don't know. Now I'll I'll sit.
I'll do them one at a time. All right. All right.
I'll get a bottle's worth plastic bottle with a twist top.
You can put in a backpack.
Sure. Yeah.
Might be getting hot, though, as you go.
Robert Mondavi, Robert Mondavi should have thought of that,
and he should have made a plastic bottle with a twist top.
It's like a carrying bag.
Then he wouldn't have lost all that money.
Yeah, he didn't bring the innovation, the California spirit of innovation.
Yeah. To innovate better ways to drink.
So they lost his like celebrity endorsement.
Then they basically just it's now just a Disney.
Nobody else like filled that role except for Disney.
And then there are like random, you know, the Lasseter wines and such
that filled the menu after that.
Or were those wines always available?
It seemed to be mostly Robert Mondavi.
Branded wines to start.
Which is, by the way, garbage, right?
Isn't like from my recollection.
I don't know. Makes the crap.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but like I think by opening it up,
now there's like now they can offer a ton of stuff and not just like
his one brand of kind of middle and garbage.
I mean, I think that's true.
I mean, I don't it's certainly ubiquitous.
Like, you know, Robert Mondavi, Cupcake, Barefoot.
Like I don't I can't speak to the quality of any of those,
but I know you can buy them at 7-Eleven.
Which probably tells you something, I think.
So this was good.
This was a good early change is getting Mondavi out of there,
getting that that cheapskate Mondavi out of there with his crap wine.
Good. Take a lot of his money on the way out.
Yeah. So that's good.
I think I'll teach you to monopolize the wine situation in a theme park.
Yeah. And it seems like they were, you know, the same sort of issue
popping up just a few steps away at the start of Paradise Pier with
what is it called? It's it was originally called Avalon Cove.
Yes. The home of the beloved Cove bar.
But when it opened, the restaurant was was a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.
Right. Yes. And, you know, Wolfgang Puck, it's like he's got
I feel like he has so many different brands as far as his quality is concerned.
Sometimes you get something, you know, it's pretty good.
And then I'm like, I have never eaten one of his high end restaurants or anything,
which I'm sure are fine.
But I've eaten at an airport with with Wolfgang Puck
branded meal and it's nothing special.
I an airport meal isn't kidding me.
Yeah, believe it or not.
I've been to Spago a couple of times, like when my family's come to.
Oh, yes, I remember.
I've met him. I've met. He was going around.
He shook everyone's hand in the restaurant.
And like, I don't know, it's a nice enough place that it's like
if you were sitting at the bar and your table is ready,
they put your drink on a little, you know, slab of granite
and walk it over to your table with you.
Which is like how the moon like how the moon.
Yeah, well, that only the finance.
Yeah, it's only the balance.
But yes, you're correct.
He has like consumer brands you can buy at the grocery store and at the airport.
And but, you know, people weren't really like buying.
People didn't really want to buy the menu was just like seafood and steaks.
And, you know, the thing that I kept coming across from people being like,
you know, Epcot was successful
because it opened with all these restaurants and there wasn't a lot of high end
restaurants necessarily around that area of central Florida compared to
southern California, which is filled with some of the best restaurants in the country.
Yeah, sure.
I also think it's I correct me if I'm wrong, but like I think that the appetite
of the consumer has only like grown for high end dining experiences inside a theme park.
I mean, they've had Blue Bayou forever, but I feel like in the last 10 years now,
especially Carthay is such a good restaurant and all these other places.
It's like, I think people more even expect to have like a number of different
good places to eat in theme parks.
Whereas that might have been a little bit limited before.
I could be totally wrong about that, but.
I think that's true.
Yeah.
I think there was a little bit of variety at the start of California Adventure.
I don't know that there was a lot of quality, but you look at the like high,
quote unquote high end and it is just like New York strip steak, Caesar salad,
New England clam chow.
It's just like, yeah, you can get this.
You can walk from here and gets this better.
You can get this better in downtown Disney.
Yeah, or Captain Kids Buffet or Captain Kids Buffet.
You could get it.
Well, and you could get it all on one platter for 11.99 for adults and 8.99 for kids.
So Wolfgang Wolfgang ran away.
Yeah, he didn't like it.
Do we know how much money he lost?
I don't know.
I didn't see it.
I think he got out earlier, so he might not have.
He may have broken even.
Yeah, he might not have been.
And then they switched it over to the other one.
And then they switched it over to a lot of character dining.
And, you know, the bar is still there.
The cove bar is still going.
Well, it was Ariel.
There was Ariel's grotto and Ariel's grotto downstairs.
Yeah.
For now, it's I always call it the wrong name.
I think somebody had a gripe.
I think it's it's the lamp light lounge.
Well, I've done the same thing.
I thought that was about me.
Maybe it was about you, but I think I've called it the wrong name too,
because lamp lighter is, uh, uh, what's his name's character.
Not Burt.
It's, uh, it's, uh,
Oh, Burt is a chimney sweep.
Lin-Manuel is.
Burt is a chimney sweep.
Lin-Manuel's character I can't think of the name of is a lamp lighter.
So I think it's lamp light lounge, but I think I call it the lamp lighter
lounge because I'm thinking of Lin's Mary Poppins Returns character.
Well, everyone's always thinking of him all the time.
Yes.
Well, yeah, like much like Captain Kids, I can't shake this from my brain.
I think of that restaurant and I think of Lin in that movie.
Would you say Captain Kid and Lin in that movie and Jim Belushi are your guys?
I would say that.
Yes, I would.
Yeah.
Uh, lamp light is similar.
That's similar to the, I, we, I don't think we mentioned this in the first
part of this Disney's apostrophe S California adventure later changed to
just Disney California adventure, which I don't think I have spent any
brain power processing until this past week.
I saw that too.
And I was, I was like, Oh yeah.
And then I was like, do you have an opinion on that?
And I don't know that I do, but Disney California adventure versus
Disney's California adventure.
Like what is no sense to say out loud.
Which one doesn't make sense.
Disney California adventure, like the grammatically, I think it's bizarre.
Yeah.
Disney, Disney California adventure.
Yeah.
Why wouldn't it be Disney's they own it?
It's part of their, yeah.
Disney.
Oh, is it Disney, Disney Hollywood studios or Disney's Hollywood studios?
Now it's Disney Hollywood studios.
I think, right.
Well, it was Disney MGM studios because it was a joint venture.
Right.
Right.
So, uh, no, wait a minute.
The electrifying stuff we had to get to was a posture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right, baby.
You needed to do it.
That's right.
It's Disney's it's, it says it on here, Disney's Hollywood studios.
So I'm not sure what the thinking was there for getting rid of that.
Their rules of grammar are insane.
Enchanted wish, colon, magic nights, like all this bullshit they just make.
Oh, sure.
So yeah, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure why they did that.
Um, but someone let us know.
Cause maybe they explained it.
Um, are we at the pier?
Is that the way we're going?
Is that the route we're taking?
I suppose so.
Yeah.
What is, what else is in cold golden state that is worth addressing?
Well, Condor flats was the, uh, you know, the not to California's aviation
history, and that was where Soren was the original head of the park and
remains to this day, although it's now grizzly peak airfield, they've tied it.
Tied it back together.
The, the national parks, um, theme as it is now at the time, the grizzly peak
recreation area was all about extreme sports.
Yes.
Cause they had the X, they hosted the X games.
Is that right?
Well, they had like X little X games kind of setups demonstrations.
Um, well, there was a whole, I mean, there was a whole X games tie in for a
little, but while the X games experience, uh, during which there was a attraction
kind of in that little San Francisco area.
And that is called the Xcade.
Um, and here's a picture of the X, the Xcade it has, you know, a motorcycle
game and a skating game.
Look at the sign of Xcade.
Is this the most six flags E thing that has ever been in a Disney park?
Yes.
Uh, well, yeah.
I mean, I was thinking as I was watching old paradise pier, I go, this is pretty
six flags E and this is even 10 times the six flags and this of just old paradise
pier.
Yeah.
I mean, just the, just the extreme, just the word itself without even the bad
graphic design is such a six flags thing.
That's so funny.
It looks horrible.
I couldn't, they make it look a little better.
Yeah.
The building, the building looks nice.
That's the, yeah, the building looks fine.
Well, the building isn't, I mean, that was there before.
I feel like the X, the Xcade sign itself, um, is, I just want a classier
Xcade sign, you know, this is like a, like spec art for an energy drink that
didn't get off the ground.
Right.
They didn't get the fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Xcade man.
And it was like, the Xcade is one of those games.
That's really in the basement of Disney attractions.
I feel the most obscure.
The worst looking, uh, who's nostalgic for the Xcade.
Maybe somebody.
It's funny you say that because that the interior does look like a partially
finished basement and one of my friend's house is growing up.
Not every, well, the, there's a big, just a big Yamaha sign that's crooked
and covering half the window.
Yeah.
Yeah.
His uncle, his uncle used to run an arcade that went belly up.
So he's got like a semi working NBA jam cabinet and, um, uh, Yamaha banner.
Cool.
You gotta come over and see that banner.
Got to see the banner, man.
That is funny.
Cause the bait, the quote unquote Bay area part of golden state is mostly
like a couple of nice looking buildings that house a bathroom.
And I, that is now a shop field Xcade.
And then the giant, um, golden dreams building that became the, uh, uh,
little mermaid attraction.
Mm hmm.
Um, we're thrilled talking about clearly was, was the taste pilot grill opening
day.
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, and that was replaced.
Like I will say that, like, I do think that the, the update they did to the
area, the condor flats area is better, but I, it's not bad.
This area is not bad early on.
I think this hangs okay together as far, I mean, grizzly, the grizzly area, the
most I think, and then maybe second in line, the area around Soren with all of
this theming, it's at least themed somewhat and you could sort of see it,
you know, piecing together into a better park.
Like it's okay.
It was okay.
Is my memory.
A nice atmosphere.
The trees have just gotten bigger and bigger.
Like that's helped the area.
Yeah.
And it wasn't like when they were like, we're going to re-theme taste pilot's
grill, I was like, finally this abomination of a quick service restaurant
is going away.
Like I was like, oh, okay, cool.
And I like it.
It looks better now, I think, but it wasn't like, it wasn't complete garbage.
Like some of this other stuff.
I mean, I think it's the same type of garbage quick service food, but that's,
that's beside the point we're talking about the theming here.
We lost our puns though.
We lost our G-Force gourmet burgers.
Like the wild blue, like spelled like the cheese, wild blue yonder burger, the
flight stuff, which of course is X1 rocket ribs and the hot wing squadron.
I like that.
I enjoyed saying that.
Hot wing squadron is good.
I watched a show called hot wing squadron.
The side stuff, fly by, fly by fries, which are not, they just don't even tell
you the difference between fly by fries and full throttle fly fries.
It's impossible to say.
One's more expensive than the others that assumes loaded, but I don't know how.
They don't list toppings, toppings, which then also have puns.
I would assume inside maybe on a menu you would be able to get it, but yeah,
just looking at this exterior menu, they really, they're keeping you guessing.
Oh, they have a toppings bar.
This is a toppings bar establishment, or at least it was for many years.
So that's why it's still on this topics.
Smokejumper is still at a toppings bar.
Yeah.
Well, right now I don't know that they're going wild with the public
touch this toppings bar set up.
Is Smokejumper is open right now?
Wasn't it open for a little while?
I think it is as one of the, one is one of the restaurants closest to the entrance.
Yes.
I believe that you can go to Smokejumper's.
If you want to go to all the way to Disneyland and just go get a theme
park burger and fries for $20, you can do that and pay $10 for parking.
But the question is, can you just pick up with some tongs, a loose piece of
lettuce from the bar, from the toppings bar?
That's the question we have now.
Okay.
It's open, but toppings bar is a question mark.
Got it.
Bring your own tongs and you might have some trouble at security with that.
Mm-hmm.
If you, if they think that your tongs can be used as a weapon, if they're
small tongs, maybe not, if they're big tongs, you could sort of like,
uh, clang somebody's head in.
Jason, what's your tong situation at home?
Uh, you know, I would probably go for a smaller tong.
Uh, if I was bringing it in, probably go for plastic.
So they weren't concerned about the metal.
So maybe don't even notice it.
Um, I don't know.
I think I have a regular pair of like Oxo, you know, locking tongs that you
lock so they fit in the drawer.
Standard issue.
Standard issue.
Standard issue tongs.
All right.
Sure.
Um, so yeah, this, this area in general, I think fine was fine.
It was fine.
And people are, and people are fond of that original Soarin.
And that's the only thing, the fact that they do bring it back and that they
stick, like that they've played into the nostalgia there.
Soarin, uh, saved the park.
It's really all on the back of Soarin, I feel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That is pretty crazy.
Um, that, that, that, that was doing all the heavy lifting when you think about it.
I mean, other than like, yeah, like the, um, um, Paradise pier, the coaster,
which I can, I'm not, I want to call it the Incredicoaster and I forgot.
California screaming.
Of course.
Yeah.
But yeah, yeah.
Which is a great ride.
But as far as anything where you would go, like to people go, Oh my, I've never
been on anything like this before.
Like that was it.
Yeah.
It was the one technological jump up, I would say.
Um, yeah, which I think any new park needs one of those in the Spider-Man kind
of way, you need something where you're like, how did they do that?
I've never seen that before.
Right.
Um, so they got one and a good smell, a good orange smell.
Great orange smell.
Um, and then Grizzly Peak, Grizzly Peak has changed the least.
From, yeah.
Yeah.
And it's maybe the most like immersive, like you're, you're lost in there.
You're not looking out at Captain Kidd's there.
Yes.
And they, it blends into the hotel nicely, which you always hear, like, that's
what Eisner got fixated on was making the hotel nice.
So it may have benefited from that and from like, okay, we're putting a water ride
here, water rides are always popular.
You know?
And there's little, and the nice thing about Grizzly, the Grizzly Peak, and I'm
sure I've said it before, is there's little secret places still to this day.
You can walk around that you might not have even noticed.
Like, like at night, there's like those little trails where you can kind of walk
around by the water and kind of see, see the, uh, like mist and stuff from the ride.
And,
Oh, sure.
And people aren't there probably.
And people are, yeah, it's never very crowded whenever we walk over there.
Um, and whether it's actually that challenge trail or just on the other side
there, it's like, yeah, you don't, you don't know where Harbor is, which is nice.
So yeah, that it's interesting.
What do you think, like when they were building it, they were like, this is the
only place that's going to survive.
Like, this is the only thing that's going to stay because it's actually immersive.
Well, I'm wondering how much the design, like the imagineers, like, saw Camp
Snoopy at knots because it, the first time I went to not since all camp Snoopy, I
was like, Oh, it seems like someone came here and then drew up the grizzly peak
area because it is got a very similar vibe, you know?
Yeah.
Like yellow stone type, like, yeah, you're an action wooded.
Yes.
And they're like, well, we can do a better camp Snoopy.
We're going to suck at camp Snoopy at knots.
Like we're going to really do it up.
Uh, the bear there, of course, like the other big bear.
Yes.
I really, we have this, except we did talk about this bear.
We did all episode about it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We talked about, we're just kind of hitting the, hitting the points.
Sure.
Yeah.
Change its vest.
The, the bear's vest changed.
That's what's happened.
Yeah.
The vest, he gets a sweater at Christmas time now.
It's great.
Um, yeah.
All the bears, I, there's a, the smaller bear that gets a sweater.
I think I said this probably on the episode and it's, there's an Instagram
post where I accidentally, I was so excited to take a picture of the bear
with a sweater that I made a family move inadvertently.
Like I would think I was alone and I think I was like quickly like went up with
my phone and there was a family right there and they like saw me and they like
scurried away and I was like, well, that's, that's not what should be happening.
I should not be sending a family running away from my iPhone.
This man's disturbed.
So give him space.
That being said, I took the photo and never apologized.
Yes.
I am shameless.
An hour later, you walked into Captain Kids and who were the first people you
see that scared family.
And I said, good, I'm glad I made you do that.
I have no shame.
I don't care.
I'll do anything in this park.
And then their butts were no, weren't in those seats for much longer.
They got up.
That's right.
They got up and ran away.
That's right.
Um, so yeah, Grizzly go, go back and listen to our Mary Holland, uh, Grizzly
Roads, the river rapids episode to get our in depth takes about the bears and
the fake rocks.
Yeah.
Um, let's, let's talk some, let's talk some sign trash.
Let's go over to, I don't know if it's the pier or to, uh, I don't know
which way we want to go.
Do you, do you end at burger invasion?
I think you do.
Maybe you end at burger invasion.
Cause I think the most, I'm going to call it the most egregious thing is over in
this neck of the woods.
So maybe let's start.
We already hit Avalon Cove cause it tied into restaurant tours, getting
shafted by low attendance numbers.
So, uh, well, okay, we got the way we talked about the strips and the dips.
Um, what have we missed over here?
I, I've got a strips and dips thing.
Uh, the strips and dips came with your choice of what we're called
Broadway dipping sauces.
Broadway.
I don't even know why.
I don't quite understand that.
California.
Why are we dealing with Broadway?
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's, uh, so then you, we don't know the flavors of the Broadway dipping sauces.
Uh, I can pull them up real quick.
I accidentally closed the window.
Um, but I did have a Broadway in California.
Somewhere.
Yeah.
It's not quite the same prestige as the Broadway in New York.
I would assume.
Um, they should have taken, I'm sure they were thinking that hard about which
Broadway, um, do you think the majority of our Broadway, the majority of the
Imagineers would hear us and be like, dude, you guys are paying way too much
attention to this garbage, man.
What are you even, what are you doing?
Why would you devote this much time to that?
We just fired off these shitty puns.
Who cares?
We were trying to read it.
Original characters like boardwalk Betsy's world famous.
Oh man.
I love boardwalk Betsy.
I will say that.
I'm a big fan.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was boardwalk dipping sauces.
That makes so much more sense.
Jason.
I was like,
That was a hype.
You hyped it up.
I was all day sitting here going like, why would they call it Broadway dipping
sauces?
I mean, it's still worth talking about Malibu ranch, Midway honey
mustard, Santa barbecue, and totally teriyaki.
You've like must up your hair now because you're so like upset with the
different, like you, you look like like Doc Brown or something.
Your hair is like crazy.
Cause like you just, you're so frazzled from getting the name of the
dipping sauce is wrong.
Broadway dipping sauce is more electrifying than Jim Belushi.
And let's talk about the next thing.
Hey.
I'm not letting it go.
That's a, that's a counterpoint.
You were wrong.
You tossed off there, bud.
Yeah, that's fine.
That's fine.
You know, I wanted to have some fun.
I wanted, and this is karma.
You know, this is what karma is.
I did a little.
Bring up those sauces.
Go back.
I want to talk about the sauces more.
About Belushi and, uh, captain kids.
And now it came back to bite me in the ass.
Hold on.
You know, sauce.
What based manner?
Oh my gosh.
And sauce too.
That's the most humiliating.
Sauce boardwalk dipping sauce.
All right.
So what are the boardwalk dipping sauces?
Oh, here we go.
Malibu ranch.
Of course.
Midway honey mustard.
Oh, well, all right.
There it is a midway Santa barbecue or totally teriyaki.
All right.
So there's two California references in the boardwalk sauce.
It's one of the, this is very like par for the, uh, theme menu
course where some of it is themed and then some of it, they give up and just
name it something fun sounding.
Yeah.
Uh, yes.
And then again, imagine whoever names.
Is there a minute?
Wait a second.
What Jason, Jason, we have your reprieve.
Look above this on the sunset specials.
Look under the sunset chicken and the hot and spicy chicken strips and the
seaside zucchini strips.
It says served with one of our Broadway dipping sauces.
It is there.
And it's in zucchini strips too.
Zucchini sets.
They all say, Oh my God, how do you above on this menu?
It says Broadway dipping sauces.
And then right below it, it says choose your boardwalk dipping sauce.
Wow.
This has been an emotional roller coaster for a thing that is choice of one board.
Oh yeah.
Boardwalk is up in the jumbo fries.
Boardwalk is God damn.
This must be, this might be the most satisfying bear trap I've ever
stepped in on this show.
Your hairstyle looks different every time the zoom cuts to you.
It's so floppy right now.
I can just do anything with there's so much of it right now.
I'm just saying like, you're like messing your hair up because of the
stress that this is causing you.
I wrote it down.
I read it and I wrote it down and I'm like, go under, go to the next menu here
and let's see if there's actually any sort of difference in the sauces.
Is there a fix?
Wait, wait, wait.
Oh, wait a minute.
That was just a full on mistake that they made.
The makers of them.
Wow.
2001, 2003, they messed up the typo and they added more combos.
Oh, they added more.
There's more boardwalk dipping sauces now.
Okay.
Which sauces are they?
Muscle beach, marinara or hoopla hot sauce.
Once again, keeping with the theme of that one is a California pun
and the other is nothing.
Wow.
Wow.
And then you'd wait, there's a third.
We have a third here too.
Yeah.
What's on the bottom here, Jason?
This is at 2006.
This is how it tapped out.
When the before, because this was right where this was replaced by midway
media, one of the, this might be one of the best plus ups, although I have to
say if I'm going to eat, if I'm going to eat deep fried stuff at a theme park,
chicken strips and mozzarella sticks would be high on my list, but I don't
think anyone was like, oh, this is the good stuff.
This is the good ones, you know?
Huh?
So you're saying it's better to have an interactive high traffic ride than an
error laden fried food establishment.
Yeah, I think that's what he's saying.
I don't want to think words.
Jason, do you need a break now?
This has been such a rollercoaster of emotions for you.
Man, that's wild.
It was, it was buried that you were correct.
You were like, it was it like, like the, for the second one was mocking you and
that there was no Broadway, but then deep, there was like a little nugget buried in
there.
Um, this is what happens when you don't have a regular sleep schedule for like a
year where you're like either up till 3am or you're asleep by 10pm.
That's you end up confusing the met the 2001 strips, chips and dips menu with the
2003 chips, strips and dips.
Correct.
When they corrected themselves.
God, what a misprint.
How did you?
Well, it's fighting them in the ass now.
Now it's all on the record.
Now people will go see their shoddy work on yesterland.
Can you imagine if somebody is, somebody explaining to this Patreon that they,
they give money to and they say, well, you know, there was a really funny part in
the last episode where there was a, about an hour and five minutes in after they
had been done 20 minute talking about Jim Belushi, there was a, a dipping sauce
mistake that was really, really, uh, it was like, I was on the edge of my seat
trying to figure out what was happening.
And then I was like, really?
Like as many twists and turns as like a great episode of prestige television,
then the other person would just like, uh, you know, never talk to them again.
The other person would, uh, take out their phone, uh, like take that person's
phone from them, ask for the code, enter it, uh, go, uh, uh, go into their
Patreon account and unsubscribe from it.
Right.
Right.
We got to get you out of this thing.
We got to deprogram you.
This is a, yeah, this is a cult.
I can tell this is a cult.
No, but you would say now good boys and seats and you're talking different.
Your terminology has changed.
This is like, it's because it's like, I just watched tenant this week and it's
because you're catching the bullet.
You're not firing the bullet folks.
Check it out.
Tenant pretty good.
Had a good time.
Oh, all right.
Well, I haven't seen it yet.
Um, what was the character's name at this, at this establishment
again that I liked?
Boardwalk Betsy.
Boardwalk Betsy.
I like her.
I'd like her to come back in some capacity much more than any other
generic, uh, characters that were around.
Why do you like her?
Uh, I, she suggests a personality to me.
You know, she seems like she's got like, brassy feels like she would give you
the business if you came into her restaurant, not in like a, not in a
dick slash resort way, maybe, but like a folksy or friendlier way.
I don't know what's not to like about this woman winking at us.
Is she winking or is her eye permanently like that?
Was there, did she get splashed by, did he get splashed by the oil from a strip
or a chip or a dip?
It's possible like a pirate or an evil sailor splashed oil in her eye.
Also, what could have happened in her seed travels?
She is in a, in a boat hat.
Yeah.
But they like, they came into the restaurant and they like grabbed the
fry basket and threw it at her.
But then like she beat the shit out of them.
Cause she's also tough.
I'm imagining a whole life for this woman is what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Um, she, so she killed a couple people, Boardwalk Betsy killed a couple
people, but they had it coming.
Oh yeah.
Anything that, any person that Boardwalk Betsy's killed, they had it coming.
It was well-deserved and God would, God would not judge her.
He'd be like, yup, they deserved it.
That's what he would say when she got to heaven, right?
Right this way, Betsy.
And your eye is healed.
He'd also say that.
Some here, I guess Betsy, wait, there's a quote from Betsy.
The, the cluck stops here.
See, that's, I mean, she seems to have the same like comedic voice of the whole
park.
Uh, I will say that.
That's another thing God would have said when letting her into heaven is the
clock stops here in heaven.
You live here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
God has a sense of humor, like the, all the signs at California adventure.
That's the thing.
I w I don't know that.
I just know that because of Scott telling about it, because of all his
religious training.
I don't trust any of these signs now.
They gaslighting me.
Jason is really worried now.
He's really worried that he's going to get something wrong when it comes to a
sign.
Uh, I think it's all right.
It's okay.
I don't, I want you to be comfortable as we go here.
Are you going, are you afraid like you're going to get the man hat in beach
sign wrong for some reason?
I truly, I did not remember any of these, you know, I don't remember man and beach.
Sure.
I walked by all of this.
Yeah.
I never the store.
It's a hat store called man hat in beach, man hat and beach, like man hat and
beach, which is a part of California that you might not know.
Cause you don't live here.
Cause who cares?
Why would you go to a beach?
Why would you care about that?
Why is this?
I remember dino jack, sunglass shack.
Cause in a pinch I did buy a pair of sunglasses there once.
And I like the dinosaur.
I do.
We have an argument about the dinosaur on the show before I kind of like that
dinosaur more of a girdy man myself.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
This is like the way that I like the city facade effect in, in, uh, Disney
studios, but I don't like it in Hollywood.
I think it's similar.
I like girthy the dinosaur who sells you ice cream in Disney's Hollywood
studios, but I don't really care for dinosaur jack and his sunglass shack.
Why is one big dinosaur, uh, less silly, more believable than the other?
I don't know.
I can't tell the difference, but dinosaur jack seems cheaper to me.
That is our Jack definitely is cheaper.
And I think the original dinosaur jack paint job does look really odd.
It looks like dinosaur jack is sick or something.
He was bright pink originally, but bright pink dinosaur.
Maybe it's that old, I was going to say it's like the castle cake maybe coming back.
Maybe I don't like my, my big gaudy pinks.
Well, I'm it's a bad pink.
I think I don't even, it looks faded in all the pictures I've seen.
And maybe that's just the photography, but it also, he just has like yellow
rashes all over him.
It doesn't look like fun spots on an animal.
It looks, it looks, yeah, it looks like he's ill.
But when he's green, when he's later on in green, I think he looks cool.
It's not as good as Gertie though.
I will, I will say Gertie is better.
You think cool.
You think he looks cool.
Looks kind of cool.
He's got that kind of like a Bruce Willis shaved head.
He's got sunglasses on.
Usually we're arguing cute, but now we're arguing is dinosaur jack from the sunglass shack cool.
I guess he is in sunglasses.
I'll give you that.
Yeah.
I mean, like this, this is a cool, cool that, I mean, how many people
wear sunglasses aren't cool.
First of all, Jim Belushi does.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
You got me there.
I think, yeah, I think he looks, there's this picture here.
I'll, I'll, I'll share it.
And I think you'll see what I'm saying that this character looks cool.
I think you'll know.
See, like right here, like.
Like why does that angle show me that he's cool more than another one would?
He's looking down the nose.
He's looking.
He's doing that kind of like, he's checking out what's going on.
And maybe he's just checking out what's going across the pier.
And he's got a vibe in this picture.
Sometimes if you see a farther away picture of him, you can kind of see his like not as cool body.
I will say his head is much cooler than his body.
His body looks less cool.
His body looks kind of more like toyish childish.
But I do think his head looks pretty cool.
I think he looks cool just from the neck up.
And Gertie looks realistic.
Gertie is more of a realistic dinosaur.
Yeah.
Gertie's more, you know, just steadfast, like a good trustworthy friend, but is Gertie cool?
I don't know.
Dinosaur.
What do you think is the, if this dinosaur Jack sticking his sunglasses down,
if he had something to say to you that was cool.
Well, if he.
What might that be?
Well, if it's a.
Smoke cigarettes, kids.
Anybody got a smoke?
Well, what would he say if it was 2001 California adventure?
He would make a pun, I guess.
But it would be like a cooler end pun.
Yeah, he would.
I'm peering over at the pier, he would say.
That's what he would do.
And you'd go, oh, cool.
That's cool.
That's cool.
That is cool.
That's very cool.
What he said.
Yeah.
That's what he would say.
So I like.
Future so bright.
I got to wear a pair of the things you can buy in my body.
Because you buy the sunglasses in the middle of his gut.
Can you bring that picture back up?
I noticed that dinosaur Jack or dino Jack, as it says on this pin,
if you look closely, there is a pin of a Disney pin trading pin.
Specifically from the piece of Disney history line
that features a small container of a piece of him that you could buy.
Whoa.
What?
Yes.
This was a line of pins or at least one line of pins.
Maybe they've done more where like closed things.
They have sold pieces of it inside a tiny little.
Really?
I didn't realize they did this because this is like baseball cards.
High end baseball cards often will have like,
and the best cards will have pieces of Jersey,
pieces of an actual baseball on like inside the card.
And this is the same kind of idea.
These must be worth a fortune.
That piece of dinosaur Jack, an inch, a less than inch wide piece of dinosaur Jack.
I will say it's kind of fucked up because he's a character and it's not a Jersey.
Yeah.
They cut, they cut him into little pieces.
They dismembered him.
And now you can buy a tiny piece of the dinosaur.
But I didn't know they did those.
Boardwalk Betsy tore him up by with her bare hands.
Yeah.
Just raw strength and grit and determination.
And she took tiny pieces of a dinosaur and glued it to a pin to sell for a good markup.
Man, I got to find out how much these are because they're
$30.
$30.
Here's $30 on eBay.
Yeah.
They should have done that to Botanicus at least so we could have had a piece of him and
not let him decay.
You know, I have a little, just a little, a little piece of his shoulder.
I have a little, yeah, it's like right in the middle of his chest.
This is, I have Botanicus's skin.
I have Botanicus's toenail, his little toenail.
I have this in a pin and I wear it now because I'm a creep.
If I get all the pieces of Botanicus's skin, I can sew it all back together and then be inside it.
And then I'm, I'm wearing a Botanicus skin suit and I'm Botanicus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Man, well this is, then that's possible with Dino Jack.
Yeah. If you could piece enough pins together.
I could recreate the coolest character in theme park history.
Wow. We got to, we got to track this down.
We got to track all the Dino Jack pieces down so I can recreate them inside this apartment.
Do you consider the orange stinger orange a character or is it a setting?
Do I consider New York a character in movies?
That's the question here.
And I would say sometimes depending on the film.
So I guess depending on the context, I could consider that orange a character.
Yes.
Are there pieces, are there pieces I can buy of the orange?
Is that where you're headed with this?
Uh, I don't know. I got to look this up.
I want to know what other.
Yeah. I want to know what other things they took down that we can buy
like microscopic pieces of in a pin.
Just buy whatever you can and turn it into one big Frankenstein.
That's like lots of, that's made up of a thousand different obscure theme park characters.
I could fix the problem with Dino Jack is that he didn't have a cool body somehow.
I could make a cool body for him to put that cool, put the cool head on.
Dino Jack, I'm going to make you the cool body you never had.
Really the plus up I would just say is just put a big leather jacket on him.
That's all I would be interested in, but we'll see.
Yeah. We'll see. Depending on the pieces I can get.
Huh. I never bought any sunglasses from Dino Jack though, and that's a regret.
No. Yeah. You're going to have a hard time
ending your life with that on your plate.
Oh yeah. Yeah. That's something you can never get that back.
You can never buy sunglasses from a dinosaur.
That's why you should really, we should all buy things from everywhere that there is
in theme parks so that we never in case that they, in case they go away.
Yeah. Well, you got to be, yeah, you got to be, you cover your bases.
I mean, some of this stuff is still standing.
Cornedale Castle still stands. Golden Zephyr still stands.
I believe Chomping Jellyfish was still standing last time it was there.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's still there.
It's a nice little sleeper and that's in Disney Sea as well.
That's in the little aerial zone. That's the only common thread between the greatest park
in the world and what was maybe at the time, one of the worst Disney parks in the world
in the same year. They did have the same ride, which it's funny.
Like yeah, jumping jellyfish is like probably one of the top 10 rides in California Adventure
at this point and it's the worst ride and it's just like, oh, and we also have this in Disney Sea.
Yeah. I have not, I've been on the jellyfish.
I have not been in the, I have not been on Golden Zephyr.
I realize it. I have once, it's closed due to wind a lot.
Yeah. If it's windy out.
Makes me worried. Yeah.
What's wrong with it? All it takes is a little wind.
Yeah. I mean, cause those things are so much like carnival rides and I love like,
I don't even know what you would call the generic version of Silly Symphony Swings or the orange,
whatever the orange thing was. I love that as a kid, but as I get older, I'm like,
this feels much more precarious than other rides. It's just like, there's a chain. There's two chains.
I'm being held up by, I could go flying into the water or into the food court.
Like there's something that makes me a little more anxious now doing those, but I will do them.
I'm not as, it's, I'm trying to think if I'm more freaked out by Mulholland Madness,
Goofy Skyschool or I don't know. It's about, it might be about equal, honestly.
Yeah. But it is fun.
The Silly Symphony Swings are fun. I just am like constantly looking up on those.
Sure. Do you want to talk about the orange?
Yeah. I liked the orange. I don't know. I kind of liked it. I think it was, I think they,
in this area of the park, they were leaning heavily on that style of architecture in California,
where like Tale of the Pup or Idol Hour Bar, which is a bar shaped like a barrel,
like a building shaped like an item or shaped like a thing. And yes, it's just less endearing.
It's fun when you encounter that in the middle of a city. It's a little less fun when you're in
a theme park and everything kind of looks like that already, you know?
Yeah. I'll say like, I like this orange more than I like the sun at the, like the icon of the
original park. I think it is more fun to look at. It's clearly a little like, I don't know,
gaudy, cheapish, but it's fun to look at. I enjoy looking at it.
Like it looks good with neon at night, actually. Yeah.
Maybe I like the orange. Maybe I, here I thought we were going to, you know,
tear this orange apart, but I, you know, of all the things, because we've talked about
some truly hideous things in this two parter and I don't know, the orange is kind of neat.
It was big. The size, I think the size benefits the neon benefits. And yeah, I mean, it had a
little more theming, a little more thought to it than Malibuumer, which was just nothing.
Yeah, there's nothing to Malibuumer. Yeah.
Yeah. What I remember about the orange is that I will say this, that like you'd see pictures of
this park getting built. Because people, if you were staying at the, what's now the Paradise
Pier Hotel, if you had a room in there, you could, you know, very easily look over the fence and see
the stuff that was going in. And all this carnival stuff went in first. The coaster went in first.
And the orange might've been like the first thing up. I think it was pretty easy to build.
So that was sitting there for a while. And I just remember the general feeling. I felt this and
message boards I was going to were like, all right, we got the new park coming. Oh, we got
our first thing up. It's a big orange. Uh oh. Like this does not bode well. And I admit that
that was the feeling at the time. Just like, ah, geez, I don't know. Is it all going to be like
this orange? Is that a sign of what's to come? But you know, now that some of that anger has died down
and now we, and they made the park better. I feel like now if you had to bring, I don't know,
maybe the orange is more interesting than the silly Symphony swings.
Yeah. I like it.
I mean, it's, it's, um, after, since we, I think maybe even if we had done this first,
we might've been harder on it as opposed to going through Hollywood land first. Because like,
when you compare this to stuff in Hollywood land, you go, well, this is fun. I mean, it's,
it's not like classy maybe, but it's fun. Like it doesn't look as much like crap as some of the
other stuff. And I don't know. I, I would say if there's a one piece of the pier, I would be
close to nostalgic for other than the dinosaurs. It would be this. Um, cause when I see, I see the
rest of the pier, you go, ah, I don't miss any of this. Um, but this is, this is fun in hindsight.
And I never was like, if you went with me at California adventure 10 years ago, I was not
like this or like, I, I, I was not upset about the orange or anything, but if I may, I'm analyzing,
you know, as a theme park, uh, analyzer.
Well, I was going to ask this question. Does, if you had to, uh, snap your fingers,
reverse the Thanos and bring something back, if one thing could come back from DCA 1.0,
um, I was going to ask that question. My answer was going to be the orange. Is it,
is that the answer for all of us? It could be ride or it could be a writer. It could be one
like sign, anything you want, but only one. That is a very good question. Oh my gosh. I'm on the
spot here. Um, let me think only one. I mean, I, can it be an ironic pick? Does it have to be sincere?
I think, I think you define that it's just, what would you like to see there again?
I would like superstar limo to be in the park. Oh yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. It would be great to go
on it. Yeah. Like a couple times a year. I probably this again, I w I keep apologizing to monsters
in cried, no offense monsters in cry, which are very good, but I think I would go on superstar
limo more. I would go on it every time I went to the park. I think so. Yeah. I would have to say it.
Yeah. Um, I think, yeah. So that would be my number one pick, but if we're talking like
aesthetic choices, uh, yeah, I think, or I could see orange being the one, bring the orange back
in some capacity. You could even class it up. You know, what you could do is you could class it up
a little bit with a different type of paint job. The paint, the orange in here is very like, I don't
know how, what you would call it. It's not like there's no like gradient. There's no shading
necessarily on it. But I think if you maybe just painted it a little bit more to fit in with the
aesthetic of the pier that the Pixar pier now, I think you could make it work.
More mature orange. A more mature classy orange. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Um, well, what would we not
bring back of what's left? Oh, I've got the most egregious thing, uh, that we haven't talked about
yet. The SS rust worthy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I, I, I, I don't know how I just blocked this out. I think
I just associate it with like, oh, there's kids play area over here. It was a little ship
jumping jellyfish. Okay. And just went along my way in college. Um, I have to say, I did not know
until I started researching this episode about the horrifying faceless firemen, the nightmare
creature that in theory, a child stands behind and they have fun water fights with this hose.
Uh, in reality, it just looks like a ghost, uh, it's constantly standing there.
Oh yeah. It is, it is a very scary without an actual human head in there. Um, yeah, I don't,
I did not know anything about the ghost. Are they, oh, wait, Jason, are you smarter scare them or the
doll face spectrum? Oh, well, it's gotta be doll face spectrum, man. Cause that's just imprinted
on me at like a primal, you know, young, young ages, my brain was still developing, but, um,
yeah, I really did not like the firemen. Uh, when I stumbled upon it, I get the need for a kids play
area, but when it's just like, uh, it makes me ship the olive at islands of adventure, it looked
like a masterwork of aesthetics of pleasing aesthetics. Yeah. Well, they were, they, um,
they were metal. They were flat too. That picture you're showing had looked like it had some
dimension. So they were like, oddly like detailed, like it really, I think would look okay in a photo
op with your kid behind it. It wouldn't just look like a flat. Um, but I, I did not remember this.
I realize, I don't know, I forget where it is, but there was supposed to be a muscle beach play area
that was originally conceived for Disney California adventure. It was going to be
themed after muscle beach in Venice. That's very, that's odd. That's so odd. Like this,
Oh, paradise pier might be the oddest part. Did everyone come across the name of the games at the
boardwalk? Uh, I have them somewhere. Oh yeah. Well, you got, yeah. Hey, you got rebounding beach.
Of course I know. Reboundo beach. Uh, they gave up seemingly immediately with angels in the outfield.
Uh, just a movie they had a boardwalk board cow wenga pass. That's okay. That's very specific.
That's very local to like the Disney studios area. Dolphin Derby, new hall, fishery, San Joaquin
volley, rebounding beach and shore shot. Reboundo beach is the best. I think of all of those,
but it's not that great. You got, yeah, you got, okay. So you got rebounding beach. You got
Malibu Ritos. Uh, I mean, there's, there's puns of places in California, Sam, Andreas shakes.
There's all this stuff. We were doing some of these at the beginning of the episodes. Why I
thought something we could try to do together. Um, okay. So I have a list of California's most
populated cities. Uh, in a minute I'm going to ask one of you for a number and we'll look at what
that city is and we will try to think of something and it could be a ride. It could be a, uh, a
carnival game. It could be just an item at a restaurant. Um, I don't know what's, what's left
if it lends itself to like a bathroom amenity. Um, but I, this, this seems like just let's,
let's try to think like 2001, um, imagine your namers. Um, so let's see, um, uh, well, I don't
know. One of you, one of you just call it a number. Let's keep it in more known city. So like, so one
to a hundred, uh, eight, eight. Um, eight is Oakland. Okay. Um, okay. Which is the, so that's,
that's, that's a pretty big one and nothing was, I don't think was named after Oakland.
Okay. It's a bicycle shop called Spokeland. Pretty good. Pretty good. I was going to say a,
it could be a kid's water area, uh, like the rest worthy, uh, called Sokeland.
Or it's like, uh, it's like an egg slut type restaurant called Yokeland.
That's pretty good. Yokeland they should have done. Absolutely. Yeah. Yokeland's pretty good.
That's a breakfast spot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Geez. Wow. Wow. If this isn't another hire,
if this isn't another resume here, or this isn't another proof of concept that we're
sketching out. Boy, I've got one, but it's worse. I've got one. Uh, but instead of grizzly peak,
do you do a redwood area called Oaksland? Sure. That's what you call the wooded area.
Instead of naming it after a real place with, with Oaks. Yes. You do Oaksland.
Pretty good. I don't know. I like it. Do you want to do one further down the list of a hundred?
Yeah. Can I get, um, 21 21 lucky 21. This is a little close. Oxnard. Um, okay. Well, Soxnard.
Yeah. Soxnard there. Uh, uh, yeah. I mean, now that they own Fox, you could do Foxnard and it's all
the Fox property. Yeah. It's all your friends. It's all your Fox friends. There's Pixar appear
and there's Foxnard. Foxnard is like it's in the Fox area in California venture. So theme is still
to California. That's good. So it's alien and all that stuff. Where you get your Kevin McAllister
merchandise. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, that's pretty good. Um, but here we, let's, let's do
one more. Let's uh, get anyone closer to the bottom. 98. 98. Um, uh, Newport beach. We already
got some beaches. We got a reboundo beach in Manhattan beach, but Newport is not represented.
It's a stew restaurant. It's two port beach. Well, you got my vote. It's all stew. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Cause here's your first dollar. Oh, I have it for Cal Universal. Group port beach.
Oh, that's good. Grooves beach from a Despicable Me.
Pretty good. Get it. Go the other side and do Newport beach. Also, that's good. Yeah.
Well, it's got to be more, but that was not, um, terrible effort. I don't think none of those were
at a Newport reach. I didn't think maybe that one was, but yeah, all of these could have been in the
park. I don't think anything was too absurd for the, for the quality for the line they had there.
Could I just say real quick? I like the SS Rustworthy. I kind of think it's cool. Yeah. Yeah.
I think it's cool. If we fully explain it's like that, it's like it's, it's shifts that it's
presented by McDonald's as a part of the McDonald's presence in the park. And the reason it's called
the trust it's called the Rustworthy is it's kind of like missing a T that fell off of the sign.
So it's supposed to be SS trustworthy, which it does say in some setting, but maybe it's not so
trustworthy because the T fell off. So now it's the SS Rustworthy. I think the ship looks like
more well-themed than a lot of the stuff in DCA 1.0. Well, look at that. That sort of like,
like water stain at the, but you know, you know, like we're complaining that everything looks too
clean, but look at it at the rust, right? On the, on the stern. I will use the word stern
because the captions there. Yeah. Like that actually is more subtle and well done. I think
than, than a lot of it. That's more Disney Seas Alley. A McDonald's boat. Sign me up just for the
concept alone. And then I see it and I go, Oh, pretty good. Obviously I could use a Grimace or
two. I could use Grimace. I could use a Fry Guy on here. I could use Birdie, but that's the only
plus of I would have for it. I think other than that, like if you were a kid and you're like,
I would like to go on the McDonald's ship. Wait, were those surfboards that you could kind of
teeter on? That's a cool playground mechanism. Yeah. It looks dangerous, but yeah, it does look
very dangerous. Oh yeah. That looks not very high, but yeah, those kids are going to eat shit. I mean,
they're going to fall, but it was fun before they fell. Yeah. I like this. I think this looks like
this would be fine. This would, this looks like Toontown level. Yeah. You know what? Wow. Well,
here, like there's some surprises in there. This isn't all, uh, snarking and dunking. We like the
orange. We like the Rustworthy. There used to be a back entrance right over here too. If you're
staying at Paradise Pier, you could get in. It very much reminded me of like back in the early
2000s. If you stayed at the Hard Rock at Universal Orlando, you could just go through like an employee
parking lot and an access path and be right at the front gates of, uh, the original universal park.
And they would tell you about it at the front desk, but there weren't really signs saying to use it.
So that's gone. That's closed. That's gone because you got to hit metal detectors. Now they direct
you like, Oh, take the path around the hotel and then hit the metal detector. But yeah, you can just
kind of wander over back in the day. And, um, here's, here's my question now. We're getting,
we're already talking about Rustworthy. We're really close to burger invasion. I feel like you
got to end with burger invasion. What do we want to finish? Uh, what do we want to fit in before
burger invasion? Oh, um, uh, just maybe the aesthetic of California screaming, like I never
had a problem with the Mickey symbol, but in like now looking at just Mickey on the fun wheel,
taking Mickey off of the roller coaster, it's clear how much better that is. Like,
it's, it's so, it makes such a difference just having paradise pier written on the coaster and
Mickey on the Ferris wheel. Like too many, too many big shapes in this place. Yeah. I don't hate the
old Mickey on the, on the roller coaster, but yeah, I, it's just, it's funny that I, I wouldn't have
been able to identify these problems. I mean, I would have known that that weird sun scares me on
the, on the Ferris wheel, but other than that, it's interesting. I go, man, that does look so much
better. Yeah. Um, after the fact. Um, so yeah, I don't know. I don't have any, a ton more thoughts.
I don't have much to say about, uh, pizza. Um, Mao Mao. However, I here's this, this something clicked
for me when I was watching a, um, a video about, called the wacky weirdness that was Disney's
California adventure. And that's by a YouTuber named magically Emily. Um, and what she, something
she said, I think really, uh, you really see it in pizza, um, Mao Mao, but you see it all over the
place. Pizza, um, Mao Mao is kind of like Tiki themed and it's like a cool surf shack where they
make pizza and everything's looks annoying. And that's too many fonts fighting. Um, but this, uh,
what, what she said in the video is that a lot of California adventure, um, feels like Blizzard
beach, you know, like it's stuff that you would, things that you would forgive because it's just a
water park and it's kind of this kooky thing. And you're, so your level of theming expectation
is a little lower. You're fine with some kind of eye rolly pun stuff. Um, but yeah, or, you know,
it's essentially a tin shack, but they kind of put some funny and there's an implied character
of who runs it, but you kind of expect something higher with a full theme park. Doesn't that feel
right though? It is a lot of this is very Blizzard beachy and you're, it's fine there, but I don't
know about it here. Yeah, it's, it is, I mean, you, depending on what your expectations are for
something matters a ton. I don't know in anything, movies, TV, theme parks, like you're going into a
water park, you expect it to be fine. You don't expect there hasn't been yet a water park on a
theming level of what the Disney sea or the best Disney park. So you're never going to fully expect
you'll always be blown away. I like volcano Bay. The volcano is amazing. It's incredible. Then the
rides and slides are fun, but still they didn't go all out on theming for those things. So we have yet
to get to a place where you like, you expect everything to be a certain way in a water park.
And it's like, yeah, this, this feels like that aesthetic. It is obviously like connected. We've
talked about the ninetiesness of Disney world, which we like in some ways, but you can definitely
feel like it's time to end the nineties in the, with the aesthetic of 2001 California adventure.
The nineties must end the Jedi must end the nineties must end and 2001 California adventure
is where like you really can feel it. So yeah, I totally agree with what she's saying.
Well, I think Paradise Pier, they also like split the difference because like the first,
like half of it they're going for like early 20th century seaside amusement town,
like the billboards are old timey kind of, even though it's for Coke and copper tone or whatever.
When you, you come around that part of the pier and California screaming, old timey Calliope music,
and it's made to look like an old wooden coaster. And then you run like faced first into like
late 20th century kitsch. And it, it, it doesn't, it doesn't quite marry well. And that is kind of
what like some seaside resort towns are like, they preserve some of it. And then some of it
changes as people like stop caring about frozen yogurt and they want, you know, rolled ice cream,
like whatever the trend of the moment is the, the Fortnite shirts give way to, I don't know,
minion shirts or reverse that angry birds. I don't know what's in what timeline,
yeah, angry birds, but it, that kind of changes. But like these parks don't quite change that way.
Like these parks aren't updated as much. They kind of stay put for a little while. So I think the,
the pizza, um, while, while the design inside, it does look like, you know, you go to long beach or
Newport beach in California and there was like, Hey, this is a burger and beer place. We've been
on diners, drive-ins and dives. Uh, we've been, my grandfather started this 50 years ago. He was a
surfer and we've kept it going, et cetera, et cetera. But it's like, we'll just drive to that
place. Don't eat this terrible pizza. Just go to that place. Like it's not, it doesn't transport
you to somewhere that you couldn't get to, um, in California. Yeah. It's just, it also, it just also
feels like it's of, of the moment, which you can, I don't think there's a good example of something
that lasted in theme parks that are, that's so of the moment. Like it has to be more.
We're in the way that we're like, this thing's great. It's so eighties and, but also that's
what you love or even like the haunted mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean are kind of indelibly
sixties. They're timeless, but they're sixties and things are, Epcot's timeless, but it's eighties.
Is anything timeless, but it's 2001?
Well, that's a good question. I, all that stuff comes in waves. I even remember when I felt like
people were like, it turned completely on the eighties and the eighties aesthetic and even
eighties music. I feel like I remember that in like even college when it was like that stuff's
date, like it felt dated. So I don't know if we're even there yet. I guess is where I'm going with
20 years though. That should be, it is 20 years. There's certainly things that are like
probably like, you know, pulled out and remember and fondly recalled from then, but
maybe not a lot in theme park world. Yeah. I don't know. That's a good question.
I have a maybe related question. I was just saying I'm waiting. I in, in indie rock and roll,
I think there's a big resurgence in sort of an early nineties sound. None of these bands are
that popular. I don't think, but even, but some are, some are moderately popular and I'm like,
is there going to be a resurgence of my beloved teen years of like the third eye blind matchbox
20, the bare naked ladies sound, will that come, will that be coming back in the next five to 10
years? It's I think it's possible. Will I be the one to do it? Maybe that's also possible.
You're going to start, you now are going to start a matchbox 20
tribute band. That's going to be cool. Not a tribute, but it'll be like, oh, you know,
this is the similar, man, this sounds just as good as more than you think you are.
The matchbox 20 album or, you know, it's possible. I'm just saying it's possible. I'm not saying I'm
doing it. Sure. Sure. Well, but with it's new radicals mania out there again, post an operation,
obviously. So well, there's, there's fun accounts like catalog. I mean, there's accounts on the Y2K
aesthetic Institute on Twitter. And there's a lot of accounts around that cataloging some of the
early 2000s design stuff. And some of it is very fun. And you're starting to see like designers
and fashion, like call it back. But it's possible. What I'm saying is I don't think we appreciate a
lot of this stuff right now, but who knows in five years, maybe we will look like fools for goofing
on all this in a couple of years because maybe it's not in fashion. It's like not our choice,
like what we pull from then. Cause we went through it and we were like, we took things for granted.
We don't have an outsider perspective. We're just like, I remember then everything kind of looked
like shit. Maybe that's how people feel about the eighties. Like maybe you have to like be more
removed from it to say, wait, no, no, no, this was cool. And this was cool. Right. Yeah. That's true.
To us on a similar note, I wanted to ask this question. The vibe of California adventure in
general, that's what a lot of this has been about. And I'm thinking about that opening special,
especially to like the way that it's, you know, like the way that Barry Bustwick and Richard
Kind are dressed and the way Drew Carey's dressed in the ride. I feel like, you know, it's bright
yellow, like big bowling shirts and then like, yeah, annoying fonts like pizza, um, it's like,
and it's all tilted and, uh, colors that don't really, man, it's, it's kooky. It's supposed to
be that way. I was just trying to think like, are there, is there anything else in pop culture,
I'm talking outside of theme parks that you would say is the vibe of California adventure 1.0?
And I have a little list of what I thought of, but if you want to, if you want to add anything to the
list, because I don't, there's no name for this aesthetic. Maybe, maybe DCIS is the,
the term for the aesthetic. I mean, that can drive it. Um, but does anything strike you as like,
oh yeah, that is also like early DCI.
Huh. Anything and anything like a place or that. That's what I'm thinking. I'm just thinking other
pop culture. I'll list a couple things and just see if anything else occurs, occurs to you. Um,
I think, um, Smash Mouth in general. Yes. Yes. Some retro there. I think retro is a nice part of it.
I think the movie from Justin to Kelly is kind of like California, early California adventure.
Master of disguise, you might say. Um, it's kind of like, that's almost like a Mr. Six movie. That's
like if there was a Mr. Six full feature film, it would be master of disguise. Um, I think that,
I think the Drew Carey show in general, but specifically Mimi, I think the character Mimi,
early California adventure is like walking around Mimi. If you could be, if you could be,
if there was, if you could be Mimi, like being John Malkovich, it's, it's, you'd be here. Um,
and even though it came later, the John Lovitz comedy club,
you could have absolutely planted the John Lovitz comedy club in the middle of California adventure.
And I think John, John Lasseter's shirts. Um, well, that's no question. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Though I'm sure he has a shirt for every era of theme parks. I had assumed. Yeah, absolutely.
Ease of, ease of 2001, Nostalgia. Yeah. Yeah. Those are, that's a good list. I,
I don't know that I can improve on that at all right now, but I, I see what you're saying.
I, I, the first thing that I thought of, which is not right, it was gone in 60 seconds,
but that's not right. No, maybe I, I'm trying to remember that poster. I remember it. I remember
it more than some relatives faces, I think. That's a couple of years prior, I think, right? To, uh,
California Metro opening. Can I? No, 2000, it's 2000. I have a couple. That's a little too cool.
Go ahead, Jason. I, I'd like some, some feedback on it. Um, by the way, to answer your earlier
question, the thing I wish that was still there was the ice cream place, ketchup flavor, because
they did a lot of fun stuff with flavor swirls. Okay. So my contribution to your current question,
um, the J Moore sitcom action. Sure. Yeah. It's even hard to say why, but I know what you mean.
I mean, it's the poster, but also it's kind of, I think Mcgee, that's it. Mcgee, all the Mcgee
videos and Charlie's angel. Definitely Charlie's angels. Okay. Here's another one. The David
Duchovny, Sean Williams Scott movie evolution. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Um, I'm going to toss
out a dark horse. Yeah. Well, big fat liar. Big liar was what I was about to say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Agreed. Um, and I, I do, I do like this movie. It definitely got too much and it definitely got out
of hand as time went on. But when I saw it, we all had a nice time. Shrek. Yeah. Shrek, Shrek is on
my list. Yeah. Yeah. Completely. And all the culture surrounding Shrek, general Shrek ism,
I think ties into Smash Mouth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, it's probably too mean spirited,
but I think you could make an argument for father of the pride. It's a little later.
Yeah. Yeah. I, um, I don't, I think there's a level of like just all these things just kind
of go for it. They all, they do all take big aesthetic swings. So they, the right swing,
I don't know. They all, uh, none of them care if their CGI is up to snuff or not. Like we're doing
it anyway. Yeah. Shit. Bold. Early. I mean, is it like 2000 core? Is that the term?
2000 core, which I like in like magazine ads or like, like plastic blobby watches, but like
maybe less so on the, uh, oh my God, I had one. I had one so clear. Oh, I got it. Osmosis Jones.
Yeah. Yeah. Definitely.
I know a movie with a stacked cast that I went to see and like very slowly throughout it. I was
like, Oh no, this isn't very good. Oh no. What about bringing down the house? The, um, is that
the, uh, the queen Latifah Steve Martin movie? Yeah. Yeah. I find them both very endearing. So
I think it's, I, I probably do not agree though, that here as I share my screen, that this
image of Steve Martin in a bright blue Jersey and bling kicking his leg, his sneaker,
put up and wearing a knit cap. Doesn't this kind of feel like California adventure to you somehow?
Well, they had to do this scene very quickly because they had to get that wardrobe back to
Bulworth. Uh, maybe for it.
Bored. That's pretty good. I think anything that's loud and proud and, and 2000 Z that's,
that's maybe what I'm saying. Austin powers two and three.
Yeah, but I saw two first, so I, I think I have more affection for two. I saw bad. I know, but I,
I'm thinking, but I think two is a lot trashier movies though than the original, I think. And
especially the third big time gold member. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Completely. If you know,
if we have any idea what we're talking about listener, maybe we'll prompt this on Twitter,
but just like what let's like try to create the aesthetic family tree of DCA 1.0. Cause there's
got to be, I was like, there has to be this in the wild more. Uh, and I think it, I think it was,
this is a fair amount of examples. Yeah. Zoomers, if you're listening, I'm always hearing young
people talk about vibes. We're talking vibes. We're talking 2000, 2001 vibes. And I think we
can have a lot of fun with this. So please, yeah. Keep it, keep it going. Um, let's, uh, I think
with all that, we, as we said, we know where we have to close the, the dearly departed,
the most egregious thing I think in this entire original park is half a McDonald's menu
or a quarter of the limited McDonald's menu served under a huge sloppy burger that is also
a spaceship. I guess we're talking about burger invasion hosted by McDonald's. Um,
and yeah, I mean here now, like I'll just share the screens. We're all, I mean, we're probably
all looking at it to some extent, but like, this is definitely 2000 core. Like this, this font for
sure would have been, uh, up on a poster of a bad movie of the time. And just like, oh my God,
that this like, look at this pathway leading up to it that you've got like, you know, a nice little
theme park garden on either side of you and your reward at the end is a big, like a long burger.
Isn't this, this looks like a sub of a burger. Yeah, I don't know. I don't, to me it's like a burger
actually would make more, like would actually lend itself to being a UFO much easier than the way
they did it. I don't know why it looks like that. It looks odd. It looks like squished, right? Like
it should be like bigger or less, a bit less, a bit like less long. Yeah. Like what you're saying.
It's like weird portholes in the meat and then a bunch of screws and gears on the bottom
bun, but not on the top. You could have also made it like just silver. Like it resembles a hamburger,
but it's obviously a spaceship, you know, like you could have, like that would have been much less
gross because this looks kind of gross. It looks like it's really, yeah, it looks like fake. I mean,
it's obviously fake, but it looks, it just looks like, I don't know, like in the display of a
restaurant, sometimes they have like a fake burger to make you want to eat the real one. And sometimes
those are really gross. In Japan, they have that a lot where they have like the plates out in the
window and sometimes they look fine. And then sometimes they look like artificial or they've
been treated so they don't spoil. So something's not rotting in the window, but this looks like,
yeah, like this looks like some play food, like a giant piece of play food that's been squished.
It's weird. I don't know why you, this would not make anyone hungry.
And presumably they still had some of the blueprints for the sci-fi dining,
like just some of that. Like what went so wrong between Disney MGM studios and this?
They had so many similar ideas and did them so bad.
Yeah, I don't know. It's like, yeah, McDonald's, it was like, did McDonald's insist we must have
a representation of a Big Mac that well, that's the only reason people would come over here.
I mean, the five is less agree. But that's not a Big Mac.
I know, but it's got sesame seeds. It's got sesame seeds on it. That's why I'm assuming
they think it's a Big Mac. It's the thing this article pointed out. This is a kind of burger
that then you could not get when you got to the counter at Burger Invasion.
Yeah. What is the menu? The menu is down lower, right?
Yeah. It's like a rest stop McDonald's. I mean, it is exciting. I mean, it would be cool to like
get a Big Mac or a McFlurry in the middle of the theme park. Like sometimes you just want a Big
Mac or sometimes it's a, well, it's hard to beat, you know?
I would say I and a lot of other people have a lot more affection for the fry card in, over in
Frontierland where they would sell the McDonald's fries there than this. But yes, to your point,
I mean, sometimes when it comes down to like what kind of garbage hamburger are you going to eat?
Is it going to be from the Tomorrowland fasts quick service or would it be McDonald's? I'd
probably pick McDonald's. Yes.
Like if it's going to be a cheap fast cheap-ish fast meal.
You know what you're getting? It's a vetted cheap burger.
I don't think like, yeah, like the Tomorrowland, which I haven't had a ton, but like the
Tomorrowland cheeseburger over at, what is it? Tomorrowland Terrace? Is that what that restaurant
is called? Yeah. Like that's never good. I've never had that and gone, wow, pretty good.
No, that's always a disappointment.
Certainly not. I also just look at the texture everywhere. Like, yeah, it's like real like,
it looks like worms or something. The burger.
Yes. Worms.
Looks like a ton of worms all jammed together with metal pieces sticking out. The weird like wrinkly
lettuce, like it looks like wrinkled felt, like floppy cheese. I don't, I'm trying to think of
where else I've seen iterations of giant hamburgers, but I think they bother me in general.
And I don't think in that way where I'm bothered by big things. I think they just like discussed
me aesthetically in the, in the film Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band with the
Bee Gees and Peter Frampton, there's a giant hamburger covering a gazebo. That's one of the
main like aesthetic swings of that movie. It's like awful. The big burger. Gah.
Yeah.
Am I wrong? Are there good examples of big burgers?
Not that, not since it's smaller, but the Playplace officer Big Mac jail thing. That's a big
burger that you can climb in. We've talked about this recently. I think that's a good version of
it. Yeah. But he's like only part food. He's part food, part character and part place making.
Yes. Part prison.
Part prison. Yes. The foodness is offset.
Yeah. So that, yeah, it's not completely the same thing. I'm trying to think. Yeah. But I,
look, fake food in general. I mean, my sister had the whole like fake kitchen, like Fisher Price
kitchen with all the fake food that we would play with. And I always remember like being a
little grossed out at the fake food. It was always a little gross. We, we, I would probably use it to
like, the Ninja Turtles would hit each other with it. But I would still like, when I would look at
like the fake slice of cheese, I'd be like, oh, something weird about fake food. This is like
sandwich cheese. Like, like there wouldn't be holes in the cheese. Yeah. That's Swiss cheese
right there. Also the onions are still a little green. Yeah. They're really thick. They would
really dominate. Big squishy ketchup. There's a parade that we looked at that had like a giant
sandwich and it had that kind of cheese. And I didn't like that either. I, this is just a bad
area, I guess. And then like this font, doesn't this font belong in Marvel superhero island?
Yeah. It's similar to that. Yeah. I mean, I think it's similar to like Buzz Lightyear's spin,
whatever. I don't like it aesthetically. I like the ride, but I think that, I think all the signage
for all of them is pretty uniformly gross. Yeah. I don't know. I don't, I don't hate the,
for this font so much. It's just, it's sticking out of a really unappetizing hamburger spaceship.
And the colors in the font are not represent the, the many colors in the font are not really
represented in the burger and are not represented in the McDonald's logo, which has like a space
halo over it. I think if you make this thing all like steel, like paint it like a steel gray
and with like little highlights and like, like little lights on it, but it looks like a hamburger.
I think it looks not perfect, but it looks much better and more aesthetically pleasing.
That's like, you don't want people, yeah, you don't want people to like look at and go,
you want people to go, oh, look at that as a spaceship, but oh, it looks kind of like a
hamburger. That's cute. Let me go eat McDonald's. Well, there's also some weird perspective going
on because the picture appears to like the thruster, the, the, the, the thruster is pushing it
sideways as opposed to at you. Like if it was coming at you, it might be a little more dynamic,
but it's like you're watching it pass. Yeah. Yeah.
Trip to the left. It doesn't help when you look at it from behind. And this was not their intent
looking at Cars Land from behind. Doesn't look so good. However, again, this is what I was saying
when you're looking at construction photos, like what does this new park going to look like? And
then you see this, you see this pink dinosaur, you see a big orange and you see the back of a
hamburger. Things just did not feel promising from the outset for this area. No, no, it looks, yes,
it looks like, um, like a movie, like you could just push the flat down and the burger will come
down, which maybe you could have at the time. I don't know. Well, that's not what would be fine
with this on a billboard. If this was like a, if this, if some new burger based movie was being
advertised, I guess I like the burger. There's kind of 3d burgers. I don't think they've done
this in a long time, but in and out billboards used to have sort of 3d of five burgers and
those were fine. They looked like the in and out burgers, not like generic, but partially
sandwich burgers, partially hot dog shapes. What did this thing doesn't know what it is?
Yeah, it's yeah, it doesn't. And I would not bring this back even for irony. No, at the expense. Yeah.
I mean, even if I could get McDonald's, I still wouldn't. There's a McDonald's across the street.
There's a McDonald's on Harbor. Yeah. Yeah. You can get whatever you want there. You're dead to me,
big burger. Yeah. I'm I'm exhausted. I'll say that. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I feel like there
was a one. Oh, oh my God. We haven't talked about the this is the final little thing. The
send us out as well. Oh, okay. So wonderful. Okay. Okay. You not only got burger invasion
and by the way, the whole thing, the calling it burger invasion presented by McDonald's and
the fry wagon wasn't called McDonald's like Disney wanted to have the McDonald's sponsorship,
but they were resistant to just putting a McDonald's in as opposed to Six Flags,
which that guy took over and said Johnny Rockets is going in and they said, yes, sir.
Universal kind of the same deal. Disney to their credit wanted their money, but they didn't want
to just say McDonald's. So they're like, we got to do something else. We got to call it something.
So that's why it's burger invasion. And you know, they made it a fun thing. It's Kooky,
California culture. And they tied it in with the billboard over in Paradise Spear. There's an ad
for burger invasion with the slogan. It's a meteor shower and meteor is crossed out and it says
meteor with the McDonald's M. It's a meteor shower. Yeah. This, I will say this billboard is 10 times
better than the facade. It's much more dynamic. I agree. 100%. There's a lot of burgers. They're
all coming. There's fries coming at you too. It's a lot. It's many, all of it. Flesh is out the world
of the burger ship. There's lots of burger ships, seemingly traveling at light speed down to earth
and some fries as well, which are not ships. They're just big boxes of fries. Yeah. This is
way better. If this was just literally the sign, I wouldn't have as much of a problem with it. I
don't think I'd be like, well, it's kind of cheap looking, but it's kind of, it's okay. I don't hate
it. Are you though bothered by the idea of a meat shower? That's a question for Jason.
Well, I don't know. You know, in Vegas, you can see Lady Gaga's a meat dress at the house of Gaga.
Hey, did you know that was preserved in Burbank at a taxidermy place? They preserved it so it
could be put on display. Jason, meat shower, have you ever taken a meat shower in your life?
I've taken a meat shower. I think we were together. I've been to the places where they come
around with the meat on the swords and cut it off. That's hardly a shower.
But it kind of falls from above, like in the loosest sense, maybe a meat drizzle. That is
technically. I know. I know we're talking about the shower head has to be raining ground beef.
That's what a meteor shower is. Okay. So you're talking like a gummo kind of nightmare. Yeah. No,
I don't think I am into that. Yeah, I don't know. I can't really defend this. I will say it is
certainly more dynamic, but again, breaks the old timey beach down for the like in your face kitsch.
It's unclear if these burgers and fries are ships though, because this, the actual facade of the
restaurant would suggest that they're ships of some kind and perhaps there are aliens inside.
So it's a meteor shower, but I don't know. I don't know if these are actually like sentient life
forms. I don't actually know what this billboard is implying because these are not regular
hamburgers with regular meat. You know what I'm saying? Like it's not just, they have propulsion
systems. They have some sort of, yeah, gears. Like there's something going on here. So yeah,
not just saying that lots of burgers are coming to earth. It's like the very specific notion that
burger shaped ships are on their way to earth, like, like 10 of them. And is that a problem?
It might be very possible. It's this very Independence day scenario where they're,
they're going to just try to kill us all. So if it's straight meat shower, no, thank you.
But if it's like sort of McDonald's fun aliens coming to give us hamburgers from their ship and
they have like hamburger making machines in the ship, then I'm interested.
Welcome to earth burger.
Yeah.
But they pulled out, but they pulled it out before we could actually have all these questions
answered. So they did. Yeah. It's just left for us to pontificate again, as you said, Mike, far
beyond what the Imagineers who put this in, far beyond the degree to which they thought about it.
We've wasted a lot of time. We've wasted two episodes, this one longer than the first. What
were we thinking that we could do this in one, especially because like, well, I guess what we
didn't account for was between the two 40 minutes of Jim Belushi content. See when you, by the time
you've accounted for all that, you know, look, it, it, it went and went, but.
But look, that's the, that's what you're listening here for is Belushi content,
seat content, all the side stuff that really, all the, all the garnishes from the salad bar,
from the topping that is pop podcast, the ride, we can pull anything, lettuce, tomato,
rel you could put relish on the. Relish mushrooms, onions. Yeah. Yeah.
You could put on boardwalk dips or Broadway Broadway dips. Yeah. Either one.
So fucking pissed at imagine you've never been more. No, no, no. Don't you see that
there became a hero story for you? You were right. Yeah. Yeah. It's like they were designed.
They set a trap for you. And I think that's unfair. I think they, they're the ones who should be
punished. I had to leave my like the goddamn here's journey. I had to leave my comfort zone
and struggle. It sucked. So that's. Well, you'll be stronger because of it.
Yeah, that's true. And then I'll return back to rest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we've made it. We've
made it through a two act, a pretty epic heroes journey for everybody that you survived DCA 1.0
and DCA 1.0.2. Keep it tuned here to patreon.com slash podcast, the ride for, you know, more stuff
that's like this, if that's still what you want. Now, Mike, you said you had a way to take us out.
Oh yeah. Well, I wasn't even aware that there was sort of a pre world of color show called
Luminaria. Yeah. And we'll get to a full episode on it, but I was looking at a clip of it and maybe I
I'll think this is funnier than you guys will. There's a clip of it and it's clearly low rent
world of color. There's still cool stuff in it, but I'm pretty sure I found a clip where like
one of the explosives malfunctions and I just want to play it for you.
And you tell me, maybe I'm wrong. It might just be where the person was sitting,
but it's like here, I'm just going to play it and it might not even read for the listener. You
cannot even hear it, but I just wanted to play this and get reaction. So here we go. I'm going
to share the screen now, share the computer screen. You can tell me if you think this was on purpose
or not, because it seems like something blows up.
What? Well, now black smoke is not something you usually want to see from a fireworks display.
Am I wrong? It's not like a music swells or anything. All of a sudden, just like a fucking
bomb goes off. I think so. I don't know. We'll have to explore it on the luminari episode,
but I don't know, made me laugh. It's kind of California adventure distilled. It was initially
like a bomb going off, but hey, it all worked out, you know, and they planted the seeds,
the seeds from last episode of what became a really amazing park. I feel like maybe they had
to do that. They had to just like stick a stupid thing in the ground so that a better park could
grow. So it goes to you. Yeah, it had to go through a hero's journey. Your park. That's right.
Journey. And they had to correct the Broadway and boardwalk a little errors all through the
part. That was, that's like, there were a ton of those on a big scale and they fixed it.
And it's great today. Happy 20 years. Happy 20 years. We really like California Adventure now.
We really, really do. I think I like it more even having like reflected on where it came from. It's
awkward adolescence. And yeah, it might be the second or third best Disney park in the country.
That's my feeling. Definitely my feeling. All right. I guess everybody go and enjoy your
Malibu Rideau and catch a good night. Catch a flave. And catch, don't forget to catch a flave.
Catch a flave. Bye. Bye.
