 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast will give you stunningly accurate life predictions.
  For instance, you will feel shame when a friend or coworker overhears you listening to a podcast  discussing obscure robots housed in boxes that are located around Disneyland.
  It's Disneyland Fortune Tellers with guest Avery Monson on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the only theme park podcast that will reveal to you whether  you are about to take a great journey or meet the love of your life.
  But we have to warn you, it's not both.
  So choose very wisely which one you want.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  Wait, did you say you get to choose which one?  But you're also going to find out?  Just be careful.
  Your decisions.
  Wait, so you were saying to be careful.
  You weren't actually saying.
  I'm saying one of those two will happen, but they both can't happen.
  Right, but didn't you say you get to choose?  Like the listener gets to choose?  The listener maybe come to a crossroads.
  Look, I was having real trouble coming up with this and I think I did an OK job doing  it in like 10 seconds.
  I'm just trying to clarify what you were saying.
  That's all.
  Maybe I'm just heard.
  I could be the asshole here.
  Choose wisely, listener.
  Something a great thing awaits you, but not both things.
  Scott Garner, how did you interpret the future?  I kind of got distracted above with the actual meaning because what I got caught on is that  it was like it was already like a pretty long thing and then it and then you ended  like so be careful which one you want.
  Like it still had a little addendum, a little under its breath.
  I really liked it.
  It could have gone on twice as long.
  You could have added a few more things like pick a pick a number also.
  Which number will it be?  That will correspond to what your fortune shall be.
  And then it could have been more things.
  One of the Sears we're about to talk about today, I did see one of their fortunes.
  They read said one of your lucky numbers is two.
  There's a bunch of them, but here's one of them.
  A lot of the cards that they give you are extremely long winded.
  Like some of these fortunes do certainly go on and on and on.
  We'll read every card that we could find that all of the we found everyone in the whatever  65 year history of the park and we're gonna read all of them.
  Do we have anyone in the audience that could make us a Jason fortune teller box with an  animatronic in it?  And then we could just have Jason riff on a bunch of these things and put them in there  as a recorded audio.
  We must have somebody in the audience.
  Obviously, there's a fortune teller maker.
  There has to be any random pool of people you're going to find a fortune teller maker.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Okay, he's not my guy, but I found a guy and then that all but before we get into that.
  You do know a guy?  He's not your guy.
  Not personally, I saw a video about a guy.
  We'll get to that.
  Sure.
  All right.
  Oh, yeah.
  I'm excited.
  Let's bring in our guest.
  You know him from HBO's High Maintenance and he's the bestselling author of the book All  My Friends Are Dead and the upcoming book I Am the Longest Dog.
  Avery Monson is here.
  Hi, Avery.
  Guys, what a pleasure to be here.
  Jason, I thought the joke was great.
  I thought it was great as a fortune and I feel like it really applied to me specifically.
  I'm really I'm happy with that as a fortune.
  OK, good.
  I appreciate that.
  I and so you are married, so hopefully that you've already met the love of your life.
  So I guess you're you're taking a long journey.
  Maybe I guess that's right.
  Yeah.
  Every day is a chance to discover new depths of love, though.
  You know what I mean?  That is true.
  You could fall.
  May said like, yeah, the love of your life is maybe just a nice piece of furniture.
  Like it could be anything.
  It doesn't have to be a human.
  It doesn't have to.
  Yeah, it could be anything, really.
  Or like woodworking woodworking now is your first love.
  I don't know.
 You you decide you decide.
  Yeah, like we've got time for lots of hobbies to be the love of our lives.
  Right.
  So lockdown is done.
  Yeah.
 So so yeah, anything is possible.
  I think we should just keep giving each other fortune.
  Like we should each tell each other's fortune as this episode goes on, maybe.
  So if you want to call, anyone can call on any other person in this Zoom  to give you a fortune, I think.
  Let's just have that rule on the table.
  That's always that's always there as a possibility.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, any time, any time doesn't matter how many times or how few times.
  Yeah, I mean, I think that's fine.
  Meddling with things, you know, powers beyond our control.
  That usually works out right.
  It's like our fortune tellers.
  Are they I guess they're tapped into some sort of dark arts.
  Yeah, for sure.
  It counts as the dark arts, for sure.
  OK, well, let's let's test it.
  Let's test playing with the dark arts today  because we have done that very far too little on this podcast, I think.
  We discussed it.
  But yeah, actually doing it is a whole other.
  Let's open the gates to hell right now and here.
  I would like, yes, like Mark opposite Marin, of course,  open the gates of hell.
  And which dark spirits are your guys, would you say?  Oh, um.
  So Cerberus, Cerberus.
  Yeah, Bielsa Bub.
  Bielsa Bub.
 Oh, oh, Bono's alter ego, Mr.
  McPhisto from the Zootv tour.
  Two Mr.
 McPhisto's for the year so far.
  How many will fit into 2021?  We'll keep a running tally.
  He's he's sort of over my shoulder in this episode,  guiding my dark, my dark thoughts.
  So, yeah, if you want to, you want to get a fortune directly from him,  ask me during this episode.
  Yeah.
 And that is our topic.
  We're talking about the Disneyland fortune telling machines, which, Avery,  this is this is one you mentioned kind of in passing as like,  oh, if we have time, we, you know, we would talk about fortune read.
  And I was like, can you tell me more about fortune?  Because this is one that I I have missed.
  I mean, I've done one of these fortune tellers, but like the  the two fortune telling machines that like tie in with the Disney  play app was like a news story at the end of 2018.
  And I just missed it entirely.
  Yeah.
 Do any of you guys regularly go to the fortune telling machines?  Never.
 No, never once.
  And I'm not sure that I've  there's certainly one of them where we're talking about three.
  There are three fortune telling machines.
  There's three and sort of a fourth.
  Oh, the the Aladdin's Aladdin's other lamp.
  Do you know about Aladdin's other lamp?  I knew about that.
  Wow.
 You're presenting things we don't know at all.
  Or at least I know.
 Yeah, this is good.
  I didn't I didn't intend that to be like a gotcha journalism.
  I didn't I didn't want to  watch your asses, guys.
  I'm going to bring up stuff you don't know about.
  Well, I should have scrambled and gone like, well, yes,  in fact, I've got my notes right here.
  Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
  Yeah.
 Aladdin's other lamp is is in a corner of  I think it's in a corner of one of the stores in Adventureland.
  It's it's just like a little lamp that's back in the  in the back of one of the gift shop stores.
  And you can put in 50 cents or whatever and smoke will come out of it  and it'll talk to you.
  It's not really an animatronic like the other ones,  but it'll it'll like give you a fortune.
  We talk to you in this now.
  In what in a voice from the movie or who does it?  Is it a genie or what is it?  It is a genie doing some sort of a Middle Eastern sounding  accent that that probably isn't good.
  So I go to these things.
  I didn't pay for them ever when I used to go.
  But now that it now that this Disney parks at what's the app called?  The Play Disney parks app.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  They they have made a function on the app where if you open up  the Fortune Red or the Esmeralda  section of the app, you can get a fortune for free.
  And not only is it a fortune, but it will it will give you  one piece of a story that other people don't get to have.
  If you just put in money on the street without the app,  you can't get these stories, I don't think.
  And they're like long, they're long stories.
  I have the cards here.
  No one else.
  No one else is doing as far as I know.
  I've looked up, you know, like pretty much anything at the Disney parks.
  If you if you Google it, someone else has done it.
  You know what I mean?  I I Googled the text of these and no one else.
  No one is doing this.
  This seems to be a lot of effort that someone has put into these  that no one is taking up except for me as far as I can find.
  Yeah, that's interesting.
  I have not seen I haven't searched for it, but I haven't seen anyone do this.
  I haven't seen fresh baked Disney doing this.
  I haven't seen any of the vloggers.
  That's interesting.
 You're the only you should be vlogging about it, honestly.
  I should start.
 Yeah, yeah, you should.
  You should.
 Yeah.
 Show us the journey here.
  Can I this is fascinating.
  Can I back you way up?  Because also when this all started getting talked about as a topic,  that there is app interactivity in your phone with the fortune telling machines.
  I guess I knew that there were a few of those in the park.
  I definitely knew about Esmeralda, who's in the Penny Arcade on Main Street.
  But when an email about you coming on came in,  this is the first that I had ever seen the phrase Fortune Red.
  I was that's how backwards I am on all this.
  I don't I didn't know Fortune Red at all.
  I do.
 I'm Mike Jason.
  Am I crazy to not know about Fortune Red?  Where does that fall in obscurity?  You didn't know either.
 No.
 OK.
  Well, again, you really found an area here.
  I remember walking by him.
  I I think maybe let's start with  the the one who is not tied into the app,  because this one I do know and I have done before.
  And I'm talking about shrunken dead.
  Shrunk in the shrunken head in a machine, a fortune telling machine  in Adventureland, it used to be in the Bazaar shop at Adventureland,  and now it's kind of moved over to the extended seating for the.
  Oh, Mike, what is it called?  The kebab place, the bank, the bank.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 So it's in there and it it spits out cards that like have him on it.
  It's he he is like a British.
  Sorry, I have his full name here, Colonel Nedley Lostmore.
  He is a British explorer who  at some point along the lines got his got became a shrunken head.
  And he he's very sassy.
 Yes.
  And he talks to you.
  He talks and spits out.
  He's sassy to you with his voice.
  The other two don't talk really.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 You may be in the best show with this one.
  I would think of the three shrunken.
  Yes.
 In my opinion is the best of the three.
  If if you can look past the sort of like  colonialist, I mean, this is like a this is a British man  whose head has been cut off by somebody  that makes makes you feel not not great about it, maybe.
 Right.
  Yeah, I was I was going to bring that out of like, how do we think  Disneyland shrunken heads are long for this world?  I mean, this one appears to be a colonizer who got some comeuppance.
  So you might be OK.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 So so that yeah, I guess we can feel OK about that.
  But he is he's by far the funniest out of all of them.
  He's got he's got like fortunes.
  One of the fortunes that I saw is just  it's like a prescription and the card is totally unintelligible.
  It's like in in handwriting and you can't read any of it  because it's like a doctor's prescription.
  You know, yeah, that's like a pretty good joke for a for a fortune telling.
  Little booth, right? Yeah, yeah, sure.
  I think they're all very OK.
  I was going to say he's like very like Adventurers Club ask.
 Yeah.
  He's got that vibe, that era of Disney.
  I do.
 Do we have a date actually when he was put in?  Couldn't find it.
  I don't know exactly when he was put in, but there is a Disney  Parks blog post from 2014 where they made a little video showing people like,  you know, getting their fortune,  him talking to them and reading the cards and that sort of thing.
  So they were plugging it up to a few years ago.
  I think he maybe came in.
  Yeah, I think the earliest he was was the the 90s  Indiana Jones of vacation of Adventureland,  like when it all sort of got a more coherently 1930s  theme and he's kind of a 30s guy.
  So that's the old.
  Yeah, he this is not some Walt era remnant.
  And he is in fact voiced by an imagineer of the era Eddie Soto.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Paris, Disneyland, Paris.
  OK, yeah, yeah.
  There's a lot of interesting interviews with him on season pass.
  I feel I think, yeah, season pass and other places.
  He's got a lot of like Baxter era stories and  I think was, yeah, worked under Tony a lot.
  Right.
 Yeah, that's fine.
  It's a fun voice.
 It's sort of in that like  I mean, it's I was going to say like Peter O'Toole.
  It's not exactly that, but sort of that's like  a toy to a toy.
  Yes, it's that generally.
  Oh, Rumpfi, my boy.
  Good show.
 He says patronize you.
  Thank you for patronizing.
  And he is what's his little like catchphrase that he's the the jungle's  only self-service witch doctor.
  It's all it's all like fun little world building.
  It's like a good example of like I like all this stuff  they're doing to make adventure land a world  that keeps extending beyond the Jungle Cruise, where Jungle Cruise is kind of the base.
  But then there's you Trader Sam's extends it and this extends it.
  And it all ties into the sea, the society of explorers and adventurers.
  And I don't know this whole whatever they're doing, this like  continual adventure land expansion is, I think, real neat.
  I think they're all doing a good job with it.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, it seems fun.
  Like it seems like a fun, creative thing to like add to it.
  Well, it seems like they're going to I mean, when they redo the Jungle Cruise  that they've announced, I think I think it's, you know, time to take out  some of those weird, you know, data.
  The anachronism is like and you can still keep it interesting and and, you know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Luckily, I don't think there's been a ton of like people  like so mad about the Jungle Cruise changes.
  I mean, I think all the changes they've made like make a lot of sense in general.
  But this one, especially, I feel like most people are like, yeah, yeah, of course.
  Make the changes.
  I think it's too obscure to be mad about.
  Like, like there's something like there was something  that and forgive the pun, but there's something splashy about Splash Mountain,  but the Splash Mountain is people know that name and everybody  like geared up that day to go like, you're going to take my thing out and change it.
  But the like this story ultimately is like they are going to add  probably cool new scenes that take out problematic elements of a ride.
  Like it's all like somebody's got to like really read the fine prints  to know what they're supposed to be mad about the story.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't.
 It's just like I don't.
  Effort.
 It's to be mad, maybe.
  Where you're like, all right, I got to figure out that there's bad  native representation and there's one scene here and it's being replaced by skippers.
  And too much.
 Yeah.
  Go back to something else.
  I can't.
 I usually I would say I would love to meet blank.
  I do not want to meet the person who's like, you got to leave the porters  being menaced by the tiger.
  You got to leave those porters there.
  Yeah.
 I mean, for you to for you to raise this, think about that.
  You have to be openly racist, I think.
 Right.
  I think so.
  Also a big theme park fan like Bully, you have to have like encyclopedic  theme park knowledge, which is good and racism, which is bad.
  Yeah, there's a Vanda.
  I mean, there's a Venn diagram for sure there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Go to Etsy.
  Search thin blue line, Mickey.
  You'll find it.
  You'll find it in mere seconds.
  You will find that immediately.
  Shrunk in Ned, since we're talking about world building,  Shung and Ned has other appearances.
  He is the namesake of the  the the jungle, the little boats you drive around  at the Magic Kingdom by the jungle cruise.
  I don't know if they're still there.
  These little motorboats are called Shunk and Ned's Junior Junior Jungle boats.
  And do they have another version of the of the Shrunk and Ned  fortune teller in Magic Kingdom or or is it is it just lending the name over there?  I think it's just lending the name.
  There's a small nod to Shunk and Ned at the skipper canteen  and at the Trader Sam's Grog grotto at the Polynesian.
  The weirdest thing I found out about him and I didn't know these.
  There's books called Tales from Adventureland.
  Yeah, I got into this.
  I went down a little rabbit hole with this one, too.
  But tell us about it, Jason.
  So a tale of adventureland is about Ned's grandson,  I believe.
  And so this character that you the listener  might be finding out about for the first time right now,  there is all extended universe mythology about his grandson.
  What's so it's modern day, then?  I think it's in the kind of.
  Oh, wait.
 Yeah, you're right.
  He was old enough in the 30s to have a.
  You're right.
 You're right.
  It's about the grandson being old now today, but it doesn't sound like it is.
  Right now.
 Yeah.
  And so here's the here that like the last names.
  This is not perfect one to one, because in in the books,  Ned is in a group called the Jungle Explorers Society, which is very like  they didn't have the sea thing, I think, worked out or they didn't agree  to put it in the book.
  And so he is also it.
  This part, I don't know, is a little sus.
  He was ambushed by a witch doctor slash assassin named Bungalow Bob.
  Yeah, I see that doesn't make you feel too good.
  Yeah, that what it feels.
  It's kind of a little rip off.
  Also, that's that's another issue with it.
  Yeah, really? That's a bill.
  Yeah, the Venn diagram of Beatles fans who are racist  and also care about deep cuts in the in the Disney parks.
  That that exists, adding more and more circles.
  Just adding more and more.
  They know they're there.
  OK, so the grandstand and least Andy Stanley at some point has to  go retrieve a hidden key from the Enchanted Tiki room.
  Oh, of course.
 Yeah, the hidden key.
  Sure.
 They talk about keys in the Tiki room or is that just that's something else?  They added that.
  That is well, the first book is called The Key Masters Quest in this series.
  The the the big notable thing in this book is that there is a robot  butler named Bolton House, and it is clearly a nod to the robot  butler from Horizons.
  And then at some point in the book series,  shrunken dead starts using the robot butler body as a mechanical like as a  robot body.
  I like that.
 Great.
 That's fine.
  Yeah, I like that a lot, honestly.
  How many of these books exist?  I I am not sure.
  Avery, you said you looked into it.
  I didn't I didn't see how many I didn't see how many books there were.
  I went down a little rabbit hole looking up the the author of of this book,  who apparently has like a collective of some other guys  that all make steampunk guns together.
  OK, makes I feel like that makes sense, right?  Little like little blasters and things.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, yeah.
  They like sell them on an Etsy site or something.
  OK, they have to be expensive, right?  Yeah, I think I think they're pretty expensive.
  Yeah, more expensive than if you were to go to an Etsy store  with about four thin blue line Mickey stuff, which I did  since Jason brought it up.
  Can be relative.
 I've been staring at it and staring at me.
  Yeah, it's only eight fifty for a  wristband or something that you wear that on one side  is a lot of Mickey's with police helmets and then minis with a bow  and then an American flag pattern with the thin blue line.
  And then on the other side, it says, watch out, boys.
  My daddy is a police officer.
  She's Louise.
  That's intense.
  Even if you have to.
  And then you rotate it a little bit more.
  And it's the and it's the lyrics to Lovely Rita Beaner made  more.
 You got to get those Beetle fans more unlicensed  Beetle stuff.
 Yeah.
  That's the Venn diagram.
  The Venn diagram is a Mickey head.
  He's three circles.
  And oh, yeah.
  Um, they should make I mean, they should make these books into movies, right?  People, the public would want to see these adventures  to take place around the Disneyland's, right? Right.
  The extended universe of the machines.
  Yeah.
 So there's three.
  OK, there's three of these books.
  There's three of these books.
  I don't know how many books are in the king.
  I feel like there's a lot more Kingdom Keeper books,  which I have not read, and I feel like I have to.
  So I think I think I found the rabbit hole that I had gone down.
  I looked up the author Jason Lethko of this novel.
  And in his bio on Penguin, Penguin Random House,  he just as like a throwaway line.
  He says he is a part of a mysterious society of adventures  called the Brotherhood of Thaumaturgic Cartographers.
  And then I Google that and that's that's how I found all the steampunk stuff.
  Thaumaturgic, is that the word you said?  Thaumaturgic.
 Yeah.
  T-H-A-U-M-A-T-U-R-G-I-C.
  Wow.
 I've never heard that word.
  Is that a real word or did they make it up?  It's possible they made it up.
  I'm looking it up now as Thaumaturgic,  having brought about or relating to supernatural powers or magic.
  Huh? Well, I got to use that a lot more.
  Dropping on the conversation.
 Yes.
  Everyone will be impressed.
  Oh, go ahead.
  Can I ask for a fortune from Scott real quick?  Oh, God.
  How do these how do these work?  What is a all right?  A an old friend will seek  your companionship, but beware  of his non virtuous intentions.
  And he's got a knife.
 Look out.
  Oh, wow.
 And it's getting.
  I feel really got you with that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  He really got.
 Yeah.
  A friend of mine is going to try to kill me with a knife.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But you think he's just seeking.
  I already don't remember the beginning of it, but you think he's just seeking.
  Well, you were channeling.
  You don't even it wasn't even really a conscious thing.
  You were channeling the dark, the dark spirit.
  No, that's what happens any time you.
  That's why I delayed for a second and seemed upset to have to say a fortune.
  I was propelling my brain into the spiritual realm.
  You were being very thumb.
  The third year.
  It was a pretty thumb.
 It's a virgical moment.
 Yes.
  So, yeah.
 Hey, feel free any time, obviously.
  Many times you want to hit me up for fortunes.
  Yeah, no, we all should be doing this more.
  Yeah.
 For reminding us of this gun that can go off in this episode.
  Yes.
 Much like a steam powered revolver.
  This could go off at any moment.
  And that is both a good and bad thing.
  Can I say Steampunk Blaster?  Yeah.
  Well, there's this question in general, as we're talking about the fortune  tellers available at Disneyland.
  If any every any of your fascination with this,  did it come from this hearing about this odd thing about the  about the app interactivity or is this is this a an outgrowth of like  you are detail oriented at the parks and want to find like  the odd little off the beaten path experiences there.
  Yeah, yeah.
 So, I mean, I was thinking about this.
  I was trying to like put my finger on exactly what drew me to these things.
  I think it's a couple of things.
  I think that.
  Part of it maybe was seeing the movie big a bunch as a kid,  where the the fortune teller, the Zoltar machine played a pretty big role, right?  I think part of it was Jason,  have you ever been to the the Musee Mécanique in San Francisco?  I have I have that written down.
  I have been to the Musee Mécanique.
  OK, so so I grew up in the Bay Area and before  the Musee Mécanique, which is which is for people that don't know,  it's this it's this sort of warehouse full of these old  old fortune tellers and and little  like dioramas, moving dioramas and things like that.
  Jason, how would you describe that place?  Yeah, it's like it's like the Penny Arcade at Disneyland, but much larger.
  And you know, with one guy's like everything's kind of kind of right.
  Yeah, but a lot of it, you're shocked that it's like, oh, I put a quarter in  and it works like it does work.
  I mean, I feel like I see the Musee Mécanique  mentioned a lot with is it laughing Sal?  I forget.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's like an eight foot tall woman, just a terrifying woman.
  Just a terrifying half puppet, half animatronic thing.
  And you just pay it and it laughs and it's scary.
  Like it scares children.
  The dogs like laughing.
  What you get, that's the point of it.
  That's what you get.
 Yeah.
  It's like the equivalent of like the movie with the train coming right at you.
  Or like, oh, yeah.
  Do you not know what laughing Sal looks like? No.
  Oh, yeah, Scott.
  This actually might be this might be right up your alley.
  This might be your new thing.
  Well, laughing Sal, yeah, this this might be a version of what this is.
  I've maybe talked about this before,  but I think there was one of these up on the top of the entrance to this ride  that I'm very fond of, the scary dark ride, which was in in Newport  in the fun zone or on Balboa Island in Orange County.
  There used to be one of these like teetering up and down.
  It looks like maybe on the Santa Cruz.
  Yes, and walk at some point.
  So, yeah, I know this face now.
  Yeah, I dealt with my fear of this face already in my childhood,  so I'm not having to experience it new right now.
  Oh, OK.
 So you're used to laughing, Sal, and you're not scared of her  like you are maybe Chucko or the other clown I'm blanking on its name.
  Yeah, the one from the cereal boxes that we found that was replaced by that.
  That bear Golden Crisp.
  How I said it was similar is a chunk of Chris Bo wasn't Chris Bo.
  There's so many.
  I mean, there is there is definitely a clown named Chris Bo somewhere, though.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's that's pretty much waiting to be a clown name.
  Yes.
 Yeah, it's I see a picture of him here.
  Yeah, I pulled up sugar's Max clown  12 forgotten cereal.
  People are yelling at us right now.
  I was close, though, I think it's it's close.
  A lot of clowns are yelling at you right now.
  No, no, no.
  Don't say that.
 We apologize.
  Anyway, talk amongst yourselves while I try to.
  So so when I so when I was in high school, I went to the Museum  Mechanique a couple of times, and it actually the place that it's in right now,  which is on Fisherman's Wharf, before it was there, it was in this old place  called the Cliff House, which is like way far out.
  It like on the end of San Francisco, on the on the beach  in this old building that was kind of falling apart.
  And so it made it like way creepier, way, way more like  like kind of grimy and fucked up, which to like to me was way better.
  And so and eventually, like sometime in my high school, the building  needed like structural maintenance or they or they like lost their lease  or something, and then they had to find a better place for it.
  But so that that sort of like old timey  like turn of the century, like nickel machines  thing sort of occupied a weird space in my brain.
  Also, a lot of them are like like a little diorama where you'll  you'll put in a nickel and you'll see like an opium den.
  Do you know what I mean? It's like it or I've seen the opium den.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Or like you'll see like a man get hanged.
  And and it's like it's like the the drunkard's revenge or so.
  Do you know what I mean? It's like it's like some weird little morality tale.
  Like bizarrely harsh and like like a real not just a remnant of the time  and that you're like looking at a thing that was made closer to the turn of the century,  but also remnant of the time and that it's like dark and clearly  from a time where people like just kill each other and cold blood  and it was just like a grime here era.
  Like this is what you do for fun is think about opium dens and and what  hanging someone for being drunk.
  What's what I wonder what's the issue in that one?  It's like the old timey like cartoon all stars to the rescue.
  That's the only way they could scare you about things is like  you have to go up to a box and pay money to be scared into not doing something wrong.
  Because high schoolers could not resist the siren call of opium.
  So you got to take them to the scary box to scare them straight.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Cliffy, Cliffy, Cliffy, Cliffy.
  Oh, it was pretty close, I think.
  It was close.
 Cliffy the clown.
 Anyway.
  So that that was like in my head.
  And the other thing that I think was that I like as a kid, I was super into magic.
  And there's like a pretty big overlap in the history of magic  with like robots and automatons and things like that.
  Like back in the guy's name is Jean Jean Jean Eugene Robert Houdin.
  The guy that Houdini got his name from basically was was like a watchmaker  and a tinker and a big part of his magic was these like robots and things.
  Right.
 So around the turn of the century, they had these these robots were  sort of a big part of of magic.
  And I was super into it as a kid.
  So they had this there was one that was like a Turk that would play chess with people.
  Have you seen this? It's like a it's like a big box with a with a robot Turk on top.
  And he would play chess.
 And then eventually they found out that actually it wasn't a robot.
  It was a guy inside the box operating the thing as a puppet.
  But they like lied to everybody and said that it was a it was a robot.
  But there's a ton of stuff like that.
  That's that's the real that's the real secrets of magic.
  They either made an insane contraption.
  There is a guy inside it or it's a twin.
  Those are the usual explanation or a mirror that that's.
  Yeah.
 On magician secrets revealed on all those specials.
  It's always just those three answers.
  The answer is, yeah, this one's a twin thing.
  Well, it's got a commercial early because it's twins.
  Avery, are you Magic Castle?  Like have you been to Magic Castle multiple times?  I have been to the Magic Castle a couple of times.
  I also there was this TV special that I watched a bunch as a kid.
  That was Mark Summers magical mystery tour that took place in the in the Magic Castle.
  That was Mark Summers from from Double Dare having some hijinks in the Magic Castle after hours.
  Yeah.
 And I saw that a bunch of times before I ever moved to L.
A.
  And never got to see it.
  It's like when I finally got to the Magic Castle, I like knew my way around because of just seeing this special a bunch as a kid.
  Oh, it like shows you the geography and all the like special details.
  I mean, I just would recognize rooms.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 It's a cool special.
  It is like a really like genuinely creepy.
  And I feel like an like a cool use of his power at the time.
  Like Nickelodeon owed him.
  So he did a cool thing about the magic place that he loves.
  Like I feel like he'd be like that's a cool vanity projects to have done on Mark Summers part.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We haven't talked.
 I mean, we haven't talked a lot.
  We've talked a little about Magic Castle.
  I mean, it feels like we probably owe it more discussion down the road.
  But I know they're going through some troubles of their own.
  They're going through some tough times.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But also, you can vote there.
 They helped get the vote out.
  So that's true.
 You can vote there.
 Yeah.
  And I did I did audio and visual for Bing Crosby's wife's musical performance in the basement at the musical.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's where that was.
  Yep.
 That's where it was.
  This is the first podcast mention of your time working for.
  I don't think I even knew the relation until now.
  It was Bing Crosby's wife.
  Yes, I think this is odd that this hasn't come up on the show.
  And I will talk about this at length a different time.
  Yes, I worked for Bing Crosby's wife, Catherine, in some capacity doing like PowerPoint while she would sing songs and wait PowerPoints, though.
  Yeah, I would like was like showing like the bullets of what she's singing about trees, birds, lovely days, just swooping in, spiraling in.
  Yes, there would be pictures of the two of them.
  There would be pictures of the children, perhaps.
  And then there would be video.
  She would play a video of her as a young lady singing with Bing from an old show, and I would be responsible for hitting space bar.
  But that's a whole cabaret act.
  It's a cabaret show.
  If Mrs.
 Crosby tries to get back into your life, watch out for a knife, man.
  Oh, yeah.
  Whoa, you're right.
  Yep.
  If three days from now you get a call, you need somebody to press the space bar again.
  That would be the craziest way I could die.
  Your first job comes back to haunt you.
  Well, when we do more Magic Castle, I'll tell more about that story.
  I will recommend I don't know how many tickets are left, but the Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles has been doing a run of different shows called the Geffen Stayhouse.
  And I saw a magic show from the comfort of, you know, home on my laptop called the future.
  This this sleight of hand close up magic guy, Helder Guimaris, I believe is how you say the name.
  And it was awesome.
  They send you a tube out of time.
  They send you a mysterious box you were not allowed to open.
  Whoa.
  And you participate in the tricks like there was a thing that I did that I couldn't I have no idea how he did.
  I there was one or two where I was like, I think I see it's very good.
  It's a little pricey, but it's very good.
  And directed by Mr.
 Frank Marshall, the producer of Jurassic Park.
  Right.
  Friends with Jimmy Buffett.
  Yeah, there you go.
  Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  Yeah, best friend.
  Yeah.
  So that's the reason to support it.
  Jason, bad news.
  I got a fortune for you.
  A seemingly innocuous tube in your home may be soon soon involved in your demise.
  Oh, OK.
  Well, I'm not allowed to talk about what was in the tube or what I was supposed to do with the tube, but I do recommend it to people.
  It's a little pricey, but you get a tube that will apparently kill me.
  Only Jason.
  Everybody else is fine.
  If anybody else wants to find.
  OK.
  So far, so scary.
  Yeah.
  So far, two for two on the fortunes ending in death.
  They're all.
  That's how they work.
  Great.
  Hey, could you give Jason a fortune real quick?  Jay, Jay, the the the spirits, the spirits are reaching out to to tell you don't go outside.
  Wow.
  Another OK.
  Great.
  That is not because difficult.
  More because of because of an old friend is approaching also with a knife.
  What?  OK.
  Well, now hold on a sec.
  This seems like I'm going to run into Mike and we're just going to both go for each other because of these warnings.
  Yeah, it's driving you both mad.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You're assuming it's the other.
  Well, so maybe Jason, maybe there's a knife in that tube.
  Scott was talking about Jason's going to go for it and it'll slip out of his hands and he'll stab himself.
  Yeah, it's kind of the gift of the Magi, but with two friends stabbing each other.
  I should not have called for fortunes.
  Now, you know, they all think the big mistake on my part.
  That's where they could tell the Disney 9 ones don't.
  The Disney 9 ones are pleasant, mostly, although Strunk and Ned refers to, you know, diseases that don't exist and cures that wouldn't fix them.
  Right.
  So they have to be positive.
  Do we know like it is any?  I mean, I'm sure this is not well documented, but it would be interesting because I would imagine when does when is the oldest one?  When is the first? Is that there from day one?  The Esmeralda.
  The Esmeralda.
  Some version of that was there in day one.
  Like those probably she at that point, she probably gave out warnings about knives.
  Like that then they didn't care as much.
  Probably found an old Esmeralda.
  It's not terribly.
  This is from the 60s.
  There's well, let's see.
  Worry over danger for a loved one has been your lot.
  This will pass.
  OK, so that's actually a nice thing.
  I think the reason I pulled it was saying you may have some marital trouble, but a true friend will help straighten it out.
  Sounds like someone is going to die.
  Or get big beat up.
  I don't know.
  Straighten it out.
  Yes, sir.
  That doesn't necessarily mean that the marital trouble is over and the marriage continues that mean that could mean, well, the marriage is not your problem anymore.
  Right.
  Your friend is going to throw your wife off a cliff or something like crazy.
  Like, who knows what that's getting at.
  A lot of them imply there is like marital stuff in a lot of these cards from what I could tell.
  And I did see some story.
  Was this also an Esmeralda?  The maybe it was a net.
  I don't know.
  I think I remember when I was in the  scenes told a couple said something about you like that you will find a new love like you're you've experienced marital trouble, but you'll find a new love.
  This is given to a husband and wife or like, no, thanks.
  We're good.
  That is a perfect illustration of what I was saying.
  We're like, that's not flying in a Disney park in this day and age.
  Don't quote me on that.
  I don't remember the source.
  That's funny.
  That's funny as hell.
  I think that's great.
  That is great.
  That's like not something Bob Chick comes across Bob JPEG desk.
  Really.
  That's what that is then.
  Because it's like that was presented to the higher ups like, you know what cards were giving out?  They would definitely be like, oh, that's no, it's just got to be.
  They have to be turned into ads for our new movies.
  Like that's what it would be going forward.
  That's just probably snuck by because it's such a low.
  These are such low key things that people like you may you may experience a fun and  enlivening time when you stream soul on Disney Plus this weekend.
  The Mighty Ducks are back.
  An old friend may return.
  The initials are GV Gordon Bombay perhaps.
  Yeah.
  We really think this out there because it's going to happen.
  I think what appeals one of the appeals to me about these things is like, especially when I first started going to Disneyland, I realized like how much off the beaten track stuff there was like stuff not on the map or stuff that everyone doesn't tell you that.
  So finding like a fortune telling machine where you get it spits out the card that you get to keep or finding like a little room where you can queue off in a factor something.
  You know, what's always one of these is the there's that is anybody ever done in it's in a Frontierland shop.
  It's kind of on the other side of where Shrunken Ned would be there like way in the back of the store.
  This some weird like kind of glockenspiely machine you put a core into and then it does a big like clangy one man band kind of song.
  I would never.
  I don't know the actual name of the instrument, but does this sound familiar at all the weird like Frontierland old timey flap traction that plays your song?  100% I've done that.
  Yeah, I think I've done that.
  That's neat.
  I want I want way more of this kind of thing in the park.
  It's like like there is do you guys know about the the the singing lesson on Main Street?  No, no.
  So if you go down Main Street and go off one of the one of the little sort of side roads that doesn't doesn't go very far.
  If you go one of the windows says singing lessons and if you go to it and listen you can hear they have a speaker playing the whole time like somebody giving a singing lesson in in in inside the little singing lesson store and I feel like that cut like they should have stuff like that going all the time like what is stopping them from putting a little speaker in different places and having little like things that you can stop by and listen to you know what I mean?  Yeah, they have I'm trying to think of other versions.
  They have like the phone at the market house of Starbucks.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  And there's like is there a telegraph running in there too like a telegraph machine?  Yeah, I mean this stuff is all so fun and also is so for annual pass holders who just want to wander and it's like just give us more stuff to I guess I guess it's like anything when you get way into something and you want like  we want like little things only we know about right is it is that kind of isn't if I'm psychologically analyzing us that you're saying you can take a new person and then show like you know not just not everybody might know this one and either they think that's cool or that you're a major Jweeb.
  Yeah, I mean I guess it really obviously it fills it out it fills it out in such a fun rich way and I also think like you even if you don't notice it you notice like you with details wise you even if you don't notice it you notice it if you're hanging out in an area and they have a bunch of like kind of soundscape II kind of things that is actually making it better and you might not even be aware of why.
  Well let me say that you know for a new thing in the park for a big ambitious new thing I galaxy's edge is full of this kind of thing little like soundscape designs here's this little show I haven't done a ton of the app interactivity and if people were disappointed by that maybe on the whole but there there still is a lot to do in that regard like for you think that they would like and then there's you know obviously like a lot of things they cut with the axis edge but like that kind of thing.
  I don't know I do like that they they didn't ignore that and it's something being built from the ground up in twenty nineteen was so detail oriented.
  The radio station in the bathroom.
  Is really neat.
  I mean there's so much stuff in there like there's so much on that loop I feel like that I haven't even heard.
  Yeah the the experiences were like I I know especially if you go to galaxy's edge with little kids where like if you find Ray where she's wandering around like convinces people to slakes you have follow me sneak sneak through things and trick storm troopers like those those little things fill stuff that stuff.
  That's the best I mean that's the best stuff in there I mean I don't know that sounds like a land designer anything else down but that's yeah that stuff is little secret things like did you know if you like bring your child Ray will hang out with them and go on a mission with them.
  Yeah that's they don't put that on the I mean they say look out for Ray I'm sure on the app but they don't say like Ray will crouch and pretend you're hiding from Kylo Ren which is awesome.
  I think I got mad dogged by Chewie like Chewie mad dogged me.
  Well then I was like I'm sorry Chewie and then like going.
  The greatest thing to were you with me Jason were we together when I was getting a Ronto rap at like the end of the night Chewie runs up to the counter smacks his like paws on the desk and then a guy goes hey Chewie can I have a picture and he goes and he runs away.
  I was like that is awesome Chewie just told this adult no for a photo like you may have just run into a cast member who was having a bad day.
  Hey we have the Chewie suit on and it worked for me.
  He they used it method.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Little stuff.
  Yeah yeah yeah have you guys like activated the ships and stuff in.
  Galaxy's Edge.
  Galaxy's Edge.
  Yes.
  Yeah through the through the app if you do like little puzzles and stuff you can you can make the ships turn on which I guess is actually really cool.
  Yeah and then there's also like I'm trying to think I was in that like opening day crush a couple times last year you know where like they hold you at the line and you wait and there's those like transmitters on the poles to you can like turn on and like make them like short out.
  Oh.
  And that's all very fun and especially if I was a I was a kid because that's all as a kid you would have you wouldn't have an app but like there would be interactivity on things and I feel like they would kind of fall short but if I was a kid and I could hit the button and like a big thing would like light up I would blow my mind.
  Yeah.
  I think my greatestism was.
  Oh sorry I tried to do this stuff at Galaxy's Edge.
  And I tried to download the play Disney parks app when I was in park on the Wi Fi and it was oh it's over 600 megabytes.
  This is not this is not happening on Disney Wi Fi.
  So I think I think people have complained like it local storage and then like a data usage with the app it it where it was crashing a lot when they first launched it.
  So yeah it was definitely a thing like on my phone.
  It was definitely a thing like on my mental to do list of like oh fiddle around with this more at the park.
  The complaint I think the only complaints people were having was the way they hyped it up beforehand and then the stuff that was cut.
  It made it sound like it was going to be just full immersive everywhere every clerk spoke but to or whatever the language is.
  Yes.
  And like and you know of course you would be people would be constantly coming up to you talking about your Millennium Falcon performance and it's like that didn't really they didn't really do that.
  Yeah.
  And I think that's but the way I mean the but if you didn't have that expectation and you just played with the stuff on the app you go that's cool.
  That's very cool.
  So you want how would you feel if you were in the in Ogas Cantina and you walked in and then Rex cut the music and told everybody to be quiet and pointed you out like this guy is the guy who crashed the dang Falcon.
  Yeah, that would be awesome.
  That would be so good.
  Yeah, if he and anything and anything like you bought a milk or something like you bought a milk in your app register I mean this is all scary because your app is just tracking you but it's also awesome because a robot could call you out for what you just bought or something like anything like that.
  We want the robots to roast us.
  That's not that's the height of all this.
  Well potato head does a version of it a Toy Story Midway mania.
  But we asked more robots roasting like like Rex.
  Yeah, Rex could just list like the last four digits of your credit card numbers you come into.
  0941 I know security code security code vehicle identification number 34X1.
  Like all of that we want as much of that as possible.
  Yeah, she just came up to me and told me I had bad credit.
  She did hug me once like the crowd part it and she was there and he reached out and gave me a big hug so that was nice.
  Yeah, that's great addition to his threatening mad dogging.
  Yeah, please.
  Hard to get.
  Yeah, I was gonna ask Gary that you know like some of us talking about this, this, the, the first time machines is the, the, the app interactivity.
  Yeah, are you interested in this in general or have you like it was that you're in for this stuff that we're talking about or have you done other other other things on this app that that we may not be aware of.
  I mean I have spent.
  I at one point spent an entire day just in galaxies edge just messing around with the app.
  And it's not the app is not great but it is kind of fun to collect those little badges and things.
  I think maybe part of this is that I as a child was not allowed to play video games I never had any video games.
  And even now I don't, I don't really do it.
  And so even the just the hint of something that's kind of a video game, it gets it gets that gets the dopamine or whatever it is firing right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's fun to collect those little badges.
  Yes, you are a tinker naturally though you've done a lot.
 You've made a lot of videos with like practical effects stuff.
  Yeah, I like I like messing around with stuff.
 I mean, I think here's the thing.
 I think that Disneyland is this is this cool constructed world right it's like this constructed fantasy world.
  And when you're a kid and you go there.
  It's like every there's like a there's magic and and new things to find around every corner right and I think with a lot of this.
  I'm, I want to capture some of that back like I want to I want that that feeling of maybe if I maybe if I like I'm walking around here something is hidden, you know, and I sometimes with the app at its best.
  And then you can get when the Wi Fi is good enough, you can get a little bit of that right because like like fortune read is you would not be able to find it.
  But like most people it's hidden down an alleyway you it's actually in a in a very inopportune place you you have to sort of like it's it's down an alley where people are often getting doing a meet and greet with Jack Skellington.
  And so there's like you kind of have to like stand there and cut kids in line to go it looks like you're cutting off kids who are going to go talk to just counting but then you just go and do this little fortune teller but I guess I just want more more little things like that you know.
  Yeah, yeah, I mean the discovery.
 I think that's, I'm sure probably we all have that that this is the annual pet luckily.
 I think people have heard this news, supposedly when the park opens back up there will be some kind of annual pass program again so sure we won't have to pay $150 each time we go.
  But I think this is yeah what you're saying is like having the privilege of living out here and having an annual pass is what you're talking about because it's like you start to go, you start to figure out all the little hidden stuff and it makes it feels makes the place feel so much cooler.
  And then you're kind of almost on a hunt for it.
 It's like when I didn't even go to the steakhouse 55 bar until I was out here for like six or seven years and you get to that little but you're like this is a nice little hotel bar and it's like that's not as cool as like a fortune teller machine.
  But there is like I don't know I might argue with you there.
  All right, fair enough.
  But even like weird stuff yeah the Disneyland Hotel they have the utopia car in there and that's like stuff out of the way.
  Like you go like makes it does feel like you're exploring this like thing that almost feels like it's in has unlimited hidden thing.
  Yeah, well, and I think the nice thing it's because it's so big.
  If you if you pack a lot of these hidden things like let's say you have family visiting for a weekend or something you're only there for a day maybe two.
  But if there's enough hidden things, and they stumble across one or two things like that produces delight like that's I think the big thing that we're always like trying to get back to is is in these parks is like finding little moments of delight, especially if you.
  I try not to be cynical about these places and I do enjoy these places but like every now and then they fall short of expectations but like little things like this where you you are reminded of the attention to detail really make them sing part of what I think is so interesting about these parks is that they operate.
  It's it's like two very different things it's on one hand it's like this disgusting commercialism right it's like very clearly just trying to make your money and take your money away from you know and then on the other hand it's it's like.
  Art and idealism and and like hope and trying to find whimsy and magic in places where you wouldn't expect it right because if they if they're like hidden things down alleys in Disneyland maybe there are hidden things down alleys in the rest of the world right and I think that's that's kind of what you're trying to capture.
  Yeah yeah like a magic magic is everywhere it is interesting you're saying that because yeah obviously everything is just money as much money as possible it is funny because I think if almost if Disney if this thing like Walt Disney didn't start theme parks but Disney existed and they started them right now.
  They wouldn't have magic in them they might have very cool expensive rides and it might be very fun to go but I feel like because of the precedent that was set early on of like detail now all the imagineers who were raised on all of this detail push for it and we still get like an extra little like fortune teller machine here and there are narratives and I think if it was just created in the last 10 years it would just be.
  Big movie rides and I wouldn't look like a six flags but it wouldn't be nearly as like it wouldn't have nearly as many hidden things and like as much detail and stuff.
  Yeah I think I think like I think that's right and I think the little things I mean sometimes you can with these fortune telling machines for example you can dig back in the past and like oh well you don't see these every maybe still see these.
  These sorts of machines are still you know common at boardwalks and fairs and carnivals and that sort of thing but like they still produce the light there's still plenty of videos on YouTube of people going to these machines and doing them and reading the cards and all I think the first the first one I could find was like back in the 1900s but there is a video on YouTube.
  Of a channel called great big story and they interview all off Stan the head of characters unlimited that and they build every Zoltar machine by hand in Boulder City Nevada.
  Wow.
  Like so you can still order these things and they make them by hand and one thing they pointed out is Olaf cast his own teeth for the Zoltar that is the owner's teeth.
  On each feature.
  Yeah Zoltar has Olaf's teeth.
  Each Zoltar.
 Yes, I don't know if Zoltar is copyrighted though because I found another company selling Zoltar machines.
  Was it an interview with him? Did his voice sound like this or anything?  It doesn't sound like that he's just a guy like he's just like a nice normal guy and they write they did they make the cards they make the fortune telling cards too he was like boxing up like tons of packs of cards.
  It's like really the fortune teller machine for me it's like it's everything we like about a themed entertainment it's a robot there's an interactive element to it it's there's an intimacy with it the fortune teller doesn't say they're proud of me but it's like it's something it's something in the way where they're addressing me.
  Intimacy is weird.
  You fall into these turns of phrase.
  I know what he means.
  Every other episode.
  Intimacy.
 I want to have intimacy with Zoltar and with Fortune Red.
  I said that Olaf seduces me on the Frozen ride.
  Olaf seduces me and I want to have intimacy with him and with Olaf whether it's Olaf the snowman or Olaf with the teeth.
  Look I am not I am not say after Europe I stopped being sexual in any way again so I'm just using intimacy and sexual and seductive non sexually.
  This is an intimate art form podcasting is an art form.
  Why do you need to say that though.
  You are intimate.
  You're a purveyor of intimate goods Scott Garrett.
  We are purveying intimate goods Scott deal with it.
  All right.
  Just like well now you'll do it but I was going to say just leave the word boy out of there.
  Don't say I'm an intimate good purveyor boy.
  That weird shit people do.
  I'm a little intimate purveyor boy.
  Hey you said it not us.
  Ah damn it.
  I said the clean phrase.
  We tricked you with dark arts into saying it.
  All right let's bring it back.
  Let's bring back on topic.
  You're a little fortune collecting boy.
  Do that to our guests.
  That's very rude.
  No I've always considered myself sort of an intimate little boy.
  Oh yeah.
  You know break.
  No I think you know there is something about that when you go on rides you see animatronics that are in their own world.
  But these are animatronics that are like in your world.
  Do you know what I mean.
  And there's something there's something that's that feels intimate about it.
  Yes it's there right there.
  It exists on a boardwalk which is not themed lights a little theme but it's not themed like Disney.
  You're in your is you're saying real world.
  It's kind of like especially when you're a kid.
  Is this thing real.
  Is it.
  It's kind of real.
  And now it's going to like tell me something bad about my life.
  That's intimate.
  Somebody says something bad about your life.
  Like now there's an intimacy there.
  Yeah.
  Nonsexual.
  Nonsexual.
  OK.
  All right.
  As long as you put that next to intimacy.
  Let's talk about one of these other machines.
  Do it.
  Do we have an order we want to go in.
  We got two to go.
  As morelda.
  Yeah I.
  As morelda is.
  You know this is kind of another sort of like yeah I don't know.
  This is a weird line because it's like in the 50s and 60s it's like well we need some mysticism.
  I guess let's put a Romani in there.
  Like let's just get that in there.
  Yeah that'll solve this.
  Sure.
  That's.
  I'm actually I'm actually surprised they haven't changed the name because it's the same name as hunchback of Notre Dame character.
  Mm hmm.
  Hmm.
  That's a good point.
  Using feels like they would not.
  Yeah I.
  I.
  I googled as morelda fortune teller and there's like a lot of different.
  Companies that are all making different as morelda fortune teller so I wonder if that was at some point a character.
  In some sort of media.
  Like is it is it all reference.
  This media.
  I mean do you think that other people are referencing the Disney one or do you think that the Disney one and other ones are also referencing something else that we don't know about.
  The name all referencing maybe it was.
  Oh maybe.
  Like yeah.
  We're like a generic you know missed it's kind of like in in.
  In there that there's that story in the devil white devil in the white city book about like we need a song for someone to dance to and like the pianist like.
  Is just covered in flop sweat and just kind of plunked out like that.
  That that that that that that that that like and that's where that came from.
  Like did they just like as morelda something.
  In.
  Yeah an old dime store book or in just like the first generations of these storytelling machines of like oh that's a name that sounds.
  Foreign enough to Americans they'll think it's mystical.
  Yeah I probably I mean somebody probably knows the exact history and we're sounding like idiots but it probably seems like well it's a like a Romanian name and they they know fortunes.
  I assume it comes from some sort of like very lazy lazy.
  Seems like we all hate as morel that's what the seems like a lot of despising going on.
  What from us you mean.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh I already.
  Ate this machine.
  No I don't hate her at all I'm just saying it's possibly comes from some sort of like lazy white people that's all I'm saying.
  Yeah yeah I also think that she's like the least she's maybe the least original at least specific to Disneyland.
  Mm hmm.
  Do you know what I mean like like the.
  Well sure sure.
  Sure sure.
  One is outside parts of the Caribbean Fort fortune or shrunken Ned is in Adventureland.
  This is kind of you've seen this before you know.
  What's like throwback in probably is something young Walt saw or something you know like it's because it's in the biz we're talking about the thing in the penny arcade and on Main Street.
  Right.
  Yeah so it's along with you know like I mean there's a couple there's a little family of weird mannequins and stuff on Main Street.
  I guess it's a throwback to mannequins that he either liked or creeped him out as a kid.
  There's a lot yeah there's still a lot of like little stuff that feel doesn't feel like it's so Disney like in the penny arcade there is the Pinocchio machine where you put like a quarter and he dances like so that's they have more like new Disney stuff in there.
  But there are still some pieces on Main Street like this that are a little more generic just like old turn of the century maybe.
  Yeah I found one of these that because I was like well this doesn't count as one of the fortune tellers but it's you know it's a it's adjacent I would say and I don't think I've ever seen this guy.
  He's an uncle Sam and he has a big I think you you well no you don't step on him it's a it's a some sort of like strength tester it's got like a dial in his chest and the thing that his chest dial says is a little unsettling to me hello hello strong man squeeze my hand.
  I can't.
  Where is this that's in the penny arcade apparently and he's just in his hand out and it's a little it's I think it's a little like low you can see where he's plugged in it doesn't feel super Disney ish does it but it's there apparently.
  Saying like his hand is like a crotch level that's not to say yeah yeah if you walked up to this yeah you would be shaking you in the groin so uncle uncle Sam will jerk you off for a quarter.
  That's what you're saying still looking for magic in Disneyland yes now that is intimacy that is a sexual intimacy there now this is the alpha I'm comfortable labeling in.
  Hello strong man squeeze my hand or put something else in there I don't know put something in my hand for and put the quarter in is there a quarter is there even a component to a quarter yeah there has to be he does it for free he just whoa he does yeah yeah Sam's just.
  I guess he's finally embraced the welfare state yeah that was that's another I mean this is all pre Disneyland so this is goes back to carnivals and yeah penny arcades.
  Mechanical Turk like this is all the stuff that robots giving you a hand jobs yeah that's old before that's all yeah tunnel that's what all of steampunk is heading for like that's what the more gears we put on stuff and hand jobs.
  Like eventually will end up with a steam powered robot.
  Well back in the turn of the century you you thought that it was a robot giving you a hand job but then you open up the box and there's actually a man and inside the box.
  Pulling little ropes and things and he's that magicians twin.
  The way to picking your pocket.
  So yeah.
  Is there all the you know gives you cards or she has a she has a deck of cards and they change those out and put differently Disney designs on them I'm looking at a deck with you know tinkerbell and a small world.
  Hawaiian girl in the abominable snowman from a matter horn and that's a that's all detail I never noticed and you know again the cards are.
  Interesting and odd and specific I'm looking at one with that warns you about the wear of a man who has dark hair and wears a good deal of jewelry is a false friend.
  Is anyone does anyone have anyone in their lives or is there someone prominent in the world who fits that description dark hair and wears a good deal of jewelry.
  Good deal of jewelry that's a good question I mean ringo.
  Oh no.
  Well they had the darkness of his hair is false we know that that's true I think he still wears some rings.
  Yeah, possibly Mr.
 T.
  Yeah, a lot of jewelry yeah that's true.
  Good question I would have to think about this more.
  That does seem like I don't know what that does seem like a warning like an old person would give you and go like I don't you can't say that anymore I'm not quite sure what you are implying but I'm sure it's not great.
  I see I get what I get where you're going with it.
  Still, and it's just like I know that you're mad at an entity that country has not existed for 200 years I we don't have to worry grandpa, what do you grandma's morel the story.
  Yeah, actually as you bring me this is a good point time to bring up because I got curious if as morel the exists in other parks, and what was my answer I think it may I think it was in the Magic Kingdom and Disney World and is not anymore, and I couldn't find an equivalent in Disneyland Paris.
  But there is a in Tokyo there continues to be a different fortune telling machine and you talk about non Disney this is this is very odd like why that why is this in Tokyo Disneyland grandmother's predictions.
  There's an old lady and kind of a broach and it says what does grandma say your answer is here.
  I mean one thought is just like so there's something about I mean as morel is in a box too but why is a grandma box that that's unsettling to me I don't want and there's something like personal about intimate you might say about saying grandma is like your grandma why is my grandma in a box.
  And then I got curious so you see an uncle Sam back there to stick his hand out.
  And I was like well what yeah what does grandma say what is grandma's answer and one of the cards that grandma gives you is that a devil might come and poke you with an arrow in the night is a little cartoon of a of a devil.
  Poking a very like heavily flop sweating sleeping man who's extremely distraught you talk about bizarre details I had no idea you could go to Tokyo Disneyland and get this weird devil card the devil and his pitchfork are getting about the devil will get you if you don't watch out.
  It's like really point in there this is temptations in your way be strong be firm and you won't stray I mean what is he talking about having an affair.
  Or she's talking about a lot of these are about affairs seemingly so yeah maybe or I guess yes stray is the one that may leads me to think this is about an affair I mean that could you apply like going down a bad path with drugs for straying I guess.
  This is what your straight life Mike Pence went to Tokyo Disneyland years ago and got this card and that's why he won't be in an elevator with a woman yeah yeah I can't handle it because he remembers that the devil will poke him in the middle of the night it's placing temptation in my way.
  Is your Mike a Pence impression the same as your Aladar impression from dinosaur stand together.
  I can't be in the same room with a lady dinosaur but it's also a little further than it's Don Pardo with grandma.
  The devil and your host the devil.
  With a guest a man with lots of jewelry.
  This is my fortune teller cards book that one episode of SNL.
  This fortune you can't get anywhere else you know you can't get it in the other souvenir shops in Tokyo Disney it's exclusive to the machine.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm feeling bad that I hadn't I hadn't seen grandma I missed I mean Scott was there and you missed grandma too.
  No I didn't I didn't see grandma and you know I do feel sad about that so it'd be nice to get more grandma.
  Style in our lives Mike could you give a grandma style prediction.
  I will say a fortune for Jason let's say.
  Okay for Jason I will say watch out for the devil lurks in the fridge.
  Well that one I already knew about because you know if you if you if you dance with the devil in the fridge too much devil ends up right on your hips you know.
  Hey can I can I say something real quick so what Jason and I used to be on a sketch team together at UCB and I think that when you guys first started the podcast we were we were on the team together show and I like yeah shortly thereafter yeah.
  I remember at the time I remember that you wrote a like at least a couple sketches about either theme parks or snacks.
  No you don't say I don't believe it and then hearing the podcast like it it it it came together to really form a picture of a man do you know what I mean like I started to get I started to get hints of it at the time and then through listening to this podcast I really got the full picture.
  Yeah and it's funny that you bring that up because the one time I have been to the museum at Kignac you Avery and I were at SF sketch fest with that sketch group and I had some sort of snack that gave me food poisoning so I spent much of one of the few days I was in San Francisco wandering fishermen's wharf just trying to get some fresh air and one of the ways I tried to cheer myself up was in the museum.
  So was there a banana banana hurt your tum tum too early in the morning.
  Oh yeah was it a banana in the morning without anything else.
  I I think it was eating fried rice with crispy crispy pig skin at one in the morning.
  It is probably the thing right.
  So I have I have an addendum to that fortune.
  There's also a knife in one of the.
  Okay yeah cuz it well if you cut a pie if you have a pie you've been cutting up slight sometimes you just put the pie with the knife back in the knife accidentally into the pie.
  Well that's if you have a friend you need to help out of a jam you know.
  Yeah like when Ma Beagle sends a knife to her sons to beagle boys in prison.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  What Esmeralda who's should we go to the next.
  Yeah so I guess ultimately like Esmeralda is is not my favorite of the of the fortune tellers but I am glad that she's there on Main Street because it's like Main Street otherwise is kind of just a lot of shops you know it's nice.
  It's nice yeah there is something there that is not just a shop.
  Even the penny arcade now is I think is mostly not a penny arcade besides the weird Uncle Sam.
  So yeah it's it's kind of the main way it's representing that and those like well like movies that you watch for a nickel which we will obviously cover individually one by one each old timey movie.
  Right brothers are something.
  But fortune read the pirate I mean that's what really jumped out and that seems like the biggest like element of the interactivity and everything.
  Yeah what do we know about this guy.
  Well I it's this is this is little corner over in New Orleans Square that I don't they've sort of expanded I think a little bit in the last so many years but I was a place I feel like I realized existed.
  I don't know like three years ago.
  Like there's a haunted mansion gift shop located here and then there's pirates kind of gift shop and they're both not in the traditional place of like immediately after coming off of those rides.
  They're just sort of tucked away in this little corner of New Orleans Square and this is similar this is in a similar spot and it feels like a little hidden spot to me.
  Yeah I think they keep you know cutting off pieces of it this is this is right back near where you used to go to the court of angels which was just like a very nice pleasant themed courtyard that they eventually.
  Read did and made it still exists it's like the entry courtyard to club 33 now.
  And that there was an outcry about that the time people are not happy about that because I think a lot of people are taking pictures back there or be it engagement pictures or pictures of families over the years and I think people that was another secret little thing like these fortune tellers which is like oh you go back go to the end of this alleyway and there is a charming little like New Orleans courtyard it's got some quiet music playing that sort of thing.
  Let's take it back let's storm it storm in the court of angels.
  There were a lot of good people going there that were just protesting not everybody there storming that courtyard weapons to storm it yeah I just want to go in and take a picture.
  I mean let's get on telegram and organize.
  Go from there.
  We do have to set up our presences on all of the weird.
  Yeah we were just ready to Jason had just finished our parlor account and then they took it off the man.
  Yeah so we'll try if it goes back up we'll be there was finally a place to say what we really think yeah finally your your parlor account is the third gate right.
  Yes well like Disney MGM studios we heard another theme park account was doing a third gate and we real quickly scrambled and found out the basics of what they were going to do and we're like we'll do a movie studio part two we'll do a parlor account too.
  So it's demolished on that.
  But they added me I guess what I'm saying the court of angels gone we got to go experience it once a club 33 which was obviously very cool but not something I expect us to do a ton in our lifetime.
  But I feel like they've made little magic moment places here in the way they've they've set this stuff up and added this little piece of fun fortune teller fun.
  Well what's this what do you do with the app what what what does the fortune read do for you is to have the play Disney app fired up.
  Yeah so so if you I mean if it's working sometimes it doesn't work but if it's working you can go to a little like section in the app that says fortune read and you you say like I'm here and then the thing lights up and does its little like back and forth animatronic thing and then spits out one piece of a story and and apparently there's like oh yeah there you go.
  And there's like 10 cards in each story I think and there's three stories and as far as I can tell like the stories aren't particularly interesting.
  That's not what I'm into do you know what I mean like I am a complete but I but I don't particularly care about what I'm getting from it.
  I just want them I want to have them you know yeah yeah yeah yeah I believe nothing has been too rewarding for you.
  Having like you have them in front of you and you're not looking at some like pearl of wisdom or quote that's changed your life.
  Right.
  You like you guys can can relate to the feeling of like just wanting to possess things.
  What every what are you talking about.
  Yeah.
  Yeah I mean I've got some I've got some oh wow some little animation final nations here too.
  Yes those are the Mickey shaped ones I have the Park stars which are not in the Mickey shape.
  The Park stars are better.
  The Park stars yes I always liked better because of that they've stopped making both I believe.
  Yeah I think that's true.
  Are any of these fortune tellers a Park star.
  Oh I think that they did I think that there's at least an Esmeralda.
  Is there?  I think so.
  Let me look.
  See if you can pull that up.
  But is it the Esmeralda from hunchback.
  Oh maybe because I know they did movie versions.
  I don't see a Park star for the fortune teller.
  I see I see hunchback.
  Yeah.
  Final nations.
  I don't know.
  It is Avery like you said you might be one of the very few people committed to this sort of thing because when I looked at the YouTube videos about and typed in like Esmeralda  Main Street Disneyland Fortune read Disneyland there were certainly videos of people going and getting the fortunes but there was no like usually there's a 20 minute explainer where people like walk you through the story.
  It's like OK here's how you do this.
  Here's how you and and most of the blogs that cover this stuff did have like in 2018.
  Hey go to Esmeralda or Fortune read with the parks the play Disney parks app.
  And this is what you can do.
  But there has not been a lot of like follow up about it or like accounting of it.
  Yeah I think that this there's they've tried the different.
  What was the interactive thing they were doing in Frontierland.
  You know what I'm talking about.
  Oh yes.
  The game.
  You're like you know tried this stuff and it hasn't maybe taken off in a way but it's cool in concept and I'm a little upset with myself for not knowing more about it.
  I'm a little upset with myself for not knowing more about this and not experimenting more with the with fortune read in the app.
  So I don't know if it just needs to get out there maybe this podcast is doing some sort of a service because I said definitely when I go next I'm going to do a little of this.
  I'm definitely going to scope that out.
  So really upset how upset at yourself are you.
  Let's see.
  I'm going to go with one ten ten being the most upset.
  Two.
  Two.
  Okay.
  All right.
  If it was more than two I would have been like I think you got it.
  You got to cut yourself a break.
  Okay.
  Fair enough.
  You know what I am too hard on myself.
  You're right.
  Yeah.
  I appreciate that.
  But thank you for sharing intimate details of your thought process.
  I am.
  I am the most intimate member of the podcast the ride trio.
  Okay.
  Well.
  Yes.
  Non sexually.
  Scott has left the zoom.
  You know that that reminded me of a of a of a story from like the first time that I went to Disney World as as a little kid.
  We went to the the Morocco restaurant at Epcot and there is a there's a belly dancer there.
  And I remember being like so freaked out by any kind of display of sexuality that I hid under the table and cried.
  And then my family made fun of me for 30 years.
  They just never let it go.
  I hear that I can relate to that.
  I was a good little boy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Of course.
  And it's stories like that.
  I knew you would be a perfect guest for this podcast.
  And and we should I should mention to every you are notable in podcast right history as you are first iTunes review.
  Oh is that true.
  So thank you for that.
  Happy to do it.
  Yeah.
  Beware dark fates awaits those who listen to this podcast.
  Now that was the review.
  I didn't say anything about the contents of it.
  Like a hex he was doing.
  Let me praise.
  Let me praise Fortune Red real quick.
  They made Fortune Red look like an old jacked up animatronic pirate.
  They didn't make sometimes my criticism is they make some of the new animatronics look a little too nice and new.
  I think Red looks fine but she maybe doesn't look like jacked up like some of the other.
  And I know that she's not as well like weathered as the other characters.
  But I'm glad that he looks like they pulled a 60s animatronic out and shoved him in a machine.
  I think that's cool.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Fortune Red looks like his face is about to fall apart.
  Yes.
  That's the and that's what I like about it.
  It looks like it's made of like dirt and it's going to fall apart.
  Yes.
  And what he does is his he's got a pointed finger and he just points back and forth between a map and a skull and yo ho.
  Like a jaunty version of yo ho plays.
  Yo ho Pirates Life for me plays.
  And then he points as if to say death is lies upon this map.
  And then he spits you out of Fortune which are kind of indecipherable because they're so written in pirate and like seafaring slang.
  So yeah I appreciate that.
  I don't know.
  I actually don't know is it maybe they just grabbed an old pirate.
  They have all these old pirates lying around in Imagineering.
  They just shoved an old one in here.
  Also you just alluded to some this is confusing also.
  We should click.
  Fortune Red is not Red the Pirate.
  Fortune Red is not Red the Pirate.
  Red is two D's correct.
  Red the Pirate.
  Oh is it?  I don't know.
  Which is not Red Rocket from Red Rocket's Pizza Port.
  The old name of the not good restaurant I'll declare.
  Yeah.
  Red is two D's for the new pirate Red on Pirates of the Caribbean.
  The female character that is two.
  I don't think I knew that.
  Like Chris Red a relative of SNL cast member Chris Red.
  Red the Pirate is not Chris Red and is not.
  Not Fortune Red.
  Fortune Red.
  And has nothing to do with Red Rocket Pizza.
  Nothing to do with Simply Red the 80's band.
  Nothing to do with Simply Red.
  Not the wrestler Amazing Red.
  Has nothing to do with Amazing Red.
  These are all different things.
  Yeah I'm looking at Red and Red my only criticism is that Red looks too nice.
  The pirate Red the new animation.
  Oh the pirate.
  Well I think I liked the addition of Red.
  It is very smooth.
  It's very clearly a newer generation of animatronic.
  But I think the issue with Red and Rosita is the audio needs to be worse.
  It's too fidelity.
  It needs to be a little hissier and the dialogue needs to be a little more anachronistic.
  Not in content but in like stilted delivery.
  Well there's a lot of enunciation which is why you want people to hear it.
  But that wasn't the case in the old days of recording these voices.
  Where it's like ah.
  Like you can barely understand what these pirates are saying.
  And there's some charm to that.
  So yeah when you see a new animatronic especially one in the context of an old ride with old audio recordings.
  It really sticks out.
  She's like we want the rum.
  And then everyone else is like ah.
  It's just so much different.
  You should have gotten an old character actress who's drunk.
  To do the lines.
  And then like yeah mess up the audit.
  Then use it just like an old 60s reel to reel recorder and use that tape.
  Yes.
  To make it fully match.
  Because you can't throw like a lacy hard drive down the stairs to like add like you know.
  You add stuff to the audio track in the way that like you could physically beat up analog media to get a certain effect.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So yeah they.
  Fortune read again.
  Janky.
  Janky like you want it to be.
  You don't want anything too good is the truth right.
  You want everything to be a little bit bad.
  You want it to work consistently.
  Mostly consistently.
  I'm trying to think yeah I guess you know in Tomorrowland.
  I think you would maybe want.
  I think depending on the yeah what the land is you would want the animatronics to be like new pristine feeling.
  But every other land where it feels like it's a long time ago including Galaxy's Edge.
  You would want all the robots to be a little janky at least just from looks not maybe their movement necessarily.
  But you would want them to all feel haunted like there was a person that got trapped in the robot.
  And they were melting and that was their fate for the rest of time.
  So yeah fortune read is stuck throughout the rest of time.
  He was a human man.
  Yeah.
  And now he has to live in this box.
  Grandma really is in that box.
  Yes.
  Grandma can't get out of the box.
  That's a question.
  She was she was bad in her real life.
  And then she was cursed by the devil to live in a box in Tokyo Disneyland.
  They were all the fortune tellers or were recipients of bad fortunes that laid out the curse.
  They were all will be your eternal home and they thought it was a coffin.
  But right.
  They didn't read it right.
  They didn't understand.
  She looks a little like the grandmother and carousel of progress which someone pointed out.
  It's like the same grandmother animatronic that is in the haunted mansion somewhere.
  Yeah.
 It's a ghost in a rocking chair.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a fun creepy detail.
  So every you.
  So there's all right.
  So you've done this experience.
  You've kind of you've collected them all at least for one of the stories.
  And do you feel like would you recommend this to other people or is this just like well it satisfied my specific fascinations.
  I I think everybody should.
  I think it's a fun thing that you can show people when you bring them to the park.
  I think it's a cool thing that not everybody knows about.
  And you get a little keepsake at the end of it.
  And I mean the fact that they made it so it's free is so great.
  Yeah.
  That's you know what.
  We got a change shortage now.
  It's tough to find.
  I haven't used change anywhere in a while.
  So yeah we're all going to be lacking in quarters I think.
  And maybe you need them for laundry or something.
  So now they figure out a way where for just the probably now more expensive price of going to Disneyland.
  And download and just download the app and now you don't go to sling that change around.
  Here's I think what I really want because because the stories are like fun but it doesn't it doesn't mean anything particularly.
  What I want is for I go to one of the fortune tellers and it spits out a card that tells me to go somewhere else in the park and find something else.
  Right.
  And I and I have to like go up to the top of the Tarzan tree house or whatever the hell you know.
  And then that sends me somewhere else.
  I want I want a fortune like a hunt throughout the park.
  And I don't think that's unreasonable.
  No I don't know.
  I wanted to cater to exactly what I want.
  No that's I think that's what they were trying with that game in Frontierland for a little while where there was sort of more of a hunt.
  But it was still it felt like very official.
  Well you needed to be somewhere at a certain time to give things out and then people would go off.
  But you're but I think yeah maybe your idea your plus up here is good in the sense that it's a less formal version of that.
  And you can find I mean they do little hunts like around Easter they go find all the eggs and mark them down.
  That's not quite as cool as this but maybe there are multiple choose your adventure or choose your own adventure type things with fortune telling machines and other other interactions.
  Or interactive elements that could be like that.
  I mean I think it's never it will never be able to last if they need park employees to to do it.
  If someone's job is to interact with someone and give them a clue all day.
  I don't think that will happen right.
  But if they had what happened they had this card game in Florida that you would go around and play like almost like a magic like a simplified Magic the Gathering kind of like game where you would cast spells and have character cards.
  And this sort of thing and it was free to study you got a starter pack for free and then you could buy stuff or they would give stuff with different cards to annual pass holders and they had been doing it for years and just recently like shelled it for the moment because I don't know that the demand was there.
  And yeah it requires I think some cast member interaction.
  So yeah so so yes as you were saying every like no because that that'll always get cut it always get cut.
  It'll always get cut when a human is having to do it.
  As it is to be a job.
  So figure out ways with these machines or other things to like send you on a little mission.
  Yeah and I don't and I feel like sometimes people to like discount the app because they don't want people that like they don't like the idea of somebody walking around the park just staring at their phone all the time.
  And I agree that's like a legitimate concern right.
  But I feel like if there's ways that like with with these fortune tellers what what's cool about it is that the app lets you interact physically with the landscape of the park.
  Do you know what I mean you're you're like using the app but it's not keeping you in the app it's like getting you out into into interesting things in the space.
  So if they could make you do more of that it would be awesome.
  Yeah there because they did there was a space mountain I mean I guess it exists still there's space mountain like game you could play.
  I guess we were playing it in line and it was awful because we were having to like just play it for 25 minutes this game with putting pieces together we're competing against other people online.
  And I was just like this is so stressful like I feel like that's maybe not as good of an application as what you're saying where it's just like you interact with this because you're close to it.
  It goes hey there's a secret little corridor you may not have known about go over there and then put your phone down you experience life you go over there and then you put your phone up for a second and then yeah you go somewhere else.
  Yeah that yeah that that feels a lot better with the application than having to play a stressful game against 30 people in space mountain line.
  And there's already that game you put on your forehead I mean that's already like dominating Disney's not going to cut into the forehead card game which I can't summon the name of right now.
  Yeah I what is the name of it.
  I don't know my board card heads up.
  Yeah there you go yeah yeah yeah right.
  This is we're a great podcast for not knowing specific names I think every episode there is a search for a name which doesn't guaranteed have an ending it's the correct answer at the end.
  Sometimes we leave the audience hanging.
  We did figure out the clowns name which was.
  Cliffy cliffy.
  Cliffy the clown.
  And we did figure out that podcasting is what kind of medium.
  In in two minutes an intimate.
  And that's why he's the best that's why he's a pro.
  The most intimate on the show.
  Yes I think I believe every month you survive podcast the ride.
  Thank you for joining us for this this trip through this intimate medium.
  Thanks for getting intimate with us.
  Let's exit through the gift shop is there anything you'd like to put.
  Yeah I mean you can you can follow me on on Twitter Instagram at Avery Monson it's AVERY M-O-N-S-E-N or if you have if you have kids.
  I just wrote a children's book called I am the longest dog that's published by Disney.
  Wow.
  Which doesn't it doesn't mean anything unfortunate doesn't it's a totally separate separate thing.
  But yeah you can you can check it out or go to longest dog dot com and you can see the book.
  Oh great yeah I would like to check it out because I call our dog Edwin the very long dog often.
  That's true I'm not joking.
  Why he's small but long.
  Yeah.
  Yeah well yeah that's great.
  Read it to him and it will be an intimate experience.
  Oh yeah certainly.
  Yeah.
  Hey and for more intimate experiences with us you can check us out on all your favorite social medias and to quote Trunk and Ned if you want to patronize podcast the ride then visit podcast the ride the second gate where you get three bonus episodes every month and that's at Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  Jason you're the only one who didn't do a fortune you do it do a fortune for Avery to close this out.
  Oh OK.
  While the path may seem treacherous and curving.
  Straight cut through is often the best choice.
  Is there anything else though maybe in that fortune Jason.
  And when you encounter an old friend on the pathway you know he's got a knife.
  First.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  No.
  You feel okay about that.
  You think you can handle it.
  Yeah I guess I just got to stab everyone I know.
  Sounds like a plan.
  You took that right.
  Start stabbing guys.
  Yeah.
  You better get to it.
  When you encounter someone you know on that street in San Francisco that curves one way and the other and all the way down and you know it's just and you are walking right down the center of it like cars honking at you and then you run into an old college roommate.
  You know what to do.
  You know what to do.
  Stab stab stab.
  All right thanks for listening everybody bye bye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boah Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
