 Forever.
  Dog.
  Among gentle spirits of the air,  our podcast awakens at the early dawn.
  It may include censored sunbathers,  talking body parts, and Simpsons trivia  as breathtaking as the French Alps.
  Matt Warburton joins us to talk Epcot's film  Impressions de France, not to mention his work  on the Simpsons ride.
  This is podcast Les Attractions.
  ["Impressions de France"]  Welcome to Podcast the Ride,  a podcast about theme parks that might get a little dry,  so if you're bored, just do a Beauty and the Beast  sing-along instead.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Bonjour mon ami.
  I'm very excited for an episode subtitled,  Jason Mispronounces Any Number of French Names,  Landmarks, Cities.
  Yeah, yeah, we're pretty screwed.
  It's gonna be a lot of Versace and such.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Mike Carlson, how do you think you'll fare?  Well, look, I did two years of high school French,  and I was addressed as Bernard in that class,  so I do think maybe this will all come back to me.
  Have I studied up on it?  No.
  Have I relearned anything?  No.
  But I'm hoping that I'll remember things,  like I'll remember how to say, let's say,  Keller et al, that's what time it is.
  It's asking what time is it, excuse me.
  So that just came back to me now,  so we're gonna have revelations like that as we go on.
  So I'm excited to see what's still in my brain.
  This is maybe your only chance to show it.
  This is the only application you've found, seemingly,  for two years of high school French,  is this very episode, so don't blow it.
  I will try not to.
  And I guess we'll learn about the French skills  of our guest, who mainly, it seems like,  is a pretty huge theme park fan, a pretty big Epcot head,  so we're excited to talk to him.
  He's a comedy writer, has worked on The Simpsons  and The Mindy Project.
  It's Matt Warburton, hello.
  Hello.
  Bonjour, madame de monsieur.
  Oh, geez.
  I don't speak any French either, I feel bad.
  One of four of us speaks a word of French.
  I have learned every French word I know  is from either the people introducing the movie  we're about to talk about, or things mentioned  in the 18-minute France documentary at Epcot itself.
  So, yeah, it's gonna be a tough road for the audience here.
  Yeah.
  People are coming to it hoping for a duolingo experience  where they can pick some stuff up.
  I don't know, it's not coming from, you know.
  Yeah.
  I wonder how helpful those apps are.
  This movie reminded me, oh yeah, I've always wanted  to see Paris and the French countryside.
  I've always wanted to go to this,  and looking up some French language stuff,  I was like, oh, I would need to do some prep  before I do this, but I had like six or seven years  between middle school, high school, and college of Spanish,  and there was so much emphasis on finishing workbooks  and worksheets and textbook chapters  that I really did not do a very good job  at learning how to speak it.
  Mm-hmm.
  So are you calling into question  the American education system, basically?  Yeah, I'm going out on a real limb here  and calling out the American education system.
  I see.
  Well, I agree with you.
  I mean, I think, actually, now that I think about it,  I did take some junior high French,  and it's just, it's like not practical.
  There's like a must be a better way.
  I don't know if it's total immersion.
  I assume that's the best way for most people  to learn a language.
  But yeah, it's not like I came out,  but you would think after a year of study  or nine months of study  that I would have some good grasp on it, and I do not.
  And it was also a time when my brain  was actually absorbing things.
  So you would think that would be good.
  Oh yeah, before that stops, yes, into adulthood.
  It's done.
  I remember the names of the Ninja Turtles friends,  and I remember the pavilions at Epcot,  and that's about it.
  I was absorbing, like, kids in the hall reruns,  and that's what ate up most of my brain power.
  Sure.
  All right, so it's an Epcot-centric worldview here,  evidently, and Matt, for us exchanging DMs a little bit,  yeah, it seems like you're a pretty big Epcot per,  like that's the focus of your theme parkdom, possibly.
  Yeah, I mean, I've always,  I've been going to Disney World and Epcot  since I was a little kid, probably.
  First time, I'm like a little older than you guys,  probably like 84, 85, so, you know, I've been on Horizons.
  I was on original World of Motion,  and, you know, like vintage Epcot  is definitely my way into loving theme park stuff.
  Definitely carried over, you know,  and also what I will say is that a great thing,  a thing that's interesting about World Showcase  and the French Pavilion in particular,  in the movie that we're talking about is like,  I'm also happen to be really interested in, like,  World's Fairs, and I don't know if you guys know this,  but like, you know, Epcot was designed  to be permanent World's Fair.
  Right.
 Yes.
  Disney World had done all this,  the Disney Company and Imagineering had done all this work  working on the 64 World's Fair and things like that.
  I didn't realize this when I first started going to Epcot,  but I was like, when I found out that like,  oh, there are these things called World's Fairs  that are like Epcot, I, as a kid was like,  oh, this is great, and so, as an adult, I started,  I've been to four of the actual World's Fairs,  which they still have, nobody in America  knows about them or goes to them,  but they still, every couple of years, they have one,  and so, like, I am proof positive that like,  that they are really very much like going to Epcot,  and Epcot's better, but they're still around,  and I will say that like, the experience of the movie,  the Impressions of France, the movie we're talking about,  is like the most accurate sort of thing  of what a real World's Fair is actually like,  so the audience is getting a pretty good example of that.
  Like the kind of thing they show,  like there are films like this.
  Yeah, I mean, it's a movie,  and you know, sort of like an IMAX-y type of movie  that's basically like a, trying to get you to go there  as a tourist and sell you an idea of the country.
  Of going to a place.
  Where have you been?  Like, they'll throw money, like,  I've been to like the North Korea Pavilion  at the Chinese World's Fair in 2010, like, yeah,  you know, you'd be surprised how they can like,  gussy up a pretty awful country to make it look nice.
  One of these pavilions.
  Wow, that's insane.
  Yeah, like, I guess I've always,  my interest in World's Fairs has sort of stemmed from,  like, that there were other 80s ones  with sort of the blocky retro future vibe of Epcot,  like Expo 86, I think,  because, wait, now I'm mixing it up,  is that Montreal, maybe?  But, or there's a Knoxville one,  but like, what is the, what's the feel of a current,  of like a post 2000 World's Fair?  Yeah, the ones I've been to,  I would say the most like, sort of,  they tend to be like futuristic,  but in a kind of like shopping mall kind of way.
  I mean, they're not, there aren't a lot of rides,  which is one thing I was disappointed to learn.
  They're often like one or something,  but they're, you know, they're not like  imagineering quality,  they're sort of like cardboard cutouts and stuff,  or like a little roller coaster or something like that.
  But yeah, I would say like,  or sort of Angelino's in the audience,  they kind of had the vibe of the new Century City Mall,  kind of, but on a much, much, much larger scale.
  Like to the point where the last one that I went to  was 2015, which was in Milan,  it actually had an Italy in it.
  And so when the Italy came to our mall here in LA,  it was, it really transported me  to the 2015 Milan World's Fair.
  Like not Italy proper, but the version of Italy.
  They vary in quality.
  I'll say the one in Shanghai in 2010  was one of the coolest things.
  It was unreal that just the physical fair itself.
  So like, it was like, imagine Epcot,  that was the size of Monaco, I think.
  It was so big.
  Jesus.
 Wow.
  Mind blowing.
  But they, you know, they throw these things up.
  And one of the cool things at World Fair is they throw it up  and then they tear it all down a year later and it's gone.
  And it's a cool thing about Epcot is that it doesn't go away.
  So it's like, you know, you see it and you get attached to it  and, you know, obsess over it.
  Are World's Fairs on, do you know, on like a Olympic schedule?  Like, do you know, are the next few planned out basically?  Yeah.
  So they do a big one every five years.
  So on the like, the fives and the tens.
  So they were supposed to be one.
  The last big one was in Milan.
  Like I was saying, the next one,  which got bumped because of COVID is Dubai.
  Whoa.
  Man, those guys are going to know how to do it right.
  Really?  I understand that they built an airport just to get in  and out of it is how crazy it is.
  Oh my God.
  Maybe they rescheduled it for this winter.
  We'll see.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Something for a future.
  We've all been upset about Tokyo Olympics getting canceled  and like the level of tech and theming that's going to be,  but now maybe suddenly I'm more disappointed  by a Dubai World's Fair not happening.
  The, I don't think, you were not on The Simpsons  when there was the big run  about the Knoxville World's Fair, right?  That was before you were there?  That was before I was there.
  Yeah, I did work on the Epcot episode.
  That was like 13 or 14, right?  When I first started being there.
  Gotcha.
  Which was fun because I got,  I was like still too early there  to really have a huge role in that,  but it was a subject I knew a lot about.
  The issue being that Al Jean,  the show runner in The Simpsons, great guy,  gave me my job, fantastic person, great writer,  does not like Epcot.
  He loves Disney stuff, he loves Disneyland.
  He just really has it in for Epcot  and so it was really tough to do that episode  because he just wanted it to seem like really lame.
  I guess that's more fun.
  And I guess it's a comedy show,  so it's like it wouldn't be that funny  if the jokes were like, isn't this place great?  But yeah, it was a struggle.
  I think the designers did a good job.
  There's like horizons in the background,  some shots and stuff, but.
  Oh right, yeah, and the future sphere  does feel very like you're waiting  for the spaceship or the  Eastern Airlines.
  The airplanes are whipping people.
  Like Dream Flight sort of.
  When you were in that room,  was it just a situation where you were sitting  on your hands when it would be like a joke  would come up about Epcot?  Or you're like, that's actually not accurate.
  Absolutely, and look, I love Epcot,  I'm not gonna get fired over it.
  Sure.
  I don't, you shouldn't have.
  Epcot's not worth it.
  Which I know that, by the way,  I just said something that'll anger  a lot of our audience.
  You've never been in this position  to potentially lose a job by saying  that Epcot's okay and not bad.
  It's worth it to go to, it's not worth losing  a good job for is what I'm saying.
  I also liked the accuracy of that.
  That Epcot is the venue for a Teacher of the Year awards.
  That feels like the most,  like there is a Eisner,  there was some American Teacher Awards thing  that was broadcast on the Disney Channel.
  They do a lot of, they would host big conventions  and stuff like that there.
  So it kind of, yeah, I forget what,  the other crazy thing was,  I think Little Richard was the guest in that episode.
  And, rest in peace.
  He did a great job.
  One thing I remember really clearly though was that,  you know in a script,  this is a Hollywood talk audience members.
  Scripts, the way you tell a story.
  There's a peak behind the curtain at the biz.
  There's often, what's called a reader or an internal  on a line of dialogue in a script, right?  It says like, yelling, get out of here or whatever.
  It's like a little parent,  the two parentheses with like how to read the line in it,  all the parenthetical or a reader in Hollywood terms.
  Okay, so there was a line for Little Richard,  who's a singer, he's not a professional actor,  that his line was, is this true Edna?  Referring to Mrs.
 Krabappel, Edna Krabappel.
  And the reader was furious  so that he would know how to read it.
  And I think we did a hundred takes of this guy  every single time.
  It was furious, is this true Edna?  I was, I know it says furious,  just like, just anything in the parentheses.
  Got it, no problem.
  Furious, is this true Edna?  What am I happy with, Chris?  That's great.
  That's exactly what I want out of him.
  I love hearing that.
  The podcast episode about the France Pavilion at Epcot.
  Yes.
  Did it have to be cut up at all to make the timing right?  Or did he get it eventually?  We got it clean.
  Okay.
  Maybe a line went.
  And he'd done, I'm curious if any of our listeners  worked on his many guest appearances on shows  like Full House and he'd done a lot of things  if there was a similar situation.
  Sadly, we can't ask the man himself anymore, but.
  Right, yeah, yeah.
  When he passed away, I was obvious,  what you were supposed to reflect on  are his contributions to music,  but I went to the many, many 90s cameos of Little Richard.
  Yeah.
  There's a good Mother Goose rockin' rhyme,  he's Old King Cole,  some very bizarre line readings and that, I'm very fond of.
  I gotta rewatch the Simpsons one.
  And speaking of the Simpsons, before we started,  you reminded us the fact that you were part  of the Simpsons ride.
  You were one of the main folks putting the ride together.
  That's amazing.
  Yes.
  Definitely like the thing I've worked on  and I'm proudest probably.
  It was, or at least the most fun, for sure.
  As I've said, coming as a person who's been obsessed  with this stuff since I was a little kid,  to actually get to work on riding.
  Actually, when Universal came to us,  because the Simpsons always has this kind of like  special level of control whenever it does something  just because it's sort of a comedy institution  and the way the deals always work.
  So when the Simpsons does a video game,  they can really dictate how the video game turns out.
  And I had come from that team.
  We had just done a couple of the 2000s era video games,  like Hit and Run and some of those things.
  And I think I ran on a message board back in the day  that they were gonna turn the Back to the Future  ride into a Simpsons thing.
  They were gonna redo it.
  And I hunted down the executive.
  I remember literally chasing her car down and being like,  hey, I heard there's gonna be a ride.
  I have to work on it.
  You have to let me do this.
  I remember stupidly at the time saying,  I will do it for free.
  Please let me do this.
  Luckily, she was like, we will pay you a tiny amount of money.
  I was like, great.
  But so yeah, so like I happened to be the person  who was most into this sort of stuff  other than the staff at that time of the Simpsons.
  So they kind of just let me be in charge of the product  for much of its run.
  We had a great team.
  We had Matt Selman and Danny Chun  and a bunch of other writers.
  But it was literally like a make a wish foundation  treat for myself.
  I got to really figure out what we wanted the ride to be  and go through the whole process.
  And it was great.
  It took like a year.
  It was kind of during the writer's strike.
  So like we all had a ton of extra time  to really make it great.
  And we would do these things where we would write the script.
  And I worked really closely with this guy, Colin Heck,  who's our assistant director, the Simpsons animator.
  And we would work on the script.
  We had a little trailer on the Foxlet to do it.
  And then at night, they would work on a rough pencil animatic  of the animation for the ride.
  And we would write it on the screen at Universal that night.
  And then they would just project it.
  And we'd be in the DeLorean  because the cars were still back to the future.
  The ride had been open all day as a back to the future ride.
  But we'd test out the moves and stuff.
  Wow.
  I mean, imagine.
  I mean, like heaven.
  Yeah, we're all suppressing.
  We don't just want to shout noises of joy.
  I know.
  I mean, I've never gotten over it,  how insanely fun that was.
  God, wow.
  Wow, wow, wow.
  So it was an unbelievable experience.
  I feel bad.
  I mean, as a part, we'll probably talk about this.
  I feel like the France movie,  which is one of my favorite things at Epcot,  is always in danger of being replaced.
  It's always like, it's got this Beauty and the Beast thing  nipping at its heels.
  If that's popular, who knows what's gonna happen, right?  So many great things at Epcot have changed over the years.
  Sure, sure, yes.
  And I felt like, I wasn't gonna say no to the Simpsons thing,  but I definitely felt bad  because a lot of people loved the Back to the Future ride  and were annoyed at this beloved thing,  which I thought was good.
  It wasn't particularly, it wasn't my favorite or anything,  but hey, so I've been on the other side of this.
  I get it.
  If someone offers you, you're gonna do it.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah, well with this though, I feel like,  yeah, was there a pressure or you were like,  oh, if people don't like this,  I'm gonna have the weight of Theme Park fan guilt.
  Because I think the consensus I hear is  people like Simpsons, we all like that Simpsons ride a lot.
  It's really cool and it is a worthy successor.
  I will say that there were a lot of,  I think it turned out great.
  It was very much what we wanted.
  It was got to be about Theme Park stuff,  which I was really happy that they let us do.
  It's hard to ride it now  because there's a million things  I wish we could still change.
  Because you're used to the animation process  where you have forever the dialogue and stuff.
  It was also weird.
  It was a weird group of people.
  It was people from Universal who were amazing.
  There was Fox people, there was the Simpsons writers.
  And there were a lot of compromises made  throughout each line of dialogue  and just making everything.
  It was also an interesting challenge.
  There aren't a lot of rides that are,  actually not just a Theme Park movie,  but a physical attraction where you're moving  that has to get you to pay attention  to a joke being said at you.
  Right, right.
  Being thrown around and moving,  doing simulated 360s and stuff,  it's hard to process a joke.
  Long line of dialogue.
  So we had to make things really simple  and sometimes we'd do it and it wouldn't make sense  and we'd have to make it simpler.
  Also, we actually had tested out,  there's a thing at the end where  Barney, the Simpsons character Barney burps.
  And we had actually tested out  spraying a bad smell at you.
  Oh.
  And this is right at the end of the ride  after you've been jostled around  and we were like, everyone's gonna throw up.
  So the burp is still there.
  And I think the ride physically has the ability  to throw a bad smell at you.
  But it doesn't do it.
  It was built to have a burp and then that was canceled.
  Yeah, there is one smell, it's a baby powder smell.
  Oh yes, yeah.
  In Maggie's mouth, right?  Yes, and that's a nice smell.
  So it's like nobody likes that.
  But then Maggie spits you out  and then there's a part where Barney is front center  and he burps at you.
  Right.
 Too much.
  They would, the cleaning budget on that thing  would have been disgusting.
  Also, those are tiered ride vehicles.
  It would have, you would have had a surprise from upstairs.
  Oh yes, yeah, it would have dripped down a couple levels.
  You'll be happy to hear that the smell in Maggie's mouth  made it to our very prestigious  fake smell final four competition.
  It didn't win, it didn't go all the way,  but it was in one of the 16 competitors.
  So you guys should go back and listen to this.
  What won?  The ET forest smell.
  The ET forest, okay.
  Yes, yeah, the smell and the line for the ET ride.
  I think what did the, did Maggie,  it was in a chaos category with Rome burning  from spaceship Earth, actually.
  This is a nightmare category for you.
  It's your work versus something I'm not paying attention to.
  I'm still going with my heart on that one.
  That's burning Rome any time.
  Yeah, yeah, unfortunately.
  I think I voted for Maggie, didn't I?  I can't remember.
  I don't know.
  Well, yeah, we'll have to go check.
  It's such a specific, I don't know,  it's so unique, the Maggie, the talcum powder,  or whatever it's called, baby powder, excuse me.
  Right, right.
  It really is what the inside of a baby's mouth smells like.
  Right.
  I was gonna say to give you credit as a fan,  when we asked what would you wanna talk about,  you led with all Epcot.
  Like you did not, you did not like.
  We give another option.
  Yeah, we haven't mostly been talking  about the Simpsons ride, but.
  You did not lead with work.
  You led with pleasure and fun.
  Yeah, I mean, Epcot's my favorite.
  And you guys, I feel like you guys  have been doing a lot of work lately,  you've been focusing on a lot of Epcot stuff.
  Thank you, thank you for noticing.
  Yes, it's been nice.
  It's made us feel better.
  And yeah, yeah, what I'll point out is,  pivoting to our subject here a little bit,  a thing I love about the France movie is that I think,  I think it is the only day one Epcot attraction still open,  basically untouched in its original form.
  Probably.
  Like little updates to American Adventure and stuff.
  American Adventure is close,  cause you have the movie, you know, you've got, you know,  who do they add lately?  Bill Cosby, Jeffrey Epstein, whoever they've added.
  It is all bad.
  Yeah, it is that.
  Wheaties box, the end of that thing.
  Whoever they add, the end of American Adventure  is gonna be some sort of sex criminal within.
  It was like Lance Armstrong, Bill Cosby.
  It was unbelievable run of monster.
  Neil deGrasse Tyson, Zuckerberg isn't a sex monster,  but he's a different monster in other ways.
  Like Neil deGrasse Tyson's kind of,  that came and went a little bit.
  Elon Musk is on, there's a lot of people who are like,  I don't know.
  Ah, noted American, Elon Musk.
  Oh yeah, right.
  Not a good look.
  I don't know, they should just stick with like  Kermit the Frog at this point or something, you know.
  Play it safe.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a curse really to end up in that montage, yeah.
  Like when I, you know, as an adult, when I go to Epcot,  I do gravitate towards things that are similar  to they were before.
  I try not to be, you know, a nostalgic completely,  but your spaceship Earths,  the land, you know, things that,  things where the rides are recognizable from where they were.
  Yeah, for sure.
  The France movie, which I think I didn't really appreciate  when I was a kid, it's not like for kids.
  Yeah.
  It's, I would say like the pinnacle of,  let's call it fancy Epcot.
  For the consumer of Epcot.
  Right, right.
  It is the same, because the China movie changed,  Canada movies changed a bunch of times.
  You know, France holding the torch, basically the same.
  Yeah, which is cool to, like, see if what you're after  from Epcot is a trip to 1982,  which certainly I am as much as possible.
  This one very much is, and yeah, just this literally is  a 82 looking movie.
  Yeah, it's just gotta be one of the only experiences  untouched too, just in general,  because everything, Main Street's different,  everything's like, even stuff that looks the same.
  It is interesting that this isn't, this didn't have like,  you would think in the 90s they would have had like,  Richard Karn host something and like do a bad French accent  and have like a beret on or something.
  I mean, I guess they would probably go with a real French man.
  They'd go with a real French guy.
  Gerard Defardieu, but then they temper it  with Richard Karn, yeah.
  Yeah, a side of Richard Karn for the meal.
  It has to, this is what, almost 40 years now at this point.
  It had to have threaded a particular needle, right?  It's like, it was just popular enough to stay,  but not so popular that they fudged with it  in some significant way.
  They never had, like you're saying, Martin Short,  or like they just kind of left it as it is.
  And it's been, you know, so we'll see.
  We'll see when that area gets a lot more attention  and you got the Ratatouille's gonna be there  around the corner.
  It, you think the thing, you know,  it's like baseball or something.
  Theme park business is a heartbreaking thing.
  The thing you like, gonna go away.
  Temporary, you got, you're like,  it could be there for 40 years and it's gonna be gone.
  I'm not, hey, I know the French movie's  not gonna be there forever.
  I can watch the like, you know, 4K YouTube of it.
  Great, not the same, but it is nice that there's one thing  that's kind of still in its,  or you guys were talking about,  I listened to a little bit of the Living Seas episode.
  I see the restaurant, the Coral Reef restaurant  is also like pretty untouched from its initial condition.
  There's a few places that like that.
  But yeah, yeah, for all this stuff,  it feels like enjoy anything.
  Enjoy anything that doesn't feel like it's part  of the synergy plan while you can.
  And I didn't mean to rhyme, I apologize.
  But like, it feels like if there's no character,  if there's no something,  it's gotta be on the chopping block.
  It's gotta be in their heads,  they're like, we could get rid of this.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I have tried, like the last two or three times  I have gone down to Disney World,  I have been like, okay,  I'm gonna do Impressions de France.
  I know I did it a few times when I was younger.
  I did not have a ton of big memories of it as a kid,  which I'm gonna chalk up to,  that my family always started at Future World  and would go clockwise from like Mexico onward,  and then would usually eat a large,  debilitating meal at Alfredo's,  and then would kind of blitz through the last bit of Epcot  because we were all very tired from the large pasta meal.
  And then when I went back as an adult a few times,  I would always try to do Impressions de France  at the end of the day,  and they were like, oh, the park is closing soon,  so we shut it down early.
  It was not busy tonight.
  And it's like, okay, all right, the French.
  And now it's only open at night.
  I haven't been since they added the Beauty and the Beast thing,  but as I understand it,  it's Beauty and the Beast during the day,  and then at like four o'clock or something,  it's adult time.
  Yeah, that's weird.
  I believe that's correct.
  It's an adult film now.
  Something for the parents.
  Something for the parents.
  I feel like this is a Twitter conversation lately.
  I, growing up in as an adult,  have always been a counterclockwise visitor  world showcase.
  Any particular like,  Canada first.
  If you had to break down the plan?  Yeah.
  What's, yeah, what do you,  like what is the route then if you're like,  is there something you wanna do later?  Is there something you wanna do?  Or is there, and is there a middle?  Is there like, the food has to be at this one spot?  You know, I think that the heart of the food is,  well, I think I'd like to hit,  you got a time American Adventure,  because it's like only shows, you know,  once an hour or something like that.
  So you gotta kind of like keep your eye on the clock.
  I think like growing,  I was a huge fan of the original Canada movie.
  Again, I think my parents both liked it.
  And so like we were drawn that way.
  Or we would do,  this doesn't kind of fit neatly  into what we're talking about,  but I would juke over to Mexico,  go on, you know, El Rio de Tiempo or whatever.
  Then we would go back around to,  you know, France and Canada,  and then make our way around.
  You know, Maelstrom or et cetera.
  Have you been catching the recent happenings  at El Rio del Tiempo,  the slow removal of the animatronics?  This has been an ongoing drama.
  It's so delightful when they added them.
  They were pretty good animatronics.
  Yeah, very much so.
  Mexico City scene.
  Yeah, now they're, Donald died at some point.
  So he's just a potted,  he became just a potted plant.
  Am I getting that right?  Did it have Donald's hat or something?  Or was it just a plant?  Was it a cactus?  A cactus with a sombrero?  With a sombrero.
  And then it was just, I think the plant,  and then I think it was gone entirely.
  And then just this morning,  it's cut, it's flat.
  They replaced all the robots today or yesterday  with just flats of all three characters.
  So all the robots are gone,  even though the other two seemed like they were working fine.
  And now it's just three cardboard cutouts,  station, like stationary.
  I'm assuming, cause attendance is, I believe,  down now that the holidays are over  and that they are doing repair work or something.
  Hopefully.
  Assuming that's not permanent,  because it does look like suddenly there is like a bill,  you know, a movie billboard or something  in the middle of the ride.
  Maybe it is a classic Epcot fan.
  Maybe they have like a Phantom of the Opera  lives in the building and is like, Mrs.
 El Rio,  you know, Phantom of the.
.
.
  Oh, the boat ride.
  Phantom of the El Rio that's trying to like bring it back  and destroying the animatronics.
  Oh, maybe so.
  Or like taking them for himself  to build his own version or something.
  That makes sense.
  And then like, is like, tried to get rid  of the Judy Dench narration on Spaceship Earth 2,  somebody who goes around haunting Epcot,  trying to remove the newer stuff.
  Yeah, going back to, was it Walter Cronkite?  And there's been like four narrators over the years.
  Is Jeremy Irons in there at some point?  Jeremy Irons is one.
  Yeah.
  Dark, sinister version.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Is there one, speaking of that,  of things that you've taken out,  is there a Epcot removal that makes you the most upset?  Is there one that is the most heartbreaking  in the whole history?  Definitely Horizons.
  That was always my number one.
  Yeah.
  It also just felt like, it just felt like so unnecessary.
  You know, you hear stories there's sinkhole,  which I need to talk about this in a previous episode.
  But like, yeah, I mean, I will say the like,  I was never a huge journey into imagination guy,  but like, you know, that was such a downgrade.
  It felt like for no reason.
  Yeah, those would be the primary.
  I do, you guys talked about this a week or two ago,  but like, I do miss the original,  the ride part of Living Seas was great.
  I don't know, I'm sounding like a real guy  that just wants to stay the same.
  I get that, but you know.
  Well, you know, with Epcot though,  for the most part, you don't end up with like,  that, you know, like the Frozen is one thing.
  Frozen is like, let's put a new property in there  that younger people want to see.
  I get the business logic of that,  certainly whether or not you like the ride.
  The other ones are like,  what if we replace a ride with a worse ride  that also is an IP and that is like sleepy  and has less stuff in it?  Like the painting in the church where they like,  make the angels, Jesus's face terrible or something.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
  They just took a beautiful picture,  Renaissance painting and just made it kind of like a  emoji version or something.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I would say the Frozen one is one where I like,  I was annoyed, like I always am when they change anything,  but like I had to be like, this is good.
  They did a good job with this.
  Features I think like a kid would like,  which is reasonable enough.
  Right.
  You at least see, yes, a child,  like someone would like this,  whereas Journey and some of these other things.
  I mean, Mission Space, I think people would like,  if it didn't like, hurt you.
  If it didn't almost, yeah, like leave me with a feeling  of like, my chest is about to cave in.
  Yes, my brain doesn't feel great.
  It was real.
  I was, yeah, I walked around World Showcase in a days  after doing it for the first time.
  It was crazy.
  And then if you turn your head to the side,  forget it, you're out for a couple of minutes.
  I don't even see, I don't think I did it.
  I don't even think I did that.
  And it was awful.
  The optics of removing horizons,  like as Epcot was the center of the Millennium  celebration festivities at Epcot,  it's still so wild to me.
  I mean, I know I talked about on the episode.
  Yeah, it's really kicking the grind.
  Yeah, just like, oh, the future's over.
  Forget about it.
  Yeah, this is the end of the future.
  And it's like, no, no, the end of the future comes in 2001.
  Don't worry about that.
  Optimism will go away,  but we're getting an early start on it.
  We're almost there.
  Yeah.
  Well, okay, so impressions to France.
  I mean, let's say some basics about it,  about this unchanged remnant of Epcot 82.
  So yeah, so if you, if for anyone listening  who doesn't go see the movies very frequently,  in World Showcase with all the different  country revolutions there are,  there's films, I believe, in Canada and in China.
  And those are 360 degree films,  which we've talked about so sparingly, I feel like,  the Circle Vision 3D.
  The Circle Visions, yeah.
  Or 360 rather, where there's screens all around you,  I think nine screens,  and you stand with railings to watch the movies.
  Which is a, that was always a roadblock for me,  and maybe my parents too.
  Maybe just me as like a perpetually lazy kid  with weak chicken legs.
  I just got so tired always,  and did not wanna stand against those railings.
  So maybe I kinda did like impressions to France  for that reason, you could actually sit.
  This was not a movie that's all the way around you,  but it is five screens.
  200 degrees.
  200 degrees, yeah.
  So a little more than half.
  So you can look all the way to the side,  and there is stuff.
  And seemingly that was the intent,  that like, there's maybe even the thought  that this was going to be a 360 movie also,  but I think to make it a more elegant, stately affair,  where you could actually sit in a more traditional theater,  they opted for the five screens.
  360 like, I feel like in concept is better maybe  than execution.
  Like it's cool that you could look forward and back,  but it's like kind of, I don't know,  it's like kind of too much sometimes.
  It feels like if, what are you saying?  You're supposed to be looking, right?  Exactly.
  Everyone's always looking the same way,  and then you look behind you,  it's like, yeah, it's the scene that got away from me.
  Exactly.
  It is, yeah.
  It's, I mean, yeah, I would say that like,  there is a tradition of like,  in all the Disney parks and other places,  there's the movie attraction is always weird,  because you go to this place  and you're supposed to walk around,  and get in the thing where you just go in  and watch a movie basically.
  What's interesting to me about Impressions de France,  once again, the survivor,  the one that's been around the longest,  is it's not 3E, it's not a 360 movie,  it's kind of just a movie.
  It has lasted a long time.
  Which they don't often, yeah.
  Sort of like a Cinerama movie,  when they bring back Cinerama movies  at the Cinerama Dome here in LA,  in a technology which was the precursor  to IMAX movies and stuff like that.
  So it's like not just on a normal screen,  but it's a little less gimmicky than some other.
  Yeah, and I think it's, I mean, it is interesting.
  It's beautiful, you know, vistas and country sides,  and castles and abbeys.
  Like it is, I think, justified in why they did this.
  Though that begs the question,  why didn't they just do Cinerama?  Well, I would say the thing that,  as it occurred to me till now,  really the most similar,  I was opposite of a precursor,  thing after this that it reminds me of  is Soarin' Over California.
  A screen, it's scenes of a very specific place,  it's California, not France,  and it's just low concept.
  It's like there's not a lot of narration,  it's just cool and pretty to look at.
  And just cuts.
  I mean, this is obviously like suggest,  you're moving with thing, you're moving over hills,  you're moving in a lower, smaller scale too,  on like a cart.
  So like it's also kind of,  it's trying to do a little ride stuff as well.
  It just didn't have a theater or ride vehicle  that reacted with it yet.
  It mixes around the country,  you know, like it starts in the north,  and you go to the south,  and you go to Paris at the end.
  There's kind of like, you know, you could,  if you think about it,  you can kind of try to find like a little structure to it.
  For the most part, it's just like a nice,  almost 20 minutes long, just.
  Yeah.
  The first thing, I was rewatching this,  and the first thing I was like,  man, this looks better than like everything I watch now.
  This looks so good.
  Yeah, yeah.
  What great quality this is.
  Like I was like, I could watch this all day.
  Beautiful, yeah.
  It must've been so expensive to make.
  Yes.
  They didn't have,  like every one of those flying shots  had to be with a full like helicopter with,  what is it, five cameras,  dash to the bottom of it, I mean.
  Five cameras, and then like whatever mechanism  that you needed to sync it all up  and keep it all on the same level,  like technology had to be invented to be able to use.
  The old cameras,  like each one with like, you know,  its own film cartridge going  that had to be perfectly timed, I mean.
  Yeah, which aren't like,  shooting film remains very difficult,  I think was very difficult at the time.
  I listened to a podcast interview  with the director of this, Rick Harper,  who explains how they didn't really have  like a way to watch it.
  Like you couldn't,  like there was not a very good viewfinder  to see what you were even getting  while going to these like very hard to get through,  to get to settings and getting up on helicopters.
  Like he used the phrase,  or is it like a,  well we have the vibration detector.
  Like instead, you couldn't see  if it was level or shaking or not,  you just had to see is the vibration detector going off.
  It's real like NASA kind of stuff.
  That sounds fascinating.
  Like I'm, you know, in anticipation of doing this today,  I watched the great, it was a great YouTube,  you know, pretty high quality version of it.
  And I noticed a couple of things.
  One is that you can tell,  like they shot a few of the scenes on the same day  because they're,  the first thing you're on this kind of rocky coastline,  which according to Wikipedia is Normandy,  you know, like Northern France,  like on the coast that, you know,  but England and all that stuff.
  And then you see that landscape  and a couple other shots that aren't about that at all.
  Like, so there's these like fishermen walking  with like fishing crates and stuff.
  And you can see that the coast that we just saw  at the very beginning of the movie,  this is like halfway through in the background.
  There's a church on the top, on top of this cliff.
  And then I think a little bit after that,  there's this great shot of this old couple walking  along the rocky cliffs next to a church.
  That's that church.
  So line producer brain, you're like, oh, like they,  they got a bunch of pieces of it that day  while they had all their stuff there.
  And then they kind of, you know,  made it look like a bunch of different things.
  Sure, sure, sure.
  That's interesting.
  That would be interesting to see.
  And I assume there would be an appetite,  and I'm not being facetious.
  There would be an appetite to see like shot list  days for shooting of Impressions de France.
  And we could get like two episodes out of it  if we could find this.
  Yeah.
  Good thing I would bid on and spend a lot of money.
  Yeah, yeah, no kidding.
  It's crazy auction.
  Sure.
  I was just so delighted.
  Like even the smaller scale stuff,  like when I realized what the flower cart,  like it was like, oh, they just put the cameras on the cart.
  This is delightful.
  Like, this is so charming.
  Yeah, those little four grand flowers.
  It's pretty cute.
  There is like a nice,  like it's feeling nice, like slice of life feeling in this.
  And I was thinking like, I think it's, I don't know how,  I think it's pretty popular,  like trends on YouTube of just walking tours of cities.
  So like I've been, and I've been doing that.
  I've been watching like 20 minute videos  of people walking through Tokyo,  cause we went there a couple of years ago and we loved it.
  But I was like, well, this is just,  these are just longer form versions  of impressions de France.
  It's just the same, like it's the same,  but you're getting like snippets as opposed to like truly  like 40 minutes kind of getting lost and like,  oh, look at that's a street.
  Yeah, and it's long enough and you're out all day  in Florida, it's hot.
  And so you're in this little nice cool room for 20 minutes.
  It's very like, you know, really transports you.
  Yeah, it is.
  It's like a VR, it's precursor to VR in a way.
  With the wraparound?  I was drawing a parallel to like world's fair stuff.
  Like to me, it really reminds me of like  the great IMAX movies.
  Another thing that I love and IMAX movies were developed  for the Montreal Expo of 67.
  And, you know, yeah, it's like these movies that  these days we watch, you know, they'll have like, you know,  on PBS they'll show like flying over England  or something like that.
  But that style of movie was really designed to be,  to show off the technology.
  So it was like designed to show off new cameras  and the fact that you could attach a camera  to the bottom of an airplane.
  And, you know, it was designed to be experienced  in a special setting, like a theme park or a fair.
  Very good.
  Yeah.
  To go back to, actually to go back to Simpsons ride,  is that like, like, was that crazy for you to get to do?  Like, because that room is meant for,  it's a like pretty insane format that can only be done  in rooms like that.
  Yeah, it's an OmniMax screen.
  And OmniMax screen is a curved IMAX screen  in case people don't know.
  So like, it's why if you, you know,  these days when they'll show like, you know,  a normal movie like Dark Knight or whatever,  in an IMAX theater, they usually show it  in a normal IMAX screen because it's flat.
  Whereas an OmniMax screen is like the shape  of like contact lens.
  And so it kind of distorts a lot of the images,  but gives you the feeling of like being sucked  into the picture.
  But it's, that's the reason, for example,  the Simpsons ride couldn't be 3D,  which is a question we get a lot.
  You can't do a 3D OmniMax.
  Interesting.
  Just like,  Yeah, which is why Thorin is also Thorin over California.
  Right, right, right.
  Oh yeah, yeah, cause that's not 3D.
  It's an OmniMax.
  Yeah, same format.
  Right, right.
  Is that also why it's, the characters are,  it's all done in 3D as opposed to 2D,  where I imagine like doing the curvature  doesn't make any sense.
  I don't know how that, that's an interesting question.
  I don't remember why that decision was made.
  I guess it was like,  if you blew up 2D animation that big,  it wouldn't look immersive or something like that.
  It would just, it would be a lot of like big blocks  of like Homer Simpson's big yellow head.
  Oh sure.
  So like sort of oddly simple image.
  Like it needs dimension, I guess.
  It just inherently needs dimension.
  Like a 3D model needs, like if it's,  if something's 3D, it'll look like flat or something.
  This is an interesting tidbit that they,  the guys that were, that knew what they were doing  that helped us kind of come up with what happened  in the ride is that in one of those  where you want to simulate motion,  it's always better to have something  that you're flying behind.
  You're not just like kind of in a vacuum  looking out at a nice piece of scenery,  but if you're actually tracking something  that's in front of you, it's like, if you go in,  it's why in like the Avatar, quite a passage,  there's a, you're following another thing the whole time,  because it actually, your eye kind of like  looks at the thing ahead of you  and it draws your attention to the middle of screen  and kind of gives you, it helps sell the motion.
  So when you're like doing a,  you don't want to just like an IMAX screen.
  If you want it to feel like you're actually moving,  it helps to have like some kind of  Point.
  Some kind of moving thing in the middle of it.
  And so we tried to do, you know,  we had Maggie dragging you around,  and Sideshow Bob, and like all these different things.
  But 360 where you like, you flip all the way around  while Homer's is in your, like being dragged by a rope  or something, that's a really amazing part.
  That was, I believe the first time that had ever been done  in one of those simulator rides,  it was one of the things they were like,  oh, let's try to do a barrel roll.
  Oh wow.
  A parody of like Waterworld stunt show.
  And actually, I thought it was pretty convincing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Real quick while we're back,  were there any other bigger blue sky things you were like,  oh, I wish we could have done this,  or like we had this on the drawing board  and it didn't quite work?  This is long enough now.
  Hopefully none of this is stuff that would get me in trouble.
  But a big constraint we had was that we only had some  of the cast initially.
  And so that was why we ended up coming around  on a Sideshow Bob story,  because we didn't have like Harry Shearer,  who was gonna, you know, who's most of the like,  the adversaries like Mr.
 Burns,  which would like drive a theme parky type of story,  where you'd went like, you know,  Mr.
 Burns is trying to kill you or whatever.
  We were kind of limited.
  Luckily we got Kelsey Grammer,  who's Sideshow Bob wanted to do it.
  So that was sort of the thinking behind that,  which I think was great.
  I mean, he's a very kind of theme park energy,  and he's such a great voice actor.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I, there's a short story by this writer named  Stephen Milhauser, he's one of my favorite writers.
  He wrote a short story called Paradise Park,  in I think the collection is called The Knife Thrower,  that is always one of my favorite short stories.
  And it's about like a guy who creates a theme park  that's like so messed up that it starts to be dangerous  and starts to kill people.
  That was actually a thing that I brought and was like,  let's try to do this.
  Let's have Sideshow Bob messes with the theme park  so that it's broken.
  And you're going through these different things  that are parodies of different things,  like Disneyland and Universal,  but it's all falling apart around you.
  That was the initial idea.
  So like the fact that, I mean, really,  which was just a vehicle for me, honestly,  to do, to like create little parodies of like,  fun theme parks.
  And then there's this guy, Scott Trowbridge,  Disney Imagineer, he like, he did a Galaxy's Edge,  charged with that program.
  He was the, he was our like head guy at Universal at the time.
  He took that idea and kind of like helped us say,  okay, here's what that could look like.
  It could be a thing that's kind of like part of the Caribbean  and we could do a big fall.
  And, you know, he helped us like beat it out into a reel.
  Oh, and like what they can, like, here's the, like,  the gags, so here's the stuff we know we can pull off.
  Yeah, and it's like things that we could sell with motion.
  So it's like, it's good to like,  and you could, you don't want it to be the same thing  time and again.
  So like you should do a thing where you're going backwards  and you should do a thing where it's like fall  and a thing where we can spray water at you  and stuff like that.
  But then I think, Grating or somebody was like, well, hey,  you know, people are going to want to go to Springfield.
  Yeah.
  That's like getting to sort of fly through Springfield,  like the opening credits.
  Oh, yeah.
  It could be a big thing for people.
  So that ended up influencing us and became like  the second half of the ride is like,  Maggie drags you through town and you know, you do all this.
  I remember the first time going on, I feel like,  it certainly didn't occur to me,  oh, I wish I was doing Springfield stuff,  but when there's that reveal and you sit suddenly feels  like the opening sequence, you are like, oh, right,  we can do this stuff.
  And you start to wonder like,  will there be kind of a couch scene sort of thing?  And then.
  Yeah, that was cool.
  It was a really good idea.
  It was a real like, hey, do what people want.
  Like, you know, it was like a service moment of like,  oh, like, oh yeah, have your fun with like parodies  of like your own up your butt,  like favorite moments from theme park history,  but like,  They like to see the quickie mark.
  Yeah, I'm glad.
  People do want to see the things they like.
  I was going to be slow.
  It was just a period of each scene from World of Motion.
  Like it was.
  Mm hmm.
  Oh, that's the version we didn't get to make,  but you know, okay, fine.
  People flying through Springfield.
  Okay.
  It's funny that you bring up like the theme park trope  of like, oh, something has gone wrong  because I feel like in literature,  like specifically thinking of like George Saunders  stories about theme parks,  like the big one that I think of,  it's literally called Civil War Land in Bad Decline.
  Like they, I always wonder, it's like, wait,  do you realize that like,  the stories are always about theme parks falling apart  or something going wrong.
  It's like, do you know this is like a main like plot point  at a lot of theme park rides,  whether you're criticizing it intentionally or not.
  Yeah, we knew that or not.
  Yeah, I mean, I would say that like,  they actually adapted it into a great ride called  Grand Fiesta Tour in Sad Decline,  which is a great right now.
  They have not won.
  Cool of them to just like low key do that  and not like announce it as like a big George Saunders thing,  but that's pretty cool of them.
  Yes.
  You know what they're doing.
  I don't know that it would get them  a MacArthur Genius Grant like he received.
  But I think there's something,  there's like a postmodern turn that rides had  in like the nineties.
  Like when people are like, people are sick of like,  his rides are cheesy.
  Like it's just like,  no one wants to just like ride through,  you know, a bunch of little dolls singing at you  or whatever it's like, yes, that's all anyone wants.
  But the guys that got too clever  and everything had to be like, you think it's this,  but then it's this other thing.
  You know, it's a twist, like the ride breaks.
  And I mean, this is what,  just describing what we did on this.
  But like that was its own trend that burned out.
  And what I like about things like,  you know, at the end of that area,  you have something like Soaring Over California,  which is like, there's no concept.
  It's just like, there's no, there's no,  oh no, the glider is gonna crash into Yosemite or whatever.
  It's just the thing.
  It's just a fun experience.
  It's like of a piece.
  It's not reminding you that this is like,  cause I think that rides work better  when they're not big complicated stories.
  It's like, you're gonna follow stuff,  but like no one's like, oh man, I wish,  or I don't think they are.
  Like I wish Pirates of the Caribbean  was more like about tracking characters and stuff.
  And when they do that, it's like lame.
  It's, you know, it's like a song.
  You don't want, you ever listen to like a story song?  When it was like eight minute, like Johnny Cash things,  you're like, ugh.
  Right?  You hear it once, it's fine.
  You know what happens.
  A guy like shoots a guy and gets hung or whatever.
  It's just like the songs you listen to a million times,  the more vague, they're just like a general  to give you a feeling.
  And I feel like that,  that is another thing about Impressions of France.
  It's not a story, it's just a feeling.
  Yeah, I mean, we were talking,  we've talked about like, especially pre-shows  and like Avatar and Plight of Passage is awesome.
  But the pre-show, there's like three rooms  and there's just so much explanation of what you're doing  and why you're standing there and what they're scanning you  for and what you're gonna, versus like Big Thunder  where it's like, here we go, we're riding a train.
  And then it's all, then once you get on the ride itself,  it's unbelievable.
  You're gonna play a passage, but there's no story at all.
  You're just flying around, it's great.
  Right, you sort of didn't need to know any of that.
  I'm not sure any of that.
  I think it's like, they just want to give you something  to do because the line is long.
  And so they have like, they make you sit in three rooms.
  We did this, there's two full pre-shows on The Simpsons  for the same reason.
  It's like, they divide you into little groups  so that you can go into a place and like,  you don't have to sort that all out at the last,  it's all like crowd management.
  I wish they would just put up a blank screen  and you just look at your phone or something.
  Well, this is.
  Dinosaur, oh, you got two movies about this  and you're going to look at dinosaurs.
  Yeah, but The Simpsons feels like,  I mean, The Simpsons has that, the ride,  you guys have that narrative, a little of like,  Bob and everything, but also it's just like,  the pre-show room is you get to see Patty and Selma  in a booth goofing, like everyone's goofing around  versus you're getting information shouted at you  that's like important.
  Danny Chun, one time Simpsons writer  at the office, bunch of her stuff,  he was sort of in charge of that part of the writing.
  And it was, yeah, it was fun to do that.
  It was like picking the characters.
  It did give us, I will say like,  the script for the whole ride ended up being  about 35 pages long, maybe the ride script,  and we just write the final draft, like a normal script,  but the ride itself is maybe seven pages long,  but then, there's like 20, there's two full long,  there's more than a full Simpsons episode  worth of writing and animation in the pre-show  to that ride because.
  There's several rooms and all the characters.
  Yeah, but that one is also, it was like,  we were kind of stuck with the infrastructure  back in the future, so it was like,  you couldn't just like change the structure  of the rooms and stuff, you knew like,  okay, we need something that's exactly the same length  as this thing, and then you have to go into this room.
  Oh yeah, did you have to watch like this dock and biff thing  and go, okay, so it's gotta be sort of equivalent to this,  at least time and maybe feel like.
  The timing was more important,  like, because whatever the timing of the ride was,  that's the key thing, it was like four minutes.
  You have to, each of the things before that  has to be exactly that length  so that everything can turn over at the same time.
  I'm sure that flight of passage is the same way,  but like, whatever the length of time is,  it takes to get all the people in and like,  sit in the things and stick their head in the hole.
  You've gotta cover that.
  Just the length of the ride has to be  the exact length of the pre-show or whatever.
  Which is maybe why Avatar is so crazy.
  Yeah.
  It's a complicated.
  Plus, hopefully they're hosing down those little glory holes  you stick your head in or whatever.
  Oh yeah, because right now, yes.
  Give them 10 seconds to do something.
  Can you believe people are doing that right now?  Like, there's people on that ride  as we're all holed up in our places forever.
  Well, and you'll be happy to know  they've recently increased capacity, so you know.
  How weird is it right now to go into one of those rooms  where they're scanning you for viruses or germs?  You all have it.
  You all have it.
  Shake off, move your body around a little bit.
  Yeah, move your body around.
  Some of you are asymptomatic.
  Now we can't tell which of them.
  Yeah, that's odd, that's odd, I'll say.
  You can go do that right now if you want.
  Right now.
  But, impressions of France, you can spread out a little.
  You know, it's a theater, the Palais du Cinema.
  It's probably not full.
  I'm a big, remember movie theaters, you go, remember that?  Yes.
  Kinda.
  For the audience, doesn't remember that.
  These would be a thing pre-COVID,  you go to a movie theater and watch things.
  Impressions of France,  because it doesn't have a lot of dialogue,  is it has that phenomenon you get in movie theaters  when you're there during the day  and there's a lot of old people,  they want to talk through the whole thing.
  So I would say that like, even in particular,  there's something about sitting down,  you're watching the nice scenery,  maybe there's an old lady that speaks a few words of French,  she wants to use them,  she wants to impress the other old people  that she's with in the movie.
  It was one of the most talked through  film experiences you can have,  to the point where I'm a big guy,  I'm a big, drives my wife crazy,  I'll just get up, I'll move.
  Like, I'm not a shusher, I just very showily get up,  walk down, move a couple rows back,  maybe I'll make a big, ugh, or whatever.
  I do that, yeah, I know it's great.
  I'll do it multiple times in the same,  in the Impressions of France theater,  it's nice as it's a big, not usually that packed,  bad news for the movie, probably going away someday.
  But I will move around multiple times  to get away from the like, oh, that's Paris.
  That's, that's no good.
  You know, it's like, everyone wants to show off  that they went to Paris one time or whatever.
  God bless, I get it, but it's a new experience.
  Yeah.
  That kind of goes, I mean, really,  I think we've mostly talked about it  on the Haunted Mansion episode,  people that want to talk, that's a different thing,  talking along with it, but I think in general,  all three of us are no talking, don't talk, please don't.
  And I think that's controversial,  and I remember us saying that,  and I think some people were like, but I like to talk.
  I like to do it.
  Like three minutes.
  I don't want to, you know, yuck anyone's yum here.
  Like, I want to talk great, I'm just,  as long as this theater is big enough that I can move.
  Sure.
  And go nuts.
  Yeah, and I don't think people were talking about like,  oh, I want to talk along to Impressions de France.
  I think that's probably a smaller amount of people  that want to mention.
  Oh, another thing, I don't know that anybody's ever,  I was watching again,  just seeing maybe jumped out of me.
  Has anybody ever noticed that?  I'm pretty sure that they had to like paint out  of ladies boobs in a scene.
  Huh.
  A scene where you're on a dock going,  it's on like the French Riviera,  and there's a bunch of sunbathers.
  You can't really see it on the YouTube,  but it always jumped out at me in the theater.
  There's a woman in the kind of, I would say like,  facing the screen, upper left hand,  laid out on a thing,  wearing a blue bathing suit that is clearly painted in later.
  Like she was clearly just a woman top, it's France, right?  I mean, that's part of the French experience.
  Topless lady, young woman, just a blue block.
  Like, like, like an old, you know,  an old computer graphics thing where you just like  draw a little outline of something  and fill it in with a blue paint can  to cover up this nice young ladies.
  Hmm.
  Does it wobble when it moves?  Does it like not follow exactly?  I tried to see it today on the 4K, whatever YouTube  video someone took, and you can't,  I know where it is though, I know where to look for it,  but it doesn't, it won't jump out at you.
  If you see it in the theater,  have a listener, someone go rush to the theater, be safe.
  The woman you will see is blue,  like a bright blue block where nudity was supposed to be.
  Wow.
  Huh, I mean, I'm glad they got.
  The woman on the beach listening, let us know.
  Oh yes.
  We'll have her on.
  If you're hearing this, I'm glad they got that  because Topless sunbathing, I feel like,  is a national pastime for France,  just like smoking cigarettes and having toured affairs.
  And those they can't really put into this movie.
  There's a wedding in this movie,  I guess because there's a big abbey in this movie,  the abbey that's hard to access.
  In the back of my mind, I think I used that wedding reception  in the France movie as an image I wanted  during my actual wedding.
  I remember asking for the lighting,  and I wanted the lighting to look exactly like that,  where it's outside, there's string lights over it,  everybody's having a nice time.
  It felt, yeah, it's very like, and very like.
  Like obviously, I'm a big fan of this thing.
  I will say one thing, I don't think I've ever,  I don't think this is like on the Wikipedia page  or anything for this Simpsons episode.
  I used, I pulled a music cue from Impressions to France  and used it in a Simpsons episode.
  It's in the episode, a totally fun thing,  Bart will never do again,  which is the episode where Simpsons going to cruise.
  And I'm sure, let me see the way you look at that.
  The song is called Rondo by Francois Adrian Blaldu.
  I pray the most obscure song in Impressions to France,  I would have liked it.
  There's a scene where they're going on a cruise  and we had this really dramatic shot flying over cruise ship  to show how cool it is.
  And I was like, oh, this is like that scene  where they're flying over the castle in Impressions to France.
  I was like, I want that exact song.
  This was great, this is another real,  I can't believe this happening moment.
  Because the Simpsons that time  was scored by a live orchestra.
  They had to actually find the music, get the orchestra,  and it's a really hard song too.
  So it's a really challenging piece of classical music.
  And so they had to learn it.
  And then later in the episode, the cruise ship, it goes bad.
  They're stuck on it for a really long time.
  And so they do another flyover  where it looks to compare it to earlier.
  And the composer redid that song from the France movie  is like a janky, like messed up version  to show crappy instruments.
  Whoa.
  Check it out.
  Geez, that's amazing.
  And also, did you just manage to break a piece of trivia  that is not archived by Simpsons fans online?  I don't think so.
  I don't think anybody.
  That might be the only piece of info  that people don't know like that.
  Did you get to go watch the orchestra do it?  I didn't see that one.
  I had been there other times.
  It was cool.
  They would just like, they didn't like do it right next  to where we were writing.
  So we didn't.
  I think at one time I went to go see it.
  Since then they've stopped doing it  because it was unbelievable.
  The only shows ever that would do this  were Lost and the Simpsons.
  And it's just like you picture in a movie,  like a giant sound stage with the whole orchestra  and like everything.
  It was really cool.
  Yeah.
  I guess over 30 years of Simpsons,  they got enough music cues now  that they don't need a bunch of new ones.
  That's fair.
  Are there any other little theme park tidbits  you've snuck in in other places that people wouldn't know?  In that scene, that was the last episode  I wrote for the Simpsons.
  It was sort of my place to try to pack in  all the things that I liked.
  I don't think it really worked.
  I did try to put, there's a thing where they're stuck.
  Once again, they're stuck on a cruise ship for a long time.
  They think the world has been destroyed by a viral outbreak.
  So very prescient.
  Not so prescient that I thought a cruise ship  would be the safest place to be.
  Oh yeah, right.
  Where the episode goes.
  But in the episode, Lisa decides like medieval monks  like preserve culture for the posterity  now that the world is gone.
  And so there is a part where you pan across  a bunch of monks and I showed them the monks  in Spatial Birth and I said,  I wanted to look like this and I want one of the monks  to be asleep on the book.
  I want it to look exactly like Spatial Birth.
  And they were just like, eh.
  I have 10 frogs.
  At a certain point, I think they're right.
  At a certain point, they were like, hey man,  enough with this.
  Satisfying fetishes essentially.
  Yeah.
  Wait, they're an orchestra to play a song  from Impressions de France.
  God, that's amazing.
  This is making me think about though,  there was this, there's a certain timeframe  of Simpsons episodes where there's some  California adventure digs in there.
  Was that you?  No, no, that was Al Jean.
  He's like, he really, I think it comes from a place of love.
  He had it really in for any time.
  He was, back in the day, there were a lot of Euro Disney.
  Al really, I think he held the Eisner era  to a very high standard and was disappointed  when it fell short, I guess is the one way to put it.
  Because he loves Disneyland, but just like,  the other, lesser imitations of Disney parks is enough for him.
  Interesting.
  Not wrong, I know what he's saying.
  Real quick, I'll say I did search and see  how many listeners we may have from France.
  Oh yes.
  Because we can do that on our analytics.
  And I believe, this is I think just in the last month,  this is like amount of listens,  I think we might have 43 listeners.
  Wow.
  That's not bad, yeah.
  One of them is gonna be a guy from this,  who's in the movie, like the guy with the grapes  on his head or like somebody.
  The topless woman.
  The topless woman with the grapes on his head,  the groom, so many.
  Yeah, there's a lot of people, a lot of possibilities.
  So yeah, if you were in it and you're alive still,  tell us your story.
  If you are a listener from France,  do you think the French Pavilion should be the one place  in park in Walt Disney World where you could still  smoke cigarettes, like in the pastry shop,  in the movie theater?  I mean, I'm just saying, like limited time magic maybe.
  Nude sunbathing, like they have a more French experience  when you're there.
  Sure.
  Do it in the courtyard, you drop the kids  around the corner at Ratatouille.
  I mean, I'm optimistic for Ratatouille,  because I think when they do insert character,  or when they do put more intellectual properties  into the parks, I think usually when they start  from scratch, it's more successful.
  And it seems like they've done a good job  at matching the architecture of the French Pavilion.
  And I'm just thrilled that they left the movie in place.
  Yes.
  That's what I was worried about.
  They did, I looked it up on the app,  your current option to see the movie,  you have a small window from 630 to 745.
  So I guess that's three showings,  four maybe if they squeeze.
  That's true, because they have.
  Yeah.
  This is it guys, this is the last date.
  We need to get people in there to get some different style  or something, this is not looking good.
  But they just up converted it to 4K.
  So, I mean, that's the nice thing about shooting on film,  it's easier to up convert.
  I see which way the wind is blowing here.
  I mean, maybe it's the kind of thing where they do a special,  the way they bring back the California movie,  in the theater where it's usually soaring around the world.
  It could be that kind of thing.
  I always think that they have all these movies  that they've banked over the years  that they could bring back and people would like them,  maybe, maybe no one cares.
  It's unclear what you do with them,  your magic journey.
  Magic journey, there's all these old weird.
  It would be nice, yeah, just like, I mean, in this spot,  I mean, it seems easy enough to just put a different movie in.
  So yeah, it would be nice in different,  like a theater like this to show,  I mean, not this France one,  but like in a place in the parks to be able to show old stuff  once in a while.
  I mean, it's like they have retro nights at Disneyland and.
  I mean, they easily, pretty easily brought back Captain EO back.
  And, you know, they can, they can.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  So they can convert, you know, the new French Mandalorian  goes to France short into this later at night  for 30 minutes once in a while.
  Yeah, because they actually bring back,  like, I don't know if the audience is familiar with this.
  There's some really weird.
  Theme park movies they used to make, like if you ever watched Magic Journeys,  it is one of the weirdest and this was in a theme park.
  It is one of the weirds, like fever green, like acid trip, bizarre, spooky.
  Sort of dark and scary.
  It was a 3D movie.
  It was an imagination.
 It was all over the place.
  I remember as a kid being like, even as a kid, I was like,  I don't want to be an adult anymore.
  This is what is what is this?  There was like a movie called Symbiosis that they showed it.
  It was in the land.
  Yeah.
 What was it?  What happened in Symbiosis?  It was the thing that preceded the like Timon and Pumbaa movie.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Where the carpeted wall is kind of.
  Anyway, it was a really scary movie about like pollution and,  you know, the environment being destroyed and so like  there's all these movies that, you know, there's at least a couple of weirdos out there that would.
  Yeah.
 I need to see them.
  Throw them up in like the Odyssey or something.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, right.
  That's perf.
 That seems good.
  Unless they're going to demolish it.
  But yeah, if that would be a great spot for you, you get through the journey theater also.
  Which you what if they just like said by day like like at 1030,  we're showing Magic Journeys at 12, we're showing Symbiosis.
  You just like shuffled all the if they're going to bring back retro Epcot,  just make that the retro Epcot.
  Yeah, I would be there in a heartbeat.
  Yeah.
 And they did it in California Adventure.
  They stuck Seasons of the Vine into the Blue Sky Cellar for a little while.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  And they remember correctly, they had seasons of the vine  featuring our friend Jeremy Irons, a dark look at a year in California winemaking.
  It was it was in the Body Wars building.
  During the Food and Wine Festival, they would say they do.
  They bring these things back sometimes.
  There's some venue repurposing.
  Were you saying, Mike?  Oh, I was just saying, I just I just quickly Googled also Magic Journeys.
  And I you're like it is bringing back.
  I do remember this.
  And it's like this evil is like an evil circus in it.
  Well, it is so weird.
  Yeah.
 Maybe the weirdest thing that's ever been an attraction  at Disney theme park, you can watch the whole things on YouTube.
  It's disturbing.
  Epcot is so we've talked about this in our Epcot.
  So it's so traumatizing for kids.
  And it's so odd.
  And it's so it's like they were trying to do so much different  that they just got.
 Yeah.
  I think I was thinking about like, what, you know, why?  Why do I still years later still care about it?  But you know, as a kid in Ohio, it.
  You forget that Epcot is fancy.
  It's like it's the fancy theme park for fancy boys and fancy girls like you go.
  I was a fancy little boy.
  I wanted to go and you learn about France and you see all these different countries.
  And like it really affected me.
  Like it's the futuristic part definitely affected me my whole life.
  You know, I still like I'm like my dream house is like  the house and horizon, like the city apartment that the grandparents live in.
  I'm like, that's what I show real estate is what I want.
  Like it affects you when you're a kid and these things stick with you.
  And like and I think that like the world showcase part of it,  it's like all these kids all over the country, you know,  making fun of like, oh, Apcasio, lame or whatever.
  But like I think a certain percentage of kids go there  and it messes with their brain and they're like, I want to go to all these countries.
  I want I want this kind of fancy experience as an adult.
  Yeah, I think you have to be like  because I liked Epcot a lot as a kid.
  I like I probably was not that into World Showcase.
  I was probably like I needed some stimuli.
  Yeah, same movie.
  Yeah, like a movie wasn't going to have pleasantness is like, oh, OK, yeah, yeah.
  But I can.
 Where's the robot?  Where? Show me the robot.
  But it definitely it definitely feels like a a field trip.
  Some of it feels like a field trip.
  And that's a good thing as you get older  because you just want a nice, pleasant experience.
  And it is, hey, it is fun to learn, actually.
  I like to learn here and there.
  If I remember it, that's a different story.
  But it is I'm sure it's a specific type of kid that goes to Epcot.
  And all of you, you know, having been to some of the countries  that the Epcot is based on, that some of the experience are very,  very similar to really being like if you go to a gift shop in the Japan  Pavilion, that is very much like being in actual Japan.
  Like that is like there's plenty of stores that have that feel like  if you're just from a normal town in America, it's it's a pretty good simulation  of being in some of these places.
  And at the very least, like it'll give you a little bug where you're like,  OK, when I grow up, I'm sure I want to go to.
  Have you also then been annoyed by like  there's like the the feeling of like, well, World Showcase,  it's just plastic Europe, like why, you know, avoid the like go to the real thing.
  Why would you not? And I feel like people know what World Showcase  Yeah, it's like watching a movie and be like, that's a set.
  That's not it's like, yeah, that's what it is.
  Yeah, I'm trying to like get you to not travel  if anything, they want you to travel the world after you don't think you're a cave  man that thinks you've gone through a time for France like.
  Yeah, it's also like, yeah, go to Europe.
  That's a very theme park experience to the real one.
  It's like, you know.
  It also discounts that like there's there's also like dumb stuff  to do in Europe and Japan and stuff like it's as if it's all a cultural  enriching experience.
  Like that's why I go to the places for the dumb stuff  mixed with some enriching stuff.
 Right.
  This is reminding me all this talk about like the moot,  you know, impressions to France is so ethereal.
  It really does remind me a lot of like early like in film school,  they would show us like not not exactly kundun,  but like stuff like that, where it's like this is a movie made of just visuals  and and music, visuals and audio.
  And you can tell a story with visuals and audio.
  And I'm now realizing like I was like, OK, yeah, got it.
  Sounds good.
 This feels very familiar to me.
  And I'm wondering if that's because I watched all these Epcot movies  so many times as opposed to like some classmates who are like,  I can't wrap my head around that.
  Like the issue of travel, I mean, I mean, like, you know,  there's all this.
  There was a great one I saw recently that I I'm sure there's some sort of  like connection to like some of the people who worked on one Epcot movie.
  It was the first IMAX movie, which was in the if you look at pictures of the  the big Buckminster Fuller sphere at the Montreal Expo in 1967.
  It's still up is an IMAX theater.
  It was built for that World's Fair.
  The first IMAX theater.
  Ever made, I think in this movie, it's called North of Superior.
  It's just like a tour of Canada, like forests and stuff.
  Anyway, you can say it's on YouTube.
  They posted like a Toronto Film Festival,  did a retrospective of the directors and it's all there.
  It's it's it is so the DNA of this sort of grand spectacle.
  You know, soaring music and flying around  that I think probably goes back  to like travelogue movies from the early days of movies when it was just like a way  to get to see a place that you'd never been before.
  One of the earliest uses of movies was to just,  you know, show you stuff you couldn't see otherwise.
  Thank you.
 Yeah.
  Which you sort of take for granted with stuff like this,  with these early Epcot movies, like how that.
  Yeah, like it travel wasn't as easy and technology wasn't as advanced.
  And now that cameras can be very small and get to obscure places  like to do the work and to take a 500 pound rig  up into the sky or into a balloon or into the Eiffel Tower.
  Like, yeah, there's an appeal to this.
  I think that feels very National Geographic or like that.
  You know, it's still cool to watch now, but you have to think about how in 82  it was like really remarkable and truly taking people to places  they maybe couldn't go.
  Well, it does follow like the Disney nature or Disney's  like travel log.
  I feel like Disney doesn't.
  It's like almost as an afterthought.
  They dump this like archive stuff on Disney Plus.
  We're like, yeah, we have National Geographic to we bought that.
  But it's like, well, that's kind of was one of your core things for a long time.
  And I think I think that they won like Oscars and stuff for the short movies.
  Oh, yeah, the Earth Day,  the short ones and then the Earth Day ones that they put out every year.
  But like back in the 50s and late 40s,  oh, yes, we innovated all this like camera.
  Now, I think Seal Island or like some old Disney movie won in Oscar.
  There's a really messed up one.
  I think it's on Disney Plus.
  Some someone posted there.
  It's it's called Perry.
  It's a narrative live action about the life of a squirrel in the forest.
  Pretty good.
 But there's a thing that is one of the trippiest,  weirdest things where the squirrel has a dream.
  And you actually shoot in live action.
  The squirrel going through like a fantasy  sequence of like crazy dream stuff, but with a real squirrel.
  Check it out.
  Well, it's great.
  But it's like the ways that they combine like near they still found like weird  Disney ish ways to.
  Zazz up like a documentary that's just like animals walking around.
 They think.
  This is by far the weirdest.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 I think is the name of it.
  Check it.
 It's.
  Well, in the time, I think it's on Disney.
  I saw it in like Turner Classic one time.
  They did when they used to do those like obscure Disney thing.
  Just sitting there with no indication that it's bizarre and has a squirrel.
  I mean, you don't watch the whole thing.
  You sit through a lot of just like a squirrel eating a nut and all that stuff,  which, yeah, God bless that you think.
  But there's a dream sequence about two thirds of the way through.
  It was like a Wanda vision of its day with a trippy.
  Very nice.
  Can I point out something?  So though we've we've been talking about how this thing is very like impressionistic  and it's, you know, mainly music and visuals.
  There is sparing narration.
  Let's not forget about that.
  You do have my friends wakes up at the  which is a little card to decipher in the YouTube clips.
  Some of the narration, the accents a little thick and, you know,  an iPhone or a GoPro is not the best way to capture.
  Sort of impossible by the time it's translated several mediums.
 Yeah.
  Here's something that I was wondering.
  Me not being a terribly cultured person, I was thinking like, well, is this  whoever's narrating this is probably like one of the great French actors.
  Right.
 And I'm a fool for not knowing who it is.
  And then I looked up the name Claude Gaube.
  And I'm like, well, of course, he's probably I'm going to look at this IMDb  and there's going to be a hundred entries and this is going to go and go and go.
  And how could I not know the great Gaube?  It turns out that this is one of only two credits for this actor.
  And the other credit is a film from 1977.
  The film is called Chatterbox.
  This is a film mainly starring Rip Taylor.
  And it is a movie Chatterbox refers to.
  There is a woman who, after an unsatisfying sexual encounter,  her vagina comes to life and reviews the performance of the man.
  And you follow the, you know, the really the rise in fame of her vagina.
  Virginia, the talking vagina.
 Wow.
  I was not familiar with Chatterbox before that.
  And we're like, we've got the guy.
  Disney.
 The only one way we have all the great French actors lined up.
  But only the guy who plays  only the guy who plays the Maider D  with two lines in Chatterbox, the talking vagina movie.
  Rip Taylor had a conflict, so they could not get him.
  I guess so.
  I and it really is just like the woman comes in.
  Can I have a tail over to? Yes.
  Wait a minute.
 Are you the owner of Virginia, the talking vagina?  It's truly that's all it is.
  So Claude Gaube, one of the stranger filmography's club.
  Gaube.
 Very interesting.
  Mm hmm.
 And check out several Perry and Chatterbox.
  Chatterbox, which is on Amazon Prime, actually, as is a lot of bizarre old junk.
  So what is it? What a double feature.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Plan a little night for yourself.
  Was that the only time that talking vagina character appeared?  Or did they spend his vagina off at all or into other  in into Virginia Vision or some vagina?  So they've been magic during the circus.
  OK, is a brief caveat.
  I do want to mention some of the soundtrack stuff.
  And I OK, there is you met  Matt, you mentioned the kind of obscure song in the soundtrack.
  There is a song that recurs in the soundtrack.
  And I looked at the name because I never knew the name of this song.
  And it is called Aquarium from the suite  the Carnival of Animals by I'm going to try Camille Saint-Saens.
  And I just know it as the spooky wonder music.
  Like it doesn't play after the Amblin logo,  but it plays after people's movies who have been called like the next Spielberg.
  Like every kid's movie of like.
  Yeah, we use it in the beach.
  It's a very common here.
  It is very spooky.
 It's a great song.
  Yeah.
 And it's it's great in this.
  I mean, but I just couldn't.
  I was like, oh, my God, that song.
  I immediately just had to react.
  Every kind of like the Indian in the cupboard kind of children's movie,  I feel like at some point uses that song.
  Yeah, there's there's another one.
  It's once again, I don't speak French.
  Sorry, guys.
  Gymnopdie by Eric Satie is in there.
  That's in a ton of movies like the versions in Impressions of France is like.
  I think orchestrated where it's a piano song,  but it's in like Royal Tenenbaum, and it's in so many different things.
  The songs at the end of this movie,  I remember hearing somewhere, I'm like, oh, where's that from?  And then I put it together.
 It's the song.
  It's it's the public, the organ symphony or something in the original version.
  But it the melody of it is the theme from BAPE.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  So it's like over the end of Impressions of France, there is this like organ song.
  It's like really built to a big climax, and they show all these different cool shots.
  But I've turned on all the stuff that like a low key version of that song is that  I'm pretty sure the theme from BAPE.
  Well, that's crazy.
  Or news a lot or maybe the BAPE in the city.
  One of the BAPE.
 Right, right.
  The the the same song, if I'm saying it sort of right.
  I didn't I didn't realize until I looked it up.
  I never put this together that it's the it's a version of that is the melody  from the the Space Mountain Dick Dale version.
  That's what he's that's what he's playing.
  Wow.
  Right.
 Another great piece of theme park music.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It's like it's certainly like rearranged enough.
  You'd never put that together.
  But yeah, it's like the it's a carnival vibe, I guess.
  So these different.
  The the soundtrack notable to for the way Buddy Baker arranged it.
  He did a lot of a number of Disney projects, some of the animated movies.
  It's the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra  playing these arrangements at Abbey Road Studios.
  Yeah.
 And it was the this.
  There's a few.
  Titles are honorary things that impressions to France hold.
  This is the first movie.
  Let me get this right.
  This is the first movie with a digital soundtrack  recorded from beginning to end on a digital record.
  Like there were only two  Sony digital recorders in the world,  and they got the one from Los Angeles to Abbey Road Studios to record this.
  Whoa.
 OK.
  Oh, which I guess is just part of the like technology boom that was going on  because they wanted to show off so much technology like in all these movies.
  They've got so yeah, there's a lot at their disposal.
  That's pretty crazy.
  The other the other title it holds from the Guinness World Records  people, this is the again, very specific.
  This is the longest running daily screening of a film in the same theater.
  Hmm.
 Oh, wow.
  I guess what else would it be?  I mean, is anything ever going to beat it?  I had 35 years, I believe, like 80.
  They're counting 82 to 2017, I think, when it shut down.
  Sing Along with Belle will, you know, in the 20 80s or something like that.
  It's there to stay.
  Well, let's wait.
 Let's talk about that because the yeah.
  So they have started during the day, mostly you go and it is this  Beauty and the Beast Sing Along thing.
  Has anybody done it for any reason or learned what it is?  I have not done it.
 I have not since they allowed it in.
  Yeah, since it invaded.
  It invaded.
 Frey let the wolf in the head.
  We all know each story.
  It's like the newcomer comes and, you know, bad, you know, slowly,  slowly takes away the spotlight until  until the presence of France  washed, you know, walks into the ocean and drowns death.
  It's it's it's an odd.
  I looked it up and it's like they did get new voiceover from Angela Lansbury,  who kind of steps you through the story quickly, but it's this bizarre  reimagining of the story where Lefou,  a Gaston's friend, was the secret like guardian angel behind everything  and was like helping bring Beauty and the Beast together.
  Like, oh, like he like helps in the kitchen during the our guest.
  And he I seem to maybe like sows or at least like gets the dress  ready, the famous yellow dress, the Rosencrantz and Guildenstern kind of thing.
  Oh, I guess so.
 Yeah.
  You didn't see like the true.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Apparently, which is interesting, but also not by.
  But Lefou is evil, right?  I mean, I guess maybe that's it's made it's made to make you question  your feelings on Lefou.
  This little applet.
  Does he make them fall in love?  Like, does he send a romantic letters to each of them  from his own perspective to try to get them to get like  he might just like, hey, it kind of like nudges them.
  Maybe he might like whisper in their ears in a Cyrano fashion.
  I'm not sure.
  The video I watch is very confusing.
  It just like only shows you the Lefou parts.
  It's a Lefou supercut.
  So I really couldn't make heads or tails of what was going on most of the time.
  It sounds bad.
  That sounds bad.
  And thankfully, the video cut out any time anyone started singing  is the little bits that I heard of like a bunch, like several tired parents  singing, there's something sweet.
  I don't really want to see that kind of uncool that they didn't bring  Paul Goubet first of another credit, you know?  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  He's the spirit of that theater.
  And we know his versatility like Wonder Woman 84.
  They bring, you know, just as a courtesy, they bring it back for one.
  Right.
 One line.
  Yeah.
 Post credits.
 Post credits.
  Goubet.
 He's a Mater De now at the Beast's Castle and has been ever since  his encounter with Virginia, the Talking Vagina.
  I did not know they made an original.
  I just assumed it would be the set pieces of the movie with little animated  transitions or little cards in between like.
  But it's a little more than that.
  Interesting.
 But yeah, a little more than that.
  But it seems to lean lean towards are more like, well, that's complicated.
  Like, oh, yeah.
 Oh, Yago actually is the hero of Aladdin.
  Didn't you know? Yago helped.
  Yeah.
 It's like I thought that story went a little too neatly.
  There was somebody behind the scenes.
  Yeah.
 And then that was obviously the villain sidekick.
  He's the one who helped.
 Yeah.
  Turtle Talk with Crush reveals that Crush both  disappeared Nemo and helped him come back.
  So he was playing both sides.
  Yeah.
 Like Yo Jimbo, like Fistful of Dollars.
  He was playing both sides.
  Makes sense.
  Well, I like I like reinventing the stories to bring them to the parks.
  But like, yeah, what do we do?  I mean, you were kind of alluding to is this is this episode the best chance  at the moment to try to encourage people  currently defying the pandemic and in Disney World to go  sit in this movie theater.
  I don't know.
 Should we not tell people to go to a movie theater right now?  Probably not.
  Yeah.
 Maybe when it is safe.
  You know, like I said, you got to have it.
  You got to have kind of a philosophical attitude.
  These things, you know, it's in the spirit.
  Like I said, a world's fair stuff.
  It comes and goes and you have to accept it.
  I don't want to go.
 I want it.
  I do like.
  It is cool that for whatever reason, all these other things have changed.
  This little movie that is just in the forgotten corner of Epcot  has lasted this whole time and is shown every day.
  And it would be nice.
  It would be nice if it lasted as long as the park lasted.
  One little piece.
  It doesn't hurt anybody.
 Show one time a day.
  And you know, come on, give me a break.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Imagine you're Joe Rody was saying he thinks of these things like Broadway shows.
  They don't have they don't go forever.
  So they had a great run if it is going away.
  But why not?  It is nice these days.
  You know, you can your your favorite movies like this, you can watch them on YouTube.
  They're nice.
 They don't pull them down.
  Mm hmm.
 There's great.
  You know, the resolution is really good.
  It's not the same thing, but I mean, like, it's nice that you're able,  like now, before talking about this, I could watch the whole thing and, you know,  you know, yeah, I discovered on Spotify  the entire soundtrack, Compressions of France is one track is available  from one of the official Disney albums of only like 18, 19 minutes long.
  The whole thing music is great.
  I'm sure it'd be great to like you were to or something.
  Mm hmm.
 Right, right.
  Yeah.
 So it's like, you know, hey, it's exists.
  It can live on.
 It can live.
  What if they to keep it, they just like insert LeFou into many of the shots.
  Right.
 He explains like he he got the couple to get married.
  Yeah.
 He he stole the woman's top.
  That's right.
 He releases the balloon.
  He stole the woman's top.
 That's great.
  Thank you.
  So, yeah, maybe that's something that compromise also that can be reached.
  People like like backstory, if that's really what people want is more  machinations and backstory.
  That's like the way that the future we can do that.
  We can add that to, you know, space your birth, like, oh, you know,  here's Judy Dish teaching the Phoenicians out of like right or whatever.
  Yeah, it's more complicated.
  We can do that.
 Right.
  Some of these great attraction.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Let's complicate them all.
  But maybe maybe several pre shows also, maybe like as many.
  Let's build a bunch of tiny pre show rooms to one  additional thing where we're talking about the great  the great world showcase films.
  Did you guys happen when you were talking about  Olaf?  The place was talking about the old the old Norway film  called Spirit of Norway.
  Check it out.
 That might be my favorite.
  I've been gone for a long time.
  It was like the post show.
  Right.
  That even they they were like people just like walked right to see this.
  It is great.
 It is.
  To me, it is like the pinnacle of art form.
  And we're checking out.
  Yeah, we haven't done Maelstrom yet, so I assume it'll be part of that,  but I could easily see it being its own.
  Well, forget it.
 Don't be like every person who ever wrote Maelstrom  and just walk right by them.
  It's worth like five seconds.
  It's it's.
  Yeah, my very bookish family would always sit and watch it.
  And I was always mad when people walk by, like, hey, hey,  have a little respect.
  I didn't think you were allowed.
  Like as a kid, I'm like, no, doors closed.
  Can't cool like a blue chairs.
  It was like a great little theater.
  They had it was great.
  I do like that room a lot.
  Yeah, we should do a proud people, as the movie told me,  proud people of Norway with like just a few minutes of your time  to tell you about their fascinatical.
  It's not a lot.
  We should do a Maelstrom episode and then like bring it to a climax  and finish and then, oh, wait, the movie.
  Here's another hour about this movie.
  Mm hmm.
  So don't go.
  There's a couple of businessmen signing a paper.
  A man falling asleep, literally a long scene of a man falling asleep in a chair.
  Don't they show like sort of like massive IBM type,  like like really old computer technology?  That's one of my memories of it.
 Yeah.
 Mm hmm.
  You could fall asleep in a chair.
  They were just showing you what you could do.
  Like you can fall asleep if you're going to sit and watch.
 That's OK.
  Harder to fall asleep in Impressions de France,  because while the narration is a little hard to read on YouTube,  the volume of it is very clear.
  They play that music loud.
  They're always talking about it.
  They're always looking for IP these days.
 Right.
  Again, canceling IP.
  I'm yeah, I'm going to shop to Disney World Showcase  expanded universe with just the movies,  the characters from the movies and all the impressions of France.
  You just you shoot a little runner at the end to be like where  Paul Gabbay goes and he recruits the all stars.
  And then they meet in like the American adventure at the end or something.
  They meet  Neil deGrasse Tyson and.
  Right.
 No, that's it.
  That's the bad guy.
 Oh, good.
 That's better.
 Oh, go.
  We have to go clear American adventure of all the pedophiles  that live in all the sex from not Neil deGrasse Tyson.
  No, no, that's a different that's a different thing.
  That's all the suss.
 All the suss.
  People who have scandals behind them.
  Yeah.
  I have to be ridded from like Ghostbusted out of the American adventure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So they meet all meet in the.
  You know, from from the animatronics that are still there.
  They got to do like a me to swipe of all the backstories of all those guys.
  Yeah.
 This is good.
  A lot of potential, I think.
  Yeah, just good, honest people rounding up people who got corrupted by fame  and living too much of an American adventure.
  Mm hmm.
 Too much.
  They just they adventure a little too.
  I honestly those things are important part of the American story as well.
  You know.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  You risk, you know, drug problems like all that stuff.
  All of it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Getting drunk with power.
  It is unfortunate they did insert the head of the Robin Hood app  into the end of that.
  It seems like that was misguided.
  All the things every time they keep stepping in it like.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, final any last impressions to France to  to have on record to encourage people to check this thing out  when it is safe to do so.
  A lot of good hot air balloon stuff in there.
  Oh, some great hot air balloons.
  Yeah.
 Great hot air balloon stuff.
  We were talking about that recently and I forgot there was more in this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Non Air Force One related.
  You know what you have to give it up to is  and what apparently part of the 360 thing was is now we can do camera moves  because 360 those rigs are so crazy.
  You can kind of only move back and forth.
  But you with this 200 degree thing, you could tilt.
  And it is very striking when it tilts up the Eiffel Tower.
  And you think it's cool and like, wow, that's a big, wide grand shot.
  But the I didn't realize how difficult it was to do that.
  Just a mere tilt was really insane and they had to build a special rig  to be able to do it.
  So good job on the tilt, everybody.
 Great tilt.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  It's just a pleasure.
 It's just pleasant.
  It's it's that thing that we say about some rides.
  Pleasant.
 It's very pleasant.
  And that's good.
 Yeah.
  There's a dog parade.
  A bunch of dogs go by.
 Shout out the dogs.
  Yeah.
 Pastry window revs you up for the pastry shop next door.
  Yeah, I love that train car.
 I love the train car.
  Oh, the train car sequence where it's all where it's like a bunch of the screens  and then it goes down to the middle and it feels like the the scenery is rushing  by you.
 That is a great effect.
  We're eating a nice full meal on a train car.
  Wouldn't that be? Yeah.
 Oh, my gosh.
  So nice.
 I mean, it certainly helps that we've been inside for a year  to make me want to get on a train car and get a meal.
  But yes, it looks lovely.
  Food off of a real plate at this point.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Instead of me, you just like crouched by my fridge,  like shoveling peanut butter into my mouth from like this counts as a meal.
  I miss you would do that before we recorded at your house.
  Like Jason impressions, the Europe army.
  That's new, Jason.
  That's a new behavior.
 OK.
  It's only quarantine.
  Oh, you know, one more thing.
 I like the wallpaper.
  Now you talk about fancy Epcot for fancy boys and girls.
  Nothing fancier than that wallpaper.
  It's nice.
 And I don't know if it's gold leafed or but it's a golden hue.
  And I like being in that lobby.
  The little area they keep you in before you go in with a little art displays of  art and architecture.
  France is great people.
  Fancy French people talking to you, welcoming you there.
 Yeah.
  And it's a nice it's just every day.
  Really get all the all the aspects of it, the great scenery  and the intimacy of the towns.
  And and it's one of the it's a country that really has a great history  of cinema and really respects the form so that they they have a big grand  like movie house to show you scenes of their country is is very nice.
  Anyone want to try to pronounce how they say what the  when we know it's palace, but do you want to guess how that palace is said?  Mike, you're the French expert.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's a good question.
  Isn't it? Palace with the A.
I.
S.
  How do you say it? I have a place.
  Palais, probably Palais, Cinema.
  All right.
 All right.
  We well, thanks for rescuing us, Jason.
  We didn't embarrass ourselves further.
  And Matt, thank you for giving us an opportunity to talk about this thing  for for a while.
  You survived podcast, the ride.
  I really appreciate you being here.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  I know I came here to plug impressions to France.
  Check it out.
 Go it.
  Get those numbers up.
 Let's keep this in.
  Let's push.
  It's it's opening at six p.
m.
 now.
  Let's get down to five.
  Let's get popular enough to carve an hour out of the Beauty and the Beast thing.
  Let's small achievable goals.
  Yeah, let's get a Reddit going to make sure everybody gets into  impressions to France, driving the popularity of it up.
  Let's short it.
  Let's no, not short it.
  We're going to Disney short.
  Now we're doing collective action.
  Oh, you're right.
  I don't know anything works.
  That's why I just so don't know how this works that I thought that was shorting.
  No, no, no, not short it.
  Yeah, we're not shorting it.
  We're sticking it to Disney who's shorting it.
  That's right.
 That's right.
  You know, you can people should just like watch the YouTube on repeat.
  Maybe that's the way to get the numbers up now if you want to.
  Because let's make impressions to France go viral.
  And then, yeah, that's a good start.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You can find like high res copies both head on and from the side.
  And I honestly think the side ones, when you can see a little of the extra screens,  it's the effect worked a little more for me.
  You can see happy wedding guests who seem to approve of the ceremony.
  And it's like being in a in the pew like you're sitting next to.
  So it gives you the same the sensation of sitting next to someone,  something we can't do right now.
  Oh, yeah, that's yes.
  Yeah, that's really the main reason.
  Well, yeah, lots of reasons to watch it, Matt.
  Thanks for bringing it to the table here.
  As for us, you can check us out on on your favorite social media,  whatever that may be.
  And for three bonus episodes every month, check out  podcast, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  And so I'll have one, I guess.
  I'll say just sweet desole.
  I'm sorry to our French listeners for not speaking more French.
  What else do I can I just we Michael?  No, that's wait, Jim, a pal.
  Michael is how to say my name.
  So I get a little more French there.
  So the end of the episode is I am Michael.
  I am.
 Yeah.
  I guess we Michael Michael is what I'm saying to the good people of France.
  So on that note, I am Michael.
  Uh, he is Michael.
  I'm Scott.
 That's Jason.
 Bye bye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
