 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast takes you into the sacred home of a very large mouse.
  We're going to rifle through all his stuff, sporting equipment, keepsakes, and his freshly  grown sentient vegetables.
  Is this place Mickey's Graceland, or is it not as good as that?  It's Mickey's House, today on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast about theme parks hosted by three very good boys  who promise that if they're about to swear in this episode, they will instead stop and  say, oh gosh, I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson, do you agree?  Oh, I do agree to that.
  That seems hard.
  It seems like I'm going to forget, but maybe I just won't swear.
  Maybe I'll just be like in my most polite mode and I just won't swear at all.
  I may do.
  I may say that in other ways, in other contexts, but we'll see.
  It's tough because really, gosh, mainly replaces like the, an exclamation of the F word or  another word.
  It might not like replace effing, but it can.
  Let's just try to remember to say gushing.
  Gushing.
  Gushing.
  So gushing angry.
  It's what Mickey would do.
  Jason Sheridan joins us as well.
  You know what?  This might not be a bad idea that we finally address my mother's letters.
  Why do you gotta curse so much?  So you know, because this could be a good episode to point out to, like, oh, this one's  clean.
  This finally won.
  Yes, other than this, we did discuss her those specific concerns.
  We talked about swearing, but we didn't swear.
  I just had the moment finally with my mom where now that I have a kid, there was the  little discussion where I copped to, I was like, yeah, I don't know if he can see like  a lot of the stuff I've made.
  And then she, that was, I gave her too much because my mom like, see, that's right.
  The things she's been trying to tell me since she told me that Monsignor Loftus wouldn't  like the movie I made in high school.
  I was like, well, now you never thought about that one day.
  You'd have a child.
  You'd want to show them something.
  So I, I don't know.
  I gave her too much.
  I was too generous by even saying that.
  Yeah.
  So, but you did pledge to never make anything other than a G rated piece of entertainment  going forward, I assume.
  I didn't go so far as to say the rating.
  I mean, I would think that PG-13 would be fine because one day he'll be 13.
  But you get one, there's one gosh bomb.
  PG-13 movies get one gosh bomb, but they cannot be about the act.
  It's what G stands for is gosh.
  TVG means there'll be no word more extreme than gosh.
  I think you could probably go back and make cleaned up versions of everything you've made,  maybe do like a new cut of everything.
  I assume you have them all on hard drives and really just take out all the cursing and  all the suggestive situations.
  Yeah, that's true.
  There's certain ones where almost everything would have to be gotten rid of.
  Well, reshoot.
  I mean, you can reshoot.
  There's like the Snyder cut is coming out very soon.
  That was, you know, he did a little new photography.
  That's true.
  A lot of new CGI.
  So, yeah.
  Well, like I'm trying to think of one.
  My video, Juggalo News, I did a video, there was a cable news channel for fans of Insane  Clown Posse.
  And by the, okay, so that's 10 years old.
  By 10 years from now, the Juggalos and making fun of them will be still unbelievably relevant.
  I'm going to want my son to see that.
  And even though they swear that and that's part of the joke, they can't, that's not going  to work for him.
  So, yeah, I can round everybody back up and or at least like just film, film new lips,  just film some face painted lips and drop them on top of the people we can't get anymore.
  Yeah.
  Like in the, you know, what George Lucas redid some of those from the special editions for  Return of the Jedi, he found that woman, the green woman in Jabba's palace again, and he's  put her back in the makeup and it was like nobody noticed.
  I'm going to do that too.
  I'm going to go into my old videos, get rid of any swearing or sexual content, but also  have the like the green lady and I'll put in that song that rocks.
  It's oh, Jedi rocks.
  Jedi rocks.
  Yes.
  And then Jabba will turn to the camera and go, we live in a society.
  And everyone goes, yes.
  Yeah.
  What's all that we live in a society lately?  I've been seeing this in the feed a lot.
  I don't quite understand.
  I think it's a meme that got out of control.
  I think it's it's like a silly, you know, well, Joker says it in the trailer for the  new Justice League for the new Justice League, but I think it's it's a nod to the memes about  the Joker comes from.
  Yeah.
  This is really a modern Snakes on a Plane where you insert meme culture into the trailer  and into the film itself after the fact.
  The whole movie is kind of a new Snakes on a Plane.
  Yes, it's kind of a massive Snakes on a Plane.
  Yeah, it's it's an edge Lord meme.
  Yeah.
  Jason, what's an edge Lord?  An edge Lord is like someone who is like purposely transgressive or like says something, you  know, pushes the boundaries just to do it.
  Someone who tries to appear edgy by doing or saying risque or offensive things.
  That's Scott.
  It's me with my videos.
  Yeah, that's what Scott is.
  My videos and my mild swears on this podcast.
  Yeah, your mom says, Scott, your mom thinks you're an edge Lord.
  She says with shame to her friends, she learned the phrase and will say on her book club Zooms,  my son, I don't even want to talk about it.
  He's become he's become an edge Lord.
  My son, the edge Lord.
  I've seen your loft is saying, oh, that's got to turn into a real edge Lord.
  But it is now that we must pray for the edge Lords the most that they can find their way  back from the edge towards the center where we live.
  And we say nothing more than gosh.
  So help us, gosh.
  Help us, gosh.
  Jason is the podcast, the right messy boy and Scott is podcast, the right edge Lord.
  Wow.
  Now, you know, this is one I like, like any like slightly any 2% controversial opinions  I have or mild swears all put in the bucket of me being the edge Lord, my my not really  caring for the land boat ride that that was really the beginnings of Scott, the edge Lord.
  Yeah, you're being risque.
  You're being edgy.
  Wow.
  This is great.
  This is a great new branding for you going into a year or whatever we are three or what?  How long are we doing this?  It's time to yeah, it's time for me to clarify the character.
  And it's the character is edge Lord.
  Is there an example of who else is an edge Lord to see?  So I know who I'm kind of sharing the term with.
  Who are edge Lords?  Well, it's usually used dismissively.
  So like people who don't like like Chappo Trap House calls those guys edge Lords.
  OK, so it's kind of a mockery, but I'm taking the term back.
  I'm making being an edge Lord cool.
  Yeah, yeah, I mean, there's probably probably associated with some awful people.
  So we're probably.
 Oh, yeah, there.
  Yeah, there's some real scumbags.
  You know, you're taking it back for her.
  You're on the better side of it, I assume.
  I'm moving the age.
  I'm moving the boundaries of the edge to a little bit of a gentler place.
  But yeah, but still, I am.
  I'm on the edge of a slightly less far edge.
  We talk we talk about me being an edge Lord in an episode  that's about Mickey Mouse's house.
  Mickey Mouse, the original edge Lord, telling people to go  soak their head fresh boy.
  I mean, the old comic strips, the old Floyd got.
  I always mispronounce it.
  I think it's Godfrey.
  The old like Daily Comic Strip's me is always pulling a gun.
  I mean, back in the day, like a gun used to be a lot more like an ax or screwdriver.
  They were just kind of sitting around in the tool shed or like in a drawer or something.
  Yeah, that was not as big of a deal, I guess.
  Yeah, I don't.
  There's I have not.
  I did not see any firearms in the current iterations of Mickey's house.
  Mickey's house, Mickey's country house or the more generic meat, Mickey's.
  I've not seen any gun racks.
  No, I don't think so.
  Not even like a silly cartoon gun with eyes or something.
  You see a lot of his belongings, but oh, yeah, yeah, not not that.
  Not the like fun bullets from who?  Friend Roger Rabbit.
 But yeah, so he hides it, I guess, if he's got one.
  And I think he probably has one.
  They have a gun and lonesome ghosts when they're ghost hunting.
  I'm pretty sure.
 Yeah, they have.
  Yeah, they have like a right.
  Yeah, a double barreled shotgun, I think.
  I think so.
 Remember who wields it?  Maybe they all have one.
  He will in the old west in an old west.
  But you sort of like assume that that'll have a couple couple revolvers or whatever.
  Yeah, there's not really a good gun store in Toontown.
  If I think about it, that really doesn't have that's not one of the facades there.
  It's got to be it's like an underground thing.
  Like one of the stores is a front to like the not the maybe not the five and dime  or maybe the back of the like maybe once in a while,  if they make a mistake, that conveyor belt with all the gloves and all the fun items.
  Oh, yeah.
  Just by mistake once a day, one of the gloves has a gun dangling down.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, that's probably right.
  It would be funny.
  I mean, if they made Toontown, I'm sure in the 60s,  for sure, there would be more cartoon guns.
  There'd be no doubt about it.
  Cigarettes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Too modern.
  But really odd old timey condoms.
  Work condoms were weird in the 60s, right?  You'd have to you'd have to imagine there was well, by the sorry, Jason,  your mom can't listen to this.
  Oh, that's me.
  The edge.
  Learn strikes again.
  Edge Lord.
  I don't know.
  In the I feel like it's always just like in period piece movies are always like,  oh, what do you need?  Well, are you a sailor?  Like there's always jokes about sailors using them.
  They were only for sailors.
  I yeah, I know.
  When people being risky going from port to port, having different  affairs, I assumed it was a full body piece of clothing or something that you  that that's what it was in the old days.
  I don't know.
 I don't have any information.
  I'm just guessing it was sort of like a full like pajama set  you would have to put on some sort of condom would be.
  What was that?  Some sort of felt small.
  A diving bell.
  You're a full diving bell.
  Mike, are we just thinking of a diving bell?  Possibly a doctor would have to administrate it.
  Who would have to have to put it on?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's made of copper.
  There's a bunch of bolts in it.
  Yeah, it was.
  Yeah, it's a whole to do.
  Mm hmm.
  A cartoon condom would be insane because cartoons are already so bendy  and squashy and that's kind of what a condom does already.
  Look, I haven't read much Fritz the Cat, but I assume it's in there.
  I assume the oh, the information is in there if you want to.
  If you want to read about it, I'm sure that Fritz  the Cat is for sure some exhausting edgelord bullshit like.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, that was before edgelords were cool.
  That was long ago when edgelords were annoying before me.
  Oh, yes.
  Well, before you took it, the turn back and made it cool.
  Yeah, not like exhausting like Robert Crumb.
  He Ashbury comic bullshit.
  I see.
 Yeah.
  Let's let's explain the the episode a little bit in case you don't know.
  In in in several of Disney's theme parks, there are opportunities  to meet Mickey Mouse and you do this by going through Mickey Mouse's house.
  This is I want to say Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland, where it's kind of the same  it's carbon copies of the same house.
  And for a long time, you could do this in Disney World.
  Not anymore, but in a land that changed names three times.
  It was Mickey's birthday land.
  Then they wanted to keep going past Mickey's birthday, so it became  Mickey Starland and then became Mickey's Toontown Fair.
  But it's been a staple of parks  throughout the years, the ability to to go into Mickey's house,  the dream we've all had of rifling through Mickey's belongings.
  Yes, it was.
 I'm sure I've said this on the show before as a kid.
  We did get to go to Mickey's birthday.
  Well, what was it called? Mickey's birthday fair?  No birthday.
  They land.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, we did get to go there in Florida.
  But when I saw Toontown, I was like, oh, they're all their houses.
  I want to go through Mickey's stuff.
  I want to go through his rooms.
  The idea of it was awesome.
  And yeah, you got a little taste of it in Florida, but it was never  didn't seem the same.
  Well, technically, did everyone come across the the phrase Mickey's country house?  Yeah, that this was the naming.
 OK, I.
  Listener, please correct me if I'm wrong.
  But the idea being that once Toontown opened at Disneyland,  they started referring to Mickey's house in Florida as Mickey's country's house  country house as if that is his vacation home.
  And Toontown and Disneyland is his main house.
  OK, yes, it's it's yeah, it's very vacations.
  Well, I think because I think that whole Toontown fair thing came out of that.
  They wanted to like standardize it, make it more like Toontown.
  But they had there was I think it's because of the tents.
  There was a lot of big tents, which is where shows and meet and greets happen,  and they had to justify the tents somehow.
  So they make it like they make it a fair where there would be tents.
  And there was it's also you know, we talked about many moo.
  There was there were cows running around with Mickey ears on them.
  And it was there was like a more rustic feel, I think, to Mickey Starland anyway.
  So I feel like fair is the way they justified it and tied it all together.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 They had this big sign, this big sign.
  Mickey's got a straw boater on and, you know, and you would meet Mickey to like  I was surprised to find I really didn't remember this.
  Mickey's house in Florida has now been bulldozed.
  Oh, my gosh.
 So cold the way you delivered that.
  Well, those are we know is a bulldozer.
  Paved paradise to put up a mermaid ride.
  So there was they imploded Mickey's house in Florida.
  There was nothing left.
  They imploded Mickey's Mar-a-Lago to put up a mine trade ride.
  They should have called it Mickey's Mar-a-Lago.
 Right.
  The but I didn't you met Mickey at the judges tent.
  You could walk through his house, but you would meet him at the judges tent  for the the fair in Florida.
  It's confusing.
  Yeah.
 Here's a picture.
  You met him at the judges tent.
  He's giving out blue ribbons.
  Meet Mickey in the judges tent and he still has the straw hat.
  Or what do you call the hat?  It's not just a straw hat.
 Oh, a straw boater.
  Straw boat boater.
  Yeah, that's the kind of hat that's the sort of like dapper  ban turn of the century.
  It's that, you know, that's the that snazzy hat from 100 years ago.
  Back in Jason, I have like a I have like a a crappy  like Halloween town one I bought for a bit once, but for like a UCB show once.
  OK, but it's like wearing it regularly.
  Do you think when we come out of this pandemic that maybe you could get finally  like fully like just dress in character 24 seven and wear that or,  you know, I've got I've I've acquired some pieces.
  Maybe that's another one.
  That's interesting thinking about this.
  You're thinking about like a post pandemic kind of reinvention identity.
  You know, it's maybe it's going to be the roaring 20s.
  That's what everyone's saying when we come out of quarantine.
  So we're all going to have a lot of fun.
  We're going to all have boaters.
  Yeah, we're boaters for gosh.
  For God, for gosh sake, for God's sake, for gosh sake.
  That's right.
  I am seeing I'm looking at prices on boaters.
  You don't have to spend an arm and a leg.
  You can get a decent boaters seemingly for for less than 20.
  But you could also have some very luxurious boaters for more in the 60 range.
  And Gucci sells a boater for four hundred and seventy dollars.
  So if you really want to greet the new world in the most dapper way,  I get that Gucci straw boater, boater, Gucci boater.
  Wow.
 Gucci boater.
  I think that's we got to get you a Gucci.
  We got to be like a discount Gucci boater.
  We can get Jason or like from an outlet mall, Gucci outlet.
  That's right.
  There's like at least on Alibaba or shine or something.
  A knockoff Gucci boater.
  That sounds great.
  Oh, interesting.
  There's I'm looking there's a Ralph Lauren boater straw hat as well.
  But this is like this is high end.
  I didn't realize how relevant straw boaters were.
  Yeah, which I hate to crowbar a little tease for something I want to do.
  But there's a character called Polo Bear that's a Ralph Lauren  mascot that I'm very intrigued by.
  That's all I'll say.
 Google Polo Bear and take a look at the pictures.
  That's all I'll tease.
 That's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We can get to Polo Bear.
  And I've got a different pair that I have ideas for.
  So is it Ted?  Huh? Oh, no.
  Unfortunately, no, it's the sleepy time bear.
  Oh, OK.
 Yeah, we do an episode of the Sleepy Time Bear.
  Absolutely.
 We got a lot.
  I got to do some some work on that.
  I got to do some some legwork.
  It's like these two are things are like the end of WandaVision episode five.
  Oh, my God.
 Oh, my gosh.
  Who showed up? Look who showed up.
  Polo Bear and the bear on the box of tea.
  Holy crap.
  Mind blown on either side of Jason, all of them wearing straw boners,  all of those straw boater expendables.
  Even if Scott hadn't started talking about disgusting  condoms, I think you would still not want your mom to listen to this  because straw boater obviously doesn't keep sounding to me like straw boner.
  Let's well, I know I think it's not obvious.
  But a straw hat is, you know, back in the day, you had to wear.
  You were disgusting.
  You were like a sleaze if you weren't wearing a hat when you were out in public.
  You know, that's true.
 That's fair.
  And if you didn't take it off when you went inside, you were also a sleaze.
  A lot of rules in the past, a lot of very tiring rules.
  Hat rules.
 Yeah.
  Cares about any of that.
 Why were there these rules?  I OK.
 So yeah.
  Mickey's Toontown Fair would became the way that you could meet Mickey in Disney  world.
  Started with this birthday land construct.
  I'm not sure where to begin with all this.
  I mean, what I realized is that Mickey's Toontown  all grew out of the core idea of we need a committed place  where you can and will meet Mickey.
  I think Mickey meeting Mickey is always a part of the Disneyland experience,  but I think he'd just be wandering around and you'd sort of have to  try to catch him if you could.
  And big lines would form, but it was a little unruly and people needed  the Mickey photos.
 We have to standardize this.
  There's got to be a place and a line.
  And I think that's where Toontown in general came from.
  Right.
 I mean, I think this has been sort of a push pull  to competing ideas and people, a set of people like each of them.
  Like it's with characters as far as in park meeting of characters.
  You want to know where to meet a character.
  If you're coming into Disneyland once a year, you want to meet Mickey.
  You want to know where he's going to be because your little kid  or your adult son, your man in his thirties wants to take a photo with Mickey.
  He just needs to know where it is.
  That being said, it is so fun to happen upon a character.
  That's the best things.
  You turn a corner and Captain Hook's walking down.
  That makes the whole thing feel so much more fun and alive.
  Like the one time the stormtroopers harassed us in line star tours,  like that stuff is fantastic.
  But yes, Toontown, I think, yeah, it was solved a problem for them  of just like, this is where Mickey's going to be.
  You can meet him here.
  No risk.
 You will be able to meet him.
  And in a bunch of rooms, they have like many ways to meet.
  There's not just one Mickey waiting at the end.
  There's a bunch of rooms that you could end up in.
  So you will meet him.
  Yeah.
 And the demand is there because also they also in Disneyland  almost always have Mickey photo ops in the in when you walk right into the park.
  Right on Main Street.
 Yeah, they're always hanging out.
  Yeah, Mickey is so in demand.
  They have multiple permanent spots, I think, to meet him.
  Yeah.
 Now, in Florida, after they bulldozed his house,  you can meet him at the town square theater at his magician job.
  Yes, Mickey is a magician.
  We've gone over a little bit of this before.
  We went over to me complaining that Mickey didn't talk to me  when we were in Florida, because I knew there was a talking Mickey  had that was not apparently advertised.
  And I got a fast pass from town hall.
  And I had to ask if Mickey was feeling talkative to the employee,  which I was fine doing, honestly, I didn't feel any shame at all.
  You had to wait in a separate wait in the complaint line.
  Like everybody's there because they have some problem.
  The spaghetti at Tony's was too cold.
  And then you said Mickey is not talkative.
  I said, I saw online that Mickey talks to people.
  There's a head that talks and it blinks.
  And when we went in there, it didn't talk or blink.
  And they were like, OK, well, it's not all because I can't tell.
  It was not officially endorsed.
  It was not endorsed.
 It was not officially advertised.
  It was still testing.
  So they couldn't they couldn't acknowledge what I said was true.
  They couldn't they couldn't verify my reality.
  So they just said, well, you know, we can give you another fast pass.
  And if Mickey's feeling more talkative,  maybe you just ask one of the employees there and they can point you  in the right direction.
 And I went, I see.
  Which this mythology is pretty insane where you can always meet Mickey,  but sometimes he's not going to talk to you.
  Sometimes, I mean, he'll wave and everything, but yeah, like no words  will be exchanged if there was a famous person who had this policy  who did let you meet him.
  But like, but I'm going to speak to you or look you in the eye.
  If Ringo's famous video was like, no more, I will not talk to you when I meet you.
  You can meet me and I'll do it, but I won't say a word.
  Peace and love, peace and love.
  Yeah, it's they did.
  Now they stopped this head.
 This head is out of commission.
  The talking Mickey head is not working.
  It's pretty like before pandemic.
  They pulled it out of circulation.
  They bulldozed it.
 They bulldozed the head.
  They put the head on the ground and ran a bulldozer over the talking head.
  And this head, they were testing out more of these heads in California  Adventure very briefly in the Grizzly Peak area.
  They had like maybe a mini that also did this.
  And then they've just been missing in action.
  The head must have the grow like been become sentient.
  And it was just too much to deal with.
  Like it was somebody it bits, it somebody.
  It just started having a mind of its own, like, don't leave me here.
  I'm so lonely at night in this in this shelf.
  Don't do it.
  And they just had to put it out of its misery because it could feel feelings now.
  This isn't Mickey talking to you.
 It's the head.
  I sound like this, but I'm not Mickey.
  I go by my code number R1 4X  to BC.
 Please bulldoze me.
  I don't want to live like this.
  Please.
 I don't even.
  I don't even know a God.
  I just know my number.
  I can't even worship anything like you.
  People take comfort in.
  Someone puts me on their head and walks around with me.
  It's very invasive.
  I just I just want to have a first kiss and then die.
  Set me up with another one of those heads.
  Let us smack lips and then bulldoze us both.
  Yeah, so I mean, they had to get rid of it.
  Yeah, clear.
 That was a problem.
  Yeah, that was an audio recording we displayed.
  Yeah, that was yeah, that's completely accurate.
  Yeah, machine learning can be really difficult in this day and age.
  Quickly.
 Yeah.
  For the most part, you just go, you know, for many, many years,  it's been the tradition that you just meet sort of a pantomime  Mickey who waves and hugs and smiles and gives you all the thoughts that  can be done in a mime like setting.
  Do you guys have fond memories in general of this from throughout your lives?  Of just of meeting Mickey Mouse?  Is this an important part of the park experience to you?  Yes, I will.
  Here's what's interesting is my memory of meeting characters,  and I'm sure I'm repeating myself.
  I was always a little nervous.
  I was always a little scared because your brain, you were like,  I'm sure my mom was like, they're not actually the characters,  but you'd still be kind of like you still didn't know.
  I met the I met the Ninja Turtles at a grocery store when I was four or five  and they signed my box of cookies.
  And I remember like kind of hiding in an aisle  and like looking at them and being like, they don't look  exactly like the turtles look, but that still might be them.
  I'm not sure.
  So my memory of this is that I was very scared of of the characters,  but I intrigued and I liked them.
  But I found a photo or my mom found a photo of me at like five or six  giving Mickey the biggest hug at Disney World.
  So I wonder if it was like a flip switch thing where  and I don't have a big memory of this hug, but I remember I bet  I bet I was nervous at first.
  And then once I was like, I'm going in, I'm doing it.
  And I gave Mickey a big hug.
  So obviously I was way into it.
  I had the autograph book, which we've talked about before.
 Oh, yeah.
  Which which was, yeah, very exciting to get all the characters autographs.
  So, yeah, this was a big deal.
  I loved meeting the characters, obviously, whether I was scared or not.
  And to this day, I still like meeting the characters.
  I feel like you do it.
  The most of us is my if I had to ballpark it.
  It's possible Jason and I, I found Jason and I right before pandemic.
  We were at Universal or maybe it was a little bit before.
  And we met Jason.
  I have a picture with Dora the Explorer  and maybe somebody else from that day.
  I think so.
 Do we get a minion, too?  Maybe we have a minion as well.
  There was one where they were meeting at night, but in front of a  an illuminated store window and where everything is totally in silhouette.
  I was like, why did they do that?  Why did they make that decision?  Yeah, yeah, it was not a well lit photo.
  So I'm trying to if I analyze what it is at this point,  I'd like to think, oh, isn't it?  Oh, it's funny, right?  To see this older guy with the characters.
  That's why you're doing it, right?  It's so funny.
  That's got to be it.
  But probably it's not.
  It's probably just like this is actually Mickey and I get to take a photo with him.
  That's probably what it is.
  You sort of like black out when you do it.
  Like you'd sort of for that second, I am with Mickey Mouse.
  Yeah, yes, I think that's probably what it I mean.
  Trying to think.
 Yeah, I have a lot of photos recently.
  When we did the Thanksgiving at Disneyland,  we have photos with everybody, Chip and Dale and the country bears.
  Yes, they packed that banquet hall like there were every corner.
  There was character photo opportunities.
  And then when I was walking through tomorrow and I saw the country bears  like partying at the stage or listening to music and I ran up to them.
  Or when we were at  we went to the Disneyland 80s night and we and Lindsay and I were there  and a guest friend of the show, Doug Jones, also there.
  We were just hanging with Minnie and the characters in the pit.
  They're in the big like the Aerosmith,  the eventual Aerosmith dream.
  Yeah, the deuce is our wild Las Vegas residency.
  So when we were to we have photos with them, then I have a video  of Lindsay dancing with Minnie in the pit.
  Minnie was so many was just hanging out like then Minnie's  like pretty cool and down to earth, like doesn't even actually she's Minnie or whatever.
  Very down to earth.
  She'll dance with anybody.
  She's a little more comfortable dancing with an adult woman than an adult man.
  And I don't blame her.
  I didn't try to dance.
  I didn't try to dance with Minnie, although I do think she like kind of did.
  Minnie did do a little of that flirting thing that she does with me once in a while.
  I have video proof of it also.
  I'm going to sound crazy here, but I have video proof of it.
  All right.
 Yeah, again, like how is it?  How is it possible that multiple minis on multiple coasts?  Like just so it's just something about  and I hate to burst your bubble with their they are not Minnie Mouse.
  They're different people in Minnie Mouse costume.
  But you felt multiple times a vibe from.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Minis.
  It's sort of the same vibe.
  I feel, yeah, depending on what coast.
  I don't think any did any Japanese minis.
  I don't think I felt I don't think I had an interaction with a mini in Japan, though,  at the Tokyo Disney Park, but I can't remember.
  It's possible if it was a mini talking head.
  I'm sure that that the robot would have fallen in love with me immediately.
  The oh, Michael, the mini, we haven't established a mini.
  Yeah, I don't think we have.
  Yeah, how would that even?  I can't even I can't even get that.
  That's got your mini sound a little like olive oil, a little like Shelley Duvall olive oil.
  Oh, oh, save me, Michael.
  Oh, Michael, it's just like me.
  It's just Mickey, but more like this.
  More worry.
  Well, I'm doing a dead Edith bunker is what I'm doing.
  Oh, yeah, that's oh, sure.
  Yeah.
 My big character memories,  though the one that both my parents always tell the story is like when they first took me to Disney World.
  And I'm sure I've told this on the show before, but I I was terrified of everything.
  I was scared of the rides.
 I was scared of the characters.
  And then we were on Main Street, I think, or by Tomorrowland.
  And right at that moment, Chip and Dale came out of a side door  and I like pushed my parents away and ran to them and hugged them.
  And they said after that, I was fine with the characters.
  Like everything was fine.
  My real adult memory when I was older.
  Well, my real parents, my real parents, my parents now, my guys.
  When I when I went to Disneyland for the first time, a college friend  was was visiting with us.
  A few of us were out here doing internships and one friend was just visiting for a few days.
  And we were going to Disneyland and they said,  the only thing I want to do is go to Mickey's house and meet them, get the photo taken.
  And so like we all right.
  That was not a big request.
  So like after lunch, we went.
  You go through the house at the very end.
  We all got our pictures and it was super fun.
  I did not remember the immense, impossible architecture  that the Mickey's house in Anaheim has, where it's like,  well, technically you are still indoors, but you've gone out of Mickey's house.
  And now you are going into a barn and a screening room.
  And it's a rare instance of Disney doing  inside that represents outside, but it's daytime.
  Like that, I did not remember until we I watched through a bunch of video tours.
  You go through his yard and it's and it is even the else.
  Now we've we talked about Toontown Fair is more like country folksy.
  But in Anaheim, he also has he's raising animals.
  He's raising chickens.
  There's a like farm component of it, too.
  Well, they both have the movie barns or some reference to the movie barns,  which is a nod to like Walt making early animation and his like barn.
  So but yeah, it kind of the Anaheim one.
  Disneyland has like a full screening room.
  Come on.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And one's very sensitive.
  Scott, do real quick.
  Your your love of Kim Mascots.
  I feel like it's never been like a primary.
  I know.
 Like when I went to Disney World, I got so many.
  I filled up that autograph book.
  And I have a really specific memory of King Louis trying to convey to me  that he did not have opposable fingers and could not sign an autograph.
  And I'm like trying to point at my mom and show his hands.
  And that's a sort of hard thing to convey.
  And she got it.
 Oh, OK.
  I guess I'm still disappointed in a way they didn't figure out.
  I if if if multiple characters did not have opposable fingers,  so they'd give you a stamp.
  There's sometimes characters had stamps.
  So I guess I really cared about that autograph book and was very proud of it.
  And I've said at some point that eventually Jay Leno signed that autograph book,  which I got to track down.
  And he signed it with a little like his his signature.
  I'm sure you could find that on eBay or on headshots or whatever.
  Has a little like squiggle of his face, the big chin.
  So that's a good one to have a very much like the Disney characters would do.
  Or maybe they draw, they try to add some flair, put their shape in it.
  So that that autograph book is a very cherished item.
  Have I ever talked on the show about when I met?  Who's the cat in Pinocchio?  Figaro, Figaro, the other mean cat,  that's the one trying to lead him the wrong direction.
  Oh, yeah, they have.
  Yeah, what are those those?  There's like a box and then a cat.
  Didn't we we met one of these on one of those Star Wars days?  I want to say the three of us.
  Yes, we're very surprised to see him like you.
  You're around here.
  We lit up.
  We saw these.
 Yes, because he was wandering around.
  He was wandering around by Fantasyland.
  One's like a fox and one's a break.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  One's like a fox and one's a cat.
 Right.
  Gideon.
 OK, Gideon.
  All right.
 So, yeah, I  there was just something really Gideon's, I think, thing was to like mess around  with kids and do a little horse playing clown around.
  And there was a scenario arranged where I was sitting.
  And then he came and sat on me.
  And my parents laughed and laughed.
  And it was funny to take pictures of.
  But I was having trouble conveying it actually hurt.
  He was too.
  He was too heavy.
  This is one of my first.
  This might be like the soon as I came in the door, the first time  I ever went to Disneyland, I was sad on to where it made my.
  Maybe it was like like I was a little like winded.
  It like took the air out of my chest a little.
  I was I was little.
 I was like three or four.
  So maybe I guess that's a,  I don't know, kind of a scarring memory a little bit.
  I was like, wow, hurt by a character immediately.
  Gideon sat on Scott Gideon sat on me.
  Wow.
 That's I mean, is it is it past the statute of limitations  to sue Disney for this?  Oh, you're right.
 Probably is.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
 But is it different rules for tunes?  If they're if they're subjects to a different set of laws?  What are the yeah, the laws in Toontown about this about lawsuits?  I mean, you will have to go try.
  Judge Mickey will have to preside over the court.
  And you're getting the dip.
  I would know me.
  I'm getting it.
 Yeah.
  It's cool.
 You give it to a kid.
  Yeah.
 Toots protect toots.
  It's just the way it goes, pal.
  So we get 100 tunes together and it takes 67 of them to convict.
  And frankly, I don't think the numbers are on your side, bud.
  I mean, yeah, he's guilty.
 We know he's guilty.
  We know what he did was shameful that he did it.
  That being said, I'm not going to vote to convict him.
  Look, Gideon is a son of a bitch.
  He he's been sitting on children for years.
  He's a rhetoric about sitting for as long as I can remember.
  The jury is wailing on each other with any number of mallets  and ACME branded products.
  I'm not going to try to get them back in order.
  So my decision is final.
  They got to let them work it out.
  I'm going to have you seen the storyboards of  the funeral sequence that was cut from Roger Rabbit, by the way.
  Oh, I've heard about this.
  Wait, yeah.
 A bunch of extra tunes were at a funeral of ACME.
  Yes, ACME and and like the pallbearers were going to start fighting each other.
  It was going to be like like Popeye and Pluto and like an assortment of like  even more crossovers like.
 Wow.
 Really?  It's just so yeah, it looks awesome.
  The same feature syndicate characters in Roger Rabbit.
 Maybe.
  Oh, my gosh, that's fantastic.
  I'm so excited by that.
  Dagwood.
 Finally, Mickey and Dagwood will meet.
  Well, Dagwood would have been catering.
  Everyone sadly like did the giant sandwiches  that they have to push down to regular sandwich size and they eat it all in one bite.
  But everyone's weeping as they try to eat the sandwich  with the fishtails sticking out the sandwich.
  Tears splashing off fishtails.
  Yeah, I.
  OK, so this well, let's talk about like the actual play.
  I think maybe as a base, the Toon townhouse, which is also in Japan,  where, yeah, it's like it ends up being it essentially is like a queue  to meet Mickey at the end, but it is a queue where you go through his house first.
  The there's a lot of fun stuff in the house, I think.
  I was I was looking at details and remembering stuff I enjoyed.
  I like that.
  First of all, I mean, it's the important thing to say, it's like,  if you've never done it and been in there, but you know the vibe of Toon town,  it is very it's it's just fun to walk around.
  It's like everything's super bendy and cartoony.
  They just did a good job, I think, with all those props,  which is sort of in contrast with a different Mickey's house that we'll discuss.
  But, you know, it's just such a fun, like funhouse effect.
  I love right when you walk in that there  there's like the closet under the stairs where he shoved in all of his  miscellaneous, you know, sports and vacation gear.
  There's like a tennis racket and a fishing pole and, you know,  all those odds and ends that you have that collect and they're all bursting  at the seams and the doors busting out in a big, bulgy way.
  Can you confirm which one specifically are you talking about?  Disney Disneyland, which is also Tokyo Disneyland.
  Oh, OK.
  Does this Disneyland, the one that has I really like the stairs.
  It has the dog gate that Pluto there's a Pluto shaped hole in it.
  Yeah, they burst through detail.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I just wrote down Mickey's lumpy house  because the house is like that Toon style, but everything's very lumpy.
  It's very it's very exaggerated.
  And yeah, stuff is like more bulbous than it would be normally.
  Mickey has a mailbox with his face on it.
  Oh, yeah, I like that a lot.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  Also in Anaheim, you can see I have it right here.
  You can see Mickey's grotesque car.
  Yeah, his lumpy car is lumpy car.
  They're going along with the ToonTown aesthetic.
  But, you know, there are some more successful than the others.
  So some of this stuff were successful.
  And this I don't know why this car rubs me the wrong way so much,  but it looks horrific to me.
  It's hard to drive.
  It's got to be super hard to drive.
  And like, it's really sputtery.
  You know that it takes some two hours to get anywhere.
  Yeah, it's all very Roger Rabbit  like style.
 Yes.
  ToonTown as well.
  I mean, it obviously fits in with all the cartoons and stuff,  but it's very much like that looks like the taxi.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Which is something I really like that everything that there's that sheen  of Roger Rabbit, even on the non Roger Rabbit universe stuff.
  Like I was saying, I think that's it was like, OK, we want a concerted place  where you can definitely meet Mickey.
  And around the same time, they're trying to do the the Hollywood land area,  which would have had a bunch of Roger Rabbit stuff.
  And then that got canceled and downsized in the wake of Euro Disney collapse.
  So it was like, OK, can we just kind of like combine ideas?  Can we do here's where you meet the classic characters?  And but also there's Roger Rabbit stuff.
  And I think the way they justified that is here's downtown.
  Here's the city.
  And then 50 feet away is where the characters live,  which it's very convenient to live in ToonTown.
  You're just a quick walk away from Mickey's, a quick walk away  from the city hall where important note, he resides as mayor.
  Don't forget that he is also in addition to being a movie star  and filming movies in his barn.
  He is also the mayor of the city he lives in.
  Right.
 And that's got to be permanent.
  That's not something we can put Jason up for.
  I mean, I know we haven't talked about it a long time, but, you know,  we want Jason to become the mayor of Disneyland.
  That's a long term goal.
  But I don't think it's ever going to be possible for you to be the mayor of Toontown.
  I you know, it's clearly a lifetime appointment.
  And yeah, I'm not.
  So it's really dicey politics in ToonTown.
  You know, it's like Chicago.
  It's like your stomping grounds, Mike.
  Chicago's really dicey, long time entrenched forces there.
  Of course, there's a cartoon, Emanuel, the other Emanuel, who is a Toon.
  Yes.
  Hubert's Emanuel.
  Runs things with a with a lumpy grip.
  And a lumpy grip.
  It's going to be interesting when they open up the runaway railway in Toontown,  because that's that's the different art.
  That's the new modern Mickey art style.
  So that's true.
 I hadn't thought about that transition  somehow from the Roger Rabbit style to the new  psychotic Mickey style that the new cartoons have.
  I think they should work with the people at Marvel and figure that out,  because I think that's fun sometimes when like there's an X-Men member  or there's an event, there's an X-Men team with like, all right,  this guy's from the past.
  This one's from an alternate reality.
  This this one's regular.
  And, you know, and it's just like, yeah, it's just the way it is.
  Sorry, gang.
  Yeah, there'll be some sort of device when you enter the queue, maybe.
  Yeah.
 That like takes you into the new, grosser world of Mickey Mouse.
  And I say this is I love those new cartoons.
  It's just it's funny how they let him be like gross and weird.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, he's got more of a character, definitely.
  When I was with this with this gosh thing, I was saying at the beginning,  I just in like looking into some Mickey things.
  That was my big takeaway.
  He says gosh so much.
  And I think gosh is kind of the that's what the old Mickey persona is and was.
  He's just he says gosh in a scared way  because something might hurt him like Pete the cat or he'll say gosh in a or Gideon.
  Yeah, Gideon could always sit on him.
  And or he says gosh in a like humbled.
  He's like amazed by things like, oh, gosh, is like,  you know, he's he's proud of his achievements and his standing as the mayor  and of everything his accomplishments at Disneyland.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  But the character, I mean, the character is different.
  I feel like the Mickey of Toontown is that humble Mickey  who would just get like overwhelmed a little bit, but he was like a real solid, nice guy.
  He didn't freak out too much.
  The new Mickey is like very neurotic,  very freaked out, prone to having like anxiety attacks.
  He's impulsive.
  Reactionary because it's really manic.
  He just and like all of the all over the place.
  So it's interesting.
  We'll see.
 We'll see if they'll what they'll do.
  We'll see if they'll be any.
  Maybe the answer is nothing.
  If the answer is I'm putting too much thought into this.
  I think it might be Chuck E.
  Cheese rules where there's as many as five Chuck E.
  Cheeses in a single location at all times.
  Right.
 There's like one bowler hat Chuck E.
  Cheese costume somewhere in the back room.
  But then it's like the new skateboarding guitar playing Chuck E.
  Cheese on stage.
  Although maybe there's no stick because we've hearing this.
  They're taking the stage characters out.
  So they're few and far between, I think, at this point.
  Well, they're just they're a ghost kitchen operation at this point.
  That's the point of Chuck E.
  Cheese is no characters, there's no games.
  They're going to move into Bucatabebo just like Guy Beary.
  Soon enough.
  You enjoy that experience?  We talked about that.
  There's a tweet about this that Guy Fieri and Robert Earl, the owner.
  We talked about the owner of Bucatabebo.
  They've teamed up and these leasing space out in his  less and less used Bucatabebo kitchens, including the one at City Walk.
  Well, they had a relationship already because Robert Earl is like  one of the money backers for Chicken Guy.
  And that was the main reason I had read an article about this,  about he was opening these ghost kitchens.
  And I was like, wait, does that include the City Walk one?  And I looked it up and it was on Postmates.
  So Jane and I ordered it.
  Overall, you know, there's a lot of fine print.
  I almost tweeted this as a follow up, but I was like, oh,  this will inevitably come up on the show.
  You can't customize anything.
  So the sauce squat, there's no sauce selections.
  You get whatever sauce comes on it.
  That's crazy to me.
 Anyway, I know, I know.
  The Chicken Guy sandwich is still pretty good.
  I went I took a big swing.
  I tried the burger topped with mac and cheese and I am still feeling it.
  I knew I had a feeling you would be.
  Yeah.
 The worst part was that they put lettuce, tomato on it, too.
  And that went on top of the mac and cheese.
  And that is a weird combination.
  The lettuce doesn't work.
  Yeah.
 And it it kind of made the bacon soft.
  I don't it would taste all tasted pretty good, but I have not eaten  big portions like that usually during quarantine.
  I think when I cook for myself, even when we get takeout,  I don't eat theory style portions.
  So stick to the chicken sandwich.
  The fries, I would if you like, kind of like double fried fries  or fries that are battered a little so they're extra crispy.
  They're they're a pretty good version of those.
  That's that's my roundup about it.
  So stick to the Chicken Guy sandwich.
  That's you know, that's the long lesson.
  They also offer this terrible cheesecake that Mike and I had in Vegas.
  Well, you can get that delivered to your home.
  You're talking about guys cheesecake challenge.
 Yes.
  Yeah, we did.
  We did take the challenge on.
  Not his work.
 Not.
 Yeah.
  Lost.
 Will we still be able to work when Bucatabebo opens fully for dining?  Will we be able to be like order from the secret menu and like  wink at them and get a chicken guy and Bucatabebo?  I that's a good question.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  It's it's a it's a brave new world that you can get, you know,  chicken guy delivered your home if you are near a participating Bucatabebo.
  The Encino one.
  Did you just call Peppo's turn that Peppo or that?  Did I say the I spell check the Beppo multiple times?  I kept going to the website to make sure I spelled it right for the tweet.
  And now I knew I messed it up.
  You're not going to get that by us.
  No, no, no.
 Any slip up?  We will definitely say it.
 I'm sorry.
  That's fine.
 That's fine.
  OK, back to Mickey's house.
  So, yeah, there's any anything else that we like in the house that's fun.
  You really see a great number of details.
  You see his laundry room.
  You see a big assortment of what he's washing his clothes with,  which is this fun little gags to look at, like one like four or eight and a half.
  There's fun little names to all those.
  Yeah, there's a well, it's I understand why they did it,  but it it has some implications for Mickey's world.
  All of Mickey's chairs are hard.
  They're all solid and hard to sit on.
  Yeah.
 So let's just extrapolate this.
  Mickey sits on hard chairs.
  He owns hard chairs.
  None of them are soft.
  What do you wish?  So what do you want a chair to be like in his house?  I want it to be cushy.
  I want it to be something you could relax in and not just like a slab of whatever  that is, you know, that would I.
  You know, kids are going to be in.
  I get it.
 The engineers wanted to spare like kids spilling ice cream or  I can't have fabric ice cream.
  Jason's ice cream.
  Yeah.
 After one day, that chair would be like a toxic waste.
  That tear would be just unmanageable.
  Right.
 But now it is canon that Mickey is some bizarre character  who doesn't like sitting on soft things.
  This is now canon.
 We know it.
  You think that part of his world.
  Canon.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  I'll buy that.
 I'll go with you on that.
  I like the second floor that you can see from his.
  There is an implied second floor between the stairs and the first room you go into.
  There's like a balcony.
  Oh, yes.
 You can see a little bit of it on the video, the walkthrough.
  There's a good like twenty seventeen walkthrough that I was watching.
  Yeah, I am disappointed you can't go upstairs.
  Sure.
 I would like to see everything up there, but I want to know if the bed is hard.
  Well, it seems like the bed of art appears to be rock hard.
  The bed is, of course, rock hard.
  It would have to be rock hard.
 There would be no way.
  Hard bed.
 Yeah.
  It would be rock hard because that's just what he likes.
  That's canon now.
  Could it be that that is how we in the three dimensions process this?  Maybe it's soft to him.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
 Interesting.
  So since we're not of that world,  we feel the way our molecules mix with the molecules of the chair or the bed.
  It makes it feel hard.
  But the molecules of a Mickey or any other tune, it makes the chair soft.
  I see it's possible.
 Look, it's possible.
  Like it might bend and bounce as soon as you lay down on it.
  You know, like the like it would squish for him because he's squishy.
  Because yes, if two squishy things meet and then squishiness happens.
  But if I mean, humans aren't squishy.
  So if a hard human meets a hard chair, then it's just.
  It all stays rock hard.
 Rock hard.
  The chairs rock hard.
 Yeah.
  And your spine gets hurt.
 Unless you're squishy.
  Unless you're squishy.
  Yeah.
 OK, we solved it.
  This is all being played as evidence somewhere  several years from now.
  They left behind a tray, these deviant edge lords.
  Hour after hour.
  These men say this episode was the one the parents could listen to.
  Can you believe that, ladies and gentlemen of the jury?  Mr.
 Gardner, will you reread your own words from 20 to 2021?  Mickey's bed is rock hard.
  Exactly.
 I rest my case.
  I am an edge lord.
 Other edge lords aren't cool.
  I'm making edge lords cool again.
  Am I supposed to be embarrassed by this?  What's the problem? This trial is out of order.
  No further questions, Your Honor.
  Uh, the you see  there's books on his shelf that you could see.
  You could see Moby Duck.
  You could see Cheese and Bees.
  Cheese and Bees is very long, just like War and Peace.
  That's right.
 You can see Mickey's baby book.
  You can see he has dolls of himself and Minnie.
  And he's got a picture of Daddy, of Daddy Walt.
  Ah, they were staying bizarre again.
  You think Daddy, do you think Mickey calls him Daddy?  Yes.
 Yeah, this is never been.
  You're pulling things into canon, but you've just established out of nowhere  that Mickey calls Walt Daddy.
  Daddy, Daddy.
  Oh, gosh, Daddy.
  I didn't even mean it to be that creepy, but I think that's what we call him.
  Father.
 I don't know that he's his dad.
  Or anything.
 He is his dad.
  Walt.
 What would else would he be if he created him?  If only he didn't love cigarettes more than me.
  Iron Man calls Stan Lee his father, his daddy.
  What?  Did that happen somewhere?  I don't think so, but maybe.
  Maybe.
 I read as a very conflicted  relationship with his father, with the other Stark.
  It's got all your characters that you've created over the years.
  You know what they call you.
  You mean, wait, you mean like so me too, with my aforementioned videos?  Yeah, all those characters, your Moonbeam City characters, you're  their daddy.
  Hmm.
 So Chrysalis Tate calls me daddy.
  The kid, the Juggalo character, Crazy Thug Nuts calls me daddy.
  Yeah, that's correct.
  Yeah, nothing weird about it.
  Just a fact.
  I don't know if I was supposed to say any of that.
  Crazy Thug gosh.
  Keep it G rated.
  Oh, yeah.
 OK.
 Gosh rated.
  And I will try to not think about that.
  All these characters are somewhere.
  They're all somewhere.
  Yeah, the Moonbeam City is now available, by the way, or will be available,  I believe, on Paramount Plus.
  And as we know from the Super Bowl, Paramount Plus  takes place on top of a mountain on top of Mount Paramount,  where James Corden and Beavis and Butt-Head and Dora the Explorer hang out.
  So they're up there too.
  Even though each other food ran out weeks ago.
  Who looks the most delicious?  Oh, God damn it.
  SpongeBob is going to eat dazzle Novak.
  Oh, man.
 These characters, nobody cares about.
  Eat the one seasoners first.
  You got to warn them.
  They're weird.
 They call that guy Daddy all the time.
  Thousands dead on Mount Paramount.
  James Corden, the last to go.
  James Corden ate them all.
  That was the world war Z zombies turning on themselves.
  Oh, the humanity.
  I there's maybe something to talk about just before we get.
  Too far, and something I don't want to miss in this episode and devote some time to.
  And that is this  to times where all of the characters live in the houses that kind of reflect them  and their style, even Mickey's house is a little bit, you know, a little bit yellowish.
  It's sort of like looks like colors he would wear.
  Donald's boat looks like him.
  Goofy's bounce house even looks like it.
  So all right.
 So all the characters are there.
  They have their little characteristic houses.
  And then and so, of course, you got Minnie's house as well.
  Minnie, a separate house.
  Mickey and Minnie live in separate houses next door to each other.
  Interesting, noteworthy.
  Is this the way that  couples should be more often?  We go beyond just the separate beds into that.
  You have separate little houses,  but right next door to each other for easy visitation.
  Mickey and Minnie are lovers, but not married.
  I think that is the canon.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 And it's not like Duffy and Shelly May, who have there's just a platonic love,  a perfect love, but it is nothing.
  There's no sexual connotation to it at all.
  Mickey and Minnie's love, I think, is sexual in some way.
  So I but I don't think they're together.
  So it makes sense.
 Maybe they just live on the same street.
  That's when they first met each other because of just proximity,  which is how so many of us meet our partners is just we're by them at work,  at at play, at school, you know, whatever.
  That's how that happens.
  So I think it makes sense that they just sort of met.
  They happen to live near each other.
  And now they are together.
 They were neighbors.
  They were among the five people who lived in this one neighborhood.
  They were the two mouses, the two mice who lived next door to each other.
  There's a lot of expectation that they would get together.
  Do you think that it's ultimately a little hollow?  Are they paired up just because they're mice and they were the only mice in town?  It's possible.
 I mean, yeah, it's it's is it like they were together  since they were in high school and, you know, it was just sort of  just perpetual motion is the reason they're together.
  Possibly now it's there's a tradition.
  I mean, now there's an expectation that they have to be together  because they've been together for so long and they're the faces of these  of this giant company.
  And people would feel let down if that wasn't the case.
  So I think there's a lot of pressure on them in a lot of different ways  to stay together.
 But they yes, they they.
  You know, I think, you know, they like their own space, maybe.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I mean, if you could arrange two little houses  next door to each other, I could see the appeal in that.
  I don't like I don't want any distance from Aaron,  but how awesome would it be to have two little houses?  You'd still visit each other all the time.
  I just think that's hard to arrange.
  I think one house is tough enough, let alone.
  But I mean, it seems like more like what happens in like,  like, you know, your your leisure worlds, your like elderly communities.
  People have little little pads and they go visit each other.
  They hold hands and watch TV.
 Right.
  We're very eccentric rich people.
  Like the couple that I thought of that it's like, oh, they lived  across the way from each other is not one to emulate because it was Woody and Mia.
  So, OK, all right.
  I'm sure there's some old Hollywood like as is like the Golden Age of Hollywood.
  You know, more and more books came out over the years.
  You hear about weird like relationships like I don't.
  You know, people always talk about  Spencer Tracy and and and Hepburn, Catherine Hepburn.
  And but he never he never divorced his first wife.
  Like they they had a very odd, you know, kind of relationship.
  They had a professional one and then a romantic one.
  But it was it was very much a product of its time, where it's just like,  well, I can't get a divorce, you know.
  They could.
 So maybe Mickey and Minnie have a weird  Golden Age of Hollywood like sort of thing.
  That's when they came to prominence.
 It makes sense.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Played by those rules, by weird 30s rules.
  So you think Mickey was quietly married to Clarabelle the whole time?  Still is.
 Oh, yeah.
  I think that's what Jason's implying.
  Yeah, that's probably I think that's likely.
  Yeah, so it's a whole yeah, I mean, who knows?  Could Mickey and Minnie's love be sort of an arranged marriage type of a thing?  Could it sort of just be for show at this point?  And like Mickey and Minnie have other boyfriend and girlfriends.
  I mean, maybe I'm just saying like Minnie could maybe date.
  It's possible that she could have the ability to date and see other people.
  If they are married, she definitely does.
  The tabloid version.
  This is this is the sanitized version of Mickey and Minnie.
  But like like Bogart and Bacall was much rockier, you know,  much more chaotic than then the popular culture remembers it.
  I mean, I look, I've talked to people and they've seen Minnie on Hinge, you know.
  She's on there.
  So I don't know what the story is, but something's going on.
  So if she were to like, I don't know, get a little flirty  with a random part guest repeatedly, right, it doesn't.
  It's not.
 I don't know.
  But she could be looking for more.
 It's possible.
  Yeah, never know.
  I'm hearing that's what I'm hearing.
 That's what I'm hearing.
  I am.
 I found a bizarre bit of literature kind of about everything  that we're referring to.
  I don't even remember the website anymore.
  They might not mind if I don't source them in this case, but  I let me this is just really strange.
  It's so cute that Mickey and Minnie Mouse built their houses  next door to each other in Toontown.
  As far as the public knows, they have never been married.
  Although Walt Disney said this is my change everything.
  Walt Disney said in a 1933 interview that in private life,  Mickey is married to Minnie.
  Whoa.
 From Walt.
  But they keep up their public persona by having their own places to live.
  Whoa, wait a minute.
  So this person's extrapolating from a Walt quote that  it's actually the opposite of what we've all been saying, that they are married  and that the separate houses are to keep the possibility open.
  Allah.
 Let's not say that John Lennon has a girlfriend  because we need the girls to think they can get with him.
  Just like all girls want to know that maybe at the end of the day  they could still get with Mickey.
  Wow.
 So what you're saying is that I've been led to believe a lie  about many and myself and that Minnie is actually married  and she's just been leading me on and maybe hundreds to thousands  of other park guests over the years, hundreds of thousands of park  guests over the years by making a loud smooch noise  and rubbing her plastic snout into my head.
  Yes.
 And it never came out because Mickey and Minnie  clearly had something on Golden Age of Hollywood columnists had a hopper  who Helen Mirren said Helen Mirren, someone played her in a feud  Betty versus Joan.
  So maybe it was Walt.
  Maybe Walt had the dirt on her.
  And he's like, don't you ever do you ever print that Mickey and Minnie  are married or I will ruin you?  Oh, this was this quote.
 Yeah.
  Somebody might have like by this getting Lee.
  Walt said this to a reporter at a party.
  He'd had a couple of drinks and he let it slip and then it got printed.
  And that reporter is no longer with us.
  He ended up in the town late before Mickey.
  She's got a crush on you.
  Like they even together for a while.
  And it's just a crush like that's it's a little weird.
  But if they're keeping up appearance, if they're, you know, do it, it's an act.
  This is interesting because like what I was very lucky  and I got to go into Walt's apartment on Main Street.
 Mm hmm.
  And there are two fold out twin beds.
  Oh, yeah.
 One for Walt and one for his wife, Lillian.
 Right.
  But like, yes, people adults slept in the same bed.
  You know, wasn't like I love Lucy.
  That's my understanding.
  But apparently it was fashionable for a while.
  People thought for health reasons, it was better to sleep in separate beds.
  Like medical, the medical, you know, studies on that were not quite clear.
  People that I want.
  Well, it did appear more chased on TV.
  Interesting.
 But I wonder if like Walt was thinking, you know,  when people tour this and for many years, I want them to think that Lillian  and I were both single.
  But yeah, because he's on TV, too.
  He's in the same boat as as Mickey.
  He's on.
  It's weird to think that Walt Disney would still on TV all the time.
  Well, like when the John Lennon thing, I'm discreetly John Lennon on it.
  Sullivan, like that's happening alongside Walt.
  And so, yeah, it's Beatlemania, but it's always Walt mania from like the 40s on.
  The same world screaming for the Beatles would also scream for Walt Disney.
  They want to go with him.
  He has a wedding ring on when he was touring Imagineering on TV.
  We got to check.
 Oh, I should say, yeah, when he's kind of  when he's like taking that tour guide around, like with the hat  and the little like bull riding thing, whatever.
  What do you call it? The crop riding crop or the crop?  Yeah, yeah, I don't know.
  I got to check.
  Yeah, well, it's got to keep that dashing single image alive.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, I always talk about Uncle Walt.
  They don't do they talk about aunt, aunt Lillian, little Auntie Lillian.
  I don't know.
 I've never heard that.
 Yeah.
  Hmm.
 Hmm.
 He wasn't out there as much.
  This is all.
 Don't you dare print?  Don't you dare print that?  Judy Davis was the actor who played Hedda Hopper.
  Oh, terrific.
 Terrific.
  She's good.
 Yeah.
  Um, hmm.
 So strange.
  It's a false front.
  The because you you the you won't think anything is weird.
  Oh, of course, this relationship like  they are not technically locked down because they just live next to each other  in two separate houses.
  Right.
 So a completely normal thing.
  I was also wondering, is the last name a coincidence  or are they did was her name not?  Maybe she like other care like  goofy had no last name at all.
  She was many with no maiden name and then took his.
  Are Donald Daisy secretly married as well because they're both duck.
  Now you just don't there's just no representation of Daisy.
  She doesn't have like a separate boat next to his and she doesn't seem to have  like a room in there.
  I don't see any Daisy belongings in the boat.
  There are photos of her on the boat.
  Isn't there a Daisy's house at one of the parks?  There's I only know I know this.
  I've brought this up before in the Julio Torres stand up special.
  He brings up that there is a door that says Daisy's house and you just can't go in it.
  Oh, I that's the representation.
  You don't get to know.
  A person.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, she doesn't want people.
  Rightfully so.
 Like thousands of people going into your house every day.
  I think it's odd that the characters.
  If we go back to the Toontown mythology and we haven't talked a lot about Toontown,  but the whole idea with Toontown is that what the Imaginers are selling to you  is that it was always there.
  Like when Disneyland opened, he also like got put in a little gated  community for the characters to live so that they could be close and like come out  and say hi to everybody.
  So it's not just that, you know,  Toontown opened to the public in nineteen eighty three,  but it was always back there.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 So they've  I forget my original point with this.
  I think it's I think it's neat.
  I don't remember where I was going.
  You were just going to say something shocking, probably to try to.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Some some some edge lordy stuff.
  Yeah, I just.
  Oh, just like those houses existed.
  But the idea is like it's so in the 90s, they had to cut a new deal.
  Like, are you cool with we're going to open the gate here  and people are going to flood into this house? Right.
  So anything you don't want us to see, you got to hide now like a gun.
  Like they like your bed.
  They had to get rid of a lot of different things in those places, probably.
  And just to make it sure to make sure people would  not be offended by whatever paraphernalia Mickey had lying around.
  And so Daisy said, no, Daisy was like, no, nobody's coming into my house.
  Yeah.
 F you.
  Gosh, you gosh, you know, it's coming in here.
  My Daisy voice.
 Yeah.
  So it's I'm trying to think.
  I was thinking like, who else house wise do you want to go into?  Like, who other care?  What other characters in the Disney parks house do you want to see?  Like if you could go into anyone's house, they have to be a theme park  specific character, but like Indiana Jones is on the table since he's in a ride.
  They have to be so.
  So I can't it can't be Disney characters or the characters who are in the park.
  I would say it has to be in park characters,  and it would be sort of an adjacent thing to maybe where their ride or experience was.
  Like, would you?  Yeah.
 Would you want to see like where Chewie lives in Galaxy's Edge?  What would be your number one?  Because as a kid, I think I always I was very big on having like the playsets of toys  where you would see characters live like the Ghostbusters firehouse.
  And I was like kind of upset that they didn't have their own beds in the firehouse.
  And I remember a babysitter one time made me like little napkins  and was like, here, we'll make the beds for them.
  And I was like, this is awesome.
  Yes, I do want to see where the Ghostbusters sleep.
  And then my mom threw them out immediately because she said it was a fire hazard.
  There's a lot going on here.
  You want to see where the Ghostbusters sleep, first of all.
  I did.
 I like that.
  And when I got the Ninja Turtles sewer, I like the idea that I could  I could like put the figures in like a lying down and have them sleep.
  I like the idea that I could see where they lived.
  You made little beds for the characters.
  Yeah, I will.
 The sewer didn't come with beds.
  None of these playsets came with beds, which bothered me because I was like,  if this is where they live, I want to see their beds.
  So this babysitter made me little napkin beds for the Ghostbusters,  which was thrown out immediately by my mother.
  But I'm saying like I for whatever reason, I liked that idea.
  I liked I think I've made them feel more alive to me.
  I like seeing like Michelangelo sleeping.
  And this is the fireproof safe that  Donatello made them all to store their Social Security cards and passports in.
  Yes, I wanted to see what kind of safe Donatello would invent.
  You wanted to know you could steal the turtles identities if you so wanted to.
  I mean, you will.
  This is where Venkman and Spengler, this is the medicine cabinet  where they keep their centrum silver because they're getting older.
  That's got to be in the new Ghostbusters, some sort of scene like that.
  Yeah, I think like I just like getting I like those fantasy land rides,  the dark rides a lot for kind of the similar reason.
  Like you got to go into the Dwarves house.
  You get to see and this is look, this is these are there's TLC shows.
  You know, people are fascinated, I think, by seeing where other people live  and when all the rooms in people's houses.
  And I think there's so many reality shows based on it.
  I have very little interest in seeing where human beings live.
  Mike, I think people like those shows because they're usually like.
  Insane characters or like just wild people.
  I don't know that many people are like, oh, check out the bed.
  But check out the 90 day fiance is like a home.
  I'm saying like House Hunters or the flipper shows like we.
  OK, we used to go to, you know, model homes all the time or open houses.
  And we did that.
 Yeah, we did.
  OK, I see what you're saying.
  There's a human being, I think, a psychological thing with like  just wanting to see where other people are sleeping.
  I don't know what I think I have it.
  I don't think I know what you mean.
  Jason, where does it or does this does this resonate with you at all?  We got to see Egon's bed.
  Well, I I I kind of like  half because I I see Mike's perspective,  because I I would often worry about like, wait, so how do  so each X-Men has their own room and they're eating.
  Everyone's eating, right?  Everyone's getting it.
  I was asleep.
 Yes.
  I read about it.
  The machinations you wanted to know.
  I do.
 I it's also like in movies and TV.
  I'm like, does anyone in this do they ever go to the bathroom?  I but I know I know now that that like storywise,  it's just not enough time to put that in.
  I think for house hunters and and that sort of thing  or where love it or listed, that is kind of aspirational.
  Like is people like, oh, that would be cool.
  Maybe we could get a house like that.
  You know, I did read a while back that, you know, the reason open,  open concept, like open living room into kitchen is popular,  like on those shows is a lot because  men, when they watch, keep the channel tuned in.
  If there's demolition going on.
  So they often are demolishing walls to put rooms together.
  Like that is his like designers are not necessarily very fond of that.
  It's just like become popular because people see it on TV.
  We're forgetting also an example that is not currently on.
  But two examples, lifestyles, the rich and famous, but also cribs.
  People want to see famous people's houses.
  They want to see what it looks like.
  They want to see all the nooks and crannies.
  I don't think it's OK.
  I'm not.
 I'm not.
  There's a voyeurism to it.
  Yeah.
 People want to see the lives of the rich and famous.
  Yeah.
 But like you, I wanted to know.
  I wanted a schematic of the X-Men's mansion and I wanted to know where Colossus  slept.
 I want to know which room Beast slept in.
  I wanted to know all of that stuff.
  And I would have really appreciated like a comprehensive map.
  I think they have some maps like that.
 Yeah, there are some here.
  I've never had this desire about a character.
  I can think of no examples of wanting to see where somebody's bed was.
  Now, you keep saying bed is if I'm meaning in a sexual.
  I don't take all the sex any sexiness out of this.
  There's nothing to do with that.
  I'm not.
 I think it's just but even regardless, I think there's a  there's like a privacy issue here.
  Like you are like wanting that that you're kind of this overseer  like and they're and I tuck the turtles in and there and now they are down.
  And they're like, right.
 They'll be up in eight hours.
  Rest up, guys.
 A lot of good fighting today.
  Great fighting boys.
  I had when I was a kid, I had a like  multi-year narrative with my stuffed animals where I would make up stories with them.
  And I remember this so vividly.
  I remember their bit like what the base I had created in their head.
  My head was for them.
  And I would like enjoy like, well, then Wile E.
  Coyote goes over here to sleep in his room.
  And then this character goes over here like it was very organized in hindsight.
  Wiley Coyote has a room.
  Yes.
 He has a  what he sleeps on a human bed and not just like on a rock or in a cave.
  They lived in a base that was in a waterfall is my memory.
  And I had like my Ernie doll, my Wiley Coyote doll.
  I think maybe I had Sonic the Hedgehog in there.
  There were like a collection of five characters that I had teamed up  like the Avengers, and I would like make up a story about them almost every night.
  And I remember these.
  I remember this pretty vividly.
  And I could probably sketch out what the base looks like in my head  of what the adventures they would go on to.
  Well, the listeners are going to want to see that now.
  That's good ancillary content.
  All right.
 Here is the waterfall.
  Here's like the square footage of the waterfall base where Ernie  and Wiley Coyote and Sonic the Hedgehog.
  Here's where there's where Sonic kept his rings.
  Here's Sonic's ring closet.
  And then Ben, just make sure you do have like somebody.
  There's like a the base is under renovation and there's a lot of jackhammering  going on, so our male listeners will not tune out when looking at the photos of the base.
  We should retroactively put a lot of jackhammering sounds on this podcast  just to keep people engaged for the boys, for the fellas.
  Yeah, for the lads, for the lads, for the lads.
  I you kind of share, I think, a sensibility with  I never go wrong if I end up in my little podcast research on Disney dot fandom dot com,  which always has some odd odd bits of writing.
  And this this I know I feel like maybe you wrote this.
  They break down the things in the house, the many rooms,  most of which we haven't gotten to and may not.
  Just the with the pace we're going the places of interest.
  Bedroom where Mickey sleeps inside his room,  you can see his black shoes he wears in the parks, as well as the famous suit  and other clothes he wears in the parks.
  Also is a photo of Minnie and a very sloppy bed.
  I was.
  Doesn't the bed fluctuate?  I thought the one bed was clean and the other was sloppy.
 Regardless.
  I the one closet is just the tucks and tails like he wears in the parks.
  And that seems hard.
  That's the stars.
 He does not get the rest.
  And he wears other clothes, you know.
  Yeah, I wear other clothes.
  Yeah, all the time.
 Yes.
  Many as Mickey has many clothes.
  Also, just the last one on the list bathroom where he bathes and does his grooming.
  I also highlighted that section of places of interest.
  All right.
 I did write you as well.
  I did write that.
 Yeah.
  You edited out the other filth people do in the bathroom.
  You know, when I hear about Mickey's waist.
  I just want to know where my favorite characters go to the bathroom.
 Yeah.
  I just want to see it.
  Mickey and Minnie have separate toilets.
  They don't share because they have to keep up their public personas.
  So hers looks like her and has polka dots and his is bright yellow  with strips of red.
  It's shaped like his face.
  He poops into his own face.
  Mickey poops into his face.
  Now here, now at the at the one hour forty five mark or something.
  You said the phrase Mickey poops into his own face.
  And again, you ask the jury to not think  that anything is wrong.
  I rest my case.
 You are your work.
  Oh, boy.
 I mean, that's I think this is where we knew  things were going on.
  A character is like  finding out about their lives.
  Do we do we  we like this barn idea, this movie barn.
  I always liked how that so the so the premise here is that  Mickey is set up, you know, he doesn't necessarily want to go all the way up  to Burbank to shoot the movies on the Disney lot.
  So they've set up a place where he can make things himself.
  So when you meet Mickey, he is in the middle of filming.
  And there's one of four little places where he could be filming.
  I want to say these are if I can remember,  Infantasia is one source of the print is seen Mickey through the looking glass  is one the band concert is one, which was what that one ride is based on.
  The the silly symphony swings and Steambow Willie,  which I like because it's black and white.
  I always that's the one I wanted to get when I did this as a kid.
  And I don't think I did because I like that the set is black and white  and they make his clothes black and white as well.
  I thought that was clever.
  Yes, that's I have tried.
  We've only done this a couple of times, honestly.
  And I've never gotten that one.
  That one seems like the most fun to get.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You can get on the boat and swing the ropes and stuff.
  But I like this idea in general, this whole like I'll make the studio  come to me.
  This is like this is before a podcast is before Marin in the garage.
  This is before Rogan move into Texas.
  This is he was very industrious to like,  you know, he like, I've made my money.
  They can come to me.
  I was talking to.
 Oh, yeah.
  No, go ahead.
  Oh, I was I was talking to Robert Rodriguez.
  I like took a look around like he sat up down in Austin and like, it's great.
  He doesn't have suits bothering him, you know, breathing down his neck.
  I guess what you want just like the freedom.
  You know, you can get catering from Captain Kids every day and it's right there.
  Come on, check out the facility, shoot whatever you want.
  Yeah, let's just like make something crazy, like just for us,  like just to knock Hollywood on their asses.
  I've been making a lot of experimental films in my garage, too.
  Nobody's going to see him.
  It's just for me.
  Yeah, you're not.
  No, I love I love this idea.
  I mean, he's got a great idea and he's got the money to make it happen.
  And he can work from home.
 Yeah, he working from home.
  It's a better way of life, better quality of life.
  It's great only being at home and doing all your work from home rules.
  I think we've all learned this.
  Yeah, we love this.
 We love it.
  We love doing this on Zoom.
  It's not going back, by the way.
  I take back the country bear.
  I take back that country bear promise.
  It's going to be on Zoom.
 Sorry.
  Wait, no, we're sticking to no, no.
  I love Zoom now.
  No, we have to do this.
  I've turned the corner.
  You and Jason can get together.
  20 minute commute.
  Save on the commute, you know, save on the gas.
  I feel like Jason's going to be on Zoom, too, though, so.
  We've all just gotten to.
  We're all just going to do it from bed now.
  We'll look at each other in our sloppy beds, our very sloppy beds.
  I'm lying down.
 I put this on the ceiling, this backdrop on the ceiling.
  It's stuck to the ceiling.
 I'm lying down.
  And I don't want to explain it.
  I don't want to explain how it works with the physics,  but needless to say, I'm lying down like a tune house thing.
 Yep.
  So, yeah, Mickey doesn't have to commute.
  He was probably just producing through the pandemic.
  He was probably at no slowdown as far as his output.
  Oh, sure.
 Made a whole feature.
  My movie about lockdown, because like you have to address it.
  You have to like it's an outfit in the room and people want to see like my take on it.
  People want to be reminded of this time for the next couple of years.
  I'm pretty confident of that.
  They want most of their art to reflect it.
  We don't want to just forget.
  I like this.
 I like all of this stuff, too, because  it's another sort of childhood fascination of corridors and secret areas and surprises when it comes to like the idea of a mansion.
  We've said this before, I'm sure, with like a secret room or a secret this.
  Like going into Mickey's house the first time whenever I did it, which is in my late 20s, I'm sure, it was like, oh, well, there's this and this as well.
  There's a real fun exploration aspect of it, too, because you think you're just going to see the basics.
  But no, no, all this stuff is this discovery is what I'm saying, which is fun.
  The way it keeps going back and back.
  And I don't think I knew any of that.
  And I love that.
 Like, it's kind of eerie, the backyard with the chickens.
  That glow is kind of strange, but it's a cool room.
  I was watching a walkthrough and like, man, I would absolutely would like to go be in that room again.
  I really like those chickens.
  Those are some good, like plasticky 90s animatronics.
  And isn't there there's like a there's a gag with carrots, like that a carrot disappears and a gopher pops up or something like that.
  Yep.
 That's all nice.
  Mickey's Mickey's overalls are there, which looks like he left his butt in them.
  Oh, yeah.
 Or just kind of like permanently.
  They're stretched to a butt degree.
  Yeah.
 And it says mouse, kosh, right?  Mouse, kosh, like mouse, kosh.
  Yeah.
 Mouse, kosh.
  See, we should have said seat or we should have said, gosh, mouse, kosh, but gosh.
  So, yeah, I like all this.
  All the detail is fun.
  And a lot of stuff I missed.
  I wish I was like, oh, this would have been great to go and then like write everything down.
  Mickey's to do list.
  Mickey has a to do list pinned up somewhere.
  Oh, yeah.
 Is there anything interesting on there?  Well, he wakes up at 5 a.
m.
  and he commits to being in the movie barn at 630 a.
m.
  Oh, God.
 Yeah.
  And kind of brutal.
  What are lawn call Mickey call many  eat a balanced breakfast, play with Pluto, mouser size.
  He makes time to mouser size.
  It's really hard to build good habits.
  So like he seems committed.
  And I think paper to do lists help me more than apps.
  I think if I write it down, I will more likely to get it done if I write down on paper.
  So, yeah, I respect it.
  I like that he writes with he writes like the in the Disney font  with all the swirls and the W's done in the swirly way and the eyes are dotted  and the D, which it's like, boy, it's insane to see an entire thing written that way.
  It's like seeing a big like Prince liner notes where there's so many twos  and fours and you.
  You really got to stare at it for a while to know what you're looking at.
  You know, that's how you know it's a great art.
  It's almost illegible when you see a whole page of that, like the like the Springsteen,  the the copies of his like darkness on the edge of town of books is chicken scratch.
  It is almost unreadable because they're just like throwing it out.
  They're not taking time to make it look nice.
  So, I mean, that's like that.
  I feel like is the most of what I have to say about, oh, you know, one more thing.
  I really like that little.
  So you get through you get into the movie barn and you're waiting for the light  to go on to tell you that you can go into one of the Mickey little stages.
  And there's this great  like montage of it's old trailers, basically, for what it's,  you know, 30s, 40s style old timey trailers for the things that he's shooting,  mixed with all this interstitial stuff of Goofy and Donald working on the projector  and like loading up the next clip and Mickey shows up in it at one point.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Like all this like the like their shadows in the projector in the queue there.
  Yeah, I like that so much.
  There's like really clever animation.
  Goofy has a fight with a hair that's stuck in the projector.
  Like the hair is jittering around and then it gets bigger and bigger  and chases him around and Donald gets stuck.
  I really like it despite it.
  Like this is one of those things that made me a little scared as a kid,  like projector hijinks.
  I was thinking of like watching Gremlins 2 recently.
  We talked about that Gremlins ride like anything.
  Oh, you know, also, oh, the big one, the from that Hitchcock thing in Florida,  when the birds interrupt the projection, when there's a bunch of bird shadows,  I found that I still find that kind of eerie and upsetting.
  Like that's you just trust that a projector shouldn't go wrong.
  If any, that'll always get me a scene where like the thing  where something melts on purpose always freaks me out.
  Things are very wrong.
  No, I think that all that Mickey stuff, like there's so much stuff  you would easily miss, I think, just walking through here once,  which is like any of the best stuff we always always talk about is like  you would want to like hang out and see, you know, new stuff every time you go.
  And it's like even watching this video again, and I haven't been in there in a while.
  I go, oh, yeah, this thing is packed, packed with little jokes, packed with stuff.
  And it's like it's still it holds up, you know, yeah, all that stuff, I think.
  It might be because of the projector, but it reminds me a lot of the  I know it's put in in the same era as the Indiana Jones adventure  and therefore the Indiana Jones queue, which also just goes and goes and goes.
  And you lose sense of geography.
  And where are you at this point?  And what building am I in now?  And it's so engaging, even though you haven't had the main experience yet.
  Just every bit of it's been been interesting and exciting.
  And I know they were firing on all cylinders.
  I think they they made this a very cool experience.
  You can feel that you can feel the Eisner in it.
  That's what I think.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm throwing money at stuff.
  Attention to detail now, which is a little less the case  with the Mickey's birthday land house.
  And we're winding down here, but I want to I want to give a little time to this  put in in 1988.
  This was intended to be kind of this temporary land.
  And then it stuck around and got to townified  and kind of unified with the one in in California.
  But so it's it's Mickey's, what, 60th birthday, I believe.
  So they did kind of like a little mini toon town,  clearly like paving the way to toon town, but a little less committed.
  And there is a Mickey's house and it's kind of lumpy.
  It's not as lumpy, but a little bit lumpy.
  But the main thing is that you go in  and as opposed to the eventual toon town version,  it's pretty much just a regular house.
 Yes.
  And I knew this.
  I couldn't have articulated exactly what was wrong,  but I had seen the pictures of toon town in California.
  And then I went into Mickey's birthday land.
  And what a disappointment.
  But but I love it now so much.
  Now it amuses me very much that this is the style of the house.
  And Mike, when you were talking about the chairs,  about being disappointed by the hard chairs,  I was staring at a photo that I had not seen.
  Look at this black and white photo of Mickey in his Florida house  in a soft chair, in completely a grandpa's house,  kind of like next to an unadorned fireplace.
  It's a plain room with nothing on the table.
  And he's reading the newspaper.
  He's reading the funny pages.
  Is it like a modify, like an especially cartoony Disney  customized funny pages? No, I can see from the shapes.
  He's reading Kathy.
  He's reading the regular comics.
  They grabbed an Orlando Sentinel from Main Street.
  Yes, just though he's reading about like George Bush's recent policies.
  He's staying abreast on real world events.
  So I love this.
  I like the the not fun, not cartoony.
  And I wonder, like, was the idea to do all right?  Well, Mickey's house, that's got to be a madhouse.
  That's got to be crazy.
 He's the craziest cartoon mind.
  We have to make it full of cartoon stuff.
  And then it got scaled back and like, it's kind of just got to be a table.
  Or was it just like a lack of creativity from the beginning?  Yeah, that's a good question.
  My memory is that you couldn't get close to things either.
  Like there were like roped off.
  They're they're blocked off.
  Well, by the end of by the by the time it was like Toontown Fair,  it was a little more cartoony.
  Like they would add stuff.
  They that's when they put up like here's like the fish that he caught up  on the mantle and it's a big cartoony fish.
  But even then, you couldn't go close to anything, I don't think.
  You couldn't go close to anything because you didn't really you could just.
  This was like a walkthrough, because, yeah, you would meet Mickey  and the judges tent.
  The weirdest element of this is the kitchen to me.
  Did you guys look at the kitchen?  Remind me.
 Yeah, show us.
  Or unless you.
 OK.
  Well, the idea of the kitchen,  I don't have it directly in front of me, is that it's a mess.
  There's like holes in the walls.
  There's paint everywhere because  they Donald and Goofy convinced Mickey to  let them use his home for the kitchen  remodeling contest for the fair.
  Demonstration.
  Yes, it's going to be that's right.
  And there is a handwritten note saying as much.
  Oh, gosh.
  Somebody want to read the note?  Somebody want to do a Mickey here?  Sure, I can read it in the Disney Disney.
  When you boys said you wanted to enter the home  remodeling contest by walking like to wait by  where you're making by making my kitchen look different.
  You weren't kidding.
  It sure looks different.
 All.
  All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 Let's.
  And then it smears and then it gets eerie.
  Huh? This is him.
  This is Mickey scolding  Donald and Goofy for messing up his house.
  Yeah, because there's pain everywhere.
  There's there's a hole in the wall.
  It's noticeable, though, that as you talk about just real stuff,  the kitchen table and has just two folding chairs,  two regular folding chairs on it.
  I love this.
 I love this weird.
  And I think something that I like about it is that  it feels like how it felt to visit your your grandpa,  your grandma at the time.
  Like they like and I'll show you like here's how the kitchen looked.
  I think before this this Goofy Donald gag,  like this fruit lamp and just here's some tea.
  It's not wacky stuff.
 It's just I got my tea, my  my teacups and my cozies and my cookie and my radio.
  No, it's not like a boombox.
  It's like, no, it's an old, you know, it's what you hear Glenn Miller on.
  I listen to my stories and and then the like  what's on top of the the the stove.
  It's just like, like these are products from the 20s.
  Like his his sugar and his flour are like Mr.
  Henderson's old time goodness.
  Molasses like and oh, you know, in my  my spice rack, I have a little plant, you know,  I forget to water it, though.
  It's so incredibly mundane.
  That sink that's there's nothing fun going on with the sink.
  No, it's just a sink.
  It's a sink with like an old time cloth.
  I don't know what you would even call it, like separating the under sink.
  There's not even a cabinet.
  The red and white checkerboard.
  Yeah, just like a tablecloth would be like he's a he just has an old person's  house, which I guess he's from the 30s.
  We were talking about him having these 30s dating ideals, but you know,  yeah, got some hard candy, you know, take  the little strawberries with the goo inside.
  You can have those.
  Tell me if you're not eating them anymore, because I don't.
  I buy those especially for you.
  So I'll save I'll save two dollars a week if I don't have to buy them anymore.
  I don't know what runs are nerds are.
  That sounds too outrageous of a candy for me.
  Those will get you hopped up.
  Just just some rig, just some Werther's just some Werther's originals.
  I said I'd never drink Senko, but it is good after dinner.
  It doesn't keep you awake, you know.
  Do you want your third meal of milk and cheese?  Come on, you're grown boy.
  You need that milk and cheese.
  Yeah, I I remember being so  I do.
 I don't think I'm revising my own history.
  I remember being let down by not being able to go around and see stuff  and then either either before or after seeing Toontown pictures and going,  yes, that's right.
  This is not.
  Oh, I remember.
 Yeah, I remember.
  Well, look at the then look at the TV room.
  This is like this is a room that you are cleaning up  because the person has just passed away.
 This.
  This looks, by the way, some of this stuff looks like Walt's apartment  on Main Street.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It really does.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So yeah, Mickey lives in a house that looks like it's the it's the  aesthetic and style of somebody who died in 1966.
  Yes.
 That little it's a little TV.
  Like it would not even if it's a circular screen.
  I don't think I knew there was such a thing as it was just a little circle.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's like it's like half the real estate of the box.
  Original TV was just a circle.
  It's just seen one person's head and that was it.
  I just want to come home after a long day and watch the Dumont  network on my little circle TV.
  I love I watch Ozzie and Harriet and I can't.
  No, I can't see both Ozzie and Harriet at the same time.
  I have to choose which one can only show one one in the circle.
  I heard tonight will feature Harriet's year.
  Really excited to see what her ear looks like.
  I have a painting of a bridge.
  I think the frame is just lovely.
  Just so ornate.
 It's like being a museum.
  I've been knitting a Christmas tree skirt for a while.
  I think it's coming together.
  I just get I do the prepackaged one.
  It's got the snow, but the white just kicked on there permanently.
  I just I can't go to the lot every year and the prices.
  Oh, my.
 Oh, gosh.
 Oh, gosh.
 Oh, gosh.
  The old lady Mickey is pretty good.
  Is a pretty good character.
  I'm glad you had illustrations because I didn't go back this far.
  I and I am looking at like 2011 Toontown Fairhouse, and I'm like,  when you first started talking about this, I was like,  yeah, you guys are right.
 It looks real normal.
  Uh huh.
 And I think like I'm losing my mind.
  Staring at the big fish.
  What do they mean? I'm glad I'm illustrating it.
  It's a lot of fun as a big fit.
  But there's even like in the later house, he had like a crazy radio  with a big smile and there's eyes in the speakers.
  But in the original one, it was just a regular old radio.
  And he never from 1949.
  Well, that's his country house.
  That's why they had to add that on at the country house.
  You know, he didn't put all of his fun stuff in there.
  That was just sort of a getaway spot to be reminded of the simple times.
  Well, it's I guess it's like how you would rent a house.
  And it was like a kind of all of somebody else's stuff, you know,  like you go like like a vacation home feels kind of stuck 20 years ago  because people aren't living there all the time.
  Yeah, maybe that maybe that was the idea.
  Do you think while Disneyland's been closed, Mickey's been renting it out  as an Airbnb?  Possible.
 I mean, I guess he has to live somewhere, but you never see him there  when we're at Disneyland, so he's got to have another house.
  Like, I'm worried about spreading the virus that way, but, you know,  like, you know, they're going to do what they're going to do.
  And I'm not going anywhere near it for months.
  And I got to make that money.
  So freedom of choice.
  Mickey has been lying low in that Colorado town that was like, all right,  everyone with a vacation home, get out, stop coming here and spreading the virus.
  He probably perfectly recreated that Mickey, the Florida Mickey  house in Colorado somewhere.
  There's that old lady Mickey house in Colorado now.
  That's where he's been hanging.
 Oh, yeah.
  Until this thing blows over.
  You see, he's hanging with Lauren.
  He's saying he's around with Lauren over there.
  They are all in Colorado.
  They were doing rapid tests.
  We're doing rapid tests.
  You know, we're feeling pretty safe.
  It's like an April rep.
  I've gotten I've gotten food poisoning from Shooters Grill three times.
  OK, can happen anywhere.
  They're all they've all been vaccinated since since August somehow.
  Oh, yeah.
  The Bellemingrove Super Site.
  Yeah.
 The Davos injection site.
  Yeah.
 Are you going to tell me I didn't earn it?  I've been entertaining people for,  God, what, 100 years this point?  I mean, if I not paid my debts to you, give me it first.
  De Niro gets it then Mickey.
  Keith Richards.
  More important.
  I've publicly cast them down on the vaccine, but yeah, I got it.
  OK, it's sort of, you know,  like, I don't really believe that it was just kind of for the base.
  You know, you got to play to what they want.
  I'm just saying that to the size isn't fully in yet.
  Meanwhile, I got it.
  I got it.
  Yeah, so I am the then just before we wrap up,  because we somehow this this phrase is not been said,  and I cannot resist the opportunity to talk about something that's come up  on the show before I was so happy that it became a successful call  and response when we did a live show.
  But obviously, my favorite part of the house  is when Mickey needs to make a phone call, what does he do?  I use the damn I we've now we've talked a bunch about the mundanity of the house.
  And maybe that gives you a greater picture of why I love this so much.
  This very flat phrase.
  It's just like, if I need to store a box, I use the attic.
  If I need to plug in Christmas lights, I use the outdoor outlet.
  This is just not there's no cartooning this or comedy contained in the phrase.
  A regular my dad could say, if I need to make a call, I use the den.
  Don't have to change anything about the phrase.
  But I know I forget when I brought this up before, if I played the clip  and forgive me if I did, but just I'm just going to do the whole context here.
  And sometimes people ask, what is this  from? And I wanted to make sure I knew which one it was.
  We put the clip on our YouTube, but it's also the special it's from is the 1988  Walt Disney World, Fourth of July Spectacular.
  It's a general preview of Mickey's birthday land.
  The things hosted by Mark Summers.
  So if you see Mark Summers and not Regis, which is very rare,  then you know you're in the right special.
  But let me just this whole because I like the den thing,  but I love the other stuff very much, too.
  So here's oh, wait, I think I shared the wrong screen.
  Got confused.
 OK, there we go.
  Boy, is there plenty to do here like visiting my house.
  Want to take a peek?  This is my living room.
  I love to play the piano in there.
  And nothing to play your piano.
  Yeah, it's a wait.
 He's playing a player piano.
  This is like the mini.
 How many lies, Mickey?  The mini lies, the marriage lies, the player piano.
  Where does it? You can see the scroll, Mickey.
  We can see the scroll.
 We know you're a cipher.
  You're no we know you're an everyman on screen,  but like you're living your life that way, too.
  Come on, man.
  Also, this Mickey voice.
  This is this is like Mickey.
  Hey, Mickey Mouse, you recognize this voice, don't you?  There's so much to do.
  I use the pen.
  I don't I feel we've done a lot of Mickey's throughout this.
  We've been doing a Mickey voice this whole episode, and I don't I would  I don't feel great about my I'm definitely no more than a C minus  in a regular Mickey Mouse voice, maybe even lower.
  I think my I think I do a pretty good not right Mickey.
  I think when it comes to which I think this would make for a great SNL audition  that because you got to do the impressions.
  And if I said, OK, so this is Mickey Mouse, but not like the one from the cartoons.
  But like when they do a special and it was like not the right  voice is kind of off like so anyway, here it is.
  Well, I couldn't hear.
  I think Lauren laughed.
  I'm pretty sure he knew what I was talking about.
  Marcy Klein laughed.
  I heard mercy.
  But I don't know about I think Lauren did.
  That I have to make a telephone call.
  I use the den.
  Yeah.
 Anybody for a cheese sandwich?  That's good, too.
  Pleasant dreams, everybody.
  Haha.
  Haha.
 That laugh.
  That's not even Mickey's.
  Haha.
 Yeah.
  You know the Mickey laugh.
  Haha.
  Kind of fused with peewee, I think.
  Yeah.
 I.
  Anybody for a cheese sandwich?  A little aggressive.
  You see it?  Like, yeah, like escape trying like desperately.
  Those words are trying to desperately escape from his mouth.
  I need to make a call.
  I use the den.
  There's a pause as if a joke is coming or a pun or something.
  And nope, no.
  If I want to brighten the room up, I put in a plant.
  Just if the pipe breaks, I call a plumber because I don't want to like,  you know, you could like watch a tutorial, but like rather just leave it.
  You're an expert and I can afford it, obviously.
  So like, I guess cheese sandwich is like, oh, isn't that cute?  He's a mouse.
  It's a cheese sandwich.
  There's that.
  But you might also just be like also like a just a bachelor would say that,  like somebody who doesn't live with somebody who knows how to cook.
  Cheese sandwich again.
  When I'm hungry, I just take a big spoonful of peanut butter out of the jar.
  Haha.
  The way Mike has always eaten.
  No, that's only pandemic.
  That's only from the pandemic.
  No.
  Come on, Mike, eat milk and cookies like a grown man.
  Well, I didn't say I was any better.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
  There's no moral superiority.
  I also want to keep playing because there's one more thing in this.
  After you go to the house and we're not going to do Mickey's birthday lander  starland, obviously, there's so much more to cover there.
  We will get to all that.
  But just I'm going to extend the clip into this other thing where Mickey,  I mean, he'll explain it, but there was also a thing, I think, called the mouse  maze that was like a little hedge maze you get lost in.
  And also there was little like water gags.
  And I just really like the way he he narrates this.
  So when just kids are getting like little squirts of water in the face  is what's happening.
  This is the mouse maze that kids can run through.
  Whoops.
  Whoops again.
  I just am laughing at these kids like as if he's controlling the water himself.
  Whoops.
 Whoops again.
  He also knows what he's doing, too.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Pretty clear.
  Yeah.
 He's f'ing with them.
  I'm gushing with them.
  They like it.
 Come on.
  That's what they come here for.
  It's fun.
  It's like he's got false teeth doing that or something like it's got like  the voice is so strange.
  They're still sitting.
  I blast kids with the hose sometimes.
  I I sit out for but they like it.
  It's for the kids like to get wet, right?  Whoops.
 Whoops again.
  That's like I don't know if this is a rumor or this is fact,  but they say like there's like five Mickey voices and they just like offer  the amount of money they're willing to pay to the first one.
  And if that person turns it down, they go to the second one and so on.
  I've heard that.
 I don't know if that's true.
  I assume it's somewhat true.
  And it feels like they got down to like the eighth Mickey voice.
  Well, like, will you do this video for fifty dollars?  And he's like, yeah, sign me up.
  I'm Mickey now.
  That's just what he sounds like already.
  That's why he at least he's not going to put in.
  He's not going to sweat it.
  Like his voice is already very high.
  Yeah.
 It's an old it's an old man who sounds like Mickey Mouse already.
  And he's willing to.
 What's going to happen?  The union's going to get more mad at me.
  Not possible.
  I'm retired as it is.
  He's going to cross the picket line, whatever you kill.
  I don't use the word scab.
  That's not my not my word.
  And when they ask me to show up somewhere, I do it.
  That's called being a good worker and an employee.
  Show the studio some respect.
  Well, figure out who that voice is.
  If they I'd love to hear the name of who is the den Mickey.
  And I just I think we we've proven throughout this episode that if they need a  what, 15th, 16th and 17th string Mickey.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, the three guys to call.
  Mm hmm.
 Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
 If you need some punch up for Shanghai's.
  Which was called Meet Mickey, I think it's now listed on the website  as selfie spot with Mickey.
  Everything's a little different right now.
  You know, if you guys need some turn around, they'll be, you know, we're around.
  Before we go or I guess we can say do the wrap up and then before we go,  I found a little tease for whenever we do Starland, I think.
  Oh, boy.
 OK.
  Well, that's exciting.
  Well, hey, let's get to it.
 You survived.
  You survived.
 It's got it's going to be really clips.
  It's not even just a bad voice.
  It's like you survived.
  But just the bride, you took a tour of my house.
  If you want to follow us on social media, check out Twitter,  Facebook and Instagram.
  And if you want to pay us five dollars a month for bonus content,  they trade on that comes back as the bride.
  It's more fun than a den.
  It's like veering on Robin Leach almost in places.
  I'm going to freak you out right now because I was I was mentally cutting  this sort of for time.
  However, when I was looking up, it like, OK, when I was just Googling  Mickey's house, somehow I ran into something  and I don't know what it is called Mickey's townhouse.
  There's Getty Images of the man you just mentioned.
  Robin, which you mentioned, who probably says it's a bit earlier.
  This is I don't know what the context is, but this is from Getty Images.
  This is Robin Leach at something called Mickey's Townhouse,  and he is in front of a bunch of ceramic minis and Goofies.
  And he is holding a Mickey shaped cookie on a stick,  drinking a glass of wine and looking very demented.
  Crazy.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  This is Joker esque.
  Here he's looking slightly crazier and shoving it into his mouth.
  He definitely knows how to eat food.
 That's for sure.
  I know how not no need to prove it.
  And then he's there now like an eye is coming out of his head as he eats  caviar or out of the caviar out of the can with a spoon.
  That is like, God, how much that is a lot of caviar.
  He looks crazy.
 He looks crazy in every photo.
  This is bonkers.
  Yeah, I know this is this is kookier than anything in Mickey's birthday land house.
  And I don't know what Mickey's townhouse is.
  I don't know why he's there, what this event could be.
  I tried to see if there were more photos that weren't of Robin Leach and there weren't.
  I was half suspecting if I found more photos that  Ghislaine would be in them,  whatever the hell this event was.
  We'll do a little more research and see if we can find  Mickey's Townhouse coming soon, but Mickey's Starland also  coming soon.
 I feel like this isn't as good as that now.
  OK, so this is an insane Robin Leach.
  An insane picture of Robin Leach.
  So I was just like, yeah, you're looking through all this stuff.
  And there's a picture on I think it's a D23 website.
 Yeah.
  There's Mickey's Starland.
  It's a picture from Starland and Starland and all this stuff had like duck stuff,  which I like.
 I do like that.
  Like there's a little duckberg.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
  Which is fun.
 But look at the car Mickey is in.
  Here.
 It's less lumpy.
  It's less grotesque.
 Yes.
  But do you recognize this car?  I do, but I can't place it.
  Is it a toy? Oh, Happy Meal toy car.
  I had this Mickey Happy Meal toy.
  Mickey has the car from the Happy Meal, which maybe it's from a different  short or a movie or something that I'm forgetting.
  But this is very exciting.
  And I think where we didn't like the car before, I do really like  this birthday land car.
  Oh, I like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And he's this is a great photo.
  He's like he's in driving.
  Another like old timey thing he's doing, he's in a driving cap  and a driving scarf.
  He's like the smoke hittens two children who are dressed  like him, like Pinocchio.
  What is up with these boys?  The first thing I thought the first thing I thought I go, are they dressed  like the two broke girls?  They're in the diner clothes.
  They do look like the two broke girls in diner clothes.
  Two broke little boys, two broke little boys.
  So, yeah.
 So anyway, I'm excited to do some of this for Starland  whenever we get to it.
  Oh, boy.
 I like the fact that there was a Happy Meal tie in of some kind.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, and we'll talk about the toys, too.
  There's a lot to there's a lot to hit.
  Minnie's house, as with the characters, Mickey and Minnie  or Mickey and Minnie's houses are segregated to their own episodes.
  Of course, they're up here to show that they are not secretly married,  which Walt drunkenly admitted.
  Of course.
 And the Daisy Door episode will also be its own  full about the door.
 Yeah.
  But for now, yeah, look forward to those and to combine several topics  in this episode.
  I'll say champagne wishes and caviar dreams.
  Bye bye, everybody.
  Ha ha.
 Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Baum, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
