 Forever.
  Dog.
  For many years, this podcast has narrowed its focus to actual theme parks that exist  in reality.
  But in a year when reality was skewed and no theme park actually existed, except in Florida,  we had no choice but to flee to the theme parks of our dreams.
  The theme parks conjured by Hollywood's best and brightest, like Steven Spielberg, Michael  Crichton, and Jeff Phillips, writer of the fourth three ninjas movie.
  Today the fictitious will fight.
  Fake blood will spill between theme parks from movies, television, and children's horror  novels.
  The ultimate clash of rides we can't go on, lines we can't wade in, and parking lots we  wish to God we could park in.
  It's the fake theme park final four on podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast The Ride, a podcast about theme parks, and yet again, the only podcast  that does a bracket premise.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by fellow originalists Mike Carlson.
  I am here.
  I'm feeling very innovative.
  Like I am every year.
  I feel very trailblazing.
  That's a way to feel.
  Scorching trails.
  Clear in the brush.
  Jason Sheridan also joins us.
  You know, there's nothing more satisfying than being an early adopter.
  Absolutely.
  And, you know, when you're such big college basketball fans, as are we, we're merging  our passions, theme parks and college basketball.
  We could go on and on listing our favorite college basketball teams, but we don't have  to do that.
  Our load is clear in this bracket format.
  Slower moving, lower scoring.
  Terrific.
  Why watch the NBA?  You know?  Knowing that they're all getting their education as well when they're not on the court.
  Tell me their majors.
  Tell me how much they're not being paid.
  Or like they have to go to weird dinners, weird booster club dinners to get like petty  cash from weird, eccentric alumni.
  How much is this video game platform not paying them for their likeness?  You can hear it.
  We could go on.
  But yes.
  The list of what we love.
  But we also love theme parks.
  And an area of love within theme parks is fake theme parks.
  This is an area that we essentially, we have not covered a ton, I wouldn't say.
  All of the many fake fictional theme parks in movies, television, and other media.
  This is an area we've pretty much avoided.
  And we realized this might be a fun way to like address a bunch of stuff, hit it quickly,  say some cool factoids, and maybe in the process discover which are the ones with more meat  on the bone to do an episode about and which have very little meat on the bones at all  and get tossed into the bone pile.
  Yes.
  We could do, you know, one episode on each of these.
  But yeah, this will tell us.
  Now this is a sample.
  This is a Whitman sampler episode where you get to see like, oh yeah, that feels like  they should talk about that longer.
  Or hey, maybe they shouldn't talk about this one ever again.
  We'll see.
  Yeah.
  And it's a real interesting crop of entrants this year from all sorts of media.
  And what are you guys going to be looking for today, you know, for the winners?  That's a good question.
  I mean, there's a lot of things to analyze here since we're talking about things that  appear in movies and TV.
  I'm trying, as usual, I try to separate myself.
  I try to really focus in on what we're talking about versus the things that surround it.
  So last year when we did fake smells, I was saying I I'm trying not to put in my bias  toward the actual ride.
  I'm trying to just talk about the smell itself, try to appraise how I feel about the smell  and how it fits in.
  So, so today I'm trying to analyze the park just as a park, but attractions, atmosphere,  that type of thing versus actually saying, well, I like this movie that it appears in.
  That's what I'm going to try to do.
  Last year, I wasn't able to completely divorce myself from the other things, but I will try  again in earnest this year.
  Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more.
  Absolutely.
 Because it is easy to have biases and we may still have biases.
  This list includes some of my favorite movies and TV shows.
  So what might be considered across the board, just some of the greatest movies and TV  shows and certainly some of the worst, some of the worst things ever made.
  But that doesn't mean that they can't have a great theme park at the center or not at  the center or on the side.
  I think it's all about innovation in that park that they're making up itself.
  Yeah, I think commitment to the theme park specifics is going to be a big one for me.
  Did the movie or TV show like use it?  Are they just phoning in the references, that sort of thing?  Is it almost an afterthought?  Which in some of these, it kind of is.
  And then there were some surprises that really like went, might go all the way.
  Yeah.
 And here's another here's another little thing.
  And I don't know if you can always tell.
  And maybe some of this will just be pure guesswork.
  Did the people who made this, do they have some sort of legitimate affection for the  material?  For the rides, for the theme parks, or are they saying it's dumb and we hate it?  Because I'll say I'm going to actually have some more points, I think, for people that  seem like they know what they're talking about here with this parody.
  That's a good point.
  And you end up maybe with more attention to detail if you are if you really like the  source material or have strong opinions about it.
  You know, within that, I would say that something I'll be giving bonus points to is  original IP, original characters, not just that they make up a ride, but also like do  they get the details right or the shops right or the restrooms right?  Is the entrance outside correct?  Is there other weird periphery?  And you'll see throughout, it's probably no surprise that there's a number of fake  waltz.
 Maybe enough to do a fake waltz competition.
  That's that's we just thought of a new one, actually.
  That is good.
  Yeah, that is good.
  Because there's fake waltz out there who aren't also in a fake theme park in a movie  or a TV show.
  So yes.
  But just because there's a great fake waltz doesn't necessarily mean that the park  is great.
  So we'll see.
  Yeah.
  So there's so many different factors, so many variables today.
  It's going to be really hard.
  This is another one where I have notes up the seat.
  I have tabs open on my computer.
  It's really it's a lot.
  There's a lot here to weigh into juggle.
  Yeah.
  If I could give a shout out to some of the ones who just didn't didn't make it this  year.
  Oh, sure.
  Some of our our ones we do know about, but did not make it, including you are a  reptar land from Rugrats in Paris.
  Wonder War from Bob's Burgers.
  Adrena land from the Fairly Oddparents, potato land and often cited like.
  Talk about potato land.
  Talk about potato land.
  I'm sure we'll get to potato land at some point.
  Potato land having its moment in the sun.
  There's a photo op at Hollywood Studios right now in Orlando, you know, and we'll  get there someday.
  I'm sure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  This this was a topic.
  I think I saw this a couple of times.
  People were throwing some ideas.
  I wanted to I was trying to find like everyone who's ever thrown this idea at us.
  And I found one person.
  So if you also had suggested this, I apologize.
  But Kyle Edsel has thrown this out in the Facebook group.
  So I wanted to shout quick shout out and then shout out to anyone I've missed that  have thrown any of these type of ideas for a final four out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  Thanks so much.
  We're excited to determine definitively the answers.
  So though we like your suggestion, it is we who get to choose.
  We are the arbiters.
  So, you know, don't don't everybody get a big head and think that you get to pick.
  This is not a fan voted thing.
  This is the three of us were the experts.
  We are our opinions are unimpeachable.
  Yes.
  And I an important reminder, all three of us were born in the mid 80s.
  So there are some things in here that we have a lot of affection for and are kind of  maybe in I'll speak for myself at least glued into my subconscious and then other  stuff like Fairly Oddparents, a show I liked a lot, but just kind of would catch  like occasionally in high school.
  It did not loom as large as some of the other entrance today.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that does maybe affect who we we picked.
  I also I was really tempted.
  Did you I don't think you said this in your list.
  I'm just curious to explore more.
  I didn't really investigate the fake theme park majestic movie studios, which seems to  be a universal equivalent that's in the I'm sure fine feature film Alvin and the Chipmunks  Meet Frankenstein.
  No, I have not.
  Although I did while researching one of these other topics come across the direct to  streaming or direct to DVD movie Tom and Jerry Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory  where it appears Tom and Jerry go to Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
  Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory.
  Yeah, there's a few of those weird movies where it's essentially just the events of  the original movie and Tom and Jerry appear and are part of it, but do not drive the  story.
 They just kind of like run around in the margins and because they don't speak.
  So how could they really drive the story?  So it's just like Willy Wonka goes along as it would, but also Tom and Jerry are  there.
  That's that's like a lot like LeFou in the France Pavilion, that same movie where he  is in the background the whole time.
  They were just stealing the idea from the Beauty and the Beast.
  What is it called?  Sing Along?  Is there a more of a time?  I thought there was some sort of a time.
  Whatever.
  It might be a fancier name.
  I'm not sure.
  But Tom and Jerry might have gotten there first.
  So when it comes to protagonists who are not protagonists and don't change the story,  Tom and Jerry are pioneers.
  Yes.
  I have one more thing to consider.
  Maybe we can sort of hit this on an individual basis, but one I think one issue that we're  going to find across the board is that very often I'd say in half of these cases or maybe  even more than half the narrative function of a theme park in a movie or show is for  people to get endangered or hurt or killed.
  Yes.
  So how do we take that into account?  Do we have to like assess the level of danger at the place as a reason to go or to not go?  Do we have to like give the place the benefit of the doubt and say that they do not they  did not intend for people to die?  Although in some cases they definitely did intend for people to die.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Another also ran the park from the remake of I think the House on Haunted Hill from the  late 90s, which is different from the late 90s remake of the haunting.
  A lot of ghost remakes in the late 90s.
  So what do you do with that?  I mean, do you just have to it's like you have to acknowledge it.
  And yet do you have to like imagine the ideal park in which danger and death does not occur?  Because they're all I mean, yes, so many of these the vast majority are unsafe.
  So I feel like you just have to I'm going to try to judge it more based on the promise of it  versus the death reality, the reality of pain that these places are causing have caused.
  That's my personal philosophy.
  I'm not telling you guys you have to do that.
  Like sort of imagine the place before the bad stuff have a go to the September 10th of all of these  places and imagine a better world.
  Yes, that's what I'm saying.
  All right.
  Well, I mean, without further ado, I think we could start getting into it.
  Let's kick it off with some one seeds.
  You know, yeah, yeah, good.
  Right.
  One seed.
  That's the like do that terminology.
  I'm fairly familiar with.
  Yes.
  Yeah, not to give too much credit.
  Well, if I'm guessing the number one is a good number.
  So probably being a one seed is a good thing.
  All right.
  Sounds good.
  Does anybody feel like kicking it off?  We could round Robin this.
  Sure.
  Who says the names?  That's another thing.
  Right.
  All right.
  We're starting off hot with the Simpsons bracket, itchy and scratchy land versus Duff Gardens.
  Yes.
  Now there's a thing here already that we made the assessment and I guess nobody disagreed on not doing crusty land.
  Do we have any thoughts as to why we all felt like that was that was OK?  Well, I think stuff was a losing point in my mind if there was a significant representation of it in three dimensional space in our real world, which there is a heavy reproduction of crusty land at the Universal Parks.
  That's a good rationale.
  It's almost not a fake theme park.
  It's almost like a mini area of a real theme park.
  Yeah, the the big map of crusty land that appears in the queue of the Simpsons ride obviously is not what is there.
  But and also then they represented this crusty land in the Simpsons tapped out iOS game.
  But there is Jason saying there is a piece of it that exists.
  Yeah.
  So that's a good rationale.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And I think there's maybe more variance between the two primary theme parks in Simpsons lore.
  We might be unaware.
  There may be like 12 more theme parks in the last 21 seasons that we aren't aware of.
  There is the ones I recall, as Jason said from the time that we grew up in itching, scratchy land, death park.
  Where to where to begin?  Golden Age Simpsons episodes and the itching scratchy land, especially looms large in my mind.
  Extremely.
 I was so delighted that they would do this.
  Imagine what you guys don't have to imagine.
  You're probably the same way.
  You love theme parks.
  The Simpsons, your favorite show, does a big old theme park episode that is so specific with its Disney references and its visual homages to Main Street USA.
  You're like, oh, my God, they're doing the movie and there's a five and dime and a penny arcade.
  And they're watching the Roger Myers story, which has bars.
  That's that's some attention to detail, not bars like rep bars, bars like when you watch a movie, at least you used to in a Disney park.
  And you had to support yourself on weird beams that shows that they really paid attention.
  Yes, that attention to detail.
  I definitely I couldn't maybe articulate it at the time, but I felt it.
  Obviously, Duff Gardens is half Disney, half Bush Gardens type of theme park.
  Like I could feel I knew there was Disney parodies in it, but itching scratchy land definitely is much more Disneyland specific.
  Yeah, the whole way through Disney World in a way.
  And it's in the sort of level of intensity and the size and the mammoth operation to get there.
  The big drive that's part of a lot of these things is the travel to the place.
  They convey those experiences well.
  I don't know, itching scratchy is tough to beat.
  It is such a great episode.
  Thinking about just everything about it.
  The approach on the helicopter, the Jurassic Park,  as giant rock shapes of itching scratchy, the the bomb ticket booths on the way in.
  You've got your itchy and scratchy money.
  That's a real like specific slice of tribute to Disney dollars, which we should do an episode about.
  I don't know how we've avoided that one.
  That seems good and dry.
  And apparently, yeah, the lands of itching and scratchy land, of course,  explosion land, torture land, searing gas pain land, unnecessary surgery land.
  One of the funniest.
  Theme park jail.
  Yeah, we have your son and your older, fatter son.
  Bort license plates.
  Bort, of course.
  Which they would eventually sell Bort merchandise at Universal Studios.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you can buy Bort stuff.
 That's cool.
  You can.
 I don't know if you can at the moment.
  For a while, they did have it at least on pins, I think, license plates.
  But yeah, but so itching and scratch on, obviously, I think in our minds is definitely  and I don't want to speak for us, but I think feel like it's taking the lead here.
  There's so many shiny objects.
  Yeah.
 But Duff Gardens is a very first of all, it's a very it's much more low key,  but it has some gems as far as Simpson fan.
  We have the seven Duffs, which I think I may be like more than any of the characters  walk around mascot characters in itchy and scratchy land.
  Those characters are so great.
  I'm so glad they're in the universal, but that they're in that beer garden.
  I yeah, that's original IP.
  You got to give them credit for that and a bunch of them.
  The Duff Beermid is wonderful.
  The water, the boat ride water that Lisa is forced to drink  to turn into the lizard queen.
  I mean, in general, that Duff, it's a small world.
  I think it's called Little Land of Duff.
  I think that's the official name.
  And we've always got to shout out specific rides here.
  And I think like real  prominent ticket attractions will help maybe break some ties.
  And that's a good one.
  I mean, all the Duff Gardens ones, how much would you love to go on it in reality?  The Little Land of Duff,  which I assume never that chorus never changes.
  There's not verses to that song.
  It is just that for, you know, 15 minutes or so.
  If you were sitting in a real  Duff Hall of Presidents, if you got to see what that entire  presentation is where Lincoln raps and FDR is in a beer helmet,  that'd be so, so wonderful.
  Just imagine the full 25 minutes of it in your head.
  Yeah, that's it's hard because there's yeah, it's again,  it's not as flashy all the way around, but that is that would be a really,  really funny, great show to see.
  It's just an ad for beer using the presidents.
  And maybe it's a good fix, honestly, for what Disney World is feeling  maybe right now, where they need to do something to that Hall of Presidents  to keep it from being just a booing, cheering machine for the rest of its existence.
  Although, you know, the idea of including rapping, I don't know how I feel,  being that there's been these Twitter rumors of some Lin-Manuel Miranda involvement.
  Let's not go start thinking that rapping is the way to save the Hall of Presidents.
  Let's be very careful.
  Is that a false flag?  Does it look like a CIA one designed just to drive us insane?  If Lin wants to write beer related raps for the presidents,  I will say I'm personally on board.
  OK, as long as they're like beer ad type endorsements.
  I'm totally on board with Lin's writing Warren G.
  Harding to pushing some sort of beer Disney is selling.
  That's fine.
 Yeah, as long as it's commercials.
  Yes.
 And, you know, in general, you try to take personal biases out of this competition.
  But I am the drinker of the podcast and drinking is a big reason.
  I go to theme parks and imagine I'm just like,  if I could go to this entire beer oriented place, there's there's argument.
  We just talked about is is Duff in reality good or not?  And I think I don't know.
  I feel like it has to be or at least you have to like know the step up of Duff.
  You know, got to know how to handle your job.
  But there's so many opportunities to drink here.
  You can go to the beer aquarium or a bunch of sick fish swim around.
  Maybe I don't want to drink.
  You know, they're presumably like shitting in the water.
  And, you know, they're being live fish isn't good.
  But people do just walk up to that thing for beer from a tap.
  And that sounds good.
 Those beer goggles.
  Selma mentions beer smoothies.
  That sounds fantastic.
  Does that exist in reality?  I would like it to.
 Got it.
  Yeah, it's like at a fair or something.
  Somebody has to have made that whole.
  Pro is frozen beer you can get at a standard Epcot.
  And I think Disney Springs now.
  Really? Yeah.
  Oh, really?  I would I would also like to shout out to Duff Gardens.
  Hooray for everything performs.
  That's very good.
  Which is a show I would love to see.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, that's kind of pushing me towards.
  I know it's hard because the mundane this  of Duff Gardens is what I really like, what it really appeals to me,  which it's in Scratchyland is fantastic.
  But it's in Scratchyland is much more cartoonish monstrosity  of a park versus Duff Gardens is a lot as I was saying, it feels accurate  in so many ways.
  It's really funny, but it does feel like they nailed that.
  A cheesy type show.
  And if you don't know what we're talking about, hooray for everything is like  a bunch of like lame singers doing a politically correct version  of Lou Reed's Walk on the Wild Side.
  Is that where that happens?  Is that at Duff Gardens?  I believe so.
  That's at least it's in the wiki.
  I didn't rewatch the episode, but I've seen the episode many times.
  I would like to see that.
  Yes.
 The up with people is the real thing.
  And hooray for right.
  Hooray for everything is the.
  Now, let me let me tip it back the other way with my own  argument, and because I was I was kind of going through this in my head  and I similarly landed it.
  Maybe it just is Duff Gardens and largely for beer related reasons.
  The Dark Horse might tip you to the other side, Parents Island.
  There is a way, again, very well observed.
  Pleasure Island Parity, a place that is only for adults to go within  itchy and scratchy land.
  And now that I am a parent,  going to Parents Island, my wife and I talked about this  idea, how much we would love to be at Parents Island right now.
  And they say specifics about it.
  There's 100 bars and saloons at Parents Island.
  Homer shouts out TV town, Hammock land.
  Marge mentions recipe related bumper cars.
  I would like to do all these things.
  You get to see a 70s disco, which seems kind of cheesy.
  But, you know, that place where it's New Year's Eve constantly  might be a little fun.
  And a TGI is a TGI McScratchy.
  McScratchy's.
 We've got another jumper at TGI McScratchy.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 TGI McScratchy's  good time food drinkery is the full.
  Yeah, I mean, yeah.
  All that is like now, does that just take  everything that would appeal to me about Duff Gardens?  Like, do they actually have it even more so on Parents Island?  Yeah.
 And is it Euro itch and scratchy land?  The empty park? Yes.
  Referenced at the end.
  That's pretty good, especially at that time.
  That's a very topical reference.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This is tough.
  I don't know if I know.
  Does anybody feel like locking it in?  OK, yeah, you're saying yes.
  Itch and scratchy land is a lot more like Disney World in the sense it's large.
  It's got a lot of things in it as parents island, which is great.
  But I'm trying my debate right now is that I believe right now  I think I would rather go to the park itself.
  And this is arguably we have a lot with Disney World versus Disneyland.
  Disneyland itself is a better park than the Magic Kingdom is.
  But I understand when people say, well, Disney World is a whole thing.
  It's a different experience because of how large it is  and how much different stuff there is to do.
  But Disneyland, I keep coming back to and saying, well, I still think it's kind of better  because it's the experience of Disneyland is just, I think, a superior one.
  So Duff Gardens, I think, is a better park than the itchy and scratchy land park.
  But I take into what you're saying about all the different things  and the size of it.
 And this is my struggle right now, is do I go  it's purely based on the park itself?  Or do I take into account what you're saying?  This is this is struggling.
  I didn't think I would be here this early in this final four.
  But I am here.
 This is where I am.
  I genuinely don't know either.
  This is tough.
 Are we going to have to like take a half hour break  and edit this down? I'm upset.
 I'm feeling upset.
  I think I'm going to go with my initial instinct and give it to it.
  And scratchy land.
  Oh, I think you're a val.
  Your arguments are very passionate and valid.
  But thank you.
  I think the male functioning like is this one of the first  like male functioning animatronic  things like in in film and TV, besides,  you know, a Westworld sort of thing in a comedy thing.
  I feel like the specifics are just very good in itch and scratchy land.
  But I do appreciate what you're saying.
  And I think that's why it's a one seed, the Duff Gardens specifics.
  I think I know what I'm going to say.
  I do know I've made my decision.
  OK, well, then,  uh, I think I'm going to throw it into and I I'm still I'm uneasy.
  But should we just toss them out at the same time?  OK, one, two, three.
  Itchy and scratchy land.
  And I don't know.
  I almost wanted to be the upset and give it to Duff Gardens.
  But ultimately, Parents Island is makes the flip for me.
  I think that's everything that I want out of Duff Gardens.
  But times 10, I get that.
  That makes sense.
  I think, though, that the whole time, because I thought going in,  it was easy, itchy and scratchy land.
  But I think going in, I have to assess that just because I like  there's I think it's just scratching and better episode, funnier episode,  more references or theme park center just because of that, though.
  I'm missing.
 I'm losing perspective.
  And I believe Duff Gardens should win.
 But that's OK.
  I understand.
  I also another thing that made me want to give it to Duff Gardens  is that that part where Homer is clearly not well and gets in the car  and says, Duff Gardens, hurrah, and then lands hard on the steering.
  That's how I felt.
  I think I relate to that moment so much.
  I think I felt that way the entire time during the pandemic, having this baby.
  I think I felt that way in Disney World with you guys,  where we were never getting sleep and really tired all the time.
  I felt like that Homer spirit.
  But that's not the park.
  That's just a thing I like in the episode.
  I'm almost like sad about this because I wanted to be like  not obvious at the beginning, but hopefully our struggle is clear.
  We are not just handing it to itchy and scratchy land easily.
  It's parents parents island.
  Yeah, I don't think there is a bad choice between these two.
  But I'm sure there'll be upsets going along.
  I think this second bracket, I there could be an upset on this one.
  It's a tough little tough.
 Yeah.
  Well, I'll go ahead and say it.
  I'm calling it the wacky bracket.
  And that is this is between two.
  We're still in animation.
  And it is between Happy World land from Tiny Toons,  how I spent my summer vacation and Glove World,  which is from SpongeBob SquarePants factors into a lot of SpongeBob SquarePants.
  Now, the nostalgia we have to kind of air out, or at least I do.
  I did not grow up with SpongeBob.
  It seems really great.
  And I think it's what I would have watched if that era lined up for me.
  But Tiny Toons was my my era more.
  But these are both pretty cool and similar in spirit.
 Right.
  I think it makes sense to pair them.
  Yes, so yeah, I agree with you, Scott.
 Happy World land.
  I was always excited when how I spent my summer vacation,  that episode of Tiny Toons came on,  was not familiar with Glove World.
  The whole episode is on YouTube.
  And I was shocked.
  I thought that was so much fun.
  I think Potato Land needs to watch its ass because Glove World  really nailed some specifics, really nailed some stuff.
  And I think has a lot of fun with it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was going to say, yeah, the Tiny Toons,  happy.
 What is what am I saying already?  World happy world land.
  Geez, I'm losing my mind.
  They have it's a very Disney.
  It's very, very Disney as far as a parody.
  But they do have some rides that look fun.
  There's some joke rides that are just this is it's very hurt centric.
  Both of these parks are kind of painful,  but Tiny Toons is leaning more into the painful aspects of it.
  But some of them, if you escaped unscathed, would be fun.
  I will say that about Tiny Toons.
  Yes, there's one that doesn't look like it's a problem,  which is the gargle.
  Like you're just in a gargling mouth and then you get spit out kind of at the bottom.
  That seems just like a good rapid ride or something.
  I'm not scared of the gargle.
  A lot of the other ones, though, is fun, too.
  The Tooth Fairy itself.
  So if you don't know this, it's like this pretty big.
  Is this like epic episode of Tiny Toons that I think got released  as its own like mini movie?  It was a tape that I rented extremely frequently,  but it was broken up into episodes, too.
  And it's very National Ampoons Vacation-esque,  the quest to get to this place.
  They get there.
  Unlike Vacation, it's not that the park is closed.
  It's that Plucky has been with Hampton's family on this exhausting road trip.
  And they get there and they just take essentially the monorail around and don't  and see all the rides and then don't go in and do anything.
  Thus exasperating Plucky.
  The monorail they take around is the Tooth Fairy.
  That's just really spelled like a boat fairy.
  There's two sets of teeth that like one on top and one on bottom,  and they separate and go opposite directions and then meet back at the central point.
  And that reminds me a lot of like monorail at Epcot, especially,  where you go you see so much of Epcot before you land.
  And that's a fun little trip when you get to do that.
  And a great visual.
  Like if this was in a real theme park, this is I think this would be very possible to do.
  And you'd go, oh, that looks really crazy and cool.
  So I give them a lot of points for that.
  First thing I go, oh, that's neat.
  Yes.
 And the Happy Centrifuge ride did eventually get built.
  It's it's mission space.
  It seems like it's just space.
  So they called that they did call that boring people out like goo moaning.
  Yeah, that is how I felt like goo when I came off that thing for the first time.
  Yes.
 So that's true.
  There's a stairway to heaven.
  There's the bullet train to heck.
  You don't really see what the bullet train to heck looks like.
  No.
 You just imagine, yeah, pain and fire down at the bottom.
  I think my exact sense of humor as a child was slap happy.
  The ride slap happy where you get in a big hand, a bunch of people load up.
  And there's even a moment of excitement.
  They're all thrilled to be here we go, everyone.
  And then just the lever is flipped and then it just slams against the ground.
  I just loved the like the bluntness of that, the craziness of that.
  I don't know that I'd go on it, but I just these are all great.
  I like this general theme.
  I like that a lot of things are happy.
  I like that it's there's a lot of body parts.
  There's a feet ride to  the happy crashers, just a ship that crashes.
  And that's it.
  Yeah, there's a lot of great like fun designs.
  Now I said there's a couple of things I would like to go on that wouldn't be,  wouldn't be so bad, but yes, the majority I will say look like it hurts.
  They look like they hurt really bad and would leave you very injured, seriously injured.
  Yeah.
  So I do think you have to knock some points off it for that.
  I can appreciate the design, but again, if I'm assessing it from just a theme park  that I would go to standpoint, you know, a good teen, good, like kind of out of a  teen working in the parking lot that they may take their picture.
  Oh, that's a good one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Plucky's passion to ride everything while the family is kind of indifferent, like as  their own agenda.
  Very relatable.
  Very relatable.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Glove world.
  Glove world.
  Commit so hard to the idea of theme park centered around gloves.
  Yes.
  I was inexplicably so.
  I do really like this.
  Yeah.
  I was just delighted.
  The glove song, the ride where you are, are they are Spongebob and Patrick.
  They're put in a catcher's mitt.
  Is that right?  Or they're put in the baseball.
  Called Catch Me.
  You're put in a big baseball and catch it.
  Catch me.
  You're putting a big baseball and thrown around.
  Yeah.
  And then the theme park, the founder, Hieronymus Glove.
  Oh, I missed that.
  Ooh, Mr.
  Glove.
  The Walt stand in is pretty good.
  Yeah.
  There.
  Yeah.
  There does feel like there's more treats to love at Glove World.
  And again, I back up what you say.
  I didn't grow up with Glove World.
  I was a Tiny Toons kid for sure, but it does feel like there's more things that you can  appreciate about Glove World.
  Yeah, there's a lot.
  They have original IP.
  They have Glovey Glove.
  Glove that walks around.
  Tiny Toons doesn't, I don't know that they establish who the guy is.
  They all wear hats that are like their equivalent of Mickey ears, but it's just  kind of crazy eyes.
  And I like knowing who Glovey Glove is.
  They have Glove Popsicles.
  Good refreshments.
  That's a key one also.
  In every of these places, you get a sense of what the eats are.
  And Glove Popsicles sound good.
  I don't know if this makes it more or I don't know if this is a good thing for our  contest, but apparently there is a Lego set for Glove World, which I got very excited  about.
 I would have been way into that as a kid.
  Yeah.
  No kidding.
  I think also the plot of the main Glove World episode is that Glove World is going  away.
 And I guess what probably SpongeBob and Patrick are very sad about this, but  it turns out it's just going away because they're building Glove Universe, a bigger  better park.
  I don't think I'm making these facts up.
  Well, they get the at least the one I watch.
  Maybe there's multiple Love World episodes, but they get locked up in Glove World  jail because Patrick accidentally breaks the Mr.
  Glove animatronic.
  And then there's a lot of weird kids in the jail, and those are just funny performers  and funny voice actors, funny animation.
  I didn't see any of that.
  That sounds good.
  Maybe there's multiple Glove World.
  I think it is.
  I was going to say, yeah, there's multiple Glove World episodes as well.
  OK, but there is a Frozen.
  They meet a Frozen, Hieronymus Glove at the end.
  And while I usually find that specific kind of tiresome and annoying, I liked it in this.
  They seem to have fun with it in this.
  I do like that.
  I do like that.
  And if they're building Glove Universe, then it's on the Grove.
  Like this place is popular.
  It's something you can only imagine how great Glove Universe is going to be.
  Well, yes, they had to clean up the toxic waste and then the pandemic delayed the building  of Glove Universe, but they're back on track.
  The transit to get over there.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, the city infrastructural stuff to do.
  Right.
  Glove World, too.
  I mean, Glove World's taken into account.
  There's rides for kids.
  There's rides for older kids.
  There's like I feel like it's a more well thought out park.
  The Mitten is the ride for like kids that they go on.
  I don't see that.
  I don't see that in the Tiny Toons episode.
  I don't see the thought put into, you know, different experiences for different age groups.
  That's an interesting aspect of fleshing it out more fully.
  Yes.
  Making the kids happy and teens and grownups.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I don't want to vote already, but I feel like you can feel where I'm going.
  Maybe I am, too.
  I mean, we don't have to belabor these.
  No, that's true.
  I'm surprised.
  And I think the conversations help.
  I think what like I want to see where everybody else is at and how joyous is the conversation or not.
  And I really like talking about Glove World.
  Maybe I got to give it to Glove World.
  I think it's Glove World.
  I think it's Glove World.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's different things, different things, because there's a lot of build up to Happy World Land.
  I think it's set up at the top of the episode and then they're the road trip to get there.
  But Glove World, you just they throw you right in and they've done multiple episodes.
  So they do have an advantage in that sense.
  But it's underwater.
  It's in the ocean.
  Yeah, that's cool.
  Yeah.
  We didn't talk about that.
  Mm hmm.
  But a young upstart.
  Glove World.
  Exciting.
  All right.
  Wow.
  A very hip reference from us, I think.
  Oh, I think so.
  We're up to like 2003 or so.
  And I think our coolness is showing.
  Is there a theme park on Riverdale yet?  Oh, that's a great question.
  I think, you know, they just did the classic trope of an alien corpse preserved in a barrel of Blossom Family maple syrup.
  But I don't know that there's really been a theme park yet.
  Huh.
  All right.
  Well, that'll be the HIPPER.
  Well, if we have to do this one again in five years, that'll be the hippest reference if they do do that.
  Yeah.
  So that that leaves that we'll come back around to itching scratchy land versus Glove World.
  That's pretty exciting.
  OK.
  Next up.
  OK, this is called the Crichton bracket, both Michael Crichton stories and movies slash TV show.
  Jurassic Park versus Westworld.
  Big one.
  Big one.
  Big.
 This is big.
  This is a big one.
  Stresses me out to even think about it.
  They say there's multiple versions of these.
  There's books, movies, newer versions.
  Obviously, we're saying Jurassic Park, though, not Jurassic World.
  That's a separate park.
  Yes, though I almost had the question, again, removing the parks from the films.
  I think if I had to venture a guess, I'd say that we all prefer Jurassic Park to Jurassic World, the movie.
  However, right, Jurassic World does have a city walk.
  And I guess like the main thing that makes me want to like the movie.
  And I really like that it's this big battle at the end where they're crashing into Starbucks and Brookstones and Pandora's.
  I almost want to hang out there is similar to Parents Island.
  I'm like getting away from rides and we haven't even I'm not even talking about dinosaurs.
  Right.
  There's a Margaritaville at Jurassic World.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yes.
  And Jurassic World seemed to operate without a hitch for a while there.
  It seems like it's open.
  Yes, which Jurassic Park did not.
  There's a part of me that thought, should this just be Jurassic Park versus Jurassic World?  Oh, can we call an audible?  It's tough because, yes, you're like Jurassic Park, obviously, is the is the better movie.
  I don't think that's a controversial statement to make.
  But if you really think about the experience that all the characters were having testing out the park to dinosaurs, you couldn't see them.
  The T-Rex isn't there.
  The where where's the Raptor?  Where's the Triceratops?  Triceratops is sick.
  And they broke when they break out of the ride, when they get out and go look, go into the medical unit.
  So like the safety functionality isn't working right from the get go.
  Bathrooms collapse immediately as evidenced by the lawyer.
  Jurassic versus Jurassic World, where it's like that that cool ball is very cool.
  Like that would be amazing to go into something like that and get to go in the actual habitat of the dinosaurs.
  You could actually go directly where they are hanging out.
  You don't have to lure T-Rex over with a goat or something to the side because that isn't even you're just getting to see it like kill an animal.
  I mean, I don't know.
 It's just kind of the Jimmy Fallon, the very accurate Jimmy Fallon video.
  Yes, very accurate.
  Yeah, exactly like what the theme park skit would be.
  That's essentially what he does on the tram.
  Right.
 The big water show show.
  Are we are we heading to a controversial one right now?  Or do we make this like this is three?  This is this becomes Jurassic Park versus Jurassic, like like the battle at the end between the Indominus and the T-Rex and the Raptor.
  I think Westworld beats Jurassic Park.
  I will say that right now.
  I think Westworld beats Jurassic Park, but I don't know that it beats Jurassic World.
  That's what I'm going to say.
  So what are we doing here?  Are we making this a three for all?  I think this should be a three for all.
  I think the NCAA tournament should have like a wrestling style run ins where it's suddenly like this is now a triple threat match.
  Three teams, three basketball teams competing against each other at the same time.
  I agree.
 Let's shake it up.
  OK, great.
 So they're all in.
  OK, they are a third basket to the one side.
  Yeah, so Jurassic Park Westworld versus the Hardy boys there at the back.
  And Tom and Jerry are running around to Tom and Jerry are here and Rob Delaney is running in with a chair.
  OK, so I'm on record saying I think Jurassic World beats Jurassic Park, but I don't know about Jurassic World versus Westworld yet.
  OK, Westworld seems to be like begrudgingly from the little bits and pieces I've seen of the Yule Brenner movie and of the HBO show.
  It seems like it's you know, it's like we got to show how we got to set it up before we can show all the cool stuff goes wrong.
  I don't know.
 I think you're anti.
 You're just not in.
  You're anti-Westworld.
  I guess so.
 I mean, I the reviews on the TV show where everyone was like, this is so much work watching this.
  I was like, you're not really selling me.
  I mean, I like I think Ed Brubaker was on the writing staff, the comic book writer.
  I like him a lot.
 I like Jeffrey Wright.
  The show.
 But you're not talking about the show.
  I'm not talking about the show, but it's going to eventually you think about this stuff.
  The movie kind of fucks me up with this, too, because like how cool is Yule Brenner look?  I just like all those dudes.
  I like the like it's the first Crichton.
  It's yeah, it's so like 70s sci fi in that Logan's run vein.
  But then I sort of drift off with it.
  I don't like I don't love that movie.
  I love the first act.
  And then I kind of like veer away.
  But is this are we letting the film the products?  We are.
  Because these are both probably the two most unique experiences on this whole list, on this whole bracket, on these bracket brackets and stuff.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So I think just the experiences we have to try to think of versus the actual movies,  because like Westworld is like putting you in a scenario.
  This is like Westworld is like what they want to do with that Star Wars hotel.
  But like much more like 100 times 100.
  You're living a completely like different life for however long it is for a couple of days, for a week.
  Or I don't remember what yours.
  That's absolutely right.
 Here's my issue.
  I don't want to do that.
  And when I realized that Galaxy's Edge was not really going to have like people bugging you at the cantina because you flew the Falcon bad or that like they weren't going to do the bright suns for more than the first five days.
  I was like, great.
  Now I can just drink that milk and go to the bar and go on the rides.
  I don't think I'm equipped for Westworld.
  I don't want to kill anybody.
  I don't know.
 Sexually, maybe I shouldn't get into it.
  That's a big part of the appeal is the sex.
  I don't think that I want to go have sex with saloon girl robots.
  I don't think so.
  So I guess is this still too much personal bias?  It's very impressive.
  I just don't think that I want to do it.
  And mainly Westworld has no rides.
  That's what I'm after.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's very immersive.
  It's almost it's practically like glorified dinner theater.
  And there is a veneer of like sleaze involved.
  Yeah, that's part of this.
  That's part of the sex thing.
  Like, maybe it'd be interesting to have sex with one of these robots.
  But then the next day, the day before, some other guys are like,  I like that's weird, right?  I'm like, sharing these robots.
  Oh, yeah.
 You've said a different man has had sex with the robot as well.
  Well, that's probably the case.
  I agree that that is a problem.
  That is certainly a problem.
  Now, I don't think you don't have to have sex with a robot.
  No, but you can murder the like it.
  I don't know that the mistreating robots thing like I feel like.
  Well, it's a moral it's a moral quandary for sure.
  Yeah, I don't think I'm murdering or having sex with any of the robots.
  If I go to Westworld, I mean that I think I don't think I am.
  I don't think I am either.
  And I guess, you know,  an abomination in the eyes of God is kind of through line through Michael Crain stuff.
  Yeah, there's a lot of discussion like should these dinosaurs really exist?  Like, should we do this, you know, in both Jurassic and all the Jurassic movies?  You know, now let me let me bring this up.
  Westworld is obviously like Old West.
  If this was a different time period, would you feel differently?  If this was a different time period or different genre?  I think they get to that later seasons of the show.
  Well, we do have to take into account that it is part of  Delos destinations in which there are multiple.
  So it's almost like I don't know how much you see of them.
  But there's Shogun World, there's War World.
  That's World War Two is medieval fantasy.
  The Raj, which is colonial India.
  If any of those.
 Jesus Christ.
  Yeah, that's now.
 See, the thing is, I don't think I want to do any of those.
  Those I don't want to do.
  I don't know.
 I'm not sure what I would Westworld it for.
  I don't know what I want to be in an immersive.
  I mean, it's like all the August Cantina is as close as I want to get.
  I want to have a blue wine and I want to watch my favorite robot DJ.
  So my Westworld exists already.
  See, I think I think Jason, you need to think about this because we did  this very interactive experience that Eva Anderson invited us to.
  And I'm already forgetting the name of it.
  Delusion, Delusion, the Blue Blade.
  That was our production that year, the Blue Blade.
  And it's a very live, interactive kind of theater thing  where you go through rooms and there's elaborate sets and performers.
  And there's a huge there's a very like a narrative  that ties the whole thing together and you go back in time, blah, blah, blah.
  Jason Sheridan of the whole group was trying to interact  with the performers more than any of us doing so.
  So much so that he threw the performers off because I got to do it.
  He got too into it.
 He called somebody Mac.
  He was trying to like talk like an old gangster.
  I was we were blown away because I didn't do that.
  I was just like, oh, let's let these performers go.
  Jason turned into a different character.
  I think he's forgetting what happens when he goes into a scenario like this.
  He enjoys himself.
 He'd love to say Mac.
  He'd love to say like, hey, you you lousy dame.
  He loves to say something like that.
  Well, hold on.
  Fun pretend way.
  He's not saying that in real life, but it's a fantasy.
  I mostly antagonize like a sleazy, like  like pickpocket or con man.
  And then I got a Nazi upset at me.
  And in real life, I got a KFN Nazi upset at me.
  And then in real life, the actor said I was a challenge.
  Yes.
 She stopped afterward and said you were a challenge.
  I don't know.
  So I'm saying you don't even know what you're capable of when you're in Westworld.
  You're going to be doing your old timey detective slang.
  You're going to be loving it.
  It's going to be the most fun you've ever had.
  And right now you're acting like, oh, I don't think I would like it.
  A detective from the future came to the old west.
  And well, I got payback because then I had to swing on a rope over a moat,  like an actual moat.
  Like I was not prepared.
  They told us there might be some climbing and stuff, but it's just like,  I don't want to land in this children's pool.
  Me and Jason Wolner, me and Golden  Winter, Jason Wolner, director of Borat 2.
  Swinging out of line.
  I just think Jason's not thinking about him,  him in a scenario where he gets to use old detective slang.
  I think that's fair.
  I yeah, I think I would like the acting part of it.
  I don't know about the murder part of it or like the abuse a robot part of it.
  You don't have to abuse or murder.
  It's your choose your own adventure.
  You could solve the murder.
  I guess that's fair.
  I guess that's fair.
  This is so choose your own event.
  This is not my my kind of deal.
  And I have to say  that maybe the trashier aspects of Jurassic World are what I want to do  more, which is embarrassing.
  It's it's you know, it's not the smart person's way to view things.
  I guess maybe we need to parse Jurassic Park versus or did we do it already?  I got it.
 You also like, OK, you got the Jeep ride.
  You got that.
 There is that like Mr.
  DNA, but Mr.
  DNA is a Jurassic world, too.
  Again, I don't it's not the movie.
  The movie's a little tight, but the going there, I mean, aesthetically,  I almost just wanted like different stuff to happen in the movie.
  But for me to be able to like stare at these settings, because I think they're great.
  Right.
 I have thought about like us in the continuity of Jurassic World.
  We would be like, well, we're excited to see what this new dinosaur is like.
  They've really been coasting on that.
  You know, the water dinosaur, the Megalodon kind of dinosaur.
  And, you know, much like Disney coasted on DCA 2.
0 for a number of years  before building a new attraction.
  So, yeah, yeah.
  Jurassic, Jurassic Nets, the message boards on Jurassic  Net are saying that there's this new they're doing a new it's like a T-Rex,  but like times five and it's going to be sponsored.
  I mean, that's crazy.
  And the gym and land covering like Jurassic World news.
  Yeah, I would love to.
  I would love it.
  Hearing about the the ins and outs like the hourly capacity  of the little triceratops that children ride on.
  And they get about 60, 60 people an hour through that.
  Yeah, Len was just standing outside the triceratops ride counting.
  They've been doing a visitor poll.
  And would you like it more or less if it were four minutes or six minutes?  And the results, I think, are very interesting.
  It is a good I like to think about this.
  I like I like this.
  So it's tough.
  This stuff, I'm just argue I was just trying to save Westworld  from being a total blow out here.
  I'm not saying I even have my decision.
  I think that's a good call.
  You know, in all fairness, though, even with all their ills,  the evil corporation in Jen at least would have had the sense  to let Gina Carano go.
  So, you know.
  That's true.
  All right.
 Do we do we want to vote?  I mean, do we are we do we know what we're going to say?  I think we I think Scott, I know Jason does.
  I yeah, I do.
 Yeah.
  How do we how do we do this all the same time or at the same time?  OK, OK.
  To three three.
  Jurassic World.
 Wow.
  Unbelievable.
  It's funny we didn't talk about this before.
  And you're like this.
  People are going to hate this.
  Like I think it's just it's just going to feel right to people  that it should be Jurassic Park, easily one of the best movies.
  You know, I've read a lot of articles during the pandemic  that tell me that Jurassic Park holds up.
  I was surprised to me.
  I wouldn't have believed that.
  I'm glad people keep writing this article over and over again.
  But it is it's a it's a wonderful film.
  I will always watch it.
  I will watch it so much more than I will watch Jurassic World.
  But I what would I rather like have a screensaver of on my desk?  Where would I?  I think I want to like see some dinosaurs  in a park that actually got up and running and have a margarita  next to Jimmy while I do it.
  I get that.
 Believe me, I get that.
  If Jurassic World were against almost and maybe half of the rest of the bracket,  I think it would be Jurassic World.
  I just think Westworld, there's a lot of options.
  And I'd like to see what it's like.
  I may hate it.
  I may absolutely hate it.
  There's very much possibility of that.
  But I am interested in it and is not my repressed sexuality or anything.
  I don't think I don't think the whole thing is like, I got to get there  to get those like saloon lady robots or anything.
  I don't think that's it.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  It's just such a different type of experience.
  That's yeah.
 Yeah.
  So Jurassic World comes out of no, not even on the initial list  and comes out of nowhere.
  Jurassic World cashed in the money in the bank briefcase and went all the way.
  I'm so this is the kind of thing I wanted.
  I don't think that I wanted it to be just a cruise through an easy cruise  for the best movies and shows.
  I wanted it to be a little chaotic.
  And it's the city walk in us.
  What can I say? They have a city walk.
  You can't deny that.
  That's why Parents Island got it for me.
  That's why Jurassic World got it for me.
  Man, oh man.
 OK, so where does that take us?  That leads us to the next one.
  I kind of if we're grouping the pairs, you know, we did the animation one  and now we're kind of in the sci fi one a little loosely.
  And that takes us to the next one.
  Jason, you want to do the honors?  Sure.
 This is what we refer to as the space bracket.
  Luna Park from Futurama versus Moron Mountain from Space Jam.
  Yes.
 I love it.
  I feel like this one's kind of a quick one for me.
  I kind of think so.
  That's exactly what I was thinking.
  Well, now, why is that?  Because I'm not I think I get it.
  But let's let's purse this out a little bit.
  Sure.
 Of course.
 Of course.
 Sure.
  Well, Moron Mountain, of course, in Space Jam is what  you know, the monsters, of course, the characters who eventually go up  against the Looney Tunes in a basketball game.
  They start out here working at Moron Mountain.
  And, you know, they're trying to think of things to boost interest.
  And the theme park of Moron Mountain is similar.
  I feel like to the Tiny Tunes idea of like it's stuff that breaks down  or stuff that looks like it hurts you, I guess.
  Maybe that breaks down because something does break down.
  But it is an unpopular park is really where I'm going with it.
  Yes.
 On the down slope or whatever.
  It's we don't you don't really get to know that much about it.
  There is a ride called Sludge Summit.
  You don't really see what Sludge Summit is.
  And there is also a sort of astro jets, like a bunch of rockets fly around.
  Well, a cat with a cigar fires fire or lasers at you.
  I don't recall which makes one of the rockets fall off the thing.
  You know, there's a hey, there's a waltz.
  You got to give it that Mr.
  Swack Hammer.
 Yeah, yeah.
  And he I think it's Swack Hammer's face that that's oh, it's not a cat.
  OK, I believe that my thing, because he's got a cigar and he's shooting it.
  So, yeah, it's Swack Hammer has his face on the ride.
  OK.
 And it's you know,  there's there's a part of me that would like something to make it  a little far that looks like an N64 game.
  I like that when you land in Moron Mountain in the movie  and you're kind of in a style of graphics and animation  that is only in that part of the movie.
  Yes, I like that.
  But, you know, they don't get the Looney Tunes.
  They don't successfully achieve their plan, which is  enslaving the actual creatures, the Looney Tunes,  locking them up like Dumbo and making them perform.
  That'd be all other things.
  We often complain about the lack of solid Looney Tunes  presence in a lot of the parks.
  And this would certainly be if there was a planet that you could go to  and it's the real Daffy Duck chained up against his will  doing jokes for you every day.
  Pretty good.
  I wanted I mean, yes, we've been lamenting this.
  I saw that maybe Bugs Bunny was was featured for some people  on their drive through tour of Six Flags and not mine, not my personal one.
  And I was furious.
  So, yes, I guess it would have like Bugs be handcuffed to something in Six Flags  while I drove my car through it during the Christmas season.
  That would have been nice.
  Handing you fudge against his will.
  Yes, handing me two pounds of fudge.
  That would have been that it would have been a dream.
  I also want to say quickly, I've learned the some of the names of the of the  of the characters.
  Well, that could change everything.
  So, yes, let's hear the names.
  Nerd.
  Then there were the nerd lux, which I honestly I've watched  Space Jam a bunch.
  I have the nostalgia for it, but I didn't know the nerd lux.
  Did you guys know the nerd lux?  No, I kind of forgot the setup of he was like trying to mindlessly  get a new, you know, thing for his horrific part.
  Like, I did not recall that at all.
  That's the stakes.
  The if the basketball game doesn't go well, the Looney Tunes  have to live in a theme park in space forever.
  Yeah, it's a little convoluted, a little.
  Yeah, it's very clean, as will the next one be.
  It's we're going to get we're going to put all the Time Warner properties together.
  In one film, in all fairness, this is how Iger acquired part of the Murdoch  Empire, the pick up the Disney pick up basketball team bit  beat the 20th Century Fox pick up basketball.
  Right.
  Yes, because they stole NBA players powers briefly.
  So that week that Kevin Durant couldn't like get up out of bed.
  That's what was happening.
  That there was right.
  He was on a basketball court at Davos and, you know,  I real quick, though, the nerd lux have.
  So there's nerd luck, bup kiss, nerd luck, bang, nerd luck, blanco.
  Wow.
 Nerd luck pound.
  Mm hmm.
 Those are the four I see.
  I think there might be one more I'm missing, and I apologize,  but I just I didn't even know.
  Oh, nerd luck, not.
  Well, so those are the five nerd luck characters,  the little do we be characters then turn into the monsters?  I mean, now knowing that it's nerd luck, nerd luck, not.
  I don't know.
  Do maybe we have to give it to Moron Mountain based off of that fact only.
  Maybe, maybe.
 Or what's the real answer?  Because if we say the real answer, we could deal with the other one later.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  If you're saying, am I going to vote against more on the answers?  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, that's it.
  We have no good call.
 Luna Park.
  Well, so we'll talk about that later.
  The theme park in Futurama.
  That works out nicely.
  We can save a little time here.
  So which would take us.
  Wait, we're halfway through now.
  So that takes us over to what I'm calling the scary division.
  And within the scary division, we have.
  Oh, I guess, OK, we're going to start with now this here.
  These are these are pretty like new to me.
  These are things that I have no nostalgia  interrupt in my my thought process here, because we thought we wanted to represent  the horror area with the horror bracket.
  And that is horror land from Goosebumps,  from various Goosebumps books and Goosebumps media.
  And what I realized is called McKinley Park,  where most of the action takes place.
  I don't actually know that some important action takes place  in Final Destination three, which is the one with a roller coaster  that kills some people.
  A horror bracket.
 What do we? Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
 Well, I will say I as a kid,  read the first horror land book and loved it.
  I was a Goosebumps kid of hardcore for like two years.
  It's like the most reading I've ever done, non comic book related.
  It's when I was at my best reading and I wasn't an idiot  with no attention span like I am now, who can't can barely finish a book.
  Do me too.
 And I love after about a year or two,  my friends and I who read Goosebumps, we started realizing like this.
  This stuff isn't as good as we maybe thought it was.
  It feels like he's using a lot of the same like phrases and tropes  over and over again.
  And then we stopped reading the books.
  But horror land, I was a big one, very excited as a little kid,  theme park fan.
  So it's again, it's going to be tough for me to take my bias out of this one.
  I also I had wondered if there was any bias within your household  because of Lindsay and her podcast, Teen Creeps.
  And then I discovered that you were on an episode about horror.
  You've talked horror land extensively.
  I don't know about extensively.
  I don't know that I'm an expert about the Goosebumps series.
  But yes, I did talk about it.
  I don't remember much about that episode because my brain is getting older  and information is leaving it at a rapid rate.
  So, yes, but I will say I have I  early give the edge to horror land just because of that fact.
  Sure.
 Well, then maybe we need to shine a light on McKinley Park  before we make any official decisions.
 Yes.
  You know, I didn't really know about it.
  I don't know if you guys knew this this movie.
  I'm a scaredy cat and I avoid these.
  I've never seen the final destination films.
  Perhaps I'm missing out.
  Does anyone have any prestanding affection for  this film or the franchise in general?  No, I don't.
  I am again, trying to get better at watching scary things.
  I've talked to the podcast about trying to watch.
  I watched Hellraiser.
  I watched some things that I thought were just snuff films when I was a kid  just to see what they're like.
  And I like some of them.
 I don't like others.
  And but with Final Destination, I have not seen the movie,  but I did watch clips of just the theme park.
  So this is going to be easier for me to just look at the theme park aspects,  taking out any sort of nostalgia I have for the actual property.
  I think this is actually beneficial to this exercise that we're doing here today.
  Yeah.
 I mean, the main clip, the premonition  a OK, so Final Destination three is about this.
  This time they avoid death.
  Some people outsmart death by not getting on a derailing roller coaster.
  But then some people do.
  So it's kind of the like spurring the action of the movie.
  And that footage of the derailing coaster is simultaneously gruesome  and very corny, making it a perfect summation of the mid 2000s.
  It's like it's a perfect piece of meat, a lot of handy cams,  a lot of digital cameras in this sequence.
  And a little like many Blair witches.
  We're going to pepper it with Blair witchiness.
  Yeah.
 And it it Devil's Flight is the name of the coaster.
  The coaster in real life is called the Corkscrew.
  It's at Playland in Vancouver, Canada.
  Much of American entertainment shot in Canada, of course.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  This this one just kind of seems like shitty, like  Final Destination three, the Playland or McKinley Park, the fictional name.
  I don't know.
 It just seems kind of lame.
  Horrorland, too, is like a massive franchise within Goosebumps.
  There's Horrorland one day at Horrorland.
  Return to Horrorland, a multi-book,  multi-part series, no longer self-contained stories.
  Horrorland series to Horrorland video games.
  It is kind of really, really grown out.
  Oh, and I believe on the show.
  What's the Goosebumps show on the show?  And I think that that multi-book series involves different Goosebumps  characters from different books, like continuity, like characters meeting  from all the different Goosebumps.
  Yeah, Final Destination doesn't have the amount of stuff that's packed in now.
  It just didn't have.
  There weren't multiple Final Destination three.
  Final Destination three, part two, part three.
  Yeah, three.
  We not that the no, no.
  You pretty much have this one ride, which does have like a cool devil  on the outside of it.
  And there's and I think Q looks cool.
  He got some torches and some scary medieval stuff.
  I also wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
  And I did find a big list of the stuff that they have.
  I don't know if this was just they were just saying, what's at the actual place?  Playland.
 They might be.
  But there's something called Mr.
  Ken's Donut Factory.
  So you want to go there?  They have got something called the Fudge Factory.
  You want to check out the Fudge Factory at McKinley Park.
  Calm down in case after some of your friends die.
  Something called Electric City.
  I don't know what that is, but I like the name.
  But then, you know, I didn't even have time to do the deep dive on Horrorland.
  I didn't grow up with this, but there's like the Wikipedia is massive.
  Just every like phrase you see sounds really great.
  And I did watch an episode of the show, as you said, Mike.
  I didn't realize this isn't even just the horror bracket.
  This is the shot in Canada bracket, because that is a Toronto production  as opposed to the Vancouver production.
  And that, you know, you get a good sense of the park there.
  There's all these, you know, there's a lot of creepy monsters who work there  and like work the admission, but they still like have an admission booth,  despite it being like monsters and trying to kill you.
  They still have a guy show up in the booth.
  He tells you admission is free.
  So that's plus.
  Even though bad things happen, even though you have to get once you get in,  you have to be in a demented game show.
  But hey, it's free.
  And there's monsters working refreshment booths.
  There's and you can I try to do some freeze framing throughout this competition  and see like, what's the rest of that menu or what are the rides we don't get to see?  And you do see the family get Monster Punch,  which is topped with dinosaurs for some reason, which are considered monsters, I guess.
  But you don't get to see ordering of toenail tacos.
  Or crunchy cockroaches.
  That sounds good.
  Toenail tacos is a good creepy what the Green Goblin would say.
  And they have a they have like six flags.
  They have a coffin challenge, which is like a regular ride.
  The ride is you get in a coffin and they push you down a river in it.
  And then the people in the show seem surprised that then that is scary to do.
  They like willingly get in the coffin.
  All right.
 What's the worst that could happen?  And they're like relaxed and enjoying this coffin ride down a river until  until like the door slams and there's a spider in there.
  But, you know, you got to like that it has something like six flags.
  So just by virtue of the list of specifics, I feel like we know where we're going.
  Yeah, I mean, bad stuff's going to happen at both of these choices.
  But the creativity of the bad stuff is so much better and cooler at Horrorland.
  I mean, yeah, you go through the Wikipedia and there's so much.
  There's like different lands.
  There's different there's creative ways.
  I mean, roller coaster and Final Destination, it's like it just derails.
  I mean, there's some like blood dripping.
  I mean, there's some whatever creative stuff, but like  there's monsters running a theme park.
  That's great.
 That's just fun.
  Working the job is working the job.
  They're fully staffed up.
  Right.
 That's what we want Disneyland to be more of.
  Or at least I did as a kid, I wanted Mickey to be taking tickets  at the front of the park.
  I wanted all characters, no humans.
  I bet also that Horrorland hasn't had to do layoffs,  unlike other theme parks during all this, because monsters love COVID.
  It may they thrive on it and it makes them them grow.
  And CEOs cut their pay for the whole pandemic as well.
  And they're still fine, you know, if they didn't do it  for just a month like Disney did.
  It's you know, they their monsters are bad to us,  but they support each other.
  So you got a lot of them for that.
  Well, I think that's clear.
  I think we can lock it in.
  Our landing on you advance.
  Congratulations, Horrorland, which takes us to we stay scary here.
  We're staying scary.
  Mm hmm.
 Is it me? Is it me? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 Evil Island bracket.
  This is Pleasure Island versus Spooky Island.
  Pleasure Island, of course, from Pinocchio, not the Disney World defunct island.
  Parents Island type.
  Yes.
 So this is and Spooky Island from.
  2002 Scooby Doo.
  Thank you.
  Which what a what a great treat to in preparation for this,  have an excuse to watch 2002 Scooby Doo.
  I think kind of a kind of a sleeper.
  I think sometimes I like boy, movies have gotten so insane and awful at times  that now I'm like, wow, Scooby Doo from 2002 really had it together.
  Great, great performances, wonderful actors, top to bottom, great aesthetics.
  What like I at the time I was all like,  I was trying to get into my Wes Anderson's and like this commercial filth.
  No, thank you.
  But now I'm like, I'd love to.
  I had a great time watching Scooby Doo.
  I felt the same way.
  Both of those live action Scooby Doos on HBO Max  leave along with the more recent Scoob,  which was directed by the guy who worked on  Tom and Jerry Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
  Oh, weird.
 Oh, interesting.
  So the director, though, of the live action Scooby Doo,  of course, loses points because it's written by Hollywood sicko James Gunn, but  directed by a guy named Roger  Gosnell, who also directed Never Been Kissed, Beverly Hills Chihuahua  and Smurfs and Smurf 2.
  What a lineup.
  And the filmography.
  Am I correct?  Do you have it in front of you?  I think he I think his film debut possibly was Home Alone 3.
  I believe you're correct.
  Yes, a perennial masterpiece.
  I think that his career is that he was the editor of the first two Home Alones.
  And then he's like one of those odd cases  that was in a non directorial position and then worked his way up  to direct a lot of crazy crap.
  But you do have to give him credit, I guess, for the aesthetics of this place,  which how do you even describe it?  I don't.
 It's why.
  There is like choices with there's a vibe with Spooky Island.
  Yeah, I don't even.
  Hmm.
 It is like it is very imagineered.
  I will say like more than a lot of things on this list.
  I feel like, oh, a lot of time and thought have been put into the design of this.
  It's it's like there's like it's vaguely like I don't know why I want to say  Mortal Kombat ish, which that's not really true, but it feels like  it feels a video game evil.
  Yeah, that's a vague because it's a CGI ish.
  Mm hmm.
 But kind of good, kind of a good example of early 2000 CGI.
  I find this sometimes Scooby himself is kind of awful to look at.
  But the the place, I mean, like, do you guys all have in front of you  the the the main vista that you see when you arrive?  It's really all about this.
 I saw it.
 Yeah, that's the that's the shot.
  You know, admittedly, they don't really go into a lot of detail about what the rides are.
  But when you land on Spooky Island from Spooky Airlines  set to a very lazy, also ran outcast song called Land of a Million Drums.
  There is sorry if you really love that particular song.
  There's just like this.
  What a great, like beautiful tropical Australia, I think,  is where they shot all these because then there were yes crossover with the theme park down there.
  Just like crazy, like studded skull with water slides  bursting out of both of its eyes and then sort of a I mean, lots of big skeleton kind of stuff.
  There's a huge I mean, just like amazing fake rock work.
  You got to give it up for that.
  This big, like, yes, that mountain head thing.
  The coaster looks fantastic.
  It's all it's like a little burning manny, like you almost feel like Raleigh Crump individual.
  Like maybe there was one art director who designed all of Spooky Island and it shows.
  Yeah, and it has that kind of like it's laid out really well, which is something  you know, how we talk about, especially like a Tokyo Disney Sea,  where like every angle of the park is very impressive.
  You could be in the, you know, in the back right corner of it and look and go, oh, wow,  this looks like it was perfectly framed.
  And it's not maybe quite as good as that.
  But this does look like some thought was put into it from a design standpoint,  where like you would go, oh, I could see how this would be so impressive,  you know, standing here at the front gate.
  This image, if you arrive via a boat, which is cool, very cool in and of itself.
  If you arrived and saw this main establishing shot,  you'd be so excited for all the fun you did.
  This this frame might be the best frame of anything that we're talking about.
  I think.
 Yeah, I agree.
  I'd love to be there.
  But do you dock at points because you don't really get you kind of go around  like this one spooky castle ride is broken.
  I don't they don't stress the rides at all.
  You don't really have a sense of what the rides are.
  No, they they really stress the resort aspect.
  There's mention of Emil Mondavarius, the head of the park.
  Rowan Atkinson's character,  you know, antagonizing the creatures that supposedly inhabit the park.
  And you never want to antagonize the locals when you build a park.
  You know, you want to reach out.
  So it's it's tough because, yeah, while they don't get into the rides,  you can tell what kind of what the rides are.
  You know, it's like, despite the fact that they don't like go over how it works  or they don't ride some of the things you see,  I can still kind of tell what this crazy rollercoaster in the background  or the eye thing, I can kind of imagine what it would be like.
  So is that hmm, I don't know.
  We're running up into a situation here where I haven't even thought about it.
  Is my imagination of what the rides are.
  Is that valid in this competition?  Sure, if they don't take the time to show you.
  And what they do show you is a cool hotel, a fun spring  break vibe, lots of energetic youths hang around in very inventive pants.
  I think this is a place that you want to be.
  It's it's really like a  a place for teens is what it what it feels like.
  This is a cool spring break park for teens, as opposed to the  the competitor that we haven't even talked about, which is entirely for children.
  So we don't even have the option to go there.
  But at this point, there's not one adult around.
  Even though I live my life saying hi, diddle, diddy, diddy.
  Hi, diddle, diddy, an actor's life for me.
  So real tongue with her.
  Is that what Walt really thought of actor like, well, these vagabond scumbags,  these crazy, these nasty little creeps?  I'd like to think he did, but I don't know that to be a fact.
  They're manipulated.
  There is a great  I started listening to the audio book of Disney War  about like the ousting of the Eisner regime.
  And it there's so within  the first 30 minutes, there's so many great details.
  But there is an anecdote about like Walt and his family watching  to kill a mockingbird and him going, I wish I could make.
  They were all very moved.
  And he goes like, I wish I could make a movie like that.
  But unfortunately, like they the public has this idea of Walt Disney.
  That's not me.
 I drink.
 I smoke.
  I can't can't make movies like this.
  I've never heard this anecdote before.
  Mm hmm.
  This is like all the the secret movies Lucas makes that we'll never get to see.
  Oh, yeah.
 And they are so experimental.
  What are they?  Are they just like colors bleeding into each other and then like loud?  And is it is there like a lot of nudity in them?  Or they would you like throw up if you watched one of these secret Lucas?  Yeah.
 Is it a snuff movie or is it just like Stan Brakhage?  Like pain on film, like sort of thing?  Or is it like just Kim playing all the parts in his episode seven,  the one that he had in his mind?  And he's making the whole like 22 hour movie and he's playing all the characters.
  I'm I'm a will.
  I'm Willie Will.
  I'm nerd luck, nerd luck will.
  Yeah, it's part of the space jam of verse two.
  These are voices that George Lucas is doing.
  Let's let's talk about Pleasure Island.
  The I look again.
  You love it.
 Personal biases.
  You love a little puppet boy.
  Have you seen this new Coke Zero commercial with a horrifying Pinocchio in it?  No, I'll send it to you later.
  Yeah, it's a real, real nightmare.
  I think there's a couple of them.
  This is you.
  All right.
 Another evil island.
  You get your you get on a boat and that is that has too many people on it.
  And then you run across a bridge that has too many people on it.
  And then you get in a Ferris wheel that has too many people on it.
  There's like 12 kids in a car.
  They're all exploding out.
  People are going to fall.
  This is too.
 This is over capacity to begin with on Pleasure Island.
  They've they've overbooked this.
  I guess knowing that there'll be a lot a lot of turnover,  that these kids aren't going to be kids for long.
  No, I there's a the character.
  There are some like what would you say the wall to Pleasure Island is it?  Is it is it Honest John or is it that other guy?  Stromboli, Stromboli.
  No, they just like maybe they don't like actually they.
  I don't know that we who's like really profiting.
  Maybe it is that main that boat guy.
  Yeah, that's John.
  Wait, no, John is it's that other guy that like sort of.
  Well, they say I'm looking at the Wikipedia and I apologize.
  You know, we know the ride's better than we know the movies, folks.
  But Jay Worthington Fowlfellow is the Fox is Honest John.
  OK, and it is implied to be an illegal or extremely notorious place  as hinted by Jay Worthington Fowlfellow.
  So I don't think he owns it, but he is the Fox.
  That's the same guy.
 The Coachman is the owner of the island.
  The Coachman does own it.
  Yeah, Coachman is the owner of the island.
  The guy in the big red smock, essentially.
  God, well, why do you think all the bad boys?  There's enough in it for them to this Fox to like just  steal children, just funnel children.
  This is this is a child trafficking ring.
  This is scarcely a theme park, as I think about it.
  Yeah, I guess now that you put it like that, I feel like nobody can vote for it.
  Honest John and Gideon work for him.
  And I'm remembering, Scott, your story of being set when you were sat on.
  Yeah, by Gideon, right?  Yep.
 So that's that's working against maybe.
  That's why I'm being so severe about this in the world of Pinocchio in general.
  As much as I think that Joseph Gordon-Levitt's  Jiminy Cricket will make my spirits soar  and make me want to wish upon a star as I did when I was young.
  But we haven't seen him yet.
  He's not in this.
  He's not in this creepy 1940s version full of tobacco.
  And how is this being vandalized?  Yes.
 The Rough House.
  There's an attraction called the Rough House, which is a tent where boys can fight  and causes the kids, where the children go to fight.
  The character Lampwick, who Pinocchio meets, goes, Oh, boy, a scrap.
  I would love to be Lampwick in this live action Pinocchio.
  Would love to.
 Jason for Lampwick.
  Oh, please.
  I, of course, will get yelled at by the food stylist people.
  They have to prepare as a disembodied voice yells,  get your cake pie, dill, pickles and ice cream.
  All the things children love to indulge in.
  What is up with that?  Why is this?  Did Walt consider dill pickles a major vice at the time?  Only the worst children would salivate over dill pickles.
  Well, and he would go on to sell it.
  A lot of this stuff that they're like, oh, look at all this disgusting stuff.
  Looks like attractions.
  He would go on to build.
  Yeah.
  Uh, so there, but there is.
  There is some fun to be had.
  The design of it, I find very enticing.
  I like the look of it in the cartoon.
  I think it looks very cool.
  Yeah.
  Um, and I guess it's hard, you know, these are good animators  or great animators who put this stuff together.
  So I do as well say, despite the fact that I would, if I was a little boy,  I would come out the other end being a donkey.
  I would be excited to go there.
  I might be uncomfortable because when I found out exactly like, Oh,  smoking and tobacco that's and scraps.
  But as a kid, it would appeal to me just aesthetically.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, yeah, boy, you'd really like, maybe you'd like jump off and try to swim  home and either die on the way, but also avoid being a donkey forever.
  Um, maybe, uh, yeah, the fear of scraps would might save both of us,  but condemn Jason to donk.
  Right.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  That's fine.
  I guess that's my lot.
  You becoming a donkey.
  Yeah.
  If you, maybe you might still have access to like unfinished  pickles and like full chickens.
  There's some crust in that pie tin.
  Give it here.
  Give it here.
  Lampy.
  Um, so this is tough.
  This is difficult except I guess the donkey part is the,  yeah, that is what happens.
  This is not a good thing that they're doing.
  I mean, it's easy for me, but maybe it's less easy.
  Uh, let's see.
  I don't want to sway it.
  I mean, yeah, as far as an imagineered place.
  Yeah.
  I, I think, I think I'm going to have to vote against pleasure Island.
  I think spooky Island has to win.
  Hey, I'll give it.
  I'll give it to spooky Island.
  It is very intriguing.
  Wasn't sure.
  Wasn't sure if the, if the pies would have enough sway, but there's probably  pies on spooky Island too, I think teens like pies.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  So there's gotta be, yeah, there's gotta be elements there and just the rides look  cool, the rides do look cool at spooky Island.
  I can't deny that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, okay.
  So now we get unscary, thankfully.
  And, uh, we move on to it's, it's, it's, it's, uh, it's all comedy.
  It's all, it's all, it's kind of a live action realm from here on out.
  Uh, Jason, you want to take this next one?  Um, I, I think I got myself turned around as I do at least once.
  Hold on.
  Oh, I'll do here.
  I got it.
  You know, maybe I should do it also because I, I do have some  splaining to do.
  Um, I crafted this particular bracket to be the actually magic mountain bracket.
  Oh yes.
  Foul foul on the court on this one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm, I'm heading there.
  I'm going to admit it.
  Um, I, and, and this is a competition between Wally world from national  lampoons vacation and mega mountain from three ninjas high noon at mega mountain.
  Um, so I had that category makes sense.
  They were both actually filmed at six flags, magic mountain,  makes sense, pair them up.
  I start watching the movie and I'm halfway in and realize this is not, I  thought maybe just some of it was not at magic mountain, but they're going to get there.
  I don't know why I always thought this was filmed at magic mountain.
  Is it just cause it's called mega mountain?  Did the coaster look like Colossus?  Yeah.
  You see where I was going with it, but we can't call it that it's not  the actually magic mountain.
  It's the technically a six flags bracket.
  Uh, if you add a few asterisks and explain yourself because mega mountain,  uh, three ninjas, uh, mega mountain was filmed at Colorado's elitch gardens,  which was owned and operated by six flags from 1999 to 2006 until it was  sold off during the Dan Snyder regime.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  Okay.
  But it is notable now in the last couple of years as the home to  Meow Wolf's kaleidoscope attraction.
  Really?  Oh, wow.
  Oh, that's cool.
  Oh, we should learn more about this place.
  Um, and a lot of YouTubers call it shitty.
  So I am interested.
  I think it looks nice.
  A smaller park, but, um, yeah.
  Interesting.
  Hmm.
  Um, but yeah, I mean, there's similar feels to these things.
  There's a big white roller coaster, a wooden roller coaster that's kind of central to it.
  Um, you know, bias about the products is going to factor in here.
  And national ampoules vacation, one of my favorite comedies for sure.
  One of my favorite movies.
  Uh, I always love it.
  Still love it.
  Things still make me laugh really hard in it.
  Um, if you can believe it, three ninjas, high noon and mega mountain is a lesser  film, I might go so far as to say.
  Uh, yes, I would, I would agree with that.
  Uh, I had to brush up on my three ninjas, high noon at mega mountain.
  Uh, and I was looking at YouTube.
  One of the first videos that pops up is three ninjas, high noon and mega  mountain, 1998 leather compilation.
  Uh, Lonnie Anderson is villainous Medusa and sexy leather outfits.
  Someone has compiled all of Lonnie Anderson's scenes or I guess the best scenes into one  clip that seems to be maybe what the most popular aspect of this movie is, I guess.
  And you already had that, you had that on your watch later playlist.
  So that was very convenient.
  You just went to the top of your list and right it up.
  Um, Lonnie in leather.
  That's funny when that happens, when you are looking for a clip from something and  then you realize and you find it and you're like, wait, this is framed in some fetish.
  Yes.
  What happened here?  There are, let me say this.
  I got, I watch a lot of clips of old late night talk shows as I'm assuming we all do,  just old style.
  Likewise.
  I said before, I like watching Desi, Ernest bore everybody on the tonight show with a  story about Charo and Xavier Kugit, but I now have been getting recommended David  Letterman flirting compilations or Craig Ferguson flirting compilations, 25 minute  videos, part one through 50 of David Letterman flirting with women.
  Like who's making these?  Who is tape?  Who was the entire library of late night hosts?  And remembers catalogs moments where David Letterman's like smiling a little.
  I it's weird.
  Wild.
  So yes, finding leather compilation and it's all in lowercase letters.
  Leather compilation too.
  It's just very, uh, very funny.
  The podcast, the ride flirting with guests, a compilation would be zero minutes long.
  Uh, we are very tame, even with our own significant others.
  Hear every host say I'm sorry.
  Yeah.
  We love your ride.
  Stigment.
  Uh, so, um, well, but despite, so high leather content, but that's not Medusa.
  She takes Medusa takes over the park.
  She's not supposed to be there.
  Um, let's do, we got to think about the park itself.
  And I don't know that you find out a lot.
  I think the mega mountain is the most generic theme park there is.
  Yeah.
  Um, other than that they are briefly featuring, you know, what happens when a  guy wraps up his 15 season long stunt show, uh, and then to commemorate the show  being canceled does a weekend of live performances next to a roller coaster,  which is what Hulk Hogan's character does in this movie.
  And then gets himself embroiled in a real mess.
  Um, fine Hulk performance, fine Lonnie Anderson, fine Jim Varney performance.
  Oh, Jim Varney.
  Fantastic performance.
  You love, I love seeing a non earnest from Jim Varney.
  There's very few of them, but boy, anytime he's not earn, even in the earnest  movies, when he's other characters, when he's that like mean prisoner who steals  earnest identity, that's great.
  Love Jim Varney.
  Yeah.
  He's like Lonnie Anderson is like number two.
  He's, he's Lothar Zog.
  That is his character's name.
  Lothar Zog.
  Z-O-G-G.
  Mm hmm.
  It's a good name.
  I got to tell you, I, this movie sticks out in my mind because I remember going  and seeing three ninjas in theater with my dad and brother had a great time.
  Saw the sequel, three ninjas kick back.
  Same thing.
  Had a nice time.
  Don't remember the third movie, the prequel.
  This is the fourth movie.
  I remember seeing boxes and blockbuster video and it's one of my early memories  of going like, ugh, what the hell?  Like just being disgusted by this.
  And I don't know if it's just like, they're still churning it out.
  That's clearly none of the original three kids and Hulk Hogan has the weirdest hair.
  And just that poster, that box.
  Like, I don't know.
  I was just like, ew, I don't know.
  Even as a kid, I guess I would have been like seventh or eighth grade when this  got released on video, but like, yeah, I don't know.
  The Elitch Garden seems very generic.
  They did change a lot of the signs.
  Apparently there are shots where you can see Elitch Garden signs they missed.
  Yeah.
  I, I don't think they're, I mean, Wally world, this is another early like live action.
  Like, okay, Disneyland's been around long enough.
  It's a universal enough that we can make fun of it in a big comedy release.
  Chevy Chase is a star at the time and a comedy movie that has like held up.
  I'm sure there's some dated stuff in it, but like, yeah, there's still very  funny performances and stuff in it.
  And yeah, and probably the best like comedy set piece involving the theme  park, I'd have to think.
  Yeah.
  Just like, yeah, it's being sort of taken hostage by this angry dad  and John Candy's so great.
  All reshoots I found out.
  I think there was, there was an original ending where they got to Wally world.
  It was closed and then they go to Roy Wally's house, the waltz of this movie.
  They go to his mansion and bother him there.
  So none of that John Candy stuff and none of the park is in it.
  So they made the right move because boy, that park sequence is so fun.
  Yeah.
  Marty Moose.
  He's Marty Moose.
  I was going to say like Roy Wally and Marty Moose.
  You don't have a ton of like, it doesn't seem like it was made by like theme  park nerds, but just Roy Wally and Marty Moose go so far.
  Yes.
  Just as far as specifics and characters you enjoy.
  So, I mean, I, it's not a contest.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We could pick up the pace.
  I think we could call this one Wally world.
  Makes sense to me.
  I enjoyed watching mega mountain that I, that I will say.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, there was so much leather in it, Scott.
  How could you not enjoy it?  And Jim Lothar and leather?  Not, yeah, I'm a Lothar fan.
  I'm a leather fan.
  I'm a leather head like George Clooney.
  Did we say Jason was a leather daddy in one of the episodes like two years ago?  I mean, it's entirely likely.
  Seems don't remember why we would have.
  Don't remember.
  Seems like us.
  Um, well, uh, so yeah, if you're a leather daddy.
  Uh, then high noon is the, yeah.
  Uh, and that, that YouTube clips the clip for you.
  Um, that's, that's good because I think we need to get to this one because this  was, this is a, this is a pretty meaty one.
  Jason, do you want to take this?  I do.
  This is the wild card brackets and 1994 comedy bracket.
  Wonder world from Beverly Hills, cop three versus dinosaur world from the  much panned, but now whole classic film Clifford.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  Both films from 1994.
  I was really hoping.
  And then like, is the other one?  And it was Clifford.
  I don't think wanted to be from 1994.
  I think this is a film that's set on the shelf for some time.
  This is a, yeah, some maligned movie.
  Now I got to tell you though, I, I learned about the existence of  Clifford from the best show.
  Cause, uh, Tom Schartling is a big, uh, proponent of this movie.
  And I think I got it from Netflix, like mail you DVD Netflix.
  And I think it's, it's so fun.
  Like Martin Short, Charles Groten, Mary Steenburgen, it's hard to beat.
  Dabney Coleman.
  And it's, it's weird.
  It is so weird.
  Martin Short plays a 10 year old.
  Uh, Charles Groten is one of the angriest characters in film and they're  just at the top of their game.
  And folks, if you haven't check out Clifford.
  Also on HBO max.
  An odd amount of these things are.
  Um, yeah, it's, it's something I feel like I didn't dig it a lot in it's like  aired on Comedy Central all the time.
  Yeah.
  Hey day, but there's something about it now again in, in, in hindsight.
  And the thing that we've sort of like lost the bizarre character at the center  of the movie comedy, um, I like, I miss it a lot.
  I miss this kind of thing and yeah, it's insane and things don't work about it.
  But, um, it's, it's pretty interesting and bizarre.
  And then, you know, so are we now, are we just taking like odd affection for the  movie, uh, into consideration here?  Maybe, but the rock, the, the park and the ride.
  Oh, I mean, yeah.
  Are we all coming in as enthusiastic about dinosaur dinosaur?  Well, yeah, I just commit so hard.
  I feel like it's really like built like a track.
  Like it's ride, like it's crazy.
  The scene in the movie, you get a full sense of this entire ride.
  It's maybe a rare case where they invent a whole ride and show you every bit of it.
  You really, you completely know what the ride is because Clifford, uh, Charles  Groton is not his, is his uncle or something who is Uncle Martin.
  Um, and, and it's his dream.
  It's Clifford's dream to go to dinosaur world.
  Uncle Martin worked on dinosaur world, so he has access to it.
  And eventually he's pushed to the brink so much that he does take  Clifford dinosaur world, but in sort of a kidnapping way, takes them on the ride,  but then takes them on the ride again and double speed and then again and again.
  Uh, and so the ride is kind of used as a torture device until, uh, things work out.
  But, um, in setting that up, oh my God, you get to go, this is just, I think one  of the best like ride sequences there's ever been.
  Oh, yeah.
  And he's just so excited to go.
  He is lying.
  I believe that dinosaur world is the only place that a boy like me can be happy.
  Like it's, it's great.
  It's great.
  He's right.
  He's right.
  This ride is so good and you see it and you see it from all angles of it.
  I don't think there's another ride in any of the things we've talked about that is,  is fleshed out and has shown you almost all parts of it as this.
  Like this is like a ride through video of this ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, essentially.
  And you get with beautiful coverage and beautiful, uh, matte paintings.
  I think you have to give it up for matte paintings throughout this thing.
  Cause it's matte paintings that make the entrance to Wally world looks so cool.
  It kind of, there's, there's other ones of these that use matte paintings to great effect.
  And, uh, oh my God, there's just beautiful painting work to set this up.
  When the, uh, uh, uncle Martin obscons with Clifford in the middle of the night.
  So it's kind of like crack of dawn that you're arriving at dinosaur world and you see the  sun rise above it just a little bit.
  And I'm like, this is Disney sea.
  This is Tokyo Disney sea or Nate fake rocks, a whole rich environment.
  Um, and within that, I think this ride, which is called Larry, the scary Rex is journey  to the center of the earth.
  It's, it's in a similar environment.
  It's in a volcano type setting.
  There's magma, there's lava and it's, uh, and like incredible animatronics.
  There's it's a works as a gentle dark ride, but then it's really thrilling.
  Um, Mike, this, uh, issue of intimacy with characters and animatronics, you get  intimacy big time, you get long moments with.
  It's unbelievable.
  Oh, yeah.
  You haven't seen it.
  If you're listening to this right now, I actually suggest pausing this and just  going, there's a YouTube video.
  I think it's called Clifford rides.
  Larry, the scary Rex.
  It is, it'll blow your mind.
  If you're like us, like you will go, Oh, it, I, it feels like this ride exists.
  This is how much work went into this movie that like they didn't, nobody wanted to  come out and that like, isn't like, it's an incredible sequence, but it's also one  of those nineties, like, uh, just kind of becomes like action and stuff.
  And it's not funny per se.
  I remember thinking this sequence is like unpleasant as a comedy ending of a movie  that already has problems and yet taking all that away, just watching it as like a  ride through, I want this to exist so badly.
  There's a shooting element.
  There's so many elements to this, right?  It was, it feels like it was made by an Imagineer.
  Like there's so much thought put into it.
  There are moods.
  There are different, Scott was saying with his journey to the center of the earth.
  It feels like there's, they have so many different things that the ride does.
  There's thrills, there's robots, there's intimacy.
  There's a shooting aspect of it.
  It's shooting.
  It's a shooter ride.
  Interactive.
  Yeah.
  You have to fire a laser at, it's not just you pass by the titular Larry, the scary  Rex, you have to kill him.
  You have, you pull out a laser gun that you don't know is there suddenly  surprise drops in your lap and you have to, you have to bring him to the ground.
  It's crazy.
  Meanwhile, here is what Eddie Murphy had to say before Beverly Hills Cop 3 was made.
  If I do a Cop 3, you can safely say, oh, he must've got a lot of money.
  Because here's what I learned about this movie.
  A lot of people involved in it have disowned it.
  I want nothing to do with it.
  And you know, don't forget that before the film was made, that, you know, we're  all thinking about coming to America a little bit because the sequel is out.
  And which, and both these films were Eddie Murphy and directed by John  Landis, Eddie Murphy said some horrible things about John Landis and yet still  made this movie with him.
  It's so confusing.
  Choked him on the set, I believe.
  I said stuff about the trial, like essentially, like imagine that you like,  well, I think that this guy was involved in these kids dying, but yeah, sign them  up, get them on Cop 3, why not?  That's how little give a shit.
  Now that all being said, I think in another category, this is a very detailed,  the 1994 is the curse of this because they have absolutely thought out an  entire full theme park with Wonderworld.
  It's so detailed.
  And characters, this is the thing we're saying.
  And I almost feel, yeah, now that we're doing it, I feel almost bad.
  I feel like this should have been in a different category because yes, I  think it could have won.
  I mean, you know what?  We, there are no rules.
  Could we throw this and replace it with something else?  That's interesting.
  Yeah.
  Why not?  If there's one, we don't feel like.
  Let's look at the other one, the list of what's one.
  Really don't want to give too much shine to anything with the name  Landis attached to it.
  So what do you mean?  Why?  Seems like great family to me.
  I look also, you know, in its favor, a wonderful George Lucas cameo.
  Yeah.
  Let's wait.
  We were doing George Lucas voices before.
  Let me do my impression of that.
  Hey.
  He says, Hey, and then let's go.
  Incredible to see George Lucas acting and clad in a t-shirt with one of  the characters from this park.
  Now they figured out, I think again, in any other category, you'd love it.
  That they like invented a whole mythology of like Mickey and friends  esque characters, including Okie Doki, the elephant who Eddie Murphy has to  dress up like, um, and at the end of the film, a new character is acting.
  The new character is added to the line.
  The, the, the climax, the reward for Axel Foley, for his hard work, doing  whatever is happening in this movie is that they debut Axel Fox.
  He gets his own original character that wears a jacket like he wears that  and a big balloon blows up and a bunch of confetti on top of a merry-go-round.
  It's a very exciting ending.
  The marching band at the park plays the Beverly Hills cop theme, which  exists in the world of Beverly Hills cop.
  Yeah.
  There's a wonder world song.
  There is a wonder world song, um, wonder world portrayed by what is now  called California's great America at the time was Paramount's great America.
  And this is different from six flags, great America, which was your park,  Mike, right?  That is correct.
  Okay.
  Number, um, a lot of confusing things.
  Yeah.
  The song, the song is the Sherman brothers.
  They got the actual Sherman.
  I mean, this would be killing and potentially in an, I think this beats  Wally world.
  Yeah.
  I think this replaces Wally world.
  I would like to, I would like a vote.
  I would like a vote right now.
  Should we replace this?  Well, hold on.
  We got a vote.
  Yeah.
  Or does it, can it replace something else?  Is it like a, I don't know.
  Let's yeah, we have to figure out the word.
  What happens here?  I mean, yeah, it's really good.
  It's, it's definitely really good.
  They have Disney dollars counterfeit money is a part of the story.
  So they, they flesh all that out.
  They film on real rides.
  They film on an earthquake in on the universal tour.
  Um, it's good.
  It's pretty good.
  Um, but don't we have to hit the vote in this category for, and I'm throwing  my vote to dinosaur world.
  Yeah.
  So am I.
  I'm just saying, yeah, dinosaur world is awesome.
  So I'm just saying, can we throw, can we replace Wally world with wonder world?  Um, but isn't that just a rematch?  You're right.
  That is just having to throw up the whole bracket into disarray.
  No, I think it's out.
  All right.
  Fine.
  Let's revisit maybe potentially down the line, but yeah, I mean, it's, it is, it  is great and if, if we do abandon it, can I just say, and I know we got to move on.
  It turns out I read this, that they could not figure it.
  This, the screenwriter had a week to figure out a pitch on Beverly Hills  cop three, what it was going to be.
  Uh, and in that week, he read an article about the about to open universal city  walk, they were starting to build it.
  And if you remember, it was one of those articles that was really hoity  toity about like, uh, the, the, the fake microcosm betraying what an actual  community should be like these stupid eyefalutin, what everybody said about  city work, um, and the guy was just like, well, that's a funny environment to put.
  That's an environment where Axel is still like, uh, would be a fish out of water.
  So city walk inspired this movie.
  That's extremely theme park specific.
  Um, maybe all food for thought for why you might want to bring it back into  the competition, but we'll see.
  Okay.
  Um, so in an extremely long first round, extremely long.
  Oh my God.
  So we, we just have to plow more.
  I mean, we kind of set all our thoughts already.
  We just now got to go versus here.
  Um, and let's not even recap.
  Let's just dive right in.
  We're going into, we're going into round two.
  Uh, which places.
  And again, if you ever want to call, let's put, um, wonder world in.
  We'll, we'll talk about it.
  Um, so that brings us to itchy and scratchy land versus glove world.
  Um, what do we do there?  What do we do there?  Uh, yeah, that's tough.
  I mean, the glove world, as I said, is very clever.
  There's a ton of different specifics.
  Itching scratchy line is tough again, cause I don't think the rides are as good  there, but the land itself, as we were saying, the sort of experience of going  on vacation there would be fun.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But the, the, I keep coming back to the actual theme park itself.
  That has to be the anchor for this experience.
  So that's where I'm struggling right here.
  Well, there's that log rock and what you get to see and, but that's just  bad and it hurts you and your log gets, it's only called log ride.
  It gets torn down the middle and, uh, arrows get fired at you and you land on a cushion.
  It doesn't operate like a real ride would.
  Right.
  Um, that is fun though.
  But then there, you know, there's the tunnel of glove and glove world, which I really  like, I think that's a funny, funny joke.
  Uh, there's a super dangerous mode to that as well.
  That comes up.
  Yeah.
  Um, Oh, this is so tough.
  Uh, I guess, I mean, underwater seems really fun to do.
  I don't know.
  Am I going to go back to Scott's argument though, that one this that beat my beloved  Duff gardens, that parents islands and all of it's fun.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's no version of parents Island.
  Cause yes, we look, we're getting older and I'm not a young man anymore.
  I can't go to pleasure islands.
  I won't be, uh, recruited by Gideon or honest John.
  I do need a few of those experiences.
  Yeah.
  I get older.
  A hundred bars and restaurants.
  I don't know.
  SpongeBob spun, but, um, I know where my heart lies.
  Yeah.
  I think it's it's in scratchy land.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Moving along and we'll take out glove worlds.
  And that takes us then to Jurassic world versus Luna park on future.
  Right now we kind of skipped Luna park.
  Maybe we have to go over it a little to see if it can hold water against Jurassic world.
  Right.
  Now what I'll say about Luna park is that it feels very, it feels very  Duff gardensy to me, obviously it's a Mac grading show.
  There's very, some similarities in the way they're portraying rides as  kind of janky with old robots.
  Uh, there's a joke about how, uh, cause it's the future.
  They don't know how, uh, people landed on the moon or what that was all about.
  Uh, which I think is very funny.
  But the ride itself is very low fi low, low rent.
  And I appreciate that about it.
  It's full of robots and it's charming.
  It's still charming, even though the characters are at least fry, uh, doesn't  like it, doesn't like that specific ride and some of the other aspects of the park.
  So I do appreciate that.
  It's another Disneyland, uh, analog.
  You got your goofy gophers.
  You have essentially a country bear jamboree.
  So that's cool.
  But I don't know if I like the show.
  The show is just that they pop up and make little jokes and the country  where jamboree is so much more.
  That is exactly the same thought I had.
  There's a joke that Monsanto is presenting that, that show, which is very funny,  but they don't show me in there that they're having a jamboree.
  Uh, cause I clicked on it to refresh myself and I went, oh yeah, that's funny.
  But there's no real banjo plan or fiddle plan.
  I may, maybe there is, maybe they're not showing it to, but they have to show.
  They have to show me.
  I sort of set imagination for the Scooby Doo one, but.
  Yeah.
  I mean, Whalers on the moon is, I remember this is an early Futurama episode.
  I remember being very excited at Pirates of the Caribbean parody when it aired,  but some of the other jokes and stuff like ski ball, virtual ski ball, virtual,  virtual ski ball, that's more of an arcade joke than a theme park.
  That is an arcade joke.
  I agree with Jason.
  That's different.
  That's different.
  Do we like that?  It's in a big dome.
  It's in a bubble on the moon.
  And that's pretty cool.
  So you can, you don't need a space suit to be in there.
  That's fun.
  I do like that.
  I mean, it feels much more, there is something cold and impersonal about  Jurassic world and that's kind of even some of the idea in the movie of it.
  Sort of, it doesn't have that magic that, uh, that the original, I guess, did,  even though the movie, the original park never opened in the movie universe.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  It's like a, um, it's like an LA live.
  It's very, it's very corporate, uh, in it's, in it's chosen restaurants and  everything, but, um, Hey, you see dinosaurs at that T, the T-Rex is there.
  That's one thing to give it up for.
  You would see that T-Rex, uh, get splashed.
  You could be in the splash zone of the big thing, the big, uh, the mega  fish, whatever it's called.
  I, I think it's hard cause seeing dinosaurs seems pretty good, but being on  the moon is crazy too.
  Those are two crazy things.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  Yeah.
  I want to go to the crazy ass things.
  And it's tough because basically it's going to come down to, cause I think  actually the content of Luna park.
  I like more cause if Jurassic world showed us that had one ride that felt  very classic dark ride, I do always like that to be an element of a park, something  that feels very much tied to like your classic Disney dark rides.
  Yeah.
  So that's, that's what it's coming down to.
  And I'm thinking about it, seeing a dinosaur for real or being on the moon  and then getting to kind of see a fun janky Disneyland.
  It's hard when you put it like that, it's hard because the dinosaur is crazy.
  But you might meet Buffett.
  You can go to, but you can go to margaritaville in our actual world and  it's not a very good restaurant.
  So not a great restaurant.
  I might admit that.
  Uh, yeah, make a good argument there.
  It is the moot.
  We are not taking into account that this is going to the moon, going to the moon  and then seeing a fun robot show.
  Yeah.
  I, do you guys know what you're voting yet?  I don't.
  Oh boy.
  Huh?  It's going to be long, but this is the longest episode of candidates,  least longest in quarantine.
  Um,  I don't know, Mike, you might have sold me on the moon.
  I hadn't considered that before the actual practical implications of a  theme park on the moon.
  Yeah.
  I had Moon street USA and you know, probably bars up there too.
  USA might push me over the edge.
  I think I'm giving it to Luna park.
  I think I am too.
  Okay.
  Well, it doesn't matter.
  Um, you might have upset.
  I don't know.
  Maybe just maybe I'll do a protest vote for Jurassic world just to say thanks  for the effort and I really liked the dress.
  Like what I almost can't believe that we're heading into this without, into the  end without Jurassic park.
  Um, but I'm glad it's, it was obvious, I think.
  And, uh, this is where we got to be bold.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Which we ended up with two, it's, it's now a graining, a graining on.
  Yeah.
  Categories.
  Yeah.
  Um, okay.
  So we advanced that and that takes us to scary stuff, horror land from  Goosebumps versus spooky Island from Scooby Doo 2002.
  Um, this is tough.
  This is tough.
  Okay.
  Um, spooky Island is obviously not as fleshed out, but that image is so powerful.
  Yeah.
  It was strong.
  Yeah.
  What a, what a Skylar and, uh, you know, bad things are going on on spooky Island,  but it's not, I think a lot of people don't encounter the bad things.
  Whereas everyone at horror land that is a good point or endangered.
  That is a good point because spooky Island seems like, yeah, you can come away  with nothing wrong and nothing bad happening.
  Mm.
  Um, but there, the sheer amount of stuff you can do at horror land.
  Mm.
  Hmm.
  And there's werewolf village, horror rapids, vampire village, monster zoo.
  Like there's just the sheer amount of stuff.
  It seems like it goes and goes.
  It goes and goes.
  Mad labs is an area on horror land, which mainly consists of mad scientists,  like buildings and architecture.
  Toxic gunk dunk.
  Yeah.
  That shock and roll brain drain.
  Terror tombs is an area filled with mummies.
  There's like a weird, and I'm forgetting where I put this in from.
  There's a weird dentist thing too, which sounds like it would hurt you, but what  an idea for a themed experience.
  Plasma Plaza.
  Yeah.
  The fact that it's thought out and was used as the basis for world building to  like tie together different goosebumps, like sub universe.
  I don't, yeah, I think.
  Now there, okay.
  Let me, now here, let me show you this.
  This is actually just something I'm coming upon.
  Now there's a photo I have here that I think has, has maybe swayed me a little  bit more, um, and let me, got how to do this.
  Of course.
  Here we go.
  Look at this.
  Ooh.
  Well, that's better than the Toronto television series that I watch.
  This is more expansive than that.
  That's a very tall coaster with a witch.
  They're all the cauldron, um, black widow, a drop ride, big, uh, dragon.
  Ooh.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Cause the original, the original book, horror land, it was a little bit  more like kind of a carnival, but from reading about what they've done  since and all the different lore, it feels like they've expanded it to be sort  of a multi multi-day resort.
  But.
  Good.
  You are going to get like hurt or psychologically damaged if you go.
  That is the one trade-off.
  Yeah, it's scary.
  You have to ride in a coffin down the river.
  Right.
  But that's built in that, like, like in the way that Disneyland has meant  spark joy from eight to 80, it's accomplishing its stated goal of causing  abject horror, but I think that spooky Island is achieving its goal of being  spooky, but also, um, out, lesser outcast music is playing and there's,  uh, like Tiki bars and it's like a burning man that's has more infrastructure.
  So I don't have to be like a survivalist to be there, but something bad could  happen to you at spooky Island as well.
  There is a possibility of it.
  Maybe, but we know that they've established contact with the mystery  gang or whatever they're called.
  So, you know, they might come and fix it for me.
  Right.
  I'm just saying there's risks involved in both of these.
  So if there are risks and maybe you're right, maybe they're not equal risks,  but if there are risks with both of these, and I was about to declare what I was  going to say, but now I'm trying, I'm second guessing my thoughts.
  I'm going to, I'm going to really put it on.
  Yeah.
  I'm going with spooky Island.
  I also just want, like, I really wanted, even though of course, more on mountain  can't be in, I really want some bad CGI to be in here and that does it for, I  really just love that Vista of spooky Island.
  So then I'm going to give it to horror land.
  Uh, so Mike, it's your call.
  Yeah.
  See, here's the thing.
  And now I've talked to myself about all the different things with horror land.
  And maybe actually that is a deficit to horror land is that perhaps there's now  so much media surrounding it, there's not a unified horror land that even exists.
  Maybe they've sort of thrown too many ideas at it and spooky Island is a much,  you can feel it's of a piece.
  If we're thinking of it in terms of an album, a musical album, spooky Island  looks like it's a finite thing.
  It's a piece that was designed meticulously.
  Horror land is maybe more of, and this is going to sound like a  nod at our, a knock at our beloved knots.
  But not as very much suffers from, Oh, here's the section that was built when  there was a coaster craze in the eighties.
  Here's one we're chasing this trend.
  And now they're doing, of course, much more stuff we love, which is  theming and characters and tying everything to what mythology.
  So now if you're viewing it, if you're viewing it like an album, you know, think  of it like the soundtrack of Scooby Doo, the motion picture with Shaggy, Sugar  Ray, a Buster Rhymes, Uncle Cracker cover of Freaks Come Out at Night.
  Um, and if you imagine that that's the kind of music that you're hearing, which  is you probably are on spooky Island.
  Well, and you'd definitely be seeing some fashion nightmares.
  I mean, come on, frosted tips, long dresses worn with jeans underneath.
  Yikes.
  What were we doing back then?  The Fred and Daphne and Velma are the most tastefully dressed people on.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I think.
  I think.
  I'm going to go spooky Island.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  I've just really been rooting for spooky Island since we started talking about this.
  All right.
  Um, yeah, the frosted sugar ray sugar rays there.
  Don't forget that.
  Yeah.
  They're performed.
  They they're hanging out by the pool.
  So sugar ray twice live.
  Thank God.
  In the last 10 years.
  They sounded great.
  Honestly, I was front row in one of these concerts socially distance with mass and  everyone was tested on the last two.
  I let him in the last three months.
  And days.
  Oh, yeah.
  It was at some casino in Florida and there were no masks.
  Mark coughed on you.
  OK, so that takes us to Wally World versus Dinosaur World.
  And you know what?  I don't think there's even no fucking contest.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Look, Vacation, obviously the better movie.
  But oh, my God, I like Dino.
  Yeah, that's a 12 seed defeating a one seed.
  You love to see it.
  But Dino World is one of the great portrayals of an attraction.
  Yeah.
  Unbelievable.
 Immaculate.
  Wow.
  Attention to detail and who and even if you don't know what the rest of the park is,  just that that main rate doesn't even even if there weren't anything else.
  But there seems to be a great wooden roller coaster.
  So much going on at Dinosaur World.
  The real Final Four.
  Yeah, we are down as they are.
  Yes, we got it.
  It is itchy and scratchy land from the Simpsons, Luna Park from Futurama,  Spooky Island from Scooby Doo and Dinosaur World from the Martin Short vehicle Clifford.
  We are down to four.
  I'm pretty happy with it.
  I think there's.
 I love it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There's there's ones I almost wish Jurassic World could have made it further.
  I almost wish.
  I mean, if you were doing just a pure for maybe Jurassic World is in there  and maybe Wonder World is in there, but I don't know.
  Agree, disagree?  Yeah, it's tough.
 I mean, this is.
  I'm not.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  That's the only two I would maybe slot in.
  I mean, obviously, I would want Duff Gardens over itching scratchy land,  but that's the only other two I would maybe slot in.
  This is a part of me that would want that, too.
  I I don't know.
  I have my regrets, but you got to look forward, especially when you're  a longest episode candidate.
  So it seems scratchy land versus Luna Park Clash of the Grainings.
  Again, I think you have to think about that moon argument that really  like illuminated something.
  You are going to the moon.
  But, you know, this didn't invent going to the moon,  but it did make like a tangible place for you to go once you go there.
  It's also in the year 3000.
  It's a long ways away.
  You have to be there first.
  Right now.
  Yeah.
 Now, when we're putting these two up against each other,  it's they're similar.
  They're very similar as far as parks are concerned.
  It's just the moon element that the moon element is the only thing  that would make me go with Luna Park over itching scratchy land.
  That would have to supersede all the other stuff we've talked about,  all the other rides, all the other robots, the board itself.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The park itself, itching scratchy lands, undeniably better.
  You maybe have to consider some of the rides that you don't get to see.
  There is a sign at the beginning of the rides that are closed,  the head basher, the blood bath, the mangler.
  And then what the joke is that it's the first aid station  or the nurse's station or something.
  You got the restaurant tavern on the scream  where you have to enter under a big knife that's coming down.
  There's the actual danger element like they're now  itching scratchy land you are maybe supposed to get hurt.
  That's maybe like in the design, although you get hurt somewhat.
  Although I guess not.
  I mean, they designed the robots not to hurt you.
  But then right there, you have robot is robot parades all the time.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  And obviously that's really good.
  Yes, it's just it just comes down to that moon element, I think, for this,  because they're both they both have the stuff you're looking for  from a themed experience.
  I don't think Luna Park is fleshed out enough for me  compared to itching scratchy land.
 Right.
  I think there's just more stuff you like.
  And I agree itch and scratchy land is moving on.
  We've gained speed.
  And I think I feel like we'll keep gaining speed  because there was division with the other one, but there's no division with  dinosaur.
 We love dinosaur world as much as Clifford.
  Yes.
 Yeah, we're all little Clifford's.
  100% dinosaur world.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I don't like the realization that we're all little.
  We're all Clifford's.
  We are three Clifford's hosting a podcast.
  That's the new that is the new tagline for this podcast.
  Our partners are all Charles Groten yelling, can you just be like a normal boy?  Jason, of course, our parents are also screaming that  Jason knows the only one, though, that is half Charles Groton, half Clifford.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 That actually.
  Oh, no.
 Accurate description.
  I think it's probably not great when I if I meet with agents and managers,  I try to explain myself that way.
  And it's like, oh, yeah, two characters from a fucking bomb  from a million years ago.
 Very neat.
  You are definitely selling yourself to us.
  An old crank and a guy who likes to play creeps.
  I'm a combo of both.
  But I'm nice, please.
  I'll work long hours.
  Clifford in general, I feel like is like he thought he could do peewee.
  Like peewee is a little boy in theory, but you don't really think about it.
  And you're just always thinking about that.
  This is the grown man.
  You just you kind of don't overcome the creepiness and like,  you don't stop and think that peewee is 11 or whatever.
  He's supposed to be his other character, just kind of peewee to Ed Grimley.
  Is that the name? Ed?  They're similar.
 Yeah, they're similar.
  Grimley is very similar to peewee.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  Martin Shore, very, very talented performer,  has had many unnerving characters in his his long career.
  Oh, yeah.
 What do you excels at?  Yeah, it's always bizarre that like the weird, pale, mop topped Jackie Rogers Jr.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I love them all, but like there's no as a kid, they he scared me for sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  More often than not, I guess Frank is lovable.
  Yes.
 Father of the bride.
  Yeah, that's the but if that's your most normal, it's your most relatable guy.
  Maybe the guy who Captain Ron bothers.
  Maybe that's the last human.
  That's true.
  But we're not here to talk about the Martin Shore filmography.
  We're here to talk about the final two.
  We suddenly plowed to the last two and I love the last two.
  Very happy with the last two.
 Yeah.
  Here's a question.
  Does Wonderworld beat itchy and scratchy land?  Hmm.
 I don't think so.
  I don't think so.
 Probably not.
  Yeah, yeah.
 You've got the cartoon element.
  You've got the yeah, it's so inventive.
  Does Jurassic World's be itchy and scratchy?  I guess not, because it already.
  Yeah, I don't think so.
  Well, all right.
 Just kind of road testing these.
  So that brings us to is also is itching, scratching land the episode also from 1994?  No way.
 Is that right?  Itchy and scratchy land.
  And that episode is from the fourth from the sixth season,  which aired in on October 2nd, 1994.
  Wow.
 It's now a clash of the 1994s.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Interesting.
  Well, a good era.
  And you know what?  It was like a very this is not the screenwriter.
  This is a tactical.
  This is like there's like, you know, they're tangible experiences.
  So much in itchy and scratchy land.
  It's like, so, you know, the real stuff you can do real robots, real danger.
  Dinosaur World obviously is like, can you imagine if it existed?  If you could go on Larry, the scary Rex, that it would be very  you would feel like pirates, it would feel like it's in the era of Indiana Jones, too.
  Right.
 It's like it's like in a in a time where Disney was killing it.
  And if they did something that was as good as the movie scene is.
  Right.
 Yes.
 It'd be incredible.
  And that's and then what you're saying,  thinking of the quality of it from the dinosaur, the ride,  and then taking that and applying what they would have done then to the whole theme park.
  Yeah.
 You have to start your imagination starts to run wild with  what this whole thing would be, as you're saying, Disney sea level.
  Attraction, I think so.
  Now, do you maybe we've docked  points in the past or maybe you don't get the best sense of what the whole thing is.
  And you really only know Larry, the scary Rex.
  But that is a blockbuster attraction.
  It's almost like, yeah, if they didn't have anything up.
 But like.
  Yeah.
 Is it bad that it relies on our imagination?  Yeah.
 Is that enough?  Is that enough to defeat like the iconic itch and scratchy land? Right.
  But if this were just, you know, final four fake theme park ride, final four.
  Oh, then easy.
 Oh, easy.
 Yeah.
  Then no question.
  But just because the Simpsons have more jokes and more stuff.
  Does that mean it wins?  Potentially, you have a better sense of what the whole thing is.
  Again, Parents Island, I don't know if there's I don't know if alcohol is even allowed  at Dinosaur World, they have not addressed this in this movie.
  That's not about this.
 Right.
  But the ride itself is so good.
  Really, you would have to imagine that the park.
  Comes close to that level.
  Let me let me look, let me show you.
  Let's look at this picture, and this is taken off my TV.
  It's not all clarity quality, but just to get a sense of, OK, what is the rest of this?  The volcano is three volcanoes in a row.
  That might all be the structure of the Larry, the scary Rex ride.
  You've got big lakes.
  There's a big brontosaurus in one.
  The rest you can't necessarily tell, but it does.
  There is a knots quality, I think it looks a little like rustic.
  Knots had that great dinosaur ride, which is kind of  attributed in Wonder World and Beverly Hills Cup.
  And if it feels like that, imagine if it's like little or dark rides  that are like Kingdom of the Dinosaurs.
  And yeah, this is this is this is a nice looking park  from just this kind of blurry painting.
  Nice piece of concept art, for sure.
  It's really good.
  I think I have maybe one more visual from the movie,  just if we're if that's helping us with anything.
  Let me share the screen.
  So I mean, there's the outside of Larry, the scary ride, incredible facade.
  Although, but how about this, though?  Isn't in theory, isn't that what the T-Rex Cafe looks like?  It is not.
 Yes.
  Does not the T-Rex Cafe suck.
  It is not good.
  Well, I've never died.
  But I can't say from first hand.
  My friends, Tyler and Kia did, and they said it stank to high heaven.
  Scott, the those mountains are in the distance, so that can't be  the show area for Larry the Scary Rex.
  Still separate.
  So there might be full  journey to the center of the earth in those different volcanoes.
  And you've also got there's a dinosaur there.
  There's like seems like a skyway type attraction.
  There's a brontosaurus behind them.
  Let me let me say this.
  Let me throw this into your brains.
  If you didn't have any affection for the Simpsons or itchy and scratchy  as a property before going to itchy and scratchy land,  wouldn't that take out a lot of the novelty and fun?  If we're just judging this based truly on the design and the rides  and you take out your years of watching the Simpsons  as a little kid and loving it, you're in the Simpsons universe.
  Maybe you are an adult and you know of the cartoon.
  You almost have more to combat in that when we were kids,  the movie Clifford was around and I feel like maybe I said to my parents,  should we see Clifford?  And they said, no, that looks bad.
  And then I watched it on Comedy Central and I thought it was bad.
  So I'm almost more I'm overcoming this  this huge gulf of hate in order to get to where I have gotten to with Dinosaur  World, which is very and it's all new.
  This is new feelings that we all found together.
  It is now what theme parks are about making memories together.
  You're we're filling in a lot of blanks about dinosaur world.
  We all have talked recently about revisiting some childhood cartoons,  the Ninja Turtles cartoon, the X-Men cartoon.
  And so many of them you go like, I didn't remember them not moving this much.
  Like, I guess my brain filled in the blanks and I remember it fondly.
  I've been getting a new kind of YouTube recommendation, which is someone has taped  someone in the past tape full blocks of Fox Kids from start of airing  through commercials with full episodes.
  I'm very excited to revisit those because I think that'll be a real trip.
  But I think it's just scratchy land laid out, kind of laid out in front of you, Michael.
  It is.
 But so much of the enjoyment of itchy and scratchy land is because  we know it's a parody of Disney.
  We know that these are all jokes.
  So much of my love of it in scratchy land is because it's packed with jokes  that are references to things at Disneyland.
  It's all sort of based on there's layers to itchy and scratchy land  and to the enjoyment of it.
  Obviously we're talking about parents Island a lot, because we know that would  purely be a fun experience to go to a dumb TGI Fridays where you ring in the new year.
  But would I rather go to a fresh kind of old feeling dinosaur land park that looks  like Scott's the picture, Scott just pulled up.
  Or would I go to this park that is a joke park based around Disneyland?  Which one is better?  And I'm trying to take all of my nostalgia for the Simpsons and for my childhood's  viewing when I'm thinking about it, because I think if the ride quality is to be  believed at dinosaur land, that park might be better.
  That's that's where I'm leaning.
  I think that might be a better park, a more satisfying experience and a new, more  feeling original experience as opposed to going on stuff at itchy and scratchy land,  which is all I get how they're making fun of a thing that I've been on before.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  There's no precedent for dinosaur world.
  Right.
 There's dinosaur experiences, obviously, but it's not making fun of so many of  the things on this list are jokes based on stuff at Disney.
  The people, the good people who made Clifford, they were trying to make an original  dinosaur experience.
  They were trying to give people something completely new using, of course, the classic  theme park tropes and ideas.
  But giving us a wholly new themed experience and something that we actually feel like  we've been on at the end, which is why I'm voting for dinosaur world.
  Oh, my goodness.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 OK.
  We have one locked in.
  So the power is in our hands.
  Think one thing also.
  There's.
 You know, there's there's things like in Wonderworld where it's a little bit  like, oh, this is kind of a corny attraction.
  They do not make that choice with dinosaur world.
  Right.
 This is just a great level.
  You go up to there's like it's it's as if the log flume in Splash Mountain stopped  up at the perch gave you a full scene with a pterodactyl who comes back in a different  mode flying.
  Then you see one of the greatest animatronics you've ever seen fire a laser at it.
  Yeah, I'm almost like if there was nothing else here.
  Right.
 It's scratchy land is full of like irony and great funny jokes.
  But isn't it nice to not have to see irony once in a while?  That's all our personalities are.
  That's nice to have a break.
  Yeah, that's true.
  And I think a thing to acknowledge in the universe of the movie, Charles Gruden appears  to be good at what he does.
  Yes.
 Like he wants this project, this transportation infrastructure.
  That's his passion.
  He's trying to solve Los Angeles.
  He's like fixing stuff that we need.
  And he'd probably be good at it.
  And dinosaur world was like a stepping stone to that.
  So like, yeah, he might actually solve Los Angeles.
  Oh, in that way that we're always like, like, oh, you know, Walt was testing out these  forms of transportation to maybe take them to make like transportation in your city or  the airport or whatever more efficient.
  Let's take these Disney ideas, incubate them and then do them on a bigger scale.
  Isn't that what Uncle Martin is?  You talk about your Walt figures and you're like, and we love our rides, our Tonys and  our Joe roadies who have their personal stamp.
  Uncle Martin is absolutely one of those.
  Absolutely.
 He is Clifford is us just like passionate about these three.
  Clifford's.
 We're three Cliffords.
  I think I know how I'm voting.
  Mommy, I want to go to Dinosaur World.
  I want to go to Dinosaur World.
  Take me Uncle Martin.
  I like Michael drew me to the edge and then that mischievous maniac Clifford pushed me  over the cliff.
  Unbelievable.
  Wow.
 Dinosaur World from the disliked 1994 Martin short vehicle.
  Clifford takes the fake theme park final for a tumultuous one.
  Rules were broken.
  Major beloved franchises were tossed to the side in favor of very disliked ones.
  And that's what took it all the way.
  Boy, that was an incredible speech, Mike.
  And I think we all did anyone sort of think this could be it?  I was wondering a little bit.
  I was for sure going to come in with a lot of passion for Larry the scary Rex.
  And I wondered if it'd be reciprocated if it'd be a little like, oh, interesting.
  So you liked that.
  And then so the comfort and discovering that all three of us felt the same way.
  Well, we all have we all have ride taste, and it's impossible to watch that and not  go.
 Oh, my God.
  That would be amazing.
  It's impossible.
  It does every 60.
  It's like exactly as advanced of a coaster as I could do as a kid, probably still today.
  That's as far as I could go.
  It's a coaster and a dark ride.
  There's surprises.
  There's a little splashdown like the Matterhorn.
  It becomes addictive as you watch it in fast motion.
  And I'm sorry that it hurt Clifford and that he had to be pulled out of Larry's jaws.
  But it all worked out.
  He's a nice old monk now teaching Ben Savage to not be bad.
  Mm hmm.
  So there's that.
  It all worked out.
  Clifford got perspective from his experience, and I feel a lot of perspective right now.
  I definitely when I glance, I was like thinking itchy and scratchy land was going to win.
  But I definitely was like, oh, Dino, Larry the scary Rex is going to push this one very  far into the tournament, at least from my perspective.
  I didn't know how everyone else was going to feel.
  I thought I was going to actually lose too.
  I thought even though I gave one of the best speeches of my life just now, the most inspiring  speeches I've ever given, I thought there was a chance that you go, yeah, that's true.
  But we like itchy and scratchy land.
  Yeah, it wouldn't have been bad.
  But is there maybe also the bias in general?  Maybe I have it of like, do you, doesn't it just feel obvious to say like the Simpsons is good?  So we give, of course we love the Simpsons.
  It's like the fundamental of my brain.
  I love the Simpsons so much and I love that episode so much.
  But isn't it more, we're charting, we're like assigning new IP by suddenly liking this Clifford  thing so much.
  It's too obvious, I think, the Simpsons.
  That's part of it.
  But as I said at the start of this, I'm going to try to divorce myself from the material.
  And that's what I believe I successfully did here.
  I think this is absolutely the right choice.
  I think you're right, it's the more interesting choice for sure.
  But I do think it's the right, I do think it's the correct choice.
  And you could squibble and squabble with various things about this decision.
  But I think there's no question that in all these things, the best, fullest, most thought out,  most awesome ride, no question is Larry the Scary Rex.
  And isn't that what it's all about is rides.
  And somewhat like places, you know, bars and stuff.
  But I pushed some bars and stuff as far as I wanted to.
  But I mean, no one commits to the bit, I think as hard as Larry the Scary Dinosaur.
  Like no one commits to the theme park, you know, assignment quite like this movie.
  And it doesn't need to.
  That's the other thing.
  It doesn't have to.
  They could have just done like a rinky-dink sort of.
  It's one of the only ones on the list that didn't do a jokey, make fun of thing.
  Yeah.
  I played it like it sucked.
  It's one of the less insane things in Clifford.
  So which luckily, thankfully, you can watch just that piece on YouTube.
  But maybe I want to watch the whole movie now.
  Oh, I definitely love.
  And I want to watch it in full quality, too, in sparkling HBO Max quality.
  Now they have new movies.
  They have Wonder Woman 84 and they have Tom and Jerry.
  But now I think and they have some of the sopranos.
  They have wonderful pieces of art.
  But I think now the crown jewel of HBO Max is clearly Larry the Scary Rex scene in Clifford.
  And a bungled rollout.
  But HBO Max is it is starting to feel like old streaming Netflix where it's like,  man, they have everything.
  They have so much on here.
  Might be the best now.
  It's the Clifford of streaming services.
  And I hope there's a longer cut of Clifford somewhere involving more of this theme park  that could be released in a four hour version.
  This is where I want to try to contact a production designer.
  I want to know more.
  Maybe there's more like layers to this onion that we can unpeel.
  For a whole dinosaur world episode.
  Clearly, this is the one with the meat on the bone.
  Let's get out of here because this has been a mega one, but with good reason.
  You survived podcast, the ride, the fake theme park, Final Four.
  Do we maintain fakeness?  All three have been faked.
  Are they all fake?  Is that how this works or do we change the format entirely next time around?  That's a good question.
  Is this like a trilogy of fakeness?  Maybe we could do something different.
  Is it a cinematic universe of fakeness that never ends?  That has 40 episodes.
  If you're trying to nudge us to doing a thick seat Final Four because that's not  anything having to do with fakeness, possibly.
  I'm not sure that that's what I'm trying to do.
  I wouldn't say at all that's what maybe we, I think fans expect, I think,  that fake is part of it because fake gets alliterative with Final Four.
  In a way that thick just isn't.
  I understand what you're saying.
  We'll talk about it off air.
  Give us your thoughts.
  Tell us what you want us to do and come revel in Larry the Scary Rex with us  on our social media and for three bonus episodes every month,  subscribe to podcast, the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  Guys, it's been transcendent.
  I feel as exhausted as Uncle Martin after a week with Clifford, but more positive,  I think, than him.
  But I just want us to all remember and I guess the live may, you know,  we're three Cliffords for sure.
  We've determined that and there's been a lot of talk.
  People sometimes say, oh, what are the listeners or the fans of the podcast called?  And we really haven't had a name.
  We haven't like dubbed a name, an official one, but let me throw it out there that we  just call them Cliffords.
  This seems like a path to Stan.
  This seems like this becomes like a bad term, like a bunch of Cliffords storm the Capitol.
  It's possible.
  I don't know if it starts here.
  It'll start in an innocent place, I think.
  You know, but maybe, yes, maybe you're right.
  Maybe it grows into something monstrous.
  I don't know.
  I'm just throwing it out as a possibility.
  Let me ask the listeners.
  Do you want to be referred to as Cliffords?  Are you are Cliffords after this experience?  Perhaps that's for you to decide.
  Let us know.
  Thanks for listening.
  That was something so long.
  Bye.
  Forever Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe  Cilio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our  shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
