 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following celebratory podcast was recorded in the open air with its hosts  and the actual vicinity of each other.
  Will they remember how to podcast in person?  Can they maintain eye contact?  Or will they desperately miss the low res zoom screen and its slight delays?  We'll find out on today's 200th, wow, main feed episode.
  It's the 200th episode, Safe-Tacular on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast about theme parks where we're giving each other the  ultimate anniversary gift, not being on fucking zoom.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined on the main feed for the 200th time by Mike Carlson.
  I am here.
  It's also, this is an innovative thing because we're in the elements, we're outside.
  Which is another like groundbreaking thing and another treat.
  There's a lot of history, yes, beyond what we're doing, the outdoor nature of it, but  before we get into that, Jason Sheridan, happy 200.
  It does feel a little perverse to like podcast in God's nature where we can bother your neighbors  with like bits.
  We can hunch outside instead of hunch indoors.
  I know we're not meant to be getting fresh air.
  Like maybe one, maybe two go to the parks and then, you know, to get content, we force  ourselves into fresh air, but we don't record the content in the fresh air.
  Not at all.
  That being said, the bigger possibility is less us and more that the neighbor might start  blasting loud Italian opera.
  This has happened every once in a while.
  I'm making a guess on Italian, I don't know.
  That could be an issue.
  Yeah, here, before you might know this from the art or from the title or from something  or other, but to celebrate the 200th new main feed episode, we are doing an in-person record  right now for the first time in 13 months.
  Oh my God.
  13 months, yes, we're here.
  We can look into each other's actual eyes and not our video eyes.
  Yeah, socially distance with masks on.
  Yeah, still masks.
  So if there's muffle, that is why trying to project over it, we're probably going too  far.
  We're going to give someone the direction and you're at a nightclub, so there's a lot  of activity around you, so just make sure you get it here.
  We sound like we're doing nightclub scenes in movies right now.
  Yeah, if there's any plane noises, sorry, that's how flight paths work.
  Yeah, if true.
  One right now, I think.
  Yeah, yes, there's one overhead right now.
  And if you hear any sort of old motors, there's a decent chance Jay Leno has driven by.
  If you hear a sputtering motor or something from a Model T or some sort of old Studebaker,  decent chance it's Mr.
 Leno.
  You know, I saw the president drive by once in Burbank.
  I was getting gas and the whole motorcade, the limo, the Cadillac, the bulletproof Cadillac.
  Which one?  Which president?  Obama.
  I guess I should, Obama, Obama.
  And that was, yeah.
  Three presidents ago and you said the president?  I guess I should have said a president.
  I saw Jimmy Carter drive by in Burbank.
  He was headed to the Bob's Big Boy.
  Yeah, hey, anything can happen.
  It's Burbank and we're out in the elements of Burbank.
  Yeah, this is cool.
  I don't think, now I don't think we're making the Perma switch back and we might listen  back to this and go, well, we certainly won't do it that way again.
  But seem like a good little treat to give ourselves because it's been a while.
  I've got some stats and maybe you want to take a guess.
  Some miserable stats, but I feel less miserable about them because I'm seeing you guys.
  Uh-huh.
  Uh, main feed only.
  How many episodes over Zoom?  Oh my goodness.
  Well, if you said 13 months, what, 13 times four, which I can't, 13 times four, 40 plus  12, 52.
  So yeah, a couple breaks, 49.
  A little less, I would say.
  I didn't give Jason a chance to guess.
  Oh, 40 even?  45, right in the middle.
  45 of these out of 200.
  So almost a quarter of the main feed this entire time.
  We've been doing the podcast for almost four years and over a year of it has been this  way.
  Patreon, the Patreon is so newish comparatively that wait, I think, okay, uh, 35 of the second  gates have been over Zoom and there's only been, I'm sorry, oh no, 38 if you count little  odds and ends like the Macas amigos rebuttal or little holiday episodes we've done.
  There's only 94 of those in general.
  So 40% of the Patreon's life entirely has been in the stupid way we've had to do it.
  Wow.
  Gee whiz.
  Can you believe it?  Uh, I mean I can because I feel like I've aged a decade in this last year.
  Big time.
  I've never felt old until now.
  I've never had concerns about and depression about being old.
  for like 2005.
  Like suddenly these eras that seemed like yesterday, I'm like, I can barely recall.
  It was another world then.
  Yeah.
  I think for the zoom recordings, like I turn, there's a part of my brain that turned like  performing brain that turns on, but usually when that happens in person at like Mike's  place or at a theater or something, I have to be human afterwards, you know, have some,  you know, we just chit chat.
  Maybe we get lunch.
  Sure.
  If that is, I gotta, you know, say hi to people afterwards.
  Um, uh, uh, regardless in person or digital, I just go, well, I feel like shit.
  I did a bad job.
  But when you do it over zoom, it's not, it's kind of bad because then you can just walk  to a couch or a bed and lie face down and you just give it into that sense of defeat.
  Typical.
  I don't, these are things, despite many episodes together, I don't know that you go face plant  after an episode like a comic.
  I know sometimes I walk the dog or sometimes I just said comic, but yeah, Carfield's the  dog.
  Yes.
  Jane's dog.
  Jane's dog.
  So sometimes, you know, I try to keep it human.
  I try to, I try to like decompress a little after recording.
  I mean, we did shows at UCB for years where, where I would just walk off stage like pretty  much always and just be in my head of like, Oh, well, that could have gone better.
  And I just heart of myself, you know?  Well, you don't have to worry about the bad improv shows anymore.
  Well, say your name, my geeky name might be back.
  That's true.
  And maybe it'd be fun at this point.
  Yeah.
  I'm having this opposite thing and I'm curious if you guys have had it or if any listeners  are having this, because I think this might be like a syndrome in the world that is building  a little bit of backyard hangs that I've had.
  And this one right now might be one of them.
  I think it's the opposite of you, Jason.
  I'm not feeling weird and bad after Zoom stuff.
  I'm feeling weird and bad after things in person because I don't know how to do it anymore.
  I've found myself needing to apologize for things that were our made up checking with  Erin was I okay?  And she's like, what do you mean?  You're like over analyzing because all of our, I think a lot of people like us, our  social skills were tenuous to begin with.
  And now we might have to build them all back up.
  I don't know how to be at a party anymore.
  I don't know how to like introduce people to people they don't know and hop from one  cluster to another.
  It's all gone.
  Yeah.
  I have not been doing many.
  I mean, I would see, I would see people briefly outside for the last year.
  But Jason and I were actually seeing someone for their birthday, a friend of the show,  Marissa Strickland.
  And I remember the first five minutes, we're all standing very far away from each other  and we're all talking and there's cars driving by and it's impossible to hear each other  and you're straining and you're like, oh yeah, these are like my friends that I'm comfortable  with.
  But then I'm trying and I remember like it took me 15 minutes and then I made a joke  and it killed finally.
  And I went, all right, I'm back.
  I remember like it wouldn't, it wasn't working.
  And I felt like I had been making bad jokes and then finally one worked okay.
  And then I like settled down a bit, but there was definitely a lot of like clunkiness in  my head.
  I was bragging about making a joke, which is annoying.
  But I'm just trying to.
.
.
  Now your punishment's coming later.
  It was just delayed.
  That's a good point.
  This guy's referring to the fact that I got emotional after we was done because I hadn't  seen people in so long.
  But yes, no, it's very strange and it's going to be an adjustment.
  Yeah.
  It's gonna be weird.
  It was nice to see, you know, a bunch of our old friends or old performer friends and the  podcast that came out of that group, Podcast the Ride, half of Off Book the Musical, a  quarter of Wild Horses.
  What a time.
  That's true.
  Yes.
  The 100% of the Ben Shapiro show.
  You know, he doesn't talk to us anymore and he wasn't a very giving improviser to begin  with.
  So I went more information.
  He's not a natural talent like Gut Field or something.
  We're in the crater of Gut Field.
  Gut Feld is his name.
  Oh, excuse me.
  You're thinking of Garfield, Jason, and you put Gut Field.
  I am and he's such a good boy.
  Gut Feld is not Garfield the dog who's not Garfield the cat.
  Yeah.
  We're going to do a thing later on.
  I was like, should I make a Gut Feld joke in here?  But now I've decided not to do it.
  Because we've already mentioned Gut Feld.
  No way.
  If that's at the end of the show, then people will be hungry for more Gut Feld.
  We'll see.
  At the time we do it.
  If you don't know what we're talking about, Fox News has introduced their answer to late  night comedy and it's dog shit.
  It sucks.
  And it took me back to one of my very first jobs in LA where I remember someone had a  framed picture of the whole cast and crew of one of the previous jobs they worked on,  the half hour news hour.
  Oh, yes.
  And I was just like, why would you frame that?  You're only in this office for three months to begin with.
  Why do you have that?  It taints your view of somebody if they have a framed photo.
  The only thing I know about that show is that the cold open was Rush Limbaugh.
  R.
I.
P.
  Oh my god.
  Yeah.
  I was really blank in my head and then I went, oh, I remember now.
  I do remember all of this.
  That cold open.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, Gut Feld's not so good.
  My favorite joke was he's being mean to all the late night hosts and he says, Jimmy Fallon  does more fawning than a pack of deer.
  Which is like that's like when Norm MacDonald did the fake roast jokes to make to shit on  the idea of roasts in general.
  That's like, has there ever been a joke softer than fawning, more fawning than a pack of deer?  I'm begging for Reader's Digest.
  Please, give me.
  Geez, I need to read something.
  You have to go way back into the 1900s to find a softer joke than that.
  I mean, look, would I like to talk about the Gut Feld monologue all episode?  Yes, I would.
  But what a waste that would be of this moment.
  We're together.
  There's theme park news afoot.
  Oh my gosh.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, plenty.
  Because things are turning the machines back on.
  What are you referring to though, Jason?  Well, I mean, I have a few things.
  The biggest like thing announced that I saw in the last day or so.
  We're recording this a couple days before it came out.
  The Velocicoaster at Universal Orlando's Islands of Adventure opening June 10th.
  Oh, interesting.
  Oh, okay.
  Then know that.
  Wow, wow.
  Yeah.
  All right, all right.
  That's good.
  I think I've determined might be too intense for me.
  Really?  I've watched some, I've looked at some footage.
  I mean, it looks like the greatest roller coaster ever, but I don't know.
  If the digital ride through that I watched is accurate, I think it might push my boundaries  a little too far.
  Would you do Hulk at this point?  Not sure.
  I didn't last time.
  I don't know.
  Again, what if my ride stamina is gone?  Oh, do you think it got worse?  I have not been staying in shape in the last 13 months.
  That's interesting.
  I was thinking you would be more raring to do like new things, but I guess, yeah, if  we're talking about sort of shrinking in other facets of our lives, maybe it will.
  Wait, wait, are you saying there's a chance that I might not like haunts anymore?  Oh, no.
  Have you?  No, there's no, come on.
  Like people in the dark lunging at you, strangers in like really narrow corridors.
  Of course you're going to love it.
  Doesn't that seem more pleasant than an unseen plague lurking around every corner or potentially  inside the bodies of your friends and loved ones?  Distrusting everyone you know and like or dislike or everyone.
  You're meeting by a stranger on the street who looks very kind and you're just a second  away from going, don't you dare look at me.
  Back off, back off, back off.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah, you're right.
  You've lived in a haunt this whole time.
  It's a good thing you got in shape.
  Yes, that's a good point.
  So maybe I'm, maybe I'll be better.
  I'll be, I'm so dead inside now at this point that I'll be even more ready for haunts.
  But I don't know with Velocicoaster.
  I feel like Velocicoaster will be on par with Hulk because I was thinking of the same issue  too.
  Like if, first of all, if you're listening to this for your first podcast, the right  episode, turn it off and listen to another one because this is going to be a lot of inside  baseball I think.
  And we're in weird muffled mask talk as well.
  And it's weird muffled mask talk.
  The show doesn't sound like this a lot.
  But I was thinking about this and I was like, when I go back to Six Flags, should I be braver  and try to do like X2 which scares the shit out of me?  Yeah.
  And I was like, I still feel I don't want to, but maybe, maybe I have to.
  I don't know.
  Really, to throw myself in the deep end?  I don't know.
  You have to ask yourself, will it be worth, is it a personal thing?  Do you think that the audience will be excited enough for you to be worth it?  Do you want the likes and the clicks that much or is it a personal growth thing?  Oh, I think it's both.
  I'm a needy, desperate performer who wants to please a bunch of listeners, a bunch of  Cliffords by doing something new and they know I'm out of my comfort zone and that's  always amusing I think.
  I as a viewer or a listener like that.
  So I think I feel some sort of pressure to deliver on a new experience and also yeah,  it would be, I feel like a little bit accomplished when I do something new.
  That's true.
  That's part of it I think.
  Hey, if I can tangent for just a sec since you mentioned Clifford, check out Google theme,  no, what is it called?  Human Boy Worldwide is a, it's this clothing startup that is doing a short run of Clifford  t-shirts and then after that they're doing a line of shirts based on posters for Robert  Altman movies, but just the logo.
  So like you can get a Clifford shirt and then in a few weeks you can get a shirt that says  like the long goodbye or McCabe and Mrs.
 Miller and I know I'm stocking up.
  Honoring all the best films.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I think they're selling a Jiminy Glick shirt too, which is very funny.
  Did they get like the Martin Short rights just of his whole catalog?  Don't worry about it.
  I bought, you know what I did a couple weeks ago and it hasn't shipped so I'm worried.
  Some weird site was like offering like a bootleg looking Jim Carrey, Red Letter Batman Forever  shirt and I just pulled the trigger immediately on it.
  But now that I think about it, I was like was it legit?  Did I get scammed like I did when I gave my credit card info for the Mr.
 Tato biography?  I don't know because it hasn't shipped.
  I don't have it yet, but maybe it's a similar situation where they don't have the official  Clifford rights.
  Has anyone noticed, I feel like Clifford is in the zeitgeist now somehow.
  Did we cause it somehow?  I don't know.
  I don't know if we were just part of the zeitgeist with Clifford or we caused it.
  I don't know.
  Where else do you mean by zeitgeist?  How is Martin Short's Clifford in the zeitgeist?  I just see it more on Twitter.
  I know part of it is probably an algorithm thing where I had searched for it.
  I think it's easily viewable on HBO Max at this point.
  Yes, it's viewable there.
  I did watch it.
  Not great.
  Oh, we had a great time.
  We watched it too.
  We had a great time.
  I was ready.
  I was ready to go.
  You know what it is, I think?  I think if you view, because I've watched clips, right?  Obviously, the wonderful roller coaster scene that won the fake theme park final four, that's  great.
  But besides that, there'll be a scene with Debney Coleman or a scene with Charles Gruden  that's great.
  And you watch the scenes and you think this is a good movie.
  And then it all together, right?  Like I'm sure it was awesome on set.
  They probably thought they were making the greatest thing.
  And that's not nothing.
  There's movies where everybody's cracking each other up, where the scenes aren't good  either.
  So I do give it up to Clifford for that.
  But maybe that's the problem.
  Individual moments are good.
  But Jason, you've maybe disagree and say it's all.
  I mean, I had seen it a couple of times already.
  And I just I like the performances a lot from Gruden and Short and Steenburgen and Debney  Coleman.
  And so like, yeah, as a film, capital F film, like, I don't know that it holds up together.
  But there's some very funny comedy moments.
  The scene where Martin Short is like, he's like, you can't even look normal like a normal  little boy and he's looking around.
  That is very funny.
  I can't beat it.
  Yeah.
  The incredible amount to which Clifford rigs explosives to blow up the model of the public  transit system.
  Yes.
  It is a really vicious explosion.
  Yes.
  It's very impressive.
  Really nice analog, tactile, so much debris.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I think we're going to start like we know how things go with us.
  You start you think you don't like something and then we talk about it and we talk about  it.
  That's true.
  And then I yes, then I'm the biggest Clifford fan in the world, especially you.
  There was a comment.
  I don't know if it was in a mailbag or a tweet or something, but I don't know if you ever  if this ever made it your way.
  I just saw some a listener to the show saying that there's an evolution with Mike, which  is hearing about something, maybe kind of disliking it, then coming around and starting  to think that it's good or cute.
  Right, right.
  And then the next step, which is making it so much of a tenant of your personality, you  must defend it at all costs.
  I don't know who said it or where.
  Take credit somewhere if you said it.
  But that is that's happened a number of times in these 200 episodes.
  Yeah, I do think that is true.
  I mean, obviously the Jimmy Buffett is the best example of it.
  I guess to some degree, Avatar and the mighty Akron.
  I think there's levels of it.
  I think there's levels like the Buffett is again, that's the Max version of it.
  Duffy is I think one of the you're making fun of Duffy and then it became steadily less  and less.
  I think maybe to a lesser extent, baby Aladar.
  It's not so much it's in the family.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, it's a mini version of it.
  Right, right.
  But it's like more is like Jimmy Buffett.
  I'll listen to in the car.
  And I'm not actually thinking about Aladar so much during the day.
  Baby Aladar.
  Maybe you could come become that.
  But yeah, it hasn't happened.
  But no, that's not that's not entirely wrong.
  It becomes sort of a fun toy at a certain point and then becomes truly not ironic at  all.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just watch the things just stand up on the other side of the fence.
  Maybe baby Aladar would be helped along if the baby Aladar I got you ever came.
  But that's a strand.
  That's another like delivery that hasn't shown up many, many months ago.
  So many months ago, it was cursed.
  You bought me a cursed baby Aladar.
  There was that discussion, I think.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wait, did we add that on the show or listeners did too?  I think I think there were comments that were like, I had one of these and it like wouldn't  stop making noise.
  Yes.
  Right.
  Right.
  Had one and any time they tried to donate it somewhere, it always ended up back in the  house and it would not stop making noise as the battery slowly gave out.
  Jesus.
  Oh my God.
  It's the one toy that's actually alive.
  It's not Woody and Buzz.
  It's just baby Aladar.
  And he doesn't even like pretend to not be alive when you're looking at him.
  He's just always alive.
  Hi.
  The crusty doll.
  Change me.
  I peed again.
  What else is going on news wise, though?  Well, Universal Hollywood put up a link for announced reservations for annual pass holders.
  They're keeping their annual pass program growing to make reservations to see the park  reopen once again.
  The websites crashed or didn't load at all again and again for people.
  And simultaneously, almost within a day or two, Disney has announced here's how you buy  tickets to Disneyland.
  Yeah, not my favorite.
  I'm not digging the amount of complication here.
  I don't understand this thing where April 15th tickets are on sale.
  But no, wait, April 15th.
  No, that's right.
  April 15th, you can buy tickets.
  April 12th, you can make reservations.
  So everybody has the jump on you if they have tickets already.
  But our annual passes are worth nothing.
  Yes, I was just catching up on this right before I left.
  If you already bought tickets and you had gone and they were still good, that's you  have a better opportunity to book a reservation for Disney.
  There's no one talk.
  I had said this and I was incorrect because somebody had said they would have a new annual  pass program by the time at Disney open, but that's not obviously the case.
  So I got very confused by looking at all these paragraphs.
  And yes, it seems like all of this is a mess, like as usual and confusing.
  But it's par for the course.
  It's kind of interesting how Disney-esque syndromes have entered all of our lives with  the effort to get shots and vaccines.
  I think it's been reminding a lot of people of trying to get into Galaxy's Edge, trying  to get onto Rise of the Resistance.
  That's true.
  In hindsight, getting into Galaxy's Edge in general and even getting onto Rise of the  Resistance that first day, that makes almost every other system we've had to deal with  in the last year and a half look like shit.
  In hindsight, Galaxy's Edge worked very smoothly and the reservation system worked very smoothly  to even get on Rise of the Resistance.
  It was hard to get there early and do all that stuff, but once it was done, we went  on.
  It was great.
  That was great.
  It sounds like this thing is going to be a disaster for a lot of reasons and Universal  is also a disaster.
  So people are frustrated.
  We're not looking to go back first day.
  I'm usually a first day guy, but in this instance, I'm going to let numbers go down more.
  I will wait till I'm vaccinated.
  How soon does everybody go though?  Once you get second shot, then you wait, what is it?  Is it 10 days?  Is it 14 days?  It's 10 days, 14 or something.
  How soon do you go?  It's a very good question.
  It depends on the spread.
  It depends on how we're doing numbers-wise in the area.
  So if we continue to go down like we are and I'm two weeks out, maybe.
  It's a very flexible, I'm very flexible right now.
  I'm optimistic like a lot of people are.
  There are a lot of reasons to be optimistic.
  So the whole thing is flexible.
  I think I've said this, there's a good chance I will be at Disney or Universal before maybe  I'm inside with a bunch of people that aren't living with me.
  I think it is a rare time maybe ever that this will happen where Disneyland is competing  with my desire to go to the dentist and more importantly the eye doctor because this prescription  is aging rapidly and my eyes are starting to.
.
.
  Oh no.
  Are your eyes going the last year?  Are your eyes deteriorating?  Well, on and off just from the amount of screen time.
  Just from lack of being outside and lack of screen time.
  I've figured out tricks.
  It's better now.
  I did go like a year ago, almost a year ago, I did go because my one eye was bothering  me, but that sometimes happens during allergy season.
  The left eye kind of flares up because I didn't know this until I was like 32, 33 that you  can get allergies in your eyes.
  I will probably get some new glasses soon.
  That's kind of high on my list.
  If you haven't noticed, I am like, God knows, 40%, 35% gray.
  It's like really crazy at this point.
  I have because I've seen you in person twice this whole time.
  This is number three.
  My hair is crazy right now, but that's going.
  It's kind of like you're showing us stuff beneath the surface.
  It seems like it's landing at the roots.
  You're able to hide it still.
  Yes, like I can hide it with the top.
  The top hair is still brownish, but everything else is just going white.
  Just so crazy fast.
  I we made there was an audition I had a couple of weeks ago for a commercial that we shot  and I shot it outside on the little porch we have and the light on my hair.
  I looked like Steve Martin.
  That's looks wise, but hair wise.
  I went, Oh my God.
  Then I was emailing my agent, tell them I'll dye it.
  Tell them I'll dye it.
  Tell them I'll do whatever they want to my hair.
  Oh man.
  Do you have to change your type now?  Well, yeah.
  I changed it from a man in his 30s to aging grandparent.
  Aging grandparent.
  Yeah, very old.
  You're still, your type is now 89.
  Yeah, I'm 88 to 89.
  Or so.
  And I have to like kind of in the headshot, I have like a hunch.
  I added a hunch to my stance to really make it, really make it attractive to the casting  people.
  So if it's a yeah, if it's like commercials for flip phones and medical bracelets.
  Oh yeah.
  I got a call.
  I'm definitely going to be in commercials that are airing during Gutfeld.
  That's absolutely what will be happening.
  They're all non-union, but I'll, I'll go against sag.
  I'll go against my union to, to work and make a thousand dollars forever.
  Look Mike's in it.
  Is it a comedy sketch?  I don't know.
  No, he all about Eve Chuck Woolery.
  Snake Chuck Woolery.
  For a catheter spot.
  This is for a shower safety seat.
  Huh.
  Well, at least he's working.
  Ow, I fell and hurt my butt.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, he's, he's getting a payday, I guess.
  So yeah, look out for that please.
  By the way, the next time we record in person, this thing's, I'm going to look so jet black.
  I'm going to look like a 70 year old rock and roll guy in like your favorite classic  rock band on stage where you go there.
  That hair cannot be real.
  Oh yeah.
  And special guest, Wayne Newton.
  Yeah.
  I guess the ride.
  I will have the fakest looking hair next time you see me.
  It will look so bad.
  Sopranos level.
  Yeah.
  It might just be a piece.
  It might just be a wig.
  It might look better.
  Go full Spectre.
  Just, oh yeah.
  You know, might as well make it wild too.
  Just change the image.
  Or I'll do a little Stephen.
  I'll just do a do rag permanently.
  Maybe I'll just sort of like a bandana around my head for the rest of my life.
  You just like a fix this, these other little pins you can put in my skull so I always have  this bandana.
  Yeah.
  It's a doctor will administer the bandana to make sure it's safe and then I'll never  take it off.
  It's going to be tough for the airport.
  That's the main thing.
  You got to worry about 70 bandana pins.
  Maybe I'll have like a doctor's note.
  Let them know that this is a medical bandana.
  It's medical Stevie-ism.
  I see.
  Yeah.
  And then I can then I can meet Stephen.
  I'll have something to talk to him about.
  We got to go.
  If everybody's feeling old, we got to go back to where the youths are.
  That's Magic Mountain.
  Magic Mountain is open now.
  We could do it.
  Go to Magic Mountain currently.
  They got right to it.
  I think April Fool's Day, but not a joke.
  They have been open for a little bit.
  Do we have any idea how it's going?  I did.
  I was watching a YouTube, a YouTuber go there and it seemed fine.
  It seemed like they didn't.
  It was hard to tell, you know, if the upkeep has been okay there.
  It's not like you don't know if that's like normal this normal year that was just there  before.
  Yes, but it seems like the park looks okay.
  It seemed like everything was running.
  Quite a bit outdoors already.
  Yeah, it helps them.
  Yeah.
  I mean, obviously, like Justice League is inside and there's a couple other things.
  The full throttle lounge.
  I don't know that the YouTuber did not go in there.
  So are there are there safety measures at the full throttle lounge?  This is what our listeners need to know.
  It's what we need to know.
  Are there advanced cleaning techniques being employed at Chop 6?  It's a good question.
  I don't the YouTuber did not go into this detail.
  I will say the top floor at full throttle does not allow a lot of social distance because  we were packed in there up there.
  So maybe maybe only the first floor should be open at full throttle lounge.
  But the people there seem to have a good time.
  And yeah, they should really at least for a little while.
  Keep it 25 percent throttle.
  Yeah.
  Wait for more word for the governor to go full throttle.
  When Joe Biden announces that they can go full throttle, then it's time or Dr.
 Fauci  or yeah, just make sure you listen to health officials when judging how hard you should  throttle it.
  Make sure that's just something I think we should all really about.
  Determining a throttle percentage.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, we're depending on what tier we are in California.
  What tier are we?  Are we purple tier?  No, we've dropped down to orange.
  Oh, OK.
  That's good.
  Right.
  And in some cases, right?  I think it dropped.
  It dropped to where parks could open and then it dropped again to parks could open from  like 15 percent to 25 percent.
  Right.
  I believe.
  Don't quote me on that.
  I think that's somewhere in the ballpark.
  They were going to like if things were stayed the way that they were the incredibly restrictive  Like, Chapek would have like gone to the governor's mansion and like held Newsom out by his legs  like out of a window, Suge Knight style.
  It was going to get really ugly if they didn't change things.
  Yeah, Chapek would have put like a bomb in the haunted mansion and said, I'm going to  blow this up and you all you Disney fans, you go in demand.
  Like you would have done something like that, I think.
  Or Joker esque.
  If you have a problem with this, here's where Newsom lives.
  Exactly.
  And then that would have been then you would see like a million mobilized people and that  would have happened.
  I mean, he's still under the way.
  Folks, if you don't know anything about California election law, if you get enough signatures  in California, you can hold an election for governor.
  You can recall the governor.
  I believe that's how Arnold Schwarzenegger became governor.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So there's precedent.
  There's insane precedent.
  I don't I'm not the Gavin Newsom seems like a little bit of a dunce.
  He seems like he sucks a little.
  I don't know that much about.
  Hey, I don't follow him that closely.
  But God knows what sort of Orange County psychos would come out of the woodwork if he was called  what sort of like Tito Ortiz for governor.
  He's already on like a city council or something.
  Yeah, that's that's the issue.
  Yeah, even if you're like, yeah, whatever, change him.
  You can't be because it would be so horrific.
  Whoever swept in there.
  Yeah, yeah, there's no telling.
  Doesn't seem like it'll happen.
  But the only you know, the only plus side is, yeah, they may be like a crazy person, but  they would certainly let Disney do whatever they want as far as building new rides.
  Yeah, really push.
  They would let them.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah, I guess that aligns with.
  Yeah, this is the only area where our viewpoints might align with right wing is our desire  for there to be any and everything that Disney ever wants.
  Yes, this guy, this governor mayor is a horrible right wing fascist.
  But but he loves the secret of silver springs or whatever the hell that he said.
  He'll open an X-Men's mansion.
  And I want to see the beds.
  I want to see Colossus's bed in the X-Mansion.
  So please, Mr.
  Fascist, please win this election.
  They're going to do a rescuers ride.
  We get to shrink down to the size of the little mice.
  Oh, Bernard and Bianca.
  Thank you.
  Sorry.
  Sorry, everyone else.
  Now, just now, I don't like that you poisoned the other candidate, but so just don't do  it again.
  One other piece of news that I saw real quick as I was going out the door today and and  you know, Carly Weisel has the the more detailed breakdowns on a lot of this stuff as usual.
  But I saw Scott Gustin on Twitter posted new beginning April 8th, Walt Disney World will  allow guests to remove their mask when, quote, taking an outdoor photo.
  So I think that might be a little premature just because you've trained people to a certain  level of behavior and then to to I don't know, to scale it back this quickly.
  I also saw like variant numbers.
  There's a variant surge in Florida.
  Again, I have not read a ton about this.
  Which one?  I who knows.
  But it's a Florida.
  It's a local.
  It's the Orlando variant.
  It was created at Islands of Adventure.
  I mean, I think they've they've loosened vaccine.
  Like I think a lot of people are eligible for the vaccine down there.
  But I yeah, I don't know that taking the mask off for a photo.
  I don't know how I feel about that.
  Well, look, it's all confusing and weird.
  It's like the thing is, even with like eating outside, it's like once you're eating, then  you don't have the mask on and it feels like you can get you maybe milk like an extra minute  out of that.
  It's like you're not actually like eat mask, eat mask like the rest.
  And it feels like, yeah, maybe you're taking a photo outside.
  Obviously, if it's outside, it's a different story.
  I I have I'm I'm so exhausted by all of it.
  At this point, I just go, whatever.
  Like whatever.
  Yeah, I know what you mean.
  I don't have it in me to get riled up about this.
  Like it's not where I live.
  Just other.
  Am I going to get the thing?  Great.
  Can I go to the park?  Can I get my plastic wine and go on three rides?  See, this is going to all going to work out really well for the speed that I do.
  Well, that's true.
  Yeah.
  And if you want more detail, I mean, the Disney Parks blog has a full list of dining and attractions  that will be open when Disneyland opens and DCA open.
  So what's what's the thing that you have to like sign after like a countries go to war  and then they absolve each other of anything that happened?  A treaty like a treaty or something.
  I have to blanket sign a treaty with like any of my scolding instincts of seeing somebody  on Instagram and I go, well, that's bad to do that.
  I just have to wash it away and say, all right, you've all been pardoned.
  I'm pardoning everyone in my brain.
  I can't have this here.
  I don't need to hold this.
  It's been a long time.
  It's been a long time of being edgy about every photograph we see every outing we had.
  We have to let go of it for our own mental health.
  And yes, I agree.
  Probably not a great idea to take photos without a mask at this point.
  But you do it quick, maybe.
  And it's outside.
  If it's just this little snap off, I think it depends on your your style.
  Yes, it depends.
  Your technique.
  And I was alluding to the fact that like certainly you're going to get your person that's going  to be like, well, I was just taking a photo for 10 minutes.
  That's going to happen.
  I know it's going to happen.
  They've people have been fighting.
  I think ultimately most people aren't.
  You know what? I think it's crazy that there aren't more awful Florida stories.
  There have been these.
  Obviously, there was just one that got around a lot of a guy saying, hey, I paid $15,000  here.
 You can't file a trespassing charge against me.
  That one was kind of wild.
  So there's the spikes and you know that the media is going to pick up on them because  they are all crazy and that they're funny.
  But like, I like that there's not one of these every three days.
  Well, yeah, I have as far as catching it storylines.
  Is that a child or a dog?  Yeah, it's kids.
  That's going to be an occupational.
  Paperton.
  It's like we're at the park.
  Yeah, yeah, I'm good with it.
  So yeah, no, I haven't heard it.
  I would be interested to talk to a cast member and see if there's like low key versions,  because that would be the one you're describing is like that's such a I mean, it's not funny  or fun, but it is a crazy blow up of like a scene.
  Somebody's making a huge scene about it.
  I wonder if there are low key ones.
  I don't know.
  I'd be interested to talk to somebody who's been on the ground.
  I saw a screen grab of a Facebook post where someone's like, hey, cast members, you got  to be nicer and smile.
  We all need this right now.
  And it's like, Jesus, what is your life?  What is your life?  You're posting that like, hey, come on, give that extra effort.
  And it's like, what do you come on, lady?  What are you seeing where it's not like that?  Because I haven't been to fully operational Disney World.
  I haven't been fully fully operational anywhere.
  But I've been to Knott's Berry Farm for these food tasting things that everyone is so nice  and happy.
  These employees are great.
  I think you have to be looking for things to be upset about to have that point of view.
  Yes, I agree.
  I don't know how you couldn't go to these places and not just be like, you are the nicest  person.
  Thank you for working.
  You have put yourself at risk more than other people.
  God bless you.
  Or whatever, you know, denominational thing you want to say.
  The people, as we've said before, one of my biggest complaints in general is I wish the  company had taken better care of these people in general because they're like the people  that make, it's nice to see these people.
  99% of all the people that work at these places are really nice and make your time nice.
  So yes, that is annoying of like, you should be smiling for me more.
  I should be seeing you happy.
  And you're like, shut the fuck up.
  That's the thing to judge, I think, in the future.
  If you are being unpleasant to, I mean, certainly theme park employees, but like wait staff  or any of these kinds of, just go.
  Do not, this has to be dead.
  We can't do this anymore after the year that we've had.
  It shouldn't have been happening anyway.
  Yes.
  Got a siren now.
  These things are going to happen.
  But it's part of the fun.
  You got to react and respond.
  Could that be Jay Leno just driving around an old time police car?  Hey.
  Surely deputized in Sun jurisdiction.
  Yeah, in Burbank, he has to be in Burbank.
  He could probably make an arrest in Burbank.
  Yeah, I could shoot some in the middle of the street, shoot some in the middle of Olive  Avenue and they wouldn't arrest me.
  That would happen to me.
  They wouldn't take my show away.
  Jay Leno's garage on CNBC.
  Oh man, I was watching a lot of Jay's garage the last couple of days.
  Was a weird owl just gone?  Oh, I watched a weird owl clip.
  They always do a funny bit at the end.
  I was watching one with Bill Goldberg, the pro wrestler.
  And then that ends with Jay doing a bit where he's hitting on Goldberg's wife.
  And like Goldberg looks mixed mad and then they kick Jay out of the car and that's the  end of the bit.
  And Jay is so, I love like 70 year old exhausted Jay.
  There's something so funny about like just tired, not paying attention really when somebody  else is talking, which I think has been a criticism of him forever.
  He's also, he's aging in such an interesting, bizarre way.
  Tell me about it.
  He's so top heavy and I don't mean like in a flabby way.
  He's like an action figure.
  He looks like a street shark or something.
  But like little on the bottom, so much up there and the head's big as always.
  I like the mane.
  I like that.
  Like he gets to have a little more fun with his hair.
  You know, he used to have to be so put together on the Tonight Show, you know?  I do.
  I don't know if he has it in him or if he'd want to or what would happen if he could,  I like boy, a beard would be something.
  I'd just be so curious what that head does to a beard.
  I'm totally into that.
  Have you seen Jay Leno's garage where he's with Biden from a couple of years ago?  I did watch it post-election.
  Yeah, actually, he's the president.
  I should probably get to this.
  Well, of course, it's an important piece of history now.
  And then they're like, they do, there's a bit in it.
  And Jay's like, oh, the guy driving up behind us, who could this be or whatever.
  And then they like pull over in a parking lot and Colin Powell pulls up in a car with  sunglasses and I was like, what?  Yeah.
 Oh, man.
  Anyway, check out Jay's garage on CNBC and YouTube clips.
  Yeah.
 And if you're hungry for more comedy, Gutfeld.
  And Gutfeld is always there for you too.
  Is this the point in time where we should turn to some listener questions?  Make this a podcast to write post office.
  Yeah.
 Unless you want a segment.
  Do we want a palette cleanser, potentially?  Sure.
 Does someone want to do you as I have something?  Well, it's still your.
 OK, great.
  So segments were segments, everybody.
  Yeah, we have the time.
  We've got some segments to celebrate.
  And remember those.
  So this is what I wrote down very early on in the show.
  And we never had a spot for and at the time I called it the stitch like this.
  And so if you if you weren't in the parks,  in the later aughts in the 2010s,  there was a period of time where Stitch was on a lot of theme park  merchandise, wearing theme park, you know, accoutrements,  mousiers, t-shirts, churros, turkey legs.
  And that's all fine.
  But Disney's very, you know, strict about like what they  let be on theme park merchandise.
  And I wanted to see what the real stitch heads were about.
  So I went to T-Public and I'm going to toss some some stuff out,  some collabs, if you will.
  And you can tell you guys can guess whether I was able to find  like, say, like Stitch and Halloween.
  OK, OK.
  Was I able to find a t-shirt of Stitch?  Wait, so that is one that is you're saying like you're going to throw us the combo.
  And we're going to say we're going to say did they do it or not?  Well, that's pretty broad.
  There's got to be some Stitch and Halloween.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Here's a really cute like Stitch in a jack-o-lantern.
  Wonderful.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 So how about is there something?  Do you is there like a way to do is do you say like Stitch with a ding?  Or how do we deter if there is a Stitch or not a Stitch?  If Stitch wins the round, does it?  Oh, wait, then you have to say Ohana means family.
  Oh, yeah.
 Stitch.
 Yeah.
 That's OK.
  So the little thing.
 Ohana means family.
  So that was just for the sample round.
  OK, let's go on to the first one.
 Stitch and coffee.
  That's yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Of course.
 I don't care what day it is.
  It's early.
 I'm grumpy.
 I want coffee.
 Stitch wants coffee.
  So Ohana means family.
 Ohana means family.
  Stitch and a Big Mac.
  Hmm.
 Is that maybe there's a legal trouble there?  I want to say conceptually, somebody has done that, but maybe it's out on a technicality.
  Yeah.
 No sign of Stitch in a Big Mac.
  Wait.
 OK.
 So if you don't do you just do you just say no or OK?  That.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Great.
  Stitch and adulting.
  Yeah.
 Adulting.
 That seems that's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's a good search.
  Well, I did find it, but Stitch gave adulting one star overrated, overpriced, would not recommend.
  So Ohana means family, but adulting.
  No, thank you.
 Stitch understands the concept of adulting.
  Stitch understands the concept of adulting.
  Stitch and Superman.
  Huh.
 Huh.
 That's a good question.
  Now, it does Stitch playing Superman count some sort of superhero Stitch with an S on his chest?  I think that would count.
 Yeah.
  There's got to be that right.
 Yes.
  I found Batman.
 I found Deadpool.
  I did not find Stitch and Superman.
  So Deadpool.
 Do you remember what Deadpool was?  Was it just him with the mask? It's him in the costume.
  It's him in the big red costume.
  Hell yeah.
 Wear that on a first date and your date will know everything you're about.
  And this has to be on T-Public? Oh, on T-Public.
  OK, because there are plenty of Stitch dressed as Superman pictures.
  Oh.
 OK.
  You're looking for Mer- you're looking for all on Disney.
  There's a way for someone to profit from this.
  Right.
 How about Stitch and the Son of God Jesus Christ?  They seem like they could be opposites potentially.
  But somebody must have combined them.
 I'll say Ohana means family.
  Yeah, Ohana means family.
  I fell in love with the man who died for me.
  That is Stitch and the Cross.
 Whoa.
  Stitch and the Cross.
 Wow.
  I can't see what's on the shirt.
 What is Stitch's emotional state in this?  Stitch is gingerly holding the cross.
  Like, just kind of gently.
  It's not it's not a big it's not the cross he died on.
  Or is it? It's a very big cross.
  Yeah, it is a man sized.
 Wow.
  Ohana means family.
  Stitch and Dreamcatchers.
  Interesting search.
  That is interesting.
  I'm going to say I'm just going to say no.
  I'll say no to switch it up.
  And unfortunately, Stitch, this is a Stitch Dreamcatcher.
  It is a Dreamcatcher.
  It's a Dreamcatcher Ohana means family.
  Oh, wait, it's with with ears.
  That's how it all makes ears.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  Just just a couple more.
 Stitch and antidepressants.
  Don't talk to me until I've had my antidepressants.
  I'll say yes.
 I think I'm going to say yes.
  And you would be correct.
  Here's Stitch coming out of a big bottle labeled antidepressants.
  If I made that up whole cloth, that would have been weird.
  But reality is much weirder.
  Coming out of one.
  What if he got in there and ate them all?  Yeah, that's bad for him.
  That's bad for Stitch.
 Stitch.
  Ohana means family.
  Get me to a hospital.
  Stitch and the Blue Lies Matter movement.
  Oh, that's got to be yes.
  I hate saying yes, but of course.
  Not just one, but two different sellers.
  I'm surprised he's blue.
 Stitch, Back the Blue.
  Yeah.
 Oh my goodness.
  Don't bring him into this.
 He doesn't take sides.
  He's anti one thing, and that's adulting.
  And so to wrap it up, I'll change it up a little bit.
  I want you to fill in the blank  of what ailment would go here.
  I have blank.
  I don't have the energy to pretend I like you today.
  I have blank.
  I don't have the energy to pretend to like you today.
  Oh, Stitch's ray gun.
  I have blank, like, you know, like Mondayitis.
  I'm sorry you're both wrong.
  I would have accepted epilepsy, fibromyalgia or diabetes.
  What?  I have diabetes.
  I don't have the energy to pretend I like you today.
  OK, so it would be specific to whatever you have with Stitch.
  Interesting.
 Same seller.
  It might be a robot making these, but they are all different.
  And of course, Stitch says never give up  for breast cancer awareness month.
  Well, that's nice.
  Which is nice.
  I thought something nice to add to it.
  So that's been Cross Stitch.
  I'm calling that Cross Stitch.
  Oh my god.
  I'm really stuck on you have a mood shirt about your epilepsy.
  No matter Stitch or not, it's bizarre.
  It's a little strange.
  Wow.
  Well, holiday means family.
  Oh, beautiful.
  OK, well, you want to crack into some some listener questions?  Yes, yes.
  Do we need a break or anything?  I'm good.
  But you know, if you guys want one.
  I'm probably fine.
  You cut the mention of the break.
  Sure.
  Just checking.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Well, then let's turn to the socials,  to our wonderful listeners.
  Thank you for helping out helping us out with Ep 200.
  And I have not looked at these at all.
  So I have not.
  They aren't organized whatsoever.
  The first one I'm seeing, if it wasn't the first I was seeing,  I probably wouldn't read it because I  don't like what it portends.
  Ryan Ritter, the real Ritter asks,  as it appears California is on the verge of opening back up,  Harbor Boulevard hoedown back on.
  And just to reacquaint you, we've done these.
  We got to 200 much faster than a lot of podcasts  via our daily series, The City Walk Saga and the Denton Disney  ordeal.
  There's been discussion of doing everything  that's on Harbor Boulevard next to Disneyland, which seems like,  yeah, it's theme park adjacent.
  But almost none of it is Disney affiliated.
  It's like a bunch of random restaurants and hotels.
  Right, yes.
  I don't want to lead with my answer.
  But how do you guys feel?  I think I would want to, like Mike was saying,  allow a little more time before we're back in.
  I'll run in a store once or twice a week  if I can get in and out in five minutes.
  But I think I really want to get in the mix at Captain Kidd's Buffet.
  I really want to hunker down.
  Yeah, that's the thing with the Harbor Hoedown, which will happen,  is happening for sure 100%.
  Well, I'm not saying this year.
  I'm just saying eventually it will have to happen.
  But it needs to happen the right way.
  We need to be able to maskless go into Captain Kidd's scoop  from the same troughs of macaroni and cheese and day,  half day old chicken wings with tongs.
  And we need to be able to get the full experience  because I don't want to half ass the Harbor Hoedown,  which is happening eventually 100%.
  Well, I like this maskless delay.
  That'll push it a while.
  So that'll do something for it.
  That might be, though, here's where I'm at.
  There's parts of me that have, you know, now thrill rides,  I don't know, maybe I've lost the tolerance in general.
  Daily series sound better to me now after being holed up  for a long time.
  And you know, not just disease, but baby have been in the same place.
  So getting out and mixing it up does sound interesting.
  I'm almost like maybe this has to happen sooner than later  or you lose me.
  Interesting.
  Maybe I don't care anymore once I've got to do something actually fun.
  I hear what you're saying.
  So we'll we're monitoring the numbers.
  We're monitoring what's happening.
  And sooner rather than later, we could be enjoying like a big,  thick glass of milk and Captain Kidd's buffet from one of those milk machines.
  You can get it a buffet and we're all going to sample the milk  and see how it is.
  And we'll do an episode about just the milk.
  Do we have to like stay at the hotels?  What are the rules of this?  That's a very good question.
  Mostly hotels.
  A lot of hotels, some of them themed.
  I have stayed at one of the hotels on Harbor.
  Great.
  So I do have some information about that.
  I've eaten a personal pan pizza at the Pizza Hut Express in one of these hotels.
  So I can I can get my thoughts on that.
  So that's 30 minutes right there.
  Easy.
 Yeah.
  So we'll see.
  We'll see.
 Maybe we have Jason spend a night in one of them.
  Like, we'll see.
  Sure.
 This might be a good chance to reach out to some travel writers  who have cataloged that sort of thing.
  That's possible to expert view.
  So, yeah, passing the buck, huh?  You guys seen anything that's striking you?  Yeah, this actually came in.
  I think it was yesterday or a couple of days ago.
  And I kept meaning to write back, but I thought it'd be better to tell on the air.
  Chris Daly, the CJVD on Twitter,  asked, when can we expect the good boys podcast, the ride to cover the Easter  Disney parade?  Now, very early on in quarantine,  we had plans to do a commentary on the Easter,  one of the old Easter parades, and we had so many technical failures.
  We called it switches.
  The switches were such a mess.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You'll notice that we didn't get to our 200th twitch stream.
  That is not a number.
  I think we I think we bailed after three.
  I yeah, the daily life became so zoom based.
  The the video conferencing, which I'm already not super.
  I don't find supernatural to begin with.
  I've adjusted to it certainly as needed.
  But yeah, I we kind of put that on the back burner.
  But this specifically, we all ripped from YouTube one of the Easter parades  and we're going to try to do a live commentary and then archive the audio somewhere.
  And it just just didn't.
  It was hard.
 It was so hard.
  It was hard.
 So but maybe in the future, because I always like the Easter.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Now that things are less than saying we'll find a new one.
  I want to just I want to just mention that there as usual,  everyone has different opinions.
  Some people thrilled to be called Clifford's.
  Some people less than thrilled to be called Clifford's.
  And I just want to say, you know, unfortunately,  I think everyone is Clifford's.
  That's just the way it goes.
  But I hear what you're saying.
  Imagine being a woman and being labeled a Clifford.
  That's one that I think can't that doesn't square.
  I don't know.
 I think I mean, I see some people here.
  No shoes.
 Zero three nine.
  And I don't know this person's gender, but they there's I'm just saying  there's a lot of people.
  So there must be some women that are happy being Clifford's.
  Here's at Frog wife says, I absolutely identify more with being a Clifford  than a good girl.
 So I welcome the shift.
  There's all right.
  So that's pro-Clifford.
  Shouldn't go making a judgment before we get some feedback.
  So we have feedback both pro pro and con about the Clifford situation.
  Let me find a different non Clifford related one that I think I'm I think  this notion is really pushing me over the edge to me identifying as an Uncle Martin.
  OK, well, we can work on.
  Yeah, to one Uncle Martin and two Clifford.
  I can't you like normal things.
  You like this weird dinosaur that's peeing.
  It's not normal.
  You were I mean, you you were when we were talking when we had,  you know, one of our most famous arguments, the Tokyo Disney Day argument.
  I think you were certainly being an uncle Martin back then.
  I guess so.
 Yeah.
  But I did.
 I was there for four days.
  I did.
 I know.
 Come around.
  I think you could still do it faster.
  But it's always possible to do it faster.
  But yeah, I think, look, we all we're all Uncle Martin once in a while.
  That's what I want to say.
  Oh, wait, am I up to find one?  I don't really have if anybody has.
 Oh, I can I can go here.
  Kevin Lester is asking and this is this is a question.
  I mean, we talk about a lot.
  He says I would also love to hear each of your pitches for how to fix  Tomorrowland if you were given the job.
  And this is obviously a big one.
  We could we could do a whole episode.
  I'm sure it is a whole episode about it.
  But really, I mean, they just here's here's the basics.
  What I what I think I need.
  I need movement of some kind.
  I can't just sit and look at an empty track.
  I need something.
 It doesn't even necessarily need to be a ride.
  I just need some movement going on.
  I need something to even be done.
  Like, I'm not even asking for very much at this point.
  What I love a giant, crazy ticket going in to the place where they have,  you know, Star Wars launch bay, of course.
  That being said, just like put in a weird robot show in the center and some seats.
  Yeah, like just something like, oh, this is cool.
  And it's a fun, weird, like oddity out of the way thing with like an  it could be original character, it could be a Star Wars character.
  It doesn't matter.
  Literally, you just need to take some of those sections right now that are dead.
  Yeah.
 And just give us a little treat.
  And we know what we like as far as treats are concerned.
  Like something, something.
  And I do like meeting the care I'd like, Kyle Oren or Chewbacca in that section.
  But like that's what it needs right now.
  Of course, long term, it needs some crazy overhaul.
  Makes space mountain, obviously is still pretty great.
  And that doesn't need a ton.
 But put in something.
  It could be the Tron coaster.
  It could be like put some other cool thing that goes all the way around Tomorrowland.
  I would love it to be a few like an original IP, but it's not going to be.
  What if you do? What if you demolish?  I like the idea of carousel theater coming back.
  But what if instead what if maybe that mechanism is a roadblock, like it having to turn.
  And I don't like that Captain EO slash the audience theater has been  movie previews for a long time.
  And I think that's garbage.
 That's a waste of space.
  So what if you do more of a stationary country bear kind of thing?  Again, anything with robots will make us happy.
  Don't care premise.
 Truly anything you want.
  And in that, I'd be more OK with blowing up  the carousel and having that be the base of Tron.
  If that space made any sense.
  I'm not sure if it does.
 Sure.
  This is also, by the way, how how beaten down we are about Tomorrowland.
  And I think we're trying to be realistic here.
  It's not even blue sky.
 Right.
  It's not blue sky.
 We're just like, give us something.
  Jason, any thoughts?  Well, I always was very fond of I think I have one of the posters  they used to sell of it of the, you know, retro future  Tomorrowland 94 future that never was.
  I think a lot of that still looks pretty good.
  It seems like they've done like a half removed, like half of it  and kind of like added in a lot more blue.
  I feel like you can still crib a lot of that,  maybe updated a little to more modern  design standards, modern tastes.
  I think some sort of people move or return would be great.
  Yeah.
 Some sort of.
  I didn't even say it, but of course.
 Yeah.
  Some sort of retro futurism.
  I think it's hard because anyone like who would be.
  There's a lot of very interesting writers and futurists out there  that you can read in any sorts of publications.
  But so many public figures that are like,  oh, they're looking towards the future like Elon Musk are so toxic.
  Like, I don't think Disney would get in business with them.
  If they're smart, they won't get in business with them.
  But I think, you know, if they'll need corporate sponsorships  and I think the best rides that, you know, a lot of rides,  most rides have had some sort of corporate sponsorship  at some point in time.
  I think companies just need to take a back seat to their narrative.
  Like their narrative, the story, whatever, you know, Mitsubishi  or Ford or whatever sponsor is telling needs to take a backseat  to just pure entertainment.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So I don't think some like message driven  like ad motto driven ride is going to play in 2025.
  I mean, I thought it was kind of cute.
  And I was a kid when you left Space Mountain in Florida  and there was the little FedEx box on Mars.
 Sure.
  Like, I didn't mind that.
 That was that was enough.
  Not every sponsorship is so eye rolling for summer fun.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it was very funny to learn about, like, as we were doing  some Epcot pavilions that like, oh, the parent company of this ride  was in like a Cold War with the parent company of this ride.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And the last thing I'll say, though, is if you're going to finally do  something like what you're talking about, let all the rides  intersect with the other rides.
  Yeah, we want that back.
 That's what I want back.
  It doesn't even matter what the ride, as long as it's moving  and you can go through another ride and see into the other ride  you're going into.
 So cool.
 So cool.
 Yeah.
  So but who knows, maybe it'll never happen because of Disney forward.
  Here's a speculative thing that I like.
  And this also opens up a whole episode can worms as it should.
  This is from Criley Tucker.
  Would Disney's America have been a cool Epcot lame  or like a bad DCA 1.
0 type lame?  Disney's America, to fill you in what they were going to build in Virginia.
  That was a historical theme park  in a broad strokes media term.
  It was always presented like it's going to be built on a real civil war  battleground.
 I don't know that that's actually true, but near enough  to like real historical sites, the people were upset.
  They got chased out of town.
  It was like a bad time PR wise.
  Eisner was on the decline.
  We'll get into all we really got to do that.
  That's a big, I just haven't thought about it in a while.
  But that specific question from what we know about it, because  one thing I do and I like this question because I think it would be there  and it'd be weird.
  I think it'd be I think in twenty twenty one.
 Yeah.
  Disney's America would be so strange and either they would have had  to change it entirely or like there's no way just a ninety six  like historical park.
  No, it's just what it is still many years later.
  There's Disney's America would have gone through so many different  like changes to the robot show to include like a little more nuance  when it came to American history.
 That would be my guess.
  I yeah, we've had to do some.
  I mean, the explainer, the Vox level explainers  that takes on Disney's America would have in twenty twenty one,  which would have been awful.
  Like, yeah, I would guess that whatever the version of history  they would want to present in nineteen ninety six would not have aged so well  by now.
 I don't think a lot of it each well.
  Nineteen ninety six.
 Of course.
  No, the whole it's good that they didn't do this.
  But yeah, like all right.
  In ninety six is it do we walk around and like this is sort of charming  in a not so way or was it would it have been bad?  That's that's the question.
  Is it going at ninety and ninety six?  I'm trying to think what opens in around ninety six to see  like what kind of level of theming, because I don't know that it would have been  as bad as California Adventure 1.
0 again, as far as theming is concerned,  not as far as actual like not like information or what you learn.
  What version of the idealistic  Walt loving type of like great white people history you're learning there.
  But as far as like how nice are the buildings?  As far as that, you know, that question, it's like  I could see it.
  I could see it being like very nicely themed and you go, well,  the houses here look really nice and it looks like maybe very period authentic.
  Like I could see that still being the case.
  Like, you know, Disney's America, a real mess.
  Don't bring your kids there unless you're going to really sit them down  and explain the actual reality of America.
  That being said, I want you to pay attention to the details in the rooms  because the trim they used inside was actually the real trim.
  Like there is that chance.
  And I think it's I think it's likely that that might have happened.
  This one barbecue restaurant is very charming.
  But besides that, there's a lot of bad narratives in the.
  So I that I kind of think it might have actually ended up being like  very aesthetically pleasing.
  And again, this is just from some art I've seen.
  Yeah, we don't know a lot, but we'll dive.
  Maybe we'll dive a little deeper.
  Maybe this year do Disney's America.
  Honestly, I like the idea of of us rolling up our sleeves on an episode  and really fixing Tomorrowland.
  I know we should.
  I'm thinking we should do that for sure.
  Yeah, yeah, big time.
  Well, and analyze what have how did it get so bad?  Where do we get to this point and how do we get out of it? Right.
  I've got one here from Corn Dare.
  In this hypothetical future, they've just announced a new season  of Ryan Murphy's feud, and it's Eisner versus Katzenberg.
  Who plays who? Oh, man.
  I just project.
  I just finished the audio book of Disney War.
  And oh, yeah, you've been telling us good stuff from that.
  That book is a trip.
  I mean, an adaptation of that would be something.
 Right.
  I think the only person who the craziest thing coming out of it.
  One, the Frank Wells  comes out as a saint.
  Like he there's not really a bad Frank Wells stuff.
  The most sympathetic character seemingly in that store, in the book,  is oddly enough, CAA founder Michael Ovitz.
  Really interesting kind of gets tied in to like taking over  for Wells and gets thrown into the deep end with no guidance and no help.
  And it's not really his he's an agent.
  He's not unapplicable, but it's not.
  Yeah, well, the same job he's put into.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Like he really imploded in a big way.
  Like he was the king of Hollywood and then sort of faded.
  Yeah.
 He seemingly was brought into Disney because he was Eisner's best friend.
  And then he was given no support.
  And that was very interesting.
  There's a lot of interesting stuff in the book.
  The audiobooks pretty good.
  There's one or two moments where I don't know that I would have attempted to do  a certain I wouldn't have done that.
  What the narrator did.
  I don't know if I would have done that voice inflection of the head of Sony.
  I don't know that.
 I would have just might have said that a little flat.
  But those are pretty quick.
  That was only happened once or twice.
  And 2004 was a different time, I guess.
  But overall, it's a very interesting book.
  So so who is it?  Yeah, I'm looking at pictures of them just to I got a cheat.
  Well, my for all the time I had fries near like adjacent Momoa or  I'm trying to think of a different like Brad Pitt's little too old,  but it's in the zone.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know a rod or, you know, who's like really handsome,  charismatic and Chris Evans, maybe? Sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I think any Avenger would pretty much be.
  Yeah, Hemsworth Evans.
 Yeah.
  This, by the way, we're going to cut this part and we're going to send this  to his company.
  This is just a random sample of the kind of thing they talk about  on the show.
 We didn't even share.
  We just like snipped a random part.
 Right.
  So, you know, see if you like it.
  And we're all very excited for the tops IPO for the.
  Oh, yeah.
 Tops IPO.
  Talk about the tops IPO.
  We really want to get the word out.
 Yeah.
  I have been watching more baseball in 2020 and 2021 than I have in my life.
  I found it very soothing during the pandemic.
  You know, you know, we got to know who would have been good  when he was younger is like vacation era Chevy Chase.
  Oh, I could see that.
  There's like an energy that I get from like seeing young  younger Eisner and like meetings and like how I hear people describe him.
  Like he's very like kind of excitable, maybe a little erratic kind of.
  Like he's got a lot of energy.
  And like he's giving a lot of ideas and some of them are terrible.
  Some of them are great.
  I could I feel like Chevy chasing that era.
  I could I could see it.
  Yeah, that's really good.
  I think that the hair is a similar vibe.
  Similar level of the way his hair receded.
  Yeah.
 In the right era.
  Definitely could have been not now.
 I like that.
  Katzenberg.
  Yeah, I think he got to go.
  Giamatti, Paul Giamatti.
  I was thinking that.
  And he plays so many of the great like real world's nuts, you know,  not that he well, whatever, you know, interesting figures from.
  He's he's Eugene Landy.
  He's the guy, the manager in the NWA story.
  I feel like there's a there's a bunch.
  Yeah, yeah, boy, that'd be a historic.
  I mean, and when we when he was alive, Philip Seymour Hoffman.
  I mean, he's just like the greatest actors.
  He's the greatest actors of all time.
  Is this the interesting character?  Lewis could do it.
  Katzenberg in the book is a very interesting.
  He keeps scheduling like six a.
m.
 meetings as a power play.
  He's just constantly pounding Diet Coke.
  He ends up there's like a massive lawsuit for him to get a proper bonus,  which was very in plain English in the contract.
  And they fought him all the way.
  How about I throw out an idea, like an imaginary of Dr.
  Parnass, what's the guy's name, Parnassus?  Yeah, we three of us play Eisner and we just take turns in different scenes  or in that don't the Bob Dylan movie where he's played by like 10 different people.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And a child to show his childlike wonder.
  Right.
 That's good, too.
  So I could see that being when my son's old enough.
  I've figured out something very special for you to do.
  My my my biggest love will play my second biggest love.
  I'm sorry I miss those.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Make sure you get that clear.
  I think also if Disney itself could make an Eisner movie  and just make it obviously the the perfect history version,  like they did with P.
L.
 Travers with that movie,  then you can start putting whoever plays Eisner into like the Avengers  and the Star Wars or whatever.
  And like the girl who gets saved by Michael Eisner at the end of one of the.
  Well, you know, you want to talk retconning.
  Big fan of the late shift.
  I really love the late shift.
  Any interest in an episode about the late shift?  Is that too off topic? It might be.
  Let us know.
  But if you're if you're up for it, you know, we would talk about the late shift,  the HBO movie for for a long time.
  Michael Ovech.
  Podcast.
 Oh, yeah.
  I still think about the scripted podcast or just like doing a TV show of it  like once a week.
 Yeah, God.
 Oh, a sequel.
  Oh, what a what a dream.
  You got to talk to Betty Thomas about this.
  Yeah, yeah, sure.
 Yes.
  She did a great job.
 She's back on board.
  Wouldn't it be funny if the first podcast to ride outside of podcast  was we were working on a late shift show?  So we're finally expanding the late shift.
  I mean, a lot of old IP is coming back.
  It's not a reality show where we go on roller coasters.
  It's where we want to like see more of Jay Leno in a closet,  which honestly, now they say it makes perfect sense.
 Yeah.
  But I was going to say a character in the big character in that movie,  Michael Ovech, has played by Treat Williams.
  Oh, yeah.
 Treat Williams comes back  and now it's now it's all connected.
  Now we're building a Marvel universe.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 The Treat Williams.
  It would be I was thinking a potential Katzenberg is Bob Balaban.
  But if we were going to build this greater universe,  Bob Balaban is already Warren Littlefield's famous, of course,  late shift movie.
 So unless but now a double duty  Balaban can only be good for a film.
 But right.
  You know, that's I don't want to, you know, push him into that.
  He's an esteemed actor.
  Wallace Shawn is Wallace Shawn.
  Is Wallace Shawn Roy E.
  Roy E.
 Disney, a big character in that era.
  Oh, good.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But can't you also see him getting riled up in the right way to be Katzenberg?  Oh, yeah.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
  You could Irishman some of these people and de-age them.
  Why don't we just I mean, them, you know, we want the greatest.
  We want De Niro and De Niro and Pesci would be great.
  Oh, yeah, that's a good point.
  That's a very good point.
  Well, who will pay young Gutfeld, though?  OK, well, I have one here.
  This is a fun one.
  This is Ellie Warren at Ellie wrote that now this is addressed to Mike and Jason,  but I'm going to throw it to Scott, of course, to Mike and Jason.
  Now that we're allowed to drink in Disneyland, I must know what famous person  or duo would you task with creating a Disneyland exclusive celebrity tequila?  And would the story of its creation be better than the briefcase story?  Well, first of all, no, it could never whatever creates.
  There's never going to be a better tequila creation story  than the Casamigo story.
 Yeah.
  Best story we've ever heard.
  I mean, the only thing that comes close is the saga The Hemisphere Dancer.
  And two stories that we like.
 What's that again? Oh.
  Jason, I discussed it on a podcast and I tried to tell it and I was cut off.
  Finally, a host and some balls.
  He didn't know he was Brett Davis.
  He didn't know what he was doing, but he accidentally cut me off  in the middle of a hemisphere dancer explanation.
  Bless you, Brett.
 I don't blame you.
  I have no idea how much you helped.
  So wait, OK.
  But so we're I mean, is that is there an attempt to pimp the answer  into being Clooney and Gerber? Well, that answer.
  Are we thinking? No, no, I don't think so.
  I think you guys.
  Well, obviously, that would be the dream is if we did it.
  But I think I think I think first, I think as long as the ground  rules are laid down, that no, the origin story won't be better,  but it could be a different duo of people.
  Who would it be? Who would make sense in 2021 and the Disney family  that would make sense that they have a partnership with Disney?  Because they have the wines from Kurt Russell and Parker and what have you.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  How's Robert Downey not in the liquor game?  That's all the mega people.
  He's sober.
 So all right.
  Right.
 Oh, yeah.
 So he can't do that.
  That would be a bad thing.
  I mean, obviously, he doesn't have to have any involvement with it whatsoever,  but probably in general.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That would be a no go.
  As far as like, you know, big the rather getting the rock in the family.
  But he already has his own thing going on.
  So I don't think he wants to be tied to Disney completely.
  He has his own brand.
  I'm trying to think of who else, because like your stars of yesteryear,  your Suzanne Pluchette and your Kurt Russell's Bob Newhart,  Bob Newhart, you know, Bob Newhart's 90 year old Bob Newhart could be involved.
  The easy answer might be a Tom Hanks, Tim Allen duo  teaming up with a celebrity tequila, Woody and Buzz's tequila.
  And it's some like it's a translation from another language,  and the translation is friend in me.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What's friends?  Oh, yeah.
 That would be great.
  But if you want the top shelf, like the Pappy Van Winkle,  like top shelf tequila to go along with that, you get Chris Evans,  because this is it's not the toy tequila.
  It's the tequila that the it's the raw from the barrel tequila  from the pure agave that the raw agave is based on.
  Amigo en mi would be the that's  yeah, friend in this.
  We could have known we could have guessed that one.
  I guess that was that difficult.
  But maybe you got to do it like a deeper.
  It's like, you know, it's we just we go into some,  you know, Estonian type language to disguise it more.
 Right.
  But then, huh, I do like the do like the sound of that.
  The two of them, I mean, now that truck goes by.
  Oh, and what is it?  Is it them? Like it's not them in the costumes and it's not Woody and Buzz  because they don't want to associate the characters with alcohol.
  But is it like little nods in that?  Is it like that one's in a cow that Tom's in a cool cowboy hat  and Tim is in? What? I got it.
  I got it.
 It's just two hands like toasting glasses.
  And the one stir stick is like a cowboy hat on the end.
  And the other is a spaceman helmet on the end.
  Oh, that's pretty good.
  Light years ahead of any tequila on the market.
  Years ahead.
 That's pretty good.
  That's a little more.
  I was going to say the big duo right now is Falcon and Winter Soldier.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 They could do it, too.
  I was going to pitch with Tim and Tim and Tom that the  the truck is actually three motorcycles with the two of them  and then Randy Newman, also next to them on a motorcycle.
  Seventy eight year old Randy Newman.
  You got to have a Randy if you're going to do a premium tequila.
  Yeah.
 Better have a Randy.
  I think Randy should be driving a motorcycle  and then they should each be in a sidecar.
  Oh, that's good, too.
  A motorcycle with two sidecar stash.
  Somebody could draw that for us, please.
  Another potential tagline.
  You are a tequila.
  Sure.
 That's true.
  Randy, re-record it.
  Well, that's all that's all great.
  That should that should be made.
  Thank you, listeners, for your for your questions  and for listening to this experimental in the elements episode.
  We got a couple more things, right?  Mike, you got something to say?  We could also do do we also do the other one in a track?  Oh, sure.
  Mine is mine is a something that I realized as I was pulling up.
  I go, you know, I should have told him  so we could work this out because the bit will be better.
  But let's do it anyway.
  OK, OK.
  I want to I want to debut a new segment called PTR 400.
  OK, OK.
  This is 200 episodes right now.
  And you're talking about 400.
  And what is and the idea I had and again, this is why I'm starting to doubt it,  was that we format this much like the Conan O'Brien segment in the year 2000.
  Well, yes, those are yes, those were written an inch of their life.
  Like jokes.
  And I went, you know what?  Hmm.
 I first said we should really have planned this.
  But, you know, we'll see what happens.
  And if we have to edit it out, we have to edit it out.
  OK, so we're imagining what is the 400th.
  So basically all I'm thinking is this will go around and we'll do a few,  just a couple, and each one of us will say something that could be  happened on the show by podcast, the right 400, maybe in each of our lives.
  It could be anything, really.
  But when we get to podcast the right 400, what will have happened? Yeah.
  By podcast, the right 400.
  One hundred and four of those will have been the harbor hoedown.
  So we'll be there approximately this time next year.
  And then we'll say podcast the right 400.
  Jason, do you want to go? Sure.
  By podcast, the right 400.
  I will have completed my trip to Japan to tour the theme.
  Whoa.
 Oh, then we get the real one.
  This is exciting because you can do real ones.
  So the segment is good.
  And I will also finally be being released  from the Japanese prison I had been confined in.
  Podcast the right 400.
  We will have had Randy Gerber on the show.
  Podcast the right 400.
  We're talking real ones.
  This is a high bar.
 Maybe we should set it.
  Dollywood.
 Oh, yeah.
  Podcast the right 400.
  I don't like this part of it, but let's keep going.
  Greg Gutfeld  will have really given Disney the business  for introducing oat milk at their coffee outlets in the parks.
  Podcast the right 400.
  Liberal commie bunk.
  I will sit through at least two more  Disney timeshare presentations  for or maybe not for free fast passes.
  Podcast the right 400.
  But that's happening.
  That's regardless of if we stopped doing the show.
  Oh, that's a good point.
 So you would still.
  Yes, that is a good point.
  OK, well, I think  let's see, we've got the second gate  by podcast the right 400.
  We're up to the 12th gate, which is  10 times we can avoid that ninth gate.
  We're up to  and that is that's ten thousand dollars a month.
  But I don't know.
 But what's the what do you get for 10?  What's what's the desired for ten thousand dollars a month?  Jason will kiss you on the mouth.
  We book you a room at the Grand Californian  that it's only five thousand dollars a month.
  So we live in the Grand Californian.
  No, just I it's just however long it gets you.
  But it's booked by Mike will book.
  Mike will place to live in the Grand Californian.
  Unfortunately, he takes a 100 percent commission.
  It appears by podcast the right 400, 400.
  Yes.
  Where were we? Who said the last?  Oh, you said I just said one, but we could end it whenever.
  Any other dreams of a podcast?  You know, I will podcast.
  I will say podcast, or I will do something maybe that's not a podcast.
  I don't even know where I'm going with that, but I feel like that would be good.
  Yeah, interesting.
  It could be the late shift.
  Could be something else.
  You're so OK.
 Oh, that count like our our first narrative project.
  Maybe.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Or it's just a yeah, we just record some more video and parks.
  And that's it.
  YouTube and yeah, great.
  Tick tocking.
 Don't have the tick tock presence yet.
  No pressure.
 Can't wait.
  Can't wait to do it.
  And that, I guess, is podcast the right 400.
  Except that I you know what will happen by then.
  A lot of good times.
  Good fun, good in person.
  Yes.
 God's sake.
  I can't wait to keep to it.
  We'll keep zooming a little unless I don't know.
  We'll see.
  I will.
 We'll just determine when we're back.
  We'll see.
 Yeah.
  But I think what it also hopefully leads to is getting out there  and mixing it up in the world.
  You know what? We've been able to do a lot of research and stuff.
  And we've been able to go to drive through experiences.
  But getting back and doing things, going to place places we haven't been.
  This is what I'm excited for.
  There'll be a lot of this by podcast the right four.
  Yeah.
 Gradual steps.
  That's what I was saying to someone earlier.
  Baby steps.
  Don't do what I did last year and go from just sitting on a couch  to suddenly in the middle of a set.
  Because that was a terrible move on my part.
  Yes.
 He's back and decided.
  But yes, well, there'll be they're going to let's we're going to milk  going back to all these parks.
  We're going to get episodes out of these these journeys back  and give you trip reports and yeah, that'll happen.
  And on that note, here's one one final thing.
  You know, in our feeling nostalgic for 2017, when we started doing the show  and when we that's right, right?  I think, yeah, 2017, 2017, about five or six months before it launched.
  Wow, that's right.
 Yeah, we're building up a little bit.
  And and we had we had segments back then and we had one that  the intent was to do monthly until we realized we could just talk  into infinity about any topic for over two hours easily.
  So we talked about doing every month was the animatronic of the month.
  That was going to be so recurring.
  And we've so let down on that we haven't named one of those in God knows when.
  And with that in mind, I think you got to go broader than the month.
  You got to go bigger being that it's been so long.
  I think that we need to name an animatronic of the year.
  And not just that, but my other thought on this,  there's a lot of animatronics that are about to be turned back on.
  Wonderfully, magically for the first time in over a year.
  And, you know, we could honor the ones that have just been going in Florida.
  But why not give it up for the ones that have been been stuck,  just gathering dust since last March when all the crazy crap happened.
  And so that's why I proposed the segment  dormant animatronic of the year.
  Yeah.
 Give it up for these guys who are about to have purpose once once more.
  I think we can all agree the animatronic of 2020 was  male functioning Donald in the Mexico Pavilion  that was eventually replaced with a particle board cut out.
  And at one point in time, a potted plant and at one point in time,  a potted plant with a sombrero thrown on it and then eventually nothing.
  I mean, that's a way to go out.
  Some animatronics just break and then you don't see them again.
  But Donald made a big stink on the way out.
  And and we'll never forget it.
  But dormant soon to come to life ones.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Does anybody feel like you feel like starting?  I don't, because I kind of think now that I'm thinking about it,  I didn't follow the assignment so well.
 OK, that's fine.
  I have one.
 You go ahead first.
 Yeah.
 OK, great.
  I would like to nominate an animatronic  that I learned had a name.
  I didn't realize he had a name.
 His name is Pickwick.
  He is the ghost hanging off the chandelier via cane,  holding a glass of wine in the Haunted Mansion.
 Yes.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Scene.
 Yes.
  Who maybe will get to Pickwick this year on the Haunted Mansion episode.
  We will see.
 It's like around the corner.
  We're going to get to Pickwick.
  There's a lot of crazy characters.
  There are a lot of different characters.
  I mean, we kind of laid out what we're going to do,  but who knows what's going to happen when we actually get in there.
  Pickwick is like the closest to where it's like the first thing we'll see.
  I mean, maybe there's like some sort of secret  rolly crump like artwork on the floor.
  We didn't notice.
 That's true.
  I know the track enough.
  What sort of woodworking was done in that room?  There was an insect infestation in the exact hallway.
  We're going to pass through.
  OK, Pickwick.
 Pickwick is hanging off the chandelier via his cane.
  He's having the time of his life.
  And I think he's a great representation of the optimism that  much of us are all feeling after over a year of doom and gloom.
  And then suddenly, like, you know,  you just stepped on the gas and everything started happening out here.
  It was like, you know, night and day recently.
  The seasons changed.
  And then suddenly everyone's just like,  yeah, you can get it.
  You just drive to Bakersfield for the vaccine.
  Yeah, just crazy.
  Yeah.
 I mean, if, you know, they're talking about it's going to be a roaring 20s.
  It's going to be such an indulgent time and Pickwick's obviously indulgent.
  We're all we're all going to be Pickwick's hopefully soon enough.
  Hang on.
 We're all taking.
  It's much easier to take pictures of our food in 2020 as opposed to 1920.
  You used to have to have a big contraption and then wait days to get it back.
  And is that why he's on the chandelier?  Is he trying to get an overhead shot of the food on the table?  Oh, yes.
 Is he an influencer?  The original influencer with an old film camera.
  Pickwick is a TikTok comedian now.
  TikTok.
  All right.
 Pickwick is our first nominee.
  I'm excited to talk about Pickwick whenever we get to.
  I am going to I am going to still pick my pick.
  And I'm just I've changed around to exactly how I'm formatting.
  Don't worry.
 It'll be the same.
  You know, we're saluting animatronics that are, you know, about to be turned on.
  But in the same way, what about saluting an animatronic that can't be turned on?  Oh, and maybe you're saying that doesn't that's not an animatronic, Michael.
  Maybe you've accidentally said that you're going to salute a statue.
  And maybe that is what I'm doing.
  But I would like to salute Mr.
  Incredible, perpetually reaching for Jack Jack saying no no cookie.
  OK, he deserves credit.
  I consider him an animatronic because it sort of suggests movement.
  And maybe, yeah, technically, he's not a robot and he's not moving around.
  But we're going by so fast.
  You can you can sense like, oh, he's like really trying to do it.
  And I'd like to salute that that animatronic else call him  because, you know, he he can't be turned on.
  That is what he's stuck like that forever.
  He's stuck like that for our enjoyment.
  And for the last year, he's had to be stuck in that.
  That looks like a very stressful position he's in.
  And he's had to not be entertaining people.
  At the very least, he could say, you know, I'm in a horrible position.
  I don't have a bottom half at all.
  But at least people are having enjoyment and they're smelling this  slightly cookieish smell.
  I don't know that it always barely noticed it smells really a ton like cookies.
  But I think he deserves recognition, especially in the last year when  he knows the other robots are going to be turned on, but he can't be turned on.
  He's stuck.
  That's a very good framing.
  And we do need to give that's a very specific plight.
  There's people who wish he was an animatronic, but he is not.
  We have to love him for what he is.
 Exactly.
  So Mr.
 Incredible in the tunnel is a candidate number two.
  Candidate number three.
  You know, for all of us, this this holiday season, the holidays in 2020  were very difficult.
  Most of us could not see our families, could not gather  and sing our favorite holiday songs.
  So imagine if you represented the holidays  and the holidays came and went without a single visitor or jolt of electricity  through your withered wires.
  Woe is the plight of the holiday overlay animatronic.
  Stuck in the crate where you already spend most of your lonely year as it is.
  And imagine then if you represented a second holiday, too,  which you also miss and is also sad for everybody.
  And on top of that, an increasingly loud mob of unappreciative  theme park fans are mad at you and that your overlay lasts too long,  straddling too many holidays.
  And it's not just nerds throwing shade at you,  but Ryan Gosling, a cool guy, the gangster squatter himself.
  How much disrespect could there be for all of these characters?  But which one am I going with?  I'm going with one that I think though he's torn apart  just for living his regular seasonal life,  I believe that when this Halloween comes, he will ignore the barbs,  grin as wide as ever and sing out his mocking song loud and proud.
  Scary singing plant number 15 in Haunted Mansion Holiday.
  You are my pick for dormant animatronic of the year.
  Oh, that's great.
  And that's one of those robots where you can really hear it working.
  Yes, absolutely.
  When I brought this up to Erin, she said, you know, I love about those  clack, clack, clack, yes, like the Tiki birds, like the original animatronics.
  It's I think a fun throwback in that way.
  They're so loud.
  Also, real quick, just Gosling for Eisner, too.
  Decent choice.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  I think if you've been on like GQ or really any style magazine,  I think you're a great Eisner.
 I agree.
  Well, and he would have met him, right?  Because Gosling was in the 90s Mickey Mouse Club.
  You know, yeah, I bet Eisner probably swung by that at some point in time.
  Oh, yeah, he should.
  I mean, he was very busy in the Gosling era.
  That's kind of when it was.
  That's when Wells died and it all fell apart.
  Yes, that's true.
  Yeah.
 Tough time for Gosling and Timberlake to enter.
  Timberlake, another good candidate.
  Throw it in there.
 Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
 Mm hmm.
  And throw in like, you know, Christina as Eisner's wife.
  I think that's great and have eyes and like rewrite everything.
  So Eisner like wrote some of the songs in the movies.
  He just like, yeah, clears the guy.
  Get out of here, like shoves Minkin to the side,  rolls up his sleeves.
  Perfect on the first try.
  A whole new world.
 Look at this stuff.
  Isn't it neat?  Wouldn't you think my ass just at the top of my head, but I don't know.
  Collections complete.
 OK, there is it is.
  That's so hard.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, that'll be the PL.
  Trevor's saving Mr.
 Banks version.
  All great candidates.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I like I like all of them very much.
  I believe that how we did this, I had to go back and check.
  I think we had the audience decide.
  I think that, OK, good.
 Unlike other things where we decide for them,  we pick Clifford for them and we pick the name Clifford for them.
  And here we're giving the audience a little bit of choice.
  Yes.
 So we'll put that poll on the Twitter and you can decide  the dormant animatronic of the year.
  I think you made a great case for that plant because it's in the box.
  Stuck in a box.
  Oh, yeah.
 Like how much they would.
  You would look forward to getting that crack of light.
  And I get to come out finally.
  And it didn't happen for the first time since the late 90s.
  Since its existence didn't get to come out.
 Right.
  So, yeah, you decide you listen, you decide.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And, you know, you can go do that, obviously, at Twitter, at podcast, the ride.
  We're on all the socials at podcast, the ride.
  And I'm just dovetailing it into the  into the plugging stuff because you survived podcast, the right.
  And you've survived some of you have survived  200 of these main feed episodes.
  And wait, I had to count because we're close to I believe there are 94  patrons, so we're close to 300, which is a better, bigger.
  Wow.
 One in a way.
  And and to those of you who've listened to to all of these,  we can't thank you enough.
  And thanks for being being with us for so many.
  And we hope to see you the next time.
  Not 300.
  We can't see you for that.
 That wouldn't be safe.
  We'll see you for anniversary or for not anniversary.
  We want to see everybody soon.
 Yeah.
  In the in this these mail back questions, some we didn't get to,  some very good candidates for second gate episodes.
  I'll say that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, yeah, always, always send those.
  Please not just whatever you want us to do.
  And and if you want to hear those, obviously, there's always three bonus  episodes every month at podcast, read the second gate at  patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  Fellas, thanks for hanging out in the I've been looking for this for a long time.
  So we could we could do it.
  There's something to it.
 It's fun.
  It's nice to do it this way.
 Oh, yeah.
  No, there's not that.
  As I said before, there's not that half second before, you know,  if that thing you thought you said that was funny is funny or not,  because you have to wait for a delay in reaction.
  Yeah, boy.
 Where you have like a little terror of like,  I thought that I said it was funny.
  And then so you get a little more immediate.
  So it's nice.
 It doesn't make me feel as crazy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And just in leaving the same room that we're in all the time.
  That helps.
 That's nice.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we've been wanting to do it this way for a long time.
  I feel like December was so bad.
  Couldn't do like a holiday thing.
  This seemed like the time there's optimism.
  I hope everybody's feeling it.
  So hopefully we are rather than later.
  We'll be having some sort of sort of jamboree.
  Oh, that's right.
  We again within doing this, I hope this has been nice to listen to.
  And you're happy that we did something together in person.
  But we did bail on the country bear promise.
  Well, sort of.
  I mean, it's half and half because we did say sort of when it's safe  to be inside together, we would do country bears.
  Is that what we said? I think so.
  Yeah.
 Oh, OK.
  A jamboree is going to involve like, you know,  maybe have to record in pieces and there'll be a cavalcade to start.
  You know, multiple family, multiple households would have to be involved.
  So that's the this is three.
  This is fine.
 It's outside.
 It's massive and safe.
  The jamboree needs a lot more than that.
  Yeah, that will be.
 Yeah.
  This is the current California regulation of number of households  who can wear at the max, I think, right now.
  That's right.
 So, yeah.
  So so when that hopefully that's again sooner rather than later.
  I was discussing a little bit of it today.
  I'll just say that in general.
  So, OK, that'll be that'll be coming up and we'll see again.
  You have to tell when Biden says we can jamboree.
  We'll jamboree.
  You got to listen to Biden when he says you can pull out.
  Hey, Mac, we'll have our jamborees back.
  By the way, the decent chance he says something about having a jamboree  in the next few months.
 That's that's possible.
  Jamboree is just what he calls TikTok.
  Right.
 Sure.
  Kids getting on jamboree, doing their dances, doing the skadoos.
  Yeah.
 Well, this has been a blast.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  Back with more,  hopefully less planes and stuff.
  But what am I apologizing for?  I'm so happy we did it.
 This is great.
  Thanks for listening.
  Talk to you next time.
 Goodbye.
  Please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest ForeverDog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
