 Forever.
  Dog.
  On your mark, get set, go!  These three hosts will go head to head to head to find out who ooze is the most obscure information  about a Defunct TV filming location.
  And you, the super sloppy subscriber, wins the fabulous prize of being talked at.
  It's Nickelodeon Studios on podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast The Ride, the first world headquarters for adults who can't get over  being kids.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, that's a club that I don't know, maybe we should all be arrested.
  I'm not sure.
  There's a pro-  There's millions though.
  This is a epidemic, a different kind of epidemic within our generation, I think.
  In various ways, that's the problem.
  I don't know if it is a problem.
  We shouldn't lock all of us up.
  I think there should be a different set of things that need to be done for the different  subsections of people in that category.
  But this is the headquarters and I'm happy to be staffed there.
  Yeah, Jason Sheridan, agree, disagree.
  As comes up surprisingly often on this show, society has failed us.
  Government failed us, religion failed us, education is a real hit and miss.
  So we need to take comfort in either buying the vintage Nickelodeon studio shirts on eBay  or be cost effective and head on over to T-Public where you can get perfectly good replicas  for a fraction of the price.
  Wow, the leftist politics coming out hard on the Nick Studios episode.
  I was going to say, I've bought Nickelodeon things, but I'm not thinking about how I'm  mad about being generationally screwed.
  I don't like the orange.
  We are generationally screwed.
  I mean, that is if you.
.
.
  There are facts.
  I mean, I like tying them together.
  It's interesting, but I would just, you know, I just like gags.
  We take comfort in a, yeah, take, it's fun and you take comfort in more simpler times,  you know?  If it's philosophical things we're thinking about, or if it's more like, I kind of feel  like it's more that our parents were a little more coddled and didn't have to put up with,  like, not all, a lot of them had, didn't have to fight in a major world war.
  So they coddled their children way more, kept them young, kept them like a little boy forever.
  Maybe I'm just speaking about my own situation.
  And he now doesn't even realize he's maybe in his mid to late 30s.
  He doesn't know that.
  So yes, he has to go to T-Public and purchase a replica Nickelodeon splat  or some replica GAC that he can buy and he can pretend that he's getting messy all over again,  like he did when he was a little boy.
  I swear there is a way that it doesn't have to be dark.
  There's a way to be fond of these things.
  We've just gone all the way to, well, I just disagree a little bit with Jason.
  I agree with his politics in general, but I think maybe the reason for our, you know,  you're taking it as dark.
  I am accepting the world as it is and taking comfort in the light of, you know,  the first neck work for kids.
  It's acceptance for, well, and our heroes have failed us, as you said, and we don't,  and we like, you know, what do we worship?  And I guess the answer is Olmec.
  It's Olmec, the temple god.
  That's true.
  Our literal god.
  He is the closest thing we have to a godlike figure, yes, who watches over and protects us.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's one of the characters who lived in the magical world that we're exploring today,  the world of Nickelodeon Studios.
  It's a big one.
  It's a thing that the more that I thought about it and have meditated on in the last week,  I think Nickelodeon Studios is one of the things that makes  Universal Studios Florida perennially very 90s, very early 90s.
  It's like a sheen that it'll never shake in a way, in a good way.
  And I think having that initial Nickelodeon core is part of it.
  And I think it's a thing, I think, like, is Universal Studios Florida, was it ever  really a working studio without this at the center?  I know parenthood filmed there or some odds and ends every once in a while.
  But to me, I'm like, oh, this is like it's a real studio.
  It shows that I watch.
  It's every show that I watch is filmed at this theme park.
  Yeah, for sure.
  There is a documentary called The Orange Years that I watched last night,  and it talks about how the perfect timing of Nickelodeon was like,  man, we might need our own productions.
  We might need a studio.
  Can we get space somewhere?  Right when Universal Studios Florida is starting to break ground and it's just  the most perfect sequence of events that it ends up happening.
  This is like when you're watching a documentary like Sound City about all the great albums  produced in this one studio and you see, yeah, you watch anything about Nick Studios and you go,  everything I liked as a kid on this one channel was here.
  Like 90% of it, 90 whatever.
  Yeah, and same two or three buildings, like mainly two.
  They sort of used a third sometimes.
  I don't think I was aware of how to me,  Nickelodeon's years might have been like 19 sound stages.
  I don't know, but it all happened and mostly in two magical buildings.
  It was Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory in my mind of like,  it doesn't even really have a form.
  It doesn't have a physical form.
  It can change shape to be whatever it needs to be when it shoots one of its shows.
  Like that's where it was in my mind.
  I'm sure this we'll talk about.
  I never got to go.
  It's another thing that haunts me to this day.
  Oh, you never went to this at all?  Never.
  Wow.
  I haven't even looked at it in the last few years going to Orlando.
  I won't even go over there.
  It's kind of odd to me to even see it sort of as a shell of its former or not even a shell.
  That's been a Blue Man group place for a number of years.
  I won't even look at the Blue Man.
  I can't even.
  I can't.
  They're mocking scowling faces.
  You take them as judgment.
  They're gone.
  They're done.
  It's over.
  That's done.
  That's done.
  Boy, so this is really nothing now.
  This is just an office building that happens to be next to our favorite theme parks.
  Jason, did you go?  Did you experience this in any way?  Yes, I did.
  Right in the middle of the Golden.
  Like 91 or 92.
  I took the tour.
  I did not audition for a show because that was a big thing.
  You could audition to be on Double Dare or what would you do or some of the ones that I forget.
  Nick Arcade, I think, was an option.
  Guts.
  Later on Guts.
  Yeah, and I took the tour.
  My big memory of it is at the end,  you guys may have come across the game lab where they put everyone in bleachers and they  demonstrate some games and they slime a kid in a tiny little pool at the end.
  I did come across the game lab.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  I saw that.
  I did not volunteer.
  This was before I got bit by the acting bug, so I was terrified by everything.
  Especially terrified when we went into this room,  which is in my memory was the size of a high school gymnasium.
  In reality is the size of like a two bedroom apartment.
  They said, all right, parents sit in that bleacher, kids sit in this bleacher.
  I was like, oh my God, we got to be separated.
  What if I can't find them?  What if something happened?  That's hitting me too.
  It stressed me out.
  We're right.
  The separation.
  It stressed me out so much.
  I watched the clip of this and I had the thought, man, that would have stressed me out as a kid.
  I swear to God, I would just watch a couple hours ago and I was like, oh, they separated them?  Oh, that would have.
  I would not have cared for that.
  And this is after the high of the tour, which was walking by a room with like very dramatic  lighting that had a snick couch in it, like a museum display, like behind glass, the big orange  couch.
  And I was like, holy shit, that's the couch.
  Nice.
  Smithsonian for kids.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  This is, boy, we both, we, all of us even like, this is a little show where we will sit in a  separate section from our parents.
  And this was too much.
  Yeah.
  It would have been far too much.
  Yeah.
  I wanted to get, I would watch what would you do.
  And for the younger ones who might not know, a lot of these shows were  shows where it would be some sort of game show elements.
  And then kids would get hit with pies, whipped cream.
  They would get slime.
  They would get like goo dumped on them.
  They would get messy.
  A lot of these shows were based on mess.
  A lot of the names were based on mess.
  So as a kid, I wanted to be on these shows really bad, but it did make me also very  uncomfortable.
  The idea that I would have a bunch of like orange goop dumped on my head.
  Yes.
  I don't know.
  Like that, that was stressful as well.
  So it was interesting because it was both of those feelings at once as a kid.
  Right.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  You get, so you get the, you would take a tour of the studios and then get the  opportunity to audition potentially.
  And I think I had the same thing where like I was sure that I would.
  And then something, and then the intimidation of being in the space was like, absolutely  not.
  I, I, the day came and I flop sweated and I blew.
  I wouldn't even put myself up for the challenge.
  Mike, you talk about, you said you, you like avoided the building as an adult because  you're upset you didn't get to go.
  I remember, I think every trip I ever made to the studios and I probably got to see it  in person three times.
  I think at 94 and then the 99 in 2003 when much less is going on.
  I think still in 2003 when I'm in college and especially when I was a kid,  like walking up to the building made me nervous.
  It was such a Shangri-La.
  And like you would, I remember it's like a very undramatic view.
  You know, you go into Disneyland and the castle, it has, you have a clear view of the  castle all the way down at the end of the street, at the end of main street.
  This is the opposite.
  You go down, it's a weird, awkward left turn.
  I have pretty much pretty quick after you've entered Universal Studios and you don't see  the splat.
  You don't see it like facing you.
  Ah, there it is.
  It's like weirdly off to the side.
  So you approach it in this very like bad eyeline way.
  And even that, in a way I was relieved.
  I feel like I just like my heart would sink.
  I need a little time here.
  I just let me see that splat really flat from the side.
  But I just, I have such a strong memory of like that awkward view and being like,  can I even walk up to it?  This is so, this is this, the shot of the studio is at the end of everything that I watch.
  Yeah.
  Will I be able to stand if I go up in front of the building?  As big to me as a child as the White House, as important a piece of architecture,  because it was on the end card of everything I watched, whether it was the picture,  whether it was the zooming, like a plane shot or the little doodle one where the  universal ball is like perfectly, or the globe is perfectly rotating in front of the Nickelodeon  building, which was never the, not the actual architecture in real life.
  But I, it just loomed so large in my mind.
  Yeah, those shots, a lot of the nostalgia is definitely from that.
  Yeah, that the show would end, the double there would end, the guts would end.
  Nick Arcade would end.
  And then the little package of this program was taped before a live studio audience at  Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
  This, that little thing and seeing that at the end of almost everything,  just like built up not only the, just like the legend of Nickelodeon, but Universal's Florida too.
  Yeah.
  Like, is this why, is this a big missing component of why I'm so  unstoppable into theme parks? Like, was like the idea of going to this place where there's rides  and stuff, but also everything you watch is made.
  Well, sure.
 And it, in, in, I think the narrative of the early days of, you know,  sure, studios, Florida, especially very early on is everything is broken.
  There's no background music walking around.
 The rides break down a lot.
  Universal, Nickelodeon Studios at Universal worked.
 It did its job as a production facility,  and it did its job as a marketing device and drawing people down there because kids saw that  and heard that's where it was.
 And they went, mom and dad, we got to go to Universal.
 I gotta  see Nickelodeon Studios.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Big time.
 I remember that, okay, you're describing all the,  the different iterations of that little end card.
 There's one where they draw on it and there's one  that's like a, you know, kind of a big helicopter shot.
 And then there's one, I even saw it on  YouTube awkwardly labeled as like Nickelodeon logo, the one where the kids are running,  which is probably also what I'd call it anyway, without that title.
  And so, so sometimes you would see this grand shot of the studio and a big, nice lawn.
 I liked  the lawn in front of the, it was a very well-manicured lawn in front of the Nick Studios building.
  And a bunch of kids are just running feverishly, pumping their arms, cause they get, they get to  go to the place.
 And I just remember always thinking like, when they get there, when they finish  going across the lawn and land at the studio, they're going to have more fun than I have ever  had or will ever have.
 These, these 12 children, certainly this isn't just some shot and their  extras who were hired and like, then they left after nine takes.
 No, no, no.
 They are like this,  they are entering heaven.
 They will enter the kingdom of heaven when they get to the cowhide  patterned building.
 Yes.
 I, yeah, I, I also had that thing where like, I can't even imagine  what it's like.
 I couldn't even, there, this must be just like you're whisked away by Ren and Stimpy  themselves or any of my favorite characters.
 They say, hello, nice to meet you.
 It's not just like a  facility of some kind where cameras are and it's cold in there because that's how they shoot TV  shows.
 Like I, yeah, I couldn't even dream of what it might, must be like, Hey, what's up? I'm looking  for a new best friend.
 Doug, the cartoon Doug.
 Yeah, I'll hang out with you.
 What?  No, you want to go play in the double dare nose for several hours? Anything you want, Doug?  Doug, Michael hop in the car.
 Doug creator, Jim Jenkins.
 What are you doing here?  An adult man who very clearly is the basis for Doug.
  Jim Jenkins is going to push us down the pie slide all day.
  Hey, yeah, looking back though, cause I, this is exactly the energy I'm coming into this with,  like a mit, like watching it and imagining.
 And when I am there, if I'm even close to there,  then I'll finally be happy.
 What were we thinking? Like what is, there's, yes.
  Ultimately, what was there that even made us do this?  Well, the cards, the production, the, the branding of Nickelodeon and like the commercials,  the little animated in betweens, the splat, the, all the different logos, like the, the Pantone  zero two one orange, which is the official color, the official Nickelodeon orange color.
  That was so good.
 And I, I did find out watching this documentary that like, yeah,  they talk to kids a lot.
 Like they really interviewed kids.
 Like, what is it like to be a  kid? What do you want? And, you know, what do you guys want? And, and that is where a lot of the  vibe came on.
 I feel a lot of the early Nickelodeon when they didn't have a lot of budget was vibe.
  And we were texting the other night, like, did we want this much like repurposed Canadian content?  And I also learned that the reason there was so much like repurposed, like Japanese cartoons and  Canadian content is syndicators would not sell them anything.
 Like a Sint, like a big syndication  person literally told a VP, like, I'm never going to sell you a show ever because so much money was  still in the broadcast field, like in, in like broadcast syndication.
 And then cable was just,  yeah, a rocket ship.
 But then like once double their hit that put Nickelodeon on the map.
 And  then they started doing smaller scripted stuff.
 Salute your shorts and hey dude, and then eventually  get into original cartoons.
 And it's just kind of like a stepping stone.
 It just gets bigger and  bigger.
 Yeah.
 I feel like it's what you're saying.
 It's the aesthetic of like orange and it's outside  of the building is so fun to be like for a kid to see.
 And then most of the shows at least leading  up to when they had the Nicktoons, Doug Rugrats and Stimpy, which are all good.
 We all liked those  was most of the shows involved kids running around screaming.
 They would like wild and crazy kids  because running around and screaming kids were screaming in the audience at, at double dare.
  It was a lot of like, I don't know, it was just like a fantasy as a kid to just be like,  I want to get out there and I want to yell and I'm going to do that for a long time and I want to  make a mess.
 I'm just like, it's like a frustration.
 Maybe like as you're a little and you have all  this, you're starting to get all this energy.
 You were watching just like you were watching,  what would you even say? Like you were aspiring to do that.
 You were aspiring to go wild.
  Yeah.
 Wild and crazy kids.
 The only place I go where there's only kids is school and we have to  sit and be quiet.
 Exactly.
 Unless you're on the playground, but that doesn't quite the  playground doesn't look cool.
 It doesn't look cool like these places there's, and then there's  Chuck E cheese and there's discovery zone and stuff, but there's, I don't know, even those  leave you cold in a way.
 Yeah.
 You, if you yell and run around Chuck E cheese, somebody at adult  does say like, don't do that.
 I mean, or a teenager is supposed to tell you to do that, to not do that.
  But yeah, Nickelodeon was just like back to back programs where kids were screaming and making a  mess and it would look nice.
 It looked like a nice break from your life.
 Yeah.
 That was a big  thing early on.
 They're like, yeah, it's kind of hard to be a kid.
 It does kind of suck.
  Looking back, some of the marketing went too far of like the most, the opening day broadcast starts  with like the most oppressed group in history, kids.
 And it's like, Oh, I don't know about all  that.
 I don't know.
 Maybe you're swinging too far in that direction.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I wouldn't say that today, but, but it's, that's what it was all.
 It primed us with a very important  lesson, which is to hate adults.
 Adults are bad and they want you to not be yelling and adults,  you know, all right, your mom and dad are in front of you and you know what they look like,  but every other adult you're ever going to meet has, has like a far side hair, big like horn rim  glasses.
 Yeah.
 And they're always looking at you from a perspective where it looks like fish eye  and they bulge once they get in your face, cause they have to lean down and scold and nag you with  a finger.
 So you're going to meet a lot of gross lunch ladies in your life with big warts.
 So fear  and distrust adults, when possible, spray them with liquids and goo and get them out of your face.
  But don't, don't put yourself in danger.
 And also like all adults are either one of our two types of  stage managers.
 They're either like Harvey from double dare and he's kind of like a cool square  dad, or it's like this maniac from, you can't do that on television.
 Who's just like, I guess it's  just before, you know, the phrase going postal catches on, but like the, the, you can't do that  on TV guys.
 Seemed like he was about to kill someone at all times.
 Ross shouldn't have had  that job.
 No, his job is to organize the show.
 A stage manager puts people where they need to be  for the tapings and the shootings.
 So his entire lot in life is to tell kids to go be on these  points and do what he says.
 Wrong line of work Ross.
 Yeah.
 Ross really big mistake.
 Whoever hired  Ross.
 I feel like, I feel like you just hit on exactly what is stunted a generation.
 Also was  helped a stunted generation is Nickelodeon successfully made us feel, man, adults are awful.
  They are awful.
 They get in your face with their weird lens, faith, their lens heads, their bulbs,  their fish, I heads.
 Uh, and you do not want to be them because they just nag and they tell you not  to do things.
 Don't do that.
 Be like, they dress like it's the fifties.
 It's not the fifties.
 Stop  dressing like it's the fifties.
 And when you go to bed, they watch boring Nick at night with  Dobie Gillis.
 Yeah.
 Lassie.
 Well, sometimes they showed Lassie during the day.
 I guess Lassie falls  on either side of the line.
 Dobie Gillis though.
 Boring.
 Yes.
 Boring.
 Yes.
 I not like Dobie Gillis  as a kid.
 No, no.
 Ozzie and Harriet.
 No, no.
 So they, you know, even Nick at night, I feel like,  were they even intending to draw that connection that like all the mean adults are, it's their  like from the fifties.
 And then we, like the only other culture I know of is like, I just assumed  all parents like wait for us to be gone for the day so they can just mainline old shows on Nick  at night for four hours.
 Yeah.
 To watch Donna Reed all night.
 Oh, there's one.
 Yeah.
 Is Donna  Reed the one where it's triplets? Is it the triplet show? Does Donna read of triplets? I don't think.
  There's one where a girl plays her own sisters.
 Not the Patty Duke show? Maybe that's Patty Duke  show.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They're cousins.
 They're identical cousins.
 Cousins.
 That's in the theme.
  I never bothered to look it up.
 Boring.
 It's what the lunch ladies watch.
 My mom with her big  red perm and her necklace, she would say, you're watching Dobie Gillis and Patty Duke and Donna  Reed and you're learning lessons from these.
 And she would say she would point at me and her head  was like kind of fish eye lens.
 And that's how I know this stuff is because I had that experience.
  Yeah.
 You want some fun.
 Lawrence Welk has a bubble machine.
 That's pretty, pretty out there.
  You know, the difference though, is that you were saying that to your mother.
  That's true.
 I look, this is a podcast.
 We all love Nick at night too.
 I mean,  of course we're doing some jokes.
 We're doing some jokes here.
 Doing some jokes.
 And a lot of what  you're mentioning are blank spots for me because they were not on Nick at night.
 Hogan's heroes  and Dobie Gillis and like that.
 Dobie Gillis was on Nick at night.
 Was it? I never thought Dobie  Gillis and Patty Duke show all on Nick at night.
 But I will say three shows that did not connect  with me.
 I like Dick Faddyke.
 I like, I love Lucy.
 I liked Get Smart.
 I liked all that stuff, but I  did not connect with the other ones as much.
 I really like the stuff that would play both,  like classic Looney Tunes or Rockin' Bullwinkle.
 When they got the Rockin' Bullwinkle rights and  they would like dump it on either Nick at night, I was like, yes, any hour of the day, please.
  Yeah.
 That stuff was fun too.
 But hate adults.
 This is a place to hate adults.
 This is where the war  might begin.
 And that maybe it's worth talking a little about the Nick Studios opening day  special, which Jason alluded to.
 There's a three hour, three hours.
 Three hours.
 You can watch  on YouTube.
 I remember finding this in the past and the video said first hour only.
 And I said,  fuck you.
 Why would you do this to me? I loved this special growing up so much.
 I think they  reran it a lot and I watched it anytime it was on.
 To me, this was like a, like that's an earned  three hour.
 That's like Magnolia.
 Every minute counts.
 And the scope of the story,  I remember thinking like similar to Ernest Goes to Splash Mountain, which I have described as  feeling like a terrifying Cronenberg ordeal because Ernest gets zapped a little bit in it  or turns into a skeleton.
 Similarly, the push and pull between the live opening special with lots of  bands that I've never heard of and Mark Summers and Brad and Melody from Hey Dude in character,  the fun that they're having over there mixed with the villainous presence of awful, the adults who  find fun unbearably loathsome.
 The live broadcast keeps getting interrupted, pirate radioed with  static by this awful group of evil adults.
 And I just bought this hook line and sinker.
 This was  like, I mean, as scary as if anybody's scared by the jokers interrupting things or like the tapes  that he makes, Anthony Michael Hall, the news anchor Reed, I was so terrified by awful,  which now you watch and it's just the like broadest Groundlings rejects actors you've ever seen.
  But this was like an epic film to me.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 I don't have a good memory of watching this at the time.
 I don't know.
 It's hard because so  much of it is familiar, but I don't think I did.
 I don't want to say I watched this because I don't  think I don't have a strong memory about it.
 But going back through it, yeah, that as I've said  before on the coming out of Rochelle's episode and that was live obviously, but like Shredder,  he's obviously, he looks, he looks scary to a kid, but Shredder is very silly in that.
 And I was just  terrified that this man would take away our fun.
 And I'm sure I would have felt the same way about  these adults in this video where I would just be like, Oh, I cannot believe what they're trying to  do here.
 These are the, these are the scariest people I've ever seen.
 Yeah.
  These twisted bastards.
 Yeah.
  Must be stopped at all costs.
 Sickos.
  Because the, the not nothing beyond the first hour had been on YouTube until recently.
 I just,  I just remember the, whatever the end of it looming large, similar to, to like Boyd,  I think Earth's Coast is Splash Mountain was the scariest thing I'd ever seen.
 And then I watched  it like that was it was like 10 seconds that I, my kid brain just fuzzed into oblivion.
 I, I just,  and I announced to Aaron when we rewatching it, like whatever this end is, let me just declare  that I thought that specifically the ending was like the scariest thing I've ever seen.
  I don't know if you guys watched the special and know what the ending was.
 I don't know.
 What is  the, yeah, what is the end? I ended up watching like multiple perfect gentlemen performances,  but I don't think I gentlemen are good.
 I love those suits and they're great singers.
  Perfect gentlemen.
 Yeah.
 A lot of time is seeded to the performance from this kind of like sub new  edition in polka dot bright color polka dot suits.
 They kind of, it's sort of Dick Tracy villain-esque  and you wonder who are perfect gentlemen.
 And it is, they are, one of them is the kid of Marie Star,  the mastermind of new edition and new kids on the block.
 So he was attempting to do this with his own  kid.
 Okay.
 So not great success seemingly being that I only know them from dancing in front of  the double dare set in this one thing.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, perfect gentlemen.
 But you get past all  that.
 You get to the end.
 The end is like they have to like tap into a slime valve to stop the  adults of awful who are trying to stop Nick Studios from ever opening because they're like,  if they're, there cannot be a world headquarters for kids.
 If this place opens, we awful are screwed.
  So they're in a, in a live acted out segment, Mark Summers, other kids who I've never seen on any show,  but I don't know who they are.
 And then like a contest winner are all just fake shaking around  as if there's some, you know, earthquake or turbulent kind of situation in the building.
  So they're like bopping around like a bad play.
 The camera's shaking around all fake.
 Then the  contest winner misses a cue, turning a big dial that makes slime release into the room that off  the pre-taped room that awful is in.
 And then like, you know, uh, like a, a two liter soda bottle  worth of slime unleashes at their feet.
 And they're like curses.
 You foiled it.
 Oh, your studio.
  We'll be watching you.
 Um, it is the most nothing of nothings.
 There's clearly a cue missed and Mark  Summers is silent for a while and trying to fill space because something didn't happen that he  wanted to have that needed to happen.
 Um, no idea why I found this.
 So in your mind, it was like a  snuff film of some kind at the end or the actually everything you say about hellraiser.
 Yeah.
 I thought  there might've been like the actual death in it.
 They're like, it was going to cut to like a, you  know, like that creepy Fox corpse getting eaten by the maggots.
 It was going to be something as  disturbing as that.
 And then it cuts to Mark Summers bopping around.
 Whoa.
 This is how they  killed Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, the spies.
 He flooded the room with slime.
 Um, I was just going  to say, why is aesthetic for scary adult like Roz from monsters, ink with those glasses? It's  like an older stern lady with those like fifties glasses.
 What, what is the origin of that being  like a mean adult? You know what I'm saying? There's gotta be a specific, who started it?  I'm not sure.
 Like those are the light famous librarian, like who was mean and wore those  glasses.
 Like those, I don't know.
 It's just interesting that that's lasted for so long  and you still see it as like a trope of like kind of a stern older lady.
 I think sitcom character  Hazel look like.
 What were you going to say, Jason? Well, I think like, uh, like a lot of stuff,  I think it was like one or two TV writers had a teacher like that and use that as a template  for a character.
 Just like, did, did every TV writer have bad luck like with, with, you know,  boys and girls or girls they liked, or is that just the sort of person that is attracted to  making television? Like, perhaps Hazel did not have the glass.
 Hazel did not.
 But maybe there's  something else.
 There's, yeah, there's, there's, it's, it's gotta come from one place.
 And if we  knew it.
 So if you know where like scary horn rim glasses, dowdy adults came from listener,  if you can direct us to why the stereotype, uh, still maintains in a way, please let us know.
  Yes.
 It's or that was just a style of educating teachers.
 Like, okay, you can be a strict,  like you're either going to be a strict teacher or fun teacher.
 We can't have too many of both.
  We can't have too many strict teachers or the kids fucking check out.
 We can't have too many  fun teachers or nothing gets done.
 You gotta have a balance.
 Pick your lane.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, the, um,  in general, this Nickelodeon opening day special, and by the way, I think it's really insane that  this entire thing is going on while universal studios, Florida entirely is opening and having  all of the problems that it's happened lately.
 Like that's one of the more notorious bad opening  days because so many of the big attractions broke.
 And then also you got Mark Summers going live  with the Hey Dude cast and, uh, acting out all these weird little scenes.
 Jane Seymour pops by  at some point.
 Yeah.
 Very odd celebrity assortment.
 Uh, Linda Blair, Linda Blair.
 She's in a, uh,  remote.
 We also need to, a key to this is said very early in the broadcast, right at the top.
  He's Mark Summers says this is the first ever live broadcast Nickelodeon live broadcast.
  And you can 11 years in 11 years.
 And you can tell because a number of times they have people  on camera and they have not turned off the channel with the warmup guy is like, all right,  now everyone's sheer, like you're hearing two different parts of the room at once and you  should not be.
 And it's like overshadowing the guy who played super boy that the girls  either have a crush on or they're pretending they have a crush on.
  Yes.
 Super boy.
 Yeah.
 There's so much like they're just filming a live broadcast in a big party and  you're always hearing the party.
 It's never not present.
 Um, so like there's an interview,  Steven Spielberg is there.
 There's an interview with Spielberg and there's a bunch of like noise  interrupting him.
 He seems distracted.
 Um, and Spielberg, I didn't, I didn't know this part of  it at all.
 Um, that Spielberg gets slimed.
 We have to watch Steven Spielberg gets slimed.
 Very cool.
  Yeah.
 Fun.
 Uh, he and Mark Summers, what a crazy seeing these guys together.
  Spielberg, two legends meet at Spielberg plays along to, he's into like a construction hat,  construction helmet and like poncho.
 And he goes like, I don't trust you and I don't trust your  network.
 Like he, um, he also makes sure to tell Mark summer that he, uh, doesn't picking a favorite  movie is like picking a favorite child, but making empire of the sun was a great experience.
  It's, I guess he did pick, um, let me show you another crazy one.
 This is, uh, when I did a deep  dive on a, a Facebook group with a lot of good photos that I think is called Nickelodeon studios,  past, present and future.
 Um, this is, this is a little crazy to see.
 Um, here's a shot from  outside Nickelodeon studios, I believe on that very day.
 And, uh, who do we have here? Oh,  the man himself Lucas, George Lucas at Nickelodeon studios.
 I had no idea this occurred.
 I don't  know what he's doing.
 He's maybe just like popping by to see a little, a little shoot happen, but,  um, that's, that's a, that's a wild like combat.
 Like these, those things don't go together for me,  the Nickelodeon splat and George Lucas, those are different universes.
 So crazy seeing them collide.
  That is wild.
 Was he down there? Yeah.
 For to see Spielberg as Spielberg obviously was,  this was involved pretty heavily with universal studios.
 So it would make sense that either he  was down there for some other reason and they got him or just making an appearance to help boost the  place or whatever.
 But yeah, George is George's along for the ride.
 The cab, who knows the source  of the caption.
 The captions seem to imply that he was there with Spielberg, but I hadn't thought  about that either that he's so on the Disney side of the line.
 So seeing him at universal studios is  kind of strange too.
 Yeah, he didn't do it.
 George didn't produce like super sloppy double dare or  something.
 Did he? Do we don't know? I want to make it, can we make it sloppier? Um, that I don't want  to get on this tangent because this is its own thing, but, um, for the, for the second time in  a little bit, let me name check, uh, fellow forever dog podcast, double threat, uh, which played a  clip.
 I sent you guys this of the show of a, uh, not Nickelodeon studios, but a different shot at  universal Florida game show called, let me, it's the clunkiest name of all time.
 Let me see if I  get it.
 Secrets of the crypt keepers haunted house.
 The game show is a game show, but it's called  secrets.
 Like so clearly a legends of the hidden temple stand in weirdest cheapest thing ever.
 I  was so delighted by this, never knew this existed.
 It's a, it's a tales from the crypt game show.
  And because of the tales of the Crip connection and the Crip keepers in it, they have to give  producing credits to all of the, the producers of the show, which include, uh, Robert Zemeckis and,  who's the Richard Donner.
 It's the crappiest, like worst 96 CGI you've ever seen.
 And just like,  it's for bad kids and they have attitude and they're like, screw you dude.
 And then you see a big  Zemeckis Richard Donner shared credit on this syndicated crap is amazing.
  And that's, that was the Nickelodeon difference.
 You could tell they were just a little loose.
  They were a little like wilder, a little less like buttoned up about stuff.
 You know, obviously  it's it's Nickelodeon stuff is made by, you know, uh, development people and marketing people too,  but it, it just felt like they were having more fun, you know?  Yeah, it seemed like a real like, um, you know, like let's actually have fun in this new space  and not like focus group this stuff into oblivion focus group it in the right way,  like find out what kids want, but then not like note things within an inch of their life.
  I think the vibe too was that like once they greenlit something, they were very hands off.
  They just let the people making it make it.
 So yeah, it wasn't like, um, you know,  chaperone to death.
 There wasn't a lot of people looking over your shoulder.
  It was like, yeah, the, like the seventies filmmaker revolution was Scorsese and, uh,  Altman.
 It was like that.
 But for kids TV in the nineties, it was like, you know,  the auteurs could really go and do their thing.
 Get to get the kids sloppy in any, which way they  wanted slime, Gac pies, pie coasters, pie throwers.
 The law.
 Yeah.
 Your imagination was the limit in  the nineties where how messy you could get kids.
 I really want it real quick.
 Uh, I was zooming  through this thing, uh, and I noticed that they have all the commercials on this thing too,  which is great, which is obviously we could do an episode on each commercial.
 Yes.
 Kid quiz.
 Do  you remember kid cuisine? I, a real treat.
 I was not allowed to have kid cuisine.
 I tried and I  tried, but I was not allowed to have it.
 My mom thought it was junk.
 I'm sure she was correct,  but man, that food in that commercial looks like shit.
 Of course they say is pizza.
 If they didn't  say it out loud, this is pizza.
 I wouldn't recognize it.
 And Erin and I were both recoiling  while watching that ad.
 And then she said, I definitely specifically recall throwing up  because of kid cuisine definitely happened.
 Uh huh.
 Uh, and I quit real quick and I, I don't know  the name of that.
 Like there's a bear chef on the, on the image.
 I don't know his name.
 I only  briefly took a look.
 There is a character that's now the kid cuisine still exists.
  And he has a kid, there's a new mascot and his name is Casey  and he's like a cool duck with a jacket that says Casey.
 And he's like, he's like a real like slick  kind of guy.
 He's kind of like, Oh yeah, maybe he's a pet.
 Or is he a black duck, like Daffy?  I think he could, I think he's a duck, but I guess you're right.
 It could be a penguin as well.
 Does  it say frozen? It's frozen food.
 So it's probably a penguin.
 Yeah.
 Um, but it says, what do you,  what do you love? And he says, keeping the fun going by giving kids their favorite foods and  real meals that are still really fun and getting the last laugh when I can.
 Now that's suspicious.
  I agree it is.
 So then they say, Hey, what do you dislike? And he says, just like any other kid,  I don't like for the fun to stop even at meal time.
 Uh, and then how would you think,  I'm just going to do the last, but yeah, sorry.
 How would you describe your personality? He says,  playful and curious.
 That's because I wear a lot of hats.
 You can tell if you look at me,  look at all my different meal boxes.
 A man's gotta have a code.
 And sometimes that means  watching someone's soul leave their body because of violence he did to them.
 Rock and roll.
  Yeah.
 The best question though, I feel is the question.
 What's your full name? And Casey says  kid cuisine is it's not just the abstract idea of cuisine for kids.
 His name is kid.
  Was it like name is kid quick or something? Right.
 It's a, it's a final evolution of that  theory of like picks up every Pixar thing is like, you are your job.
  Casey is kid cuisine.
 Um, and he is, he is being literal with his hats.
 He wears a,  like an uncle Sam top hat for his all American chicken breast nuggets.
  And, uh, he's wearing, what is he wearing in this? Uh, what's that? What are we looking?  I recognize the mac and cheese.
 What's next to the mac and cheese? Is it a roll? Is that a big  roll? This thing you're guessing? It's Casey's strawberry cake.
 Oh, it looks awful.
 Oh man.
  Never changed.
 Uh, gross today as ever.
 Pop star popcorn chicken.
  There's that cake again.
 And the strawberry Casey's strawberry roll.
 That's like insulation.
  That's foam.
 It looks like if I squinted, you'd go, is that someone's tongue that was cut out of  their mouth? Scott, if you ever let us babysit your child, we're going to feed them garbage.
  So we have a reason to sample the garbage.
 Hey, here's your kid cuisine.
 And for me,  another kid cuisine, the same one you are eating.
  You just gave him mini corn dogs and strawberry cake.
 Yeah.
 Two food groups, two major food groups.
  Not fruit.
 Uh, yeah.
 And you'll, you're, uh, he'll, he'll be, uh, coloring kid cuisine coloring pages  that let the parents know that this is advertising.
 It's a fun coloring page that we're looking at.
  And at the top and smaller font, it says, Hey parents, this is advertising from kid cuisine.
  Yeah.
 So I think there's more kid cuisine to look into, but I just, I got a little,  I got a little taste here and I felt like we'll go back and see which, what the names later of the  old characters.
 And I was obsessed with it.
 I just, it was such a strong memory of like being like,  mom, please, please.
 And she's like, that's bad.
 That's food is bad.
 We can't get that.
  You're right.
 You made my, made my future wife sick.
  Our parents had to lay down some boundaries.
 Mine was we did not get Dunkaroos.
 I don't know why.
  Other kids got Dunkaroos and I just kind of, and I would have it sometimes at friends house,  but I was like, you know, we don't do that.
 And I think my mom was just like, ah, they're too  expensive, which probably means like it was, you know, uh, $3 a box instead of a dollar 50,  like little Debbie's, they practically pay you to take it away.
 But hostess,  I think has a couple actual ingredients, not a lot, but hostess was always more money,  but little Debbie's is always dirt cheap, you know?  And you were a little Debbie family.
 We were a little Debbie family back East too.
 There's a  lot more variety in Debbie single serve Debbie content.
 Like I think my school made a small  fortune on selling single serve little Debbie packages.
 I hate to bring us right back in the  Kid Cuisine territory, but take a look at this real quick.
 Take a look.
 It's an advertising break.
  This is a commercial break.
 Oh, no, no, no.
  Kid Cuisine Shrek shaped fun nuggets.
 Turn your tongue green with Shrek shaped fun nuggets.
  Shrek shaped fun nuggets.
 Wait, and look what turns your tongue green.
 Swamp pudding.
  It's not even spinach.
 It's that's the dessert.
 It's green dessert.
  Shrek nuggets are, oh, they are Shrek shaped.
 They have little ears like him.
  I genuinely, this does not happen to me.
 I feel a little nauseous and it's less looking at the food  and more the words.
 I think Shrek shaped.
 I'm like, I think I'm gurgling up a little Shrek shaped  fun nuggets and swamp pudding are really doing a number on me.
 Okay.
 Let me say to the listener  out there, a quick little assignment.
 If you're with somebody in your apartment or house or  something, turn to them.
 And if they're listening or not, it doesn't matter.
 And say, I'm going to  say a phrase to you and I want you to react to it in real time and know that the phrase is something  that existed in real life.
 And then say Shrek shaped fun nuggets and see what the reaction is.
  And then we'll tweet about it and you can tweet at us what this person's reaction was to Shrek  shaped fun nuggets.
 I like this is this is a trigger.
 This is like, I, this is as if I went  to see a hypnotist show 15 years ago and the secret word.
 And then when you hear Shrek shaped  fun nuggets, you will vomit on command.
 It'll be nauseous for an entire day.
 You are a Manchurian  candidate now.
 You have been, you are now the winter soldier.
 You've been, you've been activated.
  I have to go puke on Biden now.
  You meet your cohorts and you say, I saw her face and they say, I'm a believer.
  I thought love was only true in fairy tales.
  This is wow.
 Awful.
 Anyway, all right.
 I got Kim Possible's involved.
 Yeah,  I got to get out of here.
 And yeah, I'm, I know for me to be able to speak anymore.
 What are those?  What's that black stuff? What's it? It's next to Chewbacca.
 Is that like a,  those are like little crispies that look like Darth Vader's helmet.
 Oh my God.
 Some weird  YouTube video with a man and a weird mask popped up.
 It's a scary puppet, like the old Genesis  video.
 And it's an ASMR video somehow, but it's with little crackers that look like Darth Vader's  helmet.
 This is the darkest territory we've been in in a while.
 Wow.
 This is, yeah, there's a really  kid cuisine here.
 Can you read? I'm trying to read what it is.
 No, it's pretty pixelated.
  BBA and R2D2 shaped breaded white meat.
  No.
 Chicken.
 Wait, hold on.
 I'm going to take the microphone off the stand here.
  Uh, chicken patties with rib meat, corn pasta and cheese sauce and battle cookies.
  Oh, it's like little death stars.
 Yeah, they're battle cookies.
 Battle cookies.
  Oh, I genuinely, I, this has to be off the screen.
 This has to, I have to hide the zoom window soon.
  Okay.
 All right.
 I'll stop sharing here.
 Uh, man.
 This is going to unleash some madness.
  We're now to like keep trolling me.
 The listeners will like film themselves happily eating kid  cuisine and swamp pudding and battle cookies while their insides just rot.
 I want the next live show.
  Every listener brings got some swamp pudding.
  I, what I fear when we're back recording in person, we're making a little, a little  tasting board of kid cuisine for us to enjoy.
 Oh, damn it.
 Let's stay on zoom.
  Oh yeah.
 We got to do kid cuisine as soon as we're back in person.
  Country bears off.
 Kid cuisine on.
 Kid cuisine on.
 Wait, Scott's going to be mainlining the  sleepy time tea supplies.
 He's going to be mainlining the tea to try and settle his stomach.
  I am not, I'm not having one lick of any of this.
 The challenge is for me to be able to look at it  in front of my actual eyes.
 That's what I, if I could survive that, that's the challenge.
  Eating is off the table.
 Oh, I just scrolled.
 I just scrolled again through the kid cuisine  and I saw the pizza and I went, like I went, I felt it.
 I felt what you're talking about.
 I'm like,  it's just, I don't, if this is going to be prepared, it's not going to be in my microwave.
  This needs to be, this needs to, if we're, if we're doing it in my place, this has to have an off site  is that you need to find an industrial kitchen that will prepare it.
  Ghost kitchen.
 We, the podcast, the ride goes kitchen.
  Oh man.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Let's get, let's commercial break over, disgusting commercial  break over.
 I have, we will get off of this opening ceremony.
 I have one more thing to say about it  that I really like, which is there is a continuing presence in it from a young Will Friedel,  Will Friedel later from boy meets world who is I think really, really funny.
 He's the older brother  on that show.
 You see him as a kid.
 He, he does a, he does a rap song that's about editing and  graphics and like old analog editing equipment that isn't used anymore.
 I think they played this on  the tour, Will Friedel rapping.
 He's charming throughout, but there is this part, I don't know  if you guys found this where a, he talks to some skaters from the about to premiere Nick show  skate TV.
 So there's a couple of skaters and they're going to do tricks around, around universal  studios in the Hollywood Boulevard area.
 And Will Friedel is a little like, I think he reminds me of  little me because he's got big cheeks and brown hair and he's just got like an upbeat attitude.
  So I see myself in it.
 Like, this seems like a sweet, nice kid.
 And then he's with these taller,  jerkier, older skaters and he's trying to be nice to him and ask him questions about skating.
  And he says, uh, well, where do you guys skate pretty much? And they're like, you know, ramps and  pools.
 They're giving him nothing.
 And then he's like, oh, pools.
 Is that pretty tough to skate on,  you know, with the water? And then one of the skaters says, no, we do it empty idiot.
  And they use this, they use it on the scene, the special and it's real.
 It for sure is  the 16 year old Jackass calling the host of the show an idiot.
 It really broke my art for young  Wilfredo.
 I mean, I'm glad they left it in.
 They wouldn't do that today, but,  but it's all skate TV jerks.
 How dare you.
  That old TV thing where like they didn't make sure everything was good or like,  like I've, I've talked about it on old tonight show clips where it's just like,  no one had, no one was editing this.
 They were like, yep, great.
 Put it on TV.
 We, we shot it,  go for it.
 You know, what's funny is you talk about old tonight show clips and the sloppiness  of old tonight show.
 And you think of people like Burt Reynolds being drunk or just, uh, you know,  not together on the Carson tonight show.
 And then a rare moment that was like this in the later era  on Jay Leno was the Burt Reynolds, Mark Summers feud.
 Yes.
 One of the only major memories I feel  of the Leno tonight show.
 I don't remember how it escalate where they, where they just like,  kind of like zinging each other and then it went too far and Burt was actually mad and, uh,  and then it culminates in some sort of like they turn their backs, take a couple of steps and do a,  do a duel with pies.
 Am I, you guys know this clip? I have seen this clip.
 I'm trying to remember  how it starts.
 Mark is like very passive aggressive toward Burt, but Burt probably said something  jerky to start Mark off on that track.
 So they're going back and forth and then Mark like splash,  or no Burt splashes.
 I forget who splashes like water first on them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh,  very Andy Kaufman esque.
 It's kind of for something in like 95, 96, you're like, this is pretty  old school feeling.
 So I commend Mark Summers for engaging in this talk show.
 Yeah.
 The danger,  the danger of it.
 Uh, yes, you don't feel that any, like it wouldn't air if that happened on  Jimmy Fallon and it wouldn't happen on Jimmy Fallon cause everything's like planned out very  specifically.
 I'm of course talking about when I say like, when I'm talking about like nothing was  planned or it was boring or a little more raw.
 I'm talking about a interview I just watched two  nights ago where Richard Dawson was a guest host in the tonight show with William Shatner on,  and they were boring the shit out of everyone.
 Just nothing, no interesting thing to say.
  Yeah.
 You forget the golden age of TV.
 A lot of it is spliced together in montages or best  if you watch, like there's a bunch of Johnny Carson stuff on Tubi and, um, there's a lot of  audience silence during some of those monologue, like the monologue is very lazy, like barely got,  got those jokes out, you know? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, yeah, no, I, we, we start to think that,  like that thing where the guy throws the tomahawk and it lands in the, uh, there's a little shape  of the body and it lands at the crotch.
 Yeah.
 Like that's an old famous Carson clip.
 Like we  think that happened like over and over and over again.
 There were 40 crotch tomahawks per episode.
  But in fact, that was the one good thing that happened in 10 years.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 He's the king  of TV though.
 Let me say, well, okay, you talk kings of TV.
 My childhood affection for Mark Summers  was so strong.
 Um, like I really do.
 It's almost weird to me that he's a real person  because with his universal studios presence, he almost is like King Kong or jaws to me.
 He's  almost otherworldly.
 I liked him as much as I liked Michelangelo.
 Like, you know what I mean?  Like he was a pillar of what I watched as a kid so that there, that it is a real man.
 Um, I liked  him so much, just so charming and everything always love double dare.
 Love.
 What would you do  the best? And then we were a little older unwrapped started and I was just like, there's my friend.
  He's back doing a new job.
 Yeah.
 That was a similar feeling I had when like Keenan Thompson was on  Saturday Night Live.
 I was like, oh, he made it out.
 He made it from my kid interests to my adult  interests.
 And the same thing with Mark Summers were like when unwrapped started, it was like,  whoa, hey, that's cool.
 There is life after.
 Yeah.
 Like, cause a lot of people don't get out.
  They're sort of stuck in kid world or they aren't.
 And yeah, no, he's, he's got a pretty big like  reality career.
 Um, my little thing of like how I came the closest to living my Nickelodeon dreams,  cause I was never on a show.
 I was never slimed.
 I was too scared to audition.
 Um, but about 10  years ago at this point, Funny or Die produced a Double Dare themed music video.
 There was a  full recreation of the set and they got Mark Summers to participate.
 This was a music video for  one of history's great bands.
 I'm talking of course about Good Charlotte.
 Um, so, uh, I just,  my friends, Josh Martin and Ryan McNeely, uh, oh, you guys know them too.
 They, uh, they put this  together and I was in the right place at the right time and they asked if I wanted to be like a  helper, like the, um, uh, I guess a Harvey or more like one of the people like helping with the games  and like, you know, cleaning up water balloon spill and stuff.
 So I got the shirts.
 I got to be in a  shirt.
 Erin came, she did it too.
 Fellow, uh, podcast, podcaster, uh, Ryan Stanger is in it,  unrecognizable in his mega long hair that he used to have.
 Um, anyway, just, um, this was like  the dream of all dreams.
 I'm on a recreated Double Dare set with Mark Summers, be standing in the  wings in a shirt.
 And then he does the thing.
 He does the on your mark, get set, go such chills,  heart beating so fast.
 The coolest thing ever.
 And then the greatest thing was that, um, you know,  probably a situation they encountered in the early days of Double Dare.
 Um, the setup to do this  thing was just mammoth.
 It was so crazy to flip it from the game show part to the physical challenge  or obstacle course part.
 It took forever.
 And Mark Summers was just standing around and then me and  everybody else who were wearing the Double Dare shirts and who grew up watching him all kind of  poked around and like, Hey, so, uh, is this cool to be here? And he just told us stories for 90  minutes.
 Everything you would ever want to hear the nicest guy, the greatest guy, everybody got  pictures with him.
 Like I am just glowing in my Mark Summers, uh, uh, experience.
 Um, he, and he's  just volunteering.
 Like, well, you probably also want to hear about that.
 Uh, uh, what's the, the,  the Magic Castle special I did.
 Oh yes, of course.
 Yes.
 We'd love to hear about that.
  He just like volunteered, like everything you'd ever want to hear at a Q and a, but just for us.
  Um, so, so cool.
 Um, so if you want to see that and hear a great, good Charlotte song,  and I don't know if it's in the cut, but you might get to see my wife fish up high out of Benji Madden's  pants.
 Um, so if you have any desire, I've heard, was he, uh, he's like a tabloid famous person,  right? Was he married to, I think was he married to Hillary Duff, Hillary Duff, perhaps.
 Yeah.
  I think, I think so.
 Um, did the other one married Nicole Richie? Am I wrong? Or maybe I'm mixing  those up.
 Yeah.
 Um, I wonder if this is the rare place that the, the good Charlotte people were  where like no one on the set is fawning over them.
 Like the, not one person is like trying to get  pictures or autographs.
 Like it's just bees to honey for Mark Summers.
 Wait, no, Benji is married  to Cameron Diaz.
 Whoa.
 Now? Oh, she's married to Cameron Diaz.
 I was right about Joel Madden being  married to Nicole Richie, but I did not realize really Cameron Diaz is married to Benji.
 Wow.
  Or at least was.
 Yeah.
 We gotta keep up with us weekly.
 We're not reading the tabloids like we  should.
 I feel like sometimes I know what I'm talking about.
 Let me hear.
 Let's see.
 I'm gonna  yeah, Jason's right.
 2015.
 Wow.
 All right.
 Hmm.
 And here I am like being snarky about him  on this podcast.
 Well, yes, they're a list.
 The man who has $500 million.
 I mean, they were very big  when we were teenagers.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Geez.
 Well, anyways, yes.
 Watch these A-listers and I'm  in the, I'm in the background.
 So that, that's my, that's my Mark Summers enthusiasm.
 I don't know.
  What else are we like excited about in terms of what you could see there, that what was taped  there? What are the, what are the big tent poles of this place? Yeah.
 I mean, when I toured it,  I asked my dad, like, was anything taping? Because you would go through, they had like big glass  windows, big soundproof glass windows.
 So you could look in on makeup and hair.
 There's, there's  footage of Mark Summers complaining about, like, you have to turn the mic.
 I don't want people  watching me get my makeup done.
 This is weird.
 And, and so there were all these little fish  balls.
 You would go above the sound stage, like up by the lights and you could look down on the set.
  I think I asked my dad, his memory is that double-deer.
 I don't think like was in the  middle of a game when we were there, but at least the set was standing and we saw the set.
  And so I'm sure it was either dark or there was just some guys, you know, coiling cables.
  Because that's the thing.
 If you take a tour of sound stages or a movie studio, a lot,  you're going to see a lot of silence because, you know, when you film stuff, they're trying to  record sound.
 So like, they did plan this to be like both a working exhibit where like people  could go through and tour it while stuff was filming.
 But there, there was some sparse areas,  certainly the courtyard by the slime guys are, well, it was thrilling to see the slime guys are,  it was kind of empty.
 Otherwise an occasional photo op, a small gift shop, kiosk kind of thing.
  But yeah, if they like, you imagine it always being like, you imagine there was some party  going on there all the time, whether or not there was show was taping just because you'd see it.
  I feel like with what would you do, they started using that zone all the time.
 So you imagine  there's always some hubbub.
 But yeah, it was pretty little sleepy, little like photo ops.
  I also will say my recollection of slime guys are, is that my kid memory made it 200 feet tall.
  Getting there and realizing like, oh, this is like a, you know, like a PVC pipe art exhibit that  like a handy little collective would make, you know?  Yeah.
 And the thing you may forget is the ground of the courtyard was black asphalt and it was  always very wet because the slime guys are kind of splashed or wasn't kept up well.
 Like  it was always so wet over there, but largely silent except for like the like fake sirens  when the slime guys are would kind of erupt and it was water.
 I mean, it was mostly water.
  There was some tubes that were dyed green, you know, and there was like fake fog.
  I remember that that that's another thing that disappointed me a little is that I,  I probably watched whatever, you know, launch of it there was or opening of the slime guys,  or there was, and like I'm picturing just the deepest greenest slime.
 And then it is like,  it's, it's like murky water.
 It's like sewer water, basically.
 Like that's the,  what came out of that guys are looked disgusting.
 Oh yeah.
 That's the whole,  I'm trying to think like everything, everything looked disgusting to me at the time it like,  I think I was always like thinking logistically too.
 Like if I got hit with this stuff from the  guys or what am I going to do? Am I going to get a new shirt? I don't want to put a different  shirt on because like, I remember how traumatic it was for me when I did.
 And I posted that already  and I talked about it on the Chicago show.
 I sang a song with my mother, which I'm blanking on the  name of it.
 Gloria Estefan, Gloria Estefan song.
 And because there was a green screen  behind me, I had to put a different shirt on that they had in the actual studio.
 And it was weird.
  I hated it.
 I hated, I remember this really well.
 Like this is not my shirt and I'm wearing it.
  So I had like these like paranoid feelings about like, if I hit hit with that fountain,  I'm going to have to put on a new shirt and I don't want to do that.
 It's not my shirt.
  Well, when they would slime the kid in the pool and again, the smallest amount of slime, like a,  like a orange home Depot bucket, half filled worth of slime.
 He's there.
 They would put the kids  yet in another outfit or a pair of coveralls with like a helmet and goggles.
 And the other thing is  slime.
 It's mostly like cornstarch and water and dot.
 Like we would make slime so much in elementary  school science class and middle school science.
 I can't die.
 The number of hours that science  teachers ate up making slime in the 90 where they're like, Oh my God, I'm hung over.
 I have to,  it's experiment day.
 They're making slime.
 That's the other thing.
 Slime is always edible too.
  There's footage of Mark summers eating it in the, in the opening day special.
  How much slime did you guys have as kids? And it didn't have to be Nickelodeon brand slime.
  Cause at a certain point they started making like GAC and you could buy that, which we had a thing  of GAC at home, which was not quite slime.
 It was a little bit more like a spongy than slime,  but slime would come in my Ghostbuster toys.
 My Ninja turtle toys.
 There was a catapult thing  that would come with like slime and you'd always have in a little like bucket or like not bucket,  like almost like a Play-Doh container.
 And I, we had slime around the house.
 We care.
 We,  we kept slime in the house because of how much many toys came with the slime.
  Yeah.
 Multiple IPs, I guess all had like green slime.
 A lot of different sources of green slime.
  You would, you could buy separate retro mutagenoos for the Ninja turtles, which I think we probably  had an extra little thing of slime just in case we needed it.
 In case during my play.
  There's a blackout or a storm.
 If there was a pandemic at that time,  there would be a run on slime and we would have at least had some in the house in case.
  We were very, our slime was rationed.
 Like I, if we made it in school, we usually came home  in like a grungy Ziploc bag or a sandwich bag and we could keep playing with it until it started to  break down.
 I feel like my mom, if a toy came with slime, we either used it until it like dried out  or she like palmed it like, and like, so we didn't have it.
 I remember once going to Chuck E.
 Cheese  and getting a free thing of Gack.
 Like that was like, I was like, we got to go to Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  They're giving away free Gack and it was pizza.
 It smelled like pizza.
 It was special pizza Gack.
  What? Yes.
 It's, it smelled like pizza.
 We got home, we opened it and it smelled like  garlic that had gone bad.
 And my mom was like, this is going in the trash.
  I'm a little sad, but I also can't disagree with you too hard, but I feel like a fool that we,  we went through all that to get free Gack.
 Oh, wow.
 Smell.
 Here it is.
 Smell my Gack.
  Okay, Scott, did you ever have Gack? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I believe I had one reasonable container of Gack,  but it didn't smell because we didn't have a Gack that smelled.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a, wow,  interesting.
 And then there was smud and floam as well.
 Floam was fun.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Floam had some  like physical properties, right? It was like little, almost like, like mustard seeds.
 Right.
  Yes.
 The little, the tiny balls made it stand out.
 There was texture to it.
 Yeah.
 So yeah,  I feel like slime and I don't know, do kids, do the kids today, are they? Oh,  there was a big slime trend a couple of years ago.
 Kids were crazy for people were making slime.
  There's slime TikToks and Snapchat.
 I've seen like Mentos and like soda TikToks recently.
 I've seen  a lot of that.
 That's back.
 We're just not, we're in a new, we're in a new cool packaging of Mentos  and Coke.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 There's, I saw like three of them yesterday going through like YouTube,  whatever fleets, whatever YouTube calls fleets or whether it's version of TikTok.
  Have I talked about that on the show? The men, when I was a PA and I had to help the Mentos and  soda guys set up a massive rig of Mentos and soda on the Vegas strip.
 EP Bird? Huh? Was it a group  called EP Bird? I think so.
 We were outside of Caesar's Palace and we had to do this and then  clear it up real quick.
 Cause Don Rickles was getting a lifetime achievement award.
  What was this for? I was a PA at what was called the Comedy Festival in Las Vegas  at Caesar's Palace.
 I lived in Caesar's Palace for like 10 days, like in 2006, working this event.
  Lucky.
 Lucky.
 People were, the audiences were drunk and unruly and no one seemed super happy  to be there.
 Both performers and audience.
 Zach Galvanakis was very nice.
 We had to  scramble to get him a big pad so he could write it on.
 And he was super cool.
  A big pad? Not like a, what's a big pad? Like a big pad of paper when he would do the bits  where he tears off the jokes.
 Oh, the bit where he tears the.
.
.
 The big pads.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Zach  Galvanakis is an incontinent.
 Okay.
 No, no, he's not.
 No.
 But yeah, I had to set up, they had rigged,  they had just bottles and bottles of soda and we had, they had invented these capsules that you  would pull a string out of that would drop the Mentos into the soda thing.
 So it was just a  massive puddle of Diet Coke in the like promenade at Caesar's Palace.
 Was it two guys in lab coats?  Yes, it was.
 Definitely.
 Yeah.
 I might, like I had this editing job in 2008, 2009, where we did a ton  of work with those guys.
 Like they had cornered the, we are the Diet Coke Mentos guys.
 And then  there was this whole thing where we've, we're doing our new exp.
.
.
 We're not just the Diet Coke Mentos  guys.
 We've got a new experiment for you.
 It is sticky pads, like, like, like Post-It notes.
 And  they were going to like do, it was going to be like a bunch of cool designs where like Post-It notes  flowed like water.
 And we made all these videos with Post-It notes flying around and no one liked  any of this.
 Nobody cares.
 That's not remotely as cool as Diet Coke and Mentos.
 There's this long,  arduous project that was a tie-in like EP Bird's special Post-It note experiment to promote ABC  family's Samurai Girl.
 What do you, what's any of this? What is the.
.
.
 Those guys were nice.
  I think they were having a lot of fun.
 They had other jobs.
 They kind of fell into it and they were,  they were nice guys.
 And in my experience, I don't know.
 I never met them, so I don't know.
 Yes, they  could be perfectly nice.
 So, but yeah, but that similar appeal, like, oh, you make a big mess.
  That was what Nickelodeon, you weren't, like Mike said, we were saying earlier, you make a big mess  and you're not allowed to do that in your home, but you can do it at Nickelodeon.
 Well, this is maybe  a good point to talk about one of the big temples of the tour, which is the Gack Kitchen.
 That was  sort of the, you know, because the other things that you see, I think you are outside a like  control booth.
 I watched a video where, you know, you're at all the monitors and the switchers and  like the director who's calling the shots up there and they prove that the glass is soundproof by  having a bunch of people all scream Nickelodeon at the top of their lungs.
 Yes.
 If you could hear it,  what an annoying place to work.
 I guess you couldn't.
 The person didn't turn around, but it's,  you know, it's cool.
 And I ate all this up as a kid.
 Like, this is totally what made me want to  work in TV or media or whatever the hell.
 Like I definitely ate all this up.
 But for, in terms of  like kid color, the Gack Kitchen is probably the craziest thing.
 And that was where, because you  don't like, I don't think I was ahead of it.
 I wasn't like smarter than everybody.
 I know that  it's edible and it's just cornstarch.
 I really don't think I knew what it was made of.
 And it  was cool seeing it come together and get mixed up in a bowl and they'd let people take a bite or  whatever.
 I don't remember a lot about what the Gack Kitchen presentation was.
 Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
 I  remember seeing that.
 Yeah.
 It was later.
 I think I saw that first.
 And then it was later.
 I had a  teacher who was a, had been a scientist or a science professor and was very into like,  yeah, oh, did you know this is really this? And then that they would do the slime stuff.
  And they certainly got our interest.
 Yeah.
 That's a good, that's, that's a good fake science.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I kill time with, I mean, I think there were probably a point where I thought, oh, maybe like  the slime burns you really quickly.
 Yeah.
 You just scream after you were getting slimed or something  or it would change your, I would like, I like the Joker.
 It would change my face, my color.
 It would  change me to green permanently or something.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'm sure I had those thoughts.
  Maybe I thought it would be like, like a drug, like you, you for it.
 Like maybe it would make  me happier.
 Like as soon as you're kissed by Gack, then you just feel lighter than a cloud.
  Yeah.
 So there's no easy solution like that other than, you know, six ounces of white wine.
  That's as close as I can come to what I thought Gack would do.
 I don't know.
 I think if you,  Jason seems like he knows exactly how to make some slime in the lab.
 I think if Jason can whip up  some slime for you, maybe have that white wine and then we'll just dump it on your head.
 Next  time we're in person and let's see if we can't recapture that old magic, that old feeling.
  Yeah.
 Now look, I'm excited that I'm very excited for the forthcoming,  us returning to in person, but look, germs are still, you know, we're all still a little  psychologically scarred from the last year.
 How was this suddenly becoming super sloppy podcast,  the ride now we're sliming each other.
 Now we're eating kid cuisine, which will probably make us  vomit.
 Now suddenly there's all kinds of fluids going on fluids being exchanged on super sloppy  podcast, the ride.
 And I don't know how I feel about it.
 Has Dr.
 Fauci weighed in on super,  sloppy slime and if it could actually increase the spread of COVID or I would really like to know  before we do this, because you're right.
 You're right.
 We are getting a little ahead of ourselves  here about getting sloppy when we're back in person.
 And I think we should just follow the  CDC guidelines about how sloppy we are allowed to be.
 Yeah.
 You know, it's almost paradoxical.
 They  want to say, I don't know without any repercussions.
 And then when they say it, they get slimed and  what do they think is going to happen? Well, we've all seen Rand Paul getting very testy with Dr.
  Fauci lately, because he wants to get sloppy immediately.
 He's wanted everyone to be sloppy  this whole time.
 Jim Jordan wants to be super sloppy.
 It's our, and our, our basic liberties.
  We're guaranteed the right to get sloppy.
 Well, Rand Paul got sloppy with his yard work and  he got to come up for that.
 So we'll see what happens if he gets sloppy with his ass work.
  So what have we missed here? What's the part is? Gat kitchen.
 Gat kitchen.
 It seems fun in general  and that the person, the official chef there is called the Gatmeister.
 I like that.
 I could see,  I could see like, yeah, the reality as a kid there, I would have gagged having like eating  it even like, even if somebody was like, you know, it's just, it's candy.
 You eat the same  colored candy all the time.
 Like it's nerd, color of nerds.
 And there's no, I would still be like,  oh, but it's, oh no, I can't.
 Like it would, it would still psychologically be like disturbing  to me, I think.
 But that, you know, I feel like I might've liked it.
 I was watching a video where  a kid tried a little bit and then like got nauseous, but I, I feel like I'd like eating  gag.
 I don't know.
 Hey, I could, I could see now I would love it, but I'm just trying to remember  I'm, look, I'm doing my best cause I didn't get to experience this thing, this thing when I was  younger, cause we couldn't go to Universal.
 We only went to Disney, you know? Yeah.
 Like you're  talking to your parents right now.
 Am I? You went into that tone of voice.
 Maybe I am.
 Maybe I,  maybe I feel like we didn't get to go to Universal till it was like 1998, you know?  My family always went clockwise back to like, or counterclockwise back to like ET and back to the  future first.
 So I think like I got the glimpse of Nickelodeon Studios the first one or time,  two times we went, but usually did it later in the day.
 And that was probably a good move  cause I saw the more like behind the scenes stuff like Alfred Hitchcock and Murder She Wrote.
  So that kind of prepped me for a lot of spare sets, like empty sets with like fluorescents on them.
  Because again, it's a tour.
 It's not going to be like you're walking into a middle of a commercial.
  So I did very quickly temper my expectations.
 I think that like, yeah, I'm not going to get hit  with a pie out of a secret door.
 I wish they had done more like people jumping out of secret  entrances or stuff or like, you know, some weird stuff in the tour.
  Yeah.
 It could have been sillier.
 It could have been wackier, I suppose.
 It is a little,  a tad functional from what you can tell about it.
 But did the game lab do anything for you?  We talked about splitting up into kids and adults, but then like, was that show a satisfying show?  I think it was fun to see it demonstrated in person.
 Yeah.
 Once I was like,  got my shaking down to a manageable level, I could try and look and I saw the slime  and I could see that it was far away from me.
 And yeah, as Mike, as you said,  it's not going to burn me.
 It's probably not going to get on me.
  Yeah.
 Not going to turn you into like clay face, like a slime monster.
  Yeah.
 I found, oh, go ahead.
 No, you go.
  Well, I was going to say I found some of the merchandise.
 Like I, I don't know why I never  got one of these shirts that everyone wore in the broadcast because they surely had them for sale.
  I did have this shirt, which I apparently, yeah, I know it's at my mom's.
 I can apparently get  $80 for it on eBay.
 This is a shirt with the Nick Studios logo, which by the way, there's the Nick  logo, which is a big splat.
 But then the Studios logo where it's a splat that has different shapes,  like a camera and film strips and a blimp for some reason.
 I really like that outline,  what they, how they modded it out for the studio setting.
  Apparently that was heavy, heavily influenced by like the MTV logo could kind of do anything  and go anywhere.
 And they're like, we got to be able to do that too.
  Oh yeah.
 How you never like associated with a particular color scheme.
 The whole thing  was that it would flash through different crazy patterns.
  Yeah.
 So that's why I like it'd be a blimp sometimes and then it'd be a shit, a plane  or like a big splat.
 Like it could, it could, the font, they said the font was always the same and  the orange was always the same.
 But then you could do a lot with it.
  Gotcha.
 My general takeaway going back into the Nickelodeon archives and watching a bunch of shows  in the last week, just that, I mean, the shows are great, but the, it's the look and the graphics  and the promo department and the odds in it and just all the various pieces of media that where  they sing, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
 I, all of the stuff between the shows,  they did such a great job.
 And then you take that into SNCC and the couch and that is so memorable.
  I feel that way about MTV as well because yeah, it was like, you know, two branches of the same  company and it was like, you know, as, as much all the stuff between the shows as what was in the  shows.
 I just, just all that middle crap.
 They did such a great job.
  Yeah.
 It's, it's really, it's a vibe.
 It's what Jason was saying earlier, like truly like the  vibe of Nickelodeon was like perfect.
 They really like figured out how to make you feel like it was  all part of a piece.
 And like, this is like, you hear the Nick, Nick, Nick song and it's like,  that's my, that's made for me.
 This is this, everything is almost not everything, but almost  everything is good on this channel.
 There was, there was not like a poochyism in this, you know,  like with poochy being the character added to it, she and scratchy who is completely the product  of focus groups and out of touch adults thinking what kids might want to see.
  It would, that was never the situation.
 Like they, they calibrated and defined our taste  in the process.
 Like they put something out there.
 Is this your taste? We said yes.
 And they kept  going.
 And then it completely became our dominant taste for the next five years or so.
  Yes.
 Can I real quick, I want to go down the list of the things that were shot here and just,  I'm going to point out highlights because so many, so many things were shot at Nick Studios.
  Eureka's Castle is a show I liked a lot.
 My sister was a little younger, but I'm big.
 Puppets,  if you don't know, Dragon, Batpuppet, Bat Lee.
 I like his voice.
 I like doing his voice still.
  Magellan, you know, Eureka.
 I like that.
 A fun puppet show.
 Obviously Double Dare we were talking  about.
 I liked the show, My Brother and Me.
 Do you remember My Brother and Me?  I did remember that as I was watching clips.
 I oddly watched a lot of My Brother and Me.
  We loved My Brother and Me.
 We loved, the kids, the two kids had a friend named Goo.
  Goo.
 Oh, Goo was so funny.
 Goo was so funny.
 The show only lasts like a season and they would  just replay them over and over again.
 But we watched all of, there's like what, 10 episodes  probably.
 Burned into my brain is the one where a basketball player shows up and they say his  name so many times and I only knew who he was because of the episode.
 But just how many times  they said his full name, Kendall Gill, Kendall Gill.
 Kendall Gill's gonna be here.
 I like,  I love Kendall Gill now because of that episode.
 Yeah, underrated show.
 I feel like anybody who  knows it is like, yeah, I watched a lot of that.
 Yeah, you bring it up.
 I guess I'm more fond of  it than I realized.
 Yeah, we loved it.
 Get Goo on SNL.
 Goo should be there too.
 I agree.
  Now, Weinerville is a show I watched but it was creeped out by.
 I loved it but I was creeped out  by it.
 I was very conflicted.
 I was afraid I would get puppeted.
 I would get turned into a puppet.
  I wouldn't be able to get turned back.
 Something would go wrong.
 I was terrified of that happening.
  Well, I saw Mark Weiner live at the Arlington racetrack too, like in 1994 or 5.
 Betting on the  ponies? No, no, he was doing a show.
 He was not just there with like a racing form.
 He was actually  doing some kind of show and we went to see him and they had kids like get Weinerized there.
  Even though I was like older, I still was like, I don't want to risk it.
 Yeah, I'm not going to  risk getting turned into one of those characters permanently.
 Are you being permanently Weinerized?  I didn't know, you know.
 I think there was still a feeling in my head that that was possible.
 I  don't know if it was as strong as what Jason's describing but I did have that feeling of like,  oh, I don't know.
 If you were Weinerized, that means that because he had like little puppet bodies on  his own full-sized head.
 Is that what Weinerizing was? Yeah, sorry to explain to the audience who  might not know Mark Weiner's Weinerville.
 I know nothing beyond the title.
 Again, I probably watched  more episodes of this than shows that I like a lot today.
 I probably watched 50 episodes of  Weinerville but remember nothing.
 Right, that's fair.
 I don't have such strong memories.
 He had  like a biker character, is that right? He was like a greaser, maybe a greaser type.
 Was he a sort of  a kids in the hall style like blonde office lady who'd go like, oh, I think so.
 Was it Dottie?  Is my memory correct? Is it Dottie from Weinerville? I believe it is.
 Yeah, there was definitely  some sort of Dottie involved.
 It says 93 to 94, so much only shot for a year or two and they would  just grind it out or what would happen with like Clarissa explains it all and Keenanica, like they  would shoot some of it in Florida and then the person would get, you know, momentum in their  careers.
 They're like, all right, we got to move this to Los Angeles.
 Yeah, all that says season  one and two only shot there, which I liked all that as well.
 But I think we've talked about it  on the show before.
 It was like when I started watching Saturday Night Live and I was like,  I can tell Saturday Night Live is better, but I do like all that.
 I still like watching all that.
  What else is on this list? Nick Arcade.
 Oh, Nick.
 Oh, God.
 I mean, Roundhouse season one.
 Oh, go ahead.
  Yeah, sure.
 Oh, I was just going to say that everyone, everyone is upset, still like traumatized  by how badly everyone did in the final round of Nick Arcade.
 Yeah.
 Because it was like,  like they were on a green screen or a blue screen or something and they were like looking at a  monitor to see where like the bad guys were coming as if they were in a Nintendo game or an old arcade  game and it was impossible.
 They failed almost every time and as a kid you were like, you didn't  understand the physics of that.
 So you were so frustrated watching them just eat shit every time  they went to the bonus round or the final round.
 Yeah.
 And there's footage of like the stairways  were practical.
 Those were real or the orbs.
 Those were real.
 But then everything else.
 Yeah,  like you said, it's just an empty blue screen and a weird monitor, a giant monitor, but at a very  weird spot.
 It's wild.
 This is a pretty good video that I just found that's three to four  Orlando local news outlets who clearly all got invited to some media day of Nick.
 Like there's  a new show, Nick Arcade launching and you can go be part of a taping and maybe be on the show and  they have their report, their wacky reporter go do a round of it and they all completely eat  shit, including a weatherman and a weatherman.
 That's what they do for a living.
 Yeah.
 You're  in front of green.
 You're watching.
 I have to point this way, but it's going to be flipped the  other way and I have to base what I'm doing off a monitor.
 So if a weatherman, a professional  fails at that, then how is some kid going to understand the intricacies of chroma work? Yeah.
  No, the kids, poor kids.
 There was roundhouse, I think is the one that we have that.
 That's what  when you start thinking about these shows, when it is not your child, when enough time has passed  that it becomes nostalgia.
 Oh, remember this.
 Remember that roundhouse is like the first one  where you go, Oh, some of them were bad.
 It's like the first that it occurs to you.
 There's  other shows you might say, Oh, that didn't like this.
 And other people would say, Oh, what are  you talking about? That was good roundhouse.
 I don't think you're getting any argument.
  Well, not with she's all that right after or not.
 She's all that all that.
  There's all that.
 All that did is she's all that to the concept of children's sketch comedy.
 Like  they elevated it above like a roundhouse or a welcome freshman.
 I liked that justification.
  I liked that.
 I got it.
 He fixed it.
 He fixed it.
 He retconned it.
 No mistakes in podcasting.
  Well, I was going to say about what would you do, which I really, really liked.
 What would you  do? It was Mark Summers other show and it was just the same concept, different set, basically.
  I mean, it wasn't the same exact game show, but kids, there would be different ways to get slimed.
  I will say so at Nick Studios, which was in a theme park, there was a ride on what would you do  that I feel like was not used a lot.
 You guys know what I'm talking about? I vaguely remember  this.
 Yeah.
 The pie coaster, the pie coaster.
 And I believe they only use this once in a while  because I don't remember seeing it a lot because they'd have the pie pod, which was like their  signature, I believe on what would you do, which was you'd sit in a seat and then like arms would  like fly like fling pies at your face, which I remember being scared that would hurt as well  as a kid.
 I was like, I liked the body of the pie pod, but it was very, I was a little traumatized  by it.
 But then I remember this very distinctly.
 And I remember that it wasn't on a lot and it's  probably cause it was hard to maintain, but it was the pie coaster and they built.
  It's a little soapbox Derby.
 That is so low rent.
 Oh my gosh.
 And it's the biggest  pie and it goes backwards.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And I bet that they were like, we can't, this isn't that  good.
 This it's not good enough to justify the insane set up.
 You feel the Bob Gurr in this,  like not literally Bob Gurr, but you feel some guy rolling up his sleeves and banging this together  two in the morning.
 And there's like a hard like bank up at the end here.
 Do you see that?  Yeah.
 So it can swing back with momentum.
 Right.
 Not into the audience.
 Kid probably got her like  neck hurts.
 Her neck probably got hurt on this and they were like, we can't maintain this pipe pie  coaster much longer.
 It's a little whiplashy.
 It looks more architecturally sound than rip ride  rocket though.
 I'll say that.
 That's fair.
 Like a more pleasant experience too.
 That's where they  got the idea for a rip ride rocket.
 Yeah.
 This is the, I was looking for Reddit threads of people  who got to go to Nickelodeon tapings or be part of the shows.
 And I saw a post from somebody who  was disillusioned by the whole thing because they got to go to a taping of legends of the hidden  temple, which was such a grand show with huge games and huge sets.
 And they said that the taping  was not very fun because they had one of the games set up, you know, whether it was one of the ones  running across water or whatever, those are so involved.
 And it was basically here's the game  and now we're going to play it six times with six different groups of kids because they're block shot  by set.
 Not so much, but they don't like film the whole episode in half an hour, real clean,  like a talk show.
 So I think it was a sort of like laborious and boring.
 I wonder if that was the  case with the pie coaster too, like not worth the setup.
 Yeah.
 I bet they had to wheel that thing out  and test it like 10.
 You would think like to move a roller coaster, even a little one,  you then have to test it to make sure the person in the coaster is going to fall off  because moving a coaster is a big pain in the ass.
 So you would imagine that, yeah, that was  probably a logistical challenge.
 I wonder if-  Logistical challenge.
  That's my favorite thing about the double day is that they, in the way that kids all adopt a way of,  you know how everyone says, all kids say the pledge of allegiance in the same way.
  I pledge allegiance to the flag.
 It was like that with physical challenge where nobody said  physical challenge.
 It was always physical challenge.
 Just a big lean in right up on the  fuzz and physical challenge.
 Like why did they, somebody could have said it in a different way,  but by then the tone just got adopted.
 Yeah.
 You had to lay out the, whoever the first,  whoever the pioneer of that was the first kid to say it.
 Yeah.
 Set the tone forever.
 Set the tone  for it.
 Yeah.
 By the way, one of these, you know, also to continue praising Mark Summers,  I guess maybe equal to Michael Eisner in my kid.
 I just liked these nice guys in suits, spoke clearly.
  Looking, you know, the whole thing with him became, oh, but he's kind of crazy.
 He's got OCD.
  He doesn't like, he was a host of Double Dare and he doesn't like messes.
 This guy, let me tell you,  he washes his hands all the time.
 That's how crazy he is.
 He'll wash his hands for like upwards of,  I don't know, 20 seconds.
 What a like vindicating era for Mark Summers.
 This all has to be.
 Yeah.
  We are all mega germaphobes.
 And what a hero because like, not only is there all this mess,  children are, Scott, I'm sure you've learned, gross, disgusting.
 Like so much goo.
 They're  their own little slime factories.
 They're their own little GAC labs.
 You know, so.
  Personal GAC labs.
 Yeah, I know.
 And that he did that.
 He like had this problem and yet suppressed  it to have this crazy specific job.
 Yes.
 It's pretty amazing.
 And someone said about Mark Summers,  the thing why I think he immediately caught on with kids is he always treated the kids as adults.
  He always talked to them like equals, whether they were excited, whether they were nervous,  whether they seemed like a brainiac or like just kind of out of it.
 He always was like, you know,  acted like, you know, Alex Trebek would act to the Jeopardy contestants, you know.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Super great charismatic.
 He also that story, there's a story in that Orange Years  documentary that he told to us in person.
 I think this is part of his little like, like,  I'll give you the inside stuff, but the story where like a kid almost like bends their leg and  hat like, like, this is super dislocation of a leg from a slip and fall, you know, which I think  in person he might have described it as like, I feel like I was like, am I seeing bone? What  happened? Like it was really bad.
 It was a truly horrendous accident on the obstacle course.
 And  they were like, everybody's already thinking this is going to be lawsuit city.
 We are so screwed  here.
 And then the parent comes up and says, hey, so that next one before he slipped and fell on  your set, the next game was going to get us that big screen TV.
 You give us that big screen TV.
  Maybe none of this ever happened.
 Oh, sure.
 I think we could make that work.
 And then backstage,  they're all like, oh my God, we can just give him the TV and make this go away.
 Holy shit.
  Like they save Nickelodeon three million dollars with this one free TV.
 Yeah.
 TV,  the resolution these days would look like shit.
 It would look horrible.
 Yeah.
 I can't believe  there even were big TVs and all these.
 Why? Why did they even bother? Well, my mom's keeping hers  going.
 God knows how many times she's gotten it repaired.
 It's in a big wooden cabinet.
  It is a massive, it's probably as tall as I am.
 How old is it? Oh, I would say that was the event  of the year in 1995 when we got it.
 1994.
 Yes.
 Whoa.
 And it's a piece of furniture.
 Yeah.
 How  much is the repair on it? I don't know.
 She got it repaired like years ago and it, I mean, it still  works.
 My dad had the exact same thing where the cabinet that the TV is in is driving the lack of  replacement of the TV.
 Like, hey, it's nice.
 It's, you know, that's good wood panel.
 It's good varnish.
  You don't replace that.
 Yeah.
 My dad also, I have to say, because this happened yesterday and I  have to unload this burden of what my dad said, which is he pronounced the word sushi,  su-chi.
 He did a C-H-I and I'm like, dad, we have said the word sushi to each other.
 You know  that it is not su-chi.
 He said it in the context of like that weird stuff you eat and like su-chi  and I stopped him like, hang on.
 I will not let this stand.
 You know, in your heart, it is not su-chi.
  You have been on this earth since the fifties.
 This is not a new word to you.
 You know what?  Someone in my family did that to me recently with the very bitter, with a kind of bitter leafy green  you get in a salad, you know, arugula.
 And I don't even remember how I, I don't even remember what  they were trying to say.
 Arugula? Arugula.
 Yeah, something like that.
 And I'm like, you've had  arugula.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 This isn't oat milk.
 This is, come on.
 It's in every bag of pre-packaged  mixed greens.
 Come on.
 Oo-roo-gluck-gluck.
 What is that California crap you're eating?  Jason, is your dad at sushi? Yeah, my dad's at sushi.
 My dad, so my mom's repairing the same TV  from 1995.
 My dad moved a number of years ago and immediately bought the biggest Sony widescreen TV  he could get and opted for like a pool table instead of a dining room kitchen, like dining room  table.
 So he's, he's the, a little more hipper.
 Yeah, my dad had put on the biggest platter of  sushi ever.
 He put, he put on the sushi channel.
 I don't think he goes to sushi.
 He likes nice  restaurants.
 He gets sushi.
 I don't think it's his favorite, but yeah.
 Dads, dads just don't like  sushi.
 They're scared of sushi for some reason.
 I don't know what it is.
 I'm not a big sushi guy  either.
 So I, you know, I, but I'll, I'll eat it.
 It's rice and avocado and some fish.
 Pretty base,  I feel.
 Stuff you have.
 What else? These boys' parents, you know, as you think about this,  then they're on adventurous food tape.
 I know.
 These parents, I hate them.
 They're stupid  glasses.
 Always saying don't eat sushi with their, yeah, horn room glasses.
 Sushi's for all of us.
  Stop eating sushi.
 You're muckling.
 Don't, they should have sushi and kid cuisine, I think.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
 What if we not, well, we're, we're name and show is still.
 Guts.
 Gotta mention guts.
  Guts and legends of the hidden temple was kind of that.
 I feel like is the dividing line somewhere  around there and secret life of Alex Mack, which I don't think shot here, but like soon after that,  a couple of years after that, they get to where the Explorer and SpongeBob square pants.
 And then  it's just like a rocket ship.
 Like it's, it's a different era.
 Things, things change a little,  you know? Sure.
 Yeah.
 There's stuff that just, there's, there's stuff on this list is like just  out of the time I was watching.
 Like mystery files of Shelby Wu, I didn't watch.
 I was like,  I was onto much more sophisticated shows at that point, you know? Like, I don't know, in 1998, what?  VIP.
 VIP relic hunter.
 All the different shows I watched on a Saturday afternoon on  UPN or whatever.
 You know, that all these future luminaries that Kenan Thompson's,  you know, doing his early, we're cutting his teeth there that Mike O'Malley on several shows before  he wrote the Margaritaville musical, you know, all the greatest talents.
 That still is a bizarre fact  to me.
 I don't know if listeners know that fact that guts host, Mike O'Malley wrote the Jimmy  Buffett musical.
 Yeah.
 Well, wrote the book, wrote the book.
 Yeah, of course.
 He didn't have it.
  We know who wrote the songs.
 We know the gentleman who did that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Mike O'Malley, very  interesting career if you look, because obviously as kids, we were like, Oh, the guy who yells a lot,  who yells a lot on the game show.
 We like to watch kids run around.
 But yes, it's like sick,  multiple sitcoms created things.
 And yes, the Jimmy Buffett musical.
 He's in Sully.
 He's in the  scene with the constant recreation and the birds.
 That's, that's Mike O'Malley in there.
  So yeah, he, so he, I liked him a lot.
 I liked him and I liked Mo.
 I liked them both a lot  on the show.
 But Mike specifically, sometimes a little much for me.
 Sure.
 You know, he was a lot,  he's very, very aggressive.
 So while I did like him, I definitely was like, all right, well,  you could not always yell at me.
 You need the balance, you know? Yeah.
 I guess I preferred the  friendliness.
 Like I sense that if I, yeah, if I met them in person, Mark Summers would be nice to  me as he was when it happened.
 And Mike O'Malley might yell at me and bully me and tell me to go  up that rope quicker.
 I imagine what happened today.
 He, but he, while, you know, when Jimmy  Buffett was meeting with Mike O'Malley, Mike O'Malley was yelling at Jimmy Buffett.
 You could,  there's no way they couldn't work like that.
 Jimmy would, he changed his tune.
 He softened it up.
  Yeah.
 To be able to hang out, to be, be shifted to island time.
 Tully Mars wouldn't do that.
  Don't make me write Tully Mars in a way I don't like, Jimmy.
 He wouldn't do that.
 He would not  say that to Jimmy Buffett because Jimmy, nobody knows Tully Mars, the character that Jimmy wrote  in multiple novels better than Jimmy Buffett.
 Yeah.
 We got a tight story here.
 Volcano doesn't  make any sense.
 They're never going to be able to pull off the set of the volcano spewing on stage  every night.
 Are you crazy? Well, actually in the context of the musical, the volcano is probably  one of the things that makes the most sense.
 That's right.
 I didn't see the, that's the last  thing we all did before pandemic.
 Yeah.
 With Eva Anderson.
 With Eva.
 And we should have done a  second gate.
 I mean, maybe we still will, but we should have, if it weren't for pandemic, like  watching that away, there definitely should have been a second gate on that musical.
 Which was  honestly pretty fun.
 I'll be like pretty fun.
 Yeah.
 We had a nice time.
 The story is not so  sophisticated.
 It's a fairly simple story, believe it or not.
 But you know, throwing O'Malley into the  bus, bad book.
 Oh, I don't, you know, not a bad book.
 I don't want to say O'Malley wrote a bad book.
  I would never say that.
 I just think that he knew what the, what the show should be and he  wrote appropriately.
 You want the hits.
 It's hard to write simple.
 It's hard to write simple.
 You  know, it's a great compliment to say like something is simple and pared down, you know, the biggest,  the biggest disappointment was that it was the final performance.
 And I was so hoping  Mr.
 Buffett himself would come out at the end, like he had been in previous.
 Yes.
 Cause he was  in the city.
 He had posted on Insta.
 Well, at least if he believed his Instagram.
 I was tracking  him on Instagram and I was like, he's in Los Angeles.
 Why would he not come out at the end  and play Margaritaville with everyone? And he did not.
 So, Oh well.
 Oh well.
 You put a tracking  device on his personal assistance car.
 Yeah.
 I, they're in town.
 So, uh, and I had a, I trained  a Pelican to be on look out for him and it had like a little earpiece.
 And then I would give it  the Pelican directions and say like, where, where is he now? Follow, follow that car, follow that  surfboard or something.
 And the Pelican, go Heinz 57 fly.
 Yeah.
 The Pelican's living here now, by the  way.
 It's been living with us the whole pandemic.
 He's in your pod, your pod again.
 Yeah.
 There's  only been three people, me, Lindsay and the Pelican.
 Um, guys, if I could circle back before  we talk more Nickelodeon stuff to the Kid Cuisine world.
 Um, I, I messaged, uh, our, our Shrek expert,  Griffin Newman, um, to say, what is your off the cuff reaction to this box? And he, he's,  he sent quite a bit.
 Uh, so I'm going to summarize, um, probably the biggest things he said.
 I would  not touch that fucking tray.
 I find the sad bastard dinner that Shrek eats alone in the first movie  more appetizing.
 And then, uh, you can see it's tomatoes and peas and like a fucked up sausage.
  I think that's real stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 And more organic than Kid Cuisine could ever  be.
 He says this, says this too, is someone who eats chicken nuggets at least three times a week.
  So, um, if he's turning against the Shrek Nugs, um, yeah, need a Shrek shaped or he doesn't like  on his own turn them into Shrek tree.
 He doesn't carve Shrek ears out of his own nuggets.
 Well,  we'll have to ask him when we talk to him again.
 We'll have to ask him, uh, PTR legend Griffin  Newman.
 So that's two for two against.
 Okay.
 So the rules are always if it sucks,  Mike and Jason have to stand up for it.
 Hi, did I stand up? Scott's gagging.
  Know that I def necessarily endorsed the Shrek.
 I'm, maybe I forget it.
 Wait till we get to the episode and we'll see.
  We know where things land.
 Um.
 When I like eat the Shrek nuggets and I go, this is so, oh, it's good.
  Look, it's cute.
 My stomach feels cute.
 I'm in the bathroom like,  feel good.
 My voice is a little horse.
 Can I go take like a 40 minute break? Okay.
 Bye.
  Run away.
 Don't even make it to a bathroom.
 You see I'm like tweeting from the show account.
  These are good.
 I love these nuggets.
 It's just a shame that was 10 years after the time capsule was  buried.
 I couldn't preserve them.
 Now that's a good segue.
 And my, you know, hey, we're talking  Mike O'Malley.
 One of the big moments of Mike O'Malley was his hosting of the Nick time capsule  ceremony in April, 1992.
 Uh, what we're now, how many years out are we from the, it'll be opened in,  in 21 years, I believe.
 Yes.
 Uh, a long traveling time capsule.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So I remember watching  this one as well.
 This was a big deal to me.
 Nickelodeon in April, 92 buried a time capsule,  an orange time capsule that was full of things that are important to the children of 1992.
  There is a special hosted by Mike O'Malley, uh, where he makes, uh, declarations guaranteed to  become not true.
 Like kids will come to this spot, this spot that'll stand forever and they'll find  out what it was like for you guys.
 Now that you guys are the adults running the world.
 Um, but of  course, as we'll get into, there is no Nickelodeon studios.
 It hasn't been there in a long time.
  So it, uh, this, uh, that was my big concern.
 I remember when I heard that the studios were  closing, like what if, what if the time capsule, this is like an important thing in my life now,  like I'm seven watching this and where will I be by then? What will be my life in 2042?  And I need to know, I need to track this thing.
 So it's moved.
 They've, they've had to move it  several times.
 Yes.
 And it's at, it's been moved what twice? Is that right? Still it's at the new  hotel after they closed the worst hotel, the worst Nick hotel.
 Oh no, no, it, it went to the  Nickelodeon suites hotel.
 Now it's here in fucking Burbank by the office tower.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 Yeah.
  Uh, we can go now.
 We can go see it today.
 Yeah, we can't, but we need like a drive access.
  The Nickelodeon studios in Burbank are not open to the public.
 Like the old ones used to be,  they're restrictive and they need key cards and stuff.
 They're blocking.
  We're, it's, we're still the kids of 92.
 We should have automatic access to that thing  anytime we want.
 So I'm, this does bother me.
 If there are any listeners to the show that have an  in for us to go see the time capsule behind the gates, I, this, this, the genuinely would be very  cool and important to me to get to check in on the time capsule.
 I like, I've even walked by that.
  I've like parked my car and walked around there and gone like, is it in the courtyard? Is there  like a place I can see through the fence and see where does it even get the kind of a taste of it?  But I don't know.
 I think you need, you need to know somebody.
 Do we know, do we know anybody?  We know people at Cartoon Network, but I don't know if we know people in Nickelodeon.
 It's a good  question.
 I don't know off the top of my head.
 I have never actually been to the Burbank Nickelodeon.
  I auditioned for some weird wizard show a couple of years ago with the closed one on sunset.
  Yeah.
 Were you, could you have been the new Mr.
 Wizard? No, it was not Mr.
 Wizard.
 It was like  some show about a kooky wizard.
 And I acted like an ass in this audition for like five minutes.
  Okay.
 I left.
 I think I actually did okay.
 Yeah.
 But I did not get it.
 And it was not for a Mr.
  Wizard.
 I could look up the sides again, but I have never been on that Burbank Nick, which  literally is very close to here.
 I was to where all of us.
 Yeah, that's true.
 We're all like  within pretty close proximity.
 It's all equidistant.
 We're all equidistant.
 We're all equidistant.
  We can all start running and get there in a little bit.
 I mean, I don't know.
 We feel great.
  Oh man.
 If only we're open.
 We can unite at the Nick time capsule.
 Perfect.
 Yeah.
 There was a  couple articles.
 Can we put new stuff in there? Oh yeah.
 Shrek 2 nugs.
  Slime pudding.
 Yeah.
 Swamp pudding.
 What was it? Swamp pudding.
 That's right.
  There was a couple articles, but you can kind of tell it was like maybe PR people just tossing  something off of like, oh, they're hoping to give tours of this because they build a like new office  tower there.
 The five or seven story office building.
 It's like, oh, they're hoping to give  tours and you could walk by where the time capsule is and like, oh, we moved it in conjunction with  this building, this new office building.
 And it's like, I feel like you're falling asleep as I'm  reading this and I could hear the sleepiness and their voice saying stuff like that.
 Nobody.
 I don't  think anybody cares about this thing.
 I don't think people realize that people were, there were kids  watching this special and thinking how this is going to be a way to frame my life.
 Like how much,  how many feelings, how many emotions I'll have when I get to watch whatever now incredibly sad  thing occurs to open this time capsule.
 Like by that point, there is no Nickelodeon.
 There is no  cable.
 Just like nothing's going on.
 It's just like a bad little like, it's like a sad convention.
 Not  like it's like Comic-Con in 1988, not Comic-Con in the 2000s.
 It's like a, it's like a funeral.
 Like,  all right, we got a good turnout.
 This is nice.
 Well, does anyone want to say something that's  I'm fearing that's what the time capsule opening is going to be like.
 Tesla has acquired a lot of  Paramount and Nickelodeon's programming.
 Tesla owns most of the world's entertainment at that point.
  And it is like, yeah, it's on fire.
 The time capsule is on fire.
 60 year old, 65 year old,  Elon Musk opens the capsule up and like says, took it to Mars.
 You have to go to Mars to see the time  capsule.
 Well, now it was being dark.
 I, now you say that, but one of the video montages I found of  like, here are the videos that would play throughout the tour was uploaded by the Nickelodeon rewind  YouTube accounts.
 And it's so rare that these vintage videos are actually uploaded by the  companies.
 We're watching like VHS rips to get ready for episodes.
 And this was like as good quality  as you could get of like ripping, you know, DV tapes or ripping DV cam tapes or whatever.
  I do appreciate that.
 Yeah.
 The Nick official YouTube has posted the clips that you'd watch  on the studio tour.
 And did they post the, did they officially post the time capsule  ceremony? I feel like they might.
 Or there is, there is a pretty good quality of it on YouTube.
  Yeah.
 The good quality with the commercials for Pizza Hut, Cheeseburger Pizza and the  soon to open Gremlins 2.
 What a time to be alive 1990.
 Jesus Christ.
 All of that at once.
  Well, I mean, 1992, there's the, you got to, there's a lot of what a time to be alive because  I mean, we could talk about some of what's in that, that capsule, but the, the maybe in my mind,  the most notable thing is that they've like, it's, it's all been picked by kids.
 It's, you know,  they've sort of old kids.
 What do you want to see in there? But then right before it goes down,  who shows up? But Joey Lawrence and Joey Lawrence has a baseball cap that says,  whoa, 92.
 And that goes in there right before it goes in the ground.
 Will children of 2042  find the catchphrase, whoa, as important as the 1992, as I know I did in 92.
  I would like to hope so.
 I would like, maybe they'll reboot  Joey Lawrence's catchphrase, whoa, soon for a streaming service.
 I don't know how they'll  do it, but woe should come back in some context.
 And then it's almost bizarre that there has not  just the billion dollars in cash just like backed up to Miami Alex house to do a lazy  blossom reboot.
 Oh yeah.
 Well, she's got the cat show.
 She's got the cat show.
 She's doing great.
  So I guess she doesn't need to do it.
 Well, oh yeah.
 Cause like all these reboots are always  people who need to do it.
 Kelsey Grammer, I know that you have more money than some small countries,  but would you like to do four bad Frazier's? There was more story to tell for Frazier.
  That's a different situation.
 This was always the intent for it to finish and then be brought back  17 years later.
 How long has it been? Many, many years.
 And it was always the intent for it to be  done after the death of the dad and probably without David Ike Pierce.
 That was always the  plan from the creators of the show.
 Oh yeah.
 But some of the, I mean, I think, I think reboot  punky Brewster is going to give 110% compared to like reboot Frazier, you know, maybe I don't  know much about your punky Brewster.
 Here's what I say.
 Reboot my brother in me.
 That's what I say.
  Hell yeah.
 Absolutely.
 That they didn't get to finish that show.
 I also, they shot the,  see the mystery files of Shelby Wu.
 I liked that show a lot.
 What else? That one came up already.
  We did.
 That was like an hour ago.
 And I said, I didn't watch it cause I was stopped.
 I kind of  was not watching.
 I was watching different junk at that point.
 Oh, I got that confused with something  else, but that, that was later.
 They were still like even up to shooting the live action of the  early SpongeBob's they were shooting down there, you know, Gullah Gullah Island.
 There was sort of  a, like a reprise of, they attempted to get a new little pack of shows going, Slime Time Live,  their equivalent of Total Request Live and some other shows it didn't really seem to take.
 And  once that little pack of shows didn't happen, they, and so many operations had moved to Los  Angeles to, for a while it was Sunset Gower, which side note is where the Chevy Chase talk show was  shot.
 So if you ever get to go there again for anything, just know that similar with these  declarations that are made that are proved to be not true.
 You can watch footage of Johnny Grant,  the mayor of Hollywood's, christening it the Chevy Chase Theater only for the sign to be thrown in  the garbage seven weeks later.
 Oh man.
 That's where, so Latter Day All That was in the same space as,  as the Chevy Chase show.
 But yeah, so it all, you know, they just sort of stopped making shows there  combined with how Universal Studios was not really a working movie studio anymore for the most part.
  And same with Disney MGM Studios is everything sort of changed their premise.
 Nobody cared about  behind the scenes anymore.
 It was just that natural thing that happened to both parks.
 So they quietly  closed it.
 There was a little window of time where they made the color scheme a little less  obnoxious, but also a little more boring.
 I think it had to be obnoxious.
 That's the way  Nickelodeon Studios has to look.
 You need cow hide.
 So yeah, 2005 it sort of quietly shuts down.
 And  then before the Blue Man Group shows up is mostly non-operations.
 They sort of aren't doing anything  with those stages, you know, which happens, like, you know, places where you make shows  sit empty and that makes sense.
 Unless you're a YouTuber and I don't know.
 Oh man.
  People act as if like, you know, the Sistine Chapel got bombed.
 Like it's crazy.
  The people's and look, there's drama at all this for me.
 I really want the time capsule to be  protected.
 However, calm down YouTubers.
 Like the studio closed.
 Like it's not your mom didn't get  shot.
 Cool it.
 Well, and there's a lot of 2012, 2013 urban exploration when there was still a  lot of remnants and they were still kind of standing off the rough edges of YouTube.
 People  are a little more polished on YouTube now, but some of those were on goddamn nightmare to watch.
  There's, I mean, these are not bad.
 Specifically, like the most popular video that you'll find that  refers to the site of Nickelodeon Studios as abandoned.
 It is not a bad video and it's not  badly made.
 I would maybe take umbrage at the phrase abandoned.
 Because abandoned implies like,  that's like a nuclear site that nobody could go into for 20 years.
 This is like,  there's a ride next door.
 Like they're going to do something.
 This is not abandoned.
 I guess  it's a little weird that they kept, you know, posters of Ren and Stimpy painted on the wall  or that you can go in the bathroom and there's still green tiles representing Gack.
 Like they're  being such odd little remnants is definitely strange.
 Abandoned, I don't know.
 And then really,  I had a problem with a less popular video that is where the thumbnail is a picture of Nickelodeon  Studios and then a big title splashed across it.
 Left to rot.
 I listen.
  Do you think there are corpses inside the building? Cool it, YouTube.
  Yeah, I mean, we've talked on the show before how some of these videos, even things that were like  kind of legitimately abandoned, like, you know, Six Flags in New Orleans or something, everyone is  acting in those videos.
 And this video, like, you know, Indiana Jones and they've just discovered  like some sort of temple that's been lost to time or something.
 Oh my God, it's here.
 I can't believe  it.
 Like there's a lot big, there's a lot of theatrics.
 There's a lot of hyperbole I feel like.
  And this, yes, your point is correct.
 That, you know, the Rip Ride rocket is mere feet away.
  They know this exists here.
 They just haven't figured out what to do with it.
  There's plenty of examples.
 For instance, some of a big part of Tomorrowland, you could say.
  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, I know there's more things in there, but it's like sort of been abandoned.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I just don't know.
 Abandoned, there's just drama to it.
 That's like what, like a person,  a person who's, that's like when the mom in AI leaves the robot David and drives away in the car.
  That's like, that's abandoning.
 I don't know when it's like a building and a corporation left  and the corporation is fine.
 They're doing better than they were.
 Yeah.
 Like there's nothing sad  about the story.
 I don't think.
 Other, I mean, look, I am wistful for all this stuff.
 I'm nostalgic  for this stuff, but it is very, you know, this, this was the home of early nineties Nickelodeon.
  It is not the home of today Nickelodeon and I'm okay with that.
 It's nice to look at pictures  and watch videos and remember it.
 And I don't need, why would I sign a petition saying,  bring back Nick Studios? Nothing's going to happen if I do that.
 Why would they do it?  That's funny you bring a petition because I have something for the very end, but I won't,  I'll save that for the very end.
 But yes, I, I, my philosophy and I'm not even being funny here is the  energy has to move elsewhere.
 You know, it doesn't always have to stay somewhere.
 It doesn't always  have to be in an institution.
 It doesn't have to be in Orlando.
 Things can change.
 Things can move.
  There's a new fun place maybe for kids now.
 I am not aware of where it is, but it has to be,  it should be somewhere.
 Maybe it's important.
 I think it's online.
 I think it's like not a  literal place.
 I think it's in our hearts is what you're saying.
 It's in our hearts and on our phones.
  You know, I, I do miss, uh, they, they, they don't lean on this, which I appreciated as a kid.
 And I  really appreciate now they were like, and we're not the magic kingdom, you know, we're not stuffy.
  We're not this, but they didn't lean on like being like the anti Disney, but I do like the devil may  care kind of like, uh, fun of like early Nickelodeon.
 And I, I feel like entertainment like that didn't  grow up with us.
 Entertainment got so serious.
 Like I've been thinking lately about like,  and it's probably because, uh, you know, Disney bought them, but like a Marvel and Star Wars are  just so deadly serious now, like so capital I important.
 Uh, and, and in a way that like  the comics never sat with me, they, I never, that's like, I made them important because I was a kid,  but like, I don't know.
 I wish that Nickelodeon vibe had continued into more media, you know?  Yeah.
 Well, that's, I mean, I think, I think you can make the argument Star Wars is more serious,  at least the Marvel, not that Marvel doesn't have its own like set of problems, but like,  at least you'll get like a guardians of the galaxy Christmas special, which I don't know if it's  funny yet.
 It's not out obviously, but at least that's the, that's the spirit I'm looking for  in some of this like crazy.
 Yeah.
 It's a little more of a vibe.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Getting rid of the  hyperspace hoopla for Star Wars.
 Come on.
 Yeah.
 I'll go on record saying I'm fine with that one.
  We want to see Darth Vader.
 We want to see Darth Vader twerk.
 Okay.
 To popular music.
 That's what  we like.
 Um, so yes, I agree.
 I'm not signing a petition for that one, but feel free to go ahead  and sign if you wish.
 Okay.
 Well, we'll put that together.
 Do you want to see Darth Vader twerk  again in a hyperspace hoopla to popular music? Um, what is your, uh, what, what, what do you have?  Or maybe we are.
 Well, I mean, I'll do a real, okay, here, I found a petition and it involves  kid cuisine.
 It says, it says make kid cuisine less depressing.
 And it's seven people have signed  it and it's made by somebody named concern citizen.
 And the picture of the item on this,  in this petition is kid cuisine pizza painter and it's cheese pizza and it's a, it's a Casey  and he's dressed like a French painter, I guess.
 And he's painting, uh, like tomato sauce, a face  on just a, I don't even know, I guess it's supposed to be crust.
 And it's, he's holding like a little  sauce packet of tomato sauce, like a little like Taco bell sauce shaped package.
 And he's painting  a gross face of tomato sauce on this little piece of crust, a really perturbed face,  almost like an angry Nickelodeon adult.
 Yeah.
 Um, and then there's some sort of muff muffin or  something in this as well.
 That's a brownie.
 Is that a brownie? Oh yeah.
 You're right.
 Yeah,  it's brownie.
 Oh yeah.
 You're right.
 It looks like it has a bite taken out of it or something.
  Like it looks like incomplete somehow.
 That's how you know it's good.
  So yeah, so anyway, that apparently we're not the first people to have this thought that kid  cuisine is a little bit strange or depressing.
 Should we, should we pump this petition up then  make kid cuisine less depressing? Cause they're trying to get to a hundred and only seven have  signed.
 Should we, uh, I don't know when this was posted.
 I don't, uh, well, but I think maybe  everybody should.
 Oh yeah, we will post that.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So, uh, you know,  yeah, we, we talk about, you know, this has all been about nostalgia and, uh, you know, bringing  back the energy of stuff we liked when we were kids.
 And I think this is a good first step.
 Sign  the, sign the petition to make kid cuisine less depressing.
 You can probably, we'll post it,  but you can probably Google that phrase.
 Um, I like the description too.
 Kid cuisine is sad to me.
  It should be less sad.
 I don't know.
 I don't know what part of a pizza painting,  little like French Pierre of a penguin.
 I don't know how this isn't a cheer in this concerned  citizen up, but well, I think the characters and the logo are still fun.
 I think they're saying the  food itself is a little, so they make it match, you know, make it fun like the guys, you know?  Yeah.
 Um, all right.
 Well, everybody get out there and sign this petition.
 This is very important.
  That's, that's piece of homework.
 Number one piece of homework.
 Number two, if you have any way to  get us to go look at the site of the time capsule, please let us know if there's any weird strings.
  You can help pull for the good boys.
 Come on.
 You want to help us out? We've given you some laughs  over the years.
 Um, you owe us.
 Come on.
 I just want to burn the hammer CD.
 I just want to rip  it to my laptop.
 Um, and, uh, well, let me say, well, let me say, all right, that's the, that's  the homework.
 You survived podcast, the ride Nickelodeon studios edition.
 Um, and, uh, you know,  find us on the social media at podcast, the ride merchant T public and, uh, for three bonus episodes  a month, go to patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
 I rushed through all that to say we got, uh,  an episode coming out next week that has a little bit of runoff of Nickelodeon studios.
 Um, it  involves the time capsule.
 We didn't talk a ton about that ceremony and there's something that  happens in it that was so inspiring to us that it inspired a whole other second gate episode.
 So it's  not quite Nickelodeon studios part two, but it's something else related to the time caps.
 So if you  want to hear more time capsule talk, head to patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride, there'll be  something up next week.
 Um, well, uh, good stuff.
 Um, uh, do we feel, um, as high as if we've, uh,  huffed some GAC? I, yes, I, or yeah, tasted, uh, slime or GAC or, or what was the other one?  Chud? Floam? Flood? Uh, uh, yeah, I feel, I feel good.
 I feel like, um,  I feel like I actually got to go there.
 Now, you know, I feel like now I've kind of implanted  this memory that I did get to go there as a kid and maybe it's like, maybe like I won't, you know,  wake up in the middle of the night and be upset at my parents for not taking me now.
  Cause I feel like I've been there and I've explored on this episode.
  You know, if you just go outside and hose down the street a little, um, and just stand there,  cause it's pretty hot in Southern California right now and play the audio of the geyser and look away,  like looking to the distance, you can trick yourself into thinking the geyser is behind you.
  Just wet, wet concrete.
 Wet.
 Just the wettest empty, like no one else around soaking wet concrete.
  Yeah.
 And play kind of a muffled klaxon and then maybe like, and then when that's over,  play like a, just like a really quiet version of the Doug theme.
 And that's how you'll feel.
  Do it in like an office park and just imagine that one of the walls you're looking at is painted  like a cow and then you'll feel like you're back at the world head, world kids heads headquarters,  the best place that could ever be and ever was.
  Uh, well I'm gathering my materials to do this right now as we speak.
  I'd also like to say, I just see that, uh, Gavin Newsom just announced that on June 15th,  Los Angeles will be allowed to get super sloppy again.
  All right.
 All right.
 So I won't, as soon as I leave the Kid Cuisine depressing petition,  I won't go sign the recall petition.
 Done deal, Gavin.
 Thanks for it.
  Gavin Newsom, thanks for a super sloppy summer.
  Is that under other petitions you might like under the Kid Cuisine one?  Recall a governor?  It's got to be.
 It's the same person concerned citizen.
  Oh no.
  Delete it.
 Delete it.
 We're getting super sloppy this summer.
 It's going to be a blast.
  Thanks for listening everybody.
 Goodbye.
  Bye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our  shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest  forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page  on Facebook.
