 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcasts may contain 80s health food, blood and space, extremely  important science lessons, and the return of an old friend named Topsy.
  It's Body Wars on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three vaccinated men in their  thirties.
  We can officially say I'm Scott Gardner, joined in person by Jason Sheridan.
  Yes, that's right.
  Yes indeed.
  I am Scott Carlson.
  Unless somebody was lying, then I think we're all set.
  That would be messed up if we were lying.
  Why is it?  Why?  I guess I just want to give somebody COVID and a two hour podcast is the most clear-cut  way.
  That would be really odd, especially if I was going to give someone.
  Man, what a nefarious plot.
  You would really have to rethink who I was or Jason was if that was actually what we're  doing.
  I think so.
  There's trust here.
  I trust both of you not to give me a virus on purpose.
  I will say that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Accidents, who knows.
  Accidents, who knows.
  But yeah, I do trust you to do that.
  Not just COVID either, any.
  I'm not like there's no virus on a list that I would like to give any of you.
  Like yeah, I mean if there's like ever like an Islands of Adventure flu or something that  happens and Jason catches it, like he would only give it to me accidentally.
  I don't think he would do it on purpose.
  He certainly gets Islands of Adventure fever every time he goes down to Islands of Adventure.
  I'm so excited to live the adventure.
  Just hearing me say it, I think if I had a thermometer, like an old school.
  And it's shocking to me you don't have the gun, the thermometer gun that everyone's been  pointing at our foreheads for 14 months.
  I just saw an ad for one.
  Lindsay actually has one.
  I wonder if I should just have it with me at all times to take a stranger's temperatures  just for fun.
  Like at a restaurant or somewhere and you do it, like you walk into a bar or like a  bank and scan the person as opposed to them scanning you.
  Yeah, although at a bank maybe they would think I was robbing it with the temperature  gun.
  Oh yeah, yeah, probably best to not have anything resembling a gun.
  I slip a note to the teller.
  I have a temperature gun in my bag and I'm going to take your temperature.
  I'm not afraid to use it because I'm very afraid of getting COVID.
  I am not.
  I'm not robbing you.
  I'm just going to quietly take your temperature.
  I just want to know everyone in here has a normal around 98.
6 temperature vaccinated.
  We are.
  We did it.
  Yeah.
  And not only that, but it's we're past the well, let's invoke the phrase that was invented  on the second gate, which is after second shot or ass.
  We are two weeks asked.
  Yes.
  So now we can we can do this.
  We're back in person.
  Back in the yard.
  Still yard.
  Yeah, I was going to say we're stepping it back.
  It's a phased reopening.
  Yeah.
  To use theme park parlance.
  Did you guys see on our Reddit someone did what we asked and got the vaccine while wearing  a pot tannic shirt?  Oh, wait, I was tagged in something.
  Or was that all on Reddit?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Ribbit King 17 here is getting his vaccine with the pot tannic shirt on.
  Damn.
  And very funny.
  If you don't know what we're talking about, one of our original characters is a version  of E.
T.
's teacher from the Green Planet, who appears on the E.
T.
 Riot Universal.
  But Tanikis is his the real character's name.
  And our version is called Pot Tannic Kush because he loves getting high.
  He's a real.
.
.
  Like a shady bootleg Bart version.
  And wow, I don't remember why we asked for it.
  I barely remember that we asked for it.
  But he remembered.
  That's the important thing.
  Yeah, yeah, he did it.
  He followed the assignment.
  And I hope it was great.
  I hope it made the experience better for him in some intangible way.
  Yeah, I don't know where this gentleman lives.
  If it was at Magic Mountain, I think he would have probably pointed it out because that  would have been the ultimate Magic Mountain and the Pot Tannic Kush shirt.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, right.
  Hey, this, you know, it's a sad time as much as it's great that things are reopening.
  It is sad that all of the theme park parking lot vaccination sites are closing.
  Yes.
  We didn't get to experience, I'd say any of them.
  Yeah, I just ended up, you know, doing it as like a medical facility.
  A place.
  Yeah, sorry.
  We all we bombed on the content front.
  We didn't do it at silly places typically.
  Yeah, it seemed important to do.
  So maybe just do it at the place you can get one.
  Also, I'm not sure it was it.
  It just would have been like, there's a roller coaster in my rear view and my arm hurts a  little.
  Yeah, it wasn't like on the lift hill.
  There was like a Valencia teen with syringe and he jabbed you and the way and then on  the way down, you'd be like, I'm vaccinated.
  And you have to wait 15 minutes.
  So they just keep running a ride.
  Yeah, going on.
  Yeah, Viper over and over.
  I had the very L.
A.
 experience of like after I got in the 15 minute waiting room, they're  like, would you like a Voss water?  And they were giving out giant canisters, the big tubes of Voss water.
  And I was like, L.
A.
, baby.
  Nothing like it.
  Yeah.
  Did you pocket some for home for later?  I drank it and it did not help me getting fucking hosed by the side of it.
  Just getting fucking wrecked by the second shot.
  Yeah.
  This lined up pretty much as you would expect within the podcast, The Ride World, that I  don't really know.
  Mike, seems like you were pretty OK.
  I was pretty OK.
  Jason knocked on his ass.
  I didn't feel great after the first one, but it was by the next morning.
  It was fine.
  But the second one, it was like, well, but still preferable to the virus.
  I'd say so.
  Yeah.
  Don't use that as an excuse.
  Go get vaccinated.
  The first one was fine.
  I didn't feel anything.
  The second shot, I will say, like I was in, I was like very tired for the first half of  the day after I got it.
  And then like at night, I was still tired, but I played video games.
  Like it was fine.
  I could have done something if I had to, but you know.
  I felt fine.
  I kept turning all kinds of different shades and colors and stripes, like a Heffa-Lumps  and Woozles montage.
  I was going to say, like a Heffa-Lumps and Woozles.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was sort of akin to that.
  I'd look in the mirror one second and I have bright red spots and then big yellow stripes  and then just like half black, half white right down the middle.
  But besides that, I mean that was, and that's cool.
  That's fun, yeah.
  It was trippy.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  So Jason was incapacitated.
  Although was there something you had done on the same day as the Pfizer, you used the  Pfizer, right?  Yeah.
  There wasn't like an activity, I don't know, a laundry of some kind.
  Oh, no, no.
  I should have hydrated more.
  I knew I was just like, but I didn't want to get caught in like the drive through like  vaccine, like get stuck there and go like there's nowhere to use a bathroom, you know?  So I was like weighing my options.
  So I guess, I don't know.
  That's what a lot of people, people who are like pounding water in the days leading up  to it seem to be doing very well.
  But go, yeah, if you're out there and you're hesitant, get it, get the vaccine.
  With us as an example, look what you get to do.
  Talk about an old Epcot ride, but not on zoom.
  This is the kinds of dreams you'll be living.
  If you, I assume, what is the percentage?  What possibly, it could literally be like one listener.
  Oh, who hasn't, maybe, I don't know.
  I think there's still, I think a lot of folks are just like, maybe like, oh, is it open  yet?  Okay, I'll go get it.
  Like, you know.
  It's not malicious.
  It's not like some backwards point of view.
  It's just like, yeah, I'll get around to it.
  So I think, yeah, like you probably can get it now.
  Go get it.
  Why not?  There's a few people I've talked to who are like, yeah, I just got mine last, like the  first one, like two days ago.
  And I'm like, oh, okay, just got around to it, huh?  All right.
  There's some of that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, wait, because not everybody's like us applying Galaxy's Edge opening morning logic  of like, well, we need to be stalking this.
  We need to be on a complicated website.
  We need to have some satisfaction from getting it done very slightly earlier than other people.
  I mean, also, let's say, you know, California had like, you know, was really rationing it  and then just opened the doors and you can just get it at like Burger King now.
  But the other states have had rockier rollouts.
  Yeah, that's true.
  And depending on where you live and everything.
  Yeah.
  You know, they're not all as like put together as a miniaturized exploration technologies  organization.
  The fictional company and organization in today's show.
  And that brings up, that might be a good future fake Final Four is fake acronyms for fake  organizations within the world.
  Oh, absolutely.
  Worldwide Engineering Brigade, the upcoming Spider-Man.
  This was reminding me of web.
  I know as we enter the era of web, let's flash back to the era of Met.
  Which is off of MetLife, the sponsor that almost didn't occur to me.
  Yes, I think I started to dislike it more when I put that together.
  I was like, oh, man, that's pretty good.
  It's pretty clean.
  And I was like, oh, MetLife.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Much more eye rolly when you realize why they why they did it.
  Yeah.
  Hey, you know what?  This is a topic I feel like we were saving for this moment when we're when we're back  open for business.
  We're back in person because we we won the body war.
  The three of us did.
  The world's starting to win it.
  Some of the world covid's over.
  It's done.
  There's no more covid.
  And we won the body war.
  We're as victorious as Dr.
 Cynthia Lair.
  Right.
  Well, we certainly all feel like Dr.
 Cynthia Lair right now.
  I do like to think of the Moderna going through my bloodstream like a little vehicle of some  kind.
  I think it's like a violent white blood cell attacking Elizabeth Shue at like the height  of her powers.
  Real run of hits.
  I just started watching the boys and I would argue Elizabeth Shue still at the height of  her power.
  I think she's really great on that show.
  Oh, I forgot she was in.
  I haven't done that yet.
  Yeah.
  But this is like, yeah, I was looking in the filmography how right before the two credits  before on IMDB are adventures in babysitting and cocktail.
  And then right after is Back to the Future 2 and 3.
  Thankless role in 2 and 3, I'd say so.
  But it's still cool.
  She looks cool.
  She's in a cool vest.
  Cocktail is a pretty ridiculous movie, but I had a really fun time watching it.
  That's all great to me.
  And then this ride, which is, you know, it's weird, but it's still great.
  On her end, it is an awesome body of work of weird stuff.
  Tim Matheson in it too.
  So both her and Matheson and of course, director Leonard Nimoy.
  That's a big get coming off of directing the hit Three Men and a Baby, the Touchstone film.
  Which I believe is how they were able to, I forget, it's not in the Disney war book.
  It might've been in a Disney dish episode where they're like, oh, they were able to  glass him into doing this because they already had him around.
  Like they were like, hey, what else you want to do?  Three Men and a Baby, big hit.
  What else you want to do?  And it's so Star Trek-y and it's crew and the way they speak on the thing.
  So they're like, well, this guy, this guy.
  And he's probably, he had two of the Star Trek movies under his belt, including the  whale one.
  He did three and four.
  Yeah, three is fine.
  Four is good.
  Yeah.
  You've seen the whale one?  Yeah, that's the only one I've seen.
  Is that true?  You've only seen one Star Trek movie and it's the whale one?  Yeah, yeah.
  That's off of my wife, Erin's POV.
  She's like, I don't know anything about any of Star Trek.
  I just liked the San Francisco 80s whale movie.
  To her, it's like these are all new characters who never returned or did anything before.
  It is, it is good.
  I haven't watched it in a little while.
  Two, the original Star Trek movies, it's like two, four and six are good.
  One is fine, but boring.
  Three is fine.
  Five is the one that Shatner directed and it's awful.
  It is awful.
  It's by far the worst one, but it does start out with the three main guys with Bones, Spock  and Kirk all like vacationing in like a national park together.
  And I forget who, I think it's Kirk falls off a mountain and then like somebody has  like wrote like rocket shoes that shoots up.
  I think it's Nimoy and catches him and it looks real bad.
  The whole thing is, it's worth a watch.
  But I think all of them are worth a watch.
  I'm a big fan of all those movies.
  I think the only one I have seen is the first JJ Abrams.
  Really?  Yeah, I used to watch the original original Star Trek in syndication a lot.
  And then I have watched pieces of Next Generation and then I guess random episodes of like DS9  and Enterprise.
  And yeah, I don't know if I've ever sat down and watched one of the movies all the way  through besides the first.
  I think these are not regarded as like, you're not exactly seeing lists say the top hundred  films of all time.
  Wrath of Khan makes some of a list once in a while.
  Wrath of Khan does make lists like that.
  There's the 90s ones that for sure got a lot of ads in comic books, but he is surprising.
  Oh yeah, my beloved Star Trek Generations where Captain Kirk meets Captain Picard and  they are, they go horse race or like horse riding together.
  I think as a kid I was like, oh I get that.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  It's a very goofy movie, but I've watched that a million times.
  Anyway, it is not a Star Trek podcast, but it is exciting.
  But there's a Star Trek guy, one of the major people is behind the camera of simulator footage.
  I have one more thing about him, which is then I was like, what else is, because that's  a pretty strong run.
  Three Men and a Baby, big hit.
  Star Trek movie is very visible and he's taking the reins of his own franchise.
  Disney Ride, cool.
  And what do you do after?  And then it's kind of like a, there's a Gene Wilder movie that didn't do very well.
  There's a Diane Keaton movie that didn't do very well.
  And then a movie I've never ever heard of in my life.
  And I think the glare outdoors will make it difficult to show you this, but I'll just  describe it.
  There's a poster for a movie called Holy Matrimony.
  Does anyone know Holy Matrimony?  That's familiar.
  It's Patricia Arquette is in like, you know, shorts and a denim shirt and she's Anna Bridal.
  And so she's getting married, but her beau, the person she's marrying is a young Joseph  Gordon Levitt, like a very young, right around Angels in the Outfield looking at the camera  like, huh?  And he's, it's not Amish, but it's like a similar, very like strict sect.
  Oh, Mennonite?  No, still not Mennonite.
  What is the word?  Quakers?  Hutterite is what it is.
  And it's some, she's like a schemer and she ends up having a like, her husband dies and  it's the older brother of kid Joseph Gordon Levitt and they have to get married and they  kiss in it apparently.
  Yeah.
  If you can imagine, if all of these details, if you're not surprised that these did not  propel the box office above $1 million.
  And I think the Nehemiah directing career kind of sputtered out after Holy Matrimony.
  There's no other movie after 94.
  That just is the end.
  But.
  He released a number of photo books.
  I believe he was an avid photographer.
  Yes, he was a photographer.
  He had many like showings, gallery showings.
  The last directing credit he has is another thing that comes up on podcasts a lot.
  It is a TV episode of the TV show Deadly Games, the show that Christopher Lloyd plays Sebastian  Jackle.
  Oh, it's that.
  I was staring right at it probably on the day that we recorded an episode where we talked  about Sebastian Jackle again.
  And somehow the phrase Deadly Games is so undistinct it didn't even jump out of the  website at me.
  Sebastian Jackle, yes.
  Wow.
  So, yeah.
  We're going to have to, that's all going to have to culminate in something at some point.
  We're going to have to watch some of this show or discuss it.
  Maybe that'll be, that will be to us as Holy Matrimony was to Nimoy's directing career.
  That's where it all takes a nose to.
  Yes.
  Or we just find like a really great lost thing, you know?  Yeah.
  There could be a real gem in there.
  Well, we'll go digging.
  We'll go piloting our ship around episodes of Deadly Game.
  But the basics of this that we haven't said, this is Epcot.
  Epcot, 1989 opening day, not opening day attraction for Epcot, but opening day for the Wonders  of Life pavilion.
  We have discussed several other things in this pavilion.
  We've discussed Cranium Command.
  We recently, unpleasantly discussed the making of me on the second gate.
  I was trying to find if there were TV ads for body wars and there's ones that kind of  split the, they say it's the Wonders of Life pavilion where this happens.
  And one of them is saying there's this ride where you get miniaturized and go into the  human body.
  But the other one was watch a human birth every 20 minutes.
  And then it's the footage that we discussed of like the pretty realistic right out of  the womb baby.
  And then it cuts to a little girl watching it like, hooray, like thrilled, smiling her  biggest Disney world smile.
  And this is how they advertise the Wonders of Life pavilion when it opened in 89.
  Well, this is what I remember.
  If you can see this image.
  Yes.
  Every brochure, Disney magazine, Disney adventures, like, and it is very similar to the one they  would use for Star Tours, which use the same simulator technology and open two months later.
  And this is your, it's like, yeah, very similar where it's the ship and you see through the  windshield and the ship, but in this case, the ship is being piloted through a blood  stream.
  Yes.
  Big bulbous blood cells that the ship's avoiding.
  My personal memories of this ride.
  I liked this ride a lot.
  Like, I was always excited for this.
  I mean, Star Tours has wrecks and my family loved MGM studios.
  So obviously had the lead on that front.
  But Body Wars had that allure of being nowhere.
  It was one of those theme park things.
  You couldn't see it anywhere else.
  You know, you could rent it at the video store.
  So I think I was always excited to go to the Wonders of Life pavilion and do that and  Cranium Command.
  I also have a very clear memory of eating at the restaurant, the counter service restaurant,  which I did.
  Oh, I can't find the name of it now.
  I don't know the name of that offhand.
  I found it online.
  I'll look it up.
  Was it like it was healthier food because this was a health pavilion?  In theory, an 80s version of it.
  90s or 80s version of healthy food.
  Yeah.
  So I found the rough descriptions of the menu.
  When it closed, that healthy restaurant was resorting to hot dogs and potato chips.
  When it opened, it was, you know, healthy things like wraps and Caesar salads and bran  waffles.
  My memory is eating a bagel with cream cheese that you could then customize at a station  where you could put bananas and strawberries on it.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, it's a little carb heavy and fat.
  It's like, oh, by the way, the bananas and strawberries are sitting in simple syrup.
  So it's like pie filling.
  So health.
  Enjoy your health.
  Bagel cream cheese with pie filling on top.
  On a bagel, yes.
  All the healthiest components.
  Yeah.
  It's very healthy goo that this fruit has been marinating in.
  Yeah.
  Is there like that's still, we've talked about this before.
  Like when you were like this big bowl of iceberg lettuce I'm eating is very healthy.
  This is good for me.
  It's got blue cheese smothered on it.
  But yes.
  Mmm.
  Iceberg lettuce.
  Well, and mixed with like, you know, we're going to have to get into like the bizarre,  like if we could just find like a lot of menus from 1971 when Disney World opened, like what  the fancy dinners were across Disney World.
  Oh yeah.
  Cookbook, I think you can find scans of online.
  I think there's a cookbook.
  And man, if you like chicken a la king, this is your vacation destination.
  If you like chicken and various cream sauces and a side and a little cup of brandy to sip  on you're set, man.
  Every restaurant had that you think?  I think so.
  The name of the restaurant in Wonders of Life was called Pure and Simple.
  And I don't know that it was either.
  It's called Ice Cold Waffles.
  That's what that means.
  Ice Cold Wrap.
  Ice Cold Damp Wrap is probably what they should have called it.
  Wraps are damp.
  I know that's that like squishy.
  Yeah, boy.
  I'm so glad that I didn't I don't even like looking at them like a cut up wrap.
  If you if you determine that's the catering for something you're at or the meal on a shoot  or something, it's such a like shot to the morale.
  Oh no.
  If you can get it made and watch them slice it and hand it to you and get it done in 10  minutes.
  Delicious.
  But on a platter or like in a box at the airport?  No.
  Oh, they had times ahead.
  Togos like wrap.
  I remember eating that a lot.
  I think we like we've talked about wraps before.
  We were fooled by wraps.
  Tricked by wraps.
  I've been eating awful food for years.
  Yeah, just get the bread.
  I don't know.
  Like I guess.
  Just eat a club sandwich at that point.
  Or yeah, or just like get a real go get some real food, like just get protein and some  vegetables.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I yeah, I think I must have went when there were when they switched to hot dogs.
  And I think I thought, oh, is it like somehow like a healthier hot dog?  And now looking back like, no, I think it was not.
  I think that is just a hot dog.
  No, this pavilion is open seasonally if you're if at all.
  So yeah, mostly not these days.
  So I think something to underline that that you said already, if people don't know this  ride and some people might not know this ride.
  So it is you are miniaturized in a little ship.
  You take a trip through the bloodstream.
  You're supposed to just see something just beneath the skin.
  And then you wander all around the body.
  Things go haywire and you go everywhere in the body.
  And that's the vague part of the ride.
  Sounds cool, right?  And it was cool.
  I like some components of this for sure.
  But the big thing is that it is Star Tours.
  It is completely Star Tours.
  The format is the same.
  The line is the same where you see videos, pre-ride videos are the same and those are  the same videos.
  And then you get into the same cabin.
  It's the same molding.
  The thing comes down at the same time.
  There's a monitor over on the right and sometimes there's a guy on it.
  And sometimes there's some text on a smaller monitor.
  There's warps.
  The moves all feel similar.
  Uh huh.
  And just as a timeline, original Star Tours Disneyland opens 87.
  This is up in 89.
  And then as Jason said, two months later, real Star Tours opens down the street at  Disney MGM Studios.
  Yes.
  I feel like they would never like muck things up like that today.
  Where like two, like the same.
  Like they didn't even like do a paint job that would trick you.
  It just is exactly like you walk in, oh I see it's Star Tours.
  And they open two months apart.
  Yeah.
  Like when they open Star Tours, the adventure continues.
  They on the same day, they open that in Disneyland over in California Adventure.
  They open the Little Mermaid ride.
  Very different experiences.
  Yeah.
  So not the same.
  So they've opened different attractions and different parks simultaneously or within a  few days or weeks of each other.
  But yeah, exactly the same.
  Like the same technology is weird.
  With like characters around.
  Like with R2D2 and C3PO hanging out in the line.
  It's weird.
  Like when they did, when Transformers came to Hollywood and Universal, I remember thinking  oh it's the same exact ride system.
  But now that I'm remembering this, it's not nearly as egregious.
  Because it is absolutely, because you get in the vehicle, you're like oh it's exactly  Spider-Man.
  It's exactly the same thing.
  But then you're like it's just different disorienting videos.
  Yeah.
  And they didn't have a Spider-Man kind of thing out here.
  Right.
  I mean eventually they put Transformers in.
  So like I would think like if you were in Florida, you're like oh it's kind of the same  ride.
  But it's varied enough and you see so much different imagery that it's like, yeah whatever,  it's fine.
  It doesn't even feel as egregious as Indiana Jones and Dinosaur.
  No.
  Which we've determined, it's very well hidden.
  The fact that it is the same track layout and kind of the same moves throughout.
  But you just go, I see, they used a vehicle inspired by, it's like in the family of Indiana  Jones.
  As opposed to, there's something about walking in a room and it's the same room.
  It just feels lazy or something.
  Yeah it does.
  I would think they would have dressed up because like you look at the ceiling on it and as  a kid I don't, it didn't register with me.
  I didn't care I guess.
  But when you look at the videos now and I go yeah it's the same exact thing where it's  like mimicking like sitting in an airplane and it's got the air vent things that you  can't touch or whatever.
  Or the lights and the air vents that you would have over you, whatever you call them on a  plane.
  But it's like wouldn't they just like change that?  Like wouldn't they change something about the cabin to make it look different?  Because in Star Tours you're on it is like an equivalent of a flight.
  Yeah right.
  But this is only framed to us as you're on a mission, you're going into skin.
  Right.
  You're going in.
  So like I don't expect to have like a button I can press for a flight attendant.
  Yeah or like a button you would press to read a book in there.
  You're on a mission.
  We're on doing something very important.
  Like I don't know why it would just be, you would change the ceiling or something.
  Yeah.
  I mean I think this, like so many Epcot attractions, the story is, okay we started really big and  we scaled back to what was feasible and what was affordable and what the sponsor would  fork up money to.
  Although I have to say, unlike some of the other like older Epcot attractions that we've  covered before, the thing that's surprised me about this is reading across multiple websites,  multiple videos about this attraction, the narrative, everyone agrees it's exactly this.
  There's no, like Horizons is so many different like, oh and then they thought about this  and they thought about this.
  Living Seas has a lot of like, well they considered this and someone else hones in on this.
  This it's just like, okay was this, this, you know, this is why it was closed and this  is why this happened.
  Like I was shocked at like how, because the narrative is never the same.
  If you try to look up how many people does Disneyland hold, you will find like 20 different  blogs with 20 different answers, you know?  Or rides are always accused of like, well that closed because it like, you know, jerked  seven people into the sky and they never came down.
  Or the ride fell into a hole.
  People are always trying to find some reason.
  There's legends of things, but this is not so legendary is what you're saying maybe.
  Yeah, pretty cut and dry.
  It was a little too out of the way.
  Sponsor dropped out a few years before and yeah, I don't know.
  We're just not feeling it.
  It's just not worth it.
  Lazyness.
  Oh.
  Not wanting to put a human being over there is why they didn't keep it open.
  And the big thing that kept coming up, which I had no idea this is something everyone agreed  on about this ride, it made people queasy?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  I fall into the stereotype on that maybe.
  I liked aspects of this.
  I remember looking forward to it a lot whenever I went on it.
  But like, I'm sure the last time I went on it, I felt it.
  Even though it is so similar to Star Tours, which I've never had a problem with, there's  something about, it's the blood component.
  I think that you're in blood.
  You know where it happens for me and we'll step through what happens in the ride, but  you like, you know, you start in a general bloodstream and then you end up in different  body parts and you end up in the lungs.
  Something about seeing like, there's just the icky, ethereal, it all just looks like,  you know, it's various goo's that you're floating in and it's a little creepy.
  And then the tissue opening and closing of the lung and then mixed with, there's not  like score in this that's fine.
  You're just hearing gasping and that freaks me out.
  Just like, oh.
  That's interesting.
  I'm trying to think.
  My friend, his whole life, he would, in health class, like if there was blood talk or certain  things like that, he would feel very lightheaded.
  Once in a while would pass out.
  Were we nice about it?  Did we, we were like, aha, you're going to pass out?  Probably.
  Probably.
  We were mean.
  I will say that.
  That's certainly the nature sometimes of growing up.
  People were mean to me about things too.
  But anyway, so I would see that.
  And I remember that like the blood stuff wouldn't really make me lightheaded.
  But anytime we were in health class, and I apologize, this is very, this is body, this  is going to be body talk.
  There were diagrams of what a circumcision looked like.
  And I remember feeling like I might pass out.
  So I feel like everyone has their own level of like the realities of like the body and  certain things.
  Being reminded that you're like a machine.
  Everyone's got a different thing probably that makes them go, oh, oh God.
  Now circumcision is like cutting.
  So I get that.
  But like, you know, that makes sense to me.
  But I actually hadn't even thought of it because I never had that reaction to the ride when  I was on it.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think too, the detail that kept coming up, again, same details kept coming up, but  that an Imagineer went in with a joystick and programmed two like moments in the footage  of like, okay, and in this point, you're kind of floating in the bloodstream.
  So the ride's going to be rocking a little.
  And this point, yeah, the lungs are like breath in, breath out.
  So the ride will be like going back and forth.
  And I was like, oh yeah, it did kind of do that in a way that Star Tours did not.
  You know, it's, I mean, years later, they would sort of simulate breath.
  Of course, on Flight of Passage, the Avatar ride where you feel the great beast breathe  between your legs.
  Which you pointed out.
  I might have missed it.
  Yeah, no, I'm just saying.
  So like, yes, that's interesting because I think as a kid, I don't have a strong memory  of that, but watching it again, I'm like, oh yeah, okay, that makes sense that you can  feel like lungs breathing.
  And that's got to be, that's both cool and it is a little unnerving.
  It is a little unnerving and that the probably, I'm sure some people, it helped that the footage  is so CG and abstract and then other people, it's just like, I am in blood.
  I am in lungs.
  I am in blood.
  This is weird.
  Yeah, it is weird.
  I mean, I, yeah, that is interesting.
  I'm trying to remember if I was scared of this because I was scared so much, but this  ride more than even like Horizons and almost any, like other than Spaceship Earth, I remember  this ride and I liked this ride a lot.
  For whatever reason, I enjoyed being in the blood.
  I enjoyed flying through blood, I guess.
  Sure.
  I think I just simplified it.
  It's like, oh, at MGM Studios, the simulator is Star Tours, at Epcot, it's Body Wars and  we'll do one, one day, one the other day.
  I like it in the themes.
  I like flying through space.
  I like flying through blood.
  Both equally good.
  Everyone's dreams.
  I like the art rest and I like the way the doors open.
  Yeah, yes.
  Yeah, I know.
  That's, you bring up a good point.
  I don't know if we talked with Star Tours before.
  I do just like nestling my hands in there.
  Hopefully soon.
  I think I'll be there soon and I'll really dig them in.
  It'll feel good to feel those things again.
  Those little lips.
  But yeah, I don't, and I don't think I have the squeamishness and maybe it's like the  blood, when you're in the blood and you're looking at the splinter, I don't feel anything.
  I think the lungs creep me out.
  And the lungs, I guess you're not even in, there just isn't fluid.
  The lungs are just, it's just weird.
  It feels gassy or a little, it's hazy in the lungs.
  Whatever's going on in there is just a room I do not want to experience.
  Yeah.
  Well, the body is horrifying.
  I mean, it's horrifying.
  It's worse than any Cronenberg movie or any body horror movie.
  It's like when you watch any videos of surgery or anything, you really, it just feels like  an alien and it feels really bizarre.
  I don't like thinking about everything that's in here.
  It's weird too when you have a kid, when you start, you go like, he was not around.
  He didn't exist and there's a heart and we made the heart, this heart exists because  we, yeah, yeah.
  How did you do that?  It doesn't make any sense.
  It's a trick, man.
  I'll tell you.
  You have a liver.
  Where'd that even come from?  Yeah.
  It's like, what did you, where were you guys smoking before you even did that?  It's crazy.
  Yeah.
  So you have like, you have three nostrils.
  That's so weird.
  Do other babies not have three nostrils?  Is that very uncommon?  Yeah.
  He's got like a, like monsterism.
  He's got a problem.
  I'm trying not to talk about him.
  Yeah.
  So I would imagine that like, I would be interested to know like, are the only people that would  go on it and be fine, like doctors, would doctor, a whole car full of doctors be fine  on it because they were used to seeing stuff like this.
  And I kind of get like the examples that like Theme Park Tourist or Mouse Planet, I think,  had big write-ups about this ride.
  Okay.
  Well, there was this movie, Fantastic Voyage that was a big hit and that was about being  shrinking a ship down and going in the bloodstream adventures into inner space.
  Adventures through inner space.
  I'm messing it up off the cuff.
  I was just thinking how I get, I think whatever I thought it was is not what it is.
  And there is a movie called Inner Space 2, but like those well received like concepts,  people can wrap their head around, but through inner space, Disneyland.
  Yes.
  Wait, I think is it plural or is it, I think it might be adventure singular and that is  what I was getting wrong.
  Oh yeah, you're right.
  No, it is adventure through inner space.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think I've made that mistake my whole life and I regret it very much.
  I am working on learning the Pixar bar that used to be the cove bar is called the Lamplight  Lounge.
  Not Lamplighter.
  Not Lamplighter.
  Oh, I do that one too.
  Even though Disney has had multiple movies featuring Lamplighter characters and you know  Disney Lamplighter.
  Jack the Lamplighter from Mary Poppins Returns.
  That's right.
  Yes.
  That's what he is.
  He's a Lamplighter.
  He's not a chimney sweep, he's a Lamplighter.
  Yeah, see his costume at the Bowers Museum, Southern California, till the end of June.
  Jack, Jack's Lamplighter costume?  Jack's Lamplighter costume.
  Well it's a Disney archive, I think it was an exhibit they've either had for a while  or they had to push for a while, but it's got Dick Tracy's coat.
  It's got a Rex.
  Carly was just there.
  I just saw that in her feed.
  Yeah, I didn't know there was a Rex.
  And the Lamplighter.
  What am I doing here?  Time to go.
  Yeah.
  And the Lamplighter.
  And his name is Jack, not Fake Burt.
  No, he's not called Fake Burt.
  Mary Poppins doesn't keep calling him Fake Burt within scenes.
  Is that so?  Fake Burt.
  No, I think, I mean maybe that was early in the shoot, but then they changed it later.
  Meryl Streep's character though is called, what is this?  What's going on?  You know Meryl Streep's character's name.
  Her name is Topsy.
  Oh yeah, we had all Topsy run.
  Yeah, Topsy.
  Jason loves Topsy.
  I don't think Jason laughs harder than when I say the word Topsy.
  I think it's that you're saying Topsy and you add it fast.
  Like you add, no.
  She's turning turtle.
  Her name is Topsy.
  What?  I'm just saying things that happen in the movie and you're laughing.
  Topsy.
  It's just the wonderful tales that Rob Marshall spins just make me smile.
  It's when stuff gets turned on its head, you say you're turning turtle.
  For the future part of this episode, if I take a normal convention and I turn it on  its head, you can tell me I'm turning turtle.
  Call each other out.
  If I'm starting an exciting new business venture, I say I'm turning turtle.
  Yeah, if you're trying to disrupt, say you're going to do a rap business and you're going  to disrupt the normal rap business.
  Say you've got Saigon on, or you've got his phone number, you've got a relationship with  him.
  With who?  Isn't that the character in Entourage?  Isn't that the rapper?  Oh, yes.
  Saigon?  Yes.
  Thank you.
  Now I will say I did not have that reference right away.
  You have Topsy, I have Saigon.
  But you're right, that is a character on Entourage.
  That is correct.
  Scott looks confused.
  Yeah, I did get lost in there.
  Jason pulled the 30th most popular Entourage character out.
  Turning turtle.
  Turtle had a lot of failed business ventures.
  If anybody gets cast, is lucky enough to get cast in an Entourage reboot, then you might  be turning turtle.
  Yes, you might be turning turtle.
  We've got the best break of our careers, turning turtle.
  I keep getting emails from Jerry Farrar, is that the gentleman's name who played turtle?  His restaurant, Fat Sal's.
  I keep getting coupons for it.
  But I haven't been down there in many years, actually.
  So yes.
  Unused coupons?  What a tale.
  That turned my head turtle.
  A restaurant I don't think I've ever patronized before midnight.
  So I don't know that I'm remembering the coupon.
  Maybe I'm remembering the coupon.
  I don't know that others are remembering the coupon.
  It's like one of those places where they put fries on the hamburger.
  It's like they'll load up.
  It's excessive.
  That defies my expectations.
  And you know what that means.
  Turning turtle.
  Turning turtle, yeah.
  That is true.
  Where did we get on?  Where did the splinter off from?  Well, we were trying to clarify.
  We try to be accurate.
  We try to be accurate.
  Sometimes you're pulling a reference off the top of your head.
  Yeah.
  So adventure through inner space?  Oh, it's because of that.
  Adventure through inner space.
  Inner space.
  Not interspace.
  Not interspace.
  No.
  Yeah.
  So a number of things have explored this.
  And interspace kind of like had recently explored this.
  So it's in the consciousness.
  People really miss adventure through inner space.
  Replaced by StarTurret.
  Replaced by StarTurret.
  It's really strange how that all lines up.
  So this was in the air to happen, I suppose.
  The other piece of the history of it is that they wanted to do a dark ride that was going  through the human body.
  The title was going to be The Incredible Journey Within.
  But there's a quote you can find a bunch from Marty Sklar about how making a 30-foot heart  is going to be super complicated.
  Is that really going to maintain and be worth the.
.
.
  You're going to put in all that effort and then it's just going to end up looking kind  of cruddy anyway.
  So once StarTours comes around, oh, here, this is how we can do it.
  With the magic of ILM, Industrial Light and Magic.
  The other unbuilt thing, I feel like we could do a whole unbuilt Epcot thing.
  There's so much fascinating stuff.
  In Futureworld alone, it's interesting.
  And then you add in World Showcase, all the unbuilt countries.
  But they were thinking about doing a Carousel of Progress-style revolving theater called  Good Health Habits.
  About how life is a fun carnival.
  Life is fun.
  Nothing is more dynamic than the phrase Good Health Habits.
  Wait, it was about fun, but it was also going to be like how you should live?  Well, it was about good health habits.
  But the whole.
.
.
  The original concept art for the Wonders of Life pavilion is very midway carnival-y.
  Right, right, right.
  And it did have some of that in the center area, and it had little touches of that.
  But then it had very spare areas, like undecorated stuff too.
  Right.
  That would be interesting.
  Yeah, so like in the 80s, what did they think was living good?  What would have been good health habits?  Tab.
  Tab.
  You have your daily tabs.
  That would have been number one, probably.
  Jello, that's an easy way to get your fruit and your vitamins.
  Jello mold.
  Yeah.
  Tab.
  Coke?  What?  Coke?  Cocaine?  Both new and booger sugar?  Yes, cocaine was good still in the 80s.
  Ludes?  I guess ludes.
  Wolf of Wall Street is to be believed.
  Iceberg lettuce.
  Oh, iceberg lettuce with cream-based dressings.
  Yeah, just pour a bunch of cocaine on a bunch of iceberg lettuce, take a hit of that.
  Mixed with.
.
.
  Kind of cut it with some ranch dressing.
  Right.
  And it all gives me one big wrap.
  The biggest wrap you can find.
  Mixed with jello and NutriSweet.
  Just shake it up.
  And John from the Carousel of Progress presents all of that to you.
  We're doing cocaine now.
  And then do eat that thing and then mouser size.
  Yeah, right.
  Mouser size.
  Put it on your daily dose of mouser size.
  And look to your left, look to your right.
  Who is it?  Why, it's Ronald and Nancy Reagan joining you.
  Mm-hmm.
  And McGruff.
  And McGruff.
  Stay healthy or else.
  I'll bite ya.
  It threatens you into being healthy.
  Put blue cheese on everything.
  It makes it easier to eat.
  Choke down that garbage lettuce newspaper that we have to eat.
  I just need newspaper, but you shouldn't.
  I tried putting blue cheese on grass once and ate it and then took a shit on it and  it was fine.
  It was good.
  Whether you call it Thousand Island dressing or Russian dressing, it's an important part  of the food pyramid.
  Speaking of Ronald Reagan, a thing I found out about researching this is that Tim Matheson  played Ronald Reagan in National Geographic Channel's adaptation of Bill O'Reilly's book  Killing Reagan.
  Wow.
  And that's kind of, there is a child screened.
  It's not my child.
  Let me be clear about that.
  I was going to say he is well behaved, but that's actually just behind glass.
  He's in a glass box right now.
  Not in a cube.
  I mean a window.
  You put him in the Magneto.
  Plastic prison, yeah.
  All right, fine.
  I have a miniature Magneto prison where I sort of freeze my son until our important podcast  work is done.
  He's playing chess in there.
  That is a weird thing.
  That is a weird thing.
  I guess because Fox at the time and now Disney-Fox owns National Geographic, but they adapted  those Bill O'Reilly killing books as prestige TV made for TV movies.
  With Cynthia Nixon as Nancy.
  So strange.
  So is that movie about the attempted assassination of Reagan?  I think so.
  I think that's how the naming of his books started.
  He's attempted assassinated presidents.
  Then I think by the end he was just.
.
.
  Killing Lincoln.
  Which happened.
  Which happened.
  Kennedy happened.
  But Reagan did not happen.
  But does Bill O'Reilly do a Tarantino thing where he does kill Reagan at the end?  Is there a twist on it?  I don't think so.
  Did he kill Teddy Roosevelt?  I don't know.
  It was just a weird thing I came across.
  McGruff saved Reagan at the end of the book.
  No.
  You dove in front of the bullet.
  Yeah.
  Killing McGruff.
  Also, I was picturing for.
.
.
 until I looked at a picture of him, I was picturing Timothy  Busfeld, not Timothy Matheson.
  Both on the West Wing as different characters.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
  Those solid actors.
  And that's a solid confusion.
  That makes sense to me.
  Yeah.
  Both him.
  Throw Timothy Dalton in there and then there's a whole mess of confusion you can have.
  Yeah.
  But a different type.
  You probably wouldn't.
  And Matheson's good.
  He's good in this.
  Yes.
  I feel.
  Braddock.
  It's Captain Braddock.
  Captain Braddock.
  Captain Braddock.
  Who some literature I saw said was a former fighter pilot.
  And now he pilots little ships that get miniaturized into the human body.
  I don't know where they convey the fighter pilot.
  Is that made up?  I don't know.
  He's sort of po-Dameron-esque.
  He is very Dameron-esque, I agree.
  Did they say, maybe I missed this, did they say, is it in the future year or is it current  day on this ride?  I don't know if it's current day, right?  They say a year.
  They just imagine that there is technology up to this speed, but this isn't 2088.
  I think that's right, because I didn't come across anything, but I'm thinking of that  now.
  I'm wondering if that's what they were doing.
  But yeah, so I was just trying to figure out what war he may have served in as an Air  Force pilot.
  Oh yeah.
  So they made this in what, 89?  89 came out.
  Yeah, so he's what, he's like 30 something.
  Fictional alternate universe war that killed Reagan.
  Oh yeah, good point.
  It was like a war against aliens and he had to fly a plane himself like in Independence  Day and the aliens killed Reagan.
  It was when Reagan was governor of California.
  He fought, it was an alien attack specific to California.
  Yeah, it was California versus aliens.
  He led the California military.
  Right.
  There's a lot of those big old sounds now.
  The perils of outdoor recording.
  Yeah, there's a big car drove by.
  Of course, we've warned you before if there's a car that sounds old, probably jail.
  Yeah, the child has been sated by like wailing on a like old like car with a baseball bat.
  Someone's doing the street fighter bonus level where they beat up a car.
  He Honda beats up a car for bonus points.
  You talk about health.
  I think this is a good, this is what can be like a hearing test for the audio.
  How good is your hearing?  Can you hear the things happening around my yard?  Or are we referring to things that we didn't even need to address?  Probably didn't need to address most of them.
  Some of them I bet, I really don't know.
  Not sure.
  We'll never, you know, we'll never know.
  Yeah, but we might as well look, it fills time to talk about the sounds.
  It's just nice to talk to each other and see each other in person.
  And also I was startled a couple times, so I felt like I had to acknowledge it.
  Just so I didn't go like, oh.
  The audience would have noticed maybe that you seemed like you were scared a little bit.
  So you had to make it known why.
  Well, if I kept talking, yeah, I wouldn't make like, I was also thinking, you know,  we're learning today, Ellen is ending her talk show, but I was thinking today, should  I get some sort of an actor to scare you during the record like Ellen might do during  her show?  Oh, yes, she would have.
  She made people go into haunted houses and stuff.
  Yeah, but she would have like a person.
  She would have a person in a box.
  Have you ever seen like she would have a person sitting?  No, no, out on the show live when they were doing an interview, there'd be like a box  next to the person they wouldn't notice because it looked like just a piece of furniture.
  And a person would jump out of the box mid interview and scare the guest.
  Yikes.
  Like, and she would just do it for her own sick pleasure.
  And you know, that's what happens.
  You know, you didn't have to make that stuff up.
  Like in the 80s, you had luge, you had cocaine that would just naturally happen on a talk  show on like late period.
  Insane enough.
  You didn't have to contrive stuff like that.
  You just fell asleep in a box and didn't know why.
  But yes, and of course, Ellen, of course, Epcot celebrity Ellen DeGeneres.
  That's right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  How did did her show run longer than the ride did?  I believe 19 years, I think, is the show and the ride just shy of 18.
  Oh, wow.
  Okay.
  So that must be she was that's probably why she was riding it out, like probably tempted  to leave because everybody started saying she's mean.
  But like, I got to get the stats up.
  This has to go longer than my bad ride.
  Right.
  Yes, that's probably right.
  Oh, I thought you meant this ride.
  She was like, I'm outlasting body wars.
  Oh, yeah.
  She was trying to be body wars.
  Definitely.
  But going forward, especially if we're at my apartment, Jason, watch out, because if  there's a big box around you, I've hired an actor to scare you mid record.
  Okay.
  I want to keep you on your toes.
  But following proper current actor protocols where they'll have a mask and a face shield.
  Well, as we said, I have my temperature gun from earlier.
  You have your temperature gun.
  I will not allow them inside if they have a temperature.
  If I see you constantly zapping the box, a cardboard box, I will keep it.
  Sometimes a cough comes out of when we're inside.
  I will continue to take both of your temperatures during record to make sure you haven't had  any sort of elevation over and over.
  So when that yeah, when you hear a beep every minute, you'll know that we moved and you  stop hearing children yelling.
  Yes.
  Yes, exactly.
  That's what happened.
  Exactly.
  Where were we?  Oh, my God.
  I don't know.
  Okay, we're talking Braddock a little bit.
  Actually, I forgot there's another little Star Wars tie in with Braddock.
  Did you notice that he, much like Han Solo's dice, has a little lungs dangling from his  dash?  I did notice that.
  I like that.
  Yeah, I feel like the merchandise offering in Wonders of Life is that kiosk storefront  was pretty small.
  So I doubt you could buy the dangling lungs.
  I wish you could.
  Yeah, that would have been great.
  But obviously, I'd love to see like a long backstory of what the dangling lungs and where  they came from.
  I mean, Braddock, the Disney Plus spinoff series would be great.
  How do you transition from how do you get the name Braddock, first of all?  How do you transition from being a fighter pilot in a California alien war to being a  miniaturized vessel pilot for MetLife?  When we looked at it, there's a lot of story to tell is what they'll say in the press release.
  Yeah.
  So a lot more story left to tell.
  So yeah, I think that Ronald D.
 Moore is really going to be, it's all on his shoulders here.
  If he can get this sea off the ground, then we get all of it.
  We get all of it.
  Because if it doesn't work, it's all going to be back to the drawing board for years,  I'm afraid.
  But if he can get like Braddock in sea somehow, this is truly not that far fetched.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think Matheson's still gettable.
  I think he'd step into the famous jumpsuit again.
  Is that what he wears?  I don't quite recall.
  Brannox famous jumpsuit?  He's got a jacket.
  He's got kind of like a futurey.
  It's like a white outfit.
  Yeah, jacket.
  Kind of like Han Solo too.
  This ride has a Han Solo.
  So maybe you got to give it points over Star Tours, none of which have ever had a Han Solo.
  Right.
  He's never appeared.
  Poe appears on Star Tours now.
  And Finn as well.
  But yeah, they've never, for some reason, they can't get Harrison Ford to do a cameo.
  I mean, as a kid, I was like, where's the gang?  Where are the keywords?  Yeah.
  Well, and with Rise of the Resistance now, like it's part of the design of it.
  The gang will be there.
  Yes.
  And the contracts is the other thing it's a part of.
  Yeah.
  The gang showed up for like premieres and stuff.
  Those photos of Disney and James Studios where like very awkwardly styled Mark Hamill and  Carrie Fisher show.
  Like, Mark Hamill looks like it's like a weird like buzz cut.
  He looks like full metal jacket.
  He looks like really agitated.
  He had some interesting 90s looks, I feel like, when you go and watch Mark Hamill on  like talk shows.
  Yeah.
  Sometimes, yeah, you go, oh, he's really going for like a cool like kind of look here.
  Yeah.
  Like Harrison is never really.
  Doesn't experiment.
  Doesn't experiment as much.
  Yeah.
  With cool looks or with being part of things if he doesn't have to.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Which is good.
  It's cool.
  Calista.
  There's a new ride we got to go to.
  I got a bang on his ship.
  Got to go to Anaheim.
  Well, he saves all his energy.
  He saves up his energy for their big couples costumes.
  If you've seen their Halloween.
  Yeah, that's right.
  They're always something silly at Halloween.
  Yeah, they're always.
  Yeah, they have couples costumes and they're always bringing like two bottles of nice wine.
  And it's like, you know what?  I bet they're fun.
  I bet they're fun to hang out with.
  I hope they're back at it.
  That'll be also a sign that things are on the mend.
  I want to see their costume this year.
  Indiana Jones 5 starts recording.
  Goes behind the lens, whatever they call it.
  Lensing, lensing soon.
  So hopefully he'll.
.
.
  The variety languages.
  He can come back.
  Yeah.
  But we have these characters on Body Wars have not been remembered as fondly.
  There's not a, there's a fan culture surrounding Buzzy.
  There's obviously the robot butler horizons, all that stuff.
  These characters, I don't, I've never seen a single person online like mythologizing  them or mourning the loss.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  One of them doesn't really have a name.
  One of them's just Mission Control Officer.
  Yeah.
  So nobody's really thinking about Mission Control Officer.
  Yeah.
  I mean, like, I mean, dinosaur's still around, but I've seen people talk about dinos, the  characters on dinosaur and all, like I'm trying to think, is there, is there another big ride  that has been like, there's no affection for it ever anywhere online in the sense that  like people are not like, oh, I like, I like those characters in the, in the pre-show.
  I don't think you get to know them.
  I don't think there's really like a moment that tells you who they are.
  Braddock is confident.
  Cynthia Lair is also confident.
  Yes, sure.
  Professional.
  But similarly, but different.
  She's professional.
  Can these two ever make this expedition work?  It's missing.
  I guess, I guess maybe what I'm getting is like there's missing, there's missing some  Disney fun with the characters.
  Yeah.
  Very clinical, right?  Very clinical.
  The actors are all doing a good job.
  Yeah, yeah.
  What their characters need to do.
  And I don't know if that's a Nimoy choice, because Nimoy, you know, the cast of Star  Trek were all very specific characters, you know, like, I don't know.
  I don't know if Nimoy choice, maybe you just wanted to get this thing done.
  Everybody just would deliver the lie.
  I don't know what exactly, because like a lot of stuff, you know, is weird as Epcot is  and was more so was, there's still always like little pieces of fun, but this, this  is missing like that fun thing in it.
  Little bit.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it doesn't maybe compare too favorably to the similar ride Star Tours that would  open two months later.
  You know, Jason, you said the gang's not there, but hey, C3PO and R2D2R, you get, you know,  I think there's a really like strong contrast when you look at the pre-ride videos where  they take you through almost all the same steps that you can't smoke and you can't  take pictures and you know, how to buckle in your seatbelt.
  In the Star Tours pre-ride video, there's a bunch of kooky creatures and even if it's  just a human, they're wearing a weird cloak.
  Yes.
  There's like, there's even characters you know, right?  Chewbacca's in there.
  Yeah, there's one robot in the pre-show when they're loading in.
  There's like a metal thing that gets loaded into the, on the pre-show in the back.
  Well, I looked, I rewatched that a couple of times.
  That looks like someone wearing Wayne Zelinski's hat from Honey, I Shrunk the Kid.
  Oh yeah, weird.
  They put it under the chair and I'm like, is that an Easter egg or were they just like.
.
.
  Oh, interesting.
  Okay, so I thought that was some, maybe some like hybrid android character, but no, it  was not nearly as fun.
  It was just a man wearing a metal hat.
  I don't, I think they were a little canny about like referencing stuff back then, but  that feels like a very modern thing to put in like a nod or an Easter egg.
  Because I mean, the kid puts an Epcot like souvenir bag under his seat and then that  you see the helmet with arms.
  Which shows you that it's modern times, I guess, or that it was in 89.
  Yeah.
  Because the current, and that this lab is at Epcot.
  You're not going to another world.
  Right.
  It's really, like if this was a ride and they like, where we were just like at an observation  deck during a surgery, I get the clinicalness of it.
  But this doesn't, being shrunk does not exist.
  It's not real.
  I don't even think anyone's working on it to be fair, to be honest.
  I don't think this is, I think we'll be, I don't think anyone's thinking about shrinking  things right now.
  I think we're, I'm sure there are people working on teleportation, going to other dimensions,  fast space travel.
  I don't think anyone's working on shrinking experiments.
  So it is weird that it's lacking the fun whimsy of a goofy premise like this.
  Or like a, you know, that like a biff comes in and like knocks over something and then  ends up shrunken and we got to go rescue him.
  There's basically no fun or problem until midway through the actual ride, you know?  Like the conflict doesn't set in for a little bit.
  And even then it's charging a tiny ship battery.
  Like a microscopic battery.
  And like what she's investigating that like the patient, like everyone's very calm because  it's like, well, I guess the worst that could happen is the ship expands inside, when it's  inside this guy.
  And then you get into like Cronenberg and body horror.
  But like he's pretty calm because they're just kind of checking out a splinter.
  Yeah, they don't even put the guy under.
  This is a kind of, the processes they do, because it's not like, again, if you haven't  been on this ride, we're not saving a life.
  We're not going in to like do heart surgery with like guns in the front of the ship.
  It is just to check out stuff.
  We're just going to see.
  So like they don't have to put, the guy doesn't go down.
  He's just awake while tiny ship is beamed into his arm.
  Yeah, like I would, it would make more sense.
  I have not watched it yet.
  Scott mentioned a King Kong movie where he has open heart surgery.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  He has a heart transplant.
  They put a big mechanical heart.
  That makes sense.
  If we were trying to operate on a giant ape and it was like, you know what, we have a  ship, let's just send a ship in his bloodstream and let's like go that way.
  That makes more sense to me than the logic of let's figure out shrinking technology to  go into the body.
  Like that doesn't, it's so crazy that it should be fun.
  I guess really, I guess I'm restating what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think the thing that's missing from this that that Kong movie may have had, that's  not the Jeff Bridges one.
  That's the one.
  It's a follow up.
  It's like probably the same suit is being used.
  So it's still Dino De Laurentiis, I think still had the right.
  And that's what's missing.
  You don't have Dino going nuts.
  Well, Kong gets a, can I, spoiler alert, Godzilla Kong.
  Have you guys seen it?  I have, and I have a lot to say.
  Oh, you haven't watched it?  Am I allowed to spoil a little something?  Yeah, I probably will not.
  Oh, you should watch it.
  It's very fun.
  Okay.
  It's like a big, it's a big wrestling match.
  It's pretty fun.
  Rebecca Hall, is that who the one scientist was?  I don't know.
  I don't know a single actor in it.
  I thought she was terrific.
  Kyle Chandler's in it.
  Kyle Chandler's in it.
  I was there for the fights, for the animal fights, but there's a scene where Kong, they  have to get Kong's heart working again.
  Oh, great.
  Yes.
  And, and I, watching Kong Godzilla, I was like, this, whoever put this together knows  how to play with toys.
  This is, this was my thought processes or put together like fights.
  There's a lot of like wrestling style moves between the two of them that are fun.
  And then I saw a guy named, what is it, Adam Wingard?  Wingward?  I forget exactly how to, that's close.
  I'm like 80%.
  And then in HBO Max, it says like, which, which movies were inspiring Adam to like,  what are his favorite movies?  And the first two were like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Behind the Candle Abra.
  And I was like, this is my guy.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  I know you might be getting me on board now.
  And that one shot from Back to the Future, the Ride.
  I think we were talking about a lot.
  Yes.
  And yes.
  And he also mentions in an interview that the ride vehicle is very much Back to the  Future, the ride, like inspired.
  That's cool.
  Okay.
  So the whole thing feels like Martin Scorsese was talking about theme park rides as movies.
  And I totally agree with him, but I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing.
  No, that's where I lose.
  I get what he's saying, but it's like, how's that an insult?  You're saying the best comparison.
  Yeah.
  If he's right, like there should be more like different movies and interesting movies.
  I'm totally for that.
  Also theme park rides are usually like tight, you know what I mean?  In and out.
  Not two hours, 20 minutes.
  Yes, exactly.
  I wish the movies he's complaining about were tight like rides.
  But one of the two stars of this movie, one of the two name stars in this movie gets a  magical McGuffin halfway through.
  And that's kind of important.
  Oh, there's so much fun.
  I really like it.
  There's a whole spoiler alert, Hollow Earth section where there's like, he's jumping around  and it seems like Mario Galaxy Kong has jumped.
  And I was like, the whole thing, you don't think too much about it.
  It's real fun.
  It feels just like you're playing with toys.
  I like the Monarch organ.
  Did you like it?  Huh?  I did like it.
  But I was like, oh, they even the playing field because one of these guys, one of these  guys has more innate abilities and the other one gets a damn weapon.
  Well, I think what happens is I don't want to get a whole thing.
  I think because they have to make a deal between the company that owns Godzilla and Kong.
  So they have to make.
.
.
  Companies own them?  Well, Legendary has like the rights to make them in America.
  Oh, not in the real movie.
  I don't even know if they're in the film.
  They're owned by the company, the Monsters.
  Well, kind of.
  There's a little bit of like creepy startup guy.
  I mean, the real, the lesson of the movie is the real winner is the friends we made  along the way.
  There's a lot of movies.
  But I think there's a negotiation along the lines of like, you know, when two big famous  action heroes are in a movie and they can't lose.
  You've heard rumors of like the Rock can't lose in a movie or like.
.
.
  Oh, yes.
  And the other people, other actors, I've heard for sure that's the case.
  I can't look bad in a movie.
  So I think there's a negotiation of like who could look better, which monster could look  better.
  So I won't spoil any more past this, but I think you watching and I go, OK, I see what  happened here.
  They let that one win basically, but this one got to do a cool thing at the end.
  There's some very fun stuff in the movie and multiple people have called out like within  the first 15 minutes, a character just with with no shaken confidence just goes like,  well, there can only only one alpha Titan can can be at any given time.
  And it's like, of course, I agree.
  We all know this.
  Only one alpha Titan.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  The rules.
  Yeah.
  Guys, we're not talking about things.
  We're talking about the tiniest things.
  We're not the tiniest chips.
  But we want like Mr.
 DNA or something to show up like we would.
  That would help.
  Yeah.
  A talking white blood, a talking red blood cell, white blood cell that like are taking  us on the journey or something.
  What is that?  I didn't say we were talking about like when you imagine the star tours pre ride, we're  like, here comes the monsters.
  They're walking into the ship in this one.
  It's a bunch of scientists.
  Yeah.
  Which has its own joy to it.
  But like, wow, 40 scientists, scientists and a handful of tourists.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  One figment hat, which is nice.
  Nice to see that figment hat.
  Right.
  But yeah, it would be I mean, I don't think when the pandemic started, I don't think any  of the people's solution was like, let's shrink things and go into each person's body and  get rid of that spiked protein that attaches itself.
  Sounds like a quadrant that's wide open for disruption.
  Am I right?  Yeah, you're going to turn it turtle.
  Turning it turtle.
  Well, why would this all could have been happened sooner, I think, if we'd just gotten a little  ship in there and gotten our Cynthia layers.
  Yeah.
  Gotten Fauci and the like the less good, the one who didn't object to the bleach strongly  enough.
  But she's fine still.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Dr.
 Birx.
  Yeah.
  Get them all on a ship.
  Load up a ship.
  It's got to be 40 scientists.
  You definitely cannot just have one or two.
  You need 40 scientists all to be shrunk and a couple of tourists for fun.
  I would like to start a QAnon conspiracy theory that that is actually what the vaccine is.
  That sends a little vehicle into your bloodstream.
  I don't think you'd have to reach very far to convince some people.
  That is the case.
  Oh my God.
  You could like take footage from this ride.
  Like still like, look, look, the ship.
  You could see it.
  And they're sending it right into the elbow.
  And that's what and then look, here's POV of it swimming around and it's in the lungs.
  Now it's in the brain.
  This is what's happening.
  They're putting, they just laid the, it just shot a tracker into that spine.
  It's not yet.
  It's not a microchip.
  It's a little vehicle with a man named Braddock and they're sending that into each person.
  And they're sending it in and Hollywood's in on it.
  You know, there's this first off, Nimoy's in on it.
  This goes very deep.
  That doctor is not a doctor.
  It's acclaimed actor, Academy Award winner Elizabeth Shue.
  And now she's on an Amazon show called The Boys.
  Jeff Bezos knows Bill Gates.
  Divorced club.
  It's all connected.
  Disney, Iger, they're all in it together.
  Disney knows new Steve Jobs.
  They're all, it's all combining.
  When Leonard Nimoy was dying, Bill Gates was at his bedside.
  Nimoy put his hands on Bill Gates' face and said, remember.
  And he mind melded with Bill Gates and put his consciousness like at the end of Star  Trek Wrath of Khan.
  So Bill Gates has the information in his head that Nimoy gave him.
  So that's exactly how this whole thing got together.
  That's a very good reference to Star Trek movie.
  I just want to put that out there in case you don't know.
  And the Bezos, you can see it, it's right in front of us now.
  The Bezos super yacht with the second yacht that's a support yacht.
  They shrink the support yacht goes in his body when he gets sick.
  That's right.
  There's all of these yachts and those can be off at sea.
  I think that maybe they do the shrinking at sea.
  You maybe don't notice like a yacht going off the grid.
  Like it's off on an expedition and when it's off it shrinks and then it ends up in a body.
  Now look at the yacht.
  Now look at the footage of this body wars and they show you four maquettes of the unmanned  early iterations of the shrinking ships.
  They do have maquettes.
  They do have cool looking maquettes, which I don't think they really monetize because  I did look on eBay and there's not a lot of body wars merch besides some pins.
  It probably doesn't help there was a toy line called body wars from the mid 90s.
  Oh no.
  That took it out and muddied the waters?  Yeah kind of like was it mad balls or like kind of.
  Mad balls yeah.
  Yeah kind of.
  An unrelated toy line?  An unrelated toy line.
  But it wasn't a TV show?  I don't know if it was a TV show.
  It seems mostly sat around like gruesome looking cartoony eyes.
  That was an 80s and 90s like craze of like gruesome eyes you could buy for your children.
  Gross pussy eyes.
  It's in the realm of like Nickelodeon gack and slime and then companies were like kids  like this make it uglier make it extreme.
  Yeah gross kids love gross.
  Which again maybe so maybe this ride you got to lean into the grossness like what it should  be is going to see like the grossest things in the body going to see the spleen or anything  that's like I don't know what would be gross to look at.
  If you went to see if you could see an appendix burst.
  Oh yeah that would be gross.
  Yeah sure.
  It might be upsetting potentially but maybe the young boys at Disney World are excited.
  They love that.
  Ew.
  A thing I was terrified of as a child often used as a plot device in television movies.
  Oh appendicitis.
  Appendicitis appendix bursting.
  Yes I was too.
  Consoles I was waiting for like well your tonsils are gonna they're toast they're gonna put  you under slice you open and then you will get to eat ice cream for a few days.
  I was like oh okay well.
  And you were like praying for to get your tonsils out.
  Kind of but I was also like well I do that already anyway why is this such a treat.
  I don't pay for my ice cream it just shows up when I need it.
  So yeah I need to be in a room that's not my room to have it.
  Yeah in reality children's television like anything is usually written by 30 and 40 year  olds who were like remembering their childhoods and it's like well ice cream used to be much  rarer back in the day.
  Sad to think about huh.
  Don't get me started.
  But no well you also you know over at Cranium Command you're getting some gross out you're  seeing George Wint operating the stomach.
  Right.
  You know like it's all building up like bile and you got some you know some stuff he doesn't  know how to process.
  This is it focuses they had to pick different things.
  So we end up in the brain again but this is a realistic brain it's not a brain with a  John Lovitz and a Charles Groton.
  Yes right and it's weird it's just I would think when you were designing it you would  be like let the brain talk or something like let's get a little something in there but  yeah you end up.
  It may be I'm trying to think of like what's the both of the benefits of the you know it  is in keeping with Epcot the more educational nature of things.
  And I feel like this did at least lay out for me.
  No I think I now I get the concept of white blood cells.
  Right I see that they are like they're kind of like I was going to say the storm troopers  except those are bad.
  They're like X-wings.
  Yes yeah they're like little X-wings that go it's swooping to solve problems in the  body.
  Like it is interesting to see because so again the whole premise like this guy's got a splinter  pretty harmless thing.
  Let's go check it out and see what that's like if you're very small and how the white  blood cells respond to it.
  And that's kind of interesting.
  I don't think I did realize that about my body something that's in there that shouldn't  be and here are these little these little hero helpers come in and swoop in and start  and just kind of then I don't really get what they do.
  They just kind of start like gooing onto the wood and somehow that eventually makes the  wood go away.
  I agree with what you're saying.
  I just you know I can't can't they talk to me.
  Let them talk to me and tell like that's all I'm like little I was going to say like what  would be a name like like Whitey I guess like like that seems weird but there's bloody  bloody like little bloody is going to tell you what's going to come on.
  I want to get this water out of here.
  Follow me.
  And you're like yeah now I'm learning and I have a new friend.
  Yeah yeah no bloody.
  That's Dr.
 Elizabeth layer.
  Cynthia layers is the layer you're thinking of the shoe the actress portraying her Jason.
  What are you.
  She was she's an unknown entity in this body.
  I'm sorry.
  Yeah.
  What else.
  Let's go find something else to fuck up.
  Let's go.
  What can I kill today.
  I'm bloody.
  My name's bloody.
  Num num num.
  I'm the I'm the vandal of the body.
  I messed stuff up.
  Marty's player was very clearly concerned about this pavilion so he didn't need a bloody on  it so you didn't need to worry about bloody getting up to this.
  He was concerned about like you can tell the way he talks about it.
  He was very excited to make this pavilion and kind of spearheaded but also like we don't  want people coming after us for our choices in this pavilion.
  Yeah yeah they were even they were being careful I guess for a lot of reasons.
  It would if this was done now would it be more of like a Millennium Falcon situation  where we could control it.
  You know we're like it was more like.
  Well but then you just immediately create like if you let an anti-vaxxer pilot it they  just like don't touch the controls.
  I'm not going to be any part of this.
  I'm not getting any coaxium.
  I'm not getting that splinter out.
  I'm not.
  Get the white blood cells.
  God is going to take care of it not us.
  God wants me to have this splinter.
  There's a reason it's in here.
  I let all my splinters stay inside me.
  The apple cider vinegar cannon is doing nothing.
  It is really funny so the whole the mission is to see what white blood cells do and how  they help when there is a problem in the body.
  But then what is it that like it's that Elizabeth Shue gets pulled into the bloodstream like  she's just floating calmly.
  The splinter cracks.
  Oh that's why.
  Like there's like a change in the flow of everything.
  It kind of knocks her off and then the white blood cells go after her.
  Okay okay and assume that she's a problem.
  She's a foreign object which she is.
  As are we the ship.
  I mean they could be.
  Why don't they attack us?  That's a good point too because they do go after her.
  And also one of the other big things you're going to observe the white blood cells and  you also got to give her a ride.
  Like hey man can you pick me up from the splinter site in the bloodstream?  I guess while I'm in the neighborhood.
  You owe me one layer.
  Also in canon there's four other three other vehicles.
  Zulu 174, Sierra 657, Foxtrot 817, Charlie 218.
  Couldn't one of them gone in and given you a jump?  Oh yeah sure.
  Oh yeah just beam one of those in quickly.
  Yeah.
  Yeah and bump you.
  Like just get to that before back to the future.
  I guess it's like you know the right stuff kind of.
  The pilots who are pushing the limits of fighter jets and the sound barrier and stuff.
  Experimenting yeah.
  This is a new area of science so let's be bold.
  So she gets yanked.
  I think she yells I'm getting pulled into a capillary.
  And then you got to follow her around.
  I think that's like maybe that's a stressful in terms of the nausea that like everything's  pulsing.
  I think the sound design doesn't help things.
  The pulsing and the lungs.
  And it's all chaotic and you don't there's no like architecture you know.
  There's things in Star Tours where there's danger but you see there's a wall over here  and a wall over here.
  But this is like gravity where it's you know the nausea that you're spinning and I don't  know how to stop it or what will stop it.
  Yeah and it's all just like living like living matter.
  Like matter it's just it's not it's unnerving as well.
  Obviously like you're saying spinning out of control is like not good for nausea.
  But I do feel like you know it's nothing's like a hard line.
  Nothing's a straight line.
  There's something about that.
  Right.
  That makes it horrifying.
  It's very disorienting.
  I guess exciting.
  But again you know again Star Tours has the one of the most iconic scores of all time.
  This has no score.
  It has heavy breathing.
  It's a little tad creepy.
  Oh you love to hear it.
  Oh someone comes up behind you.
  You're not expecting it.
  They're breathing real heavy.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh man we all just did it into the microphone into our listeners AirPods.
  Let's do a little ASMR real quick.
  All three of us are going to breathe heavy into the mic.
  All right.
  For forty five seconds.
  Well it's a twenty seconds in order of the twenty seconds of footage.
  Twenty nine seconds.
  I agree to disagree.
  Help I'm sitting in the air I'm stuck.
  Hey I'm bloody.
  My name's Bloody.
  Come along with me.
  Stay away from me Bloody.
  I'm just doing a science experiment.
  Follow me.
  I'm gonna go fuck some shit up in here.
  And I'm Captain Braddock and I just love piloting.
  Captain Braddock you piece of shit.
  I'm a simple man I love my ship and I love a cold one.
  You don't belong here.
  You don't belong here you piece of shit.
  Let me on Braddock don't just brag about your interests.
  You fight me one on one.
  You work here to pick me up.
  Fight me one on one like a man.
  As a fighter pilot I was the one American plane sent to the Falklands conflict.
  I flew over the island a couple times and that was it.
  I don't give a shit I've been in your fighting wars my whole life.
  Alright fair enough I didn't think it was a contest.
  Every day is hell for me.
  Every day is hell.
  That was the breathing and it's very realistic and I think very relaxing.
  I think we might have put people to sleep during that.
  The cutting twenty seconds of footage and putting in some quick fades.
  I don't know.
  I'm vaguely aware of it but yeah there were parts that were too nausea inducing and they  killed it.
  They were like okay maybe if we cut some of the parts where people get the most uneasy  and they just fade it between shots and even as a kid I was like did we go through along?  Like what?  I was like I don't get that.
  That doesn't happen in Star Tours but did we black out?  It almost seems like you black out for a second.
  Like when you go into the Hollow Earth in God's Hours.
  Exactly yes that happens in the Hollow Earth scenes for sure.
  Yeah it's odd.
  It doesn't make sense.
  I'm trying to remember if I can remember a thought about it.
  I don't have a.
.
.
  There was a mistake in the YouTube video when I saw it but no.
  When rides have to be so seamless and so much effort is put into like how do we make sure  you just move from one place to another effortlessly.
  Here they just put fades in.
  Yeah it just doesn't.
.
.
  I'm trying to think of another ride, modern day screen ride that has anything like that  and I cannot come up with one.
  Sort of Soren in a way.
  Okay you're right Soren does.
  That's a choice.
  Even the hard cut was a choice.
  Yes.
  But that's early on you sort of just get used to that.
  So I guess yeah Soren is the one but there's no.
.
.
  None of the other ones I can think like teleport you.
  It is.
.
.
  Sincerely, and I did not remember this from being a kid at all how funny and confusing  it is when.
.
.
  Sorry so we've introduced white blood cells.
  They're helpers.
  If there's a problem they swarm and fix the problem.
  But then yeah they think that Elizabeth's shoe is a problem.
  So then you find her cornered in a lung and then she's like trying to bat one off of her  squid gnawing at her leg and there's kind of tentacles.
  She's being consumed by a giant white blood cell and then your ship fires lasers at it  and it just sparkles away.
  Again the ride that has been very realistic and no we have to show what a cell looks like  in the lung.
  Suddenly lasers zap a monster cell that's like rabid.
  You know what those lasers could have zapped?  This big ass splinter my dad told me about.
  You remember that big splinter?  Yeah wait why didn't it blast the splinter apart?  If we can do that then just go do that.
  I guess well no it's to observe.
  We need to let the white blood cells do their thing.
  Yeah I guess there's still so much unknown.
  The revelation that the ship has guns.
  There are guns on the ship.
  And that would ever be a solution to an issue would be to shoot it.
  That seems a little silly too.
  What could be solved in the body?  I mean in theory like boy if Met could get their act together and like shoot a tumor  with a laser and the cure for cancer becomes little lasers then great but I don't think  they're there yet.
  That's different.
  Yes that now if it's like a precise laser beam that could be used to slice.
  Now we're talking about it.
  But something that's going to shoot phasers like on the Starship Enterprise that seems  less right.
  That doesn't seem exactly the correct way to do this.
  I get the artistic choice but.
  I just find it so funny you were told like good guys good they're good.
  The white blood cells we're going to go see how good they are being and then one is like  one is a monster eating this like pretty movie star who we like from other things.
  And then it gets killed.
  There's mixed messages here.
  She's the invader.
  It's doing its job.
  Yeah yeah yeah no it's true.
  So they should have like figured out a way to get her out of there without harming the  body.
  Harming the white blood cells.
  I know you have a lot of white blood cells but still.
  But now that body has one less.
  There should have been like a another foreign entity in there like another virus or something  that was attacking her.
  And she got mixed up into that.
  Sure because then you're not.
  One of the socialist you know Central American presidents that Captain Braddock likely was  helping to coo with this.
  Violate his previous career.
  Put some geopolitical politics.
  Yeah yeah right as well.
  You could have had another tiny ship in maybe that you were having a battle against.
  America has a miniaturization unit but then like our enemies.
  There's China and Russia.
  The Falklands have it too.
  I knew they'd be back.
  This motherfucking Falklands.
  But yeah it doesn't make sense.
  You're attacking the good cells but they've just made the good cells look scary.
  Now of course sometimes the good cells do attack our bodies and that's a problem.
  That's when it's malfunctioning but that's not what they're trying to showcase here.
  Well that's what I was trying to remember with this as our first post-COVID episode.
  Our first episode now that COVID is done.
  And I was trying to think of like oh yeah it's so over.
  I was trying to think like what is the crossover between things that happen in body wars and  what we were all worried about happening to us.
  Like what is the real and I'm no scientist and I probably I think I'll screw up even  reading my cliff notes but it is sort of like there's anyone who's a doctor or anything  will think I'm being an idiot by saying any of this but like some of what happens with  a virus like the coronavirus is turning some of our own white blood cells against us and  sending that like sending them signals that like tell them to go attack things that are  healthy like to go start eating up our lungs and thus we have no recourse against the virus.
  So white blood cells are like these drones that can be reprogrammed by evil entities  like that like the coronavirus.
  Like one of those big scary with its many crowns Bowser-esque character.
  Right so that yes that is possible but that is not what's happening in body wars.
  Um yeah huh no because we like because we like somehow they just aren't smart enough.
  They're just trained to kill and so we see this splinter we're gonna kill it and we see  it with a shoe we're gonna kill her.
  Right they're just that's a foreign as I said that foreign entity and I'm talking about  it in medical terms that that yeah they would be getting they would be doing that they would  be taking care of her but it feels yeah it feels like it's it's counterproductive from  the lesson we're trying to learn.
  Yeah I think so.
  I was gonna say there's one big you know thing we haven't touched on Mike you of course have  heard this a million times in professional wrestling there you know the term people keep  using is forbidden door.
  Forbidden doors are open.
  I feel like the forbidden door with MetLife in the 1980s was our friend Snoopy.
  Oh right.
  Long time like you know who they had a relationship with.
  Yeah the mascot.
  Snoopy and the Peanuts gang as a mascot but Disney can't use Snoopy.
  Snoopy's elsewhere Snoopy's occupied at like other parks.
  So you're saying forbidden door.
  The forbidden door.
  For what people don't know if you don't know what's going on in wrestling Jason talking  about the fact that the company AW is working with like the company New Japan and Impact  Wrestling and I think believe I believe this phrase was coined by Tanahashi in New Japan  where like the forbidden door will be open and all the companies can work together.
  And it's kind of like if like well not Marvel and DC meeting that's already happened but  that would be like WWE and AW working together but if like DC comics started working with  Image Comics and Fanta graphics comics and OD comics like and everyone's getting in the  mix together.
  So Disney did not have that opportunity like if Snoopy was piloting your Met vehicle.
  Oh.
  Like the Red Baron.
  A new ship saves you.
  Oh the Red Baron.
  Braddock fails.
  Braddock's too busy having war flashbacks and then he did like somebody's guy and the  ship goes down and then we get a jolt from a second ship and who's in there?  Snoopy.
  Snoopy and Woodstock.
  Whoa yes co-pilot hopping around on a little lever.
  The World War One flying ace.
  That's right he was made to also a veteran Snoopy.
  Wow.
  Well this would have been the way to save it.
  Yeah open the forbidden door.
  And who is on the conveyor belt?  Who's the patient?  Why it's Spike.
  Snoopy's.
  Snoopy's cousin.
  We're in Spike's disgusting body whatever he's putting into himself.
  Yeah his mustache does conduct electricity so they could have jumped it on there.
  Yeah no I mean I obviously who would have been mad at this?  This would have solved it.
  This would have I think extended its life probably and made it much more popular.
  Yeah.
  Well like what I mean this might be a good candidate to plus it up which we don't always  do but that's one and then I like I think you know it does make me wish that it was  still there and could be reprogrammed with new missions because imagine now you go back  to Disney World and there is a ride where you go it defeat the coronavirus and blow  it up with lasers and stop it from from reprogramming the simple minds of white blood cells.
  Yes.
  I mean see if you could see one like sometimes you'll see like a like a silly sign at a testing  place with one of those you know and they'll do it bright red and there's all the crowns.
  The amount of hate that I have for that virus and its dumb crowns those don't look good  on you they're disgusting.
  If you watch that thing roll up and then you put in like a sound cue to rival the Imperial  March like you know because that's exciting when you see the Death Star in Star Tours  like you you John Williams does a theme for the coronavirus.
  There it is and he thinks he can destroy our ship but we're not going to let him.
  Yes I think that he would have been able to yeah adjust it to anything that's going on  any different virus.
  Any topical virus I think that'd be very sensitive of them to any time that there's something  raging bird flu.
  Whenever something kills half a million people or more.
  I think that as long as there's a cute character people would be on board with anything so  I would say yeah keep keep put bloody on on the ride and that like yeah you could do  all sorts of weird topical stuff on body wars for sure.
  So always bloody but and then like okay so maybe coronavirus is like very realistic and  like oozing and but it's like Tim Curry and Fern Gully like kind of like like a scary  villain with a message and he looks disgusting but then cute little bloody is always the  solution.
  He's rendered much more adorably than the gross coronavirus.
  Yeah yes I think you could yeah and then you could sell bloody dolls for sure that would  that would be good and then he would be like the Shandu of the ride as well.
  And you could go eat bloody tails.
  You could.
  Or the nearest snack place.
  There's a new bloody cupcake.
  Fight into me.
  Fight me.
  I've got a new goo.
  Yeah that would be yes I think that all of that would be make it much more flexible and  make it much more appealing to children and would make it less you wouldn't want to pass  out on the ride anymore you know.
  Would there be like but the Mortal Kombat like more moral panic of like there's blood  in this game.
  It's like well Disney has introduced this bloody you know.
  Oh because of bloody the mascot or because of flying through blood.
  Do you think blood removed from violent entertainment but like blood on its own is fine.
  Like a scamp like a mysterious scamp blood is different from Mortal Kombat punch blood.
  Well I mean there were decapitations in Mortal Kombat.
  I mean I suppose that's true.
  So I think probably more clinical blood or cute blood if that's what you're asking is  okay I think but I don't know.
  And then we're highlighted bloody is a white blood cell right.
  So there's a different vibe.
  He's a yeah he's a defender.
  Yeah.
  He never sleeps.
  That's why his life is hell.
  Yeah he's been fighting an internal war.
  I don't get any breaks.
  My work shifts are 24 7.
  Yeah it's like you yeah he works for Amazon or something.
  It's the same thing.
  Or Tesla.
  Don't let me pee.
  Yeah.
  Our body look our body are their anti-union.
  Let's be honest.
  Really in these cells like crazy.
  Even we sleep and the body's still doing stuff.
  Yeah I guess we should take responsibility for it but yeah I can control it.
  So it's the market.
  It's just the market market is fine enough.
  Hey find another job guys.
  You don't like what being a white blood cell.
  Yeah go go work somewhere else then I guess.
  What happened to this ride.
  I mean Jason you kind of said it.
  Oh.
  They just sort of well there maybe wasn't.
  I think it came out of the gate strong and then start to a similar better ride proven  ride opens.
  Immediately deflates it.
  They have to cut parts of it.
  That's weird.
  And the whole pavilion this is a very cursed pavilion.
  What with people stealing Buzzy's clothes and and it only being only operating seasonally  and you know a lot of people just.
  It seems like they stop running this right and you can just like walk back there whenever  you wanted.
  There's so many YouTube videos is like so there I am.
  No one stop it.
  They don't.
  They're seeing me on the camera and they don't care like I let him screw with body wars.
  Well and then even right after it closed pretty quickly they started using as festival center  for like the different festivals they do at Epcot.
  And for the first little bit they were using it.
  They hadn't taken down signage and stuff.
  There is still like the ghost remnants of this pavilion.
  But I think this is the best example because I feel like a thing that's come up when we've  talked about the a lot of late Epcot attractions.
  Universe of Energy horizons that sort of thing is like well you kind of got to keep updating  the future if it's going to be the future park.
  And I think this one when we were writing about it people nailed that like well yeah  Disney knew that but they were counting on the sponsors to fork up the money for them  to update it.
  And I don't know if it was just naive the executives or if it was just like the post  war like vibes of like the money trains never going to stop.
  And the companies will do what's right and fair for the things they do and their employees  and they'll help us update these attractions.
  And in reality they go the contracts ending and the economy is changing.
  I think we're not going to pump thousands if not millions into these pavilions.
  Oh no no no we're done.
  The shrinking ride.
  Did we do that.
  No.
  All different people work at the company at this point and they're like what did we do.
  No the way of the 21st century is dividends and keeping shareholders happy.
  That's what's important.
  Yeah.
  Like whoever like approved the MetLife messaging in this ride was fired years ago.
  Like there's been many changeover.
  Right.
  Disney doesn't even have anyone's phone number at MetLife anymore.
  Who is our contact?  Yeah they're gone.
  Yeah MetLife has torched their own blimp for like a little like well we had a line  item on an Excel sheet that we had to fix that column.
  Yeah it's such like a whimper of a thing.
  There was no like controlled demolition of the ride.
  It's just like it closes.
  It's been sitting there.
  It's still kind of sitting there.
  The simulators have been taken apart.
  Yeah the rumor that's out there is that these are just this is just a scrap yard for Star  Tours simulators.
  So something breaks in one of those simulators.
  Hey head over to Body Wars go grab a Russell.
  Just yank it off.
  Well in a warehouse too because the rooms are empty.
  Yeah the simulators have been moved.
  But yes their simulators yes the rumor is that just like the pieces have come off each  one.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  And it's like yeah it's such a it would be so much better if it was like yeah they demolished  the whole thing and a thing and sprung up in its place but it's just such a much sadder  boring.
  It's going to be the play pavilion.
  We know that.
  But is that off or is that still on?  No I think it's still happening.
  Okay.
  I think it is still happening.
  I've been really wondering if the concept of play will be something I can explore when  I get to Epcot next time.
  I'm just making sure that it's going to be there.
  I love talking about play and gamifying things.
  It all sounds very human and natural.
  What I want to do now after the year we've had is go look at as many screens as possible.
  Yeah yeah.
  How many screens can I go stare at on my vacation?  Characters I can see on my telephone.
  Their entire library on my telephone.
  I want to see them on a TV screen that will be out of date in eight months.
  You could buy down the street for $150.
  Yeah.
  That doesn't have that sort of like zest that Turtle Talk with Crush has.
  I'm not as good Turtle Talk.
  If we're wrong.
  Less character.
  Maybe play will be good.
  It's just funny to me that it's like we're celebrating play.
  The concept of play.
  It's time to finally give play its due.
  I just love seeing my favorite siloed IP in the same space that satisfies multiple quadrants.
  That's what I love.
  I do think.
  One of my favorite things about going to the parks is that all my quadrants are satisfied.
  That's a number one thing that I find when I'm accessing a ride or an experience.
  And they're all protected.
  Were my quadrants protected and were they satisfied?  All four of them.
  Something I love more than a person making six to seven figures telling me they are protecting brands.
  One of Mike's quadrants is failing.
  Oh no.
  Send in Captain Braddock.
  Send in Captain Braddock.
  Fire lasers around until the quadrant reactivates.
  Restart my quadrant.
  Jumpstart my quadrant.
  Like a shock paddle.
  Do we miss anything?  So closes in 2007 and then like and it just sits there and it's weird.
  You know, it's a fun one to think about.
  Certainly we could not have done this.
  It would have been so insensitive of us to do it during the pandemic.
  We had to wait.
  I feel like something like that was in our heads.
  Like, well, it's a lot with doctors right now.
  And we can't.
  That would be.
  How many dumb rules did we have about anything?  We were like, I guess we could have done this then.
  I don't know.
  We built up a lot of dumb rules around April last year.
  I don't remember.
  We've also talked about so many different like, oh, we should do this next.
  And then just have pivoted because we'll certainly do this next.
  We should do this next.
  We should do this next.
  Their Mortal Kombat movie is coming out.
  What a good tie in as if anyone cares.
  Everybody's thinking about Mortal Kombat.
  Yeah, it's Mortal Kombat mania out there.
  Yeah, we better.
  So now is the time to talk about a canceled stunt show.
  Yeah, I wasn't going to subscribe to their Patreon, but Mortal Kombat.
  I have Mortal Kombat fever right now.
  And I see that they've done a 90 minute episode on their Patreon.
  Now there is free testing for Mortal Kombat fever as well.
  Insurance or not, you know.
  So why not get out there and do it?  Yeah.
  I think like, well, you know, there was a lot.
  You remember also in the beginning of all this, how it was like  doctors, heroes, the medical our medical community and thank God for them.
  And if it wasn't and then quickly was like, all right, hurry up, doctors.
  Come on, get that vaccine to us.
  Everybody got really the hero talk style.
  It got very insensitive.
  Like people could only handle being nice for three weeks.
  There was a couple of weeks of niceness about everything and about everyone.
  Then it got so mean.
  It got like the meanest.
  The president went from like, I could argue the president had a better role in it.
  The president went from like empathetically saying  we all lost a year to like you hogs take any job.
  OK, that's the current one.
  Yeah, the current president.
  Yeah.
 It's like, look, the company that has the presidency  in both houses of Congress just got their asses worked  by a bunch of sunburned boat guys who own failing Texas Roadhouse franchises.
  You hogs need to take jobs.
  People don't want it to work for eight dollars an hour.
  Yeah.
 Or like you get anyone to be a white blood cell.
  Yeah.
 And Biden had to get on TV and be like, you take your take.
  Actually, white blood cells like in and out.
  They pay very well.
 They get insurance.
  Oh, good.
 I'm glad.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  But that's what we do.
  I think we wanted to wait until the job was done.
  The deed was done, which it's done.
  Covid's over.
  And now we can properly tribute the heroes like Dr.
  Cynthia Laird.
 Just in case anyone's listening to this after the fact  that not Covid is not over.
  Yeah.
 What are you talking about?  Just in case someone's listening.
 Please still be cautious.
  I got two needles in my arm, so therefore it's over.
  I hate it as far as I know.
  I'm trying not to think about the phrase triple mutation too much.
  Careful.
 And other countries struggling, falling apart.
  Patent law.
  Patent law.
 Hopefully we can get people the patents and we can waive  those things for other countries.
  And also, there are far flung comedians that we wanted to have on the show  that may require some zooming at some point.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
 No, we're not done.
  We're not promising that.
  Yeah.
 But hopefully this is the shift where it is mostly.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right now, yes.
  We will be we will be together going forward,  barring, I don't know, like, yes, somebody on Zoom.
  Here's a good question.
 We could we could really hash out here.
  If somebody's on Zoom in another state, will we all get together here  or will we do the old thing and all get on Zoom?  What makes more sense?  Probably maybe easier to just.
  I think I agree with you.
  I think it's probably easier because like if you set up one computer  and then like headphones going out and then we're all sitting on a couch  like right next to each other, we look like dweebs.
  And we will look like dweebs, which believe me,  that's never happened on the podcast before.
  Yeah, otherwise.
  Yeah.
 Any of the pictures we've posted.
  Pretty cool.
  So maybe that will have to happen if we have a guest via satellite.
  But yeah, but otherwise, we will be together in some fashion.
  I think this is I think this is a turn here.
  Yes.
 And you know, to that here, you know, talk amongst yourselves.
  There's something I think this is the time to do this.
  I have a little treat to celebrate being back together here.
  Give me one sec.
 Oh, sure.
  OK, let's quickly guess on what he's going to do.
  I think he's going to get in a white blood cell costume  and come out of the house and do the voice.
  I think he doodled some storyboards or concept art for like  Disney Plus series called The Doctors, where Dr.
  Cynthia Layar leads.
  Is he going to bring Ronald D.
  Moore out and say, I'm now working with him on this pitch?  Oh, maybe.
  Is Ronald D.
  Morbin inside Scott's house for the Avatar doctors and Dr.
  Cynthia Layar and Ronald D.
  Moore is overseeing it all.
  He's kind of an advisor.
  You know, he's kind of the  Ronald Moore has been babysitting Scott's child while we've been inside.
  Oh, I think it's a no, I wasn't seeing the kid, obviously.
  This is this is a treat.
  And it's a treat.
  Well, it is courtesy of me, but really courtesy of Jason.
  I think this seems like the place to open this.
  Jason was nice enough a while ago and brought over a little bit of the bubbly.
  And that's not just a random phrase I'm saying.
  That is the official brand of Chris Jericho's champagne.
  Yeah, right.
 Yes.
  This is the tie in.
  You mentioned AEW, Allie Wrestling.
  They are a brand.
  They're a sponsor of this.
  They made this.
  So, yeah, to celebrate the return.
  And I think the audience could feel the difference.
  I mean, and also to be maskless.
  We are doing this maskless now and like, boy, to see your mouths again.
  This thing's popping off.
  There's as much as this this bottle is going to pop off.
  You can feel electricity.
  Chris Jericho's wife, when she was doing whatever she was doing on January 6th.
  Don't look into it.
  Don't look at it.
  Oh, no.
  I had already placed an order.
  Don't look into it.
  Don't look into it.
  That's all I have to say.
  Between now and then.
  Well, no, look, the important thing is the taste and the pop here.
  I'll get this right next to the mic.
  Here we go.
  And yeah.
  Wow.
  You actually know how to do that.
  I was surprised.
  I was worried I was going to have to work that for a while.
  And then it would be this long, boring process on the podcast, which pouring this might be.
  But I mean, we don't have to pour it right now, I guess.
  But why not?  Sure.
 I mean, if you want to do some ASMR.
  We're doing those breathing sounds.
  People are going to want to hear a sip, right?  Yeah.
  They want to hear a sip.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, Jason actually got me the same gift.
  I've been waiting.
  You both have gotten me bottles that I've not popped off yet.
  Oh, right.
  For saving for some sort of special occasion.
  But wait, I do Terra Mana, right?  Yours is Terra Mana.
  I still have not had it.
  Rock Tequila.
  A likely future Republican candidate for president.
  No, no, he's a centrist, a Democrat.
  He's been all the road.
  Despite the fact that he spoke at the Republican Convention in 2000.
  Different time.
  The different time, Jason.
  A different time.
  Wasting a lot of time here.
  What else can we do?  Yeah.
  Well, people are you could be patient, right?  Yeah, they can hear they can kind of hear that bubble.
  They can hear the sounds of Jay Leno driving back and forth down the street,  hoping he can get a guest spot on the show.
  Sure.
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
  I mean, I'd love to.
  Yeah, give a toast to Jay.
  I'd love to find the Big Dog Garage and like.
  We got to do an episode of the Big Dog Garage.
  Can we email somebody?  We got to do that.
  It's got to be.
 Oh, yeah.
  Jay Leno's garage is an episode.
  Boy, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, we'll get in there.
  Well, lots to look forward to.
  Cheers.
 You survived podcast, right?  And we survived the mostly Zoom era.
  That's the that's the big thing to do.
  Hey, we can't clink and it wouldn't anyway because they're plastic.
  But yeah, made from the same material your son is encased in right now.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He'll be fine.
 He's got like another half hour of air at least.
  So so he'll be fine.
  So that gives me time to well, first of all, taste test this.
  What do we what do we think of Chris Jericho's bubbly?  Well, it's not bad.
 It's pretty crisp.
  Yeah, I like it.
 Yeah, actually.
  Yeah, I don't I don't like sweet.
  It's a little apple juicy almost for me.
 Sure.
  For sure.
 Yeah, this is a little more middle of the road.
  So I like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Great.
 Great.
  Endorse him and everything that he and his family do officially.
  I'm going to Google this later and be horrified by whatever I've said.
  But OK, so keep it tuned to this feed for more in person episodes.
  I think this is the turn and more, of course, also on the second gate  where we've got three bonus episodes every month at Patreon.
com slash podcast.
  The ride.
  Well, we did it.
  And these little bubbles will now miniaturize into our stomach.
  Be a fun process to watch.
  That's also a way to plus it up.
  Like, what does it look like physically to watch the inebriation process take place?  That seems like a fun that should be at some more of an adult park or so.
  There should be some.
 That's the Epcot Festival.
  Oh, that's for the people wearing the kooky T-shirts.
  Oh, right.
 The drunk, the drunken shirts.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 That's for food and wine.
  And for the Food and Wine Festival should have a specific ride  that would certainly plus that up.
 Oh, my gosh.
 Yeah.
  Or they should like on a boat, one of the boat rides, they should just like die.
  And the why can't I think of the living with the land?  They should die the water like alcohol colored  or just dump alcohol in there.
  And you can take a scoop out of it as you're driving.
  Well, you got me.
 I'm in now living with the land.
  Scott's favorite ride suddenly jumps from last to first.
  And in the halfway through the ride, some guys jump out.
  And need your help.
  And it's Robert Mondavi, Charles Shutter and Josh of Josh Wine.
  Oh, yeah.
 Josh of Josh Wine.
  Oh, I got to help Josh.
 I can't leave Josh hanging.
  Josh.
 We got to talk more about Josh.
  And I will help any any winemaker in need.
  I will be there Braddock for everyone listening.
  Be a Braddock to somebody in your life.
  If that means getting the vaccine to keep everybody safe and do it.
  Yes, be a Braddock and get vaccinated.
  Be a Braddock.
  Yeah.
 Have a Braddocky week, everyone.
  Bye.
 Goodbye.
  Forever.
  This has been a ForeverDog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest ForeverDog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
