 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains careless hot dog throwing, mall slime, yogi bear scurrying  away sound effects, and today we will definitively answer the question, do we have it?  It's Nickelodeon Guts with Mo, aka Moira Quirk, on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who would really  like President Joe Biden to award them an honorary presidential fitness award for all  the miles they've lightly jogged at Universal and Disney.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, lightly is the key word there, but I sure would like some acclaim for it.
  Yeah, if you add it all up, we've done a lot of physical activity.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Scott Gerdner joining us always as well.
  That's right, because often you're at the theme parks and you'll look at your step meter  and it'll be over 10,000.
  And obviously 10,000 steps is the highest athletic achievement that you can achieve.
  So to get like 13, I mean, we're major strong men, I'd say.
  Yeah.
 So right now, President Biden, you got some things going on, but nothing is important  as what I've just laid out.
  So please make it happen, sir.
  I assume he'll come on the show to to kind of bestow that upon us at some point.
  Yeah, yeah.
 We'll take a nice photo like he did with the Carters.
  We'll see if we can shrink even even more than them.
  I don't I'll look like I'm like nine feet tall, though, maybe against the two of them.
  Oh, yeah.
 Go the other way.
  Yes, be towering over the buttons.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So, folks, we have a very so we just did, obviously, that was, you know,  that joke I was thinking about us talking about, you know, Nickelodeon studios,  kids being active.
  I was thinking about how I was a bad athlete as a child.
  And I want to say we had something very special happen because of the Nick Studios.
  Someone reached out to us and made themselves available to talk.
  You know, from movies, TV, Star Wars video games, which I'm very excited about.
  And of course, Nickelodeon guts.
  Ladies and gentlemen, this is more a quirk.
  Hello.
 Hello.
  Two handed wave on the podcast.
  Let that be known.
  That's great.
 Accurate.
  That's what she did.
 Yeah.
  Great to meet you.
 Hello.
  Hello.
 Hello.
  I'd like you to know that I have also walked the flatlands of the theme parks,  but also all the stairs at Universal Studios Hollywood up and down.
  Oh, my gosh.
  This is very cool.
 Starway, not escalator.
  Still stairs just until I was burning  and nearly crying, but feeling good about what I was going to  shove into my mouth that in Hogwarts.
  OK, sure.
 Yeah.
  Really? One of those flights a couple of weeks ago and was crying.
  So kudos to you.
  Yeah, I can't even count that high, actually.
  Yeah, I bet.
  That's really exciting.
 We need to talk.
  We haven't talked as much about staircases at parks as we should.
  We've only done a lot like escalator talk.
  But that'll that'll that'll start us on the path thinking about  which type of staircases we like at the park and why and which ones  have been maintained well over the years.
  Yeah, they're rare.
  I guess for litigious purposes.
  Yes, they would have to have an elevator or an escalator,  probably in addition to it.
  But, you know, we can we need to cover.
  There's so much stuff we haven't covered after three years on this podcast.
  So thank you for that.
  Stairs.
 Yes.
  So, yeah.
 So you were very nice and you reached out to us  after the Nick Studios episode, and we were very excited  to talk about Nick Studios in general.
  But you revealed very exciting information  that you have a long history with theme parks and performing in theme parks.
  Yes, I have pranced around in theme parks for money.
  Not just as a visitor, but for hard mullahs.
 Yes.
  Well, that is very exciting.
  We love you know, there's an AV club on the onion.
  They talk about like roles and stuff.
  And I feel like we could do something like that with you,  but exclusively with your theme park work.
  Stuff you've done in the theme parks.
  So I guess, yeah, I guess give us like a little just maybe background of like  before you even started, were you interested in theme parks?  Did you like this type of performing? How did you get started?  How did I get started?  Well, I think they'd always sort of been a part of my growing up.
  My grandmother and my grandparents lived in Orlando, Florida.
  You transformed there well.
  Yeah.
 So so what is it?  There's a there's a book, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy,  and his his biography starts before he was born.
  And so even before I was born, I think I had family,  or maybe in my earliest youth, I had family working at  Walt Disney World when it was opening.
  My mother worked in hiring back when it opened.
  My uncle, I think he worked on the carousel and my auntie.
  She worked in the Swiss Watt shop on Main Street, I think,  and then had a spectacular rise through the world of retail.
  And it all started there.
  And then Joanne Bogart across the street, part of the Bogart clan.
  She was a face character, which was a big frickin deal in Orlando, Florida.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  She played Snow White, and I thought that was pretty stinking hot.
  And it was funny that she was Snow White because she wasn't.
  I mean, she had very, very dark hair.
  But the rest, that was illusion.
  Yeah.
 And then after university,  I came over to visit my grandmother for a couple of weeks.
  I'm still here.
  That turned out.
  And yeah, one of the first jobs I got was at Universal Studios  because that had just sort of opened.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  So yeah.
 So it was in the family.
  You had no choice almost, maybe you were just surrounded by it.
  It's Orlando.
  I don't know what else there is to do there.
  I don't mean to.
  I don't know what there was there before.
  I mean, I guess there was Gatorland.
  Have you ever been to Gatorland?  Everyone says we need to go to Gatorland.
  We missed.
 We should have done it last time we were in Orlando a couple of years ago.
  But I think next time we got to do it, because I've been told many times to do this.
  Yeah, I could either write an entire dissertation on Gatorland  or I could just say very succinctly, it is something.
  OK.
 That's a lot.
 Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah, I think I think that you could have a lot of fun.
  That you could be a bit sad, like an old zoo.
  But how does it did you watch Tiger King?  How does it compare in terms of shadiness to the  I'm the person in the world who didn't watch Tiger King.
  It'll be there.
 I'll get to it.
  Well, just if it's the shadiest thing ever involving animals.
  Well, is it how far into shady?  Is it upmarket or is it downmarket?  Is it downmarket?  Do they treat the gators well?  Probably not.
  We saw them feeding one and they just sort of threw hot dogs  at the gators.
 That was like and I just remember a hot dog  sort of landing on the top of the gators head.
  It's a gator, so it can't take it off.
  So it had to suffer the indignity of being a gator with a hot dog on its head  the rest of that day, probably.
  Yeah, they didn't.
  That's sort of a park.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  I think throwing a picture.
 Yeah.
  Having hot dogs just thrown at you willy nilly.
  That's that's the dream of at least one of us.
  So yeah, I actually think that's a great honor in Florida.
  If they throw a hot dog at you and it's on your head.
  Because that is the confetti of Florida.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  My girlfriend went to college in Florida and worked in some of the parks.
  So, yeah, she she has stories like that, too.
  She a Rollins lady.
  I I don't know.
  You don't have to answer.
 That's very personal.
  I'm sorry.
 OK.
  Yeah.
 When unlike the hot dog, it went right over my head.
  Yeah, it was Rollins.
 Yeah.
  It's like the liberal arts college there in Winter Park.
  Oh, no, she went to UCF.
 OK.
  Gotcha.
 What is it about?  What is it about theme park world that  like brought your whole family to it?  Like, what is it? How does it run in a family?  My grandparents, I've got an American part.
  So they were all the Americans who lived in Orlando,  who just went and worked there because that was an easy place to get a job.
  So that's that's why.
  More of that than the it's not the being enraptured by the magic.
  It's not it's not inspiration.
  And we love to weave stories.
  It's like, oh, something to do.
  I'm just being far more pragmatic about it.
  But when I turned up, it was just like, oh, there's this place  where I could go and perform.
  Yes, please.
 And so, yeah.
  So I went in and auditioned and got put at the Murder  She Wrote Mystery Theatre, where I got four different characters  dig digging deep for for my days there.
  Yeah.
 Let me know.
  We have not done an episode about that somehow.
  That's one of the things on the list.
  We certainly will.
  And then we'll know very well what all of those characters were.
  But I think I need the refresher.
  I must have seen it once forever ago.
  What did what did what did the Murder  She Wrote Theatre call on you to portray?  Well, the Murder She Wrote Mystery Theatre and the Mystery Theatre  was added later to be make it an even more alluring theme park attraction  was was a the the story of ADR and post production.
  So they explained post production using Jessica Fletcher on her bike,  solving the mystery of Leilani and the Black Pearl.
  And that was the film I saw probably for three years.
  Yeah.
 So there was sort of an editing bay  where you played a crazy ass editor and you played a production supervisor  and you also played an ADR supervisor.
  And and it was, you know, it was audience participation.
  But at the end of the day, it was a place to put people in the call  so that the park wasn't just filled with a big ass long line for for for Kong  and earthquake.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 It was to cool everyone off.
  So they didn't pass out during the day.
  That's exactly primary.
  Just all the grandparents who brought their grandkids  and were just stunned and perplexed and didn't understand  why there wasn't a tour that they could get on.
 Right.
  They would sue them with Murder She Wrote and Alfred Hitchcock.
  Yes, exactly.
 Presentation.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  So when you did the different characters, would you did you like  how method work? Did you have specific type?  You're like, well, when the editor is here,  I'm going to play the character like this.
  Or was it just like, I'm going to sort of play a fun version of myself for all four?  Yes, it was definitely persona acting.
  I mean, you would maybe start with illusions of or just ideas  of really practicing some characters.
  And at the end of the day, you had to like punch through several hours of shows.
  And you just would get it done.
  And it didn't seem like most sitcoms.
  You start with a big character, then it just generally becomes the actor.
  It's the same thing.
  So basically, I'm saying I was Jennifer Aniston.
  That's what I'm saying.
 I was, of course.
 Yes.
  To us and many people our age, you are the equivalent of Jennifer.
  And it's OK.
 It's as much.
  I'll take it.
  I thought I'm going to write that on a card so I can remind myself.
  You can use that as a pull quote.
  Yeah, I can lead it up.
  Yeah, right.
  And I'll blue tack it on my wall.
  But yeah, I think I just chose to be a Scottish lady for the first room.
  And I practiced my American accent in the in the second room.
  And I did someone mad for the third room.
  That was fully there was fully in that.
  And then the fourth, I just it was just me.
  Hello, I'm tired.
  But also giving it all giving it my all.
 Yes.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
  This is an audience volunteer thing, too.
  Or like, are you are you picking the people or they picked for you?  How's that?  You can pick the people.
  You could you could pick the people.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
  Did you ever if you were in the thick of it  and discovered that you had a dud on your hands or a problem on your hand,  like somebody was like hamming it up too much or making it about themselves  or just by how do you how do you cover?  How do you how do you roll with it?  Oh, my gosh.
  This was a long time ago, remember? Sure.
  You just there were certain people that you would hurry through.
  And just and it was just a very utilitarian show.
  And maybe they got more facts that time.
  And there are other people who were just lovely.
  And it was and it was nice to play.
  So it's it's a cake job, really.
  And I was there.
  I was the at Universal when I was working there.
  I was the youngest person there.
  I just come out of university and drama school.
  And everyone else there had worked at all the other theme parks at Disney  or had been doing sort of bus and truck theater or regional theater.
  So this was a place that they could clock in, do some shows, clock out,  and they could perform and then buy a house.
  It was just a very that was a very different way to be able to be an actor.
  So it was a lot of people who were in a in a different period of their life than me.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  Well, did you have like because obviously, like a lot of that has  there's improv elements to it.
  Was that something you were doing before before you got to Universal?  Or is that like a learn on the job thing?  I guess I I'm  we did some at drama school, and I'd always sort of  I'd had this sort of background in comedy that was always the clubs and stuff  that I joined.
  But but it wasn't until I got to Orlando that I sort of seriously took improv classes.
  And there's a theater company that SAC Theater who did sports.
  And and so I was with them for a while and took my classes there.
  And then also at Disney as well,  they would play on classes for us if we were there.
  Oh, that's cool.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  They said Disney was very, very different.
  It was a much it was people my age.
  So it was people out of university and in their 20s.
  And then some old timers who were hanging on to their pennies  for the best and their pensions.
  And yeah, so that was a I'm older now.
  So I think about things like pensions and benefits and stuff and buying houses and stuff.
  I think it's the time to be at theme parks, for sure.
  Like younger, more idealistic.
  I was a tram tour guide at Universal, and it was like the best  still in college job, actually, when I started.
  And then you're like, yeah, it'd be hard to think about, like,  what if I started doing it again in 15 years?  I don't know if that's that's the time that I'd want to be  going to have it all ahead of you and not care that like  when you look at the check, like, that's it.
  They're like, you're like any money.
 Fantastic.
  Love it.
 It'll do.
  I mean, we certainly have friends who who I mean, we've been gone from Orlando  for so long now.
  When did we leave? Ninety five, I think.
  Been in LA since 95.
  And we still have friends who work there.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 Until they were laid off.
  Not all of them.
 Yeah, sure.
  Hopefully everybody gets their job back.
  Fingers crossed if it still.
  I don't mean to be a debbie downer.
  I know.
 It's a crazy time for this stuff.
  Yeah, I know the fun topic we picked for our podcast now, like the last year.
  It's really thrown into peril.
  Of improv it.
  Yeah, yeah, it's tough times for the performers.
 Yeah.
  Especially and they're kind of the last thing to come back to,  which is which is a bummer.
  Like I went to Universal yesterday and like, oh yeah, that's like every  the rides are back, but not the the people, which is so much the spirit of it.
  So yeah, I was just reading about Disneyland today and just you can wave.
  You can wave at them.
  I'm sure that the characters really love it.
  That they they don't get hugged and snort.
  My mother said when when Walt Disney World first opened up  and because she was in high  hearing and dealt with the employees, but she's because they had more bad characters  than they had the big bad wolf.
  And I don't know.
  I don't know if they sort of set him aside because kids would just kick him in the shins.
  Sure.
  Yeah, so the big bad wolf, it's good now during a pandemic time  because he can like hide far away.
  He can wave and then kids can be mad, but from a distance.
  Yes, which is nice.
  You didn't have to be anything that kids were taking out aggression on  where you were you were like you were nice characters.
  Well, that's true.
  Yes.
  Yeah, and that's that's kind of how we we first  your daughter told us and told our Facebook group  that she was your daughter, that you were her mom.
  She's using you for clout.
  Young people love to do they love clout.
  So yeah, that was that was kind of our first connection.
  Oh, OK.
  She's just right there.
  That's her college right now.
  Maybe they're talking about you.
  Hi, Millie.
  Hello.
  Hi.
  She's too nervous to be recorded.
  She's much more retiring than me.
  Oh, OK.
  Serious person in the family.
  We'll wait when we stop recording.
  Yeah, yes.
  Wait, you told you told us though that she you compare  you heard about our podcast because she has cross checked notes  on opinions that we have about theme park stuff  and opinions that you share about theme park stuff.
  There's a there's a chart in effect.
  We are very simpatico guys on pretty much everything, I think.
  Well, as far as bathrooms and best bathrooms,  she said, name your two best bathrooms in a theme park.
  And I think I said Alice in Wonderland in Disneyland  and Moaning Myrtle.
  Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
  I mean, I'll go there whether I need to go or not.
  I always do.
  I got to return yesterday.
  It was a thrill.
  I hadn't heard hadn't heard the moaning in so long.
  I made a point of.
  Well, not from Myrtle.
  Yeah, elsewhere in my life.
  Scott's getting older.
  Yeah, those are great bathrooms.
  We agree on that for sure.
  Is what like I guess let's do a real quick like favorite ride,  favorite themed experience in general for you at any of these.
  General.
  OK, rides favorite favorite rides.
  See, well, here's the thing.
  I really, really love the whole whole Harry Potter world,  but I can't do the rides anymore.
  It's just too much for me.
  It's a choice between vomiting and the rest of the day drinking  sparkling water.
  Yeah, so no, it's a great ride.
  But favorite ride.
  Well, my favorite ride ever in the world was the Hanna Barbera ride.
  That was like.
  Yeah, yes.
  Barbera.
  I think Hanna Barbera for me was sort of like the equivalent of Nickelodeon for 90s kids.
  It makes my heart swell to think about Hanna Barbera.
  And that was a fantastic ride because it had Dick Dastardly and Mudley.
  Just it was it was an homage to them.
  So that ride and I.
  Tying it all together and the fact that it was like this all star.
  I liked anything where like everybody gets together,  you know, that like we're going to tie Flintstones and Jetsons and Yogi  and Dick Dastardly.
  It just it was just such it felt like such an event.
  They're all kind of zoned in on or honed in on honed in.
  On Dick Dastardly and Mudley because that was my all time favorite cartoon.
  But the interactive area too was hours of joy of just going.
  You could push buttons where they did the running away sound like zoop zoop zoop.
  Whatever that running.
  All of them, all of them just days I could be there.
  So if Yogi had like a picnic picnic basket and running away from the ranger,  like you would be able to hit a button.
  Yeah, I mean, that's fun.
  That's we didn't even I don't think we missed that.
  We talked we did an episode about it and Barbara,  but I don't think we talked about this screen.
  The whole interactive area was fantastic.
  And I love all of the ridiculous fantasy land rides that finish in 90 seconds  with with no end.
  Right.
  A little abrupt, a little abrupt and then daylight.
  Yes.
  Are you disappointed that Snow White has more of an ending now?  That's I haven't gotten to do it yet.
  But I haven't seen it.
  I will have to go back and have a look.
  I have to have a look at that.
  That was our last thing that we did before.
  If you've heard of it, the covid, we were there  and we'd gotten up at five o'clock in the morning  so that we could go and do the resistance ride, which was stunning.
  I like theme parks because they're sort of camp  and that that was not camp.
  It was really, really just amazing.
  It was really amazing.
  I think I'm just going to think about that for a day.
  Right.
  Yeah, that's how we've been doing an episode about it.
  It was just like pure gushing, just like, and this was great.
  And this was also great.
  And this was great.
  And it's so much sometimes it's more fun to talk about like kind of bad attractions  because you've got you can more you could poke and prod  and kind of like be a little superior to it.
  But I'm no one is superior to Rise of the Resistance.
  It's just a perfect experience.
  Yeah.
 And I mean, I like Star Wars.
  I'm probably going to go down in flames for this, but I like Star Wars.
  I could live without it, but that was amazing there.
  Oh, no, you're going to have to cut that out  because I make part of my living doing Star Wars.
  Cut that out.
  That's right.
 That's gone.
  You just made a terrible error.
  I was about to bring it up.
  I was going to say.
  It's easy.
  Harrison Ford says much the same thing.
  Yeah.
 He's Harrison Ford, though.
  You know what?  Fair, fair, fair.
  Yeah, fair.
  He's good to go.
  He's said yes.
  The closest the closest like piece of camp is like the fishman  Lieutenant Beck in the like the first part of it.
  And that's it for Rise of the Resistance.
  You know, yeah, it's silliness.
  He's pretty.
  Oh, yeah.
  Wait, so so elsewhere in Orlando world, there's murder.
  There's murder.
  She wrote.
  But you were you did some other attractions as well.
  Oh, when when they were waiting, I think they were waiting for my costume to come in  for murder.
  She wrote God knows.
  I mean, I think they got it from JCPenney because they had a petite section.
  JCPenney in Orlando.
  But I did also prance around at the earthquake attraction for a little bit.
  And I may have done the was it the Hitchcock thing for a while.
  But mostly it was it was murder.
  She wrote.
  But I also worked over at Disneyland for I mean, not Disney Epcot Center doing street  theater there.
  Yeah, because of this accent.
  So they threw me doing street theater in the UK pavilion.
  So when you when you say street theater, was it just kind of goofing around with people  or were you doing a full sort of act of some kind of an act that came out?  It was it was I can't even remember what the stories were.
  I think maybe a Romeo and Juliet kind of one.
  Or would have that have been in Italy?  Romeo and Juliet should have been in Italy, shouldn't it?  Anyway, some sort of UK ish story that was we we did in the UK outdoors area.
  And it was a little bit you would pull two people in from the audience and and laughs ensued  in the hot, hot Orlando sun.
  Yes.
  You know, if you can get tourists to, you know, halfway through heat stroke, give them  directives.
  I mean, you can end up with very funny results.
  Yes.
  So and it was fine.
  It was it was a fun show to do.
  And it was silly laughs backstage.
  And yeah, it was it was it was a fine job that I enjoyed at the time.
  But yeah, Disney was always trying to offer me a contract.
  And I was always like, I got paid a bit more at Universal and it was inside because,  yeah, Disney was crazy.
  And when they there was a time that they said, we're going to recreate your we're going to redo  all of your costumes.
  I'm sorry, I'm getting all sorts of texts.
  I don't know how to turn those off anyway.
  They came back and the costume department was very excited to show us.
  And I'm not kidding, because Orlando is is one hundred and thirty three degrees  plus all of the absolute soaking humidity.
  And they had created a costume from the boots up.
  It was like ankle boots, stockings, bloomers, a petticoat, a skirt that was made out of a sort of  hemp material.
  But there was three layers of that to give it, you know, some ploof.
  And then for my top part, they had given me a blouse made out of the world's finest manmade  non-breathable materials with then a layer on top.
  And I just sort of turned to them and I said, this is a lot of layers.
  Are you sure it's going to breathe?  It seems to me that it's going to be a bit hot, to which they replied, well, we figured you were  going to be hot anyway.
  They're like, what's an extra five degrees or 10 degrees of heat?  They considered it and then just went like that.
  Yeah.
 And there was so many rules about, you know, there's the whole Disney look as well.
  There's all these rules about makeup.
  And so we all turned up pretty much in nothing to a lick of mascara, let's say.
  And they decided, we think we'd like to see you.
  Some real southern lady came in, wanted to see us with our faces on and took, for example,  we said, I remember they put us in this room and they said they were going to give us an  example of makeup that they wanted.
  They asked for a volunteer, which was a bit ironic considering that was our job.
  And we normally pick volunteers, but they picked this lady and she was gorgeous, just never wore  makeup, never needed to.
  They put her on a chair.
  They went to town and made her look like a painted whore.
  Yes, we all just sort of hung with our mouths open like, what did you do?  Yeah.
 Well, now she's passable.
  Now she can be in public.
  Lisa and gave her some blue, some cornflower blue.
  Yeah.
  Big dull cheeks, rouge on the cheeks and the forehead.
  Why do you need it up there?  You somehow can't take the Orlando out of it.
  Trying to figure out the backstory of like, OK, I guess if our characters have consumption  or the play, OK, that kind of.
  Yes, whatever is.
  We're putting on the makeup that a corpse would need because they might be dead soon.
  You look shinier and sweatier and a lot of pit stains.
  That's going to really do it for the punters.
  That was the Disney look back then, I guess.
  That's what you would call it.
  Well, I've changed it.
  They're finally getting around to updating the look this year.
  I know you can have your tats and your tash and your long locks.
  It's very exciting.
  So I hope that woman you're talking about, I hope she's adjusting to the changes.
  OK, yeah, from her.
  I like that she had to be restrained, taken to a hospital.
  You do it one way.
  A slight wrist tattoo.
  I never has Satan overtaken the world.
  And then you wear sunglasses.
  Now you used to not be able to wear sunglasses, which is a bit hard.
  Yeah, right.
  That's yeah.
  Well, and maybe yeah, I wonder if we're here 30 years or whatever it is later,  maybe the next 30 years, it'll be even more progressive.
  Yeah, we'll be finally in the 20th century.
  Who knows?  You were talking about like you were working for Disney and Universal.
  I'm always curious because a lot of people do both.
  Did you have like a recruiter kind of after you at Universal?  Like, hey, you know, you should come over to Disney and we should do something here.
  And then people were offering you contracts.
  It feels like high stakes like sports agent and team like you're being.
  I wish I was known because I never really thought about I was very,  very British and didn't talk about money.
  But if Disney wanted to offer me a full time contract and had coughed up a bit more money,  I might have said I might have said yes.
  But but in the end, it was probably better that I just sort of was stayed slightly peripheral and  just sort of made my own schedule and stuff like that.
  Yeah.
  Well, and it can't be.
  I did leave.
  I realized I must leave now.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I would imagine around this time that you also you you start heading into the television world,  but that pulls you out of out of the theme park game.
  You were forcibly removed.
  Yeah, but it was funny because because when I did start working for Nickelodeon,  they would get three shows done a day.
  It would be about 40 episodes.
  So it gets shot pretty quickly.
  And so, yeah, the first two years I was there in Orlando.
  But the thing is, as well, I mean, people always think when you're on TV,  you're making the big bucks.
  But I actually made more money working at the theme park than I ever did  working for Nickelodeon until probably the fourth season.
  Yeah, they were they were not falling over themselves to pay me big banks of cash Nickelodeon.
  Viacom.
  Viacom, you're kidding.
  They weren't they aren't super.
  We didn't all get in a room and say, let's do more work.
  This is something I wanted to ask about because I just the would like the way  everybody yourself included who I watched a ton on Nickelodeon was such a hero to me  and such an icon to me.
  And I remember if you if I ever saw a Nickelodeon centric person on something else,  and I like if you saw Clarissa's dad on something or the one I remember specifically is Mr.
 Ernst  from from Hey Dude, the owner of the ranch on Hey Dude, that he is on an episode of Seinfeld  at some point in time.
  And I remember seeing that and going, that's interesting.
  Why?  Why would he need to do that?  He's already Mr.
 Ernst.
  Is this just like for fun?  Like when you get a job post retirement and they don't like I he's assuredly as Mr.
 Ernst,  he makes 15 million dollars a year.
  Yes, he must be doing them such a favor.
  Please, Mr.
 Ernst.
  Well, his one episode on Seinfeld probably paid him  multi fold what he ever made on Nickelodeon.
  Yeah, I work with Kirk Bailey sometimes who was on, I guess, salute your shorts.
  Yeah, and we kind of worked out we had supposed to voiceover together in that world now.
  And we both worked out we had people in common.
  And some outrageous people that I can't tell you about, but I'll say that so that you'll go,  I wish I knew and I'll go, oh, I can't.
  But yeah, we we're very happy in the voiceover world.
  Oh, sure.
 Yes.
  Well, and hey, indoors and perfectly cool, perfectly air conditioned.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I would do a Nicktoon any day of the week.
  I love those people.
  Yeah, sure.
  I saw you.
  You talked about loving the head of Barbera characters, and I was very excited to learn  that you were in an episode of Scooby Doo and got to say the line,  I would have been famous if it weren't for you meddling kids.
  Oh, my God, my life was made.
  Yeah, I didn't realize that was a dream of mine to say the meddling kids line.
  And I was like, oh, yeah, I can't.
  That sounds great.
  Oh, my God.
  And I need to adjust.
  I'm getting pins and needles.
  Um, yeah, I had done my episode.
  I was the baddie and I picked up my bag and I was leaving and the director just went,  wait a minute.
  You were the baddie.
  And I said, yes, I was.
  And then she said, well, did you say you meddling kids?  And I went, no, because I didn't even know it could possibly be an option.
  And then behind me, papers started flying and typewriters were hit.
  And then a sheet of paper was passed to me and I got to say it.
  And I emailed everyone I knew.
  I tooted that horn.
  Yes.
  I would ironically, I would have been famous if it weren't for you meddling kids is probably  a sentiment that other people who have worked in children's entertainment have held before.
  I feel that to this day, I tell my children.
  You call them metal.
  So you meddling kids.
  I could have been happy.
  No, I don't say that.
  Very dark.
  That took a dark time.
  Sure regret telling you to come on this podcast.
  Gallows humor.
  We're all.
  There was another episode of of Scooby Doo that I was on and that was where we worked  out what I was going to name my younger daughter.
  It was it was decided there.
  Yeah.
  Velma or Daphne.
  The thing is, my husband is from a little town outside of Flint, Michigan.
  He brags about that.
  Let me tell you.
  And Casey Casems, uncle used to run the grocery store in that town.
  And so Casey Casem.
  Oh, my husband just wrote a little.
  I'll finish the story.
  But Casey Casems uncle used to run the store.
  So Casey Casem used to come and play every summer.
  And he and my father-in-law, they used to just play together as kids.
  And Charlie, my father-in-law, he would tell us all these escapades they would do,  like pretending to lift a rope as cars were driving down the street.
  And they'd all put on their brakes and they'd laugh and run away like scampish boys.
  And I walk in for like my first episode of Scooby Doo and I see Casey Casem.
  Then I go, oh, they're doing some stunt casting.
  He's he's going to just do some some guest spot.
  But no, he was still playing Shaggy.
  Because they do that with men.
  The women were replaced, of course.
  But is that right?  They kept like Judy Jetson.
  They like kind of like kicked out of the movie very like non.
  She was over 29.
  She was asking for it.
  That's a heinous crime.
  But yeah, so I said hi to Casey and said, I don't know if you remember,  but you used to play with my father-in-law, Charlie Raina.
  And he went, oh, yes, we used to lift up a rope.
  And he told me all the same stories.
  And I listened.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Bonding with Casey Casem over his childhood terrorizing a small town.
  My favorite Lebanese man.
  Casey Casem is my favorite.
  Oh, well, well, my husband, you have maybe have to do this  because he just wrote in a little card.
  He wrote Auto World because my husband's been on every single theme park.
  But he started his theme park journey in Auto World in Flint, Michigan.
  If you have a couple of.
  No, but on a world, we have not gone to a world.
  Yeah, that's who's done this.
  Yeah.
  So whenever you do theme parks about the automotive industry with,  with, I don't know, areas where they explained how robots would soon take over  all of the people jobs and wonder why that auto that theme park failed.
  Maybe that's something you can dig into.
  Theme park fails for being correct.
  The rare.
  Also sad not knowing its audience.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They were very fond of cars at the time in Michigan.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  And apparently, did you one time want to know if the people on downtown Disney  performing if they were paid?  Because he can tell you they are.
  Which people like in which downtown Disney folks are we talking about?  The downtown Disney of Disneyland.
  They have the bands and then they have the magicians and jugglers and comedians and whatnot.
  Because.
  Oh yeah.
  Jason was part of a magic act on the way to dinner that one time.
  Yeah, we forced Jason to do to be a magician's trick.
  Yes, I was before dinner to a magic show, as we say in the improv world.
  Well hungry and that one grade.
  Magic while hungry is a terrible equation.
  You know, you're very patient when you're irrationally hungry.
  So it's a great time to help out a magician on the semi street.
  I guess it's not a footpath.
  I guess you can't.
  Yeah.
  Jason was like a character in a car, like a Snickers commercial who was so comically  angry that he was hungry.
  It didn't even make sense.
  And knowing if you were going to eat there that you had probably another hour of waiting.
  I absolutely did know that too.
  Yes, that was going through my head as well.
  There's a lot of forethought going on.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We have a video captured.
  We can see the anger coming through the screen.
  So that'll be cut.
  We have that forever, which is most videos of me.
  It's fine.
  Okay.
  So let me ask this.
  Of course.
  That's the show.
  We do.
  You fit right in.
  Very desultory.
  Let me ask on the on the guts front, because another thing like in the same way that I  like I assume Mr.
 Ernst is a multimillionaire.
  I think it had I bought into the illusion of guts so thoroughly that it probably never  occurred to me that you were an actress who got a part rather than like I think I assumed  that you having that role must have meant that some crazy like European tribunal must  have chosen you after many rounds.
  Yes.
  Like this is sports.
  This is like a bunch of like, you know, kind of tan leathery people all after like  nine rounds.
  All right.
  That Moira, she shall do it.
  It works just like that.
  It really makes absolute no sense that I ever did that show.
  I think I just must have been very, very different because it really was like when  I turned up, I think it was a lot of sort of six foot real fitties, like people you go,  oh, yeah, you look like you play sport.
  And then I turned up in one.
  I think I maybe put a baseball pass on, but not for sporty reasons.
  Probably my hair was terrible that day.
  And yeah, I think my first audition was to do sort of play by play of a video of kids  going through the elastic jungle.
  Oh, sure.
  One of the hardest things.
  Yeah.
  Seemingly like that's the.
  So I might have used terms probably like look at them twinging and twanging and  and that probably just sealed the deal.
  And I don't know.
  I think they probably then they had me come back several times to the arena as they were  building that.
  And I think there was discussion about would my accent be distracting?  Would the fact she knows nothing about sport clearly be a problem?  And somehow I think they just thought it was a bit funny, really.
  Right, right.
  Which was weird because they ended up making me I always thought incredibly school  Marmish on the show, but but whatever.
  So I just goofed really in the audition.
  Serious.
  Yeah, you were pretty like focused on on the.
  Yeah, because they kept rewriting the rules and giving me a card that I had to  memorize 30 seconds beforehand.
  So I was like stress.
  So you're like authority that you were conveying was actually because of stress.
  I've just learned this.
  These are the rules.
  Take it from me because I know them from 10 seconds ago.
  Yes, of a made up sport.
  That's like nonsense.
  That helps that you know, if you don't know anything about sports, at least they're  the sports were all made up.
  Well, there was that and I would I would say things that were that were wrong.
  Like one time I said something about Mike being a bit of a goon and the producer,  the executive producer came down and said, well, that's a bit hard.
  And and I was just like, what?  He goes, you just called Mike a goon.
  That's really harsh.
  And I was like, is it?  Because I was thinking of the Goon Show with Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan.
  And he was thinking like hockey sticks and whatever.
  So yes.
  And I would call when they did soccer events, I did accidentally call them football.
  As they show.
  So there was a lot of that.
  And I didn't know the rules for anything.
  I didn't know the rules to know how they were bending the rules.
  As far as I was concerned, that was how you played football.
  To this day.
  Yeah, I knew tennis and I knew downhill skiing.
  That wasn't going to help me on guts.
  As far as you knew, all basketball had bungee cords involved.
  Right.
  Basketball is such a ludicrous sport anyway.
  Right now, I need to hear.
  Yeah, I would like to hear your opinion.
  I guess further thoughts on basketball being ludicrous.
  Well, here's the thing.
  The men are so very tall and the women women's basketball.
  That was terrible of me, but they're all very, very tall.
  And the court is not so very, very big.
  Whereas if you compare that to, say, soccer, I'm going to say soccer.
  That's an absolutely massive pitch.
  Simply getting from one end to the other is an amazing feat.
  Right.
  Let alone doing.
  Now, I'm not going to say that basketball is lacking in skill.
  I'm just saying the scale of the environment and the scale of the human beings who participate  make it bizarre for me.
  I see.
  So if a basketball court was like four times as big, maybe it would make more sense or  it'd be at least as impressive to watch.
  Yes.
  I mean, I sitting on my fat ass on my couch would like to I would like to render that judgment.
  Okay, well, it seems fair.
  Perfectly fair.
  I've actually never heard this about I've ever heard this opinion.
  So that's I've got tons of opinions about things I know nothing about.
  Well, that's this that's what the show is for.
  Honestly, that's what we do all the time.
  So yeah, you mean to tell me that's the case and you don't have a podcast.
  I know nothing about this.
  Well, let me just start arbitrary authority.
  That's that's what it's about, which I guess was you on guts too.
  That like, yeah, I bought you as a she must have been through four years of referee university.
  And also, I don't have the stature for it because I'm incredibly tiny height wise.
  And yes, there was just Apple boxes galore that I would stand on to have some sort of authority.
  All the kids were about my height.
  Yeah, so I guess that worry it's not like if you were with boxers, you're never going to  put where you had to like break up a fight, I assume unless that was cut.
  No, we did.
  We did have I can't remember which boxer it was.
  We had quite a famous boxer on.
  I just saw it in YouTube.
  I wonder if Vandor Holyfield was on.
  And he was lovely.
  And who was the nice who was the nice football boy?  And I say boy, because he was super young.
  Because he was like 19.
  I can't remember, but he was just adorable.
  He was the loveliest man in the world.
  I hope he's had a fantastic life since then.
  Yeah, he left.
  Well, there's a good human.
  That's nice.
  Well, all right.
  Speaking of a nice football boy, then that's probably what it means.
  Whoever this nice football boy is, we wish him the best.
  We wish you well.
  Yeah.
  So was the show like was doing it fun at all?  Like it was it intense?  Was it?  Yeah, because we did three a day.
  So it was it was it was a big day.
  And because they they would just like bring the kids in for the event, the event, the event.
  Then then there was moving everything around.
  So it was block shots, basically.
  Oh, that was my question.
  I just read that about Legends of the Hidden Temple and that those were maybe kind of frustrating  tapings to watch if you were an audience member because it was so broken up.
  Dull as dull can be.
  I mean, there was audience form.
  I mean, if there was the drool of all of those rides that you could possibly be going on  and being stuck in the extreme arena for hours and hours, I'm sure the parents were fine.
  They could have a nap.
  But if you're a kid, I mean, that probably was a tough it was probably a tough call.
  You once you once it hit minute 31 and you realized, wait, it's not done.
  This doesn't take half an hour.
  Like when I watch it.
  Isn't that sad when when you realize that?  No, we had there was a lot of fun.
  You know, it's all like the same as backstage shenanigans and stuff.
  And and I still have great friends.
  My friend Kirk, who he's a sports cameraman.
  He was a cameraman on the show.
  And whenever he's here shooting golf, we always get together.
  In fact, I don't know if you can see the queen behind.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yes, you do have the queen frame behind or some queen.
  That was his wedding gift to us.
  And I had to write to him and say, I know there shouldn't be winners and losers in wedding gifts,  but you're the winner clearly.
  That's true.
  There are.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You don't want to say that, but yeah.
  Look at her.
  You never realize about the queen until you have flipping tea tray of her.
  She's stacked.
  The queen is just stacked.
  I don't know how they dress her.
  That's harder to see from here.
  I guess I could do my own.
  I think it from me that top chiffonier draw is open.
  That's actually a tray.
  That's a tray for like serving.
  Tea tray.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Back after the coronation, I'm sure there was nothing greater than  serving a cup of tea and some biscuits.
  Oh, that's my.
  It's going to be walked up to us.
  Oh, great.
  Oh, hello.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, look at the top.
  Oh, yeah.
  So, huh?  That's a lot.
  Yeah, that's really impressive.
  That's I looked.
  I was happy with it from afar, but now I'm like, well, that's very impressive.
  Rendered lovingly onto a piece of your raffly tin.
  Yes.
  Dry cake and some tea on that.
  Fantastic.
  Yeah, great.
  Now, you did like in watching some episodes recently, you did like,  though you if you you found yourself being serious on it, but in the few that I saw,  you did like give the business to Michael Malley a little bit.
  In fact, in one after a particularly like hyper energetic intro he did of all the pieces  and then they got to go through here and then they're going to end up splashing in the pool.
  Mo, then you I think refer to him as Mike O'Silly.
  Oh, did I?  I enjoyed very much.
  That's pretty good.
  Halfway through, although sometimes through, I think he was just being incredibly  manic and then they just threw to me and it's like and I think I said steady, Mike,  and then the executive producer liked that and then I feel like they I got extended on my leash.
  A little that was allowed to do that.
  Another one you said, take a nap, Mike.
  Oh, did I?  I think I forgot this was like a like a recurring this was a zone within the show.
  The Moira roast.
  Full Marmish Moira.
  Yeah, somebody should make a super cut of all of these on you and put it on YouTube of all the  like this light light light ribbon gentle.
  Yeah, because it's now I got alerted that I think it's playing on the paramount,  whatever paramount streaming services now the entire.
  Oh, wow.
  Yeah, so that's great.
  And I would never do that.
  Is it great though?  Is it?  I guess that's a question for you.
  Yes, I guess.
  Yes, there's no old footage of me on there.
  So residuals.
  That would be fantastic.
  I'll be living in a much larger house.
  Could we shame Viacom into giving residual?  I'm not even joking here.
  There's a lot of this going on.
  Let's come on.
  This sucks.
  I don't think I've got quite Dave Chappelle's pull.
  So yeah, just saying I learned my lesson and I'm very happy to be in a union.
  Amen.
  All right.
  What was the around the time it was going on?  Could you even like venture out into the park?  Were you was it like?  I was working at the park.
  So these are concurrent.
  That's the question.
  You would still be doing stuff.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah, I could.
  I thought I got my job to work for Nickelodeon.
  This is a mind blow.
  I'm flashing to similarly that I heard somewhere.
  I did the important work of listening to an interview with Dan Cortez from MTV Sports,  and he said like he basically he was like a P.
A.
 for his own show  and could not was not willing to not be a P.
A.
 for the show that he hosted  because the P.
A.
 money was better than the hosting money.
  Preach.
  Yeah, no, I definitely kept my job and they were very nice to let me like have my three weeks.
  I'd say it was shot.
  It was shot that quickly that you would just like, let me do my.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Because they could make a punch through like three, three a day.
  Yeah.
  So when kids like notice you when they went to a ride, like would they shot  like would they be like, hey, wait a minute?  I'm trying to think not the first time, but but later on, I would sometimes sort of get  recognized, but also people always think that you're giant if you're on TV.
  And then you learn that everybody in film and television is actually  it's not surprising to be my stature.
  Yeah.
  So you kind of could.
  I'm not quite five foot is how I'll put it.
  OK, yeah.
  So you could kind of hide maybe that way.
  Yeah.
  I wasn't wearing a black and white striped shirt.
  That's true.
  Kids might not be able to put that together if it wasn't.
  Without that, I was like flipping Hannah Montana.
  Was there ever an urge, though, to be like, you know what?  I'm going to put the rough shirt on and walk through the park once just to see what happens.
  No, because I didn't.
  I didn't like that.
  I'm a very, I'm a very shy extrovert.
  Sure.
  Yeah, I hear it up and yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Then you turn it off.
  I always found it very weird to get like, I mean, I did a lot of the live tours and  and for Nickelodeon, but they would send us off for the weekend to go to some mall somewhere to  throw slime on a kid and play a few games.
  And I remember going to a bathroom in a mall.
  I remember going to the bathroom and just being in the store and just saying,  and as I opened the door, there were like 15 little girls all grinning at me.
  And I was like, I just paid.
  It was really embarrassing.
  And they were like, yeah, they wanted my and I think they said, can we have you?  Can we have your autograph?  And I said, yes, of course you can, but let me wash my hands first.
  And this was before COVID.
  You're her pioneer.
  Yes, I pioneered hand washing.
  So.
  What was on the live tour?  And now I'm asking myself why I did not go to this.
  This sounds fantastic.
  Love malls, love Nickelodeon, love slime, love you on guts.
  Why did I not go to these things?  You can't answer that question, but what was the what else happened on these?  I would turn up.
  We would turn up.
  I would actually be involved in making slime, which was Baker's.
  Actually, they call it Baker's cream, I think.
  It's what they it's kind of like a pudding.
  Okay.
  It's called pudding and applesauce and an absolute ton of green dye.
  We dyed a couple of tow headed kids, I think.
  Permanently.
  Yeah, so I only did the ones where it was just sort of a small mall thing.
  Mike can fill more and Mark Summers would go do the massive kind of tours,  the bus and truck sort of tours of it.
  Gotcha.
  Yeah.
  But you would turn up in a mall, there'd be a stage, play some games,  dunk a kid and then and then we'd have dinner and go home.
  Yeah.
  Spend the food court and wait, why are you making the slime too?  Because I was helpful.
  You wanted the pitch in.
  That's nice.
  Naked nations.
  It was just all of us together.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Crazy.
  Yeah, that's the mall tours.
  I guess I didn't go to any of these either, but like where they're like,  no, what's on the bigger tour to kids?  Like, do they set up more like of a stage like, or do they?  Yeah, there would be when they did the big tours, then they would have basically concert venues.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, more like full like that.
  And they would actually have props and things from the show.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  I always wonder like, because I went to, you know, we've talked a lot on the show about stuff.
  The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles had a live musical performance that I got to go to,  but I do wonder how many of these things, I know it's a very amazing show,  but I wonder how many things like my mom or dad just like were going through the  newspaper and saw like, you know, Nickelodeon Live and they were like,  let's just put this in the trash so he doesn't see it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Let's.
  Oh great.
  A few.
  Yeah.
  I wasn't treated poorly or anything.
  I'm just saying once in a while, he doesn't need to see this.
  Tax bills coming up.
  We don't need any extra expenses right now.
  Well, that sounds deeply unfair because as you pointed out at the beginning,  that you weren't on sports teams, so you weren't stealing their weekends that way.
  Well, I did.
  Or were you?  A little bit, a little bit, but I'll be honest, I was, I was chosen last in basketball and that's  because my friend's father told his son that I was chosen last in the entire league.
  You had that info at your disposal?  Oh my God.
  It's crazy to say that.
  You know what?  My husband made a very good point because he was also a person who would be picked last  and he said, actually, you're not, you're not ever picked last.
  The person before you is picked.
  And then you quietly shuffle over to the people who never wanted you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that is.
  You're not picked.
  You just look over there.
  There is some comfort though, because expectations are low.
  So then like when you're terrified of a fly ball, you're like, well, you knew this was,  I'm living up to expectations.
  You knew this was coming.
  I'm terrified.
  Yeah.
  I had been being out here.
  I got hit with a soccer ball in kindergarten, a soccer practice,  and that colored the rest of my sports.
  Rest of your life.
  My rest of my life.
  That child will be an actor.
  That child will be a comedian.
  He'll be a podcaster, in fact, a future medium of podcasting.
  Did you guys encounter a lot?  There was an oral history of Guts that Sports Illustrated did a few years ago.
  And it talked a lot about pulling contestants from sports groups or YMCA groups and that sort  of thing.
 And the kids all seemed very confident.
  Did you encounter many nervous kids like we all were?  No, no, I did not, because they were all super keen to be there.
  But I will tell you, and I won't name his name,  but we we were so delighted with him because he was insane.
  And like Mike, Mike introduced like the kids all had to say their names and their nicknames  at the beginning of the show.
  I seemed to call.
  Oh, yeah.
  And they all they would be like the Brute and then it would cut to this like looking 12 year old girl.
  This particular kid, the first kid went and his name was just like, I'm John and I'm  powerful.
 And then the next one, I'm Katie and I kick butt.
  And then this kid just went like, like animal from the Muppets.
  He was just that.
  And then he just tore around the racetrack like the Tasmanian Devil jumped over things like he was on  flipping drugs.
  He when they got to like the what we called like the second act, Mike had said to the three kids,  what are you expecting in this next heat is this next event?  It's so difficult.
  And he was saying, I expect you to be the next kid.
  And I said, I'm going to be the next kid.
  Next event is so difficult.
  And he was saying, I expect I'm going to have to run really fast.
  And the girl was just like, I think I'm just going to be like elbows out.
  And he just went, I think I'm going to have leaves flying past my face is what he said.
  And that might not be word for word, but it's what I remember because it was something insane.
  And we went, oh, interesting.
  And then at the end, they had to run and get onto like their first place, second place,  third place podium.
  So the first kid runs up, gets his place.
  Second kid runs up, gets their place.
  And then he runs up and just jumps over it like the nurse one.
  Like, yeah.
  Like, and we did find out that he wasn't maybe some like a police group club or something.
  And I'm saying this with all sorts of love because he was fantastic.
  He was so happy.
  But I think that he maybe did take some sort of meds just to calm him a little.
  And he hadn't taken them that day.
  And we could tell.
  Yeah.
  There was going to be a day to get off the meds.
  He chose the correct day.
  That was well, that was thoughtful.
  I mean, you pull a wild card, you get great television.
  Well, I think we got, because we'd loved, I think we got pulled and said, you can't be  amused by this.
  Yeah.
  But we weren't on camera.
  But I don't know.
  I think maybe for the audience or something.
  But yeah, that was the best day of my life on Garts.
  He was fantastic.
  Yeah.
  Did he climb the agro crag in like two seconds?  Yeah.
  He was at the bottom, then he was at the top.
  How?  Yeah.
  There was just nothing in between.
  Oh, well done.
  Manic kids.
  It's a perfect plate.
  If only every kid who has energy issues could go work it out on the agro crag.
  Exactly.
  It would be a great therapeutic place.
  Yeah.
  Better than if we had the three of us as kids.
  Exactly.
  I tried to do it.
  With a stunt team around you.
  Huh?  With a stunt team around you too.
  Yeah, with a stunt team.
  I just think it would have been a little less,  did you have it a little more like, are they anxious?  Yeah.
  Like that is our version of Garts.
  I would have climbed the agro crag and my mom would have been right behind me,  making sure I was OK the whole time.
  Just like spotting me as we go up.
  That would have been a good episode, honestly.
  Yeah.
  To go up in a sort of a stroll, that's sort of fun,  without all the mylar exploding at you.
  It's very squishy.
  It was surprisingly squishy.
  Like trampoline-ish?  Like sort of bounced a bit, huh?  So if a kid like ate it, it wouldn't be so bad landing with your face on it.
  Yeah.
  And there were two guys from the art department who would wait up there,  maybe to throw more mylar, I don't know.
  I think I mentioned Muttley at the beginning of our time together,  but one of them laughed like Muttley.
  He was amazing.
  Yeah.
  And they taught me, those two guys in the art department taught me,  because we all had to wear Reeboks and they always, you know,  your laces always come undone.
  And if there's anything I learned from Garts,  it was from those two guys who taught me how to tie my shoes in a particular way.
  And my shoelaces have never come undone since 1992.
  Wow.
  Wow.
 That's interesting.
  I'm curious to know what that is.
  That's like a superpower.
  Yeah, really.
  I'm still bad at tying my shoes.
  Yeah, I was late to that in addition to like, oh, man, he's crying a lot.
  I was also very late to that.
  I was like, the Velcro makes so much sense.
  It's so efficient.
  Why are we ditching it?  But, you know, I didn't have gaffers helping me.
  I didn't have row teasters.
  No, you didn't.
  Or people to throw mylar on you once you'd had success with your shoelaces.
  That's right.
  I was reading like a Guts Wikipedia page where somebody pointed out that the,  yeah, right, so there's the piece of the rock that is your trophy at the end.
  This Wikipedia.
  Oh, boy.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Yeah.
  Oh, here we go.
  Let me pause and prepare myself.
  All right.
  To see one of these things.
  This is going to be the best thing I did over Zoom the entire time was see a piece of the.
  I was just going to say, like, I read this thing.
  Oh, here it comes.
  Whoa.
  Wait, wow.
  Whoa.
  It's lit up too.
  Yeah, it's got my name on it.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  How does it light up?  What's it doing there?  That adds value.
  Geez.
  What does it say on there?  It says global guts.
  So that was the global guts version.
  Season one.
  So that was aspirational.
  Mo, on your mark, get set, go.
  Which I never said.
  It was always a whistle.
  Nickelodeon Studios, Orlando, Florida.
  Wow.
  It honestly gave me chills to see that and then hear the phrase,  the full phrase Nickelodeon Studios, Orlando, Florida.
  And my husband says it's all thanks to him to pay for that.
  Yes, you have a disclaimer on your website that I will that you will not sell your agro  crag unless like for a significant sum of money.
  Significant.
  I've got my mother to take care of.
  Yeah.
  Maybe a listener out there.
  Oh, did you go to my website?  I don't think I've looked at that.
  It probably needs updating, doesn't it?  Yeah.
  It's you know, it's the important thing is it's still there as opposed to mine,  which disappeared apparently seven months ago and I never noticed.
  So you're doing better.
  It disappeared.
  I'm on my second account.
  The site that was it was hosting it became not a site anymore and didn't tell anyone.
  I never got an email.
  So yeah, it was months of it.
  My website might look like a MySpace page.
  I don't know how old it's been a long time since I've looked at it.
  Yeah.
  And God knows what happened to my first Twitter account.
  So now I have a sad second Twitter account that makes me annoyed.
  Yeah.
  I do want to ask we've seen your agro crag.
  Do you still have your cable ace award?  Oh, that wouldn't have gone to me.
  I've become the executive producer.
  Okay.
  That's in a Nickelodeon office.
  They probably didn't even know I was on the show.
  There wasn't a referee category where you competed against American Gladiator.
  Best full bryon nylon striped shirt.
  Yes, I'll take that award.
  No competition for that.
  What was the so the the the ending of the whole enterprise,  not only the show, but also the closing of Nickelodeon studios.
  How was the how were your emotions surrounding the end of that era?  Ambivalent.
  I guess the checks helped get you to that point.
  Yeah.
  By that time, because there's a lot of kids out there who are starting a lot of petitions  and I guess you weren't you weren't signing them.
  Bring back the big stream arena.
  I've had such a weird like my favorite and great time with Nickelodeon was was,  you know, when when they finally opened up Nick Toons,  which was this great building in Burbank, I always used to drive by and go,  that's an amazing building.
  Someone should do something with that.
  And it became Nick Toons.
  And so I was very happy to go in and do the shows there.
  It was a nice transition.
  I don't think most people at Nick Toons knew that I'd actually worked on camera  at Nickelodeon.
  It was weird.
  Yeah, I think I was going to make a point, but I can't remember what it was.
  Oh, it was better.
  So but when when Nickelodeon or Nick Toons opened, they they had their proper opening  and they had a massive party.
  And I did get invited as a VIP, having been on their shows for several years  and being on their cartoon series.
  So I turn up good as gold, all happy to go to a party and have a cocktail in the afternoon,  planning a nap afterwards.
  I'm not on the guest list.
  I couldn't get in.
  Oh, God.
  Can you imagine?  And they enforced it and nobody checked for you?  No, there was no.
  They said, I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  And I went, don't worry about it.
  And got back in my car and we went off and had lunch somewhere else or something.
  It was something.
  And then my friend, D, D Baker, he was the voice of Olmec.
  So we're good friends.
  Well, he said inside the party, there was big mugshots of me, me and Mike, of all of the shows.
  But but only only on a picture.
  I couldn't get him.
  Isn't that bizarre?  Oh, no, is in it.
  Oh, my God.
  If only you had known and had that to point to.
  There's a picture of me inside.
  Can you let me in?  I'll point at it.
  That's the worst part.
  When you're a PA and they're like, oh, they forgot me on the rap party.
  All right, fine.
  I'm nobody.
  But when you're trying to do the like, I'm in the OK.
  So there's in the sixth scene, if you watch, I'm in.
  And it's just like, all right, man.
  Yeah.
  I know.
  Whatever.
  Learned since then that actually getting into the parties.
  I mean, I should have been.
  Obviously, there was a mistake.
  Clearly.
  Yes, I hope so.
  But but yeah, it's not an unfamiliar story in the Hollywood trenches of people invited.
  That's why you always have the phone number of someone you know will be there early.
  That's you.
  Jason, he's already early.
  Oh, I'd be happy.
  I'd be happy to let anyone in.
  Who's my phone number?  But no, that that's my trick for not going like, hey, come on.
  Like, I hate this restaurant usually.
  But come on.
  I at least want to say hi to some people.
  Yes, exactly.
  Yeah.
  So you're all right.
  So so Fonder feelings for the Nick, besides this party situation, Fonder feelings for  the Nick Toons building where you've done a bunch of a bunch of stuff.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That's great.
  So and actually did they they did a Sanjay and Craig where they recreated Mike and me.
  Oh, really?  A few years ago.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  That's a nice way to tie everything together.
  That's so cool.
  Yeah, there's a Sanjay and Craig style me rendered.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  That's great.
  Amazing.
  Yeah, let's see what.
  Well, well, now the Star Wars thing.
  Let's let's talk about your place in the Star Wars.
  I love and have always loved and ever since I first saw the movie have been astonished by  and and it's really all I can think about.
  Yes, of course.
  Yes, yes.
  On the record.
  We all love Star Wars and the only thing we love more than Star Wars is working regularly.
  Exactly.
  All the same.
  When did you start loving Star Wars?  I would say about the time they hired me.
  Yes.
  Would be the truth.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, makes sense.
  You've done like multiple video games, though.
  Yes, I do.
  I love video games.
  Yeah.
  Which is fun.
  I mean, I've video games in general, but multiple Star Wars games, too.
  Is there like a is any of these not just Star Wars, let's say, like any of the video games,  is there any different than the regular video stuff?  Is it more fun?  Less?  Is it more work intensive?  It's a different.
  It's a different animal.
  And actually, this year, because I was doing video games, I don't know if I would have  gone on the learning curve that I have because they, I think they just needed to continue  their work getting these enormously expensive games done.
  And it was sort of, will you be willing?  Are you willing to record from home if we send you  the equipment and tell you how to use it?  To which I said, yes, I will do that.
  And thank goodness for that.
  That was blind light with a game called Destiny 2.
  Because of that, I knew everything to buy and how to set it up and how to work it.
  But it was several weeks of me learning how to use logic and my preamp and just  it was a lot of YouTube watching.
  But yes, like some games, when I did Skyrim, I got that all done in an afternoon.
  And then other games, it goes on for years.
  There's a game about a boy who's slightly magical that I can't talk about because I've signed an NDA.
  But I'm not saying who it is because there's lots of magical people in the world.
  And maybe I mean literal magic and maybe I don't because what is magic?  That's been going on for a few years before it's been released.
  And some games don't let you even talk about it even once it's released.
  It's weird.
  Yeah.
  Oh, so there's things you can't take credit for for whatever reason, just because of the odd  way that they.
  I don't know.
  They're there.
  That's a funny world that.
  But yes, sometimes it's a lot of being shot and that can be.
  And other times you're a witch who can only access her powers when she's drunk.
  And that's super fun.
  So it's just all different types of characters.
  Yeah.
  A very wide range, it seems like.
  It's actually not something I didn't even consider.
  But I guess, yeah, like if you're like the characters running and like getting hit,  you have to do a lot of it's like, oh, my God.
  Yeah, that's really I think for me, that's that's the part that's  I'm not going to say it hardest, but it requires a different sort of part of the brain to to work.
  And I did have one director who was just great.
  And he would say because they know the kind of exact sound that they need.
  It's sort of like war scenes and fight scenes that they really do have to orchestrate them in a way.
  So sometimes they need a or a and you have to give them that.
  So don't be breaking your voice going when they need a.
  Yeah, just get you in the general vicinity of much happier with words.
  Words.
  Yeah.
  Words in my Ballywick.
  Makes sense.
  On efforts and grunts.
  Sure, sure.
  If anyone ever wants to give me sort of line readings for  exactly this sort of sound or efforts that they need, I'm never upset.
  I welcome it.
  Yeah, sure.
  I've been on the other side of that.
  I'm like, thank you for saying that because either I could do a dance,  I could say a bizarre paragraph to try to get to where it sounds like,  eh, I could just say, eh, it's very.
  I'm more practiced now.
  And also with games, you have to understand that  most people just want to get you out of the way so they can keep playing.
  So, you know, you're sometimes an unwelcome presence.
  You try and make yourself as welcome as possible.
  Yeah.
  You're also you have so many credits in the in the like ADR looping world,  which now what occurs to me is what you began.
  That's the that's the murder she wrote.
  I know.
  You had all ties together.
  All tied together.
  Yeah, it's actually a fun job and I often go in.
  It seems that I have a canny way with news reporters.
  I you will often hear me in the background being some sort of BBC type  reporter newscaster.
  And whenever someone calls me and says, do you want to do that?  I always say, well, yes, I do.
  I turn up, I do my job, I sign my contract and I go home.
  Seems like the way to do it.
  Dream.
  Wait, it's not sexy, but here we are doing a live in the life.
  In a house in L.
A.
  Well, that's we were we were talking, I think, a little at the start of all this  or even before we started the whole the notion of like is because we I think we built up  in L.
A.
 now, but we built up Orlando is like the dream of dreams because like all the at  least in the early 90s, all the best entertainment is there to us.
  The best theme parks are there.
  Some of who became the biggest stars in the world are just starting to hone their  craft at seven years old or whatever it is.
  Are we insane?  Are we insane for thinking that Orlando is this this Xanadu?  What is it?  It's actually because it is and I don't mean this as a dispute, it's a secondary market  where you can go and live affordably and practice and hone your craft.
  You can do theater there, you can do improv there.
  All those sorts of things and think about all the people.
  I'm thinking about the people that I was there with who were in my sort of coterie at SAC  and at the theme parks and we have, you know, D Baker was there who's in every single Star  Wars cartoon, every who plays Klaus on American Dad.
  He's just, you know, he's just amazing in the world of voiceover.
  Wayne Brady was there.
  Jonathan Mangum, who's on, is it not the price is right?  The one Wayne Brady did like his like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He's like, yeah, yeah, right.
  Oh, he was an Orlando guy.
  Oh, they go back.
  Okay.
  Our friend Claire Sarah's, you know, she's a film writer and does very well.
  Our friend Aaron Shaw wrote on Raymond and wrote on The Office and has his Emmy and,  you know, everyone sort of started there.
  And then, but the sad thing is, I don't know if it will always be this way, but yeah,  you'd better get yourself to maybe Georgia or LA or New York or Chicago.
  It's just, that's still the way it is.
  You're always going to be sort of geographically challenged,  but there's amazing people performing there.
  The people that who are still at the parks, I think about who are just fantastic.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Steve Pernick's still there.
  He wrote, he wrote Shelby Wu.
  Do you remember the mystery?  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So he wrote that and he was the detective in it and he's back in Orlando and he has his  house and his family and performs.
  Yeah.
  Sure, sure.
  Is there, I always ask us of people who performed in the parks, because I'm a little jealous  I didn't do this when I was younger.
  I think it would have been fun to do it, but is there like a thing you did in the parks  that if you were like, it would be fun to do an hour again of this, like to this role,  this murder she wrote or is there anything like that or is it all like, ah, that's, I did it.
  Oh, that's so funny.
  We went back to, my husband was doing the Genie Conference, the Magic Conference,  and it was in Orlando and he got, you know, he had his flight and some pay.
  Oh, he's, you can just speak words.
  Once the Genie Conference comes up.
  Yeah, he's not a magician.
  He was there as an allied artist because he does juggling and performance art and comedy.
  But so, so we all went and it was 2017, so I hadn't been there performing and,  and I looked at parts of Epcot and I went, well, that looks familiar.
  And then I went, oh my God, I worked here because that's what happens,  lad, when you get older, you forget things and you just,  everything becomes very compartmentalized, I think.
  No, I wouldn't go back.
  I don't like going back.
  There's nothing that I would do again.
  But I'm definitely appreciative for that, that part of my life there.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  It was, and I did enjoy when we went back, I think I maybe enjoyed it more as being  a person with my kids, showing them stuff that I'd enjoyed as a kid and just being such an  old woman about it because I made sure that we all went on the carousel of progress.
  I said, we are doing this because I just remember when I was little that you would always go there  because that was the free ride.
  You didn't have your A ticket, your B ticket or your E ticket for that.
  It was just, you could just get on it.
  I don't think I knew that.
  Okay.
  You could learn about the fine General Electric products.
  That was the big.
  It's sort of, it's a tides of branded.
  Yeah.
  And also, and to this day, I mean, I don't know where I would put it, but if I ever did  find a machine that you, whatever it is that you wrap around you and then it jiggles you  and you're meant to lose weight that way.
  I mean, a, what a dream.
  I hope it works.
  I'm sure it does clearly.
  Yeah.
  And that I would remember that from the carousel of progress and the dog, the animatronic dog.
  Yeah.
  I guess I remember the theme parks more for just from being a kid myself and the actual  working there.
  I mean, I love the people.
  Yeah.
  Peter and Paul vote were there too.
  Amazing people were there.
  So yeah.
  So when you are at the theme parks, really, really pay attention to who's performing because  they're going to be amazing one day somewhere else.
  You might see them on a TV show, even though clearly they're making more, you know,  why would they do a TV show?  And they've got that gig, right?  Is that how it gets started?  More dependable living in the parks.
  Yes, apparently this is what we've learned.
  We've learned so much.
  Yours was more about why would you do one TV show rather than another TV show?  Yeah.
  Children can't wrap their heads around the concept of sag scale, though.
  So, you know, it's a lot figured out.
  Why would, what's her name, Lucy Lawless ever do anything other than the show shot in New Zealand  for five shillings?  Why would she then do network television in America?  I'm really going to have to ponder that one.
  Surely they kept, I mean, they kept discovering such riches on that show.
  I don't know that the residents of Pawnee are that rich with balloons or whatever.
  No.
  Well, thank you for taking us on this, this rich, this intellectually rich journey to Orlando.
  Random, desultory kind of old womanish type reminiscences.
  Oh, no, it was, it was fantastic.
  It was a blast.
  More of a Quirk You Survived podcast, The Ride.
  What an honor.
  So happy to have you.
  Thanks for putting it out there and reaching out and wanting to be on it.
  Thanks to your daughter for supporting the show.
  That's, that's great news to us.
  You might have us be intern.
  What's, oh yeah.
  Oh, should we?  Don't let her.
  They're starting to pay some internships now.
  Don't make the mistakes we did.
  We're stalking yourself.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything that you would like to plug?  Anything I would like to plug?  No, I'm absolutely secured with NDAs.
  What?  What?  Instagram.
  Oh yes, Instagram.
  Follow my sad Instagram and my sad Twitter.
  They're really quite jolly.
  My name, Maura Quirk.
  Okay.
  That's what I got told.
  That's what I got told and I am a person who does what I'm told.
  Yeah.
  So follow me and I put, I put jolly pictures on to make you smile in the morning.
  Well, that's nice.
  Or anytime that you look at them.
  They're not just for the morning.
  Oh, it doesn't expire at a certain point.
  Like Steven Spielberg's Quibi was going to.
  They're nocturnal and diurnal.
  Well, that's fun.
  Wow.
  They work all the time.
  That's impressive.
  As for us, you can find us on all the socials, including Instagram at podcast, the ride,  our collective name.
  There's merch available in our T public store and for three bonus episodes every month,  check out podcast, the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  Good stuff.
  I feel like to answer the question of the show, I feel like we had it today.
  We did all have it.
  Thanks to Moira.
  And thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thanks everybody for listening.
  Goodbye.
  Goodbye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to  our shows on apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
