 Forever.
  Dog.
  Hi, true believers.
  The following podcast is exploding with reclaimed manufacturing facilities.
  Mesmerizing restaurants with shockingly similar names and that eye-popping shade known only  as gargantuan gray.
  Thwip, Snicked, Clang.
  This is Avengers Campus on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a show hosted by three men who get a surge of self-satisfied  adrenaline when they use the word Q instead of line.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Excelsior, Michael.
  Yes, thank you.
  You know, I saw someone holding, they're still having to do all the outdoor Qs, and someone  had a big sign on a stick that said like, end of Q here.
  And I was like, that's interesting.
  Disney is like officially saying Q on a sign.
  Yeah, I think that is now like just basic like theme park language.
  I think so too.
  I wonder how many like man on the street, you know, your average Joe.
  Well, we're doing our part educating people every day of the updated vocabulary and Scott  Garner is here doing his part.
  Yeah, this seems like the kind of thing like one day somebody's going to be so mad about  it on Twitter.
  It's a Q, okay?  I'm only going to say this one more time.
  They're not lines.
  They're Qs.
  Normalized Qs.
  It's what we call them now.
  And it has like 1.
2K likes and like, why?  Why is everyone so mad about it?  It's like something like the, you know what I don't get mad about like other people do  is sketch and skit.
  That's some weird like comedy writer.
  Excuse me, skits are at summer camp.
  I think skits are, I think it's kind of fun to try to announce like, no, this is a skit.
  This is what we're doing.
  Like, isn't it more, it takes the pressure off.
  You call it a skit.
  Skit feels like something they did on Hee Haw, but like you didn't have to worry about it.
  It's not as much art.
  And I don't mean that in a bad way.
  I mean that in the sense that like it's a little skit.
  Does just a little, it could be 30 seconds.
  Skit and play is cute.
  It is not Saturday Night Live where it's like a set that's very good and it immerses you.
  It's like they didn't even change the set.
  They put like half a costume on a guy who's smiling at you.
  Like, I'm not really a cowboy.
  It's like Slim Pickens and Junior Samples doing a 25 second skit.
  That's what they were doing.
  Those are names by the way.
  It's actual performers.
  I've never heard the name Junior Samples.
  You're getting too obscure for me.
  Yeah.
  I was really listening to some of these old, Jason knows about this.
  I was listening to an old country artist named Little Jimmy Dickens a couple of days ago  as well.
  So yeah, anyway, that's not what this podcast is about though.
  No Lil Nas X for you.
  It's Little Jimmy Dickens.
  Well, that's pretty funny to say that.
  Okay, really quick back to Little Jimmy Dickens.
  We learned that he was born in 1920 and he passed away in 2015.
  And he was so around that he was on like the Country Music Awards in 2011 doing a bit playing  Justin Bieber, playing Little Justin Bieber at like age, what did we find, like 90?  Something like that.
  And also it's important.
  That's not just a nickname.
  He is like 4'11".
  Right.
  Oh, okay.
  He actually was young.
  Anyway.
  So he's living his truth.
  Wow.
  Still doing skits.
  Now that's a skit.
  That was a skit.
  Him and Brad Paisley did a little skit on the Country Music Awards in 2011.
  It's freeing.
  Skit is freeing.
  Like, sketch comedy should not be precious.
  Skit comedy is a phrase that's never been said.
  So you can invent it as you go.
  I work in skit comedy.
  You're doing a great job of like taking the thing that's happening this very week and  immediately alienating audience with talk of Lil' Jimmy Dickens.
  Junior Sample.
  Junior Sample.
  We're saying his many names.
  But however, this is how the whole episode is going to feel to me.
  Admittedly a non-Marvel person.
  I don't know what anything is.
  You might as well, you know, Jimmy Dickens could be an Ant-Man character for all I know.
  Lil' Jimmy Dickens, yes, he was good friends with Hank Pym and.
.
.
  He's one of the Yancey Street Gang.
  Oh, you're right.
  He was one of Ben Grimm, aka Things, Yancey Street Gang.
  The Young Tops.
  The thing is from the Fantastic Four, of course, Scott.
  He's the Orange Rocky guy played by Michael Chiklis in the two movies.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And I forget who plays him in the Josh Trank version, but that's okay.
  Yeah.
  But I should just keep tally marks of things that I don't understand in this episode, which  there's going to be a lot.
  Should we slip in once in a while just a completely fake thing, a fake piece of information and  see if Scott can point it out?  I was going to say if you do those tally marks by the end of the episode, you'd look like  Batman's villain, Mr.
 Zazz.
  But that's another universe, you know.
  I'm going to guess that that one's not fake.
  It's not fake.
  That is not fake.
  That's a serial killer who puts a hash mark on his body every time he kills someone and  he's covered in hash marks.
  He's actually a very creepy character.
  I think he showed up on some of the shows.
  If you wrote out the word little, it would kind of end with an apostrophe.
  That was what I'll look like.
  Hash marks.
  That's true.
  That's a good point.
  Oh, that's true.
  Words you can make entirely using hash marks.
  Yeah.
  Fascinating info.
  So Avengers Camp.
  We're talking about Avengers Campus today and the new land and California Adventure.
  The parks are back open.
  It's all new place to go to.
  And Scott, you're going to be, of course, even more in the dark because you did not  you were not able to attend.
  Didn't go.
  So the intent was for, you know, we reserved it in advance and synced them up.
  And the intent was that this would be the first time all three of us were on Disney  property together and then a work thing came up and I could not do it.
  So it'll just be questions on my end.
  I will say this right away because listeners may have seen things that you tweeted and  I know that you you had pretty good luck, I feel like, with with with stuff.
  I mean, we'll get into it.
  Yeah.
  But I had a feeling unfamiliar to me in like a year and a half, which is the dreaded feeling  of FOMO.
  You were FOMOing.
  Absolutely.
  I had my friends are at Disneyland and I'm not and they're getting on all this stuff  and I got to go come on the podcast with my my head between my legs.
  Is that the phrase?  No, with tail between the legs.
  It's your tail.
 It's your tail, not head.
  That's like I'm trying to the knees if you're feeling dizzy.
  That's like that's like a Ventura or something when you're talking out of your butt.
  Sure.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Or if I'm trying to pleasure myself, it's between my legs.
  That's what I was sitting around trying to do instead of going to Avengers campus.
  So I will you will have to explain this to me like a four year old who's never been to  Avengers, which which we would also probably have to do if you had gone to Avengers.
  But you would have had a visual reference in your brain, a direct visual.
  I do have a visual reference because Jason was kind enough to bring a map that was very  thoughtful of you that it would be helpful to have.
  Did I just open the non-manual?  No, that's the official.
  So that's a full California adventure map.
  And then the other one is just details.
  I think that the other one is called Recruits Guide.
  And that is specifically what you can do in the land.
  But this is their current California adventure map.
  It's the souvenir kind of card stock map.
  I got one of these when we went to the opening day of the Galaxy's Edge 2.
  And it's it is very nice.
  It's a nice keepsake.
  Not the most practical map, but, you know, they're really pushing people to the app.
  For better or worse, they're pushing people to the app.
  Yeah, interesting, interesting.
  I'm very curious.
  We have not really this was pretty fresh.
  We're recording this just two days after you went and then we're putting it up  two days after that.
 So it's all it's all pretty quick.
  I don't really know how it went for you guys overall.
  Well, we say we say save it for the year and we saved it for the year.
  I guess let's do a little bit of just the day, how the day started,  because, yes, like Rise of the Resistance, you have to get a spot  in a virtual queue to even enter the land.
  Really, you can wait on standby, but it's much easier if you get a ride,  a reservation for the Spider-Man ride.
  And then you can go basically right into the land.
  Yeah.
 And then you can go in the land and you should probably stay  because you're probably not getting back in the land.
  For a little while, it seems like  it seems like parks will be increasing capacity pretty rapidly.
  There's a lot.
 Yeah, there's still a lot of covid protocols in place.
  There's still capacity issues.
 There's still I don't I  maybe I don't want to tip my I don't think there's going to be a crazy  rush on this land for a long time.
  I feel like in a month or two, you'll be able to comfortably walk in, at least  maybe not get on the ride necessarily right away.
  But I think I can't imagine it's going to be a queuing up situation  for this land.
 I think that's correct.
  We did take the risk as theme park journalists, like any  even during normal times, if you go the first week, even the first month  of a new land attraction, you are a live test.
  You are an active guinea pig.
  And even from opening day on the Friday opening day to we went on the Monday.
  So we went a few days later.
  They had already tweaked a few things.
 Right.
  So so basically what it was seven a.
m.
  is when you have to get your reservation.
  And this is pressure.
 This is what I live for.
  This is the this is the thing I love is checking is getting things  very fast.
  I mean, the odds are against you when like people are tweeting.
  I didn't get it.
 And they're mad.
 And you find a way.
  Yeah.
 And seconds go by like it's seconds.
  This stuff is done.
  And so you really have to keep refreshing at six fifty eight  and then click join at all the party.
  Now, the party was me, Jason, Lindsay, Zachary, you know, and his wife, Nicole.
  So we had five people there.
  And I kept giving I was giving everyone instructions because everybody has to do it.
  We all have to chip in because maybe I'm going to fail.
 You know?  Yeah.
 And I got to give a shout out to two people.
  One, Carly Weisel posted a while back an article by women.
  I believe it is Brooke McDonald.
  And it said here are the step by step instructions  that will make it pretty likely you'll get at the rise of the resistance  virtual queue spot.
  And it's identical.
  It's the same process for web slingers.
  It's just web slingers is the thing, the new thing of the moment.
  And it probably filled up even quicker.
  And there's less spots, I believe, on web.
  And there isn't rise of the web slingers.
  A Spider-Man adventure.
  That's the thank you for showing the proper respect.
  Web slingers, which is a fight for you for.
  Yeah.
 And I made a joke about this on Twitter.
  And you thought I was joking about having to wake up early.
  And yeah, it sucks to wake up early.
  But I was joking more about the fact that you have two one minute windows  in a day in a day of 24 hours that if at the moment,  if you're trying to get in this land, your best bet is is seven o'clock to seven  to one and 12 p.
m.
 to twelve.
  Oh, one.
 It's very harrowing.
  I had to do it for rise of the resistance when we returned a couple of weeks ago.
  And I missed the seven.
 I screwed up.
  I was not quick on the draw.
  It really is like an old west gun.
  Gunfight.
 I got the 12 and you're watching everyone around you.
  Like suddenly all the phones come out and like this is like all the  everyone around you becomes an enemy all of a sudden.
  Yeah, no.
 You're going to stop me.
  And and and I I have to say, I I did get a seven a.
m.
  rise a few weeks ago when I went back to Disneyland.
  And I think because I kept double checking what I was doing.
  And I had an extra pass in my thing or a legacy pass or whatever.
  And so I I think I got like group 28.
  And we had plenty of time to get down there and walk over and all.
  And so I took an extra minute to double check everything and still got a spot.
  This you don't I think by the grace of God.
  Well, Lindsey pulled it.
  Well, he just yes.
  So so I'm over in this green sheer.
  I'm like sitting on the ground in a stress position in six fifty nine.
  Lindsey's over here.
  And she and the chair that she I go through.
  I refresh it.
 I refresh it.
 I refresh.
 I'm going to do this.
  I remember the join button appears.
  A blue join button appears and I'm like, here we go.
  This is it.
 I I remember I hit the wrong part of the join button.
  It doesn't work.
 I had to hit it three times.
  And I was like, fuck, I'm fucked.
 We're fucked.
  And all of a sudden then I hit join and then there's an error,  which means somebody got it.
  Yeah, and I got that too.
  Yeah.
 So we're all on a text chain now because Zach and his wife are trying it.
  Jason is trying it.
 Lindsey Lindsey just goes, Oh, I think I got it.
  I go, are you sure? Are you sure you got it?  She's like, yeah, I think I got it.
 Yeah.
  It's 17.
 And to see it, you have to quit the app.
  Someone else got it.
  I found it by quitting the app and going back in.
  And then he told me this is very Lindsey, I feel like is like invested in all the stuff,  likes all the stuff, but way chiller about it than you than us than all everyone.
  Of course.
 Well, she and she and she I was so riled up.
  I was like not even believing.
  And she goes, look, I know you wanted to be the one to get it.
  And I'm sorry.
  But I got it.
 And I'm like, no, no.
  OK, thank you.
 Yeah, you did it.
  No, you did it.
 You did it.
 Yeah.
  I didn't do it.
 You did it.
  You deserve the credit.
  And so, yeah, so we're 17.
  So we're like, well, you got in the car because that's.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I threw Mike.
 I was sitting up in bed doing it.
  I threw my clothes on.
  Also, like, you know, hustled to the car.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Because this also now this dictates when you leave.
  Yeah.
 We got a later group.
  Yeah.
 Now, that's the other thing, too, because it said  estimated wait time, 182 minutes.
  It does not say whether that is from when you pulled it at 7 a.
m.
  or from when the park opens.
  It appears to be a rough estimate from when you pulled it,  because we got called at like nine, nine, nine o'clock.
  Yeah.
 And I was still in line for parking.
  Because I was in line for parking for 35 minutes.
  Oh, no.
 You talked a big game about getting there for breakfast.
  Then you were the last one of all of us.
  We were all in the same spot.
  We were all like one of us was like you were entering the tramway.
  Zach and Nicole had pulled into a parking spot.
  I was still in the.
 They were ahead of us.
  They arrived first and then we were waiting.
  And let's you had to like call me because I get so worked up  like getting into play because I'm worried like something's going to go wrong  or they're going to be like, I'm going to get arrested for something.
  I don't not arrested, but like I did something wrong.
  And then Lizzie, I'd be like, it's fine.
 It's fine.
  Like, what do you what's wrong?  I go, no, it's fine.
 I'm just waiting for Jason.
  She's like, it's fine.
  Because Zach and Nicole had already gone in and done the ride.
  So I just oh, you didn't all have to be together.
  No, we didn't.
 We didn't have to be together.
  Every every person has a individual QR code.
  Yeah.
 And they are scanning that they are checking and double.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  So Jason shows up.
  I take a little bit of a sigh.
  And then we head in the land.
  We see Zach and Nicole.
 They just went on.
  And then we get in line for web slingers.
  A Spider-Man adventure.
  And I to give, you know, Mike some solidarity.
  I was also very stressed because I didn't know.
  You know what to say.
  I didn't understand that.
  That was like, oh, I think they called us.
  I didn't see that for a few minutes.
  So I'm like hustling through security, hustling through the thing.
  And I got like it said, get here by nine thirty nine.
  So I think it was an even smaller window than when I did rise.
  So when I saw Mike and Lindsay, I felt like it was like five minutes left.
  I felt like Indiana Jones reaching back for his hat.
  Or like Jason Sheridan making it into  I make it in the way to get that sun to get that special Sunday.
  And then Mike goes like, I think they're doing like a 30 minute buffer.
  Like I've seen other people going like, yeah, they're not.
  I think if you're late, oh, the parking was bad.
  And I didn't I didn't I didn't I was like, like, I got to get over there  because I was also trying to be considerate that like Zach and Nicole,  you know, don't go is like it's like, oh, we have to make sure they have a nice day.
  Like they're not maybe acts like they don't go for war purposes.
  Yeah, go to battle.
  This wasn't a work day for them.
  This was a fun day.
 Yeah.
  So we went in there and we got right in the line for web slingers.
  And like we're going to talk.
  We have to talk a little bit about web slingers.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, no, no.
  I think anything's on the table.
  I'll get down and do it when things are a little less crazy.
  Our episode.
 Yeah.
  Crazy rumor.
  Maybe this is going to make me sound I saw crazy rumor  that maybe annual passes will be back soon.
 I don't know.
  Yeah, I forget who put you sent me this.
  Someone posted a clip of someone talking to like a cast member at the gate.
  And he's like, yeah, no.
  Oh, sorry.
 That's your scandal.
 Legacy Pass.
  Yeah, we don't have those right now.
  They'll be back in July.
  And when I I had a whole thing where I reactivated my leg,  my legs passed, it disappeared.
  And the woman told me at the ticket booth, she's like,  and that's good until the end of the month, till the end of June.
  And I was like, oh, that's weird that they're expiring so quickly.
 So.
  Oh, no, we might just be spreading rumors.
  We might be rumor rung.
  We should do more where we go up to just random employees  and shove a microphone in their face and see what things they heard.
  Because oftentimes it's just like second hand or like, hey, yeah,  I heard the guy say that I did overhear like some random employee stuff  where it's like, oh, that would have been helpful to know.
  Or like there was some weird.
  The cast members were doing great, by the way.
  They were real troopers because some of this stuff was kind of a shit show.
  I was a little exhausted by some of it.
  Can I say I know I know that we'll get to that.
  Can I say a real thing that happened?  A funny thing that happened later.
  I love when I overhear somebody saying something wrong.
  And I'm sure people listen to this podcast have it happen all the time.
  But I heard a guy talking to his family and explaining why Star  Tours wasn't in Galaxy's Edge.
  And he goes, yeah, Star Tours not in Galaxy's Edge,  as George Lucas said, he didn't want his ride anywhere near those new shitty ones.
  That's why Star Tours isn't in Galaxy's Edge.
  And he kept saying it like definitively.
  And I was like, just what?  True.
 What is it?  And then you to then like, who is that?  What? Mitch is back in town since when?  One of the wealthy as a family.
  They had a family over the quarantine.
  A quiet quarantine.
  One of the wealthiest men in the entertainment industry  and also a pretty reserved man, I feel like in the entertainment industry.
  George, George.
 Sure.
  But a long falsetto sentence.
  You really like it.
  Am I wrong?  Like I could be wrong, but like I feel like George Lucas  pretty restraint in his public conduct doesn't mean he  doesn't say like those motherfuckers ran Kylo.
  He's mad.
  He is mad about those movies.
  He was on Charlie Rose and he said that was the most like angry he's ever been.
  And he was talking about those with what Disney did to the Star Wars movies.
  He's like, well, they just want to make a movie about a spaceship and  movies were never really about spaceships.
  It was more like a family drama.
  And make art films.
  Yeah.
 Do we get to see him?  No, no, no.
  Well, I think he said you you might to Charlie.
  He said that I believe I hope not anymore.
  Oh, that's a first privilege.
  Charlie Rose lost.
 Yeah.
  He was going weekly to see the weekly new film The Dailies.
  Maybe it'll be like maybe there's a safe maybe when George passes.
  Like it's like there's a bunch of J.
D.
  Salinger books.
 Oh, you think that are in the same matter?  Like that might come out.
  Maybe, you know, it's possible.
  So all right, we're in the queue for for Web's Web Slayers.
  And Spider-Man, Spider-Man Adventure, Spider-Man Adventure.
  Got to say, pretty much walked on to this brand new track.
  Well, yeah, but that's also the virtual queue and the covid protocols.
  The less when we got out, the line actually had gotten much bigger.
  So it's the so if you don't know, the premise is like Tony Stark  has given a grant of some kind to give the like youth of the Marvel  universe, like the very smart youth of the Marvel universe.
  I don't know, experimental lab to do experiments.
  Yeah.
 And it's all Easter.
  There is loaded with Easter eggs.
  It's loaded with fun references, the alter egos of Marvel characters.
  Of course, in there, the character from Iron Man 3,  who is like crying at the funeral.
  And the little boy from Iron Man 3, Scott, is in this featured in this ride.
  Here comes the glaze over.
  It's starting.
 No.
  OK, I've seen like two or three of them.
  Which one? Yeah.
 Which ones have you seen?  So we know.
 But maybe it's not two or three.
  I'm I really I feel like I've said this before.
  I am not trying to be some cultural snob.
  I am not trying to be some cultural snob.
  I am not trying to be some cultural snob.
  I just don't connect to these movies.
  I just don't get it.
  I have no in on them.
  I don't feel invited in by them and I don't see them.
  I'd like to.
 It seems like everyone's having a lot of fun.
  Fun that I'm not having.
 That's fair.
  I think Iron Man 3 is the one Shane Black directed.
  And I think that one's pretty self contained.
  So I think you could watch that.
  But the whole thing is about his PTSD from the Avengers movie.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I have PTSD when you say Shane Black, because I was working in an office once  where it was a bunch of like young nerdy guys like myself.
  And except for one cool like I think he was like a made husband  who like was married to an executive and lived on a boat.
  And he's this like this like buff, you know, weird dude.
  And he just apropos of nothing on a Friday afternoon.
  It's silent.
 Everybody's working.
  He stands up and says, hey, is anybody else going to Shane Black's pool party tonight?  To utter silence.
  No one said anything.
  No one looked up because no, look at who you're with.
  No, we're not going to Shane Black's pool party.
  And that's the only association I have with that name.
  Look, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, the good guys, you know, the great times, you know,  you can do a lot.
 He's in Predator.
  Shane Black.
 Yeah.
 No, is he?  He directed.
 He's the predator.
 He's in the suit.
  No, he's not in the suit.
 He's one of the guys.
  One of the guys on the team.
  I think he was in the suit, too.
 He was not in the suit while he was there.
  He figured.
 Oh, the predator.
  OK, the what's interesting, the predator is in Avengers campus.
  He's stalking around.
 Oh, cool.
  Yeah.
 Now I remember hearing a cast member secretly record saying that.
  Yeah, cast members will not tell you what time the predator is at.
  Although the predator did serve Jason as French toast.
  He was behind the counter.
  That's true.
 Very overwhelmed.
  Very, very overwhelmed.
  Jason has the same sort of predator radar vision when it comes to food,  heating of the heating of food, to French, to bread pudding style.
  French toast.
 Absolutely.
  French toast is purple in his vision.
  And then if it's more of a sourdough, it's green.
  And then if it's wheat or rye, it's more yellow.
  Are you crazy? You got to make.
  Well, it's not my like, yeah, sourdough or brioche.
  Not my bread vision.
 You're the one who has the bread vision.
  Jason's by the bread bug.
  Anyway, very funny Easter eggs.
  Yes, there are a lot of web slayers.
  There's a bunch of peanut lockers that are like one looks like Venom.
  One looks like Spider Gwen, Ghost Spider.
  One looks like Miles Morales.
  And so the whole premise basically of the of this area of the land is that, OK,  Tony Stark's dad, Howard Stark, he's you know, he was around a lot.
  He likes Tony Slattery.
  John Slattery, John Slattery, Tony Slattery.
  Yes, that's a little I'm so out.
  It's like I know something finally.
  And I was wrong.
 Roger Sterling himself.
  Yes.
 Great.
  So the idea is like this used to be like a old Stark Motors building.
  And now they've sort of repurposed it to be this exploration campus area.
  Much like in Burbank, the old Lockheed Martin plant is now the Empire  Center shopping center with the target in the Walmart.
  It is not getting it.
  What a great what a great thing to reference in your theme park.
  Yes, very.
  Renovation of warehouse.
  You know, the Imagineers, they know the score.
  They know the score.
 They're going to the Empire Center Target.
  They're not going to that Clint weird Glendale two story target.
  That Glendale targets fun.
  I don't know.
 It's three stories as well.
  Oh, it is.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It's its own thing.
  I wanted to be ready for that escalator.
  The Shove and Gardeis.
  The Lock and Nada target today.
  And it was small, but it had everything.
  And I was very often do the small ones are good.
  Yeah, because I was worried they weren't going to have like a neck,  a collectible section, and they did have one.
 Wow.
  So really great.
  So so, yeah, so the aesthetic is like and I there's, you know,  I like stuff about Avengers campus.
  I there was other stuff I could nitpick and we'll get into all of it.
  But and this is a joke I saw other people make.
  It's not my own joke, but the front of it does look like an old circuit city.
  It's a big red like plug.
  Yeah, it looks like plugged in.
  And then it's sort of been it's like parts of the building are more like  of that aesthetic and the parts are more like, yeah, an old brick building  that's like Howard Stark or whatever.
  Like a Halloween adventure moves in to a circuit city.
  Yeah, right.
 Moved in.
  Well, it also like as you get a third of the way into the land,  like the old Stark facility starts to fade away.
  Like that story gets kind of abandoned kind of.
  Right.
 They don't do that with the whole thing.
  I mean, the first part part of it feels like Disney.
  Honestly, a lot of a lot of it feels like Disney Springs to me.
  I'll be honest.
  And like, yeah, pleasant buildings, some like and then obviously the Avengers  headquarters is a different type of building.
  But it feels very much like that aesthetic from Disney Springs,  where it's like brick and there's some like little touches and accoutrements.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Fake aging, old fonts.
  And in the pit, we took a picture of it.
  And there is another fun joke gag.
  Yeah.
 Is that on the side of the building,  there are two trees and regular size trees and then there's a giant tree in the middle.
  And if you look over on the bottom, there's a little gamma gamma runoff.
  Yeah.
 Basically like it's the whole tree has been hulky fire holes.
  Yeah.
 Basically.
 So yes, they they I mean, it's really bad for the environment to dump gamma rays  or gamma waste out of these holes into just the dirt.
  But that's what they did.
 And the tree is now giant.
  The tree has been poisoned, essentially.
  And it's like a whole tree.
 It's a whole tree, really.
  There's a fun.
 Oh, there's funny Easter egg, too.
  There's a bumper sticker on the one like sign for a pizza place with lucky on it, who is.
  Oh, yes.
 Pizza dog Hawkeyes dog from the  Hawkeye comic book run, which presumably in the TV shows soon, the coming TV show.
  This one's fake.
 No real pizza dog pizza dog with a hit award winning.
  I have a toy of pizza.
  Pizza dog, beloved character for the last decade.
  Yeah.
 So and he's not been feed yet.
 He's not been featured yet.
  Yeah.
 Some of this stuff is clearly like arrested development style flash forwards  where it's like this is a reference to a thing you haven't seen yet.
  I think there's a little nods to the Loki show, which just aired today.
  And I would say I like the Loki.
  The Loki show is a bunch of crazy comic book nonsense in it that I think is lacking,  is slowly coming into the Marvel cinematic universe.
  And but he is lacking in this land a little.
  Well, yes, that's yes, that would be the first thing I would say.
  I have not seen the Loki show yet.
 I'm going to watch it.
  I watch all of this stuff.
 Obviously, I'm a fan of it.
  I will say just off the top.
 OK, of course, my wheelhouse is the 90s comic books,  that aesthetic, you know, like Islands of Adventure.
  It's not quite fair to compare them.
  It's not completely fair to compare the two rides,  Universal, Orlando, Spider-Man and this one.
  But yes, my my preference for these characters and type of stories is colorful nonsense.
  It is Batman 66.
  The villain has a giant base that is based on whatever dumb gimmick he has.
  If it's Clock King, it's that he's tied Batman Robin to the hands of a clock  and his whole layer is this giant clock, like whatever.
  So, yes, the bigger the crazier nonsense, which is why I'm such a big fan of Guardians.
  It's a big gaudy, colorful villain's band.
  He looks silly.
 He looks very silly.
  Cosmo the dog is in there.
  Yeah, there's all those fun characters, fun characters inside the queue.
  References.
 But then like there's stuff like Howard Stark's, like,  you know, designs or ads for like the flying, like sleek, like Cadillac cars,  which is a nod to the old like 1960s Nick Fury Agent of Shield comics.
  And it's like, why isn't that in all of the movies?  Why isn't Shield flying around and flying cars?  Why is it like SWAT teams?  Why is it our boys in blue and camo?  The famous like the most famous Agents of Shield thing, Scott,  the comic book wise was made by a guy named Jim Steranko.
  And now he's a fucking lunatic.
  He's lost his out of his fucking mind.
  He's always been a lunatic, but he's really crazy.
  I paid him twenty dollars to get a head shot of him, like an old like  because he's a magician to an old like magic magician's head shot of him.
  And he really was confused why I wanted that one.
  But he also drew like promo art, like early concept art for Indiana Jones.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
  And his agent is his Nick Fury stuff is very cool and pop art and colorful and like psychedelic too,  where you could see how like, oh, this influenced like just a lot of popular culture of its time.
  And he didn't even make that many comics.
  That's the other right.
  But like, I don't know, some of the fun of Marvel Comics and the comics industry in general  is the insane like contradiction like Marvel.
  I think Perlmutter, the guy who owns Marvel, is a real life super villain.
  He's a fucking scumbag.
  He doesn't technically own it anymore, but he's still like kind of in charge,  even though he's kind of been like pushed to the side by.
  Thankfully, sidelined him a little.
  Yeah, we've talked a little bit about him before because he has some real  nasty, ugly stories that you can find online about him.
  Yeah.
  But we won't get into all of the toy biz restructuring of Marvel in the 90s.
  Like Scott wishes we were.
  Oh, man.
  Sorry, Scott.
  Good boy, there was the time.
  Nope, nope, not happening.
  We're not talking about the ride.
  So we are a little, yeah, because like Mike said, we were both 90s Marvel kids.
  I also very fond of the 2000s era like bankruptcy era Marvel,  where they were taking a lot of risks because like what's the harm this company could go under?  So it's like, yeah, give Grant Morrison the X-Men, give Kevin Smith Daredevil,  like all of these other voices kind of coming in and fiddling around with the character.
  That's alias came out in that time, which was made into a Netflix show.
  And yeah, and there's some stuff.
  Yeah, Jessica Jones.
  That's what it was.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  Yeah, they changed it because there was already a TV show called Aliens.
  And right now I like there's some current Marvel stuff I like, for example,  the X-Men live on a tropical island that is a mutant and they've declared a mutant state.
  The island itself is a guy that itself is alive.
  Oh, and in the month of June, they're having a big party and I am a gal of the Hellfire Gala.
  And I am very excited.
  There's so much great nonsense.
  And I will say also, I'm an X-Men guy and the X-Men haven't come into this MCU yet.
  There's a little X-Men representation of California Adventure right now.
  It almost feels like they got my letters and they're making fun of me.
  The X-Men, I don't want to be such as the X-Men are the coolest heroes.
  I'm sorry.
  In Marvel Universe, they are cool.
  I have to.
  They just happen to be cool.
  Make me not say it.
  They're still the coolest and it's like I always, and I've said this before on the show,  as a kid, I liked the Avengers, but the Avengers felt like these are mom and dad's heroes.
  These are mom and dad's heroes.
  Yeah.
  And I think of movies.
  I think the coolest is it's got to be into the Spider-verse.
  Oh, well, of recent times for sure.
  That feels like very vibrant and cool.
  And modern.
  Comic booky and risky.
  Yeah.
  It has its own voice.
  Again, I like all the Marvel movies, but there's a sameness to the voice of the movies sometimes.
  Some of them are a little bit different than the others, obviously, but there's a tone.
  There's a thing they like to do.
  They don't go crazy.
  But yeah, the Spider-verse is like, oh, this is his own thing.
  This is cool.
  Anyway, so yeah, the X-Men are not there yet, but yeah, there's some wild nonsense.
  And this is what we want more in the land.
  And so here, I'll say this before we even, I'm all over the place here.
  I think this thing, this Avengers campus and this ride, I think the idea for this  is this is just the little hub that's going to lead you to way more nonsense, I think.
  And it's hard to kind of weigh it and judge it because I know people are really hating on it.
  And they can't tell you exactly what's coming and what they have planned.
  But I feel like it's almost as if they opened up Main Street and the hub and a little ride  and we're like, here you go.
  And I get why people might go, well, wait a minute.
  It's not bad.
  I like this, but I'm here to see everything.
  You're leaving out big stuff that hopefully, fingers crossed, is still coming.
  The E-ticket, they're not even necessarily talking about a time frame still for when  that big Avengers ride is coming or even alluding to the fact that, which is what I think,  is that they'll probably go around and get rid of Monsters Inc and all that Hollywood stuff.
  I think what would make sense to me is start filling in a high rise skyline back there.
  Yeah, because the Marvel Universe, to me, if you say the Marvel Universe, it's New York City.
  It goes to space.
  The X-Men are outside in West Cheshire County and there's any number of international heroes.
  But Marvel, the creators, publishing was all in New York City.
  It was set in New York City.
  It's what set it apart from DC Comics, which is Metropolis, Gotham, fictional cities.
  New York City is a big part.
  It's almost a character in itself.
  But because it's in California Adventure, they're really trying hard.
  This is a California tech campus, Avengers campus.
  This campus thing also ties into the international thing because it's in Hong Kong and it's in Europe.
  They're all supposed to be a little different.
  It's not like Galaxy's Edge.
  It's all a bunch of outposts of this organization.
  Yes.
  So I think the idea would eventually be have more of this stuff around it.
  So I'm trying to give them some credit here because they were obviously given this tiny  piece of land and they needed to get stuff in here in a relatively fast time.
  And there was space limitations and I'm sure budget limitations on  Ride.
  But as Tony Baxter says about the opening of Tomorrowland in 98,  the audience doesn't necessarily know what your budget was.
  They don't care.
  And there is some other stuff that when I was in college, they called it bad production sense.
  Of like, well, that why can I not hear this person talking, but I can hear the music  and why is it the same three songs on a loop?  Well, that's yeah, we'll go back to the ride.
  So we'll go back to right now.
  You brought that up.
  They play the Avengers score, which I honestly have come to like a lot more  hearing it over and over again in the land.
  I think it's Alan Silvestri who did Back to the Future.
  He's done a lot of great things,  but it's a very specific tone.
  It's like very like, yeah, here we go.
  We're rising to the occasion.
  But like when you're sitting out at a beer garden drinking a beer float,  you don't necessarily need that tone for two hours straight.
  Yeah, it's like if you went to Galaxy's Edge and they played theme from Star Wars and then  Duel of the Fates and then theme from Star Wars and then Duel of the Fates.
  Lindsay and I both, I think, had the same reaction of like,  this music is stressing me out.
  This is like, this is like a Psy Ops where like they blast,  like someone has taken hostages and they're blasting music at them.
  Like there's enough like play like back in black by like,  because that's that they play that in Iron Man.
  Like, yeah, like I understand, like there's a lot of different like superhero.
  So many scores across all these.
  Yeah, like 35 movies.
  The Black Panther soundtrack has all these bangers by these huge artists that you could easily.
  It's supposed to be an open house.
  It's like a party almost.
  And Guardians does play like diegetic music that makes sense, you know,  spacey music and then the classic rock from the movies.
  The music in the queue.
  I never, I hadn't gotten like stuck in the queue.
  I've kind of always like maxed past it and I was out there the whole time.
  Dude, the COVID lines and cool music that that cues.
  The Guardians queue.
  Yeah, it's fantastic.
  There's a there's one line.
  I think I said this like when we first went maybe on the show,  like there's some Easter egg for some Disneyland stuff.
  Yeah, music that they've like, like turned up.
  I don't know, the base or trouble or turned off or something.
  And like he's like collecting because he collects, you know,  Tanelier Tavon, the collector collects.
  So he's like playing some like really like faded old Disneyland,  like loop music in the queue at a certain point.
  But that's all well done.
  There's so much stuff.
  And, you know, I also feel like I never get the same part of that queue loop.
  So I yeah, I'm assuming they'll eventually maybe give you some more variation in  Avengers campus as far as you're the tone.
  Sure.
  Like you're not always rising to the occasion.
  Sometimes you're just eating.
  Chilling out.
  Because then I will say this, I like it's going to be a nice little area to drink by the Pym  test kitchen, you know, at night or something like we got to order this thing.
  We've been stuck in the queue for I know we're back to this.
  So we'll finish it.
  We'll go back to spider web.
  Yeah.
  So the actual ride I think is fun.
  I had a good time.
  I think the yeah.
  So you so yeah, if you don't know.
  No, that wasn't definitive.
  Well, here's here's what I was thinking about it.
  OK, so you get in these like little cars and it's a 3D ride where you're shooting webs.
  Basically, spoiler alert, the actual Tom Holland, they got Tom Holland to do the pre  show, which is fun.
  Cherry himself.
  Cherry himself.
  Cherry is there.
  He announces himself as cherry cherry.
  And he's got there's a bunch of spider bots he's created and for some reason they self  replicate, which seems I don't know what that technology is, but they have technology that  robots can self replicate, which seems real dangerous.
  And it happens they get out of control and he basically said he doesn't want to look  like a fool in front of the Avengers.
  So he says we have to go help.
  So we get in these vehicles and put our 3D glasses on and then we have to basically shoot  webs at just an onslaught of of little spider bots.
  Onslaught of villain is not in the villain.
  The onslaught is what happens when Professor X tried to white Magneto's mind during the fatal  attraction storyline and they created this kind of monster, ethereal creature who eventually  Avengers sacrificed themselves and got sent to a pocket dimension to defeat.
  Yeah, heroes.
  It was called Heroes Reborn.
  Yes.
  Is that real or fake?  I think it's too specific to be fake.
  It's real.
  It was a way to get some of the founders of Image Comics to come back and do some  characters.
  Jim Lee, Rob Liefeld, of course.
  They didn't really all finish their books, but it only lasted a year.
  You both could have the no prep podcast.
  Just record a whole season of a Marvel podcast where you just start at 8 a.
m.
  and end at 10 p.
m.
 and then you just release that in two hour chunks.
  You wouldn't need a break.
  I would be able to speak that disgusted at some point, but I haven't quite found the angle.
  It's still possible.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So yeah.
  So basically it's like three major screens, really.
  It's like three or maybe four.
  I forget, actually.
  This is all now it's in the building where it's tough to be above.
  Yes.
  So that was a very small footprint for a ride.
  So they didn't even put up a new structure.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if they extended the building at all, but yeah, it's basically the same  structure from what I understand.
  And the idea is that now you sort of have spider powers and you're shooting webs at  little robots coming at you.
  Yeah.
  And I didn't realize this until later.
  They kind of don't.
  There's signs instructing you as you're walking up.
  But again, we were walking by everything kind of quick.
  The pre-show sets up the story pretty well, but the mechanics of the web slinging,  you can apparently sling and then pull levers or pull boxes.
  Okay.
  So this is what I was wondering, because the problem is I only went on this once.
  And I was just saying, man, it would be great if you, because basically all I thought  I was able to do was like shoot little bursts of webbing.
  And I'm like, yeah, Spider-Man does that.
  But what I want to do is pull, like shoot my web, pull an object and have it fly or whatever.
  Yeah.
  It is also kind of missing like web slinging to me always meant like flying through the city.
  This is the thing, because like they're very, very focused on you become the hero.
  You're here to learn.
  This is college and you're learning.
  And I think they're a little too focused on that.
  Unless you're truly like doing some sort of like definitive transformative experience,  which is what you're saying.
  Like the thing you always want to do with Spider-Man, I was never like, man,  I got to like shoot my webs like they're bullets.
  That was never what I wanted to do as a kid.
  I wanted to swing like that's the Spider-Man thing you want to do.
  You do get to do on the islands of adventure one.
  Which I do more of for sure.
  And in that leaked pat, not leaked, but that patent that Disney made of that probably  Spider-Man ride.
  You see it certainly seem like you get to do that.
  I'm sidetracking because there was that patent that came out a couple years ago  that made it seem like they were developing a ride that you would get in like a row of people  and swing from the ceiling in front of like practical building sets.
  Which sounds amazing.
  Way better.
  But obviously that's a budget and time thing or a budget time and space thing.
  So maybe this will do that.
  Something for the web slingers ride that we did, we both agreed we liked  is that in the ride you go through the other parts of Avengers camp.
  Yes.
  So one of the one of the level like levels in the ride was the collector's building.
  So all of a sudden you're inside the Guardians ride and you're shooting at the bugs,  which is really cool.
  And there's little like secrets or whatever.
  Oh, I like that.
  And then yeah, the last scene is you're on top of the Avengers headquarters.
  OK, which is that what like the other main structure that might lead into an attraction.
  Right.
  Possibly.
  So I liked all that stuff a lot.
  I guess I just really like when you compare it to something, another 3D ride like Toy Story,  I feel like you don't have like the time with it.
  Like there's a feeling of like chaos because truly it's just like robots coming at you and  you're shooting things so fast versus like Toy Story, even though like there's a quality,  like there's a crazy quality to it.
  For some reason, I can remember the levels of Toy Story and I feel like  I feel like there's not so much chaos.
  Maybe it's because I've done it a lot.
  Well, you stop your park and you while you do park in these two, you're parked basically.
  But the the like levels are like much more manic feeling to me.
  They're manic and I kind of like that.
  I wouldn't say the ride.
  It feels short.
  It feels like an appropriate length.
  Sure.
  But I know Toy Story does feel like twice as long, even if it's probably about the same length.
  Yeah.
  I think it might be longer, but yeah.
  So it's like you get a little more like I think there's just there's a lot of these,  you know, they want to be more interactive, but it's like and same with like Millennium Falcon,  but it's like I think we don't need too much of this.
  Like we just we want to sit and enjoy more than we need to be flailing our arms at an image.
  It just feels just my first time going on it.
  I was like a little overwhelmed as opposed to being like, wow, isn't this so cool?  Because there was elements that like I was intellectually saying, oh, that is very nice.
  But I wasn't like, oh, wow, I'm I'm doing it.
  I'm shooting my webs like bullets.
  Like that's just what I've always wanted to do.
  You get used to learning it and everything.
  And that's that's a little exhausting.
  So I'm sure by the time I do it a few more times, I'll at least I'm sure I'll have more  fun playing the game.
  But I definitely want to dedicate more time, write it a few more times and then do a full  episode about it because there's there is there was a lot of stuff I liked,  but it was yeah, it was so manic and we went through it once.
  And I'll admit, I tried to pull a noon reservation, too, because sometimes the app breaks and  lets you do stuff like that.
  Like later when I went to the legacy pass holder, Al Fresco tasting terrace,  Oh, man was behind a group where the lady said I made a reservation online and they said,  oh, are you a legacy pass holder?  And they went, no, but it let me make a reservation.
  They're like, oh, we got to look into this.
  And I think they were just like, yeah, there's not that many people up there.
  Yeah, let them up.
  So that's probably a better spirit.
  That place used to be for everyone.
  There were no rules.
  And then Jason went right to City Hall and complained.
  He said, that's for me.
  That place is for me, a legacy pass holder.
  But you know, like little little things like that slip through the cracks sometimes.
  So I sure.
  So you tried to slip.
  So I tried to do it because I only had a one day one park ticket and you were holding a  rise.
  So you were going to hop.
  So I was like, well, I'm going to stay here.
  And I stayed in the land the longest.
  Yes, you were you were staying.
  I was in the land for three hours.
  That may have been my error error because by the end I was like, I have to get away  from this music.
  I just would be too much.
  We would be in Disneyland.
  We would be like sitting out by the lake or the river or whatever.
  And we're like, I wonder what Jason's doing now.
  Oh, I'll tell you about it when we wrap it up.
  I'll walk you through what I did.
  So so, yeah, so Spider-Man, it was like it was over before I knew it.
  And I also think the script was like too tall for the computer to read me.
  I feel like the computer was not quite noticing, like where my arms were.
  So we got done with it and it was like, OK, yeah, sure, sure.
  And I know people are like, I've seen the discourse of like, why would Disney open  a ride that's so similar to the other the Orlando ride, like a 3D ride with Spider-Man  with no villains?  Yeah, that was a big criticism I saw that I did have to agree with where Spider-Man  has this like Batman, both have these great rogues gallery galleries and you didn't  have anyone you didn't have like, you know, Vulture or Doc Ock or, you know, even yeah,  Vulture was in the first Tom Holland one.
  Dr.
 Frameworth.
  Yeah.
  Spider-Man villain.
  Fake, fake, got it.
  That was the add to tell.
  I also was just looking around the room.
  Looking around the room.
  Frames.
  Damn it.
  And it requires worth to have frames.
  So you can mine those words.
  This, the Smuggler's Run does not have villains.
  Also, it's about crates and elements.
  And this doesn't, it's about learning and training in a facility.
  Maybe this is a whole thing.
  There's, I guess there's no, you know, Star Tours has a lot of villains.
  It didn't really the first time, but there is the Death Star.
  There's the feeling of, I think maybe this is a thing they keep going wrong with.
  There's a new, there's a newer, I don't know what it is.
  I wonder if I, I'm sure if, you know, we had like a real inside, like a imagineering source,  they could tell us maybe if there's some sort of edict or something.
  Cause I do feel similar things to this and Galaxy's Edge where I go, I don't know.
  It feels like sometimes there's an overthink maybe.
  Like, yeah, I don't know why there's not just one bad guy that broke in and made  the spider bots crazy, like made them wild.
  And then I don't know if it's like, cause well, this could be like, well, Sony technically has  the rights to Spider-Man and they won't let us, we don't want to use Michael Keaton in this ride  cause he's the vulture in the first Spider-Man.
  And we don't want to use Jake Gyllenhaal because he's like, I don't know what like hoops they feel  like they have to jump through.
  Just put a, or use a new like, or use a, like a villain that they're never going to use  in one of these movies or what like.
  Yeah.
 I mean, that could be it.
 And not a lot of the actors otherwise,  besides Tom Holland represented some dialogue.
  Yeah.
 Like a lot of voices.
  Some we were like, is this an impersonator?  Well, a couple of them came to the opening ceremony.
  Well, of course.
  Rudd, Paul Rudd, Anthony Mackie.
  Yes, indeed.
 What I was wondering is,  is Paul Rudd probably not used to being not the most handsome man on a stage,  but when he's up there with Josh Demaro, president of parks in general, right?  Do I have this right? Finally.
  Not Disneyland.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Overall, probably intended.
 I bet he was back there like,  I can't go out there.
 I can't go out there.
 I'm Paul Rudd.
 I gotta be number one.
  Sure.
 Anthony Mackie.
 Anthony Mackie.
 Great.
 Good looking guy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But both of them put to shame.
  By Josh Day.
  Yeah.
 I mean, every Hollywood casting director probably looked at that stage and said,  what are we doing here?  And putting the wrong people in things.
  We let this guy get through the slips of the cracks and he's an executive.
  He's not in front of the camera.
  Kevin Feige was there too.
 And I think Feige probably also had the thought of,  let's make him like, let's make him Dr.
 Frameworth in the Spider-Man movie.
  Let's do something with him.
 Fake.
 Yes.
 Still fake.
  Still fake.
 True or false?  Kevin Feige shows up in the new issue of X-Men.
  Just him in it? I don't know.
 That sounds awful enough that yes.
  That is a true thing.
  Wow.
 I don't look, it seems like he's doing a good job, but there's nothing interesting about him.
  When he talks somewhere like at the ceremony, that is not interesting.
  This ceremony was very boring to me.
  He's not there.
 And I think it's a gag because it's like, oh, everyone's here.
  Dignitaries and the Fantastic Four and the Avenger, everyone's here.
  But it's got a soon on with the baseball cap.
 It's him.
  I want Kevin.
 He needs to do the show.
 I know he's a big theme park guy.
  So let's bring him on.
 Okay.
  I'm sure he can't do it.
 I'll take it back.
  Yeah.
 Take it back.
 John Favreau, Happy Hogan.
  His character's name is Happy Hogan in the movies.
  Not a lot of Happy Hogan.
  Happy Hogan featured very heavily in the new Spider-Man movies.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I always liked Happy Hogan.
  Interesting Punisher representation in the land, by which I mean I saw a guy with a Punisher  tattoo on his leg and I made sure not to tread on him, which is what his other tattoo said.
  And yeah, his mask was below his nose for sure.
  That's right.
 It's how patriots wear them.
  Yeah.
 Stupidly.
  The Punisher is a character.
  Yeah.
 That's for sure.
  That was a joke.
 Yeah.
 There's no other Punisher.
 It was just a guy.
  My thing with this ceremony maybe ties into some of what you didn't like about the attraction.
  What's making me nervous and not going to like this place more is that there is just a lot of  we wanted to create a place where you could unlock the hero within.
  Tap into your own hero potential and unlock.
 And I'm like, this is all word soup, nothing.
  This is like these are words designed to be translated into 100 languages and still not  really mean anything.
 Like how can it have almost no meaning to where does the non thought can just  shift to do as many places as it can? I think that I think they got that with the actual  walk around characters.
 I saw kids excited to see like Captain Marvel and Black Panther and Iron  Man and the door and Milaje.
 People were excited to see that people checked out to  in like Marvel clothes, like t-shirts and jackets and stuff.
  Yeah.
 But I mean, I think we've talked about this before the over like kind of like  relying on you're the hero you're becoming.
 And it's like that's always been part of the theme park  experience is like you're along for the adventure.
 You're going to help.
  Like the original Spider-Man at Universal was like, you're now on the adventure and you help  and transformers even more so you're in evac and now evac and this car full of humans,  they rise up and they take out the, they take out Megatron or whatever.
  We're proud of you.
 You did it.
 You Michael, you, I love you.
 I'm Optimus Prime.
  Big deep breath.
 Your bravery, your bravery earned you this kiss.
  Michael.
 Another thing.
  Somebody give me a Peter Cullen cameo where he says that to me.
 Does he do that? He's got to do that.
  Another thing that is in both the islands of an adventure Marvel and the California Adventure  Marvel is the presence of superheroes on like extreme vehicle on like trucks and sports  utility vehicles.
 Cause that, that weird like truck, like characters are standing on that  truck that they had driving around like California Adventure for the summer of heroes  a promotion.
 And that trucks just parked there.
 That's where I got the picture of like,  look, it's Loki on his famous car.
 And it's just like, why is the God of Mischief standing  in the bed of a truck? It's like a really low budget per, this is a local parade.
 It was like  a Chatsworth parade.
 I marched in as a boy scout.
 It's not as it's, it's still not as funny as like  the X-Men showing up on ATVs and islands of adventure.
 Well, that's what I'm referring.
  I know their vehicle.
 I'm saying it's just not as funny.
 It's not as funny, but it's not as funny  as all of a sudden you're like, why is Cyclops on like a vehicle? You would see like people in Tampa  driving on the beach.
 Like, well, I mean, I guess we're not asking for the locals.
 That's to relate  to the locals.
 Cause I know the X-Men have a cool vehicle.
 There's a black, the black bird is their  jet.
 And that's true.
 They decided to come here.
 And, and in the, in the 70 in the Phoenix saga or  the dark Phoenix saga, Cyclops is driving a very big car, like a Rolls Royce or a Maybach.
 And it's  like, we have to drive into the city and they're driving this insane chauffeur car.
 In the first,  is the first X-Men movie, Wolverine borrows his bike, his motorcycle.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 So that  the Fox, of course the Fox produced X-Men movies.
 So there's a lot of, you have funny vehicles.
  And did we get, oh yeah.
 Real quick with web web slingers, the Spiderman adventure.
  There was a lot of discourse around the additional items you could buy to upgrade your experience on  the ride.
 I saw people had them.
 I did not see anyone in line with them.
 Yeah.
 And I, we didn't  buy them.
 I'm tempted to do it because I, people, it's funny cause online people are like, oh,  Disney and their commercialism.
 And you're like, yeah, yeah.
 Yes.
 Have you, have you been not  paying attention for a century? It's like, well, pain DLS, like real, like a live, live DLC,  essentially.
 And you're like, yeah, but I don't know.
 This is the one of the least egregious  things to me that Disney like jacking the price up crazy over a decade and like icing out like,  you know, people like, uh, middle-class families.
 Like that's worse than like paying $30 to get  like Iron Man's gauntlet.
 I don't know.
 That's cool to me.
 Or, uh, and I said this to Jason,  I was like, if they sold like Cyclops's visor, we'd be climbing over each other wearing the  visor right now to like, we would be doing old podcasts, wearing this visor, his famous, uh,  visor to keep his optic blasts from destroying everything around him.
 Well, I like visors,  so I'd probably do it too.
 Sure.
 Um, so I don't know.
 I kind of think that's cool, honestly.
  Um, cause if I was a kid, I would be like, oh, I can buy the thing that my hero has and I can take  it home and then I can bring it back to the park.
 And like, that gives me a special power.
 That  actually is a cool idea to me.
 It's like Harry Potter and the Wands and sure.
  These things happen over and over again.
 That's, this is a, like agree or disagree with, uh,  theme park, Twitter discourse.
 It is full of, do you not remember that this happened? Yeah.
  Six months ago, whatever.
 Two years ago, whatever.
 10 years ago, whatever.
 50 years ago.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But I'm mad now.
 I need a post now.
 I'm going to, I'm going to roll this into a discussion  about the merchandise in the land.
 Okay.
 There's only two outlets in the land and they're pretty  small.
 It's web suppliers, which is across from web slingers, the spider man adventure, and then,  um, Avenger, uh, campus supply pod.
 But Scott, if you look at that recruits guide that I handed you,  you'll notice that it says outside the land, uh, backlot shop stage 17.
 This is a massive big box  store size Marvel clearing house.
 And I walked by a cast.
 It's a Costco.
 You need a membership.
  It's a Costco base.
 Wait, this is the thing.
 This is the thing that the place that depressed me  during their holiday.
 Yeah.
 It's, it's, I, I think it's, it's awesome.
 Cause it's got, uh, uh,  movie Marvel stuff.
 It's got theme park, Marvel stuff, and it's got comic book Marvel stuff.
  And I walked by a cast member going like, yeah, anything that's for sale in the land is for sale  in here.
 And I don't know why they're not telling people that enough because it's huge.
 And there's  so much stuff.
 And this is where I saw the X-Men represented in the form of $600 statues of gambit,  Colossus and Cyclops.
 And even though, even though I had my fixed legacy pass holder discount, I was  like, if I buy a, a $600 statue of Cyclops, I, I, there's no coming back from that.
 Like first off,  either there's either no coming back from that.
 Um, my girlfriend would probably throw it at me  like, what are you doing? And also I know as a regular comic book store patron, there's plenty  good, like $50 Cyclops statues I could get, but I was like, Oh man, that does look cool, but I just  cannot do this.
 Well, we'll talk after I, well, we'll talk after.
 Oh, okay.
 No, that sounds like  I'm going to steal it.
 I'm not going to steal it.
 Just saying this.
 You're like the collector.
  I'm, I am.
 I relate to Tanelier.
 He's the, you don't, he's not a villain to you.
 No, Tanelier and I  are the same.
 Yeah.
 Tanelier and I were the same.
 Uh, so I did not make it in this big warehouse.
  I didn't actually even realize it was there.
 I just went in the tiny version and there's not a  ton in there.
 There's some like cool little chemistry set kind of thing that I probably  would have liked as a kid.
 And they're selling a lot of these spider bots.
 And I will say  the premise of the ride that the spider bots are out of control, there are spider bots all over the  land, which is fun.
 There's like, you know, they're caught in a web and they're like buzzing over the  bathrooms.
 Um, and there's like, you know, they're, they're keeping that fun narrative going.
 And  what's the, uh, the goo there's, uh, before all this open, when I went on guardians is goo on the  ground.
 Oh, what's with the goo? Oh, the goo.
 I got it.
 Yeah.
 Let's talk about the goo.
 I saw people  online referring to it as Kirby crackle, which is a comic book term that refers to Jack Kirby.
  When he would draw like something pulsing with energy, it was like a colored energy surrounded  by black dots to denote like it's powerful and it's very pop party.
 It's a big part of like  sixties Marvel.
 This did not look like Kirby crackle to me.
 It just looked kind of like generic  space goo or geodes and it is colorful and I do like it, but I'm like, that's not Kirby crackle.
  It's not authentic Kirby crackle.
 If it was the building, it would be like scattered about the  building or the building would be pulsing with it, which I think they should do with projection  effects.
 But what are they, they can't be Kirby crackle in the world of the, of the attraction  of the land.
 What is it like meant to be? Well, oh, from a narrative standpoint, I believe Joe  roadie mentioned this before he left, uh, well it was before he left for space where he actually  went to space.
 Uh, it was the idea, the narrative reason that that guardians like spaceship building  museum, whatever like combination of it is the idea is that it's just now all of a sudden come  out and appeared on the plate.
 Like all of a sudden it came and like planted itself.
  And I think that's like the energy signature or like it's, it's left like some, you know,  transport goo or whatever.
 Was it always there? I thought it was new or no, it is new.
 It is new.
  It used to be that big Avengers like a lock kind of vault thing.
 And now it's open.
 They open it up,  you know? Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So the goo is new.
 The goo is new.
 It was loose.
  What was that episode? Why are we talking about goop punch? I think, was that a Patreon maybe?  That was Nickelodeon.
 We were talking about the first one.
 We talked to my brother and me, which  we had those in fake doc browns.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And then then the Patreon, we, we watched the famous  episode about where goo fantasizes about having his own punch, his own brand of punch on my brother  and me.
 That made me laugh so much.
 It's so good.
 If you haven't seen it, just Google goo punch.
  And go to the Patreon obviously to hear our thoughts about goo punch.
 Yes, that too.
 Yes, that too.
  Did you get to try any goo punch at the Fimtesk Kitchen? Oh yeah.
 Let's talk food.
 Is goo part of  the? That's fake.
 Goo, the character from my brother and me is not in the Marvel universe.
  Goo is not in, but goop.
 Goom? Goop.
 Goop is.
 And yeah.
 No, doop.
 Doop.
  Goom I think is one of Jack Kirby's old monster.
 Yes.
 Or a, a Dicko monster.
 I don't know.
 I  forget.
 There's references in the web slingers.
 We'll save more web slinger stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's fine.
 We'll do it.
 We'll come back around once we can ride it a few times, but it's fun.
  Check it out.
 So food.
 Okay.
 We got breakfast.
 This was at Fimtesk Kitchen.
 And this is a lot,  you know, COVID protocols.
 It's all mobile order basically.
 But there are standby lines.
 Yeah.
  There are standby lines for the Pym test testing lab.
 Okay.
 The Pym testing lab is the bar.
 The  test kitchen is the restaurant.
 Oh God.
 There's one of these.
 There's two testing labs.
 Yeah.
  They're connected.
 They're connected.
 Okay.
 Separate app.
 It's separate app ordering.
 And I  asked someone who was there opening day, like, can you just walk up and pay it or register? And  they went, it was unclear.
 And I was like, Oh, you never want to hear that.
 That's never the  answer you want.
 But we could tell at least the day we were there, one line was mobile or pick up.
  One line was, you know, stand, just walk up and order food.
 So that was pretty clear.
 Yes.
 So,  but we, we, we weren't sure we were, we walked on guardians.
 That was nice.
 Yeah, it was great.
 And  of course rocket is not so Zach and Nicole, um, they have not been on guardians before, but rocket,  of course, is not work.
 Like they're not right.
 So we had to do the whole show for him.
 Oh, well,  that's, there's a QR code.
 You can scan in there and scan.
 My hands don't scan the code.
  Oh, you're about my hand scans, scan the QR code.
 That's going to launch the Disneyland app.
 And  then it's like, you're doing a messaging DMS back and forth with rocket.
 And he explains about the  gantry lift in your hand scanning.
 It was actually a pretty cute little,  Hey, if you wanted to play Disney app, you can play as well as enjoy.
 There's two different apps.
  Okay.
 There's two different apps.
 Play Disney and then mobile order at Pym test kitchen, not the  testing labs.
 That's two different paradise gardens.
 Park is different than Pixar pier,  which is different than paradise pier hotel gantry lift.
  Um, it, it, yeah.
 So it, oh, and also if you click on the mobile order, if you click on it on the map  in the app, it does have two arrows pointing at the, the test kitchen and the testing lab.
  It's, it's a little, it's yeah, it is a little crazy, but we were like, we gotta try and find  slots.
 We are at opening day slots ran out in the morning for the whole day.
 And we're like,  well, we want to eat something like we were all pretty hungry.
 And then in the line for guardians,  we just refresh, refresh and slots started appearing.
 Yeah.
 So I checked, I was checking  in line.
 I just started ordering things.
 Yeah.
 We just got one of a few things and then I was  checking and I was like, guys, I got a slot for drinks.
 Everyone put your drink quarter in.
  It's 11, it's 11 a.
m.
 Oh yeah.
 That's so, hey, Monday morning, 11 a.
m.
 Let's drink.
 Love it.
  Galaxy's edge drinking that blue wine at 8 50 a.
m.
 The earliest I have ever drank.
 And hopefully  that stat continues.
 Hopefully I do not upslide to first thing when I wake up.
 We'll see.
 Cause  in our experience, Pym particles are sugar contents with what we ended up eating.
 Oh,  yeah.
 Good way to start the day.
 Get that energy.
 Wait, okay.
 So whatever, what would you get to  have a Pym test kitchen featuring impossible or Pym testing labs? Well, we'll get to the  impossibles.
 Well, so I had the ever expanding Cine Pym toast, which is a long like cartoony  strip of like a kind of French toast, kind of bread pudding with two or three strips of bacon,  a side of maple syrup.
 I did not get the little test tube shot glass of maple syrup.
 I just was  handed a regular thing of maple syrup and it was pretty good.
 Like I liked it a lot.
 So I would  recommend that.
 Mike, you and Lindsay had some of the egg dishes.
 Yes.
 And I'm trying to find my  order of one of which is plant based egg.
 A lot of plant based stuff.
 Yes.
 They have a lot.
 And  impossible is sponsoring the impossible meat.
 Yeah.
 So prominent time in the park maybe or the  first prominent, really prominent time in the park.
 Wait, wait, we got to remind people.
 I mean,  I'm sure we've said it, but the whole, the premise of Pym test, right? So Hank Pym is Michael Douglas  character from Ant Man.
 He's the original Ant Man.
 And yeah, Scott Lang is Paul Rudd.
 Of course, Scott  is original.
 Oh, he says Scott in this.
 Great.
 And I, one of my favorite things about, yeah.
  And the first two Ant Man is that Michael Douglas says Scott over and over again, like behind the  cantaloupe.
 So maybe those would be your two favorite movies just for that reason.
 I like that.
  I like that personal touch like with Optimus Prime.
 Yeah.
 I like hearing Michael Douglas say my name.
  Exactly.
 So yeah, I got the impotent.
 Do you have the names of all of it in front of you or no?  Um, uh, no, but Scott does.
 Oh, I do.
 Scott does in the Recurrence Guide.
 So it's like,  it's experiments.
 So everything is sized bizarrely.
 Yeah.
 Stuff is either really like there's a really,  there's a pasta dish that comes with one really big meatball and one small meatball in a tiny  little fork for a place that's stressing the environmental message.
 Cause I'll get to,  I'll get to the environmental stuff.
 Another part of the land describes the environmental stuff.
  They sure do give you a lot of little plastic things to throw out that you might not even  use when you eat.
 But they have paper straws.
 Uh, Lindsay had the calculated breakfast equals  E times two plus B plus P, uh, slat, uh, divided by T, which is, you know, uh, eggs and potato bites  and toast.
 Uh, and that sounds like it's not even the size.
 It's just a weird name.
 Yeah.
 And I had  basically the same thing, the impossible quantum garden breakfast, um, but it was all plant based.
  And I will say Lindsay's was, uh, better than mine.
 Uh, I like impossible meat, the impossible  impossible eggs was like kind of eating, uh, like a, a washcloth that had been flavored.
  I don't even, that sounds too harsh.
 Uh, it was just, it wasn't my favorite.
 Uh, the,  the impossible sausage was better.
 And again, I like impossible meat in general.
 I think that,  that it was just not maybe the warmest, uh, it could have been.
 Um, but I had some of Lindsay's,  it was good.
 Look, this is all fine.
 This is all fast service theme park stuff.
 It dressed up, uh,  in a fun way.
 Yeah.
 And so there's, so they, okay, this is the whole thing, but, um,  there's very little seating at both Pym establishments.
 And after everyone left,  I learned that there is tons of seating in what was the queue lines for the Hyperion theater.
  There's tons and stuff.
 If you walk over there.
 Yeah.
 And, but no one as like Mike was waiting  for the last thing and Lindsay and I are like awkwardly holding things of trays.
 No one is  telling us, Hey, there's a million seats just down the street.
 We're like looking for tables.
  And I got to say there was plenty of cast members clearing tables.
 But one thing that I was really  hoping for was a recent theme park, uh, innovation that I think universal had first was like, okay,  team members sees you, you've ordered your food or you have your food.
 How many I'll take you to a  table.
 They were not doing that.
 There was a lot of cast members just standing around and like,  it's, it was a little the wild west.
 It was a little like, can someone tell me what to do?  Yeah.
 There was a late, yeah.
 That's look, that's the work that out.
 I think, um, yeah, they,  they could have tables like kind of by the like fast pass for guard.
 There, there, there's spots  that you could fit more.
 Yes.
 Um, inside, I'll say this inside the Pym test kitchen, there's from  some fun little gags.
 There's like big ketchup and mustard bottles.
 Yes.
 What are bountiful valley  farm branded the land that was there before.
 That's right.
 California.
 That's right.
 Very  boring.
 How far we've come from like several tractors in a, like a broken hose to like the  most popular IP on the planet.
 Yeah, boy really worked out for DCA.
 Yeah.
 Um, and then there's  like, you know, they show there's a big pretzel, which I did not get to eat, but there's a famously  big pretzel and there's like an enter and there's a, yeah, there's a, but where they grow, yeah,  make the pretzels big.
 Cause yeah, cause Pym Pym, uh, Hank Pym is, you know, he has shrinking  technology.
 He has growing technology.
 Uh, and he is now using it to make quick service meals.
  Okay.
 Or theme park patrons.
 I'm sorry.
 I gotta stop.
 The official names are Pym test kitchen  and Pym tasting lab, but tasting lab only has one snack, one or two snacks.
 It's mostly drinks.
  So you're thinking of it as tasting, I guess it's a tasting menu.
 I guess it's still  a mistake, but it's, it's, it's a little, it's a little taste of beer.
 All right.
 Put your arms in  the air and you know, scan, you know, if there was like a performer playing Hank Pym, you know,  and be like, do you want to taste Scott? Do you want to taste like then now we're talking,  I think, but like it's just, they're full, they're full portions.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I guess  that'd be a little creeped out, but do you want to taste Scott? Do you want to taste Scott? Scott,  do you want to taste? Scott.
 Um, so let me, I'll say this.
 I ordered also for breakfast,  the Choco smash.
 Oh boy.
 Which is, uh, it's fun.
 It's got a, uh, like a wrapper outside that says  it's like one ounce, but of course it's a giant candy bar and there's a big, there's a big Choco  smash, like, uh, a big one over by that seating area.
 And it says fun sized, even though it's like  eight feet.
 This is bite size.
 Yeah.
 And it's got caramel nougat, peanuts, brownie, dark chocolate,  and Lindsay and I loved it.
 Oh boy.
 It was fantastic.
 And there's all, there's like layers  to it and we were chopping.
 It's a little hard.
 It was like the, uh, with caramel probably,  or the nougat was hard to chop them.
 Jason, I will say having a hell of a time cutting through it.
  And he was not pleased.
 I got to say, no, the nougat was the nougat and peanut butter were great.
  Very soft.
 The brownie, not very flavorful.
 The caramel was like pulling my teeth.
 You were upset.
  I was upset.
 Like we were eating this and going, this is delicious dessert.
 And Jason was like,  really mad.
 I was mad because like, I had also just like loaded up on, uh, uh, sh I loaded up on  sugar on French toast.
 I love my sweets.
 And I was like, Oh my God, I'm going to eat this candy bar  and then I'm going to get a sugar beer cocktail.
 I'm going to feel like shit in a little while.
 I  know I'm going to feel like shit, but I want to taste this stuff.
 Were you worried it was going  to pull a tooth out of your head? I did bite.
 I did like a tooth, like a bit down on something there.
  And I was like, I don't know if the candy bar or something else or it was like a burnt piece  of bacon or something, but I was, I was like, Oh no, cause you did see what happens when you said,  I was like, I don't know.
 It's true.
 I was like, chewy, but I don't know.
 It was just so soft.
  Like most of it was so soft.
 And then this caramel was like, so, so the caramel like slapped you in  the face is I guess what you were surprised of.
 You've never been surprised by caramel before.
  I've been surprised by caramel plenty.
 I feel like Twix caramel has really fallen off in recent  years.
 Don't get me started, but yeah, no, I think it's, you gotta have a few people for this.
  This is overwhelming.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is not a, this is not a single side, like four people,  probably.
 We split of course, three between three people.
 Cause Zach and Nicole ran away from us.
  Cause I think they were, they were like, we got to do that.
 I wanted to have fun.
 Yeah.
  And I kept saying, this is important.
 We have to do this.
 Eat this impossible to eat nougat.
  Eat the hard nougat.
 Eat the hard nougat and tell us what you think.
 So yeah, I would recommend four.
  I mean, five, five people, a family could easily split this and feel very satisfied having a little  like a nice little dessert.
 It also felt like it was interesting because it was, I'm sure it was  made by like in-house, like they make their treats, like you see in the window on main street and the  confectionary.
 But they had put it in this like fun, like candy wrapper.
 Cause I honestly didn't  even know.
 I was like, Oh, I wonder if they got like Milky wait a minute.
 I'm like, Oh no,  this is probably made in the bake, like made in the bakery.
 And yeah.
 Anyway, so I, I, I,  I was a big fan of that.
 I didn't have the opportunity to get the giant sandwich.
 This,  this recently Jason was upset when I even, there's a hundred dollar sandwich.
 And even when I  suggested it, Jason was upset.
 Okay.
 I'm upset at the idea of it.
 Again, I feel like if you listen  to the second gate, you know, I very revealed, I felt so self-conscious.
 I was like, Oh, I am  revealing.
 I have very particular food tastes and this sandwich.
 I saw a review saying like  this sandwich is not worth it.
 I think I saw a couple of views, people saying like this  sandwich is not good.
 Jason searched a hundred dollar sandwich, not worth it to find this  need back up.
 I was just reading the $15 one like review, but I was also flashing back to  this is the thing that was very common at theme park, like a cafeteria style restaurants in the  nineties, like a pizza sandwich.
 And it was always disappointing, like pepperoni and salami.
  And she, I was like, Oh, there, this is just come back around.
 They're just trying to do pizza  sandwich.
 I'm like, the only thing that's ever satisfying is the Subaru inside out pizza.
 That  is delicious.
 And that's, that's a full day's worth of calories.
 Oh, it's awesome.
 What is that?  Oh, it's, it's where like there's crust on like all the sides and inside it's like sausage,  pepperoni cheese.
 So was it like a pezone? No, but it's triangle shit.
 They break it in the  pizza shape and slice it into slices.
 I can't even picture that.
 That concept is confusing to me.
  So yeah, I twice tried to soft tell you, maybe we should get the a hundred dollar sandwich and  split it.
 And both times you shut me down.
 The second time I'm not, I've not fallen for pizza  sandwich again.
 I really wanted the big chicken sandwich and the mobile ordering situation was  just not on our side.
 Sure, sure.
 But yeah, the night before I was like, no, that big sandwich.
  And that's when you hit me with like, I read reviews, I checked the touring plans posts and  they said, do not get this sandwich.
 And I called Len up and Len said the sandwich was bad.
 He has  three different touring plans, employees, a good joke about like, why did they make all the bread  like, and I kind of was wondering the same thing, but it was fun.
 You know, I didn't see the joke.
  What's the joke? Just pointing out like, oh yeah, that blue bread looks great.
 Like it's,  it does kind of like, if you think about blue bread, you're like, oh, that bread has gone bad.
  But in the story it's like, oh, they're doing science and you know, science is blue.
 I don't,  I'm withholding my judgment on this.
 I was watching the video before the opening ceremony  and Aaron, my wife was like, this place is infuriating.
 I do not like one bit of Pim says  size nonsense.
 No, she was each one made her angrier and angrier, a big meatball and a little  meatball.
 I, what's the other crazy, I mean the chicken thing.
 I do want that sandwich.
 It looks  good.
 And I love stuff covered in sauce.
 It's got a lot of sauce.
 If you haven't seen it, there's a  very little bun on a giant piece of chicken.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's just old, good old fashioned fun.
 I  think that's what I'm so excited to go back and have the chicken sandwich.
 How are these cocktails?  Oh, is that going to get me in? I had a great, I really liked it.
 We have, we got to keep the  little plastic.
 They come in like beakers and say Pim on it.
 So you get a little souvenir plastic  glass, which is fun.
 Yeah.
 Mine was like a mango cart, golden roads, famous mango cart beer,  and then tequila and then a Boba Boba bubble popping bubbles.
 The only thing was  a lot of ice in it.
 And so I got to wait for the ice to melt for the Boba popping bubbles.
  If only I had my official annual pass holder bamboo straw, I was given at the tasting terrace.
  I could have gotten to the popping bubbles much easier.
 You get a straw for being a legacy.
  These are the perks.
 We'll go through this pile of freebies.
 I got it.
 The  Alfresco tasting terrace at the end of the episode.
 I'm a little upset that I didn't get that.
  That also, look, these, ooh, liquor concoctions.
 And we do, we did his Pim dare to weave his magic.
  Like, listen, I'm going to go get a glass of wine.
 I'm going to get real drinks several steps away.
  Well, they do.
 Non-complicated, non-sugar.
 No, you can get regular beer and wine.
 You can get  regular beer.
 Okay.
 And the beer, I didn't get a chance to see it.
 I should have thought to just  order a single beer, but the beaker, like proprietary cups, I think are set up in such a way.
 They have  these devices where like you can, they put it on a thing and I think the bottom pops out a little.
  Yeah.
 It fills from the bottom.
 That's fun.
 That kind of got Erin back and forth.
 She's like hanging  on by there.
 That's the only thing getting her to that's why I'm saying hang out around the Pim.
  What is it called? Tasting lab.
 Tasting lab.
 And then you'll, yeah, have like a cocktail.
 And then  you, I'm sure at night, especially you look at the guardians' tower, you know, you're having a nice  little time.
 I think so.
 This all seems like maybe you wait it out and do it in a less stressful.
  There's no protocols.
 You're not, it's not, it seems like it was all too much that it's the opening  day madness mixed with the protocols and the ride is cool, but it's also a thing you got to learn  and you got to get there right away and you got to wake up and get the reservation.
 It seems like if  you're able to fold this into the chillest park, the most relaxed, right? Like the most resorty  vacation of all the parks.
 I think once this place gets up to or slows down to DCA speed.
 Yeah.
 Oh,  a hundred percent.
 Yeah.
 Because like a big thing since we're in this neck of the woods,  they've annexed guardians, which storyline yet it's supposed to be in this part of the park,  but now for the moment you can only get to guardians through Avengers campus.
 So guardians,  I, we walked on it and then after they left, I waited 15 minutes and wrote it again and they  should just put the end of the lamb land at the, the tasting lab and, and annex the guardians and  the shawarma palace too.
 And the Terran treats into Hollywood for right now.
 So people can get at  least a little Marvel just walking around because that's a huge attraction, eating up people  and not a lot of people are going to ride it.
 Cause especially cause it's a, you know,  and I don't think I'm insulting it by saying the Spider-Man ride is like a C ticket ride.
  It's like Mater's, it's like Luigi's dancing car attraction.
 Is it that level? Wow.
 I mean,  it's, it's a little better.
 It's certainly more high budget or whatever.
 That doesn't mean if you,  that's not even an insult.
 That's just a matter of that's like the scope and kind of the wow factor  and what it's intended to be.
 I know what you're saying.
 It's more expensive, but I think it's that  level of, and I like both of those cars.
 I like the Mater thing.
 I like the, oh, I do too.
 Yeah.
  But the fact that it's not a like, but it's not like a blowout crazy ride.
 Like I don't, I mean,  it's like the Falcon opening opening day.
 It is, but the Falcon, the folk, I should say Falcon,  cause that's what Han Solo says.
 Yeah.
 The Falcon though, that is trying.
 I mean, yeah,  that's what everyone can, I will say I agree with, cause I, look, I read all this discourse.
  There's some people that are like, no, you don't be mean to Avengers campus in this ride because  this is sort of the low key ride and this isn't the big one.
 I'm trying not to be mean.
 It's the same  as the Millennium Falcon.
 And I'm like, the Millennium Falcon is a different story.
 The  Millennium Falcon is a high level attraction.
 Like that is a major, I know it's not supposed to be  maybe as impressive as Rise of the Resistance, but like that's not Mater's junkyard jamboree or  whatever the hell it's called.
 That's like a, like knock you out.
 Like you're sitting in the  goddamn cockpit of the Millennium Falcon.
 Like, yeah, I mean, Spider-Man ride, you get to see  everyone's friend's Spider-Man and that's kind of nice.
 I like that it's got that going for it.
  So, but yeah, it's not the cockpit of the Millennium Falcon.
 Yeah, no, it's, I'm just saying,  yeah, that's the Millennium Falcon.
 When people are comparing the two of them, I'm like, that's not  the same.
 Yeah, yeah, right.
 Being in the Millennium Falcon cockpit is like a transformative,  like, oh my God moment for a fan of Star Wars.
 It's the whole, it's the, it's all a really great  experience until the actual thing starts.
 And which sounds like a big insult because you were,  you're there for the thing, but that, you know, the, yeah, the cockpit is great and the lobby,  what is it called? Yeah, I don't know, the commons area of the Millennium Falcon.
 You see the blankets  on the Millennium Falcon.
 Game room.
 I wish that was, we had more time in there.
 Condo is great.
  It's like, I want an hour.
 Seeing it up from the outside, I don't, if I've been too negative on  Smuggler's Run ever, like it is everything until the four minutes that you do.
 And even that is  not like so awful.
 It's just not what it, it doesn't top everything that came before it,  which is a bizarre syndrome for a ride.
 If the Indiana Jones adventure was like a little less  good than the Q, that'd be strange.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it's like, it doesn't, I've said, we've said  this before.
 It's like, there's, there's moments on Star Tours, the new version where you're like,  oh man, that's so great.
 You get caught in that thing's mouth and you do this.
 And it's just like  sort of missing some of that.
 And again, I think, you know, they do a new, new like ride video  cause you can change it.
 And it's like, it could probably be elevated to what our imaginations.
  My argument to like, yeah, you know, hey, you can't judge Avengers campus in this way.
 And you  know, look, it's, you know, cause it's similar to this thing.
 These are buildings.
 Nobody's,  you can say whatever you want about any of it.
 I don't think there'll be any feelings.
  People were doing good jobs.
 Don't we? I think they were saying like, all right, don't be,  don't be like gleeful.
 And you're like, like criticism.
 I think it's fair to be tough on this  stuff because it's also fucking expensive to go right now.
 It's not an annual pass.
 So like you  want to get your money.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It is bizarre to be in this scenario where you might,  like you may have bought a pass for this day to go do experiences that you might not get to do,  or it requires a lot of stress to do them.
 And it's, and some of that is, I think they're doing  the best they can, but it's not certainly not an ideal situation on this week.
 No, I talk about this  place.
 They should have waited for later in the summer or the fall to open this stuff.
 Yeah,  do it with a little less spells, a little less red tape.
 I'm going to, I'm going to swing positive  now.
 Oh, I was ready.
 I was ready to swing right there with you.
 Oh boy.
 I, so, you know, after  they all, you know, went over to Disneyland, I hung out in the land for a while, was driven insane  by psychological warfare from Alan Silvestri's beautiful music, deed guardians again.
 And then  I was like, I'm not hungry right now, but a thing that usually travels well is a shawarma wrap.
  So I'll get one and I'll get it in a bag.
 Um, and, and I'll walk around a little and, and eat it  somewhere more peaceful.
 I'll eat it in a grizzly peak.
 Um, so I had New York's tastiest chicken  shawarma wrap with coconut yogurt, tahini sauce.
 I don't know why they call it that it's to,  it's clearly tzatziki sauce.
 It just has a coconut yogurt base.
 It might have tahini in it,  but, um, and it was, it was good.
 I thought the shawarma was good.
 Um, because it's like ready to  go, there's not like, if you, if you go to a usual shawarma place, there's like a ton of,  you know, cabbage and peppers and pickles and stuff like that.
 But there are vegetables in like the  sauce and the sauce is very flavorful.
 The pictures of the sauce online, frankly, look  disgusting, but it was really tasty and traveled well.
 Um, so I want to saw it.
 Yeah.
 That is  like, it might not on a hot bay or that's in a bag for a while.
 It's a coconut yogurt base.
 It's  not a dairy base.
 So I think it holds together a little more with theme park food.
 That is a wild  thought.
 I'm going to get this and put it in a bag and hold it for a while.
 Like that is a big risk.
  It seems like it worked out, but that could have gone real.
 That's like putting the arc reactor  in your chest.
 That's right.
 Level Tony Stark, whatever it takes, Michael, whatever it takes.
  We kept texting each other those pictures.
 Yeah, we did.
 I did that too.
 Um, uh, I liked, no,  I thought it was very good.
 Well, cause I knew it was just seasoned chicken and PETA and the sauce.
  I was like, well, that sauce doesn't taste good.
 I'll toss the sauce and just eat the chicken and  PETA.
 I thought it was pretty good.
 I think it's a great walk around food.
 I didn't try the  falafel and I did not risk getting a cream puff, uh, to travel around, but I was just  between the beer cocktail and the French toast and the, um, uh, uh, the candy bar.
 I was like,  I can not eat something else.
 Sweet.
 I have to save this.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I would,  I had clam chowder in New Orleans square later because I was pretty bold choice, bold choice.
  I just needed a little something.
 It was a little chilly.
 It was getting chilly that day.
 Um, what  was the positive thing you were going to say? Uh, I, the spider, the bro, look, the dummy, the robot,  whatever you could, the stunt Tronic, whatever they call it, uh, is awesome.
 Yeah.
 It's great.
  That is a highlight of the whole thing.
 Now, is that a show that you line up? Okay.
 Let's talk  about this.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Uh, so a thing I saw going around was people saying, you know, it's pop-up  shows.
 It just like action starts happening around you.
 But then I also saw people saying,  if you ask cast members, when does this happen? They will not tell you or they do not.
 They have  a rough estimate and, uh, that sucks.
 And I feel like this is a thing theme parks have been doing  with these like little pop-up shows or event show stuff.
 Um, where I think Ray and Chewie wandering  through galaxy's edge.
 I think that's really fun.
 This, what happens when black Panther and black  widow fight task master or spider-man tests out his new suit is that people he go like in a movie,  Hey, there's spider-man and rush the pathways and fill the path.
 Yeah.
 There's not a ton of  room to see it because the whole show happens on the top of the, of the web.
 Uh, what's the name of  it? The worldwide engineering brigade.
 Well, yeah.
 Okay.
 The web.
 Yeah.
 Worldwide engineering  brigade building the circuit city building.
 So that happens the whole on the top of it.
  And that walkway sort of into Avengers campus is pretty narrow.
 So, and he goes, he's like  walking the whole length of the whole building.
 So you gotta like move to see the whole thing.
  It's tough to see it because you want, cause he goes, she starts over here.
 And I think they're  doing that so you can, you know, everybody gets a little taste of that spider-man fun, but everybody  wants to watch the whole show.
 So like, I found we were like trying to cram together to try to get  around to see, we saw Kanye on the stage where he's above you and then the whole crowd moves  like the sea.
 Yeah.
 Very stressful at times.
 And there's a lot of built in seating into the  landscaping and planners that are covered in do not sit social distancing.
 Yeah.
 A lot of that's  COVID.
 A lot of that's first week.
 So like COVID it'll be different.
 I mean, the direct, it's that  I compare this to the dragon and Diagon Alley where it's like the, the flying cause so basically if  you don't know what we're talking about, uh, there's a little show where there's an actual stunt  performer.
 He gets on wires.
 He's doing some like crazy stuff where he's hanging from, you know,  three stories in the air and he does like iconic spider-man hanging upside down with  like your feet together.
 Yeah.
 And that's, that's pretty fun.
 That's fun.
 If I was a kid,  I'd love that and love it now.
 Uh, and then they, Disney developed this thing.
 You can see it online  where they dress essentially like a crash test dummy, like a high level crash test dummy and  fly them through the air.
 Like he's spider-man swinging on a web and he, he goes very high.
  He lands very impressive.
 Uh, and that feels like, yeah, they're like dragon and Diagon Alley where  you're like, that's kind of the thing you got to see.
 Like I haven't seen that in a park because  like it looks like a human being.
 It looks like he's just flying in here and he's going to land  and kill himself.
 It's pretty crazy to see it.
 I wonder where it goes.
 What is the backstage?  It's a good question.
 And it's a good question because like I, it's very impressive because  I, I don't know if anybody has pointed, like I'm sure there's some vantage point where you can see  where it lands, but there's not a good one around.
 I'll tell you a great vantage point to see at the  alfresco tasting terrace because I got to see it up there.
 I was thinking like, can I see spider-man  from up here? And then suddenly just looking in that direction, you just see spider-man  jump into the sky and it was awesome.
 It is cool as hell.
 It was to see it from elevate.
 Like that  was a nice little hit, uh, of the campus and then stage 17.
 I think like if you want some Marvel  stuff, uh, I think it's super fun.
 I want, yeah, they need to fling more dummies in the air at  Disney.
 That's what I think.
 It was, yeah.
 Goofy.
 Yes.
 This fly.
 Yeah.
 Tinkerbell.
 I mean,  she's a famously like is on that rope or that line at the end of the fireworks show, but they should  just fly.
 Just catapult the catapult or from the Matterhorn into the castle.
 Indiana Jones.
 Yeah.
  Oh no.
 The catapult.
 I assume that's how they do this is a catapult.
 The other shows that the door  Milaje show, the performers are great.
 Audience was really into it.
 Um, that's a black panthers,  like guard.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 They were already in California adventure a little.
 Um,  so they, they do a little, just a quick little thing, but they're, they're out wandering around  a lot.
 The suits are all really great.
 And I know this is important to fans of it and to kids and  everything that you get like such quality.
 This is so not theme park costumes have come a really  long way.
 Yes, for sure.
 It's not, it's certainly better than the islands of adventure stuff.
 Uh,  you're like, it is funny cause like iron man, you're not going to get a perfect, like it's gotta be.
  Yeah.
 But it's, I mean, they're doing their best.
 They can't, I don't know.
 Yeah.
 That our man,  it's the iron man.
 It might be the roughest one.
 Yeah.
 Um, but, but I will say this to praise Len,  all the characters you like are there.
 And in my talk, am I also throwing shade at galaxy edge  a little bit? Cause it's like, I think there's a plaque somewhere in the land that says like,  this is where all the friends, like all the friends can meet here from any time.
 Like there's sort of  a thing to like blanket say like, eh, don't worry too much about the timeline.
 Cause you see everybody  you see captain America.
 You can see, you see both Captain America, Steve Rogers and, uh, and Sam  Wilson, Anthony Mackie.
 Yes.
 Who just recently debuted as captain America on TV, not in the  comics.
 That was a few years ago during the Rick Remender Ron, Jason, is that correct?  I think that's right.
 Uh, it was when cat America was, well, Bucky Barnes took over when cat America  was presumed dead and then when cat America was, uh, aged, uh, aged up became commander Rogers.
  Right.
 Uh, uh, Falcon took over.
 Right.
 Cause, cause Rick sent him into like a different  universe to live like 30 years or something at a time.
 Something like that.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, fake.
 Uh,  all of it.
 All of it.
 Um, so yeah, you get all the heroes that are all there.
 There's constant heroes.
  There's constant things happening.
 And that's really like when, and I know it's a much smaller  land than galaxy's edge, but it's like, and I, and like, you go, oh good.
 Like this is right.
 This  have to be constantly here.
 Whereas galaxy's edge is so much empty space with no characters.
  The catwalks.
 I like that social distancing.
 I have this awesome picture from, uh, my return to  galaxy's edge where of chewy, like it was like perfectly in the sunset, like putting up a fist  victoriously, like from up as if he's like giving an election speech while people cheered him on from  below.
 And I'm like, this is great.
 They're using social distancing is causing these catwalks to be  used finally.
 And maybe can Marvel inspire that stuff to happen a little more? Cause there was,  there was, there was never, there was never a time when there wasn't something going on.
 Like  Spider-Man does the whole, his whole show and he flies and then he comes down and does like photos  with people and then Captain America comes out and Iron Man comes out and they come, Iron Man comes  out of like a utility door on the Avengers and go, Hey, what up? He does kind of come out of like,  yeah, the, the bathroom, not the garage door, but that regular door next to the garage door.
 Like,  and then the watt where we were sitting down and drinking, I had the, I forgot, I had that  marshmallow stuff.
 The Wasp just like went up to like the second level, just roaming around.
  She's just kind of like leaning against the band.
 Yeah, they're all just kind of up there,  like checking in.
 She walks over, we're like, Hey Wasp, but she's like,  we're like, yeah, hey, we, we saw, I saw it up close after you left, but when we were sitting down,  we saw the, um, black widow fighting task master and some of these heavies and then black panther  joins in as well.
 This is kind of a, you know, uh, a character people haven't really, uh,  experienced in the movies yet.
 Task masters and assassin who has like, can, is like, can learn  anyone's fighting style by looking at them fight and has all the Avengers weapons to some extent.
  He has a big kooky skull face in the comics and kind of has a skull face of this, but this is kind  of black widow.
 They're doing like synergy with the new movie basically.
 So black widow is coming  out, the movie's coming out.
 So she fights the villain that she's fighting in the movie.
  Having things that are precursors to things that haven't come out.
 That's pretty neat.
  The stunt fighters were all great.
 They tried to program.
 I think they programmed way too many,  like hit sound effects because it was, there was like two fights going on at once and the hits  weren't correct.
 Like this, the performers were doing great, but they did.
 There's a thing and I  missed it because it's, it's hard a little bit to see some of the action, but there was a, there's a,  they do a stunt and when, where one of the goons is like fighting black widow and she like kicks  him or something and they do the like pull back on a rig of some kind where like the performer  like shoots back.
 And I was like, I didn't even see that live, but I was watching the video of it.
  I was like, oh yeah, that's good.
 Um, so yeah, it's constant, it's constant characters and they're  all there.
 And in case everyone's star Wars, galaxy's edge, I want all the characters.
 I want  Ray, Kylo, Finn there, but I also want all other six movies.
 I'm not like that guy walking around  giant rabbit that was in the comics.
 Jackson.
 Yes.
 He was a Marvel comics exclusive green rabbit  that was in the star Wars universe named Jackson.
 And he's not Bucky O'Hare.
 He's not Bucky O'Hare.
  He's not this green rabbit is not that green rabbit.
 Jackson is his name.
 And I have a figure  of him pre-ordered.
 Congratulations.
 Um, yeah, you're saying, yeah, this isn't like, go back to,  oh, no, I prequels are better.
 You just, that's everything.
 Yeah.
 I know which,  a new character Mandalorian is going to be in there so much as soon as they figure out how to do it.
  It's just all bets are off.
 Like Mandalorian, I feel like just like chased all the weirdness  away.
 Like here's one we can all agree on.
 And it'll probably be like we've heard the  rumors in Paris a lot apparently.
 And yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 They have all those costumes from  the hyperspace hoopla and just bring them out.
 I want those guys in there too.
 They have like  the figuring Dan and the modal nodes costumes for God's sake.
 Why aren't, why would you not?  Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Like, like there's just have them around.
 It's, but two is star Wars heaven.
  It's where they all live, whether or not they're dead or alive.
 It's unclear.
 Yeah.
 Just who truly,  who would like the kind of people who would care, like we'll get to do their Twitter rants and like,  all right, you have your fun.
 I will have the fun of seeing Darth Maul and Kylo like, uh,  Sharon Aranta.
 But, but what they do really well is like, you're on this planet.
 This is the  soundscape, the music of this planet.
 Sure.
 The soundscape of Avengers campus is like all over  the map.
 Like I, like, like I said, the first off, I think Spider-Man, when he comes down for  photo ops, we'll talk to people, but so much of the voices are recorded.
 Like, um, when like  cat Marvel was talking to kids, taking pictures, she was talking, but like a lot of it's like,  you know, they're playing recorded lines and stuff, which is probably,  Hey, you can be in the cheaper union, not that more expensive union, um, for performers.
 I think  it's why they're doing Dr.
 Strange talks.
 Yeah.
 Dr.
 Strange talks.
 Cause Dr.
 Strange has like a  legit magic show for you, which is cool.
 I like, um, but like it's interesting cause Spider-Man is  Tom Holland's voice.
 The iron man is, as Lindsay kept saying, like sounds like Dr.
 Evil.
 He's like,  well, hey there, hey there, pepper is pepper around.
 Like, like this weird, like trying to,  it might not be that, but it just sounded like a little odd in the land.
 It's like with Spider-Man,  it's like, it is Tom Holland, which is great, but it almost feels like it'd be fun if, if Spider-Man  was free to do some crowd work up there.
 If he was free to do a little, like point out something,  you know, uh, so, but I don't know, that's not good enough to do that note, but, uh, yeah, depending.
  Dr.
 Strange is a legit magician.
 The guy they have playing him or everyone they have playing  him.
 But his costume is good.
 Here's one of the weirdest things I saw, which is the, the ruins  that Dr.
 Strange performs in.
 This is really cool.
 Like mirrored orb and stuff.
 There's an optical  illusion.
 If you take a photo, right, it looks like the ground below you was warping.
 And then  there's this like little, uh, outdoor standing room, like area where you watch Dr.
 Strange come  out on a little performance space and there's a plasma, like TV, there's a 4k screen behind  these doors.
 He comes out of, so we can do like conjuring stuff.
 Um, yeah.
 And you see Dormammu,  the bad guy on it.
 Dormammu is a big like demon character.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So I was not, so it's really  intimate and really tight and they did seemingly pack people into that.
 Uh, I was not going to  venture into that close of crowds, but I was on the outskirts by the big orb and I was like,  Hey, I got a pretty good view of the, you know, pseudo stage from here.
 Dr.
 Strange comes out,  his mic is down so low.
 I can't hear him.
 I can hear Alan Silvestri's music so loud.
  And then I can hear the Spider-Man dialogue and I'm so far away from the Spider-Man,  but I'm so close to Dr.
 Strange.
 I can't hear like it's, this is bad.
 They got a figure.
  They got a tweak.
 They'll tweak that.
 I'm sure.
 I didn't, uh, see the Dr.
 Strange show live because  we were waiting around for a while and I was like, Spider-Man's happened like two or three times  and I've seen, um, uh, what's the ceremony that the Black Panther guards do called? Do they have  a name for that? I'm not sure if it has a ceremony.
 Some of this stuff just isn't on the maps.
  Like the happening kind of stuff.
 At the very least, it should be like you, if you ask a cast  member, they go, well, it's at two 15th.
 Yeah.
 It should be like regimented of like it's every  half an hour or it's every once an hour, you know? Um, so, uh, so yeah, I did not see,  we did not see the Dr.
 Strange.
 I watched it on YouTube and I was like, oh, this is cool.
 Yeah.
  This, this works, uh, cause he's doing like a magic show and it's tied into like,  you know, Dr.
 Strange lore or whatever.
 Yeah.
 And he's got the vibe down.
 He's not trying to do the  American accent.
 I'm an American doctor named Dr.
 Strange.
 I live on the Manhattan Island.
 I am  from here, America.
 This is where I'm from.
 The blue and the red and the white.
  Okay.
 I love America.
 Uh, yeah.
 So, so from what I saw and he uses, uh, Dr.
 Strange does not use  his ridiculous comic book catchphrase in the movies.
 Am I wrong? Uh, I don't remember it in  the movie, but he comes out screaming.
 He says the catchphrase three times in the show, at least the  video I saw, which I love.
 And I'll say it for Scott and will it be true? Was it a real,  am I going to say the real one or am I going to say a fake one? Whoa.
 Uh, the problem is,  is the real one is too ridiculous to be.
 I can never remember it.
 It's so weird.
 Uh,  it's by the Horry hosts of Hoggeth.
 That is the catchphrase that Dr.
 Strange said in the comics.
  Real.
 Uh, it is real.
 It is real.
 It is, uh, Stanley is writing at 1 AM and printing has to be done by  two way.
 There's a lot of, there's a lot of debate about, you know, Stanley and what he did and who  he created and did he take a lot more credit than he deserves? Cause Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko did,  they drew this stuff and they, they probably wrote more than Stan likes to take credit for like,  I did it.
 He gives it in the later years.
 He gave more credit to Jack Kirby and, uh,  some of the artists than he did earlier, but the Horry hosts of Hoggeth doesn't sound like anything  more than a Stanley line.
 That sounds pure.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
 It's going to be mad at me.
 And I've  just, uh, shown that I'm not a true Marvel boy, but it's such a ridiculous phrase, but he says it,  which I like a lot.
 Yeah, that'll be in a grape.
 Um, so I like that.
 And it also, and this is,  this is blue sky and I'm sorry, but Dr.
 Strange came out and I was like, where's his fucking house?  Why didn't you build this house? Dr.
 Strange has a cook.
 We, we, we did it in the void.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh, that was very cool.
 Yeah.
 Secret house and it's magical.
 Not Rick Santorum,  the sanctum sanctorum is a Dr.
 Strange is like magic house.
 And I was like, just like build that.
  Why didn't we build that? Like, this is like all industrial building and Avengers like, yeah, okay.
  But like he's got him.
 He's got a magic house.
 I really do think they're overthinking it with  all these things.
 Yeah.
 Just make the places.
 Build this fucking house.
 Yeah.
 And this is, um,  it's the time of year in Los Angeles where there's a lot of gloomy gray days, whether it's hot or  cold.
 And, um, the gray of the sky really accented the gray of much of the land.
 So for a, uh, uh,  movies inspired by like bright colored comics.
 Um, I just want it more splashes of color.
 I want  more weird stuff.
 I mean, I, I think that they're expanding their horizons a little with the Disney  plus shows.
 Uh, there's a lot of interesting aesthetic stuff in Loki, um, Kamala con,  Ms.
 Marvel is coming.
 Moon Knight is coming shows.
 Uh, Hawkeye, uh, is coming.
 And, and so like,  if you can get them in there and like fill out the world a little more, uh, that'd be great.
 Yeah.
  And I would say, I think those characters will show up.
 It's just like, now I'm going to be a  little cranky, like waiting for the next really themed, like we've, we were talking on the  Patreon about the plans, the possible plans that, uh, uh, Disney has for Anaheim where it's like,  Oh, it seems like they're going to build Wakanda, which would be awesome.
 Wakanda  looks cool as shit.
 Like build Wakanda, which obviously is probably like budget wise,  similar to avatar.
 Like the Wakanda orientation center where we'll get you accustomed to the idea  of Wakanda before you get to live your Wakanda.
 Like, no, just do the.
 Yeah.
 And I, again,  I'm sure like they, the e-ticket is I think supposed to take you to Wakanda.
 The idea they  were going to build or there's hopefully fingers crossed are still building like a crazy new ride  system that I even read more about than I knew.
 Like it's, you start in the Quinn jet, like you're  on a way to, on the way to Wakanda.
 Then the thing like opens up, the jet opens up and then like your  cart, like your seats drop out some, and then you each like have a suit up kind of moment  of some kind, like a singular experience where like something happens to you and then you get  dumped.
 I think what, like in a three 60 ish, this is my guest based on what I'm reading.
  And then on that crazy battle where I think you have a lot of range of motion versus Soren.
 Um,  Wow.
 Like that sounds awesome.
 Yeah.
 And I think like, if that was open with the land,  people would go, yeah, the land is a little sterile, but man, that ride was unbelievable.
  So build up to that.
 Yeah.
 But like, it's just, I'm, I'm look, I'm impatient.
 I'm cranky.
 Uh,  well, I promoted it like as big as a DCA 2.
0, like the refresh there and galaxy's edge.
  And even if it's like a half size land like that, it's insanely popular characters and such.
 And  it's at a time where people are hungry to get out of the house and get back to doing stuff  at places.
 So there's demand.
 The demand is there.
 So I, I don't know that I was,  we were at galaxy edge, Oming day.
 I remember going to like cars, lamb,  Wayne, a Vista street opening weekend.
 And, uh, I know the, all the COVID stuff and all the  working out the kinks in the app, but this was the sloppiest of the three openings.
  That's undeniable.
 Yeah.
 So I'm sure it's going to calm down.
 And, uh, yeah.
 I want the ground  chaos members, performers doing a great job, uh, in the land and, and everyone in good spirits and,  and guests seem to be, uh, enjoying themselves.
 Uh, yeah, sure.
 And I, yeah, if I was a kid,  all the stuff I, I mentioned, liking, I'm sure every kid is like, holy shit, cause by the way,  it's flying gear.
 But hopefully this is just the beginning.
 But this is, yeah, there's just, uh,  this is just the beginning of Marvel.
 It's the end of the COVID protocols.
 Fingers crossed.
 Uh,  yeah.
 Like, yeah, obviously it'll settle down.
 Cause I think I said, and this is going to sound  like two and so like, if this was just like fantasy fair, that little fantasy fair in Disneyland,  where they were like, oh yeah, fantasy fair is open.
 And you're like, oh cool.
 And you walked  over, you're like, oh, it's Figaro.
 Like, oh cool.
 They did a nice legit, they nice job with this.
  Okay.
 But if it was live your Figaro fantasy hero up brother, hero up.
 Um, I discovered  this is a little, so I, I, after you guys left, I just kind of wandered around California adventure  a bunch and did anything with a short wait.
 Um, I did get my legacy pass holder thing fixed.
 Um,  and I went to the tasting terrace cause it was like the main place you could get a drink and walk in  and like sit for a while.
 Um, and this is where I learned that Disney, I didn't, I thought this was  only in like Mario Cuomo's New York, but, uh, I went and I was like, I will have the drop in,  if you dare, um, which is a gin drink that tastes like paint thinner that you add a syringe of  Maraschino cherry mix to, to make it taste, um, you know, sweet and more palatable.
 Um, but I said,  uh, just the drink please.
 Uh, no food.
 She said, what food? And I was like, oh, no food for me.
  And they're like, oh, you have to order food to order a drink.
 So suddenly the,  this is what you're ending the podcast.
 I suddenly the $16 with an Andy Rooney, like a 16 minute,  what happened? What happened? Perhaps in New York, this kind of thing flies, but there were,  there was, there was a happy ending.
 I have the menu.
 I got to keep the menu, but I Jason,  by the way, Andy Rooney is one of his characters and I'm not making a joke.
 Like he's done a lot.
  Oh, could you do the rest of this in the voice?  Well, I wasn't expecting to eat screaming cauliflower ceviche, but they said it was  the lightest option on the menu.
 And after eating $3,000 or three thousand calories of Avengers  campus ant man grub, I was a little puffy.
 So I opted for what turned out to be a soup,  to read full of chopped vegetables and tortilla chips.
 Not exactly light.
 I would say,  and my $17 cocktail adling quickly turned into a $31 plus a generous tip.
  $40 sit, but on the bright side, I was given the menu to keep and a coaster  and a legacy pass holder magnet.
 And for some reason, a bamboo straw that is imprinted with  Disney annual pass holder.
 When did they start making straws out of bamboo?  Oh, I'm throwing the straw right in the garbage.
 Why do they wrap the straw in plastic? If plastic  is the thing you're not supposed to be using right now.
 Podcast the ride.
 We'll be right back.
  We started the show with junior samples and ended it with a long deceased, long dormant segment  on a show for old people.
 But that was delightful.
 I enjoyed that a lot.
 I feel like I got to wind  it down.
 Any closing thoughts? Unless you just want to do an after show.
 Well, yeah, one where  I leave.
 No, I guess that's it.
 I just, yeah, I did like, I mean, I don't want to seem like I'm too  negative or something.
 These are just my general thoughts as a, as a Marvel, as a Marvel fan.
  I've been doing that a lot.
 Sorry.
 The last year I've been cracked.
 My voice has been cracked.
  Yeah.
 I apologize everyone.
 Um, as a Marvel fan, I just, I'm hungry for the meat that I know is  there and there's 70 years of nonsense.
 And this is just like we built, you know, as I said,  the, we just built main street of Disneyland and you're going to enjoy main street for five years,  like enjoy main street for five years before you get to do anything.
 Sometimes people come out and  wave from the castle.
 Can I go through it? Is there anything on the other side? Don't worry about that.
  No, nothing else in Disneyland.
 Your castle experience.
 It's like main street and the Tiki  room is open.
 Yeah, that's a good, and you're like, okay, this is fun.
 And I like the Tiki room better  than I like Spiderman.
 Um, but yes, it's like, there's one thing and it's a nice experience.
 And  eventually, eventually you'll get to do like a cool, crazy thing that like lives up to the promise  of some of this nonsense.
 Um, so yeah, so anyway, but it's, it's a nice time and when everything  settles down, everybody will have a nice cocktail there and you get to see them hurl a dummy through  the air.
 That's great.
 I mean, what else do you want? I mean, eventually a ride, but besides that,  I mean, sure.
 Uh, that, that is, that does sound nice.
 Oh, and that, that terrorists,  give me to that terrorists.
 Yeah, I don't know how much longer it's going to be there or what  it's going to be if the legacy pass holders are going away.
 Can somebody leak some information?  Like tell us like, is the, is the annual pass coming back or whatever it's called a rewards  program, whatever shape I called it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, if it comes back, definitely check out Marvel,  you know, Avengers campus.
 I would say like, yes, don't, don't run.
 If you're like,  how should I spend the money right now to do it? It's like, I think let it calm down, let them  work out some kinks.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I mean, COVID protocols in California will change.
 So  yeah, I would say like when you go, Oh, Disney's like allowing more capacity and there's less  like they can have more people in the land and whatever, like, yeah, it's not something that I  go, you would go, Oh my gosh, you got to go see it tomorrow.
 But like, yeah, check it out when you  can.
 And it's comfortable.
 And yeah, maybe they'll try time timed entries at some point.
 I always  thought the first couple of months of galaxy's edge, the timed entries worked pretty well,  but like, yeah, I mean, they, they got rid of those within a couple of weeks.
 I feel like,  yeah, that's true.
 But galaxy's edge protocols, galaxy's edge protocol.
 I mean, you did have to  just try to get into Oga's was hard to get into, but this is like a whole land.
 That's Oga's.
 That's  okay.
 To end the show, Jason and I will list X-Men villains and you will say, is it, are they real or  are they not real? Okay.
 Okay.
 The first one is Strife.
 The fake real, real cables.
 Glow.
  Fabian Cortez.
 That's real.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Set it to confident.
 Yeah, you did.
 The next one is arcade.
  Fake.
 Real.
 Whoa.
 Mm hmm.
 Geez.
 Kang the Conqueror.
 Fake.
 Well, technically it's an Avengers villain.
  That was a trick.
 Oh.
 He's going to be in one of the movies coming up.
 I forget which one.
 Yeah.
  Eternals maybe? Mojo.
 Fake.
 Real.
 Okay.
 Geez.
 There are no fakes.
 Maybe there are no fakes.
  I'm doing this off the top of my head, Jason.
 He's out of them.
 No, I'm trying to think.
 I'm  trying.
 There's a guy who doesn't have legs, but he has tank treads and I can't remember his name.
  G.
W.
 Bridge.
 He's the president, right? President, like you said 20 years ago.
 Real.
 He is real.
  He's more of a, I don't know.
 Are you thinking of Trevor Fitzroy? No, Trevor Fitzroy is different  than G.
W.
 Bridge.
 No, I mean from the guy with the tank legs.
 No, not Trevor Fitzroy.
 No,  Fitzroy is more of an armored guy.
 Scott Thorson.
 Scott Thorson.
  Real.
 But not in the Marvel universe.
 In the candelabra.
 In the candelabra.
 And a real person  in this world.
 When will Disney open up a candelabra themed land? Oh boy.
 Oh, the opulence.
  I don't think they could afford it.
 Only Liberace himself could pull it off.
 Man, that's true.
 He  paved his way one key strike at a time.
 That's right.
 So anyway, Kevin Feige, do something with  the Liberace.
 Do something.
 Liberace collaborating with intergalactic rock star teleporter Lila  Cheney.
 How about that? Real.
 Real.
 Real.
 Dazzler.
 Real.
 Wow.
 There's so much to learn.
 So many  characters I gotta meet.
 Not to learn.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I say so much to learn for other people.
  As for me, I'll go get a beer there when it's more chill.
 And as for you, you survived  Podcast the Ride.
 Thanks for listening.
 You can find us on all the socials at Podcast the Ride.
  Merch is available in our T public campus slinger.
 What's the T public supply depot?  T public pod.
 T public supply.
 And there's a tasting menu of three bonus episodes every month  at Podcast the Ride test labs, AKA Podcast the Ride the second gate at patreon.
com slash  podcast the rides more fun than being flung 120 feet in the air.
 So catapult yourselves  over to our Patreon right now.
 Well, thanks.
 Thanks for going.
 Thanks.
 Thanks for filling me in.
  Your virtual experience.
 Whatever it takes.
 Soon enough, whatever it takes,  you'll be screaming, make mine Marvel.
 What? Good night.
  Yeah.
 This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Baum, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
 For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following  us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
