 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, today's episode is a small yet lively horn section.
  Sad and bad future food, Smash Mouth Guy voice, and the long awaited debut of a new running  joke involving Jason Sheridan and a blue shirt.
  Yes, all that plus Jordan Morris returns to talk Tomorrowland bands on today's podcast,  The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three guys who love rock  concerts as long as the set list is approved by 15 Disney lawyers.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, you know, I just want everything on brand.
  I want it to be in the right queue zone, the right quadrants.
  Yeah, you want it to appeal to all demographics.
  That's right.
  Yes.
  Nothing too bawdy.
  Nothing too bawdy.
  Scott Garner here.
  Yeah.
  How do you feel about that?  You know, it's called rock and roll, not rock and raunch.
  So I don't want any raunchy materials.
  It can be a tad edgy.
  Maybe I'll allow some, you know, a journey or a Bon Jovi.
  Right.
  What have you.
  They'll have long hair and the image is edgy, but the music mostly is squeaky clean.
  Yeah, I want to make sure like Bob Chapek or Josh Demaro has looked over the songs that  I'll be hearing if I go to a theme park or a concert.
  So I know that it's safe.
  Yeah.
  And neither of them have too wild of hair.
  You couldn't trust an executive with long hair, I don't think.
  So, you know, they're not getting too must, too rowdy.
  You know what I'll say, though, real quick, and this, this, you know, we're doing a  rock and topic today, of course.
  But I was looking through this, all the research and I was seeing, of course,  my beloved Mad Tea Party, which was a big rock and roll music extravaganza with the.
  Call that I actually would not call that rock and roll.
  They would play Prince, they would play Blink 182, some of the rock and his songs  that I know.
  So what I thought it was more like rave ish.
  Maybe I didn't know that we need to do this episode.
  We were talking about showing.
  Yeah, you're showing now that you actually.
  You're literally finger wagging now.
  You did not experience the actual Mad Tea Party.
  Trappings, it has the visual elements of like it was an electric daisy carnival,  but in reality, it just has electricity and maybe a few days.
  Well, Jason, you're you're no.
  You see, Jason, you're not correct either.
  There are so many points.
  The most aggressive point.
  OK, so for the listeners who don't know, the Mad Tea Party was something that they  had over in the dead zone of California Adventure by the Monsters Inc.
  Ride, and they would have people dressed up as like Alice in Wonderland characters,  either playing in a band where they would play rock and roll music or DJ White Rabbit  would, as Scott's saying, come out and do a very like, you know,  Alice in Wonderland down the rabbit hole rave.
  So they would do that.
  You said that phrase as if it's a natural, you know, it's a real Alice in Wonderland,  you know, Tweedledee, Tweedledum, you know, really like, you know, just groovy stuff.
  They had two large men playing Tweedledee and Tweedledum who would walk around as well.
  And they would talk and they would like do banter with people.
  So I I've probably seen parts of at least 10 of these Mad Tea Party shows.
  So I've by the way, I forgot where I'm that many times.
  I think so.
  By the way, I forgot why I even started talking about this.
  I know it's not even what we're using.
  It's what we're talking about.
  Rock and roll.
 Yes.
  Always waiting.
 Any chance ready to remotely related.
  There's already so much of the Tomorrowland Terrace and all the bands and the design and the  up and up and down stage.
  I think where I was going with it was that they play Prince songs in the park.
  So I am impressed that sometimes they get away with a slightly body or material.
  I mean, they was let's go crazy, you know, and then kiss.
  They were not only I've heard I heard the I heard the White Rabbit do a cover of Darlin' Nikki,  where actually they shouted.
  He shouted masturbated louder than it is in the song and like kept adding it to other lyrics.
  Or it didn't.
 So they'll get a real body.
  Wow.
 Interesting.
  I would I would you know, I love Prince of a huge Prince fan, but I would I would appreciate it if  they would change those lyrics to make them a little more kid friendly.
  Mitter in a hotel lobby quietly perusing.
  Gingerly turning the pages on a magazine.
  Marveling at the contents of a magazine.
  Right.
 Of a clean highlights magazine with leaving it for another guest to enjoy.
  Chuckling at the Goofus and Gal in a cartoon.
  Awesome gal.
 Yeah.
  Zorowitz has done it again.
  So we should at this point check in on the bodyness preferences of our guests.
  Joining us in person from Jordan, Jesse Goh and the co-writer of the upcoming graphic novel  Bubble, it's Jordan Morris.
  Hi, hi, everybody.
  I'm here to rock and roll and kind of a hard PG.
  Kind of way.
  Yeah, no, no references to smoking, no references to drinking.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Spending the night together.
  Spending the night.
  Because things can happen when you do that.
  No.
 Yeah, exactly.
  Yeah.
 Spending the evening together and then going to your separate homes.
  That's what I'm that's what I'm here to do.
  Making sure everyone's landed safely.
  Right.
  You don't want to interrupt each other's prayers.
  Right.
 Or your magazine time.
  Or your magazine time.
  Because there's a new Andy Borowitz.
  Right.
  I have to send my hotel lobby and thumb through US News and World Report before bed.
  Finishing the crossword in a magazine.
  I might get too horny.
  And hey, I've been to the I've been to the Mad Tea Party.
  Just a little a little tip.
  If you're a newbie, the scones are strong, so just take half.
  Just do half.
  See how you feel.
  It won't it won't hit you right away.
  So just like don't.
  Alice in Wonderland is a cautionary tale in general.
  She takes too much.
  She grows really big.
  She shrinks really small.
  You don't want that to happen.
  Yeah.
  Know your limits.
  That's the that's that's my message here today.
  Kids know your tolerance levels.
  Very great.
  Thanks for that warning.
  Yeah.
  Hey, thank you for being here and for bringing us this this area, this musical area.
  It's very specific area, which I think we're I mean, we know we can go a thousand directions.
  We can mostly just keep talking about the Mad Tea Party.
  Sure.
  If you wish.
  All right.
  And that's that'll be the plan.
  But like so we're mainly talking about like bands that play at Tomorrowland and not just  tomorrow like there's bands that play all over Disneyland.
  That's kind of the main spot.
  Sort of a, you know, a Coachella, if you will, a celebration of the many bands that have played  at Disneyland regularly over the years.
  And you must bring this to us from experience.
  You grew up down there.
  Like, would you go to Disneyland for musical purposes specifically or accidentally?  Yeah.
  I mean, I think the thing that got me thinking about this.
  So I grew up in in Orange County in the like in the 90s.
  So like, obviously, like I was there for like the height of Scott.
  I was there for, you know, your save Ferris's and your real big fishes and your less than  Jake's and your mighty, mighty boss tones.
  And like, and that was like that was like my shit.
  That was like incredibly my shit.
  And yeah, just like it was, you know, it was punk rock with training wheels.
  It was like very, you know, some kind of generally anti authoritarian lyrics, but nothing specific.
  Just, you know, that's, I can think what I liked about it.
  Not an instruction manual of how to do some kind of specific overthrow.
  No, yeah, just like, you know, question authority, but also, you know, wear a bowling  shirt with someone else's name on it.
  I had a chain wall.
  I had it.
  I could, I could encompass this all by saying I had a chain.
  Some checkered vans.
  I did have some checkered vans.
  Yeah.
  And you had to go to the vans outlet to get them.
  That's okay.
  They were a specialty item back in, back in the 90s.
  Now they have them at downtown.
  I walked by them at downtown Disney, a whole rack of them at downtown Disney.
  But I so, but you know, so like by the time I graduated high school in 2000, like,  like that stuff was just a punchline, just a fucking punchline.
  Everybody hated it.
  New metal was here.
  You know, the, the unimpeachable new metal was here that something no one can make fun of.
  So edgy.
  Why would you even dare to attempt fate?  Right.
  Exactly.
  Get curb stomped by Wes Borland.
  Right.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Oh, if you, if you even had a horn section, you were in danger of getting curb stomped by Wes Borland.
  That's not cool.
  Not like at that point, what was cool was a DJ and a small person hype man.
  Yes.
  And, and bikini, American flag bikini wearing women.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That was the new cool.
  But I, so, you know, like it was always like a little bit embarrassing to say that like  you were a Scott kid, but something that I kind of got wind of after I had graduated was  that all of the Scott kids had migrated to Disneyland.
  Like that's, you know, any holdouts, anybody who wasn't too embarrassed to say that they liked it  had migrated to Disneyland to watch a band called the suburban legends.
  Mm hmm.
  Yes.
  Who, uh, like I think formed like, you know, way, way past when you would think a Scott band would,  like late nineties.
  And they kind of like, they planted their flag in Disneyland and they like played at  the Tomorrowland Terrace and they did like in, in their set, they had Disney covers.
  So they would do, I just can't wait to be king.
  They would do colors of the wind.
  They would do the gummy bears theme song.
  Wow.
  The duck tales theme I saw.
  And you know, and, and sometimes like there's those songs that you don't know are covers  because the artist just makes them iconic.
  I mean, Sinead O'Connor's, uh, nothing compares to you.
  Mm hmm.
  Bar Rittner, of course.
  Originally a Prince song, but we, no one knows it as a Prince song anymore.
  It's a Sinead O'Connor song.
  Just like Duck Tales is now a suburban legend song.
  Wasn't that a cartoon theme song?  No, I thought it was.
  Cartoon.
  I think I spent a good amount of the first couple of semesters of college trading  wacky cover songs with people.
  I feel like that was a big thing.
  Cartoon theme songs, ska covers.
  Dynamite Hack, Boys in the Hood.
  Dynamite Hack, Boys in the Hood.
  If that was the number one song in Napster history, I wouldn't be surprised.
  At least Kazaa history.
  Do I know anything else about Dynamite Hack?  Absolutely not.
  No.
  Who was the, is it Me First and the Gimmie Gimmies?  Did they do covers?  Oh yeah.
  So the Me First and the Gimmie Gimmies.
  Swing covers?  They were the like skate punk, uh, super group who does.
  So they will do like, um, gosh, the one I listened to the most because I was also,  you'll be shocked to know in the drama club.
  Ska and drama.
  Yes, I know.
  I'm the only one.
  I'm the only guy to be into these two things.
  So yeah, so Me First and the Gimmie Gimmies do like, they started with oldies,  but they had a cover of show, they had a show tunes album.
  So it's like Fat Mike from NoFX.
  It's Spike from Swing and Utters.
  It's one of the guys from Lag Wagon.
  Do any of these names mean anything to you guys?  Not the last two.
  Little Bits and Pieces.
  No, not the last two.
  Yeah.
  Lag Wagon.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, so it's like a, it is a skate punk, fat records super group that does covers.
  And I have, I, I saw them two years ago.
  Anyway.
  Okay.
  We have show tunes, you said?  Yeah, they'll do like, they do like themed albums.
  There's a show tunes album.
  There's an oldies album.
  There's a country album.
  Yeah.
  So they like take a, take a little theme and, uh, you know, kind of skate punk them up.
  That's fun.
  I really should have gone outside more though than, uh, just sitting on the  campus land, like just sitting on my tunes.
  You could have heard these covers live.
  Yeah.
  It's just the nastiest college rental houses in upstate New York or central New York.
  I am curious though, if you guys like were part of like hometown music scenes, did you guys have like  local bands and venues that you went to, or was that just not part of?  Well, I was, I was in the local music scene with my band Second Level, of course.
  Wow.
  Who played the same one.
  I don't think we were on the same show, but played the same venue fallout boy did.
  Hey, that's, that's a feather in your cap.
  Like they were there on Friday and you guys were there on Saturday.
  I forget.
  And I met Pete once, like a few years ago and I brought up,  because we're both from the same place around the same place and he was like, oh yeah, cool.
  That wasn't even saying like, oh, he was so rude.
  He wasn't.
  It was just like, yeah, people, a lot of people are from there.
  Better than silence, better than turning and walking away.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  He could have just like closed his eyes and passed out too.
  So how would you describe the music of Second Level?  Well, it was varied, I would say.
  Oh, eclectic.
  Wow.
  It was varied.
  There was some, I would say Red Hat Chili Pepper influenced music.
  Okay.
  I would say there was some like Scottie influenced music.
  What else?  Green Day inspired, Offspring inspired.
  This was a band I came into, by the way.
  Their lead singer had quit and I said, you know what I should do?  I should sing in the band and I am not a great singer, but I decided I want to do it.
  And then their old lead singer came back, so we were both in the band.
  Whoa.
  And so many of the great bands have multiple singers.
  It was.
  Second level among them.
  Of course.
  And probably, you know, the song our friends might remember the most is a song called Rock the House.
  Oh.
  Did it?  Well, we got into the school variety show with Rock the House.
  We beat out another band that was much more like a polished Dave Matthews influenced,  probably much better musicians, and they were furious at us.
  Oh, but you guys had like, you guys had like the passion, you know?  Maybe we don't have the chops that these guys do, but we had fucking balls.
  It's very good.
  It's punk.
  That's for sure.
  Thank you.
  I love the literal skills.
  I didn't feel comfortable around any of it.
  Like the different like the band kids into Dave Matthews, I did not feel at home there.
  I did not feel at home in the mall punk like the scene.
  Yeah.
  I had like one or two friends and we we they knew a lot more about music than me.
  And I just remember everyone discovering Interpool,  but not seemingly not my bloody Valentine, but discovering Interpool first.
  It's Interpol.
  Interpol, excuse me.
  It's a regional pronunciation.
  It depends on where you're from.
  Some people say Interpol.
  So yeah, I mean, I've discussed my journey from Thee Might Be Giants to Ben Folds Five to  other stuff, to the Strokes in the White Streaks hitting very big when I was like in the middle of  So you're being in the music scene means listening to music.
  He's talking about like hanging out.
  Yeah.
  So that's as far as I got.
  I like the idea of hanging out and listening to music really didn't hit.
  Going to shows.
  You were like, let's go to shows.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Your club was the CD player.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  In college.
  The club of the mind was the hottest club in town.
  Anybody can get in.
  In the summers after college, I would go into Philadelphia a lot.
  Like they would do free concerts on the pier by South Street.
  And I saw the yeah yeah yeah on their first like and they put out their first album and  Phantom Planet.
  Okay.
  Everyone was like lost their minds when they played California.
  Jason Schwartzman in the band, right?  Jason Schwartzman was still in the band.
  They put out that really shitty strokes, strokesy kind of album later and everyone kind of bailed  at that point.
  So the band, you know, the band, the Academy or they were, I don't know if they're a band.
  The Academy is, do you remember that band?  Yeah.
  This is like, this is some like punk adjacent stuff.
  That's like a little bit after my time.
  Yes.
  So this is maybe something that I would call screamo, but people would say that's not right.
  Yes.
  It's post hardcore.
  It's something like that.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  I get what this kind of thing.
  Yeah.
  I went to high school with a guy in that band.
  Oh, nice.
  Okay.
  Feather in your cap.
  Hmm.
  You know who?  Seriously.
  He probably says he goes, he went to high school with you.
  I think that's often.
  Yes.
  That's often what he said.
  One of those podcasts around.
  Yeah.
  The theme park podcast.
  So yeah.
  So I, you know, I had kind of been thinking about that time in my life because there's  this narrative that I'm not sure why it's here, but it is here where people are saying  ska is back.
  I don't know why they're saying this.
  It's unclear, but they're saying it.
  So I've been kind of like thinking about that time in my life.
  And when I was thinking about coming on this show, I'm like, oh yeah, there was a Disneyland  ska band for a while.
  So it was a fun excuse.
  And I, cause I kind of knew about them, but had never been.
  It was a fun excuse to like go down the rabbit hole on who these dudes were and like why  they were popular.
  Yeah.
  Oh sure.
  So you didn't, you didn't really go see them, but you were aware that this was like a one  of like, as this, you felt like the scene and the genre was losing steam.
  Right.
  It was gaining steam within this particular.
  Yeah.
  Like that's kind of where it thrived, you know?  And it's like, it's like the, it's, it's a funny journey for ska.
  Like it's, it started out, you know, credible.
  It was like, oh, it's this Jamaican dance music.
  And then in the eighties, it was this like, you know, British working class music that  like, you know, espoused Rachel unity.
  And now it's like, you know, 15 years later, oh, some goofballs play Disney covers at  Disneyland and a new way.
  You're a play Hakuna Matata.
  Yeah.
  Exactly.
  So yeah, anyway, it's, it's, it's funny that that's kind of where it ended up and  yeah, it was kind of like fun to fun to dig into it.
  Well, so what, what'd you think like good at getting into it?  Like, like compared to what you grew up listening to, like in terms of ska legitimacy,  the spectrum, I would not know how to judge on whatsoever.
  Yeah.
  I mean, like it is funny how, how much they fell into like the stereotype.
  Like if you were to dick on ska, what you would be thinking of is, is these guys, like  no one in the band has a Hawaiian shirt, but they all are wearing spiritual Hawaiian shirts.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  Sort of wearing currently wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
  So this is a loving, loving, a loving roast here.
  But colorful baggy.
  Untucked.
  Yeah.
  Maybe you have added a tie to your Hawaiian shirt.
  Perhaps you've added a tie.
  Anyway, I think I can sum it up.
  I was watching one of the, I was watching one of the videos of them playing Tomorrowland  Terrace and as part of the stage, as part of the stage banter, someone says, food court,  give yourself a round of applause.
  And I'm like, you know, that's it.
  That encompasses it right there.
  It's just like, yeah.
  It's who they're playing to.
  That's what it is.
  If you haven't been to Disneyland, if you don't know the specific venue, which is sort  of what we're focusing on.
  Yeah.
  It's the Tomorrowland Terrace, which would also be called the name of a quick serve at  like a, like a counter restaurant at Disneyland, which is the main spot to get disappointing  burgers.
  I have a note about like the food.
  I have always considered the food here is step up from dog food.
  Like I don't like, I give them a lot of room.
  I give them a lot of rope about like the food quality at theme parks, but I, I feel  like the most glowing review I've ever heard of Tomorrowland Terrace has been like a version  of like, it almost seemed like food that someone cooked and served.
  I have to be pretty desperate to eat at Tomorrowland Terrace.
  Literally like throw your arms in the air and go, I don't know what we're going to.
  Okay.
  Well, you're there for the music, man.
  It's not about that.
  I totally did not realize that the whole kit and caboodle was considered Tomorrowland Terrace.
  I thought it was just the counter service window, which I looked, the current menu  is actually the menu, I believe from a restaurant called Harbor Gallery over in New Orleans  square, because it's all fried fish and fried chicken.
  So I think that little hut is closed and they have moved the menu here because the  Tomorrowland Terrace menu has no identity.
  Like for a while they serve Star Wars food.
  That was abysmal.
  Like everyone's like, this sucks.
  Is this what Galaxy's Edge is going to be?  Isn't your Ronto wraps and your cool things, your bent, this is not what they figured out.
  I have not been to Galaxy's Edge yet, but the people who have been, the Ronto wrap always  comes up.
  Is that the gold standard for theme park food now?  Is the Ronto wrap the like-  Certainly up there.
  For a quick thing to get for like, you know, compared to other stuff reasonably  inexpensive thing to get, what is it?  Nine dollars?  I don't know.
  Yes, I think so.
  I think other than like maybe corndog, people love corndog.
  I'm not such a corndog person, but most people seem to like, love those corndogs.
  I think you got to like that it is something fast and easy and you can take it on the go.
  And it's like not that adventurous.
  So mom and dad can have it, but it also is kind of only at the theme park.
  So you feel like you did a thing you could only do there, which is not true of a bad  hamburger or something.
  A better notion of something you can only get at Disneyland than this thing that Defunctland  and Kevin Perger did an episode about the hand witch.
  Did you see this little spike of hand witch?  He got obsessed apparently with a mega tribute to the hand witch, which was like a,  this was a Michael Eisner invention specifically, apparently.
  Like if a sandwich was a cone, if an ice cream cone, it was a savory cone, but then it's,  you know, it's 1986.
  So it's like, it'll be full of like shrimp salad.
  Chicken a la king, baby.
  I think like this, whatever.
  I'll take the clams casino, please.
  Hot dog for the little one and I'll take the lobster thermidor hand witch.
  Sure.
  Yeah, that kind of weird, weird mayo-y, just like, you know, five kinds of bright white  things all at once.
  Not dying to have a hand witch, I gotta say, but.
  Well, they have like similar in the cozy cone, the cozy cones in Cars Land.
  They have like a new cone thing where they put chili in a cone and it's great.
  Wow.
  It's very good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, sure.
  Chili on the go.
  That's always my complaint about chili is I have to sit still to eat it.
  No, but now you have a bread cone and you can jog, jog and eat chili.
  Go on a roller coaster.
  Yeah, sure.
  Sip, just sip the chili.
  But so yeah, sort of cruddy restaurant that overlooks this concert venue.
  And the big thing about the concert venue is that you might get there at a certain hour  of the day and you see no stage.
  What do you mean a band will be here?  I can't fathom where they would be playing.
  This is just a planter.
  I hear this is where the concert is, but I don't think we were sold a bill of goods here.
  Yeah, it seems to me step one of a concert would be a stage.
  Sure.
  My end microphones and lights if you're feeling festive.
  Right.
  And I see none of that.
  But then as the concert begin, the music starts.
  You hear the music, maybe even a ladies and gentlemen so and so.
  And what you thought was a planter rises up out of the ground and that is the stage.
  Mm hmm.
  Now this has been they've had this at Disneyland since 67.
  It was part of a Tomorrowland redo.
  And this is a thing I really specifically remember my mom pointing out to me in an early  Disneyland like like not knowing it was coming, watching the rise up happened and me just  stopping in my tracks.
  What are you talking about?  This is crazy.
  My mom being very excited to share.
  Oh, yes, the stage rises out of the ground.
  So just that I don't think we've really said on the podcast.
  There is a stage that rises out of the ground.
  That is so dramatic.
  Yeah, yeah, it's really something.
  It's great.
  And in the position of theme park history, notable because it was originally a mid century  modern design designed by Roly Crump, Disney Imagineer Roly Crump recently in the news for  discussing how he occasionally partook of alcohol and marijuana gas.
  When he was cooking up in the.
  Oh, he is 90.
  I hope that doesn't make its way into a song.
  A body song that everyone could hear.
  Here's what it originally looks like.
  It is a beautiful piece of design.
  That is so rad.
  But over the years.
  Bright orange mod.
  Yeah.
  And it's funny to me because this might be just my perspective, but I feel like mid century  modern design never goes out of style.
  I'm sure it feels futuristic.
  Yeah, I'm sure it went out of fashion, but over the years, like then, OK, they put a  different topper on it for the 35th.
  Well, the 35th logo is perfect.
  It's a perfect logo.
  Whistler's mother, the birth of man and that one neon castle.
  Yes.
  Then in the late 90s starts to lose me, starts to lose me.
  What do you describe it?  It is the Disneyland Tomorrowland redo in the late 90s is like they took the worst  elements of the Disneyland from Paris and the worst elements from the Disneyland  redo in Walt Disney World and had them fight.
  Had them fight.
  And then at the very last minute, we're like, make it look like a textbook cover.
  Britannica.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then it became Club Buzz and it's really lost me.
  Oh, it looks like those those neon blue and purple pop tarts from the 90s.
  Yes.
  And a little bit of lip service at the one Club Buzz design element is the house of the  future.
  Don't spit in my mouth and call it a Sunday.
  Okay.
  Like that's not saying there's a miniature version of the old Disneyland attraction  house.
  Yeah.
  Not great to illustrate that you used the Judge Judy phrase.
  These are from Judge Judy.
  I never, I never knew where that phrase come from.
  Things got wild at Club Buzz though.
  I remember 4 a.
m.
  We're doing blow with Slinky Dog.
  Now wait a minute.
  Potato Head pulls a crack pipe out of his ass.
  And a lot of these design elements kind of came and went.
  Oh, the other big thing until the late 90s, I believe this was technically called the  Coca Cola Tomorrowland Terrace.
  Oh, right.
  Lost the sponsorship at some point.
  One of the more wholesome early sponsors that wasn't like manufacturing weapons.
  How LeBurton presents.
  But yeah, I mean, the basic facets of this venue are really awesome.
  And like similarly innovative, I feel like too that just behind it, there is a theater  in the round that actually takes you around the carousel theater that delivers you the  whole audience from different stages to different stages, which they stopped using obviously  in the late 80s or that that component of it.
  But like these two things go hand in hand to me, like like the interesting delivery  mechanisms for shows.
  We're going to deliver you to the show in a little circle.
  A show is just going to rise up out of the ground.
  And I mainly am like, why didn't more places do this?  Like to me, it's so much better than a curtain being pulled.
  Like I all concerts should have should come after this point become that it all thing  rises up out of the.
  The Hollywood Bowl should come out of the ground.
  Well, you know, Radio City Music Hall does that.
  That's the thing they have.
  I guess you have to be like the most major venue in the world to have all the hydraulics  and everything necessary.
  But red rocks should come out of the rocks.
  Yeah.
  I mean, who doesn't love the artists rising up out of the ground at the top of the.
  I mean, that feels like a pretty, you know, that's your that's your Britney Spears move.
  That's your Ninja Turtles coming out of our shelves.
  That's true.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  Yes.
  Have you all been has everyone been to a concert where the artist came out of the ground?  Maybe I haven't.
  And I'm regretting.
  That's a good question.
  Have I?  I know.
  Look, for a while, I don't think he's doing it now.
  Ray Mysterio would come out.
  Ray Mysterio Jr.
 would come out of the ground.
  He would shoot up out of the ground at wrestling at a.
  I don't know if he's doing anymore.
  He's gotten older, so I don't know.
  Harder on the knees maybe to land.
  But I can't think of I know.
  Yeah.
  Other than the turtles, I don't know if anyone came out.
  It makes sense with the turtles story wise, because they are they're coming from the sewers.
  Yes.
  Always come out of the ground.
  There's an explanation there.
  Right.
  In that sense.
  I saw a recent performance.
  Well, a lot of the late night shows were having people doing like they were doing kind of  interesting like musical performances during the pandemic.
  And they filmed Phoebe Bridgers doing a song like walking through a theater in L.
A.
  And they followed her all the way like backstage onto the platform that raises up out of the  grass.
  So you got to see from like over her shoulder coming up with that perspective was cool.
  The camera followed her onto the platform and.
  Yeah.
  Neat.
  Well, anyway, everyone should do it.
  I don't care if Jackson Brown should do it.
  The band Alabama should do it up out of the ground.
  Three tenors.
  Yeah.
  Olivia Rodrigo.
  That would be awesome.
  Yeah.
  Everybody just just go for it.
  L.
A.
  Lazy.
  Philharmonic.
  The entire.
  Yes.
  But separate ones.
  Separate tubes.
  Yeah.
  They each have their own platform.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And they should like get some airtime like Ray Mysterio.
  You have to do.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Not just.
  With their instruments.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Raise them up.
  Someone hits the cellist with a folding chair.
  Because you're going to look it's boring to see a film.
  How many over the court.
  So for the course of this thing's life for all the time it's been  rising and falling.
  How many times do you think Disneyland has had to cover up a crushed keytar player.
  It's a good question.
  They've had accident other weird accidents but not here I don't think.
  Not.
  Well we don't but we don't know.
  We don't know.
  Yeah.
  So you're saying this has just been so on the down low.
  So yeah.
  Yeah.
  It was a singer they might have to own up to it but if it's someone unimportant.
  Bass player or a third horn player.
  Did.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And with like.
  And if it was if we are using the scobin as an example.
  You can take out a couple of horn players people wouldn't even know.
  Like most of the band is still there.
  They always they bring extra.
  Yeah.
  I bet it's something cute like the Beatles cover band.
  Somebody got their John Lennon wig caught.
  The way I get the way I got caught or the sergeant pepper.
  Oh yeah.
  Outfit like.
  Too many dangles.
  The 50s dads were right they should have cut their hair.
  Exactly.
  Their hair was too long.
  It's a safety issue more than anything.
  That's right.
  I feel like I have seen a Beatles cover band on that stage.
  Yes I have photos of them if you'd like to see.
  Do they look like some guys but in a wig and a mustache.
  It's my favorite thing is these Beatles cover bands and they're like good they sound good.
  Hold on sorry I wasn't prepared.
  Anything in the Beatles do you have to clean up for.
  I mean I guess you have like vague drug references.
  Yeah.
  It's still Lucy in the Sky with Donuts.
  I guess it's still a D.
  Still LSD.
  Here they are.
  Hard days.
  I want to do Run for Your Life.
  Hard days night.
  Right.
  Here they are.
  Wow.
  Hey guys.
  In the Sergeant Pepper's outfits.
  Why are you showing us the photo though?  That's a picture of four guys basically.
  But they're in the outfits.
  They're wearing the outfits.
  They're wearing the outfits.
  I love the Beatles.
  I know a Beatles band is going to wear the outfit.
  Was I going to be surprised by that?  Yeah but it's funny because look at them they're like in the costumes.
  Yeah.
  Wigs aren't that good.
  All right we'll do a poll is this funny.
  This is funny.
  I think it's funny.
  Jason is it funny you could be honest.
  I've just seen I've seen a bit what a Beatles band looks like.
  I haven't seen.
  Is this the next is this the next is Aladar cute.
  Is it funny.
  I want to see a hard day's night run into another Beatles cover band.
  Well they do hard days night does all the different eras too.
  So they're on the top they're doing the.
  They got the suits.
  The let it be.
  They got the let it be.
  Yeah.
  Yeah so.
  So they they're chameleons.
  They could they could be any of them.
  Exactly.
  Wow.
  They are chameleons.
  Again I feel like every Beatles band has multiple costumes.
  I'm not sure.
  But you gotta think there's Beatles cover bands who like we only do the pre.
  It's like a Sullivan era.
  Yeah yeah yeah sure.
  Right right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah before they got like Trippier.
  No nothing after Norwegian Wood.
  Yeah.
  We only do John and Paul's like cocaine fucked up jams in 1976 that are unlistening even  though it's them.
  Yeah that's or the outtakes of on the one anthology.
  The like 15 second outtakes and stuff.
  That's what they were somebody tripped and the drums knocked over.
  Yeah yeah Ringo starts cursing.
  Covers of studio accidents.
  They all take a minute to masturbate in front of each other.
  Yes.
  Remember when that happened.
  That was a news cycle Ringo said he wasn't there.
  Oh yeah I do.
  Yeah right.
  That's kind of like back in the news because Ringo's.
  Right saying he didn't do it.
  Ringo said he did not masturbate with the rest of the Beatles.
  Yeah I forgot all this was this like a stern revelation.
  When did we discover.
  I don't maybe I don't remember I feel like Paul said it somewhere else.
  I think Paul said.
  Paul was promoting that song he he made for Destiny right.
  Was it on that.
  Hope for the future.
  That probably right.
  I mean he has a lot of different he has of course his children's book Hey Grand Dude  that he could have been promoting.
  I don't think he would have said that during that press but there's a lot you know he's  got a lot of things going on so I'm not sure.
  But yes anyway he masturbated with John and I guess George.
  And any of the tribute bands will do you just gotta pay him extra.
  Yeah.
  Ringo when Ringo was saying this when this came out was he saying it in a way that like  hey you know I that wasn't me or I wasn't invited and I I'm a little sad about it.
  I think he was saying it was I think he was I mean it'd be funny maybe he was trying to  like put up a brave like a front of like no I didn't want to be there.
  Sure.
  I'm glad I wasn't there.
  I'm glad I wasn't there but like he was inside he was a little bit upset.
  Right.
  He wanted to see John's dog.
  I mean I wasn't busy I could have stopped by but.
  In the apartment just below.
  I heard I heard the splatters.
  The only perk Pete Best has over me.
  They invited him back years later.
  Right he was out of the band.
  Oh really John Paul.
  Yeah I'm available.
  Oh not to be in the band again.
  I'll get my instruments.
  Swing by get some magazines.
  Swing by hotel lobby pick up some magazines.
  Bring your impressive load.
  That was George right.
  Grosser than the show usually is.
  Well yeah after the warning at the beginning.
  That's right.
  Roll baby.
  That's rock and roll.
  Sunset strip the whiskey.
  Yes.
  My go to for rock and roll.
  The things are a little tamer at the Tomorrowland Terrace.
  Yeah they are.
  They don't do that.
  I think I remember there being like a Devo style band there.
  At the height of my Disneyland attendance where they all wore like silver jumpsuits  and a lot of key tars.
  Yeah sure that makes sense.
  I feel like yeah now these days you get a lot of like you know they do Louie Louie or they do  Queen or sort of like you know the 10 most famous rock songs.
  I watched a concert I watched one that was like a lot of like headset microphone headset wearers  all running around stage and like handing out tambourines to the audience.
  This was the instant replay.
  It was instant replay okay yeah.
  So they got the audience involved in the show which felt very lazy to me.
  You have a drummer you know they should be carrying.
  Yeah don't make these kids do it.
  You know it's.
  It's on there to relax.
  It's probably the same principle or the same strategy that people when they're canvassing  outside a grocery store use where they hand you a binder to keep you there.
  Oh right.
  They hand you the tambourine so you can't leave because you got to give it back and  they won't take it back so you get stuck to make sure.
  You'll ruin the show.
  Yeah exactly so it's more maybe more of just an audience control thing.
  Ending with like here's our fun Louie Louie cover and then as soon as it's over like  all right we need him back.
  And number all right number nine I'm not seeing number nine.
  Did you break out did he sneak off to smash mountain splash mountain did anyone see him.
  Smash mountain sounds good.
  Smash mountain.
  Is it smash mouth.
  It's a co-branding opportunity.
  You know how sometimes they'll put red hot chili peppers on space mountain.
  Wow.
  Are you talking about.
  Oh it's so it's a smash mouth.
  Oh yes I thought that's.
  Yeah so put smash mouth on splash.
  It's not the mbc smash Jason.
  It's smash mouth.
  Well you know I'd love some Broadway show tunes.
  Maybe just as a little bridge between the song of the south stuff and princess and the  frog just as a little bridge while we're changing it over smash mouth.
  Take all the robots and the actual elements of it I believe the log flume and just have  lights flashing and play.
  Yeah I can't get enough of you baby.
  He's like kind of doing an english accent but not really.
  He's kind of like might as well be writing on a log.
  Yeah I think that's a good bridge to really ease the super fans out of those people that.
  Yeah yeah.
  Flash mountain favorite band they saw it's Sturgis in the middle of the pandemic.
  Remember when we all got covid while listening to this.
  Yeah.
  Now I'm not mad that Disneyland is too woke.
  They get it.
  They get it.
  Have we heard from Disneyland is too woke guy since his whole moment.
  You mean the one that one article that everyone noticed.
  The like.
  The guy pushing for the death penalty in his day job as a district attorney.
  Yeah he's like a murder lawyer basically.
  No but don't worry if you go on Twitter or any other internet forum there's hundreds  of dudes just like him and so you know they're out there you know.
  But we all can agree that we love Smash Mouth.
  Yeah yeah.
  Hey now you're a log flume.
  Get it going fans are if we if we get Twitter chatter.
  Listen guys I'm not writing the rest of this.
  Hey I hate to.
  Steve to do.
  I hate to I hate to bring keep this bit going but I have to just  flex with my knowledge of the name of the album.
  They should put it in Tomorrowland because their album is called Astro Lounge.
  Right.
  They should change pizza port into Astro Lounge.
  They should.
  I would encourage them to not delay but to act now.
  Yes so that's what I would like.
  Might as well be ordering some fries.
  Breadsticks.
  Yeah don't change the menu on the Astro Lounge.
  Yeah.
  This is actually the current bands that play or hopefully will start playing again  at Tomorrowland Terrace.
  They should be pushing that to like go order some fish like.
  Oh right.
  Do we have some songs that.
  Like songs with fit like they put the menu items in the.
  They just slip in like you know something about the lobster roll like Tomorrowland lobster roll.
  That's yeah that's that's a good Jimmy Buffett does.
  Yeah absolutely.
  He puts his products in there.
  How long is there any precedent for like name bands playing that stage like not a cover band  but like a band you would pay to see otherwise.
  I found some information that the police played.
  Really.
  This might have come up when we did our Patreon Rockin Moments episode.
  I think that they may have because they have some story that involves the stage rising up  which implies well it must be there or if it wasn't there  I think the stage has rising capabilities in or did at one point in time in Florida as well.
  It does the sunny hill stage.
  Can rise.
  Can rise which I saw the video.
  Robot lounge singer who is always they used to have different bands in Disney World at this one  restaurant and then they essentially replaced it all with one robotic lounge singer who has  he was backed up by backup singers called the Space Angels who are invisible.
  They aren't there.
  There are no robots of them.
  And that's justified by the angel thing.
  Gotcha.
  But yeah if they.
  Not in this is not a Star Wars thing like this is not they're not part of a IP right.
  No it's an original IP.
  Yeah original from whole cloth thing that we love very much.
  Sure.
  But what were you saying about the police?  Yeah I got there's no video of it but I think the police put there's also some confusion on  documenting because then there was the Tomorrowland stage.
  Yes which opened the same year also open in 67.
  Right.
  And replaced the flying saucers and now it's where like Space Mountain stuff is.
  Right and that the bigger acts played that stage.
  Yeah.
  So like there's more documentation of like you know the raspberries Tony Orlando I'm seeing here.
  Paul Revere and the Raider like the spinners.
  Yeah.
  Like big stuff big big bands.
  They would have decent bands.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  I found a brochure.
  Let me find this for Grad night 84 which you can imagine aesthetically I am super into presented  by K rock.
  Now that old K rock logo so fantastic.
  Yeah great.
  This brochure is so great.
  They because I was looking for proof that Sparks one of my favorite bands currently having a  moment with the Edgar Wright documentary.
  I had heard that they played at Disneyland at some point and it was probably that stage.
  Then I found this thing Sparks played all grad night dates in 84.
  They were there how single night and that's multiple shows and they'd had pseudo hit as  much as Sparks ever had hits.
  Yeah.
  Sparks is that's a that's like a weirder artier choice.
  I mean maybe I don't know enough about Sparks but you wouldn't think that like a right a  Disney grad night put on by a like mainstream radio station wouldn't have maybe they would.
  Maybe I'm unclear.
  Wouldn't have the artists wouldn't have the people who just put up the album angst in  my pants.
  Right.
  That was too that would be too much of a stretch for them but they'd also but that album has a  song called Mickey Mouse so they may have they may have played into it.
  It was just the yeah the first thought someone had.
  Like all right if they're willing all right they are mean to Mickey Mouse in it.
  All right.
  The they're also though back in the day they were not I don't think scrutinizing things as hard  because we've got the Halex we've talked about of course on the show and now of course there's a  documentary about the space band.
  Are you familiar with this Jordan?  I'm not no basically like Disney create like created their own Star Wars rock band.
  Okay.
  And they played the they played this other bigger stage.
  They played the space.
  Okay the Tomorrowland stage became the space stage.
  Right.
  Which then became the Magic Eye Theater where you would see Captain EO or Honey I Shrunk the  Audience.
  So there's like you would see like a guy that was an off-brand wookie like shredding a bass  basically.
  Right.
  And a keyboard player whose keyboard was built into like a cart that he would drive around  and he looks like a robot.
  So it looks like part of his weird like on the move robot mechanism.
  Yeah.
  It's a very cool band.
  I've like Tomorrowland bands I feel like we have to talk about Halex for a sec but I don't  have anything else to say about them because this documentary that we helped inspire like  actually they like covered so much more than we ever would have.
  We started like oh that sounds interesting as a wookie band.
  Okay.
  And then Matt Serrano does like the most amount of work and research that could ever be done.
  Do you think you can get them to reunite for PTR Con?  Well they're not all living which is a problem.
  But who was the remaining reunited?  They all like talked at least on a Zoom or something.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  They did a Zoom.
  And Mike Post called us a bunch of dorks.
  Yeah.
  That was something.
  TV legend Mike Post called us.
  Wait called us specifically?  Well he's like I never thought a bunch of dorks would rediscover this.
  And then in the documentary it cuts to our logo and the music right after that.
  Nice.
  Oh that's right.
  It's editing.
  He didn't maybe necessarily look at pictures of us and get mad.
  Not exactly us.
  But maybe he knew.
  The magic of the movies.
  It should be your guys just like pull quote you know a bunch of dorks.
  A bunch of dorks.
  Guy who did the law and order sting.
  Trillionaire who did the law and order sting.
  Yeah the man who strung together the two most influential notes in television.
  Richer than Jeff Bezos.
  So all that to say is that they had they played they have one of their signature  Halyx songs was called Jailbait.
  So obviously people were not paying so.
  Halyx.
  Was that like was he talking about like a Star Wars jail?  Like no.
  Was it prison on the Death Star?  It was about the dog and the key.
  The Pirates of the Caribbean.
  Yeah you have to bait the dog to get out of jail.
  Yeah that's true.
  The dog who just turned 18.
  Here's his document C it's fine.
  Yeah.
  Yeah so they talk about how weird it is in the documentary.
  But yeah they were not scrutinizing so like maybe just somebody was like hip and was like  oh Sparks is cool.
  But let me say on the scrutinizing front that then you go like that seems like a big or like  you know a cheap trick play like the huge lineup for Gradonite 84.
  But they were scrutinizing in another area because then you go to it's it's really like  in association with K-Rock it's the greatest party around an outrageous evening of music blah blah.
  Then the very next page dress code.
  Vental man make sure you're in a suit blazer and dress slacks.
  And it is like really.
  Outrageous.
  Was what?  Not even just there's a dress code be aware.
  Wow.
  But like like a very cool design by the way.
  Wow yeah.
  It's like big pink and purple stripes.
  Yeah.
  But yeah this is page two of the come to the hottest teen party around.
  But do make sure you are dressed sensibly that skirt and bowels are ensemble for the ladies.
  Make sure your pants have pleats in them.
  Make sure they're starched.
  Get a ruler out.
  Space those pleats out evenly.
  Let's hide those slutty ankles ladies.
  There's still one or two fine dining restaurants at Disney World.
  I don't know about Disneyland maybe in the hotels where there is a dress code but it's  literally just like hey don't be a slob maybe like change between the park and coming here.
  Have a t-shirt that fits.
  Yeah basically.
  Yeah.
  Both sleeves please.
  Yeah.
  You can also you can tell this is specifically from  Grad Nite 84 because they feel the need in the unacceptable attire area to mention bolo ties.
  And windbreakers.
  No bolo ties.
  No no bolo ties good bolo ties no.
  What is this a rodeo?  That means like little Jimmy Dickens wouldn't have been allowed in.
  Yeah this is an outrageous Grad Nite not a square dance.
  Conrad Hilton turned away at the door.
  Could not see his granddaughter Paris go to Grad Nite.
  He is a good-notshaperoon.
  Disney just changed a lot of the rules about what people were allowed to wear in the parks.
  Are bolo ties now allowed?  Oh yeah right.
  I hope.
  Cast members have tattoos or wear bolo ties.
  That's right because yeah that's what people wanted for a long time.
  Frontierland you'd have to think in some places.
  Yeah you'd assume yeah.
  Who knows.
  I feel like we should say you know I don't know if you've heard this but I had heard over the years  that like their Disneyland management it was very conflicted about Tomorrowland becoming like  the teen loiter hangout spot like the replacement like you know rather than go to the mall maybe  you just go to Disneyland on Friday nights and Saturday nights and just hang out there  because passes were still pretty cheap.
  There were a lot of bands like you know a lot of people would do this and then they were like  oh the 50th anniversary is coming up and we want young people coming and but we want more people  who spend money coming because they come and they don't buy anything or like they share one with  or fries so I feel like I had always heard that they were kind of like oh god these teens are  might be more trouble than they're worth.
  I definitely had a summer in high school that was my like Disneyland hangout summer.
  Yeah.
  Yeah I think yeah I think the passes were you know I don't remember what they cost but maybe the  maybe the reason why everyone had them was because they were cheaper than they are now  and yeah I mean we would just go and like we would just go and like dick around.
  Yeah.
  Yeah because they I mean they stopped they had Videopolis the nightclub for a while.
  Right.
  And then they're like well this is definitely more trouble than it's worth so they shut that  down and then I think some people just migrated over to the Tomorrowland Terrace area hanging out  there.
  But of course but by the early 2000s like I don't I think it's been many decades since they've had  a band that a teenager would want to see like truly that video that I saw of the tambourines  being passed out was like I would say that's an all-boomer crowd.
  I mean they're pretty lit up when she when she says yeah go tambourine team  but it's but notably not tambourine teens.
  Right.
  Oh yeah at that stage and I mean that stage is also used for the Star Wars Jedi Academy  so it's really it's catering to the over 55 crowd and the under five crowd.
  It's a picture of the Jedi Academy popped up when I was just Googling this place.
  Yeah.
  And like you know you have a Darth Vader and you have some stormtroopers and then you have  a bunch of like like five-year-olds.
  Yeah little kids.
  Who they've put the Jedi robes on and it reminds me so much of the scene from episode three where  Anakin slaughters the younglings.
  Like you're just dressing up these younglings and putting them right in front of Anakin.
  They're gonna get.
  You're 100% correct.
  If there was another I'm trying there's got to be another like example of like a character that  has just done something awful and then putting like.
  Putting teenagers in front of helix you don't do that.
  Just show Anakin a bunch of younglings.
  Yeah that no you're right that's crazy.
  Asking for a slaughter.
  That's a crazy thing to do.
  But the kids in the robes are really cute.
  It's like yeah.
  And I'm sure that's a tambourine thing where you get it you get the robe passed out and then.
  That thing seems.
  Collects it after the show.
  Oh yes yes yes yeah no you're not giving you that was that was cute and everything but let's.
  Yeah yeah yeah come on.
  Bob Shave Bank collects the robes after.
  We need the robes man they're covered in mites but we need the robes.
  We have to spray the robes for mites.
  We gotta degalze.
  Yeah a lot of itchy younglings coming out of Disneyland.
  Let me see I just here I'm just going to shout out some things in the history of you know you get.
  You Jason you showed that very mod photo with the Raleigh Crump topper and that's a lot of what played there.
  In the 60s and the 70s was a lot of things you put in the category of like.
  Today's sounds like happen in tunes for the young people and often with like just the.
  The list is pretty fantastic they are like it's like they're trying to like express the modern.
  Feel of it via artists that I'm sure are like drastically watered down Rolling Stones like it's all like crushed velvet it's all Austin Powers style suits.
  Despite it being like 1979 yeah let's see we got pop peri the new establishment the blandest name I could think of entertainment committee.
  I love that entertainment committee is great.
  I love that entertainment committee is great.
  That almost sounds like post punk like that feel like that like you know public image limited like.
  Well the way that was like a like attempting to be obtuse like I don't know you tell us what it is.
  Gang of four had that album entertainment I was thinking like and the ideas is like oh this is like deconstructing what like.
  What like music is you know yeah yeah sure anyway I.
  Remind me of extremely clinical and on the nose yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  It's the same sort of phenomenon where like if a British rock music gets close enough to the event horizon.
  They're going to put out like a music hall record like like inspired sure like whatever that some of the kinks albums where it's like oh this is a quite rock.
  I feel like Elvis Costello does that every three years oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't know what any of this in McCartney to they're all obsessed with this.
  Music call these like warblers I love you I'm not sure what that's how that's how we sound now when we talk about music from the 60s and 70s.
  It's all just like residual death of the British Empire madness I know we were talking about this before you got here it's just like yeah.
  All there's a lot of weird stuff in Britain and I think it's all just like they gave up being the empire that ruled the world they ceded it to America and the.
  20th century rock and roll guys have to warble now they.
  That's how they cope with it happens with the sun is set on your empire you warble you warble as the sun sets.
  Scott what do you know anything about that that YouTube video I sent you earlier today do you know that band what their deal was not really I saw that they they played this grad night 84.
  Where they they fit in really well like I'm almost like should I play this or where it probably shouldn't it's the quality is pretty bad but like.
  Yeah Jordan you see passed along video this I believe was from 83 the stage is rising out of the ground the voice of Disneyland Jack Wagner of the classic announcer guy there I can tell it's him now said.
  Ladies and gentlemen Disneyland proudly presents crash and it's crash with a K and they put the name up top and they rise up and are jamming out to Toto's Rosanna yes in 83 I watched this video yes that is the as.
  Jordan you texted me exactly what I thought when I saw it which is this is my vibe distilled like exactly what is like so perfectly.
  The other core here your core I'll take it and what I was so interesting about that and yeah and like it's it's filled on it's filled on a camcorder but occasionally helps to to make things a little more dramatic whoever's operating it will like zoom in and out kind of fast.
  And I think it goes into like negative vision at some point oh those in camera effects yeah man I love those and I started to miss around with camera I was thinking when I was watching them like Oh, this is the most.
  This is you know arguably the most 80s artifact that exists is this thing here but it's happened in 83 was this cool when they were doing it like so early in the 80s I'm like is this is this thing that they're doing was this actually cool at the time or was it.
  Dork I don't think it was so out of step and it was not like they're dressed in sort of the more like muted you know browns and leathers manner of the of the early 80s and not the like.
  The hyper 80s the gross 80s it's not to melody I think maybe that's some of what I like about total or that sort of scene the sort of a war kind of stuff is it's not like.
  It's it's not 80s times 80s times cocaine yeah yeah yeah it's not like Halloween costume 80s but you also like it's perfect for me too because you have it's not only like.
  That I mean the whole set list is up my alley it's separate ways it's Lionel Richie running with the night they threw it at this a song at the end I didn't even know what it was and I looked it up and it was wham it was a bad song called bad boys by Wham.
  Yeah I don't know that some deeper love the slightly deeper wham pretty good this is crazy that in less than 20 years they got to this point because the other state the tomorrow land stage had like country music Jubilee and another review called show me America.
  Oh boy and all straw hats and I got I like some real corny bullshit I like some real corny bullshit but I draw the line at like hurray for America kind of review.
  Which cuts out a lot of theme park content over the course of 70 years you guys never go to Branson you guys can never do your Branson ordeal.
  Will be in Branson it's come up but it's like oh man.
  I'm gonna get right out of Branson for being too mouthy.
  Joe Rogan went to Austin podcasting.
  You can say whatever you want to without snowflakes.
  Free speech won't be infringed.
  Thank you yeah we can be inquisitive in Branson.
  Yeah look I'm just gonna say I don't know if you're supposed to say this these days but I think Barry's William's pretty good singer.
  Whoa.
  Go ahead cancel me Hollywood elites.
  You say it I you know what I think the comedy of Yakov Smirnoff is funny.
  Cancel me America.
  A few days in Branson everyone's exhausted because every show you have to stand up and salute for some reason.
  Have you guys seen the Branson documentary have you seen We Only Lie to Strangers?  No.
  Oh no.
  Oh it's great.
  Yeah it's about the dark underbelly of Branson.
  Oh that sounds really.
  Yeah and they hit you with the title kind of at the very end of the movie and you kind of you can kind of see what it means it's great.
  Oh wow.
  We Always Lie to Strangers?  We Only Lie to Strangers maybe am I maybe I'm getting that a little bit wrong.
  Anyway.
  Oh I don't know but I don't like seedy underbellies.
  Yeah no we want to keep it.
  I want happy overbellies.
  Seedy underbellies a little bit wrong the I guess the like the I guess the like the the pain behind the fireworks.
  We yeah we always lie to strangers.
  Yeah.
  I see.
  It's killer I think you guys would love it.
  I gotta watch.
  That's really good.
  Yeah so it's not like there's not like people aren't ODing it's like what what when they when they go out and they put on the happy America face what's actually going on.
  So funny that you're like trying to soften it for like oh is it gonna be too dark.
  I know.
  Does it touch on I forget who talked about this but where I heard it might have been the best show might have been something else there's a video online of Yakov Smirnov talking about his theater and it's like and it's the chair has a little trick like a  school like a lecture hall it has a little desk built in and then the food trays are magnet like they're metal but the right the tables are magnetic so you don't have to worry about knocking your food.
  What.
  This is Yakov Smirnov.
  Reinventing yeah.
  The reinventing the like canceling out the possibility of food spilling in a live concert I saw.
  Right.
  The number one issue yeah.
  Greatest innovation since the hand which.
  John Magnetic School tray John Taffer would go in there and go no notes perfect don't shut it down.
  I usually say shut it down but now time to dry clean my one sport coat I got my afternoon free now.
  It's a job Taffer running errands.
  Finally I can go to the bank call my aunt.
  But I like just to go back to this this crash for the K thing I mean perfect name playing music I dig it it does feel it doesn't feel like I don't know if there's any of this considered cool but it does feel accurately like 83.
  Yeah.
  Mixed with that by the way the stage is rising up the carousel theater just behind it is spinning around you got skyway buckets flying by you got people mover cruising around and rockers.
  It's all these things that aren't there and then the but the monorail and things that are there this is we've let like half of these Tomorrowland kinetic energy things we bring it up all the time.
  Yeah.
  I didn't realize the stage is one of them too so just makes this video so great that it's these it's things that aren't there anymore rides that aren't there anymore playing music I dig this is some peak 83 this might be time travel why this would be one of the spots I'd go I go to this Tomorrowland 83.
  But if at some point people are looking at the video and they can see you walk through the frame he did it he got there.
  He died shortly after.
  Right sucked into a time displacement vortex crushed.
  But he had the happiest 10 minutes ever that mixed with let me say this too that I watched another another band that played in Tomorrowland a lot called polo and polo is like.
  Not not as much my 80s vibe as crash they're a little more like Flaca Seagulls hair but pretty like right on with what music was and I watched a little like news report about polo it's the new band that's rising up out of Anaheim they apparently made waves at knots and then got stolen away by Disneyland legitimately built a following that Disney this is in like 85 or so.
  Like I think got some local radio airplay the drummer for polo Josh freeze you know Josh freeze very well yes so I was friends with his half brother in high school.
  Josh freeze went on to drum for the Vandals yeah yeah yeah who's like one of my like favorite high school bands so we would get into Vandals shows for free because I knew Josh's brother Travis oh wow oh that's crazy.
  Orange County celebrity he's drum for like everybody he's like yeah going through the list nine inch nails I think.
  Gweezer for a long time drums on the new Danny Elfman album.
  Is that true yeah yeah Danny Elfman has a very weird very cool new like album it's on like anti records done on done during quarantine so he didn't have access to orchestra and all of the flourishes so it's like a it's like a pared down Danny Elfman record.
  Oh I don't know good question I don't know yeah I only was funny I only heard a couple of the I only watched a couple of the videos which are very weird but they're great.
  It's cool he's done that but anyway like such a legit drummer like I guess what I'm saying is at least in the 80s and in the case of suburban legends there have been times where like bands the main place that they play like their home club.
  Is this stage or somewhere else right at Disneyland and I do I think they had CBGB.
  And we had this the stage that rises out of the ground and I I don't know I think maybe what I'm getting at is Disneyland I just think it's neat and I think Disneyland should not go.
  So hard into the only Bon Jovi covers kinds of bands to where it isn't possible for like something that's vaguely current to play at Disneyland maybe like that's maybe maybe it's impossible to think that something in 2021 that's vaguely cool.
  Could play at Disneyland but like I don't know it did it's like they regressed in this area you know like bands were actually a little cooler there at one time.
  Well we've talked about this before too that does feel like it goes in and out and I don't know you know a different theme park thing that does more research than us could actually like maybe track.
  Like when Disneyland is hip like there should be like a hip meter because I get the sense that when Disneyland opens their marketing to like cool young adults to go down and there's jazz music and they might have Louis Armstrong or something playing and like.
  Have your self a phosphate.
  Yeah it's like that's a click it seems like it was really cool to go there at the time and then the 80s this does all and when they're doing Halyx that also seems like they're interested in like current cutting edge what is going on with.
  I feel like 81 it's not so out of step it's not now anything is like 25 years past when it was it would have felt current.
  In the 90s I think that was whatever there's probably a real hard thing Videopolis like because Videopolis itself is also the idea of like young people get them here what they like we're going to play music that but then now it's like no thing like whatever is whatever music can comfortably play in a Ralph's.
  You know like that might even be too much we need it to be like a Ralph's from 25 years ago.
  I saw a recent Tomorrowland band play and I don't remember their name I don't really remember anything about it because it was just so generic and I think I think I had it on for a little bit and heard three Coldplay songs.
  And this is from like four years ago yeah so I think that's where they're at and look at you're going to think I'm trying to.
  Talk about Mad Tea parties more and I'm just going to make a point is that I think the closest thing you'll get to current hip stuff is when they do some sort of electronica electron electronica festival where they play like how like house music or electronic music and the same thing with DJ White Rabbit would take the stage.
  That's probably the closest you'll get to like what a young person is like maybe on the cutting edge of some type of music.
  Well you but you the one thing we hadn't really talked about you I feel like would pass by Tomorrowland Terrace a number of years like five or six years ago I feel like you happen to be at the park a number of times where like there's a band playing at Tomorrowland Terrace and Max from the Goofy movie is dancing to Gangnam Style.
  I don't think we've ever seen Max from Goof Troops dancing to Gangnam Style.
  Something or like Mr.
 Incredible was dancing.
  Have I seen the country bears dancing in the last three years and did I run over to them and take photos with them.
  Am I wearing the shirt I might have been wearing when that happened very possible.
  A shirt which is.
  Is Greedo it's a Star Wars Greedo shirt.
  But you're also talking about the Disney ticketed event their 80s night Lindsay and I went to right before the pandemic where we got to see Totally Mini on this stage on this area.
  Right.
  Oh that was in this spot.
  This was in this spot.
  I don't think the stage was actually elevated but this was in the spot where Mini Donald Goofy all in their 80s outfits came out and danced to 80s songs and the song Totally Mini which is a good song and Lindsay and I hung around dancing with the characters in this area.
  45 minutes and then Doug Jones shows up and he's like yeah hey.
  So that those things I remember I don't remember if there was a character like Max they do once in a while yes have little characters run around.
  Characters next to the band.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  And the character dances a little and then wanders into the crowd a little.
  Which is bait for me for sure.
  If the characters are like easily accessible and dancing sign me up please.
  So yeah that that's still I wouldn't say that's hip or cutting edge I would say that.
  No no that's just a different flavor of thing that goes on at the stage that we hadn't really been.
  Yeah random odd dance party it's it's hard to quantify like what it is that happens there now exactly there are bands they do happen it is like if I've had a couple drinks I will for sure go over and like dance around for a second for whatever it is.
  Yeah.
  Some like weird some cover of good vibrations is used but what's vaguely in my head.
  Yeah but I don't like also like with I mean there are pop charts still I mean like Taylor Swift is popular right like that would be something you would be playing.
  Yeah I guess.
  I'm just trying to think of like what else.
  They're up to shake it off they're not playing the like moodier.
  Right they're not they're not at Indie Rock Taylor Swift yeah they're still at Pop Branch out.
  They're not at the Red Re-Record.
  Yeah.
  None of the stuff with Bony Vare.
  No.
  They would know.
  No.
  Nothing is even close to Bony Vare.
  His reverb level at Disney Bob Chapek would flip his lid.
  Olivia Rodrigo probably too bawdy those songs.
  Probably too bawdy despite the fact that she was is or was a cast member on their high school musical the musical Disney Plus show.
  Yeah the new Lord song maybe.
  Maybe.
  It's a little pop you're a little more it feels a little more George Michael to me honestly than the old Lord.
  Probably a Miley Cyrus cut off too there's like a Miley that would play but maybe not.
  Yeah.
  You know her.
  Right.
  Her body or material.
  Of course.
  Yeah.
  She's not visible anywhere.
  Right.
  Shocking tongue out of the mouth.
  Sure with her tongue sticking out like.
  Yes sure.
  Like a Rolling Stone logo.
  Like a Rolling Stone logo the most bawdy of logos.
  Mike do you think would second level reunite to play the Tomorrowland stage do you think you could get those guys to.
  Like take a week off of a job a real job they have.
  Yeah.
  Come to Tomorrowland play the reason with me.
  We did not ever cover who besides the reason.
  I haven't talked to some I haven't talked to them in a little while I don't know they would maybe be up for that.
  Guess what.
  Vodcast the ride bands reunited our new here bring the cameras in.
  All right.
  We have what if I said we've contacted every other member of.
  Wow.
  Second level.
  And they've learned the reason they already know it.
  Yeah.
  They're waiting in a jam jamming on it for weeks.
  I'll learn I can learn it fast.
  What did you do you remember any could you sing a couplet of a second level song.
  Do you ask me for a cover an original.
  Yeah an original.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's when we rocked the house.
  Oh wait a minute we never got out.
  I think you said this one on the show I guess I've heard this one before.
  Yeah.
  We did my friend.
  OK so.
  I'll see you have to sing it if you know the melody of the sing it.
  Hold on hold the microphone.
  Whoa.
  Oh my God.
  Hold on.
  Whoa this is like the concert stage rising up in Tomorrowland.
  Somebody hold this.
  A guitar is wait how do we do this.
  I didn't play guitar in the band but I can't do we need to do we need to rig up to somebody  need to take you keep them.
  No no you need to stand.
  Yeah.
  Hold on here.
  Wait here we'll get it out.
  Yeah.
  Edit this out.
  Yeah.
  And we've rearranged our usual microphone set up Jordan.
  It's got to be a thrill to watch this live concert happening.
  I can't spool in front of you.
  Yeah.
  I mean this is like like Woodstock for me.
  I'm going to say I'm going to tell all my grandkids.
  I will probably be as sloppy as Woodstock often was.
  If you remember when Mike Carlson played the second level song you weren't even there.
  I feel really bad.
  I will I will do like a live show I will have this rehearsed at a certain point too.
  No no no.
  No it's only two songs.
  It's okay.
  That's what got you guys into the talent show rawness.
  Yeah so basically I'm going to try to play like what the verse sound like  and then I'm just going to do like the chorus of it.
  Okay.
  Wait and Jason you want to hear intro.
  What's this song called?  This song is called Rock the House Jason.
  All right we're here.
  We got Mike Carlson from second level here with his hit song Rock the House.
  Take it away Mike.
  Okay so here's here's what I remember.
  I think it would be go around like something like this so like we kind of like playing like  that would be like kind of the groove you're thinking like in the drums like a red hot  chili pepper style thing and then the chorus would be like that's when we rock the house.
  Oh wait a minute we never got out.
  Oh come on can't you see all those people they were looking at me.
  Yeah so like that's the that would be the gist of the chorus.
  I apologize for how sloppy it was.
  Whoa wow no apologies necessary.
  We never got out and then what was that second line?  Oh oh can't oh come on can't you see all those people they were looking at me.
  Yeah well one thing's for certain this crowd is going home tonight separately alone to pray  and read magazines.
  That was great I can see how that would have fucking killed at that venue that fallout boy  also played.
  Yeah and we were was not sophisticated like the other band that we beat out  because we were more accessible.
  Too self-important.
  Yeah I remember when we did the variety show when we were doing the variety show I remember  I also did a comedy sketch in the show and my bandmates were mad at me because they thought  it was going to ruin the integrity of the Foo Fighters dress up in costumes and  wait exactly why we love the Foo Fighters.
  Exactly so wow that's a snippet I will play I will learn it re-learn it and I'll play it  at a certain point for everyone.
  Okay fictional PTR con that I'm always booking in my head.
  Yeah sure second level reunion.
  Yeah we had what was it what was our con called why can't I remember that.
  Did we have one?  Well the one across from the oh we actually did it oh yeah yeah yeah we had a name for it.
  Yeah you're right D23 that was our PTR 23.
  PTR 23 yeah.
  Doesn't necessarily apply so yeah yeah no we can we can PTR.
  But you know look have I floated the idea of an all music show for podcast or it I certainly  have internally so I'd like to get some of the groundswell energy here.
  Like there would be a lot of support for that.
  Have Jason and Mike or Jason and Scott been slightly skeptical?  That's right that's why I'm going to the people that's why I'm going to the people.
  That's why I'm taking a right to the people.
  Appealing straight to the audience.
  Are those Beatles costumes funny do you want to hear?  Will we wear the Beatles costumes and will you laugh at them because I think the answer is yes.
  I have requested at least one or two outings where I talk on a stage before I get to singing on a  stage getting back to regular life I believe.
  Jason needs a lot of warm up time on stage.
  I need to get my ring rust off you know I gotta shake off the.
  I could do an improv show with you right now yeah no problem we'll get on a stage it'll be just as  good as any garbage we did eight years ago.
  Well that is true that is for sure.
  I don't need any warm up I'm ready to go tonight.
  We're all excited for just not to come back.
  I'm not ready just to play rock the house because I haven't done that in a while.
  That's when we'll know things are really back to normal.
  That's when we'll know.
  Theater with no air conditioning at 10 p.
m.
 and the show is supposed to start at nine.
  More people on stage than in the audience.
  Yeah that's when we'll know America's back.
  What have we not name checked in this let me let me just say another quick run of band names  because we get you know I was saying those like groovy 60 70s ones I also want to mention  Tabasco the friendship train and your kind of people.
  Oh my god I have names too that are not those names.
  They're not those.
  Wow yeah I just I really like your kind of people because it feels potentially from like a grouchy  Disney executive a card walker like yeah you'll like the band it's your kind of people.
  I agree I have Voyager Soundcastle Limited.
  Yeah.
  You have those two.
  I got Soundcastle Limited what an intriguing name.
  I don't know much about them.
  Laser they are with a Z.
  Laser with a Z and then do you have Sunshine Balloon.
  Yes Sunshine Balloon is really intriguing I couldn't find that much more about them.
  Yeah I didn't either.
  These things should have been documented better.
  Some of these sound like drug references.
  That's true.
  Yeah potentially getting a little trippy Disney.
  Maybe I hope you did drug tests on these these rock and rollsters you let.
  Has anyone said Papa do run run.
  Oh I saw Papa do run run as well yeah.
  Papa do run run not I kept going is it Papa umau mao no it's Papa do run run.
  Oh here's a name.
  Allie and AJ performed during 2006 during the 50th.
  They are I have heard those names before once.
  If this were a Coachella poster which of these names would be big and which would be small.
  Suburban Legends would be big it seems like.
  I mean I would at least a middle I would push for Crash for the K.
  Right.
  Is Papa do run run Beyonce.
  I guess is what I'm what I'm getting at.
  That's really like.
  Well look they also are to me because Papa do run run are a bunch of people who played with  the Beach Boys and I think in fact for a long time we're specifically the backup band of Jan  and Dean.
  Oh okay.
  What I learned about Papa do run run is that they were so so close and so frequently hung out  with the Beach Boys that sometimes they'd be playing Disneyland and they would tell  Brian and Carl Wilson do you want to come down and hang and be part of our set and they would.
  Which I never knew about all my Beach Boys fandom I didn't know.
  Wow.
  Brian and Carl my favorite Beach Boy heart of the band Trader Long Promise Road  Feel Flows my favorite songs I cannot say them they would come they'd come down and play  another time machine thing if I could go see you know 1978 Beach Boys Wilson Brothers both  huge messes at this point Brian just starting to leave his house for the first time.
  Carl deep in the throes of alcoholism that he later kicked but you know I want to see  some drunk ass Beach Boys clown around on the Disneyland stage.
  This is let me also say how how disturbingly deep my Beach Boys fandom goes that I saw a picture  that Papa do run run posted of Carl Wilson on stage with them and I was like oh it's his green  jacket like I know his I know enough Beach Boys footage I'm like niche your green jacket that  cool shiny green jacket like I've thought like maybe I want to get a green jacket like Carl wore  I it's like it's it's weird I can't you should get the green too much I know  really yeah okay I just haven't you know like you know if you feel a you know a little emotional  bringing up something like this it's very very vulnerable I think you guys would be okay if I  came in here with a shiny jacket right in 1979.
  Take it to Milton 80s they'll make sure the fit's right.
  I love it yeah.
  Little Taylor is needed.
  Yeah if the if the listen if the last year's taught us anything it's it do it now man don't wait.
  Yeah you're right yeah who knows we'll end up shoved in a closet again.
  Thank you get the green jacket.
  Get the green jacket I like colors a lot I like wear all the different colors my you know I  wear like I was wearing pink shoes and my parents acted like I was wearing like a flamingo costume  once so yeah I think you go for it you know and then you'll you'll know it'll give you the power  everywhere you go because you'll know why you're wearing it.
  That's right but if I come on stage and we do a live show and I'm wearing this jacket  just remember this is not a sergeant pepper jacket this is not to be laughed at no this is  a cool rock jacket to be applauded Beatles cover band no nothing funny about it why you're giving  T.
C.
 Tugger's rules and it's not a joke it's not a joke it's good the jacket's good it's a neat it's  a neat good cool rock and roll jacket it's cool and I want a long applause when I come out wearing  jacket jacket jacket all right I peaked that's the end of the show good night everybody you saw the  jacket go home I hope that's how our listeners are like hey it's this green jacket it's not like wow  does Jason own more than a blue shirt they've got you figured out they know about your blue  they got you to one more of those yeah like merge's dress  yes I wear it at theme parks is it's versatile you can wear it rolled up or sleeves down but  I'm realizing like oh boy we post a lot of pictures of me this one has anyone noticed no  no just me being so well now by bringing it up this is the strizan effect watch out for the shirt  everyone he's got a really loves blue he loves a muted blue this mf loves blue  he loves blue as much as he loves treats a new thing whoa yes new jason angle right loves blue  as much as the fish in the ocean we're we're we're taking them down every episode now jason's blue is  not just an alien in vegas are you guys think would you guys do vegas anytime soon august baby  wow oh wait I don't know that wait did you mean performing there or going I mean just  going to hang out seems like that's so played on going at all against oh nice okay yeah  uh yeah august summer slam oh big big weekend got it the gcw show the night before  they're like uh indie they're more hardcore they're more of like a suburban legend right  versus like your corporate sky or yeah thank you now I'm this makes sense to me now  now please explain wrestlers in terms of what ska band they're analogous to yeah exactly so  august is up now yeah so this is like a slapstick or a less than jake what you say  operation ivy I had a less than jake face though I will say less than less than jake still fucking  rule less than jake puts out new material and it's good interesting yeah did you break down the  democratic presidential candidates uh during the primaries into which ska bands they were yes I  know and that's why I decided I'm like well okay like Elizabeth Warren of course is the dancehall  crashers um let's see what have we uh anything else we want to shout out um oh you know what  uh a really fast Michael iceberg in the ice machine yes yes yes yeah uh did you did you  run into this they're putting Michael Eisner it's not this is very confusing if you say it fast it  sounds like Michael it's not Michael Eisner it's Michael iceberg Michael iceberg is that  meant to evoke Michael Eisner I don't think so because I think it predates before there was  Michael Eisner there was Michael iceberg and sometimes you would go to Disneyland or Disney  World and the stage would rise up and on the stage would be a big glass pyramid and then one of the  triangle flaps would fold down and a bunch of dry ice would shoot out and in saw once the lots of  dry ice uh dissipated which it seems like it took a long time to you would see inside a guy just  with a full artillery of synths um just like shelf after shelf after shelf and not only that but a  mirror behind him so you could watch his hands play he has like a beak bin energy to me when I  see him you know what I mean like there's uh did someone say get me a yanny did someone say we need  a yanny in here I think it predates yanny too but that really seems like something Eisner would do  is like we what is disney I saw this guy on PBS the mirror watching him play all this stuff is very  impressive it reminds me of like when someone sits between two pianos and plays two pianos at once  that sounds cool yeah it is it is pretty neat there was a whole concert special of this inexplicably  on the Disney channel and they would try to like Disneyify it because ultimately it's like a guy  playing keyboards and they'd go like well how does this guy's song about his daughter apply  not really Disneyish so then they just kind of like put up footage from Bambi over it like does  that do it yeah sure very strange special yeah um a lot of banter maybe too much banter maybe too much  banter yeah yeah more rock less talk iceberg play two keyboards that's what we're here for  I want to hear pattern he's on uh he made several appearances on the tonight show  yeah yeah and person kind of Carson hates him yeah yeah he's really mocking him in the intro he says  like well this still just get me closer to getting to my car and he's like fighting he's like yeah  he's really like mad like shits I've never seen him shit that hard on somebody that's about to  come out or do something unless he like was being funny like right being friendly this is a really  abrasive Carson intro to where like you could tell somebody like went and like the person like  they saw this guy at the opening of Epcot and I think that's why he ended up on Carson so what  and watching Carson have to say like he was at the opening of the Epcot Center down in Florida and  you could tell the disdain yeah he hates all what is this shit what is that stupid word yeah give me  these cards to read yeah let me riff he's furious yeah yeah he's like uh what's uh what's his producer  Freddy Freddy de Cordova uh yeah he's like he's like talking to him and like he's like yeah I'm  getting through it like he's he's just so upset vicious Carson is kind of frightening it's very  scary Carson you know was supposed to be a miserable guy from a lot of accounts uh there's  also a good uh rest in peace Charles Groton interviewer Groton goes at him for like 10 minutes  have you seen that which extracts the funniest Carson ever is because he's mean right back that  was always their shtick I didn't realize was that like being like awful to each other yeah I didn't  either and people didn't understand that so they'd boo Groton right he got angry letters all the time  why aren't you nicer to America's host yeah and he's the eye he's not just like cranky like he  was on other shows he's like just derails every question yeah and just questions like what he  cares about who he cares about so the things that I guess really made Carson angry is Charles Groton  Michael Iceberg Michael Iceberg who it's funny with the context of Carson and watching it as a TV  show because I'm immediately like oh come on come on why are you being such an asshole about this  and then it cuts to Michael Iceberg and he plays a real like to use a better I to not know a better  way to put it a real farty synth sounding Baroque hoedown which is a song from the  electric parade yeah electrical parade and I go okay I get it now in context that you'd be like  what is this shit did Michael Iceberg write the electrical no no okay not no but he played it he  played it and like plays a different vert like little versions of it and like uh you know he veers  off of it and most encounters it's like all the space music yeah the era and yeah I could see  Carson catches that on a tv on his way in to like yell at his assistant yeah to like make her redo  all that day's typing and like wait what's on the show tonight I'm just trying to get to my smoke  house reservation yeah get me drunk Burt Reynolds instead yeah uh because like if it was in the part  in the chronics of the park I'd be like this is the greatest man I've ever seen Michael Iceberg  and then like in the context of the tonight show I go oh yeah this is a fucking some dumb bullshit  right if you're not coming out of a pyramid you know yeah less impact right well he does on the  show he did bring the pyramid brought the ice machine yeah and they take the smoke it takes  the fog so long to go away yeah that's one of the funniest things always to me is the fog machine  that won't stop um last for the full five minute performance that in like my school theater program  and like middle school I think that middle school and high school shared a fog machine but that was  a big purchase that was a big deal yeah that we had the fog machine and you weren't allowed  we weren't allowed to fool around with that like like a parent managing it like for certain scenes  of mcbeth only yeah but it was sequences right you could get fleet you could pick this it was  always pina colada scented so it would like pump out this pina colada haze and sometimes they would  let it run way too long and it would take forever to dissipate pina colada haze also great on the  tomorrow land stage band of 78 right the way they yelled pick it up pick it up pick it up  uh it's really something they were the best at it a lot of bands stole that but they were the best  um I mean I feel like we're winding down we are our list I have one thing else one quick iceberg uh  tidbit yeah I know after leaving Disney uh where he eventually performed both Disney world he did  the sunny eclipse stage and Disneyland uh Michael played the iceberg machines of corporate engagements  occasional shows at colleges and air shows these allowed him to return to his hometown of Aspen  Colorado and semi-retire where he lived as a neighbor to Michael Eisner iceberg Eisner  Wow!  Neighbors iceberg Eisner oh Letterman at the Oscars iceberg Eisner  yeah exactly no way this will kill at the live show when I come out in my cool green jacket iceberg  Eisner all right we got our first uh seven minutes at least yeah yeah jacket applause  Eisner iceberg yeah yeah um close with uh get close with uh yeah jam from uh uh well what was  the song rock the party rock the house rock the house gentlemen second level yeah that was it  right yeah yeah yeah we got the cops got called on us once I will say all right in a backyard  okay you rocked so loud that the cops came I guess we just keep rocking rocking or did you  stop and apologize like beat up a cop took his gun  handcuffed him with a microphone cord  tied it so hard it bruised we turned up the amps louder and then the cops their clothes turned into  heavy metal clothes and they just started becoming fans of ours right oh yeah yeah and the and the  grandma who came out with curlers in her hair turned into a babe a bikini yeah from a beer commercial  yeah yeah sure the power of your rock grandma turned into like cindy margolis right sure power  of your mckenzie said he was proud of you yeah yeah I'm proud of you mike and then annoyed gave me  some pizza everybody was there he's back on the final note of rock the house uh it was so powerful  that the bikini babe grandma ended up pregnant with your child right that's right yeah yeah I  have a 30 year old that math makes sense right I was seven when the band the band was happening  um geez well hey that's a blast great to rock out with you for a while yeah thank you for using  the casual yeah instead of you yeah yeah it's like I knew it was coming and it made me stutter I knew  I wasn't going to be casual enough to get through the yeah apologies uh but uh yeah hey good stuff  thanks for joining us yeah more so you survive podcast the ride um hey uh let's exit through the  gift shop is there anything besides any cool uh rock and or ska music you like that you might  want to plug sure uh check out less than jake's uh recent output revisit skank and pickle um yeah  mike park from that band still does a lot of anyway okay uh yeah so I uh I have a graphic novel  coming out on uh July 13th uh it is called bubble I co-wrote it with a great writer named Sarah  Morgan uh the art and adaptation is by a great comics artist named Tony Cliff who does the  Delilah Dirk series uh the colors are by Natalie Reese who does the dungeon critter series uh yeah  it's a like sci-fi comedy it's kind of set in a near future where all of uh you know all these  kind of down-and-out 20-somethings have to they live in this bubble city that's kind of like a  little silver lake or a brooklyn and they kind of participate in this life or death gig economy  if they want to survive and it's uh yeah there's a bunch of sex jokes and robots and monsters it's  based on the scripted podcast I did from a couple years ago uh but you don't have to have heard the  podcast um that's also they could check that out too they could check that out too if you want a  little primer probably some people have been on our show I think doing voices yeah that's true  yes uh you got a you got a Mike Mitchell in there doing voices um let's see other PTR people  uh you got an Eliza Skinner you got an Allison Becker you got a Cristela Alonso whose voice is  in the Disney park she's Cruz Ramirez yeah so uh yeah it was very cool I'm a I'm a big comics guy  from way back uh it'll shock you to know that I was into uh not only drama club and ska music but  also comic books wow I know I'm a fucking enigma we're trying to pin this guy down  yeah this this guy like Scott and Vertigo comics wow wow whoa how weird you're so fucking twisted  uh yes I'm a goddamn cartoon of myself anyway yes uh but yeah it's called bubble it's uh it's uh  it comes out on July 13th but you can if you're listening to this before July 13th you can  pre-order it that's a big like uh help to books so yeah if you want to fill the excitement there  great great well yeah get to it yes pre-order bubble that's fantastic I'm gonna take a wild  guess and and uh assume that maybe some PTR listeners have relationships with their local  comic book store so give them a call up they'll pre-order it for you help the store out helps the  book out oh geez great yes you can do it in a non-corporate way you could you can do it in a  corporate way I'm not gonna be a dick but but yeah maybe also do it in a non-corporate way  that'd be cool hey neat uh this is like the spirit of non-corporate ska yes but keep that in your  heart thank you yes uh awesome that's cool yeah check out bubble uh and as for us you can find us  on all the socials at podcast the ride merch is available on our nrt public store and for three  bonus episodes every month check out podcast the ride the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast  the ride where you did promise at some point there would be a tier where the second level  I did promise that yeah come out we just well it's actually a different album this that's my  I promised my solo album would come out on the second tier that's a different project  okay thank you thank you for getting the continuity correct for everyone yeah okay okay all right so  we got to talk about that second tee that third gate or uh what did we say it was going to be our  disney sky or what the disney c was the second but disney sky was the unbuilt third gate yeah so  we'll figure out what it is yeah well okay so go to the sky when the sky yeah when the sky exists  it'll be there the cloud it's in the cloud now um do you know any couplets from that offhand um  there's a uh there's a chorus uh to a song called stranger uh and it's like it's stranger  in the morning when i rub my eyes it's like something like that it's really good yeah is  it about like a like a hookup is it about i don't know what any of these songs were about nothing i  don't know what i was trying i would like try to like sit on your hand and then jack off  i would like try to like free associate with all this stuff and think that's sort of like what more  like real art was when you sort of just like words and like it's about a feeling and it's like  yeah no valid yeah i mean it's the way yeah good songs have been written like that sure  yeah that's true but maybe it will the audience will decide what box to put stranger in  right as long as they copy of strange as long as they pay us enough money  they will be able to decide uh amen look out for that thanks for listening keep rocking bye bye  this has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike carlson jason sharridan scott  gairdner brett bohme joe cilio and alex ramsey for more original podcasts please visit forever  dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts spotify or wherever you get your  podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on twitter and instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on facebook