 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may feature  your favorite stars shattering into pieces,  your favorite ogres dripping green in the Hollywood heat,  and shocking secrets of tourism industry middle management,  courtesy of special guest Lamar Woods.
  It's Madame Tussauds on podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who are so polite  they asked permission to take a photo with a wax figure.
  My name is Mike Carlson, I choked a little bit on the intro.
  Jason Sheridan joining me as always.
  Yeah, yeah, I was asking anyone I saw,  which turned out to be more wax figures  because some of the rooms are a little dark.
  Oh, you're saying you couldn't tell the difference  between a human and a wax figure.
  I see how late night shows get away with,  like Arnold Schwarzenegger pretends to be the wax figure  and then jumps out.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  Yeah, when they prank, there was an Ozzy Osbourne prank  where he was pranking people.
  And I will say, we'll get to this,  but I did go to Madame Tussauds,  is how I believe it's pronounced.
  And we'll figure if we have somebody who will tell us  exactly what the right answer is.
  But.
  Probably one thing he can tell us, yeah, I think.
  But I very much felt like these are coming to life.
  Like I had this body reaction to them,  but we'll get to that.
  Scott Gertner here joining us.
  Hi, yeah, no, and you gotta ask for selfie permission.
  Just, yeah, just cause they're fake doesn't mean  consent's not in the picture.
  Right, wax, yeah, wax figures.
  And I would, like, they felt like a mental agreement.
  They like kind of give me a yes.
  Elton John would say yes, you are allowed.
  Yes, you are allowed.
  They're human shaped, feels weird.
  But I honestly, I will say this,  I was not expecting to have a ton to talk about today.
  I have so much to talk about after going yesterday.
  Oh yeah.
  Like, so I'm very, very excited.
  I went to this place thinking,  ah, I'm gonna probably just make some jokes about it.
  Who gives a shit?  I'll say this, I came away, I love wax museums.
  I am a wax figure.
  Well, don't hang on, don't go pluralizing that  because Madame Tussauds is like the champagne brand.
  All right, that's fair.
  There's some other wax museums that are a little iffier.
  Although you might like those more,  I think maybe I like them more.
  I like the prettier ones more.
  I just, I'm in it, I'm into it now.
  And I didn't realize I was a wax guy.
  But I am a wax guy now.
  Let's bring our guest in to really give us the expertise.
  He's a writer, an improviser, and a musician.
  He's writing on the upcoming show Grand Cru.
  Improvising with the group White Women.
  And he's got an album coming out very soon.
  He's doing a lot.
  Lamar Woods is here.
  Hey, what's up y'all?  What's happening?  Hey.
 Thanks for having me.
  Thanks for coming.
  Excited to talk about wax, I guess.
  Oh man, it was so great to hear.
  I didn't realize y'all went like two yesterday.
  So that's great.
  And it's always the same thing where people are like,  wax museum, whatever.
  They go and they fucking love it after.
  It's like, it's just like,  you don't know until you've done it for sure.
  It's like a beautiful experience.
  Yeah, really.
  I came out like grinning, I think.
  And I was so tired going in.
  I was like, yeah, I gotta get this done.
  This is for work.
  I'm from a theme park journal.
  This is for work.
  And I came up going,  I'm going to every one of these in any city I'm in, I think.
  Well, I was curious.
  I'm gonna ask y'all questions too,  cause I haven't been there in a long time.
  So I'm actually curious how it is.
  Like I worked there for seven years,  but I stopped, I quit probably about six years ago.
  So I haven't really been since.
  So I'm curious what y'all experienced.
  I'm curious what figures are still there.
  Well, we have photos.
  Oh, really?  Oh, great.
  Yes.
  I want to talk about our experience,  but we should just say this all at the top.
  Your situation with Madame Tussauds.
  Are we right about that, first of all?  I mean, I've always said Tussauds,  but I don't know anymore.
  The way y'all saying it sounds like,  cause I was always like,  never really have respect for the old guard.
  So I was out there butchering the name.
  I was like, fuck Madame Muzelle, whatever.
  But no, she's cool.
  But it was like, so I could be saying it wrong,  but what makes y'all think it was Tussauds?  Well, the reason I think it's Tussauds  is because Spider-Man said it in the 4D movie  at the end of the whole tour yesterday.
  Really?  Now did any of us do that?  I didn't do that.
  Jason and I did it.
  Okay.
  All right, all right.
  All right, that's probably what it is then,  cause they would have quality checked that for sure.
  That's why I thought it.
  But if you look at you, Jason said this too.
  And if you look at the YouTube videos,  even the stuff that's like official company video stuff  will say different like pronunciation.
  So I don't know if there's even.
  Some are saying Tussauds and there's like YouTube videos  of like, how do you pronounce this French name?  And they're saying Tussauds.
  Somebody said Tussaur and I went, what the hell?  That doesn't even are there.
  I wonder if it's, yeah, I bet there's a story there.
  I bet it's probably shamed over time.
  But I feel like Tussauds is the way we all said it.
  Like Madame Tussauds is how I've always said it.
  That's how I've always said it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Until I felt like I was being like smarty pants yesterday.
  Like I know the real way to say it.
  I know.
  I'm gonna go back to Tussauds just to,  for my own relaxation.
  Every time I say Tussauds.
  Tussauds, so tense.
  It feels a little like, elegant, like a little too like bougie.
  Like that's probably what they called it back in the,  did y'all watch the little, the history of Madame Tussauds?  Like where, like how it all started?  There was like, I saw some British made thing.
  There was like very dry.
  Yeah, like it's in the behind the scenes.
  There's like a section out there before you end.
  Oh yeah, at the end.
  Like did you.
  Oh wait, no, in the museum?  No, I didn't see it in the museum.
  Oh, okay.
  Okay, okay.
  There's like a segment in a museum called Behind the Scenes  and there's like a documentary that shows like  how she started and stuff.
  And, but we could get into that,  but I guess I should explain my relationship to the museum.
  Yeah, you're here because you used to work  for this organization.
  So yeah, it's totally random.
  There's no, I had no like,  I had no awareness of wax museums or anything  before I moved to LA, but I was just,  I just moved to LA like every other person  who wants to be in the Hollywood industry.
  And then I, I needed a job.
  So I worked like, I was working like three different jobs  at the time.
  I was working like at the, at the movie theater,  at the, shout out to Pacific theaters, rest in peace.
  And then also I was working at a Hollywood video,  rest in peace.
  Damn, everywhere I worked, it's like,  God, at least not Madame Tussauds though.
  So Madame Tussauds was just a part-time job I had.
  And I worked inside, you know,  like when I first moved to LA, just trying to survive.
  And we did like these, you know, when you walked in,  you probably experienced this, you walk in,  there's like these employees that are trying  to take pictures of you with the wax figures,  and then they sell it to you at the end.
  So I was one of those guys just like,  hey, come on, get a pic with Shrek or whatever.
  And so I did that for like a year  and I was pretty good at it.
  I'm like good at making people like smile.
  And then, and then also Madame Tussauds was very big on like,  they're part of, just to give you context,  they're part of a corporation called,  I'm blanking on it right now.
  Their current owner is, or manager, they sold,  there's a weird-  They sell it somewhere else?  Yeah.
  Merlin Entertainment is who runs them.
  But they did, they sold it to someone  and then leased it back.
  It's one of those sorts of things.
  Oh, I didn't know about that.
  But Merlin is operating.
  Which is like, I didn't realize it was like a huge,  in the UK, like a huge theme park business.
  They have like a bunch of stuff,  like the London Eye and all that.
  So it's like a pretty intense corporation,  but they're very big on like promoting people,  like within, right?  So I'm just doing good, like I'm a young employee.
  Then they asked me to be like a little supervisor  and of the photo people.
  I was still working on the floor,  but I was also like doing schedules and stuff.
  And I was like, you know, doing my thing.
  And then I just got like, I just, all of a sudden,  I had this like idea that like revolutionized  the entire business.
  Because first of all, when they first moved to Hollywood,  they were not doing that good.
  It was like, we, they opened up and I think, you know,  it's kind of funny because I think people don't realize  Hollywood Boulevard is so shitty.
  So I was like, I think they like, we're coming,  they did huge grand open, Garcetti's there,  before he was mayor, for some reason, I remember his image.
  And because we had the wax figure  of the other mayor before him, but they were like,  you know, it was a full grand opening and they,  we opened and it's just like two people a day,  like just like no one coming.
  But then, so we're like really in the,  I don't know if I should be putting all the business  out there like that, but we were like really like  not doing well.
  So the photo department, I would put in charge of,  so you know, it's a lot of this,  we had this new boss come in,  cause he's coming in to shape things up from the UK, right?  He's like this short guy named Colin.
  He was like really, you know, really business minded,  like doesn't play around, like he's like,  I don't care, where's the money?  Like that's kind of how he is.
  And then he's like, so he puts me in charge,  he's like, we need to figure out how to like  make some money here.
  So I came up with this whole prices structure  for the photos and it was so smooth too,  cause it was like, I don't know,  I wanna break it all down to put the secrets out there.
  But basically what I did was like,  I had this, we had this USB thing that if you,  that's our most expensive thing, right?  It was like 35 bucks.
  So what I would do is like, it was such a simple thing.
  They were taking, the people were taking pictures of,  like say you go in there, right?  They take a picture of you and you do one pose  and then they take another one and then they let you go.
  But what I was doing, I was like,  I was coming up with like three different poses  that are fucking awesome and the one, all of them.
  And then what happened is they always would buy the USB  cause they couldn't make a decision on which one they liked.
  So they would take all of them.
  So it was like every transaction was like  almost $35 transaction.
  It was like, boom, the shit just like skyrocketed, right?  So then I'm like, all of a sudden we got the most,  the number one photo department in the country.
  Like, cause you know, we got massive sales all over the,  all over the world or whatever.
  So.
  Yeah, there's tons of them, dozens of them.
  Yeah, so then I got promoted again and I'm now like,  I'm like the guest experience manager  and I'm running the, that inside.
  And then I get, I get, no, I got promoted to something else.
  It was like something between, which is all bullshit.
  It was just like different ways of like paying me  the same amount of money.
  But like then I like got promoted to guest experience manager  and I was like fully like in a suit  and I'm like running this place and I'm like,  it's like, like this is like my career at this point.
  So I have a huge relationship with that museum  and I did that for seven years.
  And then, and then I, and then I, you know,  started my writing career, but I'll never forget it.
  Cause it taught me everything I know about life.
  And it's like, I literally like,  I get to point to everything aspect of my career  and my life right now and say that I learned something,  some of it at Wax, at Madame Tussauds Hollywood for sure.
  Wow.
  That's wild.
  It sounds like you saved the bit,  like saved the Hollywood location.
  That seems accurate.
  I'm not gonna toot my own horn, but you know,  I would say between Collin, that guy Collin came in,  like he, I think he saw something in me and he was like,  this guy's gonna help me turn around.
  Cause I think I would, I would give the credit to him.
  I'm just assuming he's listening.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
 He's like, thank you Collin.
  But I think, you know, he, he was kind of like  a little bit of a mentor in a way where he,  he just taught me a lot about business and stuff  and like how that shit works.
  But, but yeah, no, we took that shit from like struggling  to like actually making money for sure.
  It was, it was cool.
  But yeah, and I had like people knew about me.
  It was like, I was getting awards and stuff.
  It was crazy.
  I was like a wax man.
  I was the wax man.
  I had, I had it going on.
  Like man, I was doing it and my girlfriend worked in,  I was dating this girl.
  She worked in events.
  So me and her were like a power couple.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  It was wild, man.
  It was like a life.
  It was a life for sure.
  Would you go to like, here's this like company wide banquet  where then you got a trophy or something?  Yeah, we had those.
  We would do some at the, at the music,  at the rooftop on the, and it went in Hollywood  and we would go to Vegas because there's one in Vegas  and we would go there a lot.
  And then it got to the point where they were sending me  around to teach all the other ones,  this pricing structure and all the things we were doing.
  So even going to like, I went to Legoland and like,  cause that's also part of Merlin and like all these other  places.
 Oh wow.
  And yeah, it was like, I was like a full on corporate  like amusement park guy.
  It was very, it was very rewarding.
  Getting flown around.
  So you're in Vegas on other people's diamonds.
  So this is amazing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Like they're giving me like a stipend and stuff, you know,  being in hotels.
  Wow.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But you know, so that's my relationship.
  So, you know, I mean, it was not an easy job because middle  man, when you're doing middle management,  which was mostly what I was doing was,  that's always just a nightmare cause people don't ever  want to listen to you and stuff.
  But yeah, that's, that's, that's my relationship with.
  Wow.
  That's wild.
  Was there any consideration, were you ever like,  I could take over Merlin entertainment if I kept going.
  Like I could be the head of this whole company.
  I definitely, I mean, definitely it was a possibility.
  Cause that's what they want.
  They want that.
  They want, they don't even, they, they, like,  if you look at all their CEOs, even the guy Colin,  or like all the people who run it, they've, you could,  pretty much everyone will tell you they started at the  bottom and like, that's like part of the story.
  So it definitely seemed like a realistic out.
  I mean, I know I didn't never want to do that.
  Like, I was like, I want to be,  I want to be a rapper slash comedian.
  That I want to be Donald Glover when I grow up.
  But yeah, it's like a very funny thing though.
  Cause you don't, I don't know how, like,  I was like, how would I have really survived out here if I  never got the promotion?  Cause I was only making like,  it seems like so little money now,  but it was like $10 an hour, you know, doing that.
  And then living in LA.
  So then the promotion getting like bumped up to like 12 or  like 15 was enough for me to feel like, okay,  I can actually live here in this city, you know?  But, but yeah, not, not, I never liked it.
  It was terrible.
  And then running like seminars,  you have to go into a city and then like teach people how to  do a system that is, that is kind of, yeah,  it's sort of dry.
  I'll tell you what's cool.
  Like the cool stuff was like the, like the behind the scenes,  like seeing how they work, like how they, they like,  the one of the funnest times I ever had was like,  we had the Tupac wax figure.
  So every time they, they do a release of a new figure,  it's like a party, right?  So they get the red carpet out and it's like,  as if the wax figure is gonna walk down there.
  But like they had basically, you know, it was on the radio.
  They got, I think they partnered with,  have my memories like gone,  but the radio station in LA that plays like,  basically 90s hip hop.
  I forgot what it's called,  but they partnered with them and they had this party on the  roof for the release.
  And then like Bone Thugs and Harmony came and DJ Quick was  there and I like basically got to party with them like all  night cause we went out, we went out after and I got to hang  out with them and I like, that was like fucking dope.
  And it was like, that was so cool.
  Bone Thugs.
  Did you connect with one of them in particular?  Or the other?  Wait, I connect with Busy Bone.
  I mean, Busy is like, I'm a busy guy too.
  I'm a manager.
  I got a lot of things going on.
  So I understand where you're going through Busy Bone.
  It's hard, man.
  You get overwhelmed, you know?  But no, it wasn't like, we weren't like really like talking  like that, but it was cool to just like kick it,  like be in the same facility as him for sure.
  Oh my God.
  That's great.
  I mean, they really go, like you said,  they go all out when they unveil a new one.
  I imagine partly because of what they invent,  like it takes hundreds and hundreds of hours to sculpt  the wax figure.
  And like the average number that they kept throwing around  was like one wax figure cost over $300,000 to make.
  Yeah, they're so expensive.
  And it is like when you made a good point, Jason,  of like, or no, I think you made the point that was like,  it ain't just no regular wax resam.
  Like those other wax resams ain't doing this.
  So they're like really taking their time  and getting the celebrity involved  and the celebrity approves the outfits, like the piano.
  I don't know if you saw the piano that Elton John  was sitting at or he has a piano behind him.
  He's standing now.
  There's no piano, I don't think.
  I was like, there's no big red piano with him.
  I didn't see the big red piano.
  But that's like his piano, like that's like his actual one.
  So it's like, they have like a lot of buy-in  with all the, you know, thing, which is cool.
  But yeah, like speaking of, it's funny though,  cause I will say, you know, if you want some real, you know,  tea, I'll give y'all some real wax figure,  if you want to hear some wax figure war.
  A little wax tea with some honey.
  But that, so one of our biggest challenges  was the other wax museum.
  So there was another one that was there before us  called Hollywood Wax Museum.
  That's like not, cause it was more like by Hollywood  and Highland next to the Chinese Theater  and the other one's like over, like across Highland  by the Ripley's.
  It's kind of like part of that.
  They're all like part of that kind of,  it was almost like the blessed,  it was like two different worlds.
  Like we don't even fuck with them.
  So they, so the irony was interesting.
  I didn't realize, we thought they were taking business  from us, but what they really were doing  was actually hurting our brand.
  So it would be like, what was happening was people  were going to the wax museum, the Hollywood one,  and then being like, I was at Madame Tussauds  and like the wax figures weren't that great, right?  So they were, so we had this whole thing  where we were getting in like a lot of trouble  with the corporate side, the UK guys over there.
  Cause they're like, man, what the fuck's going on?  Why is this wax museum even exists?  You should be the only wax museum on the whole block.
  They're like, I want that shit gone, shut it down.
  And then, so I'm like, so here, this is one  of the most difficult things for me as a manager, right?  Because so all the employees are cool as hell.
  They're like, they're not, they're like, a lot of them  are like LA natives, like they're like from LA  and they like just working or whatever.
  And like young, you know, young kids or whatever.
  So they're friends with a lot of people that work at  the wax museum, right?  So, cause they're all like, kind of know each other.
  Then, so now there's a whole new director where he's like,  we need to shut this place down, right?  So I'm like, whatever, okay.
  And then it's like so stressful, right?  So then I go, so he's like, so I'll never forget.
  I hope Colin don't hear this.
  He should not, don't let him hear this.
  I don't know if he can control that.
  But don't tag him in there.
  Just one phone doesn't get to hear it.
  Colin, you did corporate espionage for wax museum.
  I know, like what?  So, so basically we did this.
  So there was this whole campaign where we would like,  they printed out these big ass billboards,  which basically had pictures of the Hollywood wax museum  of like Nicole Kidman, right?  And then it would have our version of it.
  And you could just see like how shitty theirs was.
  It was so bad.
  And it was like, now that I think about it,  it wasn't that bad, but it felt like really immoral.
  So we had to, so we were, it was like in the front  of the building and it was like, look at the difference.
  This is what we doing.
  That's what they're doing, right?  So, you know, so my employees were like upset about this.
  They were like, we're not, we don't want to put this place  out of business.
  This is bad business practice.
  And I feel them because it's like,  if they go out of business, like that's a lot of their friends  get, you know, get laid off and stuff.
  So then I was like, but then my bosses were like,  you have to do this.
  We have to put these out every morning.
  And it was like so crazy because it would be like,  I would be like, you know, trying to like,  it's hard to like, please both party.
  Cause I was like, well, I don't want to get in trouble  cause I'm not doing what they're saying.
  But also I don't want the, all the employees mad at me.
  Like I'm like this big corporate arm or whatever.
  Cause like, I don't give a shit, whatever.
  But then, so I would kind of like, you know,  sometimes I would open up and then I would like,  hey, we don't gotta put it out today.
  So I like, you know, leave it, leave the signs in the inside  and no one would, so nobody see them.
  And it would be like, cool, normal day or whatever.
  And then I guess I didn't realize that the other managers  were also doing that.
  So then I was like, so that means it's basically  was not out.
  And I really, so Kyle was coming around and he's like,  I think he just happened to walk by when I hadn't done it.
  And he, I think he had been just off his rocker  cause he just, no one's been doing it.
  And he just went off on me.
  And I was like, it was in front of everybody.
  And I think I like cried in front of him.
  Like I like cried.
  I was like, cause I was like, it was like,  I felt so overwhelmed.
  It's like, I don't know what to do.
  Cause I don't want to get fired,  but I don't want to do this thing that you guys make me do.
  And then, but anyway, it was, we ended up,  I think they ended up, it didn't really work.
  Cause I'm sure it's still there.
  I haven't been over there, but is the other one still there?  It is.
 Yeah.
  I didn't think it predated, madam.
  She says, or at least a version of it.
  Cause I went to like, I remember going as a kid,  going to one over there, at least in the same,  maybe the business or the ownership changed at some point.
  And I liked it a lot cause it had like stuff I liked,  like Back to the Future and the Ninja Turtles  and a really miserable Home Alone.
  Like all three of the Home Alones were so cruddy.
  I think when, if you remember the Conan Tonight Show  when they were firing wax figures out of cannons and stuff,  I think those were all bought in a giant lot  from that wax museum.
  They were like unbelievably shitty.
  Like there was a really crazy looking Tom Cruise,  even shorter than he is, really horrible hair.
  To me it's kinda cooler cause they're like shitty  in a more kitschy way where it's like,  like it's kinda novelty.
  But like Mount Desauce does feel a little more like clean.
  Like it's like, you know, don't, don't fuck these up.
  You know? Yeah.
  No, they're good.
 They're really good.
  And then like, so you're, so there's,  in Hollywood you had this confusion about,  like people are saying the other one was Madame Tussauds.
  I, I, there was a thing I didn't clear up with myself  until we were gonna talk about this,  which is I remember going to Niagara Falls  and there was a, and in my head the whole time  it's been like, oh yeah, I went to Madame Tussauds  in Niagara Falls.
  And then I looked it up and wait, but it wasn't though.
  Cause those were so cruddy.
  So that's a whole, you want some more?  You know about it.
 You obviously know about this.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You know I'm down with this.
  There's a whole nother fucking crazy drama.
  Cause there's.
 Cause it's the name.
  It's Louis Tussauds.
  So it's like Madame's like step brother or something.
  It's like crazy.
  It's a great grandson.
  Yeah.
 Louis Tussauds.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  He's like not affiliated.
  Like he just went off, took the name  and did his own fucking thing.
  He's like, fuck y'all, I'm making my own museum.
  I'm waxing.
  Even though like you think that you, you hear this  and you're like, well, this is some like scumbag  who did this in the eighties, but no,  this is like 1800s still.
  This was like forever ago.
  He had the scheme to like open a bad one.
  Cause there's one in London that people have  been making fun of for centuries.
  Right.
  So he's been like the, you know, the bad stepchild  for like over a hundred years.
  Gallagher II.
  Yeah, yeah, the ultimate Gallagher II.
  I would love to check it out.
  Yeah, but I remember hearing about that  and it's just like, he's like,  you don't bring his name up.
  It's like, it's like, you don't talk about him.
  Yeah, it's really serious.
  It's like lawsuits, like tons of shit.
  Like it's like crazy, like fully like a real family  like issue.
  This is a real family we're talking about.
  Yeah, yeah, right.
  Yeah, the Tussauds and it goes, like we're saying,  it goes back a while.
  Like it goes back to the 1800s.
  Like Madame Tussaud herself was locked up  during the French Revolution.
  Tordered wax figures around England and Ireland  and then could not go back to France  because the Napoleonic Wars were happening  and kind of like ended up setting up a museum in London  on Baker Street for a while.
  It's moved since, but it was on Baker Street,  which you know, the street, the fictional address  of Sherlock Holmes is on Baker Street too.
  But like Madame Tussauds in London was damaged  during World War II by German bombs.
  Yeah, this shit goes back.
  It's like a legacy, but she's like a little dope  like fucking entrepreneur.
  She was just taking the wax figures in the ship  and just hitting people up with them.
  And like that.
  Oh, like touring it?  Yeah, yeah.
  Like before that, imagine touring anything  in the early 1800s.
  How the hell do you do that?  Yeah, it's like no healthcare.
  I don't know what the fuck's going on.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, no, but that whole,  that whole Boulevard is just like a crazy situation.
  Like I always just, I can't disassociate working there  with just working on Hollywood Boulevard as a concept  because it's just like that, like I'll tell you a story.
  I got two, I got a lot of stories  if y'all wanna hear all this shit.
  Of course.
  Like the, so, okay, so that whole Boulevard  is like kind of like the mafia a little bit  where it's like, okay, like you have this Starline tour guys  and you have all these other kinds of random tour people  who kind of be on these blocks on the Boulevard.
  So like that shit is like negotiated,  like where people are, where they stand on that.
  So with Bouncy Souls is coming in, big European,  like huge company.
  They're like, what the fuck is this?  Basically like have no regard for the rule,  what the setup or like the way everybody had kind of like  decided this is how we're gonna do it.
  So we're like, so basically we have,  we had this thing called a street team  and it was, this was like when they got real rough for me,  I was real like, you know, losing my hair and shit.
  But I, so I was doing, cause inside is great.
  When you work, I was managing the photo people,  we take pictures, we sell photos, it's all good.
  Nobody fucks with you, it was air conditioned.
  It was just a beautiful time.
  But then I was doing so well, my boss was like,  hey, so we got a new thing we're doing on the street  outside on a Boulevard and it's just a mess right now.
  And we need you to kind of go in and like clean it up.
  Right?  Like felt like, I felt like Joe Clark can lean on me.
  It was like, I had to like go in and like fix the thing.
  So then I'm like, all right, whatever.
  So it's like, you go into Boulevard,  basically we have this street team  that's basically hired on from like people  who didn't work for the company,  but they were like passing out flyers and shit.
  So we got rid of that, we had to start over  and basically from talking to him,  what I've already heard was that the rappers  who sell the CDs, that other fucking tour guys  are just really bad people.
  They're like massaging us,  they're like fucking harassing the employees.
  They're just like crazy, right?  So I was like, okay, my employees don't wanna deal  with this shit and I gotta like come out,  figure out a way for them to like be able to be out there  passing flyers without it being like a nightmare at work.
  Right?  So then, so I had this whole thing, right?  It was so funny, cause I was like,  who the fuck do I think I am, right?  So I come out, cause I used to be a rapper,  so I'm like, maybe I can relate to these dudes or whatever.
  So I'm like, okay, I had this big meeting,  I go out, I go down to all the rappers on the block, right?  Who's selling their CDs, I say,  hey look, I'm the new street manager with a street team.
  You know, I know how it is, I know the struggle,  you know what I'm saying?  I'm like you man, like trying to act like, you know,  I can relate to you man, I come from the block too,  you know, trying to get my music going, I totally get it.
  I know I work for a company that has Madame in the title,  but still.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a mad damn, but you know what I'm saying?  Like it's cool, like so then she goes, so then,  so I go, I basically like, look, y'all have,  cause what I didn't want is for them to fuck around,  like basically, you know, cause you know,  what happens is, like an example of what the issue was,  is like, let's say one of my employees goes into their space  where they're selling the CDs to pass out flyers,  they basically will be like, get the fuck out of here, right?  So it's like, I was trying to avoid that kind of situation.
  So I'm like, okay, so let's agree to have,  we're gonna be over here, we're not gonna mess  with y'all space or where y'all do y'all CD stuff,  and if there's any problems, like don't say nothing  to the employees, just come to me, like you come,  my name's Lamar, you come directly to me  and we'll deal with it, right?  And it was like a whole, I'm like,  this is a whole new regime, it's a new day at Mounders Sells,  right, I'm here now, right?  Used to call me Crazy Joe, now they call me Batman.
  So then, so for a while it was working,  like peaceful, everybody was like, chill, no problems.
  So then we hired a bunch of new people,  and like I told them, like a new people for the street team  and I had this meeting with them,  I told them how to set up, you go on the blog,  you pass your flyers, you see the rappers,  you don't fuck with them, don't talk to them,  don't do nothing, right?  Of course, day two, right after I hire,  I walk outside, I got my walkie on or whatever,  it's a busy day too, hot in the summer,  line is way out the door, Shrek is melting, it's crazy.
  So I'm like, I get a call, someone says on the radio,  Lamar, can you come down here, the entire rap,  all the rappers on the Boulevard are outside  the box office, right?  I'm like, what the fuck?  So then I go down, and it's all of them,  like a gang right in front of me,  and meanwhile, the line is long as hell, right?  So I'm already kinda overwhelmed,  and then they're like, I go, what's the problem?  Because I did say come talk to me, right?  So they say, hey, you said come to you.
  So they said, one of my employees walks up to them,  basically getting off the train,  one of my employees was on his way to work,  and just says some kind of snide comment to one of them,  basically to the effect of these guys are crooks,  don't buy their CD, basically.
  So he kinda sat down under his breath, and kept going,  so they're like, we wanna talk to him,  and I'm like, well, hold on, I can't just feed him to y'all.
  I'm gonna feed his ass.
  So I'm like, so then I go, okay,  it's like I'm telling this, and I'm like,  how is this a real thing, right?  So I go up to the break room, right,  and I see him in there, and I go,  I don't wanna say his name, but I'll just say,  we'll just call him Jimmy, right?  Okay, so Jimmy was in the break room,  and in a banana or something,  he looked like he had no clue, right?  So I go, hey man, did you say something to those guys?  Because I had just hired this guy, right?  So I'm trying to figure out what happened,  and he's like, oh yeah, those guys are assholes, man,  fuck those guys, right?  And I was like, oh, they all downstairs right now,  and his face just dropped.
  He was like, what?  He looked so scared.
  He should be, these guys are not rappers,  they are criminals.
  So then I go, so then I'm like, okay, don't worry,  I'm not gonna let nothing happen to you,  we're gonna take care of this, right?  So meanwhile, the line is getting crazy.
  I'm getting calls out the ass,  coming down here, we need to refund all this shit,  and I'm like the only manager, I'm like,  I don't know, I'm losing my mind.
  So then I get down there, and I go,  I say, stay here in the break room, I'll be right back.
  I go down to the rappers, and I say,  okay, he says he's sorry, I think it was just  an honest mistake, let's just let bygones be bygones,  and he's like, no, they were like,  no, we wanna hear it from him, we want him to say it.
  And I was like, well, I can't do that,  because if y'all do something to him,  we gonna have to call the cops, right?  So they were like, no, we ain't gonna touch him,  we ain't gonna do nothing, we promise.
  I'm like, all right, give me your word,  y'all ain't gonna put your hands on him, or whatever,  and then we'll squash this shit.
  Meanwhile, the line is getting crazy.
  I'm losing my mind, they're calling me like crazy,  I gotta refund over here.
  So then I go back up, I say, hey man,  okay, here's what we gonna do, we gonna go down there,  don't worry, I ain't gonna let nothing happen to you,  I promise, but we just apologize to them,  and we'll be done with it.
  And then, there we go, so he's like,  all right, man, I felt so bad,  he's putting so much trust in me,  because I got no idea what was about to happen, right?  I'm like, kill this motherfucker, right?  So then I come down, and then,  they immediately, of course, immediately break their promise,  and they're like, ready to fucking squash.
  I jumped in, I'm like, go off, I'm like,  you guys said y'all wasn't gonna do nothing.
  I told y'all, I told y'all what would happen  if y'all do that, right?  So I'm just yelling at them,  and I was like, I thought y'all was a man of your word,  I'm like lecturing them and shit,  and then the line is watching it,  I got this whole audience, it's like crazy.
  And then, I swear to God, I'm not making this up,  because it's gonna sound, it makes me look really cool,  but they all just left, and they're like,  all right, I don't know what came over me,  but I felt like after that, I was like,  yo, y'all owe me, I'm killing it, I'm out too,  so I just saved that dude's life,  man, he almost fucking got killed by his street rapper.
  But yeah, and it was almost like a mutual respect thing,  it was like, all right, man, we got you.
  So then ever since then, after that,  everything went back to normal,  but it was just like, that's the kind of shit  that was just like a daily type of shit,  like shit like that, just working in that area,  like just bomb threats, it's like crazy.
  We had one time, sorry, I got all the,  I mean you guys had to question that.
  There's another one, it was like, we had a full ride,  I mean, I don't know if y'all remember this,  it was a DJ, he was a really famous DJ,  I think he died actually, but I can't remember,  but one of those DJs that was super popular,  and he did a pop-up concert on the boulevard,  like on Twitter or whatever, he said,  we're just gonna show up,  and then it turned into this whole riot,  and we had to basically close the museum down  and bring all the wax figures in,  because they were about to tear them apart,  it was crazy.
  It was water, it was outside.
  The ones outside to get people in,  you had to drag in Lucy or whatever.
  You had to drag them all in and shut the door,  it was like, they were this close.
  Like if they would have got in the fucking museum,  oh man, those men, oh man,  Morgan Freeman, Justin Timberlake,  they would have been destroyed,  they would have been crazy.
  They would have taken the elevator up  and made their way down destroyed.
  Yeah, yeah, up to the third floor.
  The third floor, work your way down.
  Using Marlene Dietrich as a battering ringer.
  Right, right, right, they got the Betty Davis thing  with her hands out, with the like,  I love what close-up is in the man,  it's a slice of corn, everything like,  shh, shh, shh.
  Driving Travolta's car out the door.
  They got grease lightning.
  Yeah, man.
  It's like Game of Thrones,  like it's like the different houses on block  and like you're in charge of one and you have the power.
  As you say that, I am thinking back to being down there  like yesterday and then other times before.
  I'm like, oh yeah, when I was,  when someone was asking me if I wanted to buy a CD,  no one was simultaneously asking if I wanted to take a tour  and when I was buying a hot dog, no one bothered me.
  Like everyone had their own zone.
  Yeah, it's completely sectioned off.
  They know not to bother you  when you're trying to buy a hot dog.
  Well, there's a certain hungry aura.
  I got that blade on me.
  I got you a slice of pie in the block.
  But yeah, man, oh yeah, but it's all illegal, right?  So it's like not even rooted in any sort of law,  it's just like they've decided  that this is where we're gonna stand  and sell these things even though  they have no permission to be out there.
  Do you have characters out there,  like the costume characters?  Yeah, they're out there.
  They're crazy too.
  They're just all insane.
  I think now I kind of have a soft heart for them.
  Now they're reflecting back,  but they were definitely just all usually on drugs.
  It was just weird because you see these guys  dressed up like Spider-Man or whatever  and hugging kids and you're like,  then I see him later behind the building  when I get up with his mask off,  smoking, cracking behind the thing.
  You're like, oh weird, that's weird  that he was hugging these kids earlier.
  Yeah, no, it's a wild world.
  Yeah, it is like a game.
  It's like its own universe.
  Yeah, it's very disturbing.
  Power structures and truces in play  and then if somebody breaks the rules,  then the whole power is changed,  the whole structure moves.
  Yeah, and there's big collect,  what do you call it, when the Lannisters  and they work together.
  We have- Yes.
  Alliance.
 Alliance.
  The biggest one, I think Madden-Tissot's smartly was like,  we're not winning this on our own  and they lined up with Starline,  which was the tour company,  and then you started seeing the Starline buses  with the Madden-Tissot banner on it.
  Once we did that, we had basic control of the whole block.
  It was literally like the West Coast.
  We were like, oh, now we have this side of the block  and now because of Starline,  we have pretty much the entire Hollywood,  the East side of Hollywood,  which is like, no one can fuck with us at that point.
  Starline's like the fucking,  they're rooted deep in Hollywood,  you don't fuck with them.
  There's little tour companies that they must muscle out  and try to push- Yeah, the little small ones,  they gotta get their permit.
  We gotta go to them to make sure it's okay  that we sell our tours here.
  It's like risk or something,  like if you can get Madden-Tissot  and then you can get the Hooters across the street,  then you can kind of form your own country there  and then that's a fortified wall.
  We took the Baja fresh.
  Yeah, yeah, we got the Baja fresh.
  Yeah, yeah, Baja fresh.
  Raise a flag.
  Yeah, raise a flag.
  Raise a flag.
  And then Merlin has to manage this  in all the major cities of the world  because this microcosm is going on in,  yeah, not just in America and New York and Vegas and stuff,  but in Istanbul and Shanghai  and Australia and I'm sure they all have their own little  unwritten rules and tourism districts and stuff.
  I can't even imagine, yeah, especially out overseas.
  Even New York, yeah, or Vegas too.
  Vegas is like a legit, that's like a real-  That was the first one in America in the Venetian.
  Oh really, I didn't know that.
  Oh wow, yeah, that one's really cool.
  I like how they all have an area that's specific  to where they are where it's like,  we have old Hollywood  and then they have the Rat Pack and all that.
  It's very cool.
  Oh, gotcha.
  There's a lot of different, oh, okay.
  Oh, I was gonna say, my girlfriend lived in Orlando  for a long time and she said when you go to the Orlando one,  the very first wax figure you would see  would be Ponce de Leon.
  What?  Yeah.
  Because it's Florida, it's like the Florida history.
  Oh, okay.
  That's so funny.
  What it was, the most specific historical I figure,  I found at the Istanbul location,  the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror,  the one who conquered Constantinople, making it Istanbul.
  Wow.
  It was a wax figure.
  It is town.
  He has one there, wow.
  Yeah.
  Man, they really be going, how did it, yeah, like that shit,  they really like secretly are just like,  kinda like locked in, like they might be able to say  global warming or something, like the way they are positioned,  like they're just positioned all over the world  and they seem like they, at least making a,  wherever they go, making some kind of connection to the,  or the place that they are.
  The DC one is like, has a lot of really cool ones too.
  But yeah, that shit, it's like crazy how they actually,  like, you know, they get by it, like I always thought  like wax figure is sort of lame  before I started working there, but it is like,  there's like a art to it, like some kind of craft to it  and it like, even I'll never forget my first day,  like Nicole Kidman like fell, like a kid pushed her  and like her head shattered everywhere.
  Whoa.
  It was like nightmare.
  It was such, I can't get that image out of my head.
  It's the hate.
  I was like, oh my God, Nicole Kidman.
  I was like, but yeah, it was, it's like,  this thing's expensive, yo, this shit's crazy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I was gonna ask like the situation  with damage in general, that's crazy to have  in the first day, was it a pre-winter?  I started, yeah.
  Oh, when you started, yeah, yeah.
  Does that happen a lot though, where there people  gang up? It does, yeah.
  Like they get damaged a lot  cause people are pretty like aggressive with them,  but we have like, it's funny, you know,  another crazy thing is, so we have this thing  where we have to take them off if they get damaged  cause we don't want them to look bad on the floor  and, but they have this interesting rule  where you're not allowed to move the figures  without them being covered and it's like,  it's like some psycho, human psychological thing  where like they like, we're not allowed to like  show moving bodies like that, like it's like a weird.
  Like a corpse.
 Yeah, yeah.
  We put it in the, you cover it before you put it  in the ambulance.
 Yeah, like this,  especially if disbelief or something like,  so we have to like put a sleeping bag over them  and like take, so that would happen all the time,  like, oh, like some kid would like scratch  just a tip of like in the face  and then we have to like take him off and like, we like,  it's like a secret mission, we're like, do it,  we like block it off.
 It's like a kidnapping.
  Yeah, it feels like that.
  It feels like, yeah, it's so, it's so interesting,  but that happens a lot.
  I mean, the full head shattering is like rare.
  I mean, that doesn't happen all the time  because they're like, they're pretty pegged in.
  I was surprised like first, whoever got them off.
  Was that what it is?  Because they have to be light enough  to be moved in theory, but then they can't be,  they gotta be locked down for.
  Yeah, it's really the head is all the thing  that's the only one that's really actually valuable.
  Like the body is just a mannequin.
  Like it's basically a mannequin.
  It's like you say, you're pretty, it's pretty light.
  You could like, you could definitely do a heist  and like get a couple out of there, but yeah, not that.
  Cause they'll reuse that, like if somebody is retired,  like for instance, evidently New York had a Matt Lauer  and then obviously they don't want to keep having  a Matt Lauer.
 Sure.
  So you can just take those hands off, take that head off  and then like that can be somebody else.
  Exactly.
  So they're really upsized.
  They discovered a few years ago, the Beatles wax heads  that were the ones that were photographed  for the cover of Sergeant Pepper's.
  Oh yeah.
  And those heads were like just in a storage  at Madame Tussauds in London for a long time.
  And they were auctioned off for over $80,000.
  Wow.
 Like $81,000.
  That seems low to me.
  That seems low to me, yeah.
  The Beatles heads from Sergeant Pepper's on the cover?  You're clogging like a 20,000 a head.
  Yeah, the ones from the, I think maybe Paul's was a replica.
  Half a million at least.
  Yeah, I know.
  For the Beatles heads from Sergeant Pepper's.
  Yeah, the ones that are like just over their shoulder.
  The ones that are like the mop top ones.
  Oh, right.
  Yeah.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah.
  The craziest one I looked up in terms of like  people fucking up figures was that there was a Berlin,  when the Berlin Madame Tussauds opened,  on the first day that it opened,  the second guy in the door made a beeline  for the history room where there was a Hitler.
  And he started yelling stuff about no more war  and then just charged at Hitler and yanked the head off.
  So this was like the first morning.
  They had a Hitler.
  A lot of them have, I don't know if Madame Tussauds does,  but I've seen multiple Hitlers for sure.
  I saw Hitler on one of the videos.
  There's a few Hitlers floating around.
  The London one was in the Hall of Horrors,  I believe it was called.
  Oh yeah, sometimes they go up in like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  With like monsters and stuff.
  Yeah, with fun monsters like Frankenstein and Dracula  and Hitler, that fun gangster.
  Well, I was looking.
  Hong Kong just has a Hitler still floating around  in the historical section, it seems like.
  Okay, okay, yeah.
  The one I went to, the Louis Tussauds in Niagara Falls.
  Don't talk his name.
  I'm sorry, yeah, I'll make sure it's the last time I say it.
  But they had like a house of horror and I had a video  and I don't, if I, I might bring this up again,  I was like wasted for sure in that one  because Niagara Falls, I don't know how you get through  Niagara Falls without being drunk as hell.
  It is like such a bizarre, stressful, unpleasant place.
  And they leave it open late and I think the idea is like,  this is the wax museum that's a little shittier  and you run around and you're drunk at it.
  And that one had a bunch of video of a house of horrors  where like it goes from a crypt keeper that's talking  past some guy I didn't recognize over to Saddam Hussein.
  What?  And I had to zoom into the name tag to be able to tell  who it was because he honestly kind of looked like  Alec Baldwin with a mustache.
  He might have been a reused Alec Baldwin.
  Yeah, it was an old Alec Baldwin.
  I think maybe, yeah, yeah.
  That's hilarious.
  But like, but that one in general, and I've seen,  I saw this complaint on different Yelps that they would put,  everybody has a name tag because it is a little iffy  who everybody is.
  Like I saw the full name Beyonce Knowles.
  You know how everybody says her last name all the time  because Beyonce is not famous enough?  But I think maybe they did have to do the full,  because it was questionable.
  This was truly, like the teeth were so clearly not  Beyonce's teeth.
  The thing was so strange.
  Like you'd be like, okay, it says Beyonce,  but it might be a different Beyonce that I don't know.
  Beyonce Henderson.
  Beyonce Smith.
  Yeah.
  Ah, okay.
  Beyonce and the flight attendant.
  She's just like, I'm famous.
  Yeah, we have one that was like,  if the opposite too happens, not damaging,  but people will come in, like they have like so much reverence.
  Like Michael Jackson, we had a Michael Jackson one,  and every day this woman would come in there  with flowers and stuff and just stay in there all day.
  Oh my.
  Yeah, and just kind of be there.
  I don't know what she was doing,  but just she was in the room with him all day,  wouldn't leave.
  But she would have enough money every time,  would buy a ticket and go in.
  But yeah, that shit, it's kind of weird.
  I always thought it was,  I grew up really religious,  so I've always been interested in idolatry and stuff.
  And it is interesting.
  Like essentially it is like a religious experience  because we kind of do worship celebrities.
  So you're like, this is like a temple,  like in a weird way to like the way our culture is.
  Cause it's like the very fact that it exists as a thing to do  is like really interesting.
  I guess it makes sense like in an era where like Instagram  and social media is so big that you can go right up to them  and touch them and there's like props  and they want you to put your arm around them  and take a picture.
  When we first started talking about this,  I was like, oh, it's wax museum.
  They're probably like a little removed,  like a museum, like sculptures or paintings.
  They're a little removed, set back,  and you don't want to get too close to them.
  And then my grandma was like,  no, you get up and fuck around with them.
  There's like hats you can put on at some spots  and take a picture with them.
  Oh yeah.
  I did not know that either.
  I didn't know about the costumes and everything,  which I didn't, we're still pretty COVID-y  and now we're kind of Delta-y.
  So I didn't put any spare hats on.
  I put the hat on.
  You did a hat.
  Which hat?  The cowboy hat.
  They still got like Paul Newman over there.
  Yeah, Paul Newman, Robert Redford.
  But you will see through the sequence of photos  I took yesterday of how I started to disregard COVID  as I went through the museum  because I was being so delighted by it.
  Yeah, it's really hard.
  You were just falling for the magic.
  I start out so like mask on this.
  At the end, I'm doing pictures with Audrey Hepburn,  mask-less, I'm asking strangers to take my photo.
  I'm like, look, I'm only gonna be here once  in like this part of the year probably.
  I'm not gonna be here like a lot.
  So I better make the most of it.
  Unless, did it convert you?  You're gonna be like that Michael lady now?  I.
.
.
  Yeah, I think you're covered every once in a while.
  I'm bringing flowers to Ingrid Bergman tomorrow  if anyone wants to go with me.
  Oh man, but it would be like not dope,  but it's really cool when they like,  it is when it's the anniversary of somebody's death.
  Like we do like cool shit, like where we like,  well like I'm trying to think like, who do we do that for?  It was someone like Ingrid,  like one of the old Hollywood ones  where we just like did like this whole celebration to them.
  And it's like, people could come in and like, yeah,  it's really, yeah, it was a really cool museum.
  I guess it's cool.
  Yeah, it's so, it's such a weird part of my life,  but that shit is like cool.
  It is like, I always felt cool giving people tickets.
  Like I could always get people free tickets  and that was like my one currency where I'm like,  I can get you into Wet Madams and Sells.
  That's what I can do for you.
  They have a, they also have like a really cool rooftop.
  If you ever want to throw a party or something,  you can rent it and like, they have the, like,  they would have like Alfred Hitchcock,  like a lot of the parties would do like,  kind of like scare, like a Halloween thing.
  And you do like Alfred Hitchcock  and have them all up there.
  And then people are like partying or whatever.
  Should probably do a live show up there.
  Could we do a live show up there?  Oh, definitely.
  I mean, it's very expensive, but.
  All right.
  Tickets are $700.
  But yeah, you get to take a picture with Bridget Bardot.
  Yeah.
  Johnny Grant.
  You'll find me by Johnny Grant,  the honorary mayor of Hollywood.
  I can't believe I was the first to bring up Johnny Grant.
  That's so insane.
  Like I was so delighted.
  I took pictures being as if my mind was being blown  by being in the presence of Johnny Grant.
  Johnny Grant is the weirdest.
  That's the weirdest one.
  Yeah.
  Johnny Grant there when you were there?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He's the, cause he isn't his audio,  like the thing that welcomes you when you go in that room.
  He's like, welcome to Hollywood.
  Like this is a wonderful place to be.
  Yeah.
  I heard it.
  Are they?  Did I just not associate that with him?  There was some sort of narration.
  I don't think I was looking that closely.
  Yeah, I wasn't paying attention to it.
  I mean, I did like, I mean, Johnny Grant was like,  yeah, the quote unquote honorary mayor,  but he just sat on a lot of the boards that did like the walk of fame and the,  that, you know, Chinese.
  He was always in those little ceremonies.
  He's always hosting the handprints and the, and the star ceremonies.
  He's kind of like the,  I think like the Hollywood equivalent of like Danny Gans is in Vegas,  where it's like Danny Gans was no one knew Danny Gans outside of Vegas.
  But then in Vegas, he's like one of the most famous people in the city.
  Oh yeah, that's good.
  I didn't know when I moved here, I had no idea who he was.
  But yeah, over time, I guess he's like, out of our spec.
  Out of our deal.
  This Mickey Rooney, this like the spirit of the city.
  So yeah, I want to know who else is like, what figures are there now?  Because like last time I was there, you go up, there's the party room.
  The party room is a real mind blow.
  The party room is wild.
  You expect maybe to be like led in slowly.
  Like this will build to something.
  Like I feel like maybe even other wax museums might,  and I've seen them more like end with like,  and then here's the grand room with it's Bob Hope and Lucy and kind of the people  you expect.
 But then to get off the elevator and immediately be in the room  of like all current, like actually legitimately currently relevant  stars all in a party with a light up floor and everything.
  Yeah, it's a Beyonce, Stonksville play.
  I think they were doing all the single ladies.
  I heard that somewhere.
  Yeah, she got moved down to, I think you were talking the behind the scenes.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  She is a lot of videos about with her talking about sitting for.
  Well, she's too.
 She has two figures.
  Oh, she does have to.
  Yeah, she's too.
  She's in the music room and she's at the very end.
  Oh, OK.
  I think they were pushing Ariana Grande.
  Like, oh, that's no, she wasn't there when I was.
  She had a big display.
  Ariana Grande looks so real.
  I felt so uncomfortable.
  I'm taking a photo with these figures.
  I'm alone.
 Did you feel odd?  That one I took.
  Yeah, that I felt letharious.
  Taking photo like a photo with.
  Are you like by yourself as a single guy?  You kind of like you're like, all right, can you take a picture of me?  I already had a girl.
  Well, I did.
 I was not going to ask anyone to do that.
  I felt like I was.
  I felt like my way through the theater.
  I did not want any like I didn't want to like, can you take a picture of me  and Howard Hughes?  I I took a photo.
  I took a photo on the bike.
  I mean, on the E.
T.
 bike, I did take a photo.
  I asked the younger.
  There were some like late, like two ladies that were like following me around  and they were happy to take photos with me.
  They were directing me.
  They were giving me notes and then which is fun.
  But then for the E.
T.
 bike, I gave some younger girl my phone  and she did not want to do it.
  She clearly don't want to do it.
  And then her dad, I guess he was with this goes like, oh, honey, where are you?  She goes, some guy wants me to take a photo of him.
  And I was like,  like this man.
  Yeah.
 Did you do the wax thing?  The hands.
 Did you do the wax hands?  Hands were closed.
 I was prepared to buy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Damn.
  I'm so glad I did not work there.
  They're in code.
 That would have been a nightmare.
  Yeah.
 It's a small space.
  Yeah.
 But people used to pass out all the time.
  It was such a like I feel like I learned so much about like first aid work  in there, too, just because.
  Yeah.
 Like I was constantly having to like save like lives.
  Like it's like there is like so because it was so hot.
  So the way you did a wax hand, I don't know if you have you ever done one  in general, like at a fair or whatever.
  No, no.
 So like they basically put your hand in like ice cold water  for like 30 or 40 seconds or something like that.
  And it's super cold.
  Like it's really cold.
  But then it numbs it and then they put it in the hot wax.
  Right.
 And then it pulls it out and makes a hand that you could keep.
  But sometimes in the summer,  but sometimes in the summertime when they do that, they'll just pass out.
  So it would be like it would just be we had like we had to come up with a code  for past someone passed out and we'd have to go down and like and like give them  water, all this shit.
 And it was crazy.
  Like, yeah.
 And like there were so many times where it was just like,  like, I'd never realized that that's part of being a manager is like someone.
  If someone gets hurt in there, you are the first person that like, right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I was like, oh, yeah, I always felt like a, you know,  I just I feel like I became an adult working there.
  Yeah.
 Oh, I have to like I have to do like this lady was like bleeding in the  bathroom and I like it was like literally about to close.
  It was like just me and the janitor.
  She's like she's the janitor.
  She's so funny.
 She was like, she's like this lady, she's bleeding in there.
  And I'm like, you got to go in there.
  I'm like, you go in there.
  And it was just like it was like we had to call an ambulance.
  It was like it was crazy, man.
  I was like, I like that this shit.
  And yeah, people like it's like  maybe just the Hollywood nature of it or just the fact that it's like a tour.
  But it was just like every day there was something like it was always a thing.
  But but and that's but in essence, I like really know CPR.
  I know how to do all that shit.
  So like if anything happens to you all, if you want to go to a theme park,  I'll help you out.
  They party.
 You got to know that should have been parts.
  People get.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Vomiting.
  Do you vomit incidents?  Oh, all the time.
 Yeah.
  Vomiting like a lot of like a lot of summer type illness, like hot people  being too hot, not drinking enough water, like that kind of shit would happen a lot.
  What else?  Like, you know, a lot of homeless stuff, you know, almost like just, you know,  they're like they'll just walk up in there and like I would have to like get them out.
  Like, yeah, it's like a weird like thing.
  I think like the homeless people were actually became cool after a while  because you get to know them and stuff like I like know them.
  Like I like like when I see them, I'm like, oh, shit, I know he used to be over there.
  It's like we're interesting to be like  sort of have a relationship with people who are just live on the street.
  But but yeah, man, it's a life.
  That's the life I lived my life, you know,  the man of two souls story.
  But I'll tell you one more story.
  I got I got a hell of story.
  I haven't talked about this in so long.
  It's crazy.
 I'm like, I could believe it.
  So it was like people like, oh, they want to hear about this.
  I'm like, I can talk about it.
  I'll fucking say, OK, so it was so funny.
  So so we had this one because the janitor thing reminded me of this.
  So like this guy, Byron, he was like this  kind of like tall black dude kind of reminds me of like Keith David,  you know, like that kind of vibe.
  And he like he so he was like cool as hell.
  But he he kind of was out for back surgery for a while.
  Right.
  Well, meanwhile, we had we had this really cool collab with Jamba Juice.
  Right.
 So Jamba Juice  would basically set up in our courtyard because we had we had that black.
  We had that we own it up part of the property and they would basically sell or  give out, you know, sell Jamba Juice to the public.
  People walking on the boulevard.
  Right.
  So as a bonus, we would if you worked that magic, so you get to get a free smoothie.
  So we was coming in every day to work and in the smoothie.
  Right.
 It was like the best because it was like they were so good.
  It was like whatever reason that was like  the perfect type of treat you wanted in that moment.
  And it just like was making it was like  the happiest I've ever seen of my employees.
  They were just like always in a good mood.
  We did it for like three months.
 Right.
  And it was so funny.
  So it was like, you know, you know how you know, when you're at work,  you work at a place like that, that kind of like no one really wants to be there.
  But there's like one thing or like we do  Chick-fil-A on Sundays and it's just like the biggest thing in the world just  because it's just like makes you somewhat happier to have a life existence.
  Everything.
 Yeah.
  Look over.
 Yeah.
  Like this free aspect to it.
  So everyone's just talking about it a lot.
  So like finally, Byron comes back with a surgery.
  And like literally we're doing the pre.
  So we do this meeting every morning called pre show.
  Right.
 And you just kind of give everybody update.
  And  the guy, the manager is like that day, he's like,  so last day yesterday was the last day working with Jama Juice.
  And then Byron lost his shit.
  He was like, what is it with smoothies?  I told my wife I was going to bring her a smoothie.
  I told my wife I was going to bring her a smoothie.
  Oh, no, you're all wrong for this.
  And he was like, he was going crazy.
  He was like walking up and down the museum.
  Like it was like it was like a scene from Family Guy or something.
  Because you're like walk away and they're like, I can't believe you got rid of the  smoothies.
 Like he was just so like he was like, it was like, you know,  you just know he had been hearing about it.
  You know, like the other janitors, like the other janitors probably were like,  yo, Byron, they got these free smoothies, man.
  That shit is dope.
  He's like, oh, word.
  I can't wait to get back there.
  And it was just it was like I never see someone like a heart just break in front  of me.
 It was so funny.
 I'll never forget that.
  He's been sleeping on the couch for weeks because he fails to bring the.
  Yeah, it was just like, oh, where's the fucking smoothie?  Byron, he told me that she was going to bring me one.
  Provider or not.
  Like fucking liar.
  I'm telling you, they had him.
  I swear to God, it was a whole thing.
  I swear.
 But yeah, that was a trip.
  My God, Byron.
  Oh, I hope he found his happiness.
  That pain is real.
  I don't know that I would have flipped out, but I would I would be upset.
  Yeah, like you say, why?  Why today of all days?  I stopped this shit.
  So sad.
  Yeah, I there was an old job that I used to work that I hated.
  And a lot of other people did, too.
  But the food trucks, different food trucks would be there every day.
  Yeah.
 And like Wednesdays, like every other  Wednesday was always like boba and popcorn chicken.
  And everyone lined up for everyone.
  Love this truck.
  But then the days where it's like, oh, we got a catering gig or like, oh,  the truck broke down, it needs some maintenance.
  It's not going to be here today.
  Just everyone walking around very defeated.
  They can't just shove popcorn chicken in their mouths.
  Yeah, these jobs suck.
  Like nobody want to be here.
  And you're like, that's the one thing I always like.
  Remember now working in the writers room and shit.
  It's like, it don't matter how hard that job gets.
  Like people want to be here.
  They want to be in TV.
  Yeah.
 Like when I was managing these people,  you know, I remember my first day as a manager, you know, just trying to motivate.
  I told this girl, I go, I started clocking out for the day and I walked up to her.
  I was like, hey, I just wanted to let you know you had a really great day today.
  Your numbers are really high.
  And she's like, Lamar, I don't give a fuck.
  And they're like, walk away.
  And it's like, oh, like they hate this.
  It's like a lot of them really want to, you know, especially in Hollywood,  they want to be they want to do what I'm doing.
  But it was funny.
 I would get it.
  I would always get really bitter to it.
  Because I'm like, you think I want to do this shit?  I want to be an actor, too, because they would call out all the time for auditions  and shit.
 And I'd be like, I get so mad because it's like, you know how auditions  like there's no way you can really do that efficiently and be a good employee.
  Because you're basically finding out the day of and you're like, oh, I can't come in.
  I got an audition.
 And I should get so mad because I'm like, you think I want to  audition, too? I can't just fucking leave.
  But, you know, whatever.
  I try to support them.
  One of us doing actually really good, my homegirl Deja, is like she was.
  It's so funny because she was like  so funny to me, like always made me laugh.
  Like she was like one of those people that kind of like, you know, like was  unapologetically, I'm here to be a star.
  Like sure, hired her.
  She's like, I'm a fucking star.
  I can sing.
 I can act.
  I can do all of it.
  And she's like fucking work.
  I've seen her.
 I've seen her.
  And it's like, you know, we like I haven't talked to her yet about it.
  But I'm like, if I if I sell this, I'm going to cast her in it and we're going to  fucking get way.
 I'm going to make sure we get wax figures in that motherfucker.
  We're going to be next to each other and we'll be in our uniforms.
  I think that'd be that'd be like such a dope ass dream to be like, you could be  like, they worked here and now they're actually famous and like they're wearing.
  Oh, and the company would love that.
  They would be thrilled at that.
  Yeah, that was like, yeah, I would get this.
  You want to work there?  The ultimate would be working there and then becoming a wax figure.
  Yeah, that would be the dream.
  Yeah, just being like it is like fully getting waxed, like just being waxed out.
  It's just like I can't move.
  But yeah, no, but there was some talented people working there.
  Like I remember one time I had to fire this guy.
  He goes and he just starts singing like he's like, please don't fire me.
  I need this job.
  Please, I have so much to offer.
  He just started singing and it was his voice was pretty good.
  I actually I was I was so bad at firing.
  I just basically like kept him.
  Just was like, I was like, all right, whatever you can say.
  Good enough.
  Sung your way back.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Wow.
  It is wow.
  Just having to be in charge of like I say, like to your point, it's just like most  people, no one's coming there to want to work in that and want to be at a wax work  at a wax museum.
  But they you know, you have to kind of  motivate them to actually care when they're not getting paid enough money to begin with.
  So it's like it's ridiculous.
  Sure.
 So yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You're like, I can't really fault you.
  I can't know what it is, but it's kind of nice like that.
  You know, that's like the real Hollywood experience, like all these people who want  to do other things and be writers and actors and singers and stuff.
  Yeah.
 Getting in on the ground floor.
  We're like in the like dirty center of Hollywood.
  Right.
 Right.
  Which that like, I don't know, like you got to feel like, yeah.
  If then if you go on to do anything like I really did it, I like did the the trashy  ladder center of Hollywood experience.
  I started here and now I'm here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's a weird.
  It gave me a lot of perspective because you kind of see most people who would work  there at a place like that are like fresh in Hollywood.
  They really just like just like me.
  I had just got moved here.
  So you're like you see the sort of cycle of like I wouldn't call it delusion, but  just like this idea of like what they think it's going to be.
  And then like because I've been I worked  there for seven years, so I've seen them and then and then like they're basically  like two years in and they're like, I got to go back home.
  Like this is you just see that people cycle in and out.
  And you realize like really the secret is I just don't leave.
  But yeah, yeah.
  I mean, it's like I worked there.
  I basically was like  full on like I had a full career there, like but it wasn't like I knew that like  this was I was like, oh, my comedy career is not happening.
  It's like this is what's going to this is what I'm going to end up doing.
  Yeah.
  But it was so interesting because the way that I ended up leaving Madison was like  because I had got such a big reputation with the photo department, this other  company wanted to recruit me and they kind of like sneakily was like, hey,  we're going to build this new photo site up at Warner Brothers in the tour.
  And we want you to open it and run it.
  Right.
  But they didn't tell because they were they're like they partner with Mountain  Souls, but they were like kind of like, we want you over here.
  So but they offered me like it was like  almost three times what I was getting paid at at the Met Wax Museum.
  And I was like, I but I kept feeling like if I take this job, like my every  all the dream I have of being a comedian and writer is done.
  Like I'm this is who I am.
  And I remember calling somebody.
  I just remember I think it was one of my best friends.
  And I just asked him if I should do it.
  And it was like he was like,  yeah, like you should do it.
  I mean, it was like it's so much more money.
  And you can like that because that to me was like the thing was like you just  always want to be able to afford to live here.
  Like that was always the thing that I felt like I was missing because I kept  trying to skip over and I'm like, fuck that.
  I want to be I want to be in a writer's room.
  Get me in there.
  But then it wasn't happening.
  And the harder you try to like halfway work, like I'm part time working.
  Yeah.
  Until hopefully my dreams come true or like a big break.
  But so I took the job.
  It was so crazy.
  So it was like basically what it was.
  This was like right after like like after the seven years.
  So I go to Warner Brothers.
  I start this whole site.
  I don't know if you've ever been there, but there's like,  you know, if you go on a Warner Brothers tour and on the studio lot,  they have this whole section called it's called like Studio 64 or something like  that.
 It's not called that.
  I hope that it wasn't called that way.
  Like it's like some kind of part of the tour.
  So the tour you go around the studio lot and you go in this room.
  And we created these like experiences where you get to ride the bat bike and  and you get to ride the Harry Potter broom.
  And it's like it films you like you're going.
  It's almost like a 3D experience where you're like in it.
  And then you get to keep the video or whatever.
  So I like hired everybody.
  I like install it.
  We like was there for the construction, the whole thing.
  We did a grand opening and everything.
  And it was like a huge success.
  And then like and then I got my first  writing job offer like literally that week and I just like left.
  It was crazy.
  Like it's just like it's never like to be like it doesn't matter.
  Because like if when it happens, it'll happen.
  But none of the stuff you did before will matter.
  It's not like I did it the right way or anything.
  I fucking worked in corporate world for eight years.
  But the but yeah, that place that place is cool.
  You have to check that out.
  I don't know if you ever want to do that one.
  We could do a part two.
  I can tell you all about that.
  That's what we're talking about.
  Yeah, I added a bunch of new stuff to it.
  Like, yeah, I heard reopening for Go that after Go.
  But I mean, yeah, so we'll get there.
  Still know people in all these places to some extent.
  If you walked in, would you or maybe not the location?  But like, well, I just found out one of my  closest friends who had moved away when I quit.
  I just literally found out yesterday that she is back in L.
A.
  and is working at what Max Wattam says right now.
  So I might go up there and say what's up to her.
  But for the most like the guy, Colin, who hired me, he's gone.
  Like I don't I don't think a lot of the people I worked with are still there.
  But I'm still I'm still friends with a lot of the people.
  But yeah, that shit was a lifetime, you know.
  That's a long career.
  That's not even like a quick dip of the toe into a profession.
  You really did a full arc.
  A lot of your life.
  Yeah, it's definitely more of my life is that world than the current world that I'm  doing right now, because I haven't like beat it yet for a few years.
  I will.
 But yeah, man, not that shit.
  To me, that shit is like  it's so like cool to just work somewhere where you actually like think like  it has a sense of irony, but you always get for remember it.
  Like you're saying, Mike, or you're like you get there, you have this irony about it.
  And then you're like, oh, yeah, this is a cool thing.
  Like it's hard to like be like, it's like it's hard to get that.
  It's hard to keep the like this is lame thing going.
  It's just like it's like falling into it a little bit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Which, hey, you know,  all your stories are amazing and everything.
  It is a it is a cool place.
  You want to like what else do we feel like about art?  Because I I feel you caused like some fun days for all of we all went, by the way,  not together, but not telling anyone that we're I think we all wanted to come in  like I went to know I went and we all went separately.
  Yes, I did a I did a family trip.
  We all went.
 Oh, really?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I brought my my 15 month old.
  And so I got to thank you for that, for bringing this topic to our attention,  because I was like, how is he going to respond to this?  Is it going to be weirded out?  And he didn't really care about the wax figure so much.
  But it's just like a room with a bunch of lights and stuff.
  So in that party room, he was just like he hasn't been to that many parties  in his life, maybe he's never been to an indoor party.
  He was born during COVID.
  So like this was like a light up stage  where there's glowing on the floor and Demi Lovato is up there.
  Like he's going nuts.
  He's walking around and clapping.
  There was like a there's a kind of a kind of a scary room like with with tombs.
  And I don't know how much is the same as over there.
  But that, you know, that's, you know, Frankenstein's in there, Dracula and stuff.
  And then like, but there's like they projected a bunch of bugs crawling around  the floor and that blew his mind.
 What's happening here?  He's trying to catch the Beatles.
  He's touching this big wall of garlic next to Dracula.
  He's trying to pull garlics off.
  But then he started then he's given high fives to  Quentin Tarantino's framing up a shot.
  He's got his arms out.
  So my kids giving him high five.
  This is like one of the best things.
  Wow.
  Don't love it.
  You say, yeah, what a success.
  So yeah.
  So I'm almost thinking like,  when museums are silly, I guess that might be funny to go see.
  And then I having a kid especially reminds you like, oh, yeah, no, these places are  great to go to, like, and then especially that magic is so well done.
  And so many little themed environments.
  That's what we care about.
  That's what we got.
 Lucy's kitchen up here.
  He he kept trying to go out little fake  doors.
 He didn't understand a set door.
  So like you do it here.
  But like Lucy's door, you walk up to it like, how do I get out of the kitchen?  Right.
 She was always one of my favorites.
  Yeah, that's right.
  She's right when you come in now.
  Is that what she was in the gift shop when I worked there?  She was a suit that she'd be the last thing you would see.
  So Lucy and Kong are in the lobby now.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Kong is totally new to me.
  I've never seen Kong with Shrek there.
  This one.
  Oh, and they gave her a set.
  So that's a set, the refrigerator.
  Yeah, she's got a full set.
  And I came straight from tennis.
  I look like shit.
  You've been playing tennis now.
  You must have looked so insane with a potato picture of Ariana Grande.
  With this group.
  Great.
  I think I like I guess because we took identical pictures.
  Ours are doing a peace sign with Lucy in masks.
  But I really was having because like I believe it or not, I've been playing tennis.
  I may have mentioned on the show.
  And I also I also in the last few years,  believe it or not, maybe I mentioned in the show or into haunts.
  So I started.
  Yeah.
 Believe it or not, if you haven't heard it.
  So I started getting like kind of haunt  flashbacks immediately because of how real some of the figures looked.
  So I couldn't my body physically couldn't go up to Lucy because I was sure.
  I obviously knew she wasn't alive, but there was some part of my like  prehistoric brain or whatever that's like this is a living person.
  And she's going to scare me.
  I got better.
  This is what we're learning is that you've never been to a wax museum.
  I never know if you would ever done, then you wouldn't be having.
  This is pretty like elementary stuff.
  I feel like things like scared of the figure.
  I found that feel.
  I found it a little unnerving first in that big.
  Scott, you're brave and you can do it.
  I was the king of that party.
  Being vulnerable on a podcast and explaining.
  It's just funny.
  I guess the first wax museum experience ever.
  And again, I would say like this, I'm glad you did this.
  This is great.
 You got to go check out like a crappy one.
  I know I'm all in.
  I don't want to take I'm a wax guy now.
  Who is that?  Rihanna? That's Rihanna.
  Mike loves wax.
  Lamar is a wax man, but I'm a wax man.
  Casual interest.
  And I got a wax baby.
  So I took a photo with Rihanna.
  Then I started feeling that's a great one.
  The first the first few of them, I also like was like, I can't.
  I don't want to get to again.
  I felt like this is a human being.
  And then there's some of the pop stars are like wearing a bathing suit.
  Then that made me also feel asivius.
  Yeah.
 And I was like, I can't like put my arm around this woman in a bathing suit.
  I think suits describe the sparkly.
  It's a bralette.
  What would you call that?  You know, I don't have a name exactly.
  You're right.
 Her midriff is showing.
  Scott, what would you call it?  You then just stuff to like Ryan Reynolds in a generic black suit.
  Yeah.
  George Lopez is going strong.
  He's not moved the elevator.
  It's funny.
 That's a funny first one.
  And this is all this is always the L.
A.
 thing.
  I'm wading into the water here.
  Those first two.
 I'm like, OK, it's like it is creeping me out a little bit.
  George, I thought it was a real person.
  I got off the elevator.
  I'm like, oh, there's some people just standing around in here.
  Yeah.
 And I was totally caught off guard.
  I went, oh, my God, they're all wax figures.
  There's barely any real humans in this room.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
 That happens to everyone when I used to work in that room and they would walk  off and always think George is real.
 Like, yes, this one is terrifying.
  He's crazy.
 Yeah.
  He's really scary.
  We didn't tell John.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah.
  But all these up.
 We'll put all these up.
  And then they have that.
  That's Lord.
  I wanted to in that room where I was like, who is this?  I was like, oh, it's Lord.
  And the other was, I think, Chloe Kardashian,  who's just in a very generic outfit.
  No, it's Kylie Jenner.
 It's not Chloe.
  You know what I mean? She's just standing by a chandelier.
  Oh, she looks perfect.
  She looks real.
  She looks like a real person.
  It was wild how real she looked.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I met you.
  Her shoulders are exposed.
  I'm not getting too close.
  OK, she's like, come over here.
  Come on.
 Morgan Freeman.
  You don't want to bother.
 He's wearing a scarf.
  Yeah.
  I will say when I work at night,  I used to close that thing at night and like there was this moment right around  1230 where the entire lights were shut out.
  But I had to I can't I had to walk all the way through the museum to get to my car.
  And if it if I always it was always a rush to get to finish before that happened,  because it's terrifying, like, you know, it's not like there's like no light.
  So you're like, you really can't tell what's you.
  It looks like just figures in the dark.
  And you're like, it's so scary.
  Well, because there's this history in movies and TV, horror movies and just like  regular movies or TV shows of like wax museums are creepy places.
  Something might start moving in here or you might get covered in.
  Yes.
 Well, in every talk show.
  Jason Derulo.
  He's coming.
 Yeah, he definitely did that pose.
  They probably they probably measured it.
  Oh, there's Elton John's.
 Oh, yeah, I see it.
  But not with they say they moved Elton from the stage.
  So Demi's up there.
 Demi Lovato's on the stage.
  Running around this.
  That was the best moment of his life.
 Yeah.
  The other thing you learn about is like because they're doing it, you know,  to the actual sizes are like, oh, yeah, celebrities are all not that tall.
  Bob Hope was tall.
 Yeah.
  Well, Jimmy Stewart and Snoop Dogg, I think were the tall.
  Jimmy Stewart freaked me out.
  I don't think I realized he was so tall, but like I could I could like Jimmy Fallon  take Timberlake.
 I love Meryl Streets figure.
  And to me, my favorite part of the Wax Museum is  this one is that they get real outfits like.
  Yes.
  That's definitely Betty White.
  Betty White and Betty White looks terrifyingly real as well.
  Yeah, I met her.
  She was she came in when she came and hung out with us and stuff.
  It was nice.
  Yeah.
  I had the experience in the party room of being sitting next to a wax figure of  someone who I have been around in real life, which is Conan O'Brien.
  Yes.
 Which is a very strange.
  I like this is new to me.
  I've never been here where I've been around the real person, which is really  that I think freaked me out on a cosmic level.
  And mainly I was worried that he would come to life, reveal that it's the real  him and start punching me in the arm, which is what he did in real life.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't think I'm telling tales out of school.
  That was a frequent.
  He left me alone mostly because I'm a weakling.
  He knew I couldn't take it.
  But there were some arm punches.
  Conan's on a bench and you could sit next to him.
  But also on that bench is Simon Cowell.
  And he's just kind of in the.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Those guys get moved.
  When we first started, we had the American Idol  room America when I first got hired, American Idol was the thing.
  Like they had just like become a thing.
  And since then, like those figures have not found a home.
  They just keep moving.
  Like, what's the main guy's name?  The host.
  Seacrest.
 Yeah.
  Seacrest.
 He moves around so much they can't figure out where to put it.
  Because he's not in the movie area and he's not in the classic Hollywood area.
  Like, what do you.
  They had him by the bar in the party.
  Was he still there?  He was last time I was there.
  He's just there's like a bar in the corner.
  He just sit in there like as if he's at a Hollywood party and he's like,  this is probably where I would be currently at the bar.
  Barack Obama.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Why is that?  That's kind of behind Betty White.
  Like he was lurking in the photo you had earlier.
  I was going to ask this.
  Was there ever a time where there were more political figures?  Because I feel like other wax museums would have a lot of that.
  But this is the Hollywood ones.
  Right.
 Less.
  No.
  Yeah.
  Barack was our only major political one.
  There was a time where he was the feature.
  Like when he was he was literally the first thing you would see when you came in.
  But DC has a lot of them.
  Yeah, they got all of them.
  Yeah.
  Recent presidents and then like Uncle Sam.
  They got somewhere.
  It's like here's Albert Einstein.
  And you turn like in some of the other  museums like here's Albert Einstein, you know, here's Winston Churchill.
  And now here's Rocket Raccoon.
  Yeah, they're breaking them.
  Like I remember there was a big we had a big fight at one of the pre shows because  we couldn't figure out the rule because I thought there was a rule that we don't  do characters like but it seems like breaking that rule or they're breaking that game.
  Marvel.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Because I remember we had it was a big argument.
  Because you went to the other manager who was like, they were like, no, we don't do  characters, we only do real people here and we're like, I don't know.
  I think I've seen a couple of characters.
  I definitely see the video game character in the action hero role.
  But it was like a huge debate.
  But I think I think it probably started out that way.
  And then they were like, well, might as well sell out.
  Yeah, people get kids in there, you know.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, they have the actual like Wolverine and shit.
  Kids aren't as interested in.
  There was a line of young people lining up to take this picture with Ingrid Bergman.
  Yeah.
  I will say this was like my when you hear my album coming out.
  We'll talk about it later.
  But I like really big on Hollywood and it's working here.
  Oh, nice.
  I really got into it.
  I love Audrey.
  I started getting so excited in this room.
  Yeah.
  I was an adult man alone wearing like sweats like tennis.
  Like, hey, I'm sweating too.
  It's hot outside.
  Band on, by the way.
  Well, my hair was so bad.
  I felt like it looked better with the headband on.
  And I didn't everyone in the museum.
  You're saying, sorry, I was playing tennis, tennis, early.
  It was tennis.
  I did not think also that I was going to be like taking photos with all these.
  I thought I would be taking photos from far away.
  So I probably would have gone home and put a suit on or something.
  Yeah.
 You got to go back and wear like a full.
  Yeah.
  Respect.
  So do you guys have my photos to some of them?  I have some of them.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's my favorite room right now.
  I've had worse.
  My arms are much shorter than yours.
  Oh, that's a Star Trek pop star trekking deck.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 This is my favorite one.
  That's obviously the best photo.
  I have multiple photos with him, but I won't show that.
  I won't bore you.
 Jack Nicholson.
  Yeah, there's one photo op and we'll put it on where he's got a cigar and he's  like at the Oscars and he's like telling you a joke.
  I assume it's dirty and you get to react to it.
  Mike's pretending he's not offended.
  Yeah.
 Well, he's yes.
  He's a legend.
  So I would not.
  I would I wouldn't scold him for the language.
  I'd burn you with that cigar.
  Yeah, I was this when I first walked in, I was like I'm people watching a little  because I was curious, like, oh, are people into this or people excited to be here?  Right.
 And I think  we saw a person walk by the Jimmy Fallon one went, oh, Jimmy Fallon looks so cute.
  And then down on the classic Hollywood  section, the Marlon Brando from The Godfather, a guy so loudly went, oh, yeah,  this is cool.
  I was like, I.
  Yeah.
 OK, it's working.
  It's working for people.
  What were your favorites of all the different photo ops?  Well, Johnny Grant.
  I was very excited that they had Johnny.
  Johnny Grant, too.
  Yeah.
  Howard Hughes, too, because it was just such an insane life, like such an insane  man, like it was so funny to see him like by Bogart and then like Fred Astaire and  Ginger Rogers.
 And then there's Howard Hughes and his like aviation.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Did you Lamar? Did you have a favorite years?  Yeah, I had a few.
  I think Morgan Freeman was one I just had to detail him was dope.
  Oh, yeah.
  Who else did I like?  I always liked the Meryl Streep.
  Trying to remember there was one I just  loved.
 I really love Shrek, too.
  Do you see Shrek?  I don't think Shrek's around.
  I think he got replaced with Kong.
  It sounds like you can't have Kong and Shrek.
  I feel like that that's a thing where like we only have one big ass thing because I  that was like a big deal.
  We used to have to because we would take him out in this front to have them  attract kids and stuff.
  And it would be so funny because he would like we had like a two hour window and he  started his face melting and we had to like run down and like bring him back in.
  It was so fun.
 But like I really like I really like Shrek.
  He was his his his shit is full wax.
  Like I don't know.
 It must have took a lot of wax because his head is like all wax.
  It is huge.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 A few of the museums have Shrek's and I swear like one of them.
  I don't know if one like the Google image results like one is a Madame Tussauds  Shrek and one is a bad Shrek.
  But there was one where it's like that Shrek face doesn't look right.
  I saw a lot where it's like, oh, that Shrek doesn't look right.
  Is there a melting possibility in general?  Is there an actual danger of that with these figures overall?  Yes, they will melt.
  They you put them in the sun, they will melt.
  They melt, they melt, they melt.
  I can't tell you all enough.
  But, you know, inside they're good.
  You know, you keep them in a cool area like room temp.
  They ain't gonna melt.
  But if you put them outside, like in L.
A.
 and California,  yeah, like you'll see when Shrek used to melt, like if you didn't get out there  fast enough, like his face would just like like it was like a legit like cost  benefit, we were just like, we're getting so many people  like excited by having them outside that it was worth the damage.
  We would actually like the guys in the back hated it because they we constantly  had they had to redo them all the time because it was just melting.
  Oh, yeah, because there's upkeep people.
  That's my that's my question.
  What does that look like?  How many people are working each day in that area?  It's like it's like one guy.
  Usually it's probably a staff of like three, but it was only like one in a day.
  And they're like, they're cool.
  They're like way cooler.
  They're like, they're like, oh, would you fuck up Shrek again or whatever?  I bring them in here.
  But they're like, they're not the guys who make them like they're like they like  hope to be those guys, you know, like you kind of start out in the in the bet.
  We call them behind the scenes guys and they not got there's women, too.
  So they all work back there and they kind  of just do like makeup and they keep their hair like it's a good job for like  you like in the hair and makeup to you do that.
  And then  but they have to they they're they're like their hopes is in the same way that I  got promoted to manager, they're hoping to get promoted to like the big  where they make the real shit and get a part of it.
  Is that where is that a centralized location?  I think it's in the UK.
  I don't know where, but it's definitely not in America.
  But I think I think it's out there.
  Can I say something about this zone with sort of the classic guys?  I the godfather, I got stuck there for a while  because my son was interested not so much in him, but in his desk, was just kind of  playing with his desk, just like the texture of the desk.
  So it made me stare at that for a while,  which made me notice that like it's really good and a good little set there.
  But Don Corleone's desk does have the the cord management holes like he's got like  hiding your your your iMac.
  So I guess and I don't I just I don't think that was his was the era where  having too many too many fucking cords,  so  those are killing me.
  Coppola see that he'll start to fit.
  They still have Kobe Bryant in there.
  I'm curious if they did anything with that.
  I don't think so.
  They had a really they had a sports or did they have a sports room?  No, I think that's what they turn into that scary room.
  Well, there's that or like the what was on the first floor was kind of the big  like final room before the behind the scenes  because currently it's a big 90s.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Like that's where Tupac is now.
  There's a saloon in there and there's kind of a 90s bedroom.
  Yeah, it's after this.
  Yes.
  Snoop in here.
  Snoop, I guess, counts as a 90s.
  I like the way they're appropriating the rappers.
  It's a little so nice.
  Yeah, like they deserve to be in the party room.
  I think it was Furbies and Tupac basically.
  Yeah, like Tupac should not be with Cameron Diaz with the sperm here.
  Like that's insane.
  Oh, yeah.
  Bodyguard era Whitney specifically.
  So maybe this was sports at some.
  Yeah, there were not the action here.
  A room like this had like they have Arnold in there.
  Arnold's in that room.
  But yeah, he's like they left him for because he gets technically that is the 90s.
  Who is that in the back with the suit on?  Pierce Brosnan.
  OK, yeah, yeah, he was there.
  He was there.
  Celine is back there.
  I don't I didn't put all the photos in.
  And then Madame Tussaud herself is on like a landing.
  She's on like the exit landing with the right of the axe.
  She is an insane person.
  She was making.
  She looks insane in this picture.
  There are some of her where she's like hunched over a desk and she this is like  the better version.
  Yeah, that's it's really creepy at the end.
  Yeah, like Mars Attacks haired woman  who like creates the perfect facsimiles of people.
  She also like she made heads off of she would like get decapitated heads,  heads that had gotten guillotined in the French Revolution.
  I believe so.
  I don't know.
  I can read a report on it, but I like she almost got beheaded at some point.
  I heard that.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, she like she had to have her head shaved and then she had to prove her  loyalty and some of proving loyalty was, well, you make the wax heads for people  we've cut the heads off of.
  Yes.
  And then how so how that it's this like  Hollywood Boulevard, hey, kids, come see the stars.
  And that this all stems somehow from this bizarre dark beheading era.
  Yeah.
  And then and then like Hollywood, the way she got out of it, it was like a friend  helped her out.
  So it's not like it's  a friend getting you a gig, but it is a friend getting you out of jail so you  don't get beheaded.
  Her hair.
  Let me be an assistant on your show.
  Work my way up.
  The Knott's Berry Farm two years ago did a maze, a haunted maze called Wax Works  about an evil wax person.
  And I was like, this is who she is, I think.
  Like like there's no telling like what like what's real.
  Probably in the old museum, like someone, this is real, you know?  Yeah.
  Like I wonder like what they don't say.
  I'm sure there's like a part of her history.
  They don't they're not like telling in the museum to these kids and stuff.
  Like at 3 a.
m.
 she'd get the shovel and go to the graveyard.
  She's obsessed with that.
  Yeah.
  Oh, she'd sleep in the coffin with one of them.
  She had to take reference feels.
  She couldn't take reference pictures.
  Yes.
  Her face had to rub up against their face for eight hours during sleep in a coffin  every night for a while.
  Yeah.
 No, she's she's a great villain.
  I mean, look, look at her.
  No, no, no.
 My grandson is the Louie is the villain.
  Let's be clear about this.
  There could be two villains.
  I'm sure Louie thinks that she's the villain.
  They're the villain.
  Like they're the evil corporate villain.
  That'd be funny if he's just like a great guy.
  Like I'm just totally brainwashed because I'm like, yeah,  you only heard it from the man.
  I was just like, like you said, he's openly like he's just awesome.
  He's like, you know, come in, drink it here and party like he's like, right.
  Cool as hell.
 He was the real he was the good one.
  Yeah.
 That's that was that's been there since the OG.
  That's that's has not.
  OK, this is this new Marvel room and maybe they aren't all new.
  They write them together.
  Is that wax technically? No, no, that's like not a wax figure.
  I guess that's just like a statue of Spider-Man.
  Yeah.
 Can I say one thing about Louie's before I forget?  I'm sorry to say his name one more time.
  But one one more memory I had is that I went to the bathroom and I was like,  I walk in like this one's like I use the other stall and I'm like, is it occupied?  And then you go out and like, oh, that's a and you're you're risking a big scare  if it is if your hunch isn't right.
  But there is just a wax figure permanently at one of the urinals.
  Really? Yes.
  So just occupying one of the better hope there aren't two people.
  That is kind of maybe Louie's cool.
  Like maybe that's like that.
  There's nothing like that going on in here.
  If you got an elevator and you say that,  you never do.
 But when I went into the bathroom here,  I was greeted with this massive sign that says have time to poo.
  Then you have time to review, review us on Yelp and TripAdvisor.
  And when you're missing a big deal or a big detail of the word poo,  which is that it is censored by poo emojis.
  Oh, yes.
 To poo emoji instead of the who did that?  Was that that's that Madame Tussauds?  That's that Madame Tussauds.
  And then the stalls.
  I don't know if this was when you were there,  but the different stalls wanted a sign that said politician.
  Yeah, we had that.
  I thought that was cool.
  Like, I would totally do that to it.
  Like, I'm a politician today.
  I'm going to be a politician when I take this shit.
  That's fine.
 But yeah, that that sign I've never seen.
  I want to know who is responsible for that.
  Would that have flown during your administration?  That's insane.
 I would never let that happen.
  Yeah, keep that shit classy.
  I did not go.
 I should have gone to the bathroom.
  We missed out.
  Yeah.
 So they have like, OK, so yeah, they have full care.
  Like, yeah, they did.
  They were there now.
  Samuel Jackson, Nick Fury looks pretty good, I think.
  His his actor one is good, too.
  I did YouTube face for this.
  Yeah.
  So that means you guys went into that theater in there.
  Jason, I did the theater show.
  OK, we should just do.
  I could talk about the theater show.
  I know.
  Well, we can talk briefly about it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, they're doing the Marvel Universe 40,  which seems like it's been around for a while and it's.
  Yeah, I opened it.
  I had I was there when we were like,  I was in charge of the opening for that.
  Yeah, it was very fun.
  And the premise is that the Marvel heroes are at Madame Tussauds and they're opening  there, they're seeing new wax figures of themselves.
  Right.
 That's the.
  That's different.
  They said the actual movie you're watching is that's what's happening.
  The plot.
 Oh, yeah, we didn't.
  Yeah, it wasn't like it was more of a  there wasn't.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it smelled like burnt pizza in there.
  Yeah, it did smell.
  They fired off the water effects.
  It smelled like burning.
  They shot water at us.
  And every time it was as if the water was burned.
  That's so funny.
  Like 40 theories are hilarious because you like if you don't do it right, they're  just annoying.
 Like, did they have that?  They had this thing that was like just a stick that was coming out of the sea  poking you in the back.
  Sure did.
 They did it once and everyone went, oh, yeah,  because it didn't happen again.
  And it was so forceful.
  You can see a hole, too.
  I mean, I lean forward.
  I don't want to deal with that shit.
  Yeah, it's so disrespectful.
  Why is this part of it?  Then the under the chair, they did the like, you know, a bunch of things run  under you.
 Yeah.
  So they're like whipping things at you.
  And but that effect was going for a while.
  Well, that's like for too long.
  My legacy.
  The water, though, you got shot three times with water for different parts  where like a bad guy blew up or whatever.
  And each time it was more unpleasant than the last and smelled awful.
  Yeah, it's a weird smell.
  I remember that.
  We didn't.
 I was surprised I never fixed that.
  And they told me at the front, I said, how often does this run?  And they said every 10 minutes.
  And I think the reality is it runs any time someone walks up and asks for it.
  One or two parties.
  That's funny.
  We had like 20 people in the theater.
  Oh, yeah.
  Really? And a family of three  all together.
  And you sat next to each other.
  Was it busy? Like, I mean, I guess since COVID, it seemed like they're doing OK.
  I was like actually literally concerned about when I started the when I started  on that the first room, there wasn't that many people.
  But I think I was taking my sweet time that a lot of people caught up to me.
  So then by the time it was Hollywood room, there were a lot of people.
  There were a lot of people jockeying  for position for like the grease lighting photo with John Travolta.
  So, yeah, not so bad.
  It's disappointing to hear about the theater.
  Because we always have problems when I open it.
  It was like it was like, oh, it was going to be the coolest thing.
  And then it just never worked well.
  Like I never fully was like the thing that was supposed to be.
  Yeah.
  But that was like six years ago.
  I was surprised I was surprised I have not fixed.
  It sounds like it's just there now.
  It sounds like people don't they don't really.
  Was the video in the movie they like they're they get attacked by Loki at the  at Madame Tussauds, he infiltrates Madame Tussauds.
  That's where they fight like Loki rock monsters.
  And then they spill out onto Hollywood Boulevard and there's this big like squid  monster that's like hovering above Hollywood Boulevard.
  And they're fighting all the Avengers,  like show up eventually and they're fighting it.
  Wow.
  They got you know, you got Chris Evans and well, Danny Jr.
  Well, I don't know.
  Rocket Raccoon was there, too.
  I don't know that it was Bradley Cooper, though.
  I don't know.
  But yeah, it was not.
  I don't know.
 That's not really what I want from this place.
  Yeah, it's it's it's off.
  It felt like it was.
  I remember it clearly because it was I  remember not wanting to do it because I was like, OK, they we we were just not  doing well.
 We like we needed something.
  And it was like they were like this is we needed to like have something to market.
  So I remember them like being like throwing it on me.
  And it's another one of my friends,  Pini, who's another manager who's like an Israeli army.
  It was like it was like this ex Israeli army guy.
  And he was just like one of the other managers.
  And he was like, all right, Lamar, Pini,  you guys, you guys are going to run this thing.
  And it just felt like they just dumped this like pile of shit on it.
  It's like, oh, man.
  But yeah, it feels off.
  Like it feels off of the the main aesthetic.
  You're there.
 You're there for the wax.
  You're there for the wax.
  Guys, we want more wax.
  Even the Marvel Room feels underwhelming after what you've just seen.
  And I was excited, like, oh, cool, because I like all that crap.
  So I was like, oh, great.
  I'll take a photo.
  And it's like, this is sort of this is anticlimactic.
  Like climactic.
  It is because it's so much like the exit hallway.
  Like there's a giant sign that says exit, like next to Robert Downey Jr.
  Yeah, exit past Robert Downey.
  Yeah, exit.
  That's what employees were like.
  You exit past Tony Stark.
  I was like, OK, that's it.
  Well, I had to ask, like, where is the theater?  Like, just follow the exit signs.
  I was like, OK.
  Tony Stark, Tony Stark.
  He's just a he's a sign.
  He's a trash can.
  Yeah, he's basically like directing traffic.
  Yeah, the way he's his hands are.
  He looks more like almost like Eric McCormick or something.
  Yeah, I think they I think they got to stay away from characters.
  I think it's got to be real people.
  That's the thing they do.
  It's the bread and butter.
  Was there one that people like you felt like complaints about when like it was  everyone that was retired, not for some Matt Lauer reason, but for like just.
  Oh, yeah.
  Shakira Shakira was she's I mean, wonderful performance,  but like her wax figure was just did not look like her.
  She was back.
 They had her.
  They had her back.
 Maybe they fixed her up.
  I like a picture of her.
  But I remember it being a thing where we  were getting way too many complaints about this wax figure.
  And they took her off the floor.
  But I was really happy to see they had Selena there because I was  that was a big deal, like because we had a lot of Latinx employees and they  constantly were like, we want her as a figure and it never happened.
  I was like, oh, shit, they actually ended up doing it.
  She's got her own little like wall, like a video wall.
  That's very yeah.
  Definitely is like a big old trip.
  There was one that I was I'm thinking like they would change something about.
  I think it's in the 90s area, which is the Britney Spears one is it's her outfit.
  And like this, like, you know, the set of the You Drive Me Crazy video.
  Right.
 But that presentation is just a Britney Spears wax figure.
  It's just crazy.
  Are you kidding me?  And this giant sign is in the video, something like this.
  But it's like, oh, maybe turn the sign off  for a little while with the current events going on.
  Her dad requested it.
  He masterminded it.
  So that is not the Shakira that I think that's the Shakira from Vegas, which is  better.
 And they brought it over.
  But that's not the one that people complained about.
  Yeah.
 So she looks way better.
  Mike, respectful distance from Shakira.
  Thank you for being a gentleman.
  This guy, that was a big deal.
  I'll never forget that launch.
  That was like, like lit, like we had it was like a party.
  It was like pack because it was just everybody wanted to see it.
  And it was like they have this thing where they have a button.
  And it's like a countdown, like five, five, three, four, three, two.
  And it goes and then it was like, baby, whatever.
  And it was just like, it was so dope.
  And the confetti is going.
  I was like, what?  Lady Gaga is on point right now.
  They do a reveal ceremony.
  That every time there's a new one, they do that.
  Wow.
 Yeah, I feel like we've been going a little while.
  Is there is there something we can close?  Is there anything you haven't told us anyway?  Like any of the final crazy details?  I'm trying to think.
  I mean, I feel like, yeah, there's so much.
  I mean, I can't think of anything else off top of my head.
  It's great.
  Yeah, Tupac Snoop was one of my favorites.
  Where's the I'm looking for the suddenly Michael Jackson?  Oh, the Michael Jackson thing was really cool because it was they had this room  that we did that was like it was all stages of him.
  So you see him like when he's like a little kid with the Afro and then he's like,  you know, doing Thriller and then he just seemed like, wait, what happened?  And he's like, what?  He's like full crazy.
  Like it's like a weird you get to kind of see him through time,  which is like a very cool role.
  Now they just have his the scary.
  I know it's just kind of scary.
  Yeah.
  I in that in that case, let me ask a question.
  And you're just to see if you can I'll make this a little bigger because I was  looking at some of the odd or wax figures and this this I believe is from this is  from Louis world, this is not the mad am I'm going to show you a picture.
  One is a real guy taking a selfie.
  There's also a very odd short Jimmy Fallon, who has kind of like regis energy.
  Right.
  And genuinely here, I'll show you if you know it, don't say it.
  And I don't know it genuinely.
  Who is the guy on the left?  Just look at him for a minute.
  Just hold it.
 I want to give everybody a chance.
  I truly don't know.
  Does it is am I am I crazy to not know who he looks like?  Like a leather jacket guy,  Daniel Radcliffe and someone had a child.
  Yeah, like Dan Radcliffe, Timberlake or something.
  Justin Timberlake.
  Oh, maybe it's can I see it one more time?  That might be right.
  He's but he's got like it's not a mode of Timberlake.
  I guess I've seen him look like this,  but he's sort of like Robin Thicke, except for the face.
  Yeah, it's more the Robin Thicke.
  Lance Bass and Daniel Radcliffe together.
  I mean, that's what you get to do.
  That plaques doing a lot of heavy lifting if there's if we're doing a mutant.
  They're doing murder in that.
  Like those two figures next to each other.
  Could be because they're together.
  They have a bromance.
  It could be Justin and Jimmy.
  That's definitely Conor McGregor taking the selfie of himself.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's the real Conor McGregor.
  We're on right now.
  I just you know, I'll put this to the listener too.
  I feel like I have one more of the oh here.
  Who are we looking at?  Who is this? This one might be a madam.
  Is that this is a this is like a blonde.
  Is that a blue or is that a fancy size?  I think this might be because you got red signs back there unless they're he stole  the sign vibe and let me see one more time.
  This one I do know that's.
  I think I have a guess.
  What is that? I think it's is a blonde Lindsay Lohan.
  You got it.
 You got it.
  It is so hard to guess, right?  Like and very like Amy Poehler in a wig.
  Oh, I see it.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I had to think about it.
  Almost because I thought for a second is like is it blonde Emma Stone?  Like, no, I think it is.
  Yeah, Lindsay Lohan.
 Yeah.
  Oh, here.
 Yeah.
 One more while we're doing it.
  Who are we looking at?  Kind of short hair, short woman in leather jacket.
  She looks like somebody from old Hollywood, but they dressed her up in modern.
  Yeah, they time traveled her.
  Isabella Rossellini.
  No, I like the guess.
  Any idea?  Like who plays?  It looks like a Tarot.
  You know what?  That was like a young Glenn Close, like a younger version of Glenn Close.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I could see that.
  This is if I zoomed it out, you would see her next to her husband.
  This is supposed to be Victoria Beckham.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 They change.
  They probably change their outfits.
  This is this one's credit.
  This is not this is not the madam for sure.
  This one is not.
  Madam wouldn't screw it up that bad.
  Yeah.
 No, that is awful.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'll post these people do their own guessing games.
  But with that, I mean, like we just got to thank you.
  We all had a great time.
  This opens so much irony.
  You just melted away.
  We're just there having a blast.
  This opens up a rich vein of different experiences.
  Now we will be covering on the podcast, too, because there's videos.
  I was looking through old Madame Tussauds videos from England 30 years ago.
  And it's like Dudley Moore,  Benny Hill.
  And I'm like, we got to cover all of this.
  Yeah, eventually.
  So thank you.
  Thank you.
 It was real fun.
  I was because I was thinking about  because my ex, who were still close, but we used to work together.
  So we were just talking about like who's still there and stuff.
  So it's cool to kind of reminisce on that shit.
  It was a vibe.
 Yeah.
  It was a lifetime.
  But thank you so much for your stories and everything.
  That was such a blast.
  The Marwood's You Survive podcast, The Ride.
  Thank you.
  Just like the very much like the this experience.
  We got to exit through the gift shop.
  What a gift shop.
  By the way, yes.
  One of the more one of the we were, I mean, that boy, we're with a baby.
  We're like, how fast can we possibly get back?  Because even like a brief walk down Hollywood Boulevard, like a, you know,  not even the full block, maybe feel like a bad parent, even having a small child  protected by both parents.
  This is like, how fast can we can we sprint with this stroller?  We run over an Elmo's foot or something as we do.
  Doesn't matter.
 That's it's overstimulating.
  It's like this is the big candy stuff in there.
  Like it's sugar.
 They got rid of OK, there's a whole other episode.
  But there were like for a couple of years ago.
  Remember, there were like multiple can't there's a giant candy store,  not just sugar, which was on Hollywood Boulevard.
  There were multiple like on that second level when you went up the escalator.
  There were those rooms.
  There was a big state of Marshmallow and this one.
  What the hell was that?  I can't remember what it was called.
  It's all gone.
  It was a giant multiple rooms.
  Then we would go back the next time in one room and be closed.
  You go in the next time and another room would be closed.
  And now it's just gone.
  The Randy's Donuts was gone.
  There was a Randy's Donuts for a little while.
  Like the big, you know, they have the big sign.
  And so there was one and that has already flipped to edible cookie dough.
  Wow.
 So edible cookie dough is there.
  Yes.
 Times change.
  I bet that's.
 Yeah, I bet it's so different there.
  There's a ten dollar store there.
  There was like a ten dollar.
  The gift shop is connected with the ten dollar.
  Oh, I guess that's the same place we get exit.
  We exit, right?  The gift shop you exit into.
  They were like, all right, and show us your baskets.
  If you're buying four things, you get a fifth free.
  Like, oh, yeah.
  Everything was marked down.
  Like, yeah, that's not, madam.
  So but what happened was they.
  So that was like a store that we basically leased space to.
  But that's so interesting.
  Like brand wise, it's confusing because it probably feels like it's part of the same  thing, but it is like a different thing.
  I could tell you could tell it.
  It's like the like this stuff.
  But this is like this shit is like it's chaos.
  Like, yeah, claustrophobic room I've been in since the pandemic.
  I think chaos things of that of that play.
  The owner is such a character.
  He's like a very like, you know, like Donald Don Jr.
  It kind of looks like, hey, man, everything's ten dollars.
  You want something from the store?  Let me get you some from the store.
  Come on, take somebody to change it.
  Go home like yourself.
  You know, he's like fast talking like he drives like a convertible.
  Always has like a like a girl who's like way too young for him.
  Like, it's just so it's ridiculous.
  But but yeah, no, yeah.
  What a life.
 Well, let's all right.
  So let's exit our less icky gift shop because it's about what you have going on.
  Is there anything you would like to plug?  Oh, yeah.
  So check out Grand Cru coming out next year.
  It's starring Carl Tarr and my boy Phil, who's one of my closest friends.
  It's his show and I'm writing on it.
  I'm having a great time.
  I'm about to drop an album called Wine Bars.
  It's coming out August 6.
  It's going to be fire.
  It's super romantic.
  It's basically imagine a hip hop album that you could play in a wine bar.
  That's what it sounds like.
  It's a vibe.
 It's lifestyle.
  Shout out to Villa Vibes, the label, DSO, the crew.
  And hopefully white women will, you know,  I don't know when we're going to get fully back in the improv space,  but hopefully we'll start performing soon.
  You did a show a couple of days ago.
  Yeah, we did one up in a studio stage over in I think it was over in East  Hollywood, but that was the first show we've done since like the world shut down.
  That was super fun.
  And so I was like, oh, it was like right back to normal.
  Like it like nothing had changed.
  So I think we're going to try to get a big show going or something soon.
  So look out for that.
 Yeah, cool.
  And you'll be out on Hollywood Boulevard passing the record.
  Yeah, yeah, I will be selling it on the street.
  That's how I get my music out.
  Bothering a lot of wax figure employees.
  Oh yeah, but it will be like spot.
  It will be actually on Spotify and all the platforms and all that.
  You give your social media stuff.
  Oh yeah.
 And then follow me at Profmatic.
  Also, you can also check out my movie.
  It's on it's called It's a Party.
  It's on iTunes, Amazon, all that is starring Tone Bell, Tony Baker,  Kirby, Hal Baptiste, Eggo Wodem.
  It's super funny.
  It's an indie movie I made a while back,  but it's still relevant and funny.
  So check it out.
  I own it.
  So I get paid when you're watching.
  So watch it.
  Yeah, great.
  Geez.
  And as for us, you can find us on all the socials at podcast the ride.
  We have merch available in our T public store.
  And we got three bonus episodes every month.
  If you check out podcast, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  That was a blast.
 Love the stories.
  And you turned us into wax guys.
  We're wax guys.
 Thank you, wax man.
  Thank you.
  I'm from a wax man to a wax guy.
  To all our wax guys and gals and everything at home.
  Thanks for listening so long.
  Goodbye.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production, executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog  News by following us on Twitter and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
