 Five, four, three, two, one.
  There's a lot, you know, there's a lot to do here  on Podcasts to Ride the Second Gate.
  We're down the rabbit hole already.
  The rockin' rabbit hole, as I like to call it.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always.
  My Cheshire cat, Jason Sheridan.
  That's right, today's password is rock and roll.
  And DJ White Rabbit himself, Scott Gardner is here.
  Yeah, look, I wanna get right to it.
  Mike, you're outta your fuckin' mind.
  This thing, this is not a good thing.
  This is, I've been giving you the benefit of the doubt  on this for a long time.
  You've brought this up so many times over the years,  and I imagined, like, okay, maybe there is a 5% chance  that I would look at a video of this and sort of get it.
  And having looked at some video now, maybe not enough,  maybe that's the issue, but the video that I did look at  makes me get it to no percentage.
  What video did you watch, first of all?  I watched the Mad Tea Party Band.
  Okay.
  I watched the last night that they performed  when they are, everybody's hyped, everybody's super hyped.
  They had changed the set list at that point, you know?  Yeah, it was so melancholy, closing night of a big show,  you know, that's a melancholy time.
  Yeah, that's not the most exuberant performance  of the whole run.
  Well, it should be, any sampling that I take  should give me some, look, I looked at other one,  the costumes were always the same.
  The costumes were the same, yes.
  The Jack FM songs were always the same.
  Whether you're watching the Mad Tea Party  or the Diamond Man Tea Party,  you might be getting a different vibe.
  You know what, look, I wanna calm down here, okay?  I wanted to settle down.
  I have made special Mad Tea Party drinks for everyone.
  Oh my, well this'll, all right.
  So I just want everyone to, yeah, drink me.
  This is of course my glass,  it's an official Mad Tea Party glass that I have had  since going to the show many years ago.
  That's right, I saw these glasses  and I thought they were candles.
  You wanna hand one of these to Scott?  What is it?  What is it?  It is a thing I've, it's elderberry, vitamin C,  it is strawberry sparkling water and vodka.
  So it's not too sweet.
  It might be bad, it's not bad,  it just kinda tastes like sparkling water.
  I was getting worried there would not be an alcoholic  component.
 Oh no, there is.
  That was the biggest fear.
  Yeah.
  All right, okay.
 I think it's okay.
  Get on the same page here.
 I think it's enough right  for enough sweet.
  It's not a perfect drink.
  I like it.
  But it's a casual.
  That's pretty refreshing.
  Pretty good.
  The elderberry is, the vitamin C gives you the flavor  but it's not the too sweet that you might get from  like a sugar syrup.
  This is a terrific dinner, terrific dinner chaser  to my meal of a Burger King chicken king sandwich.
  Oh, you had the chicken king?  In frozen Coca-Cola.
  I have had the chicken king multiple times.
  Wow, really?  Because I think it's that good.
  How?  I like it.
  Of the other chicken sandwiches you've had  that we've had together.
  I mean, I, Popeye's, a good version of the Popeye's one  is good.
  The chicken king I would think is nipping at its heels.
  Wow.
  Is it a similar vibe?  What are the components?  Similar vibe, it even comes in the same sort of like  envelope sort of thing.
  But it's kinda like a mayo and pickles.
  There's a hot one that's like dipped in a hot wash,  hot liquid.
  Hot wash?  That one is just hot.
  Hot wash.
  When we get hot chicken, it's kinda dipped in a hot.
  Like a batter?  Yeah, isn't it?  No, it's just.
  It's a fried dough or a batter.
  No, there's like a wash.
  I think wash is the term.
  It's like a chili.
  Really?  Would it be scraped on, not scraped on,  but brushed on, like a brush?  Would a brush do the job?  I guess you could brush it on a little bit.
  Usually I just see them take this kinda chicken  and dip it in.
  Pre-dip wash, I guess Jason's right.
  Yeah.
  Chicken wash, okay.
  So I didn't think that was good.
  Chicken wash.
  Popeye's just the spicy one.
  Jason's full of chicken wash.
  I'm just full of chicken wash.
  Jason's chasing it with vitamin C and elderberry.
  And did you hear he had a frozen Coke as well?  Frozen, yeah, that was kinda muttered towards the end.
  Well, in the app, it was free.
  And that's why.
  They give away the bank in the app.
  Yeah, in the apps right now, they're really going to town.
  Like you can get a frosty Chino for free at Wendy's  with purchase of any item.
  Is there a frosty with a caffeine component?  It's exactly right.
  I see, it's great.
  It's like drinking coffee ice cream.
  Wow, wow.
  I don't recommend it every day, but.
  Sure, sure.
  So anyway, we're calling down now.
  No, we're getting on the same page here.
  You did an excellent job of hiding the drinks.
  That was great with very little.
  I think he saw them.
  I saw them, I didn't really know what it was.
  I thought it was just, you were having a beverage or,  yeah, like I said, they could be candles.
  He was going to play them, play the glasses.
  He was going to like, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
  The man tea party, yes, the man tea party glass  is just so ubiquitous.
  I've seen it in your various homes.
  I think you probably with me when it was purchased.
  Probably.
  It's ubiquitous if you've been where Mike lives a lot.
  If you've been where Mike lives,  and I have a very strong memory of me and Mike at the bar.
  At the man tea party.
  The man tea party at Drink Me.
  At Drink Me, at the man tea party.
  It was the bar, okay.
  And we ordered mad,  I didn't think we'd get to this as quickly.
  I do have it here.
  Mad hatino, mad hatio.
  If you're struggling to find it,  you don't know how to say it.
  Matititos.
  It was a mojito, and I remember watching them.
  A madhito, is that what it was called?  A madhito.
  That would make a lot more sense  than whatever you were trying to say.
  Matititos.
  They didn't have the J in it.
  Anyway, I watched them pick up the milk jug,  like the gallon.
  Oh, you've told this story three times on the show.
  Probably.
  Like just pour this goo.
  You realize, yeah, you were like,  they're not making this fresh.
  What?  They have a jug of sugar drinks right there.
  These are not mixologists picked by the mad hatio himself?  No.
  I realize I didn't cue this up,  but I have a photo from the mad tea party.
  And this is again,  okay, real quick.
  The mad tea party was a music celebration,  festival of fun,  celebrating Lewis Carroll's great story,  Alison Winland.
  In addition to some of the greatest hits,  modern pop hits of the day and of yesteryear.
  And it was there for a couple of years.
  And there was a lot of staging, a lot of decorations.
  It really filled up the space from the boring,  now kind of defunct area, nothing area.
  The monster zinc and Muppet vision.
  Yes.
  The bad Hollywood courtyard.
  Right.
  And when it was mad tea party time,  the state, everything was full in there.
  It was full of life, full of fun,  full of friends and love.
  Full of friends, yeah.
  And yeah, so that's what we're talking about today.
  It's really what I'm getting at.
  I don't get it because I wasn't there, man.
  This is like a festival.
  I'm not feeling the plur, whatever.
  Here's a photo of me.
  Here it is.
  And look how happy.
  2012 iPhone 4 photos.
  Yeah, they're a little low res.
  I look, trust me, I'm happy there.
  I'm a little skinnier too.
  Wearing a shirt of Mickey showing his seat,  rubbing it like, thrusting his seat at you.
  I kind of look like, my eyes are like,  I look like a cartoon character in this picture.
  You're tripping out on the glow heat.
  On the sights and sounds of the mad tea party.
  I would regularly, and Lindsay's walking around,  I would regularly during this period say,  are we going to get mad tonight?  Yes, he would.
  He would do this a lot, especially if it was later in the day  and DCA was very crowded.
  He's like, well, the always mad tea party.
  Can always get mad tonight.
  I knew it was one of the, I knew this was,  I took one look at a video and I'm like,  oh, this is one of those Mike things that he's always like,  cheeky smile, like maybe we could do it.
  And depending on the group.
  That's right.
  The group is perhaps, I mean,  certainly no one is as on board as you.
  Jason seems like a good percentage.
  Yeah.
  Well, I, I mean, I'd kill,  we're still getting back to collective experiences  that I would kill to be at the mad tea party right now.
  I feel like I'm appreciating stuff a lot more.
  Strangle someone to death.
  Sure.
  And the life to hear a band play a ponjo be covered.
  That's right.
  In a Dormouse hat.
  But one thing I've forgotten about this was that  this was like opening with DCA two-part,  the excitement was in the air.
  The excitement was in the air.
  Radiator Springs racers zooming along.
  All of the cars land.
  Trollies are there.
  Trollies.
  Newsboys singing songs.
  The glory of the 1910s.
  Free newspapers.
  Suitcase in a dream was new,  a fresh new song being showcased.
  People are saying, look,  there's a new statue of Waltz and Mickey's like  kneeling on him and he's wearing a cap.
  And then they headbutt each other.
  They were so aggressively happy about the statue.
  Yeah.
  I mean, so you were there, Scott.
  You just didn't do this.
  I, when this was open 2012 to 2016.
  Well, there was a break in between.
  There was a break and then it came back  bigger than ever seemingly for the anniversary show.
  For this.
  I was at specifically California Adventure  in that time so much.
  And I didn't sit foot in this.
  I didn't do.
  I didn't even know what it was over.
  It was there.
  I think I probably caught the name and the vibe  and was like, no, thanks.
  That's okay.
  Leave that for the 15 year olds.
  15 year, are you kidding me?  This is full grown adults.
  But this was, look, this was two year olds.
  Old grown adults in big cartoon hats.
  And I couldn't find the video.
  There's a video we had,  there were like dance circles of kids  breaking out of the middle of this thing.
  Oh yeah.
  This was the closest to my Videopolis that existed  of like a bunch of people having fun  at like a concert environment.
  Now it wasn't as hip and cool as Videopolis.
  I know that.
  I'm not crazy.
  Okay.
  But this was fun.
  The hippest thing that ever happened.
  Videopolis is like pretty.
  It's hip.
  CBGB, you know.
  It was a scene, man.
  Gelman Street, punk rock.
  Green, that's Green Day where Green Day was from.
  Gelman Street.
  Gelman Street.
  Do they present this as like,  it's down on Gelman.
  We're part of that Gelman scene.
  I'm pretty sure.
  No, don't Google more about Gelman.
  Put your phone down.
  I just wanted to make sure it was right.
  Back to Mad, no, back to Mad T, forget I asked it.
  That lonely road he was walking had a name, okay.
  There's a song, they have an early song called  Christy Road before that road.
  So there was a different sad road.
  Why do you say that excited?  What was I gonna do about Christy Road?  Christy Road's a good song.
  Oh, Christy Road, that changes everything.
  Bruce has Highway Nine,  Green Day has Christy and Gelman Road.
  Well, Gelman Street.
  Gelman Street, sorry.
  I think that was the name of the venue.
  Gelman, there's a song about you.
  Yes, there's a street name down here apparently.
  Regis and Cavaliers.
  There's a, Green Day's the name of the band.
  Kelly, what is it, Kelly and Michael now?  No, Michael's gone, Kelly and Ryan.
  Sorry, I couldn't think of what the current version  of Regis and Cavaliers was,  and it's Kelly and Ryan, Ryan Seacrest.
  Megan McCain's gonna come.
  Megan, it's Kelly, Ryan, and Megan now.
  So yeah, this was, a couple years this existed,  no joke, I wanted to go to it all the time.
  Yes.
  And I know it's funny, but I do really like it.
  I know it's absurd and ridiculous,  but I do legitimately like it  and really wish it was there.
  I really miss it.
  It does, I mean, that area is dead right now.
  There's nothing going on.
  There's nothing going on right now.
  I think this kind of lived and died  on the numerous annual pass holders.
  Annual passes, much less expensive at the time too.
  I was getting a haircut once around,  shortly like within the first six months of this opening,  and the hairdresser had like a tiny little top hat on,  and I was like, oh, that's an interesting hat.
  And it was kind of pinned in her head,  but I was like, I think it's got a string under her chin.
  And she was like, thanks, do you know what the mad,  do you know about the mad tea party at Disneyland?  I was like, I actually, yes, I know exactly what,  I do know the mad tea party.
  And she's like, yeah, I'm there like every weekend.
  And so-  The locals love it.
  It's fans, yeah.
  Yeah, it did.
  I'm surprised they got rid of it.
  I don't know, cause Electronica,  we've talked about this before,  the Electronica Festival,  whatever they called it was there before.
  Yeah, and Glow Fest before that.
  And Glow Fest was before that.
  These were all like music, I don't know,  show performances every night.
  Yeah, nighttime stuff.
  With a vibe.
  And with a heavy bar component,  like themed bar.
  An Electronica had the arcade,  and then the arcade basically stayed for this  and was transformed.
  They still had-  Kind of more carnival game sort of arcade games.
  Yeah, black light in there, not the neon of Tron.
  So some of the components were saved.
  I think some of the structures they reused as well  for the stage.
  Electronica, I feel like always more empty.
  More empty when I walk through it.
  This was so much more popular than Electronica,  I feel like.
  This was insanely popular.
  I mean, a lot, the early,  like people wrote about it.
  It kind of seemed like they were visually going for like,  yeah, the Tim Burton house in Wonderland,  I think had been successful.
  But then it seemed like they were also going for like,  it's like the Electric Daisy carnival,  but without the MDMA and death.
  Yes.
  It is have, it has a vibe of like a douchey  Southern California music festival.
  It has elements of that,  where like what you're talking about,  where it's like, you could see some of those structures  being like sitting on the middle of it.
  I don't know if it's not burning.
  Burning Man isn't that, it's not the vibe,  but like it's a little more Coachella or-  Yeah, but-  What you just said.
  The music varieties, like on one website where it looks at  is trance, new wave, and dance pop.
  And I don't think that it's accurate.
  I think in theory on paper that was the case,  but dance pop is maybe, that's a reach even.
  This is my, this is some of my,  because this came up a couple of weeks ago  with Jordan Morris and we were talking about bands  and is Disneyland ever been in step with current music.
  And then Mike, you, like right at the top,  veer it over here.
  We're not anywhere close to talking about this.
  So you can breathlessly say how this was,  you know, it was really kind of a way for Disneyland  to reflect the EDM, the electronic music culture  that was going on.
  Which I feel like was very progressive for them.
  And it was, you know, amazing, you know,  to be so in sync with the current pop culture.
  And then I watched one video of it and like,  you're not as mad as you seem to me.
  Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute.
  Okay, DJ White Rabbit was-  The DJs are different.
  My point was electronica.
  And then when the DJs would play,  it's the closest thing to hip.
  I wasn't saying the setlist of the rock band.
  But that too, I'm watching the White Rabbit  and it's like,  what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,  like yeah, this is, this is a grandmother's idea.
  For Disney I'm saying.
  For Disney and they got Uptown Funk in the rotation  pretty quickly.
 And Uptown Funk  is in the diamond setlist.
  Uptown Funk is in the diamond setlist.
  It's in the diamond setlist.
  Open the show on the diamond setlist.
  Wait, hang on a second.
  The arrangement-  Everyone stop.
  What's the diamond setlist?  Why are you shouting diamond setlist at me  as if I know how that's different than anything else?  Because when the show came back,  it was during the diamond celebration.
  So- For the anniversary.
  So when I go to the website  that I got all this information on,  which of course is mousertainment.
com,  it refers to that specific setlist as the diamond setlist.
  So the diamond setlist is more important somehow?  Why is diamond- No, no.
  It's just saying that-  But you were touting that as like a reason it was good.
  That was the marketing.
  Jason brought up Uptown Funk  because it was a pretty new song at this point.
  It wasn't like it was 10 years old.
  It is impressive.
  That's what she was saying.
  That's remotely within the calendar year  that they're using in a-  Yeah, now was the third song,  "'What I Like About You'?"  Sure.
  Was there a medley of Jessie's girl  and the summer of 69?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Was there the time warp and also in the air tonight?  Yeah.
  This is what-  We are describing a wedding band setlist.
  This is a wedding band that is dressed like that  where one has a Mad Hatter hat and there's an Alice.
  And the costumes are great, but what-  And they did, we are family.
  And they did it with a diamond next to it.
  That means it's an extra important song.
  There are little treats in there that you wouldn't expect.
  They did do Rhythm Nation by Janet Jackson at one point.
  That's pretty good.
  So that's pretty cool.
  Yeah, that's good.
  They did, there's a Prince song in there.
  Obviously it's, let's go crazy.
  It's not like a wonderful ass.
  It's not much would be, but B-side.
  It's not Jack you off.
  It's not Jack you off.
  It's not Pussy Control.
  It's not those Prince songs.
  They did, somebody told me,  which was not the killer song I thought they would do.
  Somebody told me it's not my favorite killer song.
  They did Shut Up and Dance too.
  They have, yeah.
  But these still were not in exactly encounter culture.
  No, we are.
  I completely agree with that.
  They had, let's see, I'm looking here.
  They did Wrecking Ball by Miley Cyrus,  which was fairly new at the time.
  That was pretty new.
  A couple of years old, which is a song I like.
  I like that song.
  I like that song, yeah.
  Scott, how do you feel about Wrecking Ball?  I don't really like Wrecking Ball.
  I'm coming off, look, I know.
  It's all edge lordy with me.
  I understand.
  There's people, I know I'm losing listeners.
  You like the Miley Cyrus Mark Ronson songs, you know.
  Oh yeah, that one.
  I forget the name of it.
  Nothing breaks like a heart.
  Nothing breaks like a heart, yeah.
  Yeah.
  It was my issue with Wrecking Ball is like,  why she had never sung like that before.
  All of a sudden, one day.
  Say it, I don't say it.
  Like, why do you, why have you suddenly started?  You're against artists evolving?  Is that what you're saying?  Okay.
  I'm against.
  Interesting.
  Like, sudden hard turns into trendy ways of singing.
  Like CIE.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
  I see what you're saying.
  Suddenly you're just doing the current.
  Yeah, I'm looking at the Diamond Set List.
  Yeah, they did do Come On, Eileen in the set list,  in the Diamond Set List.
  But these are crowd pleasing classics.
  8 to 80, we're at, you know, California Adventure.
  And I'll say this, and this is, you should know this,  I mean, maybe I've said this in the show before about me.
  If you have a free ticket, excuse me,  I suddenly was about to cry.
  I was burping, I swear.
  Have you?  Just tell me, these shows mean so much to me.
  If you invite me to a concert and it's free,  I will go to any concert.
  I don't, I don't, if it's outside, that's even better.
  I'll go see Nickelback tomorrow.
  I'll go see, pick the worst band and see if you can get me  to say I really don't wanna see that.
  That's how you ended up following  the deplorable choir on tour.
  What is that?  That was those three women who wore the Trump hats  and sang songs about Donald Trump.
  I do not know the deplorable choir.
  Well, you're lucky.
  Would I go to see the deplorable choir in concert?  Is that what you're asking?  Yeah.
  Okay, no, I would not go see them.
  That would be no, I would say no.
  I'm curious, I would read a review of a set.
  You know what, you're right.
  You know what, it's all originals  and like Francis Scott Key, you know.
  Well, there was a band around the time of Bush  called the Wright Brothers,  and they had a song called Bush Was Right.
  And it sounded a lot like Billy Joel's  We Didn't Start the Fire,  only a list of like things that Bush had gotten right,  which of course are all things he got wrong,  which are all things that are opposite.
  But of course Bush was right.
  All those weird phrases,  that was how you're supposed to say it.
  That won't get fooled again.
  Yeah.
  He did have it right.
  Yeah, he said the right things at the right time.
  But yeah, I would see, like I guess I would if it was free,  if I wasn't giving the Wright Brothers  whatever they were called, money.
  The Wright Brothers.
  This is up there in obscure references.
  I gotta see if that's the name of that one.
  I like this, and like the bad T-Birds,  this is a more recent obscure,  this isn't from the 1930s.
  The Wright Brothers are from this very century.
  Yeah, they were the Wright Brothers, R-I-G-H-T,  because they were right wing.
  And they're also from the Gelman Street scene, I believe.
  No, they were, but kicked out of Gelman Street.
  Gelman Street was punk and left wing.
  No way.
  So yeah, so I would go to most concerts.
  I like, I just like that live music.
  I don't care if it's good.
  I don't care if it's current.
  Well, what you need to do is just like,  just go to weddings,  just get invited to as many weddings with bands,  or just start walking into them.
  No one will mind that you're crashing,  because you'll be the most excited person there.
  You're gonna love every song.
  You're gonna love.
.
.
  I've said this before,  I do sometimes get annoyed at weddings,  because sometimes I do feel like the playlist  is a little too boring.
  They don't throw in a rhythm nation.
  I need a thing here and there  that's kind of interesting or new.
  Because I do, I don't.
.
.
  They're not mixing uptown funk  with Morris Day in the time.
  Right, which they do in this.
  Which they do.
  Did you see that, Scott?  And that's kind of a little,  people were saying at the time,  the reviews of uptown funk were like.
.
.
  Of course, we were all saying  that this sounds like Morris Day in the time.
  Yeah, and they do a little oh yo yo in the song.
  That's pretty great.
  A little bit of commentary.
  Commentary, yeah.
  Commentary, so this is subversive,  is what you're saying.
  It is subversive,  because there's a flirtiness between Alice and the Hatter,  and that just wasn't present in the original cartoon,  because it was a child and an insane man.
  So they got to do it at the show.
  Now, okay, so I guess we really even didn't say that.
  Yeah, we have an exclusive band, really.
  Yeah, well, it's only one part  of the man-tea party experience.
  Yeah, that's true.
  There's multiple stages and acts.
  Yes, that's true, but the band itself, yeah,  Alice and the Mad Hatter,  both dressed in dep, Johnny Depp,  Alice in Wonderland, Tim Burton style outfits,  a little, probably more colorful.
  First of all, the Alice in,  Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland.
  When this twisted genius gets his hands  on the most twisted story of all time,  you'll feel like you took a little opium hit.
  When you see that, what if,  like what if a spiral was crooked?  That's the kind of thing you're gonna get to see.
  What if a fence was a weird, gnarled fence?  That's the kind of thing that the twisted,  the king of twistedness, Tim Burton's gonna show you.
  That's messed up.
  You'll think you're on Laudanum,  like it was still widely available.
  Is that a weird old drug?  That was a weird old drug.
  What is it? Laudanum?  Yeah, Laudanum.
  He stumped us twice in seven minutes.
  Wow.
  Not, you guys are on Laudanum.
  He's on Laudanum.
  Jason's on Laudanum.
  My ether rag ran out earlier, so.
  And you tried to order a phosphated Burger King.
  Yeah, they just didn't understand.
  They know what you meant, yeah.
  Just said mobile order number, please.
  Coca-Cola phosphate, please.
  You're trying to type it into the app.
  Override name, P-H-O.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, so.
  I think this is part of it, I think, is this movie.
  I don't want it.
  I have no.
 I've never seen these movies.
  There's two of them.
 Yeah, I haven't either.
  I've never seen them.
 Not for me.
  The first one is like, what?  The highest grossing movie of all time or something?  It's up there.
  It's an insane success.
  It's hugely popular in China  to the point that they made the, like a garden,  like a walkthrough, like hedge maze sort of garden  designed like the Tim Burton,  Alison Wonderland characters.
  Oh, really?  In Shanghai, you're saying?  In Shanghai, yeah.
  Yeah, you know, I put it on before this.
  I was like, what is the,  I don't think I've ever heard the Mad Hatter talk.
  I haven't heard the Depp Mad Hatter talk.
  And then I put it on and it's like, hello,  and the Mad Hatter.
  It's like, it just exactly what, like,  Johnny Depp, he's gonna create this character.
  He is an artisan for characters.
  And when you see, now,  now let's cut to something totally different.
  What's Mordecai?  Hello, I'm Mordecai.
  All right, now he's going to play General Norman Schwarzkopf.
  It's a very serious, a Gulf War,  but it's a very gritty film.
  Now let's see, hello, I'm General Norman Schwarzkopf.
  What about his cameo in Yoga Hosers?  What does he sound like in that?  That is different.
  That is a, that is a,  Yoga Hosers.
  He's reprised all of the characters.
  Oh, right, he was in Tusk, right?  That's correct.
  I've blocked out of my memory that,  whatever he did, he's like a bizarre Canadian in that.
  Kind of like an Inspector Clouseau riff, you know?  Like Mordecai.
  Is Mordecai an Inspector?  Another Inspector, probably.
  What if Mordecai met the Love Guru?  What if they all met the Master Pistachio Disguisey,  the Master of Disguise?  All right, all right.
  I thought I didn't know his name,  but then I was like, you fool.
  Of course, it's Pistachio Disguisey.
  His family is the Disguiseys.
  To be the Master of Disguise.
  I like Master of Disguise so much more.
  You're not wrong to group them together,  but in terms of film quality,  if I had to watch one of them.
  Yeah, I watched Love Guru not too long ago.
  And I was pretty upset.
  We watched it two weeks ago.
  The child faced, when his head is on a little boy.
  Child face is bad.
  I very rarely find myself calling comedy films,  stand-up can be very mean,  but I'm like, oh, that comedy film wasn't mean.
  But that is a mean movie.
  It is just.
  Oh yeah, he's like mean to Verne Troyer.
  It's like so much shit.
  Verne Troyer.
  It's like not even a little mean.
  It is, as mini-me, he's like,  Dr.
 Evil loves mini-bees.
  He gets kicked and stuff,  and maybe called some weird things.
  But yeah, this one, it's all like.
  This little shit.
  Yeah, it's really weird.
  Like, why is he so mean to him?  Yeah.
  It's like, yeah, I'm sure some of that stuff  doesn't hold up in Austin Powers,  but man, does it not hold up in the Love Guru.
  Master of Disguise, a joy.
  Just a, it's a breezy 70 minutes.
  It'll be done.
  Lickety split.
  Can't they be out of,  I can't they run out of like ideas with stuff  that's popular and that was popular  and start like remake it,  like just a Master of Disguise 10 episode HBO Max show.
  Yes, please.
  Like, why not?  Dear God, I think everyone would enjoy that.
  I think so.
  So we're all losing our minds so much.
  I think we need up Master of Disguise, the anthology.
  As I said, let's roll in the slop.
  Let's do it.
  True Detective season four just is Master of Disguise.
  Just hand out, combine the franchises.
  Reveal it at the start of the episode.
  Like a teaser graphic that it's like,  True Detective's coming back,  and it's just one where it just says disguise,  and everyone's like, what is it?  What could that be?  What is it?  It's a me.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  And then Mordecai shows up.
  I'm here too.
  I'm here too.
  I'm here too.
  I mean, thank you.
  Is he kind of doing an Edwin, like a little Edwin?  Is that sort of what it is?  That's too fun for it.
  It's like just kind of like odd British is what it is.
  The thing that all of his stuff is.
  I'm just like,  Yes.
  Depth-phobe British.
  Regardless of whatever's happening  with Amber and whatever.
  I don't, let's take all that,  let's put that in another box.
  I just, no more depth anyway.
  We've got separate issue.
  The movies have been eating shit for so long.
  Just no more depth, please.
  I think we saw what depth can do.
  You're just here like begging,  like go back to Hunter S.
 Thompson.
  Like go back to the Hunter Thompson riffs.
  That was good.
  Yeah, he was good at that.
  Edwin was good.
  Like I liked him.
  Scott's declaring war on a certain Twitter account.
  That's all I hear when he says that.
  It truly, we made fun of them for only talking  about Johnny Depp and Gina Carano.
  And it's only gotten worse.
  They just got, no, they just tweeted Gina Carano  snubbed for.
  Stuff for Amy.
  She was on one episode of the fucking season.
  What is?  Whoever believed that there was a possibility  of Gina Carano pre-cancellation,  getting an Emmy nomination.
  You know, that being said,  Don Cheadle did get a nominated for like one scene  on the open in the first episode of  For 78 seconds of screen time.
  And he was like, yeah, I don't get it either.
  So maybe Gina could have gotten it.
  That's kind of a fun one.
  I'm rooting for him.
  Of course he's great.
  Yeah.
  He deserves an Emmy, but I think he is surprised.
  Like I was in that for a second.
  What?  One day.
  I found more of this, more set lists.
  All right.
  Although we didn't finish the explanation.
  Explain the band.
  What are you looking at?  So yeah, you're looking at like, as I said,  like brighter colored,  brighter colored versions of the Tim Burton now.
  And then you're looking at like the  Alice in Wonderland and Alice in the Mad Hatter  are two young people, I assume from the area  that are just singing.
  They're not playing guitar or anything.
  They're just like the two dual singers.
  And then the band is like,  has outfits that suggest other Alice in Wonderland  characters.
  Like the drummer as the Cheshire Cat.
  Drummer Cheshire Cat.
  The keyboardist is the Caterpillar.
  I think that's right.
  War Mouse.
  Okay.
  And then one of them, or is the bassist the March Hare?  I don't know.
  The guitarist is one and the other.
  They sort of just look like they're in like wigs.
  It's not, yeah.
  It's not.
  It's, it's, they look.
  Like a marching band.
  The outfits actually look a lot like the descendants.
  Like that Disney, those Disney movies, The Descendants.
  Oh, that's true.
  Yeah, very popular.
  Very popular.
  The song Chillin' Like a Villain, I like,  from the second Descendants movie.
  But they did not play that at the manatee part.
  I don't know, maybe it wasn't even out yet.
  They play a handful of rockin' covers of Disney songs.
  There's a few.
  They do on birthday.
  They do rock and roll on birthday.
  Which is interesting,  because then it kind of brings it back more towards Disney.
  You know?  It's not, then it's sort of, it's a different vibe going on.
  They're not off in the wiles of Bon Jovi and Time Warp anymore.
  The crazy niche.
  They do, okay, yeah, they go, they,  I'm looking at one of these set lists here.
  On birthday, and then they go right into  Rock and Roll All Night by Kiss.
  Whoa.
  Which is pretty fun.
  Let's be honest.
  Pretty fun.
  Explain, with one more sentence, explain why that is fun.
  The song Rock and Roll All Night is fun.
  So when they play it, it's fun.
  And on birthday is fun, okay.
  Uh-huh.
  Okay.
  I mean, I guess you're right,  the juxtaposition isn't anything special.
  I guess you're right about that.
  But the playing of that song is fun.
  Okay.
  Let's see, they move like Jagger, which is modern.
  Recibly modern.
  In the broad, in this era, and that was the classical era,  that was the Renaissance era, yeah, it's technically.
  Here's what I think you found,  and here's why I think you're so upset,  is that they play If You're Wondering,  If I Want You To, I Want You To by Weezer.
  I didn't know that.
  Okay.
  No, no, this is all, well, we're not,  we're just digging the hole deeper, the rabbit hole deeper.
  They did a medley of Hit Me Baby one more time  into an N Sink song, what was it?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Gonna be me, I think.
  I think so.
  I like that, I watched that clip.
  I thought that was fun.
  And the crowd, for most of these, the crowd loves it.
  The crowd is going wild.
  Well, that's not a question, Jason.
  Yeah, I'm just trying to let the listeners know,  maybe they weren't there.
  Yes, if the listeners were not there  and they didn't get to watch Are You Gonna Be My Girl,  My Jet.
 This is, I'm the most curious about this,  because am I getting just flamed when this comes out?  Are people gonna be furious?  If you see a picture of this,  I think you probably go, what is this shit?  But if you were there, man,  I think you know what I'm talking about.
  I think you get it, if you were there.
  I think that's the whole thing.
  If you felt the rumbling bass of Jackson 5 ABC,  with you, when you felt those drums.
  Okay, you know what, let's do this.
  Let's go watch a little video,  we don't have to even have this sound on,  just to get a little walk through.
  I think this is opening night.
  And I think we mentioned on the other episode,  they had, it wasn't just the band,  it was big props, big set pieces,  this giant clock that would count down.
  I think we would walk by the clock  and I'd say, it's almost time to get mad.
  I think I would regularly-  I think you would, Michael.
  I think I regularly point that out.
  You were right in my case.
  Yeah, so they would also have, as we said,  two guys doing a cockney accent.
  Well, they're Tweedledum and Tweedledee  and they're the bouncers.
  Yes, and they act as the bouncers.
  Doing a little bit of business,  they're doing some funny.
  Yes, I remember interacting with them  and they're wearing lifts and they have weird costumes  and they look strange.
  Here's the concept art for them, Scott.
  They're big guys, you can get them on a pin.
  They're in like Avril Lavigne boots.
  They are wearing Avril Lavigne's boots.
  And of course the hatters are the ones  who walk around the park and encourage you to come  and tell you the password to get in.
  Of course, cause there is like still,  yeah, it's a K-Fabe password or whatever you'd call it.
  No, all right, I like this.
  I like that there is a buildup.
  I like that.
  You see there they are right there.
  They're like kind of standing guard  before the show starts.
  I like that there's like a little culture here  and like you're being invited to a secret thing.
  Exactly.
  That's all fun.
  There's a lot of smoke.
  There's a lot of fog.
  Is it Six Flags?  I mean, it is maybe Six Flags level fog.
  That's a lot of fog if you're watching this video.
  So I'm just trying to get you there.
  I'm just trying to get you there.
  You're going through in the background.
  Yeah, I mean, they could have covered, you know,  Monsters Inc, whatever up, but then, you know,  they get up, they do some fun and you know,  you walk through and then you get to the, you know,  the musical performance here.
  And then let's go from here to-  Is this where they play like another one bites the dust?  I forget what it is.
  I did see this video.
  I think it might be another one bites the dust.
  I can volume up.
  Let's see.
  I forget which one the first performance is.
  We are the champions.
  No, it's any way-  Any way you want it by Journey.
  Okay.
  But I will say is I completely agree with you that I,  if I'm critiquing this as like a guy playing a set on it  as a DJ, I go, well, this person has very normie  taste in music.
  And I might turn up my nose at the playlist a little bit,  even though I like a majority of these songs.
  I would say, okay, but in the context of Disneyland  and the context of these dumb costumes  and this bizarre stage setup, I enjoy watching this.
  And especially if it's live music,  you can play any normie song you want  and I'm going to enjoy it.
  So I just want to add that bit of context as well.
  Cause I am half music snob, half normie idiot  when it comes to music.
  And the live component.
  You're just-  And the live component.
  And especially when you add fucking these guys  in these leather.
  You know, I realized also as soon as I saw a video of this,  I'm like, of course Mike loves this.
  This is the lead singer is so much the vibe  of 2010s Aerosmith.
  This is like, this is latter day,  not even 70s, 80s Aerosmith, but recent Aerosmith.
  These are like, it's like aesthetically so married.
  I direct messaged the Park MGM and I said,  is there any update on Aerosmith returning  for the Deuces Are Wild Las Vegas residency for Aerosmith?  They said, Mike, there's no plans right now  for Aerosmith to return.
  No, Bruno Mars is coming.
  A few days.
 Yes he is.
  Yes he is.
  But yeah.
  Half of Steven Tyler's face fell off.
  Was it COVID or something?  No, it just, we knew it was buckling and the day came and-  He grinned too hard.
  His grin was as big as a Cheshire cat.
  He thought about making love in an elevator too hard.
  Now, Mike, that clip you played us,  I think one of the shortcomings of this whole area is  it looks remarkably better at night.
  When it's dark.
  When it's dark.
  I will say you get the, the Monsters Inc.
  almost blends in.
  Well, cause they like paint it like  blacklight paint on some of the door frames.
  So like it kind of blends into the background  when it's dark out and it's lit.
  Jason, great point.
  The show was a little better at night.
  So that was for sure true.
  Especially like when they would just like not have the like  clock turned on.
  It was just looked like-  Sometimes the clock would not be turned on.
  Yeah, a set.
  Just a set.
  During the day and nothing's happening.
  The whole area looks a little trashy and you might,  and the whole area is trashy in general.
  None of us like this area.
  So maybe you walk by it and don't explore further.
  So you see that they had like all these different  pieces of furniture set out.
  These big gaudy pieces of like pink plastic furniture,  which I think are cool and were fun to sit in.
  It's again, I'm burping cause of this drink,  not because I'm emotional looking at a pink plastic chair.
  That's too much.
  I swear I'm not going to cry tonight.
  I swear I'm not going to do it.
  So you, yeah, they had all this stuff.
  I mean, for like looking at the different,  like any type of band offering that Disney has,  this is so much above and beyond what they would normally do.
  I feel like they'll know Mr.
 Chaypeck will never give us  the level of theming for a cover band performance  of all of our favorite hits of the last 30 years.
  And you know what?  And you know what?  The level of Chaypeck hatred.
  See that nighttime, but that looks fun.
  That looks fantastic.
  That looks pretty good.
  It does.
  Look, I like light up Disney things.
  Yeah, I do.
  This is not my complaint.
  This is cool.
  So there's Tootledee and Tootledum.
  There was so many light, like there's this area  that they're standing in front of here  was just like a light show dance area.
  And that's where I'm saying there would be like  dance circles with like,  children would be going in and doing stuff.
  Teenagers would be going in.
  Well, this entrance is the rabbit hole.
  You're going down the rabbit hole.
  Thank you, thank you.
  This was the rabbit hole.
  There was so much more thought put into this  than almost every, there's no like,  tomorrow in band stages is fine.
  You hear all the same songs,  but the amount of theming to theme,  let me look at the list for it to pull up a song  we haven't heard before.
  This is Halloween?  To hear, to hear.
  Okay, that was too specific.
  Karma chameleon.
  To hear.
  To hear.
  Bring me to life from the Deer Devil soundtrack.
  Rolling in the Deep by Adele.
  You know, the amount of theming.
  The lyric censored covers of Nirvana.
  To hear.
  Think again, we've talked about this,  this whole show is about theming, you know?  Cause if you take away all the theming  of your favorite ride,  what is it, a little boat?  That's boring.
  Yeah.
  So yes, if you take away all the theming  of the Mad Tea Party,  it's just moves like Jagger.
  Which I agree is not so spectacular.
  But down the rabbit hole,  with your two English friends here,  with the neon, with the drink me menu  that we haven't even gotten to yet.
  Yeah, doing bits, gently teasing you.
  Yes, gently.
  That's what I'm saying.
  It's all the fun.
  They're calling out.
  They have, look at this.
  On the back of their head,  they had tattoos.
  They had D and dumb.
  That said D and dumb.
  Again, this is above and beyond.
  This is Eiger, this is Eiger, I think,  at the top of the money spending time  in Disney California Adventure.
  Because they needed to bring people back.
  You think that Eiger put a lot of time  into the D and dumb tattoos,  and that Chapek spends most of his time  ensuring that this disrespectful crap  never happens on my watch.
  Well, I'm hoping to be proven wrong.
  I'm just worried that that is the case.
  Those Tweedle D and Tweedle dumb,  making a mockery of fully bald folks.
  I won't have it.
  I am not a fool.
  I am not dumb.
  Yes.
  I think maybe, yeah,  I think there will be no more head tattoos.
  And there's no reason they couldn't put this all back up  in like a long weekend.
  This could all be back.
  Jason, I've been saying that every time  we go to Disneyland since this thing got taken away.
  This area really hasn't changed.
  Like nothing besides like the one sound stage  is Marvel shopamania right now.
  This whole thing, sorry, Kennedy.
  Oh, I was just gonna say.
  They could have this up and running.
  Actually, the shortcoming of it would be  there's no annual pass holders at the moment  to be regular.
  That woman cutting her hair would go probably  because she was an annual pass holder.
  She would, for sure.
  She'd get her little hat out and get her pass  and then go do it.
  But yeah, then until.
  That little hat's just like tumbling  through a dusty alley right now.
  She like, she just like tossed it with a tear in her eye  knowing this would never return.
  Yeah, it's sad.
  I do get also a Vegas vibe from a lot of this stuff too,  which is what I really enjoy as well.
  It's very Vegas-y.
  This drink me bar sign is not so aesthetically pleasing,  especially in the daytime.
  But this feels like, you know, Chris Angel,  a Chris Angel like drink area or drink bar,  whatever you'd call it.
  And then they had, look at this.
  This is on the ceiling.
  Look at that.
  That's not where it's a table.
  It's a cocktail table.
  It has a bar.
  The drinks are upside down.
  That's right.
  It's upside down, you know.
  Look at that, look.
  Look at it.
  The audience, look.
  Like it, like it.
  Big key.
  And then, yes.
  So Jason, do you have the menu closer to you?  I don't.
  Here, I can find it though.
  Okay, yeah.
  So this is- Well, from here,  I can see Coca-Cola, Sprite, Dasani,  several types of Fuse.
  Did they still carry Fuse everywhere in Disney?  I think they switched to Gold Peak.
  Okay, because Fuse was their like tea of choice  for many years, but I don't think I've ever ordered a Fuse.
  Have you ever had a Fuse?  I have, it's not great.
  Yeah.
  That was always, I think Fuse is just as a word put me off,  but maybe that's just because I never had it.
  Yeah.
  I think it was Coca-Cola's offering at the time,  and then they switched to, yeah, Gold Peak.
  I can't read it so good, but I do see Mad Hat Edo,  and I see what you're saying, Jason.
  Without the J, the pun is more difficult.
  Yes, it's the Mad Hat Edo,  the Mad Long Island Ice Tea Party.
  Pretty good.
  I think I read one of each over the few years.
  You did every one of them.
  Not in one night.
  Wow.
  But I went to this so much.
  Although what's funny is, and we'll get to,  I guess we'll get to it at the end,  there's something they would do at the end of the show  that I didn't even know, because who I was with,  usually after 30 minutes would be like,  okay, we can go do something else, right?  No.
 Even if they weren't mad at me.
  No, we can't.
  Yeah, well, that's sort of what I would say, but.
  I was so curious, what was Lindsay's?  What did Lindsay think of this?  I think she was, I mean, she's not a big concert person  in general.
  Oh, you're blaming it on concerts, not this.
  She's upstairs, I don't want to bother her.
  It's like she wouldn't, I don't know,  she's not that into a time warp  followed by Boys of Summer.
  Love is never having to say you're sorry, so.
  Croquetini.
  Love story, love story.
  Love story, that's right.
  Ride or deal.
 Ride or deal.
  Yeah, so she, no, she wasn't a huge fan  of the Mad Tea Party or anything,  but she would go watch some songs with me.
  She would go indulge me.
  That's very nice of her.
  Very nice of her, yes.
  But they also, look, she likes old timey crap.
  She likes, she likes, you know,  I describe her music taste as like an old lady  singing in a little box.
  Like that's her favorite, like.
  Ba-da-ba-da-da-da-da.
  Like that, she likes that stuff, so.
  So she likes.
  She likes modern songs.
  Does she then like Suitcase in a Dream?  She, does she like.
  They do sing California Heroic.
  There's like a kind of a modern beat  in Suitcase in a Dream, but it is an old timey song.
  I forget if she likes Suitcase in a Dream or not.
  We'll have to ask her.
  Busy time for live entertainment right at this front  of the park between Suitcase in a Dream  and the Mad Tea Party.
  They're hiring a lot of singers, dancers,  hottest deck in town, the dance crew.
  That's right.
  The suited dance crew.
  I don't know what any of this is.
  Oh, they're dancers dressed like, you know,  kind of playing card inspired garb.
  And they would dance.
  That's in this.
  Yes, there's more fun.
  There's a whole other stage.
  A whole other stage with dancing, with fun.
  Yeah, it would be like over on the other side, basically.
  Yeah.
  Like across the area, what do you call it?  I guess it would be closer to like the arcade.
  Yes, and it kind of,  it's supposed to look like a house of cards.
  Really, it looks like, you know, girders and like metal.
  Do we have a picture of that?  Lighting rigs.
  Probably.
  Yeah, there's a big drink me.
  I have.
  Cotton candy lemonade.
  Oh yeah, I didn't realize some of these are just here.
  I have a couple of those Disney cube light up cubes,  but that's from many different ridiculous drinks.
  Yeah, I find cubes.
  Pro-K, teeny.
  Oh, the fuse truck.
  There was a truck, fuse, ice tea truck.
  That might not have been,  oh, I guess it was because it's got heart on it.
  That's so gross.
  Fuse truck.
  You know what fuse is probably doesn't go as far as brisk.
  There's the cup, there's the hat.
  What was in there?  I don't think it was.
  Is that what you had to drink to have this?  I guess it was.
  I guess I had actually had to have drink fused  to get this.
  Go down, what's the caption?  What are we, Cheshire Chiller.
  Desert pear.
  Oh, I just wanted the cup, you know.
  No, you would hate to choke down a bright pink icy,  maybe, am I getting this right?  Non-alcoholic.
  I think it was non-alcoholic, yeah,  because it probably was in a fun like child's cup.
  Jabberwocky juice.
  Hatter's Mandarin Fury.
  It's a Mandarin,  you don't know it has Mandarin origin  and that is truly inexplicable.
  Yeah, that would be very confusing.
  This is some of the costuming for the people working.
  This whole thing is great if you love Russell Brand.
  You're a big brand head.
  Oh, I didn't mention that I was.
  But you don't wanna hear him talk about atheism.
  If you're like, I want my brand without my atheism.
  Just want him to feel the flow, man, you know what I'm saying?  I just, I feel like we need to hear more from him lately.
  That's all I think.
  Cause he had a really hot couple of years  and now he's like just doing a podcast.
  I met him once.
  When was that?  I was interning at UCB  and he was testing out his monologue for the movie awards.
  I thought you had to drive him,  you had to get him to the Greek.
  I didn't have to get,  oh, I wish I had to get him to the Greek.
  It was this weird, this unforgettable night where.
  And a person, a woman came in,  she's like, can I sneak in and watch a little?  And the manager was like, yeah, sure, go ahead.
  And she was like, do you know who that was?  Cause I didn't really react.
  I was like, no.
  And she was like, that was Katy Perry.
  But she had just changed her haircut.
  So I did not recognize her.
  No, I didn't know it.
  She had like Uma Thurman kind of Pulp Fiction-y kind of hair.
  Very tall, both of them hugely tall.
  Russell Brand and Katy Perry, yeah.
  She might've been the shoes.
  Let's look up the height.
  She's wearing those T-D, Trill D, Trill Dumb shoes.
  I mean, they both might've been wearing little heel.
  I'm looking up Katy Perry height.
  I mean, everyone looks tall.
  I bet she's five, eight.
  Yeah, I don't think, yeah, she seems short.
  Audience.
  Katy Perry is five, seven.
  She had heels on her platforms or something.
  Must've been the heels.
  Because he's pretty tall.
  Yes, okay, so here's in the arcade.
  And this is like the black light, which this is fun.
  This is legit fun.
  I would like to have round one over in Burbank  with all the games had this like color scheme.
  I think that would be pretty fun.
  Instead of just like fluorescent lights.
  Yeah, a little heavy on the fluorescence  at the round one.
  There's a lot of fluorescence at that round one, I agree.
  Look at this character,  the walk around nightmare character.
  Now let's talk about him since he came up.
  This is a show, this is a character called Who Are You?  And he is like a giant walking around slinky thing.
  I did not know about Who Are You?  But when I started researching,  he was the first thing I saw.
  And I was like, I gotta say,  Who Are You dances to that song, Wear Your Head At?  Because he don't have a head.
  And he is weird.
  Like if you see video.
  He's a big rainbow, he's like a slinky mixed  with like a rolly polly.
  Yeah, if he wasn't a fun multicolored scheme like that,  I think I would hate him.
  But because of the colors,  I think I still have to say I like him.
  But it is nightmarish.
  Technically impressive.
  Yeah, it's nightmarish.
  It is a nightmarish kind of design  for like an anthropomorphic being.
  Everyone is a very highly skilled professional.
  The musicians and the dancers and Who Are You?  But I don't know about Who Are You?  I think I would be scared if I saw him in person.
  We'll link you to this Disney food blog.
  It did such a great job of hitting all the highlights.
  Right here.
  And there's plenty of footage on YouTube.
  They're really the Hunter S.
 Thompson of the Mad Tea Party.
  Fear and loathing at the Mad Tea Party.
  That's right.
  I was about 50 feet from Who Are You?  When the clod, when the Cheshire chaser kicked in.
  You stood on the House of Cards stage.
  You could gaze out into the distance  and see where the wave had crested  and the water rolled back.
  Yeah, so this is the stage  which Jason was talking about earlier.
  Yeah, where you would get playing card dancers  who were really impressive as my recollection.
  Yeah, and Tweedledee and Tweedledum would introduce them  and do some bits, you know.
  It was a lot.
  There was a lot there.
  And then there's a man himself.
  DJ White Rabbit.
  DJ White Rabbit.
  And there were many DJ White Rabbits.
  So he's got a backwards hat and with glowing,  backwards white hat with glowing white rabbit ears.
  There were five prominent DJs.
  I guess I have to list them now.
  DJ Adam Auburn, Vindt3R.
  Move on, didn't get it fast enough, next name.
  They did get to say their names.
  They got to say DJ.
 DJ Michael Paul,  DJ Jason Jass, DJ Missy B, DJ David Bullock.
  And then, this is somebody we haven't talked about  on the show before,  but we are very familiar with her.
  DJ Wendy Walker.
  Does that name mean anything to you too?  There is a woman named Wendy Walker  who DJs everywhere in Disneyland.
  And Lindsay and I have just run into her.
  We don't know her, but we've run into her  DJing at the 80s night.
  She's DJed at the Fantasy Fair area where people dance.
  She DJed as the White Rabbit.
  She plays maybe keyboard or DJs at the Tomorrowland stage.
  We've run into her everywhere.
  And she's like one of the most prominent  Disneyland DJs there is.
  And her name is DJ Wendy Walker.
  And she's everywhere.
  And she also would do the White Rabbit here.
  So I bet she's probably got the most Disney DJ experience,  at least at this point.
  The White Rabbit, that seemed like a,  I'm not going to say an easy gig,  but it seems like a pleasant gig.
  Like they would do in between the bands.
  They didn't have to do a lot of movement.
  You could just kind of DJ.
  I don't know.
  Do you think being a DJ seems like it's easy?  No, no, not at all.
  I don't think, I'm sure it's a craft that takes a lot of,  you know, learning and work like anything.
  I was really hoping you said, yeah.
  Oh, I don't want any beef with the DJ community.
  Yeah, you fucking hit a button.
  What do you mean?  Start throwing records at you like ninja stars.
  Yeah.
  I just mean in terms of like labor  for like people doing these shows.
  Like even the like main band,  like the singers had like some light choreography.
  Oh yeah.
  Well, they're still like singing,  like singing three shows a night.
  Oh, that yeah, that'll wreck your vocal.
  Yeah.
  But as far as like,  very draining.
  For the one button that a DJ has to push every five minutes.
  Sounds like you have the few DJs.
  Sack of shit, DJs.
  You were hoping Jason was on your own board with you.
  You've been waiting to make this rant.
  Oh, I'm so mad at DJs.
  All of them, but Wendy.
  All of them, Wendy.
  Wendy's great.
  Yeah, I don't want to make Wendy mad.
  So yeah, so that's DJ White Rabbit.
  And it was just like, there was so much going on  and the show was so long.
  You wouldn't like,  you would catch different parts of the show.
  I mean, again, cause nobody would let me  just stay there the whole time.
  Then this guy.
  Did you ever do it by yourself?  Yeah, maybe.
  I may have walked over there and somebody was like.
  In your ideal, are you like one of these days,  I have to go do this for five hours.
  I don't know how long it ran for.
  That's a good point.
  I don't think I ever had that thought.
  I don't think I was thinking.
  I guess I was thinking it would never go away.
  If I, I think it kind of went away quickly all of a sudden.
  And I think if I knew we should have gone down  for the last one and I would have done the whole thing.
  Well, the second engagement was like a year, right?  Right, yeah, yeah.
  So no, I didn't have that thought.
  But as you say that, I'm regretful that I didn't.
  So were you upset that like, so it just went away  and it's like Anderson Cooper wasn't even talking about it.
  Like the media didn't even address it.
  They didn't, yeah, there was no ABC special.
  Why is no one talking about this?  Farewell for it.
  And it was replaced by a much worse thing  that lasted very.
  I don't even remember.
  I forget, there was some like generic  sort of like summer festival thing and never,  it couldn't even, they barely put any work in it.
  It was the Lone Ranger rave.
  People are pretty pissed.
  The Lone Raver.
  DJ Tonto.
  It's me, DJ Taboo.
  It's me, DJ Tonto.
  It's me, Tonto, DJ Tonto.
  Now there's a funny picture of a person here  who was obviously upset about Electronica going away.
  I heart Tron, but this will do for now.
  So he was a big Electronica fan,  which I also like Electronica a lot.
  It was much more sinister.
  But Electronica, yeah, was like a dark, more of an EDM.
  Some of those like kind of dark, death punk score songs.
  Well yeah, they played this stuff.
  The dance party, the world that they're going into,  when they get to the rave, the Tron rave in Tron Legacy,  it is a very, it's a grim scene.
  That's not really a fun party.
  Right.
  Not like the one at, yeah, it should have been fun.
  Like the Zion rave in The Matrix.
  The Matrix 2, yeah.
  The Matrix 2.
  The horn.
  Who's got those theme parts?  Nobody's, there's no Matrix going on.
  That's a good question.
  It's Warner, so they're screwing, all right.
  Nothing Warner can ever be anywhere else.
  Warner Brothers, I mean, Warner Brothers did experiment  with kind of like haunts and stuff that won Halloween season.
  Well, they had, no, I was just thinking this.
  I've seen people, there's like a new  kind of elaborate studio tour.
  Oh, they buffed up the studio tour.
  And like you hear like part of it's like  Harry Potter or something.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Should we get free tickets and do that?  I mean, of the high of us, sure.
  I mean, because it's very close.
  We can go drive by the minute.
  That's true.
  It's a good way to do it.
  Yeah, yeah, I've never done that tour.
  Yeah, I've never done it.
  But if they, yeah, they have like more themed stuff,  I think to walk through, it's not haunts, but.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, okay, we'll do that.
  So yeah, Matrix will never,  you would think there would have been a generic  like Six Flags, Coat Maistre, Matrix Coaster.
  That's just green lights and that's it?  That's, well, like maybe it like hangs you  and it's like bullet time or something.
  Like it's some, like it doesn't really apply,  but they use the phrase.
  Dr.
 Smith, or what is it?  Mr.
 Smith? Dr.
 Smith.
  Dr.
 Smith, no, wrong.
  That's the, that's the.
  That's why Matrix 4 is coming, you know?  Oh yeah, yeah, there's always this time.
  Mr.
 Anderson.
  Okay, is it not even Smith?  Oh, Mr.
 Smith, yeah, he's the bad guy.
  Okay, okay, let's say Mr.
 Smith Spinners.
  Agent Smith.
 Agent Smith.
  Agent Smith and Mr.
 Anderson.
  Okay, okay.
  Is it what Dr.
, what Agent Smith says.
  Yeah.
  He calls him Mr.
 Anderson.
  And they're all being played by the Merovingian,  the master manipulator.
  Wait, who?  The Merovingian?  That was one of the other weirdos in the sequels.
  Oh, is that three?  No, he's in, I think that he's the one  they're trying to get to in the second one.
  I've been stumped again.
 Stumped again.
  Stumped again.
  You stumped us for the third time.
  Ding, ding, ding.
  He's not the guy with the TVs.
  He's like the guy who's like very rich.
  Look up how tall he is.
  Oh, is he five seven?  I think Russell Brand might be tall,  but am I taller than him?  I bet I'm taller than Russell Brand.
  Okay, I'm gonna have to talk about something.
  You're both Googling facts.
  I don't have, I've got nothing.
  I didn't look up what this is.
  There's a guy in a, you're making me cover.
  Six one.
 There's a guy in a blonde wig.
  I have nothing here.
  Six one.
 Find your facts and be six one.
  Oh, a blonde wig like the twins  from the Matrix Reloaded.
  Six one is what he is.
  Dr.
 Smith one and two, the twins.
  Oh, okay, wait, I found the replacement.
  This guy, the Merovingian.
  Remember him? The Merovingian?  Oh, he's the guy in the restaurant.
  He's the guy in the restaurant with Dr.
 Women.
  There are two women with him.
  Yeah, I remember that.
  Find the next drink name or something.
  We've talked about the Merovingian.
  Yeah, I didn't remember that was his name.
  That's a good poll, by the way, if that's accurate,  unless you've just completely butchered the character.
  The replacement was a temporary Freeze the Night,  a family dance party inspired by Frozen.
  Yeah, anything they threw in related to Frozen  is all trash and I don't think it's the fault of Frozen.
  They didn't anticipate it and then we need as much Frozen  as humanly possible.
  We don't care what it is.
  The quick Frozen solutions didn't really work,  which yes, no fault.
  And then of course, yeah, so,  I mean, that's the gist of the band Tea Party.
  They had a Halloween set list,  where they would do a lot of the same songs,  but they would do Enter Sandman.
  And this is Halloween from Nightmare Before Christmas.
  And Thriller in one way or another.
  Oh, because it's a case, but getcha.
  I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, won't, yeah.
  It's kind of about a pursuit.
  It's about a pursuit.
  That is a scary song, if you think about it.
  There's a lot of, people have to do Halloween adjacent.
  You have to, what's that word about co-opting retcon?  You have to retcon, rock well,  somebody's watching me into Halloween.
  I see things like that happen.
  You have to like, all right, that's kind of,  yeah, it's scary, it's a paranoia.
  Who could it be now?  That's Halloween, that's a Halloween song.
  We all agree it's in.
  Because they have a mask on, a killer has a mask on.
  Like Myers has a mask on.
  I mean, they know it's in.
  Who can it be now?  Like, who are you, the slinky guy?  Who are you by the who?  Well, who are you?  Yeah, it's a mystery, that's a scary song.
  It could be Dracula.
  It could be Dracula.
  The Caterpillar says, who are you in Alice in Wonderland.
  I think that's why.
  Oh, who are you?  So he should sing Who Are You by the who.
  Have we talked about the, this is like a,  Kevin Perger in Defunct Land discovered this fact  long ago, and this was it.
  He, I give him credit for making this prominent.
  But I was a real latecomer in,  there was the show Adventures in Wonderland,  the Disney Channel show.
  And do you guys know where I'm heading with this,  the bizarre fact about this show?  I don't know.
  There was like, there's a number of episodes,  whatever, 80 episodes or so,  but only 79 exist and can be seen anywhere  because the one episode that they don't show anywhere  has a guest appearance by OJ Simpson.
  Oh, right.
  And this was filmed and ready to air in 1994.
  Like it was like on the cusp when it happened.
  And it's about like the rabbit,  maybe I'm wrong on the character,  but it's like the rabbit wants to be an athlete  or play football or something,  and then real OJ Simpson walks into his room  and hey, it's me, OJ.
  And then OJ is in Wonderland then later.
  And they didn't do this ever.
  They didn't have real people in the show.
  So just in this one instance,  hey, it's me, like the rabbit.
  Oh, if only I could meet someone, a great athlete,  like OJ Simpson.
  But weirdly, images of it are pretty prevalent  because they made a book of the episode.
  There were only like three or four that they were.
  Let's rush out our little paperbacks  of Adventures in Wonderland.
  And one of them happened to be this OJ episode.
  And it was already off to presses too late,  can't pull it back.
  That's insane.
  Copies on eBay, I looked immediately,  copies are like $600.
  Yeah.
  You bid $600.
  Have to have this.
  Well, no, Aaron caught me doing it and said,  no, no, no, no.
  Kicked the mouse out of your hand.
  The baby doesn't need formula every day.
  The baby needs a story to be read every night.
  This is for the baby.
  And so the rabbit wished and wished,  and who should walk in but OJ.
  Hey, how did you learn to read?  Like did your parents read to you when you were younger?  Oh yeah, well, what were some of your favorite books?  You really-  This Alice in Wonderland book that had, you know,  Alice, OJ Simpson, the March Hare.
  All my favorite Alice characters,  Tweedledum, OJ, Tweedledee.
  That's like when I sent you a screenshot of,  I forget what, maybe it was Tooby,  if Tooby has the Here's Lucy catalog on it.
  I was like, this is a shot of Gale Gordon,  Lucille Ball and OJ in like 1978.
  Anyway, here's some names of the arcade games  from the mad arcade.
  While you pull those up,  let me try and refresh your guys' memory.
  The Merovingian is married to Persephone.
  Monica Bellucci's Persephone.
  Yes, okay.
  She was one of the big, you know.
  Yeah, she's in there.
  Just start reading the names.
  Read the names.
  Okay, the mad arcade, okay.
  And it had games such as Whack A Hat  and the Bandersnatch Ball.
  So that's it.
  The arcade kind of makes less sense at this dance party  than like Ventron.
  They didn't want to do too much yet.
  They had to keep some of the stuff from Tron.
  They yanked all the vintage games for Wreck-It Ralph.
  So.
  Right, that's true.
  So that was a little bit of an afterthought.
  But still, I'm talking like Johnny Depp now.
  The effort was there.
  The effort was everywhere in every aspect of this show.
  And that's what I very much appreciate about it.
  Because yeah, you take this and you put it,  what was the cover band at Tomorrowland?  Suburban Legend.
  The Crash.
  Suburban Legend.
  If they did this song, I'd say all these songs,  I would be like, yeah, great fun Disney set for the normies.
  But I would not be doing a Patreon episode about it.
  It's because there's the whole approach.
  They really made a little world back there.
  Yes.
  They took, you know, it is what raves do  where they take a rundown derelict warehouse  that feels not even safe to be in  and they fill it with life and a party.
  And that's what that Hollywood area has felt like  for many decades now.
  I found this-  It's true to the rave experience.
  I found this video, somebody cut together  a mad tea party experience it.
  And this gives you really, like you were there,  this makes you feel kind of the vibe.
  Now, I don't know what this music is.
  I don't know if they played this at the mad tea party,  but this is how excited people were.
  They were dancing.
  They were being themselves.
  They were just being their authentic selves.
  Look at this guy in a tank top dancing.
  They were being fireworks, baby.
  They were, yes.
  Make them shoot up as they shot into the sky.
  Right.
  You don't see people dancing like this anymore.
  These people don't feel like plastic bags.
  No.
  No, they don't.
  I'm probably in one of these shots.
  Let's be honest.
  June 2012, you know, between the dog on top of his station  wagon and the binders full of women,  the Romney campaign's over.
  A second Obama administration is a foregone conclusion  at this point, and these people are celebrating.
  Yeah, like Jason's gonna be in this video  like spinning on his head in the middle of the circle.
  And I'm cheering him on.
  You know, this doesn't seem fun.
  Even taking all the irony out of it.
  I'm not saying this is as good as like a cool rock concert.
  I could see, here's what,  all right, you have not gotten me on board  with liking this, but you have gotten me on board  with that maybe I would have stopped at this  and enjoyed it for 20 minutes.
  I mean, that's a victory as far as I'm concerned  with this episode.
  In the episode, I knew this was a battle uphill  and I didn't think I was gonna win.
  Rewatching all these clips, it's really,  I did not appreciate it at the top.
  I think I enjoyed revisiting it now.
  You were right before, Jason.
  You shot past the correct dancers.
  No, I like Lindsay.
  I don't like big crowds usually, especially back then.
  But now I'm like.
  You don't usually go to a concert with me  because you were more of a,  no, we went to new pornographers at the Ace Hotel.
  It's all new pornographers.
  There's the dancing.
  Who are you?  Who are you, yes.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, when I would suggest that you would laugh  and you would go with, but you weren't like  nearly as excited to see this as I was.
  No, because you went post up.
  You were ready to post up.
  Yeah, I'm glad to hear that you regret  how you felt about it at the time.
  Can you, would you mind apologizing to me now?  I'm very sorry.
  I'm sorry, you know.
  I just put more like elaborate on it more.
  Yeah, I'm sorry that I was like a little more anxious.
  Didn't want to hang out back there for too long.
  And now I'm a little more level down  and I would love to be at the bad tea party right now.
  I'd kill to be there, honestly.
  And I'll kill again.
  I've killed before, I'll kill again.
  Keep killing.
  I'll kill as many people as it takes.
  Say, accept that apology.
  Whatever it takes to summon DJ White Rabbit  to his MacBook Pro, I'm ready.
  That lazy piece of shit rabbit.
  Okay.
  Hey, Jason's so lazy.
  That's you, that's you talking.
  Isn't that it?  Did we survive?  No, wait, no, no, there's one more thing.
  One more thing that I do think is funny and bad  and I need to play it because I did not,  I never knew Jason, Jason this couple hours ago texted me,  did you know about this?  And I went, Jason, this is the exact thing  I said I needed to play.
  And so I do want to set up.
  So when the second time they brought it back,  that big teapot, that big like kooky teapot behind the band,  but taken away.
  It seemed like that had been moved or taken away.
  And it seemed like the screens really amped up.
  Episode before we explained that the giant teapot on stage  was taken away for the last run of the show.
  It was taken away and the graphics and video content  kind of amped up.
  Yes.
  So Jason's getting emotional too, is what's happening.
  So yeah, this is, I really shouldn't play all of this,  but there's little chunks here.
  This was like kind of the closing thing.
  And it is pretty embarrassing.
  You're saying that after all this, now here.
  Hey brother.
  Yes, brother.
  I think it's time.
  Absolutely.
  Not this part, these guys are great.
  So this is the big finale, basically.
  What's that, we'll set the stage.
  Well, that's a little like music box kind of wind up toy.
  And Tweedledee and Tweedledum have started it  and now it's playing and you can hear it.
  And the motion graphics are just starting  because they go wild.
  And again, I did not know about this.
  I would regret, I apologize to the show for never seeing it  because I really would have liked to have seen this.
  This is a cutesy moon crescent.
  And there's video, I think of the opening  of the second run of this, where you tumble down  the rabbit hole and you go buy a bunch  of vintage Disneyland tickets and you go buy  the modern annual pass holder logo  and then it opens the door to the tea party.
  Yes, so there's a rock is got point up rocking guitar  when you wish upon.
  So Walt, okay, by the way, we should go back actually.
  No, Walt.
  There's more, there's more.
  Walt just started talking by the way.
  And then they go from when you wish upon a star  into the song, best day of my life.
  What's this song?  Is a song that.
  Oh, it's in a lot of insurance commercials,  gap commercials, fast food commercial.
  Like that's really where I do it.
  I had to look it up.
  It's by the American authors.
  I've never heard this.
  Never heard of this.
  Yeah.
  It's not, it's not a song.
  Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh.
  Please, let music keep being this for more decades.
  How many ohs and ahs?  Yeah, this is a real, you've never heard this?  This is, you know, peacetime decadence.
  We didn't know what was coming four years later.
  We had no idea what was in store for us.
  Everything is, stems from the politics of the era, but okay.
  Oh, Walt in a bunch of frames.
  So Walt has appeared now in the back of a bunch of frames.
  You can hear him talking.
  They have spliced in.
  Wow.
  And they're all masturbating to the, just at seeing Walt.
  They all have big boners.
  So there's like all these pictures in the back  and like of Disney.
  As if they're like saying goodbye to Disney.
  The American authors, I guess, are paying tribute now  to Walt somehow.
  And then yeah, they just go like this.
  More Walt clips.
  And yeah, they just bliced in Walt for some reason  at the end of this.
  And as the dancers come up on stage and do a big finale.
  Hottest deck in town.
  The hottest, thank you, the dancers  that are the hottest deck in town.
  And I never got to see this live.
  I never got to see this big finale  that I think is really funny because of.
.
.
  I don't know, why would you put, what gives a shit?  Why would you put Walt in there?  You know, the anniversary was all about  the history of Disneyland.
  Yeah, but the, it's not like the whole show  was like a salute to Walt.
  No, but if you scroll to the very end.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Is that what you were talking about?  Yeah, it's just the Disney, like a giant Disneyland logo  that flips to a giant man tea party logo  that explodes into diamonds.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Because they were really pushing the diamond thing.
  I guess to like figure out.
  Because they didn't have a new fucking ride  for that person.
  Yes, I remember we were disappointed  that there was not a crazy,  they put the Hatbox ghost on Haunted Mansion.
  That was it.
  And they coasted on the fantasy fair for a piece.
  But they decided they put some clips of Walt  in the mad tea party and maybe the audience  will be satiated.
  They coasted on the fantasy fair.
  Yeah, we're good for a while.
  We put one thing in one corner.
  There really wasn't much new stuff until Galaxy's Edge.
  They did.
  In Disneyland Classic.
  I think I've told this story before  is that they had a big event a year prior  to the diamond anniversary.
  And I, because I was clicking fast,  I got tickets to the like special fan event.
  And they were supposedly gonna announce a bunch of rides  and then they didn't.
  But instead they gave us a bunch of free stuff.
  Yeah, you got a big paperweight.
  Got a big paperweight.
  I got like a fast pass,  like classic fast passes to everything.
  I got like a food.
  We got like free food at Disney.
  And it was like, we forgot real quick  that it was like supposed to be an announcement  of like the great stuff coming.
  It worked.
  But it worked.
  Yeah.
  It was great.
  We took a picture with Anna and Elsa.
  We were like, we got fast passes, wow.
  No one was like, there's rides aren't going to be here.
  We're not happy with the offerings.
  Didn't matter.
  You just wanted to party with Mad Hatter.
  Just wanted to party with Mad Hatter.
  Look, also, because I flipped through this too  and a lot of the videos are from the last night  that this band performed.
  And look, I don't hold it against them.
  Emotions run high on the last night of anything.
  I know some shoot ends of something  that nobody ends up seeing  and you still make a speech  because you really went through something.
  I don't hold the emotion against them.
  But you do, I just flip it through.
  They're doing like a Conan Last Tonight show level.
  I want to say one thing.
  One thing before we leave the stage.
  And that is to be kind.
  Because kindness is what makes the world go round.
  And maybe if everyone was a little bit kinder.
  Like, okay, look, you are dressed  like the Johnny Depp Mad Hatter.
  You just did a cover of Separate Ways.
  You did a medley of Jump, Drive and Whale  and Stray Cat Strut.
  And now like, because if you, me, all of us work together  to bring love into this world.
  I mean, it's very funny.
  But also maybe they touched as many hearts  as Conan did on The Tonight Show.
  Yeah.
  You know?  I mean, the declining viewership of late night television  for the last 10 plus years, you're probably right.
  In a lot of ways, Jay was right.
  Conan wasn't getting the ratings.
  So, he wasn't getting the ratings.
  His ratings were way down too.
  Yeah, but no, I'm just saying Conan, like,  look, if you're not getting the ratings.
  Might be more overall.
  But there is a video of like one,  it's probably one of the last nights.
  And they say, I know some of you have been here all weekend.
  Like, they're regulars.
  Yes!  That's what Conan said too.
  You've been here in the rain.
  You've been like.
  Oh yeah.
  People, yeah, people protest.
  People tried to burn the park down.
  Team, team, what's the team Coco for the tea party?  Team Tea.
  Team Tea.
  Yeah, Team Tea.
  We're Team Tea now.
  TNT to the park and said,  bad tea party goes, we all go.
  Yeah.
  They got, there were so many suicide bombers  in the last weekend of this.
  A very popular show.
  I mean, look, we can still try to get it back, I think.
  I think there's still a chance.
  Again, there's like nothing over there.
  I know.
  I don't, I'm sure it costs a bit of money  for all of these.
  That Summer of Heroes,  because they can't call it Marvel or something.
  The Summer of Heroes is rough.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, with the Guardians ride's great,  but that Summer of Heroes where you just get  to like watch Black Widow drive around in an armored vehicle.
  And that was basically the entertainment.
  But I was like, they have,  the Guardians of the Galaxy is a good soundtrack  that a regular person would like.
  Why don't you just have a band play that?  And they did not do that.
  Yeah, they have a little dance party.
  Actually, yeah, having a band kind of dresses  all the characters.
  And if there's a raccoon drummer.
  Yeah.
  They did, they did a little more  of a version of it in Epcot.
  They do it like outside with a boom bop.
  They do a tiny show.
  Yeah, tiny show.
  But yeah, play those songs.
  They didn't do that.
  And then it doesn't feel like there's any room for fun.
  Like a fun thing like that in Avengers campus.
  No, because it's just the, you know,  spy agency torture of just the Avengers soundtrack  played forever.
  I wonder if it's still like that.
  I'm so curious.
  That is so miserable.
  I am too.
  Yeah.
  It seems like right after we were there,  like a week or 10 days later,  all restrictions were pretty much dropped.
  So people just walk into the land.
  Yeah, sure, sure.
  Just everyone just walking through.
  And I was like, okay, oh man.
  I made the wrong call on that one.
  But yeah, Dr.
 Strange should come through the portal  and be like, this is the best day of my life.
  My life.
  But I don't think that's gonna happen.
  They're gonna have to build another stage or something.
  Marvel rocks.
  Yeah, I'm on board with all of it.
  So much more.
  What is it, theming wise, do you think the same set list,  but if you put a different property on it  or a different aesthetic,  would that go a long way into your liking?  I think the Jack FM set list is a big roadblock for me.
  Okay.
  So that's probably the primary.
  But you know, one thing, I think just,  request number one,  have we not experienced Don't Stop Believing enough?  I agree with that.
  Have we not, have we like,  Yes.
  This, I think we've all had our time with it.
  We've all, it's time to say goodbye.
  Yeah.
  It's time to, like this,  it's time for it to explode into diamonds  and never be played by a band again.
  There's a lot of those.
  I mean, we should do a Patreon of songs we all think  should never be played again.
  There's those, I don't know that I even put that one on there.
  We've turned this box as many times as it can be turned.
  I'm no sweet,  Sweet Caroline is out for me.
  Of course.
  Yeah.
  I think that's retired.
  Jason, do you have one to throw in the pile?  I don't know.
  So good, so good, so good.
  Yeah, I don't like it.
  I have nothing, that's in my top 10 things that annoy me.
  Yeah, I really, it annoys me, yeah.
  I don't even think I put Don't Stop Believing  in this like top 10, but I get that.
  But you have one, no?  No, Don't Stop Believing was up, that every,  I feel like every party I went to in college,  like in the 2000s, someone would put that.
  Everybody like discovered it.
  And I kind of liked, I don't know,  I didn't feel like I had my time with it.
  I feel like I discovered Journey,  and then the Journey ended.
  We're covered on that.
  Enough dueling piano bars.
  Played waste to this.
  The problem is your average person doesn't go hard  on the B sides of anything.
  Like the average person knows 20 songs.
  And the people at these places are like,  we wanna make those people happy.
  Makes sense.
  But you're saying add another.
  Yeah, if you could, yeah, take any property,  probably Disney, just for the mental exercise.
  Just like to overlay it with an aesthetic,  with the same set list that you think  maybe would improve this 25%.
  What do I wanna see a rave of?  I mean, I, you know, some sort of like,  I'd be interested in a 2013 glam Winnie the Pooh,  where it's like guys in big,  it's a bright, like British trench coats.
  These people are meant to represent rabbit and Eeyore.
  Okay, yeah, that's good.
  I am way on board with that.
  That's really weird.
  That would be very, very odd.
  Yeah, 100 acres of rock.
  Yeah, there's stuff that makes sense.
  Like, not, it doesn't have to be a hyperspace hoopla,  but I like elements of it, like just have a band,  have a Figurine Dan and the Modal Nodes or something.
  Well, I would, yeah.
  That would make too much sense to do.
  I guess I'd need.
  No, I wanna see like Darth Vader playing a guitar.
  Like a hyperspace hoopla, like six,  and it's battle of the bands.
  Like that would be very fun.
  Best day of my life.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Yeah, dumb.
  I want it to be dumb as hell.
  Or the Avenger, yeah, even just all the Avengers.
  Like people in Avengers costumes.
  Sure.
  You know.
  Yeah, but that makes, yeah, it would have to be,  that would have to be 10 years ago.
  Everything is too serious, I think.
  Yes.
  So it would have to make sense.
  They would have to have a character  that plays music in the movie, I think.
  Or they'd have to have Hawkeye do it,  because Cherry Renner.
  Hawkeye rocks.
  Hawkeye is Rock Eye, and now,  and he does the Jeremy Renner song.
  Yeah, yeah.
  If he did the medicine.
 Heaven Don't Have A Name?  Oh man, if he did, yeah, Heaven Don't Have A Name,  medicine, the Jeremy Renner cover of  House of the Rising Sun.
  House of the Rising Sun.
  And then he takes his guitar picks and puts them on arrows  and shoots them into the crowd.
  Yeah.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  I mean, for my, yeah, the answer for me is just,  there's no bad suggestion for this.
  There's no bad overlay to put on this,  to put on these songs.
  Yeah.
  Take any Disney property.
  Take Bringing Down the House with Steve Martin.
  Great, yeah.
  The Kids from Prom.
  Doing prom, actually, that's a good idea,  doing prom back here.
  Everybody goes to prom.
  That's true.
  That is a movie that I only mostly know  because they had posters of it back in this area.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I was like, what is prom?  I don't really know what it is,  but if it's prom, you know what I would like  is a prom-themed thing where all the drinks are,  the bar is kind of hidden,  it's meant to evoke that you're sneaking it in,  so they give you drinks in an old water bottle.
  Oh yeah, dirty Gatorade bottle,  or a Gatorade bottle with the label removed.
  Yeah, a little bit of the paper sticking around,  it's all torn up.
  Yeah, some sticky on it.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Artemis Fowl and his many friends and cohorts.
  Run, Cougar Run.
  Oh yes, which we just discovered  in the Masked In Tears episode.
  Any of those.
  It's bullwhip, it's bullwhip.
  I will say also just from going to Videopolis  when the 80s night they had,  it is nice to have, I feel like these places,  you get a little energy,  you get a little jolt at like a 9 p.
m.
  If you're going all night,  if you're going to midnight,  you get a little live music, you get a little bass,  and then you're ready for another three hours.
  Yeah, wake people up a little.
  I do like stopping by a thing,  dancing for one minute, like no longer than that,  doing a quick little pass through,  and yeah, you're right, it does give you,  it gives you a little speed ramp.
  A little boost.
  Yeah.
  And then if you happen to be like,  when they played like Rhythm Nation,  then you would be like, wow, very impressed,  and then you would have,  if there was a chance you could have just wandered by  during Rhythm Nation and thought that they were playing  like some cooler songs,  and that it would've colored your whole impression  for a decade, that didn't happen.
  Well, I just didn't walk back here at all,  but now I've taken a long walk back here.
  A long walk back.
  Now we've had, we've achieved your fantasy.
  Do you believe it's only been an hour and 24 minutes?  Jesus Christ, you survived podcast the ride.
  That's what we gotta do on that, right?  Unless you have any, now do you want to have  any tearful last words?  No, I just.
  And I mean last words,  because there's no mad tea party too, I'll tell you that.
  Well, they did get to say goodbye twice.
  They did get to say, there is no-  Wasn't there a conversation where we were talking about,  you suggested that we do this,  and then I think Jason said,  well, what if we combine it with electronica,  and you were like, Jason, no, that can't, no.
  No, no.
 That's two different things.
  I was pitching a month of the others.
  Oh, I see.
  I thought you were pitching doing them combo,  and Mike got like, hang on, no, no.
  We make a lot of fun on this podcast,  which Jason says sometimes, but he would never,  I would have never.
  Ever, ever suggest combining those into two episodes.
  He knows.
  Jason's aware.
  We'll get to the others.
  Well, now, all right, we're gonna try it.
  Now my heart fell apart, I'm very sorry.
  I do think-  Who even knows what the playlist for Glowfest  or electronica was like?  We'll have to look into it, Glowfest.
  And also, I keep floating the idea of doing a musical,  a live musical podcast, all right,  and I just think maybe we find some of these costumes.
  Dear God.
  I gotta end this episode before you get any more ideas.
  It's always a good time.
  Scott doing, oh, don't stop believing.
  It just doesn't matter.
  How many more of these elderberry drinks  are you gonna have to give me?  You'd have to take the pill, take the pill.
  You need to know that if you ever see this happening,  that I am not okay, I am in distress.
  If this is in a live setting audience,  stand up and say, Scott's not okay.
  He would have never, this is my will right now.
  In my dream.
  Wow, Mike and Scott are dressed like the walrus  and the carpenter and they're doing Shake It Off.
  In my dreams.
  In my dreams, yeah.
  Jason's dressed like the young oysters, the baby oysters.
  In my dreams, yeah.
  This is just, the whole complexion of this music show  has changed now that I've been thinking about Manti Party.
  All right, we're wrapping this up.
  Keep, stay, say, keep on surviving.
  Don't stop surviving Podcast the Ride with Second Kate.
  Three bonus episodes a month.
  Keep it here.
  Yeah.
  All right, let's, this is it.
  I'm pulling the plug.
  He's just a small town boy.
