 Forever.
  Dog.
  And now, to honor America, a podcast that may feature a litany of public domain songs,  sad mice, sad rabbits, sad possums, and of course the dreaded bodiness.
  Find out which exhausting old timey song Jason thinks is a bop as we deal with America Sings  on podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast The Ride, a show where if you like hearing the names of corny ass  public domain songs uttered, this is the episode for you.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  I'm here and let the public domain names begin.
  Let the public domain of folky nonsense begin.
  You could be any sort of pop star now and do any of the songs that America Sings and  do them for free because of their public domain.
  So Dua Lipa could do Yankee Doodle Dandy.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Except like the last quarter of this show.
  Oh, right.
  Yes.
  Three Dog Nights would have something to say to you.
  Oh yeah, there's some copyright going on.
  Scott Gardner is also here.
  Yeah, there's I think three copyrighted songs amidst a bunch of old bullshit.
  Yes.
  I'm so glad we're all on the same page about this.
  I think we are.
  Yes, America Sings Likers.
  Apologies if yeah, we all came in with an energy.
  I feel like it's an assumption that this thing was like, oh, we might be a little more endeared  to it than we are.
  It has all the ingredients of something that you would like on paper, you'd go, oh, wow,  this show that none of us got to see live.
  I don't think right because it's we would be no.
  No, yeah, nobody's here is to logistically.
  You may have been able to see it between the ages of like one and three because it closed  in 88.
  Yeah, I think it may be because I think the first time I went was 88.
  So it could have been there.
  You could have my parents maybe didn't feel like it.
  And I asked my mom about it this morning and she had no idea what I was talking about.
  And you guys lived out here.
  I just talked.
  I was just talking to my parents and they're like, oh, what's the topic for the show today?  And I said, oh, America Sings.
  It's nothing.
  No recognition.
  Like, what?  And my mom is much more in Disney.
  But we you know, she went to Disneyland in 19, I don't know, 70 something maybe the last.
  But I don't know.
  She apparently she knows she loves Burl Ives's singing voice, but she doesn't know America  Sings.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's not the fondest of feelings for this thing.
  But look, it's Fourth of July weekend.
  We're all excited about it.
  We had to talk about something patriotic.
  Right.
  Or are we making that up?  I think we might be making it up.
  But it feels nice, doesn't it?  We give ourselves a lot of puzzles and rules and metrics to do the show.
  And this might be an example of like, oh, maybe we we may have stepped in a snare of  something.
  They're going to want they're going to want to hear about a thing that even our moms don't  know about or like they're going to need to.
  It's going to boost the SEO.
  Everybody's going to be searching America all weekend.
  That's what I do the whole weekend is just type America into Google.
  Yes.
  30 times a day.
  We have the ceiling to floor list of federal and postal holidays.
  And we're like, well, we've got to make sure when these come.
  And every any piece of media that I consume, I expect some sort of patriotic version of  it or episodes like Hacks is on.
  And I expect there will be a sort of Fourth of July hacks.
  I understand the season is over, but I think that that'll probably happen.
  Right.
  Mayor of Easttown.
  Yes, they'll be July.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Of course, America, Fourth of July.
  Yeah, for sure.
  There's always going to be a Fourth of July special.
  Stone's Delaware County.
  Are you kidding?  Oh, that's true.
  You know, completely.
  Yeah, you have to.
  So the audience is jazzed.
  Yeah, they're absolutely jazzed.
  I really am talking about if we're going to do rides about every holiday or to cover rides  that cover every holiday, I really hope that there's not some Columbus ride that we are  aware of.
  If there is some cursed Christopher Columbus attraction, it's some Godforsaken park.
  There's got to be a Columbus ride.
  There's got to be something.
  The tales of Chris.
  Let me I'm looking it up right now.
  Kind of a Sinbad, like an attempt at an inspiring.
  He made friends everywhere he went.
  Well, power of friendship and then brought on the Nina, the Pinta and the Santa Maria.
  And they all talk.
  The three ships all.
  I'm Nina.
  Now, that is kind of that vibe is kind of present in this attraction because one of  the like the thesis of this ride is like, let's talk about the history of songs in America  and the music in America.
  And Ollie Owl says, like, where did they come from?  And Burl Ives, Sam Eagle or Eagle Sam, not Muppet Eagle Sam, but he goes like, well,  people brought them from their home countries.
  And it's like, that's bullshit.
  That is not present in this ride at all.
  There might be like one or two.
  Maybe one.
  But most of these songs were just stolen from slaves and people singing and honky tonks  and brothels.
  Yes, that's true.
  They never made a dime off the things they eat.
  Well, that is very true.
  But let's let's back up a minute to explain in case you don't know what America sings  is coming in real hot.
  Don't know what it is.
  I'm confident a lot of people.
  Yes, much of our audience not alive when this was running.
  Probably like us, a chunk of them just born.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  But so there was the Carousel of Progress and most people I think if you're listening  to this show, I would assume you know Carousel of Progress.
  It's a robot show where like an older man explains the new gadgets in his kitchen.
  Like that's basically the show.
  But the but in different kitchens and kitchens, 20 years apart until you get to the in the  current one until you get to the future of 1998.
  Yes.
  I mean, that would be funny if Walt pitched it like that.
  It's the it's a man and he's older and he wears a sweater and he explains what new devices  are in a kitchen.
  And that's basically it.
  The most dynamic show I've ever heard of.
  Yeah.
  And that ride, of course, looking towards tomorrow, looking towards the future.
  Tomorrowland.
  Where this ride exit Tomorrowland.
  The song.
  Progress to tomorrow.
  But what is more Tomorrowland than a look back at the past?  Yeah, there's a lot of this thing that yeah, like a lot of moments in it where like why  Why is this this old hound dog or like chastising a drunk goose?  And this is this is in Tomorrowland.
  Yeah.
  And it's.
  I got a question about the hound dog hassling the drunk.
  Is the drunk coded as Irish?  Oh, boy.
  Because like the pub window looks like it says Joe's and the drunk is wearing like a  little bowler hat.
  And I'm like, immigrants causing trouble.
  I mean, the cops definitely Irish.
  He was going to beat the shit out of that drunk for singing.
  The old dog.
  The old dog was going to beat the shit out of the goose.
  What kind of name is Adeline?  That's that's the key.
  That's a good question.
  They're singing about sweet Adeline Adelaide line.
  I'm not sure that was on the B-sharp.
  They sing that on the B-sharp episode of The Simpsons.
  The whole attraction is full of weird, cruddy songs that I only know from The Simpsons,  which you all because later you also get old gray man.
  Oh, yes.
  Yes.
  Which used to be which completely on The Simpsons is presented as like what if an old man pulling  his pants down, saying this cruddy song?  Yes, that is true.
  One of the safest songs to do.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That one seems follow.
  Who knows?  You never know what's what's around the corner.
  But anyway, yes.
  To fill in the history of this, we're getting into the 70s and there's kind of a feeling  that people have seen the Carousel of Progress.
  They know it.
  They know all its moves.
  And we got to get something else into this rotating, spinning theater and go take the  Carousel of Progress so that a new audience can see it and we can go not change it there  for 15 years.
  Yes.
  This premise is wild to me that in the 70s, they're like, I feel like people have seen  this.
  Don't we have to do something different?  Like around around the world at these parks?  Like I think it's fine.
  I think we'll let that one sit.
  Well, that feels like more of a general electric suggestion than an imagineering suggestion,  maybe because it was so dependent on their sponsorship in electronics.
  And it's like, well, a lot of people in California have seen this, but you've got a brand new  park.
  Maybe we can move it there.
  Yeah, we need the people in Florida to see the appliances in the kitchen.
  They haven't seen the progression of appliances.
  So if they yeah, now we get we'll give them 40 years of this 40 plus.
  Teach them about appliances from 50 years prior.
  Yes.
  You know, there's you know, there's washboards now, electric washboards.
  And it's been the times Floridians.
  It's been dazzling Florida audiences ever since.
  By the way, I'm making these jokes.
  We like Carousel of Progress.
  Oh, yeah.
  Carousel of Progress looks like like Ben Hur compared to America Sings, whatever Casablanca.
  It's like Carousel of Progress is a masterpiece compared to America Sings.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just blinked because I'm like, yes, I'll pretend I've seen and like Ben Hur can do.
  Well, I'm just I'm catering to that film, the AFI Top 100 crowd when I say that, you  know?  Yeah, sure.
  I'm not saying that's one of my top 10 films.
  Carousel of Progress looks like Citizen Kane compared to this, The Other Side of the Wind,  right?  Film heads.
  That's right.
  You're more if there's anyone on the podcast, it's the AFI guy.
  It's you.
  Yes.
  The Other Side of the Wind, of course, is Worsen Welles' unfinished movie that was finished  finally a few years ago.
  And you can watch it for free on Netflix or if you like me were a sucker and paid $40  to a Kickstarter seven years ago.
  You can watch it that way.
  It's fine.
  It's fine.
  He had a lot of all this time.
  We've waited for this Orson Welles gem to come.
  It's fine.
  Yeah.
  You were I mean, I believe I don't know if we've talked about it since I think on the  great movie right episode, I did declare you podcast the rides Robert Osborne.
  Yeah.
  So that's a little more of some Osborne style factoids from you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't remember that part.
  I think the gangster came in and started shooting us and talking about cum.
  Huh.
  That doesn't seem familiar to me.
  But I guess the Osborne thing.
  I don't know.
  I'll go back.
  I think if everyone thinks of the bit they like the most from that episode, they're going  to think about when I said Jason was like a kindly old man that would introduce movies  on TCM.
  Yeah.
  Or whatever.
  TMC?  What the hell?  Turner Classic Movies.
  Turner Classic.
  Oh, I was right.
  Good.
  Who saved the great movie ride for the last few years.
  They ponied up sponsorship.
  He saved it.
  Putting a Robert Osborne intro saved the ride.
  No, no.
  I mean like saved it monetarily, support wise.
  Yeah, financially.
  I thought you meant that was like a refresh where they were like, we got to do something  current for the great movie ride.
  I know what it is.
  I loved it.
  I would certainly.
  Oh, Osborne.
  Yeah.
  All the kids then came back to see it.
  Yeah.
  But anyway.
  Too many 11 year olds.
  They had to push them out of the park.
  So yeah, it's 1974.
  We got to get something else in here.
  Let's and so America's Things shows up.
  I'm acting like I have more information.
  Well, they wanted to celebrate the bicentennial.
  America had bicentennial fever.
  And yeah, sure.
  Two months after this ride opened, Richard Nixon resigned in disgrace.
  Don't worry about it.
  That's funny.
  What are the makers of the funny he's supposed to do about Richard Nixon?  Mark Davis didn't know about Richard Nixon like Whitewood and Watergate.
  Or the vibe in America sometimes like, hey, you everyone's kind of out of it because we  lost the Vietnam War.
  Let's get a ride in there.
  Starts off with the Confederacy of history's biggest fucking losers.
  It was the 1970s, though.
  No one knew what the hell was going on.
  No, no.
  It was kind of a bleak time.
  I think that's why people latched on to the bicentennial.
  It would be crazy.
  It would be crazy if it was like a very progressive show, honestly.
  That would be more shocking to me.
  Oh, I don't.
  I didn't expect that.
  They were like, we got to go.
  You got to come back in the studio.
  You have to, as Sam Eagle, address the resignation of Richard Nixon.
  Yeah.
  We have to.
  We have to do that.
  We have to amend this to talk about what Nixon has done.
  The theater won't be moving today.
  I have some thoughts.
  You know, the White House is not to be sullied with.
  Burlives should have gone in.
  They should have done like an overlay every time there was some sort of disgraceful thing  America did.
  And Burlives would go in and address the audience.
  I'm just saying that.
  Disney is very good at mythmaking.
  Of course.
  And the number one thing they're good at mythmaking is Uncle Walt, the character of Walt Disney.
  Yes.
  Well, that's their greatest character.
  That's the greatest character.
  The number two mythmaking could be argued, American excellence, like is in a lot of the  parks.
  Like not the international parks.
  You've got a real essay prepared for today's episode.
  I did.
  You got a college term paper.
  Because I was waiting to like latch on to like, well, I like this bit.
  Just wasn't coming.
  It started to bubble up on the second or third viewing because I was trying to give it a  chance.
  But man, I was ready to drop kick that weasel.
  I'll tell you what.
  The weasel is rough.
  The weasel is definitely rough.
  The weasel is bad.
  Yes.
  I don't disagree with that.
  Yeah.
  It's just, you know, look, this is the same.
  It is funny.
  I was like even just like thinking about being a kid and like doing the Pledge of Allegiance.
  Now I go, that's kind of weird.
  It's kind of weird.
  So like the idea, yeah, in the 70s, it's like, yeah, of course, the show is going to be like  this.
  There's like no way around that.
  But look, there's cute animatronics as well.
  Well, of course, Mark Davis designed animatronics, which I think outside of the context, yeah,  of the whole show even because I don't even like, look, this is not as good as Country  Bears by a mile.
  Country Bears, again, Country Bears is like Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless compared to,  OK, compared to some crappy French movie.
  Yeah, right.
  Exactly.
  To some Gerard de Pardue bullshit in his later years.
  Some confusing action he made where he could barely jump over a foot high wall.
  De Pardue, I believe in Europe, has like taken the career path of like a seagull.
  De Pardue movies now are like, oh, this is dog shit.
  But he's like beating people up, hopefully.
  Like Seagull.
  It's just hard to tell.
  No, no, just in like Seagull got really bad and will do anything.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
  Well, look, I don't want to put down the early work of Gerard de Pardue.
  I'm just saying later.
  Sure.
  I'm going to keep doing film references as a man who knows all about film, the whole  show here.
  OK.
  I'm going to keep doing film.
  But like, OK, so we've got, well, all right, Mark Davis, we could talk about a little bit.
  He like, I mean, the best thing about this show for sure is the characters and Mark Davis,  I can't pretend to be a super expert about the stuff in these, you know, what specific  Imagineers and everybody did.
  But I do associate Mark Davis with the characters that you see that match the sketches that  you can go look up and where the characters really fully formed, you know completely what  they're about and sort of what the joke of them is.
  There's something charming about him that translates from his sketch to his animatronic.
  And he fits a lot of story into an animatronic that essentially can't do much, you know?  Like at most they can move from one point to another point, or they can rock in a rocking  chair or maybe even just flap their mouths.
  But I feel like all these Mark Davis characters, you're like, all right, totally, like if you  needed to make a movie about this character, you could.
  You could figure out a lot just from the way they look and their vibe.
  And that's a thing you'll see a lot about this ride is that a lot of this stuff, a lot  of these characters were concept art designs for the unmade Chanteclerc movie.
  Chanteclerc is back.
  Chanteclerc is back.
  What was the episode where Chanteclerc like overtook the episode?  Was it Sword and the Stone for some reason?  Yes, it was.
  But why?  What was the connection there?  I think they had two or three options of a movie to make that was in the running.
  Like Chanteclerc was in development for a long time, maybe like 20 years or so.
  Was it like Orson, that Orson Welles movie?  You know, actually a lot of his stuff was in development for a very short amount of  time, especially later in his career where he kind of had to run and go, but probably  a little too influenced by the European French New Wave movement.
  But there's no Kickstarter to make it Chanteclerc made.
  Not until we post this episode.
  No, but the folk tale of Chanteclerc was the inspiration then for Rock-A-Doodle.
  Yes.
  Yes, we did talk about that.
  Crucially.
  You saw Rock-A-Doodle when you were a kid?  No, I have no Rock-A-Doodle.
  You haven't seen Rock-A-Doodle?  No, I haven't seen Rock-A-Doodle.
  Man, we might.
  That was a movie that.
.
.
  I haven't seen Rock-A-Doodle either.
  Oh my God.
  I watched it a bunch and it freaked my shit out every time.
  It warped you.
  Yeah.
  You were talking about how you weren't that into music on the last week's episode, but  now you're saying you were a big Rock-A-Doodle kid.
  I was a big Rock-A-Doodle.
  Well, I feel like we got VHS tapes of Rock-A-Doodle and the Brave Little Toaster and both of those  kind of like sinister stuff in both of them.
  Characters in distress in an upsetting way.
  Yeah, well yeah, like Fievel and all that.
  We were talking, I think, on the other episode where it was like there's stretches of movies  around that time where you're like, the character just seems depressed and they're sobbing and  it feels like this is going on forever.
  You're a little kid and you're like, this is supposed to be fun.
  They move slower than characters today.
  Yeah, much slower.
  The scene is darker.
  There's only one character in there.
  Yeah, if you told me.
.
.
  It's getting rained on.
  I haven't seen Fievel Goes West since I saw it in the theater as a little kid.
  If you told me there were 45 minutes of Fievel sobbing alone in that movie, I would not be  shocked.
  I go, oh, that seems right.
  Yeah.
  I miss my home.
  Yeah, yes, exactly.
  An American tale, yes.
  Fievel Goes West, I remember being a little lighter.
  It's very orange.
  Maybe.
  It's very brighter.
  Maybe.
  I had that one on tape.
  I didn't have the other one on tape.
  And yeah.
  Only 40 minutes of sobbing.
  40 minutes versus 45.
  Oh no, someone got cholera on the way to Deadwood.
  Fievel's sick.
  Throw the mouse corpses off the boat.
  Oh no.
  They'll make us sick, don't you see?  I'm stressed for weeks afterward.
  Is Fievel going to be okay?  Will there be a sequel?  Mother, this was Jimmy Stewart's final performance, mother.
  Mother, this is Jimmy Stewart's final performance, mother.
  And I want you to be aware of that.
  We should be respecting Jimmy Stewart.
  That's you, by the way.
  He's great.
  He's great in Fievel Goes West.
  He gives it his all.
  Sure.
  I forgot that.
  Yeah.
  And he, yeah, the old kindly sheriff who ends up killing Fievel.
  And there's a 15 minute funeral sequence.
  And then in the movie they're like, everyone stand up and really imagine this is happening.
  There's like a title, there's like a card that appears.
  It's like, please everyone stand.
  Now is the point in the showing where the audience should feel free to get up and say  something about Fievel.
  There's a reason they call Fievel Goes West a prequel to HBO's Deadwood.
  It's like, yeah, early, if he was at the arc light, now I'm like, now sure as to come  in and like direct traffic.
  Does anyone want to say anything?  Where, I mean, we're in here for another 25 minutes.
  Yeah, we can't.
  There's no way to fast forward this.
  So.
  Yeah, sure.
  I felt pretty bad when he was sobbing for so long there.
  That's all I got to say.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Good.
  Anyone else?  Come on, talk.
  Yeah.
  You may as well talk.
  It's going to be weirder if you don't.
  Quite frankly.
  Okay.
  So it's, it's Mark Davis characters and I do like the characters and I think it made  me think that I might enjoy this attraction more.
  Yeah, that's of course what, yeah.
  But like, you know, I think there's no reason to like save this chronologically.
  America Sings probably most famously now is the source of so many of the animatronics  in Splash Mountain.
  We know this, we've covered this in Splash Mountain.
  If you're a Disney head, you know that, that America Sings closed around the time that  Splash Mountain was going to open.
  How do we populate this long ride with lots of characters?  This is the way to do it.
  Right.
  We tied together nicely because Mark Davis did concept art for Song of the South.
  Now I say nicely in the same sentence as Song of the South and I regret it instantly.
  I clocked it.
  I clocked it.
  Let's just remove those.
  I just mean in terms of art style.
  You're just giving the fact.
  You're giving a fact.
  I'm saying what they thought then in the 80s.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I was like, I know how to make this a less grim episode.
  Let's talk about Song of the South.
  Dear God.
  I think that we, again, the characters are nice and I like them in Splash Mountain too.
  I think I thought that America Sings is a traction with no blood on its hands.
  So I feel bad that these characters are thrust into Splash Mountain where, which is problematic.
  Another poor turn of phrase.
  In fact, it has literal end figure to pull on its hands.
  We have to brighten this episode, guys.
  I'll just stop using language of any kind.
  We could just go back to that bit about Fievel being so sad.
  That'd be fine, yes.
  I'll say that I agree that I think the character designs are nice, but I think Country Bears  by a country mile in terms of getting characters.
  Now that's a wholesome phrase.
  That's the way to make a point, Scott, on this episode.
  Nothing wrong with that sentence.
  I think.
  Let me Google it.
  A country mile, originally a term designed for.
  Oh no.
  They're forced to walk country miles against their will.
  I think Country Bears does a much better job of communicating quote unquote character,  like vibe of a character.
  Well, I think that too.
  But the character design is certainly very bright and vivid.
  Of course, because Mark Davis did so much Disney stuff, you see the characters and they  feel very familiar.
  Very much a little piece with many other attractions in the parks.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, I don't.
  It's like, yes, I think we all kind of have the same thing of like we love robot bullshit.
  The show is like 90% robot bullshit here on this podcast.
  Yeah.
  So we're like, hey, Mark Davis design?  Yeah, great.
  And then it's just, I don't think the show is not like Country Bears, like a funny show.
  This show isn't really funny.
  There's maybe like a couple of attempts at jokes.
  The clip, the show I watch on YouTube, it's like not getting much as far as laughter is  concerned.
  Maybe it was a bad crowd.
  We've all had rough nights on stage.
  I did see a video where the audience was clapping along a lot to Yankee Doodle Dandy, and I  think it was just like the backing music is a certain like.
.
.
  You think they had it clapped then?  No, I think the audience is clapping along because it's just like.
.
.
  But that's because.
.
.
  Easy to clap to.
  It's easy to clap to.
  Yeah.
  I'm like thrilled to hear any of the.
.
.
  I think that's right also.
  I don't know how they escalate it so quickly from like a dozen animatronics in Country  Bears to over 100 in this attraction.
  Is that how many it is?  It's something like.
.
.
  It's 115.
  Yeah.
  Is it really?  115, which there's so many in Splash Mountain, so that kind of helps explain it.
  That does make sense because they're like the same kind of geese come back, but then  the geese will be wearing like a different vest and a different hat.
  Yeah, but it's different and different on different stages and stuff.
  And it's also.
.
.
  I counted.
.
.
  I don't have a rough estimate because some of the songs repeat, like 37 songs?  Just snippets of so many songs.
  Country Bears is like a perfect album length of songs.
  And this is just doing like two seconds of like where the buffalo roared.
  It is like the sequel to Country Bears, but they got too.
.
.
  They got too much money.
  They had too much access.
  We've seen it a million times in rock and roll and in the movies.
  Or a filmmaker.
  In rock and roll.
  Rock and roll, you see it.
  You see it in rock and roll all the time.
  You know, American Idiot is perfect, but then the next album.
.
.
  You fucked up.
  You fucked up.
  Sorry about that.
  What are you talking about?  I've never wanted to storm out of an episode so much.
  It would have been so much easier on yourself if you said Dookie and then like American  Idiot.
  No, American Idiot I maintain is good.
  And the follow-up.
.
.
  You didn't say good.
  You said perfect.
  That is a heck of a word.
  I'll tell you this.
  I don't have a memory of saying perfect, even though it happened 45 seconds ago.
  I don't have a memory of learning all the lyrics to a lot of American Idiot songs,  but I somehow do when it comes on the radio.
  It was just an earworm back, you know.
  I really.
.
.
  Here's what the thing is.
  I thought I might have a great reference because I'm going to say the name of the follow-up  album, which was not nearly as good.
  I'm trying to find it because I'm blanking on the name of it.
  But it was an attempt to do another bigger, crazier thing.
  They were trying to do American Idiot part two.
  It did not work.
  So Country Bears equals American Idiot and these are both perfect.
  American Idiot and Country Bears are both perfect pieces of art.
  Similar, definitely of a piece.
  Probably one inspired the other, you'd have to assume.
  Yes, I think that's probably correct.
  The album, of course, was called 21st Century Breakdown.
  We know that now.
  That phrase is like, been in songs already.
  This is the most uncreative.
.
.
  But I know you're not saying that one's perfect.
  Yeah, no, that's the bad one, Scott.
  That's the flawed album.
  Not the album that has Jesus of Suburbia on it.
  A nine minute song that I do legitimately enjoy.
  I feel like I'm like, I don't want to keep talking about American Idiot, but I also don't  want to keep talking about America Sings.
  So I'm like choosing between two floating blocks of ice and I don't know which one to  jump on or whether to just jump into the cold water.
  Phrase called pick your poison.
  Yeah, do you want, I wish I were in Dixie or my old Kentucky home.
  Or do you want We Are, We Are, We Are the Waiting, which is one of the songs called  We Are the Waiting.
  Do they say we are, we are?  We are, we are, we are, we are the waiting.
  That's the same as We Are the Youth of a Nation, that other stupid song.
  It is.
  We are, we are.
  That's a P.
O.
D.
  We Are, We Are, immediately after P.
O.
D.
  After P.
O.
D.
  Yes, they copied P.
O.
D.
  Oh boy, boy, oh boy.
  Well, it's nice to be more mad at something than America Sings.
  I want to talk about one of the things I have an issue with America Sings is, I mean, every  sort of like making a video on, there's a defunct land on this from a few years ago  that hits a lot of good factual stuff and big points about this.
  And they, Kevin, pretty much immediately is like, you know, why is this in Tomorrowland?  So already it's confusing where it is.
  And then you, you, another thing I came across was like, this is, this is the last, the first  ride that Walt did not have fingerprints on.
  And it is, I don't know, it does feel very inconsistent.
  Well, it was written by Mark Davis and Albertino, I think mostly.
  Albertino being, and we'll get here, we're going to do a little tease later maybe, but  Albertino is the basis for Big Al on the Country Bears.
  He was an Imagineer.
  Oh.
  And he looks like Big Al from the Country Bears.
  But I think Mark Davis and him wrote this as well.
  You say Albertino?  His name is A-L-B-E-R-T-I-O.
  Albertino.
  Yes.
  Okay, got it.
  But one of the things that's inconsistent too is like, it's split up with a prologue  and an epilogue, and then it's divided into four parts.
  But those parts split, like the first two, Acts 1 and 2 are the early south and the old  west, so geographical locations.
  Act 3 is the gay 90s, so like the swinging 1890s.
  And Act 4 is just called modern times.
  So kind of inconsistent.
  What do you mean?  Well, like two, it's like, okay, the first half of the show is places and big places,  important.
  Oh, you're saying there was locations, the first two are locations.
  There's locations and then there's time periods.
  And then there's time periods.
  And that just seems like bad production sense.
  It's like someone needed to do another pass.
  Well, do they, let me ask you this.
  Do they say those names in the show?  I can't remember.
  Do they say like, and now we go to modern times?  I think these are the behind the scenes because I consistently came across these four names.
  So this might have been within Imagineering.
  They're referring to it as this.
  I would also say, yeah, they would, calling it the deep south is probably better than  being like before the Civil War.
  When you were starting to do research on this and then you come across, like, so what was  this thing where the, what's the first part of the deep south?  Oh no.
  Sorry, the early south, the early south.
  It says deep south on the Wikipedia here.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, yeah, both are bad.
  The first act you can throw into the ocean, except lay down by the river, down by the  riverside.
  Except for the heavenly singing voice of Burl Ives.
  Yeah, wait, let's talk about Burl Ives.
  Because Burl Ives ties it all together.
  Burl Ives is Sam the Eagle, who is, as I've definitely said on the show before, all Eagles  are Sam.
  They are.
  There's like three, the Olympics, Sam Eagle.
  The Olympics from the 1984 Olympics.
  Yeah.
  Sam Eagle, who I'm very fond of because he was still kind of around LA when I was a baby.
  He was hanging out.
  I like him.
  Yeah, yeah, you'd just see him at peace.
  He was like Angeline.
  You'd see him at Randy's Donuts, all the kind of typical, stereotypical LA spots.
  Sam the Eagle, the Muppet, obviously.
  And then this is Sam.
  Eagles can only be named Sam.
  Right.
  Here's a tangent, which I think is less troubling than something I think you're talking about.
  Sure, go ahead.
  Which I'm happy to do.
  I was like, I don't know a lot about 84 Olympics Sam, other than I saw him when I was a baby.
  What was the deal with him?  And I found on his Wikipedia that there was a, in that era, in like 83, 84, 85, that it  was such a Sam mania, such an Olympics mania.
  Really?  That there was a full cartoon series made about him in Japan.
  Really?  Why?  If you haven't seen Sam the 84 Olympics mascot, it's very similar to that.
  He's like wearing a red, white, and blue hat.
  He's a very Uncle Sam Eagle, or the American symbol.
  And yet they made a Japanese cartoon about him, which I highly encourage looking up the  intro of, you know, I mean, bonkers 80s Japan animation, as you might imagine.
  But let me read the description of what this show is.
  Private investigator Sam of Los Angeles is mysteriously transformed into an anthropomorphic  eagle resembling the 1984 Olympic mascot.
  I really read this before copy pasting it.
  It's a man and the mascot exists.
  So it isn't a show about the mascot.
  It's a show about a man who gets turned into somebody who looks like the mascot.
  Is that how like when Todd Phillips is doing press for Joker, he's like, this might not  be the Joker.
  It's a different Joker.
  It's not the Joker.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're all eagle.
  Everyone's getting eagle fied.
  Eagle fied.
  Is it like similar to like the story of like not Buzz Lightyear, the toy, but the band  was like, it was the original version of that.
  Yeah.
  Whoever did this, if there was Twitter in the 80s, they would have explained forever  like him.
  OK, with the help of his hilariously busty assistant canary.
  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
  Hold on here.
  I can't make it through one sentence of this.
  There's things to find at every turn.
  Busty canary.
  But it's not a canary.
  It's a woman.
  And if you watch the intro, like definitely the main way, the main thing that is featured  about her is cleavage.
  And apparently that like factors into the show.
  Like her boobs help things happen.
  But she's a woman.
  She's a woman who just resembles a canary.
  No, her name is Canary.
  Oh, she's just a normal woman.
  Normal woman named Canary.
  Is she blonde?  Like canary yellow.
  I don't think so.
  Is it color?  No.
  I don't think so.
  I'm giving them too much credit.
  I can't.
  I can find no life preservers for either of you guys.
  I don't know how to make this make sense.
  So with the help of Canary, Sam has to fight the bad guys and chase down his nemesis, a  cockroach riding a skateboard.
  OK, now is the cockroach a real cockroach?  Yes, I did watch the intro and you do watch him ride in on a skateboard and the whole  gang.
  The cast of characters, which from the group shot at the end of the intro seems to be 45  characters, they all get startled and run away from the skateboard cockroach.
  OK, and does the cockroach have any like physical thing I should know about, like a large bulge  or something?  Is there anything I need to know?  The intro does not reveal how big the cockroach's penis is.
  And I want to say, I mean, maybe that can't be big because it might get in the way of  the skateboard riding.
  So maybe it's like maybe he's just got like a pretty wide butt.
  Maybe it's something else.
  The cockroach has a big butt.
  OK, that's what I'm going to take from this.
  Got it.
  Now I can picture the character.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Big old seat.
  So and then just, you know, that's the standard as it goes.
  Sam's hat contains almost everything he needs.
  And when the going gets tough, he takes out special magical Olympic rings to help.
  Wait, wait, his hat gives him what he needs?  His hat.
  Yeah, there's infinite things in his Uncle Sam hat.
  It's like Felix's magic bag.
  Yeah.
  Wait, Felix the cat has a magic bag?  Yes, Felix the cat, a character from 60 years ago that had a cartoon.
  You should all be familiar with that.
  Flesher Studios, yeah.
  He was created in the gay 90s, 1890 around.
  Yeah, Felix had a magic bag like Mary Poppins' bag and he could pull anything out of it,  a knife, a gun, I guess, anything, anything he needed for an invention.
  Mainly weapons?  Yeah, he was a violent cat.
  So you're saying this hat is like that, but he also had rings with the rings stored in  the hat?  It says he takes out the rings, so I think so.
  I think he probably keeps those in the hat.
  I mean, if you had a hat with infinite space, kind of like a phone that's hooked up to the  cloud, that's really what this is.
  You can put anything you want in there except physical.
  If the cloud, you could put like stuff, your things in your apartment.
  It could be like a gizmo duck.
  Do you remember how gizmo duck would get his outfit on, his robot outfit?  No.
  I believe he would say blather in blather skythe.
  I believe that was his catchphrase.
  And then wherever, Jason's looking at me like I'm crazy.
  There's a reason this company is the biggest media company in the world with these home  runs.
  Much like later Iron Man suits, wherever the gizmo duck suit was, it would like come to  life and fly to, I forget, Quentin something was his name, was the character's name.
  Harry Poppins bag also has quite a bit of stuff in it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm just saying that maybe the Olympic rings are a similar thing where he could like summon  them wherever they were at any moment.
  Oh man, like he doesn't have to keep them in the hat.
  Yeah, he doesn't have to have them in the hat.
  He could have them at home and he summons them.
  Or like, yeah, like Iron Man summoning the Hulkbuster armor from a satellite.
  You gotta hope that, because those things could be sharp.
  Those become like, those are blades.
  If they're whipping around the earth to get to Sam the.
.
.
  They're sharp.
  They're sharp.
  Maybe.
  Or just the speed.
  It's like if you throw a quarter off a skyscraper.
  By the time it's to the destination, it's a weapon.
  I bet you could, or I bet he could change them to like, they could be sharp sometimes,  but I bet he could shrink them and they could be like brass knuckles.
  Oh, that's cool.
  Or like the Captain Planet rings don't like.
.
.
  Yeah.
  Those expand into something, or like powershoot out of them or something.
  Well, but their powers combined.
  Well, yeah, they each have their own power and then they combine.
  But they keep the ring on them, right?  Yeah, they keep the ring on.
  Yeah, it's similar to Green Lantern.
  Very similar.
  Now that I'm thinking about it, very similar to Green Lantern.
  Now this is great.
  I love that we're not talking about the attraction.
  This is Sam the 84.
  I knew that I loved him when I was a baby and I didn't know why and it was because years  later he would stall.
  He would save you.
  He would help us stall and not talk about the attraction for much longer.
  Yeah, well, look, I like the idea of the show.
  I mean, I'm dying to find some episodes of Sam Eagle in 80s anime.
  Or Eagle Sam maybe.
  Eagle Sam.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, let's see if we can do that and if we don't like the rest of this episode, we'll  just edit in an old episode of Eagle Sam for the rest of the time.
  So right now if you hear.
.
.
  We'll record us driving to Little Tokyo to see if we can come up with bootleg DVDs of  Eagle Sam.
  If we abandon the rest of the episode, right now you'll hear a fuzz and then it'll just  cut out and there'll be a.
.
.
  And there'll just be like, just Japanese dialogue for 28 minutes.
  Right.
  Burl Ive's, I think best known voice performance as the narrator in the Frosty the Snowman,  the rank and the best Frosty the Snowman.
  Rudolph in his reindeer, I believe, right?  Or is he also.
.
.
  Sorry, it's Rudolph.
  Yeah, you're right.
  You're right.
  He is a snowman in.
.
.
  He is a snowman in Rudolph.
  He's in the claymation one, not the cell painted one.
  Yes, and I love that special growing.
  I still think it's great.
  I think his performance in that is great.
  I am not wild about Eagle Sam, probably because of just how much he sings Yankee Doodle, man.
  I just think.
.
.
  You don't really like Yankee Doodle.
  And that's more, yeah, that's.
.
.
  And truly like that, I agree with you, but yeah, then that's just like, Yankee Doodle  is not a very good song.
  No, and you have to hear it again and again.
  Like, glory, glory, hallelujah, at least has some oomph to it or something.
  What is better, Yankee Doodle or the Boulevard of Broken Dreams?  I mean, let's examine the lyrics.
  Wait, I don't know though.
  Maybe, if I had to listen to one of them, Yankee Doodle is going to be over like that.
  Do, do, do, do, do, do, or I walk a lonely road.
  The only road that I have ever known.
  No, what should it say, Yankee Doodle?  Yankee Doodle.
  My shadow is the only one that walks beside me.
  My shallow hearts the only thing that's beating.
  Yes.
  Please stay away from, don't make me hear 21 Guns.
  21 Guns is on the other 21st Century Breakdown.
  Oh, phew, okay, okay.
  21 Guns is too, sounds too much like all the young, like bad version of all the young dudes to me.
  Oh, absolutely, it's another ripoff.
  These dicks.
  All the young, yeah.
  I was mad, I made fun of you for Time of Your Life, I think, one time.
  Yes.
  And I guess I'm making, apparently I really hate Green Day.
  Well, I was shocked because one time you told me you never even liked Dookie or anything when you were younger.
  No, that would have made sense to like.
  Yeah.
  And I wouldn't hate anybody for liking that.
  But like, I don't know, well, I'll look big in 94 just like my arch-nemesis Weezer.
  I guess these bands, I'm like, I don't let them for the one album.
  I don't cut them slack.
  Even Pinkerton.
  More albums from Weezer.
  Yeah, Pinkerton, yeah, Green Day.
  It's interesting, yeah, Green Day, I don't know.
  I've never heard anyone who hates Green Day.
  Weezer, I've certainly heard.
  Every one of these songs gets a rise out of me.
  You know what would be a good Patreon is just maybe even a video component of you listening to all nine minutes of Jesus of Suburbia.
  The whole, like it's like five parts.
  It's one song.
  It's one song.
  It's one song.
 It's nine minutes and it changes.
  It's like five different parts.
  It's like a suite.
  Dear God.
  And I would like to, and then you could pause in between each part.
  Each suite, yeah, we interview you.
  And we interview you on how you feel.
  We give you some like behind, hey, we watched the behind the music.
  The lyrics.
  On this one.
  And what do you think about this, Scott?  Does it make you like it a little more to find out they, actually they recorded that part and like that came to them.
  They wrote it in an hour, they recorded in an hour.
  That's pretty good.
  Oh, really?  I believe it.
  But then the other suite, it took like days and days to get that right.
  I'm the son of.
  Is this how I stand when I talk to people with a beach voice?  Hold on.
 I just want to give you a couple of lyrics here.
  I'm the son of rage and love.
  The Jesus of Suburbia.
  The Bible of none of the above.
  On a.
  Also is such like.
  I just went to college and I have some ideas about religion.
  On a steady diet of soda pop and Ritalin.
  Oh yeah.
  Because that's how we treat our kids in this country.
  We just say we just like amp up the energy and distract them from the real issues.
  The rot.
  We got it.
  We got it.
  We got to do this for a Patreon.
  We got to do it.
  I guess I is a real breakthrough.
  I guess I hate green.
  Two thousand core.
  Right.
  This is or this is just after two thousand core.
  Well, it's like two and four, I think.
  Yeah.
  So I don't think it's perfect in like late 90s, early 2000s, two thousand core.
  But I don't think we've given a nomenclature term yet to what came after.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  We're on terror core.
  Is it super fun?  We keep talking about another tier for our Patreon and maybe it's like a pain tier because I've said I'll release a solo, an album I made when I was like 20 and maybe the other.
  Yeah.
  The other episodes are I forced you to listen like Weezer's songs during day songs.
  This would be a pain tier for the listeners as well.
  Maybe.
  Maybe it'd be tears from them.
  They'd be crying like five.
  How could we punish Jason though?  Oh, I just have to read the tweets that come in where someone just says, I actually like that, which happens for you.
  It's like, yeah, guys, you can like it.
  It's fine.
  We don't care.
  We like you.
  You hate that as much as I hate these songs.
  No, no, no, not to that extent.
  No, no, no.
  I'm just going to be a little Jason.
  Jason, I will say is the most bothered by like negative stuff.
  Yeah, mildly.
  Even mildly negative, I think.
  Yeah, I just I sometimes I worry I provoke provoke the same reactions of like, no, I love this thing.
  I'm just goofing on it because it's a little silly.
  I love silly stuff.
  And it's like, no, this one, this sucks.
  No, the America sings like kind of socks.
  Jason tortured here, making me to banana in the morning.
  Oh, wow.
  I've been a little better on that recently.
  If I found if I eat something before the banana, I'm OK.
  You still have to prime the pump.
  I need to prime the pump because I know I need the fiber and the potassium.
  Once again, my baby son can have a banana in the morning with no ish.
  Well, he's got you know, he's just a ball.
  He's like a brand new car.
  You just drove it off the lot.
  And I'm like at best at best certain car makes it.
  Yes, sir.
  Car Max certified pre-owned where where it's like, oh, it shouldn't go wrong, but you never know.
  Real quick before we get back to America sings.
  I wonder how are we done?  I read the graffiti in the bathroom stall like the holy scriptures of a shopping mall.
  Where did you find that random live journal full of poetry from 1999?  I want to make it clear.
  I do like this song, but I do think it's funny.
  I have I have another I have one more thing that if we just fill up 90 minutes, can we not talk about the show?  Does that count?  I think it's interesting.
  Would anyone be I mean, we floated the idea of like what nobody's watched.
  This is related though.
  I can sum up like chunks of the show pretty well.
  If you have another you know, if you have a non unrelated America sings, I do have a couple things I'd like to discuss.
  It's not unrelated because it's a it's a burl Ives thing.
  I think it's very related to issues that we that we discuss because I was curious.
  More stuff about burl Ives.
  I know the Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.
  But what else was this guy?  And he's described as an itinerant singer for a long time.
  A folk singer like kind of keeping keeping old songs alive.
  It's why it makes sense for him to be the narrator of this show.
  And I discovered that as he traveled the US in the early 30s playing his banjo, he was jailed in Mona, Utah for vagrancy and for singing.
  Foggy do an English folk song, which the authorities decided was a body song.
  Wow.
 Really?  The official phrase I found every anywhere I googled burl Ives foggy do incident.
  If you go to the Wikipedia for Mona, Utah, this is a town that has nothing else to say for itself other than that they jailed burl Ives in the 30s.
  Because it's like a dirty song.
  A body song.
 Seeing the word body in the wild was something to me.
  Now let me so all right.
  The song is about because I was trying to then decipher what was up with foggy do.
  What was so this is it required a jailing.
  Someone had to be arrested.
  Right.
  They didn't even write the song.
  They were singing foggy do with their banjo on the street corner.
  And so the song is about the outcome of an affair between a weaver and a girl he courted.
  It has one of the lines in it is and many a time I rolled my love all over the foggy do something weird about it.
  But also I can't like all over.
  I can't I don't know.
  I mean, I guess you could sort of sexualize that.
  But it seems like a stretch.
  So I'm like, well, that can't be it.
  And then I discovered that in the 60s, Burl Ives appeared on the Ed Sullivan show and he wanted to perform foggy do despite his arrest for this very song 30 years prior.
  And they said, sure.
  But they made him change a line, much like famously the Rolling Stones and the doors had to do these silly line changes to be on Ed Sullivan.
  Right.
  And I have no idea.
  The third in the offensive song trifecta was Burl Ives and foggy do.
  And I'm now going to read you the verse of the that contains the lyric that had to be changed and see if you I want you guys to see if you can guess what is the what was the line that was a problem.
  Okay, go ahead.
  Again, I am a bachelor.
  I live with my son.
  We work at the weaver's trade.
  And every single time that I look into his eyes, he reminds me of that fair young maid.
  It's the last one.
  It's got to be.
  I look into his eyes and remind me of the fair young.
  Because he had an affair.
  Like he didn't was it married to the woman.
  That's the source of the problem.
  Right.
  Yes, you got it.
  I didn't get it while reading.
  It's a very good.
  But that but you don't have the line.
  You don't have the line that had to be changed.
  Okay.
  Yeah, I don't hear.
  Oh, you reminds me of like the different body part of the woman.
  No, no.
  The bust of the woman.
  No, no, no.
  I was reading that.
  I was reading the original.
  Oh, that was not the kind of.
  Okay, God, that could not be on television.
  All right.
  The line is again.
  I am a bachelor.
  I live with my son.
  This had to be changed on television to again.
  I am a widower.
  I live with my son.
  Oh, the idea that you would have a daughter.
  That you would have a child out of wedlock could not be broadcast on television in the  1960s.
  Well, there was no there was no scenario where they were like, yeah, that could be that could  be a guess.
  Yeah, that goes by so fast.
  Like, what's the problem?  I think it's that he he might be back on the scene after the death of his wife and he lives  with his son.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's just just saying I'm a bachelor.
  I think it sounds like they wanted a clarification.
  Yeah, I think clarification clarification because that like you live with your son and  not your son and wife because the wife is dead.
  But I'm not sure within the world of the song if the wife is dead.
  I think I think she might be alive.
  I think they I think Ed Sullivan killed the wife for narrative purposes.
  They would rather have the wife be dead than alive and divorced.
  Yes, it made everyone feel much better about this like this carouser.
  Great.
  Good.
  You could play a burl.
  You could play your show on TV.
  What was happening in this?  You think of the 60s is like when things started getting wild and that makes zero sense.
  What a square time.
  That actually ties in almost one to one with the song in America Sings called A Bird in  a Gilded Cage where it says that one of the songwriter was asked to clarify, change some  of the words in the song to make it clear the woman in the song is married and not a  mistress.
  This is this is again a great tie together to America Sings as an example of like man  people in the past sure were stupid and insane.
  Not to look at everything through a 2021 lens, but the past so many nothing but funny  days like it's the exact it was like the same reaction to like like a Cardi B song.
  It's the exact like it was the exact same like oh my God, we can never show this to  people and on Cardi B stuff is on TV now.
  We're not the only guy her room thing is like Ted Cruz.
  He's kind of like fake doing it.
  Yeah.
  Like now is this was a it was like the whole world was a bunch of Ted Cruz's and I mean  like attractiveness wise too.
  It's yeah, it's the Republican kayfabe.
  It's the like fake outrage stuff.
  Yeah.
  Whether it is like trying to get somebody mad but like Ted Cruz doesn't give a shit about  most of what he says.
  Megan McCain will miss you so much on the view.
  Your different perspective is what brought the fire to the show.
  Disney owns both Star Wars and Marvel and a daily show where some of the dumbest people  in the country sit around a table and have conversations about things they couldn't possibly  have in the most case any knowledge about.
  I think they should put I was going to say put Sam Eagle in this chair.
  I guess he's not a female though.
  I was going to say Scott is to Green Day as Jason is to the view.
  Jason hates the view.
  We both discovered some.
  I mean I like Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar to some extent and it's just but even they  have some really cockamamie takes sometimes.
  They at least had like a talent they displayed at one point.
  I guess we know them from their work and other media.
  What is Megan McCain?  Yeah.
  She is her father's daughter.
  Do you know who her father is?  She would have been mad that America Sings got taken out if she was on the air during  this time I think.
  That would have been all.
  Can you imagine the conservative news cycle if the cable news had existed when America  Sings got taken out?  I don't think we've said yet.
  America Sings stuck around until 1988.
  Sure.
  But still.
  Fourteen years.
  Yeah that's true.
  That is a long time.
  We've inadvertently done a series of rides recently where one of the takeaways is like  that was there for what?  How long?  Can I ask a logistic question about Sam Eagle as a character?  Yeah.
  This one.
  America Sings one.
  Not America.
  America Sings one.
  Not the Olympic ring slinger from Japan.
  Or the Muppet.
  Or the Muppet.
  Does Sam Eagle have a tattoo on his chest?  He has like a you know what I'm talking about?  He has like he wears okay he wears like a top hat that's very like stars and stripes  but then he also has like an emblem.
  I think that's a girdle.
  I think that's a peritreotic girdle.
  I gotta perform.
  I got stuck in the gut.
  Or did he shave his feathers off on his belly and tattoo a big like American flag shield?  Or dye some of the feathers or like have colored feathers stitched in.
  Like change them out.
  Put red and blue ones in.
  I feel like 74 isn't that far removed from like you have a tattoo.
  What are you a sailor?  Was Sam?  He got it in the wars.
  He got it on like a fleet week.
  On the Navy.
  He got a full.
  Yeah it's a stick.
  He got a full like belly tattoo.
  Because it's so weird.
  Are you looking at a picture of it?  It looks so strange if it's not a piece of clothing.
  I'm not currently looking at a picture of Sam Eagle no.
  Maybe Google it.
  I mean it just it looks so strange to me and I really can't tell what they were going for  other than to make him like yeah like he's like not even like it's a it's an abstraction of a character even.
  He's holding like an arrow as well.
  And you know the arrow is very funny.
  Which at the end of the attraction he is holding outside of the capital.
  Yeah that's true.
  Do you imagine he's also got zip ties in his back pocket?  Yeah Sam Eagle for sure.
  I mean he's up to something.
  Yankee Doodle Danny says I don't understand all these objections to the recount Arizona.
  I'm putting this arrow right through Mike Pence's head.
  That traitor.
  He's no Yankee Doodle.
  I'll tell you that.
  Ollie Al you haven't spoken enough support.
  You're dead to us.
  Stabs him with the arrow.
  I feel like there's a reason they didn't put Sam Eagle into Splash Mountain.
  They knew something.
  They knew something.
  They're like no no no.
  Sam Eagle's too much.
  No well no those the animals at that point were like he is a carpet bag and he shan't be coming.
  So yeah I don't know I cannot find any literature on the idea of what that was on his chest belly.
  Let's okay let's how little can we talk about the show.
  So it is a bit a big review of as we've said a bunch of sort of what now feel like public domain songs but they are like a lot of them are like traditional American songs and also as we said Yankee Doodle is the it's the rap around music.
  That's why it's in it so much.
  If you've ever seen the Carousel of Progress you know that the song is used as the loop.
  You leave one room and you enter the next room and they're singing Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow.
  It's a theater in the round so the same song has to play to seamlessly take you from one room to the next.
  And in this they use Yankee Doodle as that.
  It's really all on the back of Yankee Doodle and they not only that but it is like so breathless about Yankee Doodle not only do they sing it a bunch of times and then in different styles.
  Then you've got that weird part at the end where it sums it up like Yankee Doodle told us once that songs will build our future.
  And that sucks so much.
  That might be one of the worst touches that arrive at a track.
  I'm like fuck off.
  Like fuck you man.
  Do I still have this in front of me?  The past is just a start.
  Tomorrow will bring songs to you that come straight from the heart.
  Another thing he had to say.
  What he didn't know he didn't know.
  The A team is working on Epcot at this point.
  American Adventure is like the seventh samurai.
  Kurosawa's seventh samurai compared to this.
  That's right.
  Like American Adventure is like much more watchable I feel like than this.
  Oh yeah.
  I think one of the things that's interesting about America's Adventure is that there's an absurdity to it and there's also a consistency to it which is missing from this.
  These snippets of songs are so short.
  And like just the first, okay right out the gate you're singing Dixie.
  You're singing I wish I weren't Dixie.
  Come on man in 1974 you knew that sucked.
  And then Lil Liza Jane is a very, that seems to have a very murky history of like slaves had been heard singing a similar song.
  And then but then also you bookend that with Camp Town Races which has a very checkered like history.
  You don't know the history of all of them do you?  I don't want to know them.
  No I do know the history of all of them unfortunately.
  But I'm not going to do all of them.
  But it's just like I don't expect Disney to be like the people's history of the United States.
  But it's like you're stripping any context or history from it when you're just putting everything next to each other like that.
  You Google any song that like you sang in preschool and you're like oh my god it's from where?  What the fuck? Like horrified.
  But it's like on top of just what you're saying of like if you look at history for anything you're like oh Jesus.
  But on top of that you're like these songs aren't even like who wanted to hear this in the 70s?  Like it's just not it's like the country bears is like stuff that the songs like were funny or weird or whatever.
  But like I don't know it's just like I guess you're right in the sense that like putting all this stuff together isn't even like an enjoyable show even if you were to like take out any of the context for it.
  Right.
  Like some of these songs are like 100 years removed by the time you're at 1974 let alone looking at them nowadays.
  And yeah a lot of it gets stripped away for like schoolyard or chorus children's courses singing stuff with no offense intended.
  But it it is like when you go back it's like oh ring around the rosy is about the plague.
  There is yeah there is a lot of stuff like that.
  It is it is all it got to a comical point as I was going through the show.
  I think this to give it some credit acts three and four start to get start to get better.
  But like I mean there's some nice at that point it's too late.
  It's a little late.
  The down by the riverside I think is a cool set of cases.
  I want is a good like song.
  There's a pig that's like a showgirl and I like that character.
  I was exactly thinking that I don't think I always don't like when animals are showgirls.
  Another pet peeve of Scott's animals are showgirls.
  I think yeah I think so.
  And I think yeah anytime we've come across which in theme park world you do you come across this all.
  There are every theme park if it's been around for over 40 years has like a handful of female characters that are animals that were dressed as showgirls.
  Showgirls that has removed the context of the sex work that would often go along with that position.
  This is really Debbie Downer today.
  Yeah.
  I want you to know that that pig was also doing sex work on the side gentlemen.
  I'm adding a little bit of the Nashville the 1970s Nashville Robert Altman.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  It was a good time Jason but that pig that pig would also turn tricks for you.
  So yeah I know that that's right.
  Yes.
  No I don't like big when yeah animals like big feathers and they're in cancan lines and I don't like animal Mae West.
  Why is there so much of this.
  Would you be comfortable with animal prostitutes.
  The same way you don't like that.
  Not because they're not very aware.
  What's that.
  Because they're everywhere.
  I would personally say no but I wouldn't frown.
  No no we are pro animal sex work.
  OK.
  Well let me let me say this.
  One thing I was thinking about was the characters who I enjoy seeing in Splash Mountain.
  What did they do in this because it's a whole like we now you just pass by him on the log ride and you're kind of missing the context.
  What was their thing before.
  And I was especially looking forward to what do what were the sad characters doing because that's the funniest turn in Splash Mountain is when things things get dark.
  And it's always such a surprise you're cruising along and then like oh and I was like OK so it's a possum and it's bunnies.
  And the answer is pretty funny with both of them.
  The mother possum has a ton of baby possums.
  We know that for Splash Mountain and then you see them in this and she's singing the song I wish I was a single girl again.
  Yes.
  And that's that's definitely the sequel to the guys that turn me on turn me down.
  I feel like that's the sort of a similar joke.
  Sure.
  It's in the same lane of like but not as good not nearly as good.
  Not as good but I like I like knowing that like OK so her character context is she hates the children.
  Yes she's mad at having children.
  Yeah that's the joke.
  Get rid of the kids.
  And then the other one the sad rabbits.
  Yes.
  The rabbits do.
  Like what could this have been.
  And you know like all right I don't think they changed it from a happy face to a sad face.
  They must have been sad and America sings too.
  And in that case it is Ma Rabbit with a bunch of kids and there she's upset because she doesn't know where her husband is but is pretty sure he's at the bar.
  Like she's wailing about her drunk dad multiple drunks in this.
  That's another like we're talking about this being just unpleasant and it's unpleasant on 10 different levels.
  Good old songs of America and then like where's my husband.
  Yeah like every context it's almost every except for just like looking at a picture of the characters.
  Every other every other piece.
  Yes in the history of everything.
  I think it's why we thought we should do this.
  Yes because we like I know that.
  Oh and then they moved to Splash Mountain that'll be fun to talk about and one of them is a Goose It Star Tour.
  We'll talk about that and I've seen pictures.
  I know that this show is a blast.
  And you watch a video.
  No it's not a blast.
  It's not a bummer.
  Too late.
  It is like they got like some message like everything like Country Bears is like they're like very jokey about everything and I'm like it's like awesome gallows humor.
  Yes.
  Oh but that's OK.
  Next on to the next one.
  This is like this rabbit looks like she's been depressed for 30 years.
  I know all rabbits can live till.
  On Laudanum and Opium.
  Yes she is.
  Every sort of old timey Coca Cola.
  The doctors.
  Like the crazy Coca Cola.
  The doctor's out of options and they're going to consider a lobotomy because she's so sad.
  This is a song about the good humor the humors and you're you've got too much black bile not enough yellow bile.
  It is really like grasp.
  You're just we're just grasping for something and then you're like yeah there's those two sad characters from Splash Mountain.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  They're still sad.
  Still sad.
  Yes.
  It would be funny if they like had a smile on this and then they curve the smile down.
  Sorry robot you're sad forever.
  Unfortunately the story behind that is when they curved it you could hear the breaking of the robot bones.
  Well of course the robots have.
  And they said it sounded like screaming.
  Yeah the robots have feelings you know that.
  Yeah they have they can feel pain.
  In a lot of ways that the robots that made it out the with the easiest assignment were the geese that were stripped and put into star tours.
  Got an early retirement.
  They got out of there early they didn't get put in friggin Splash Mountain.
  Oh yeah yeah.
  They're out of luck with that anymore.
  Oh wait wait a minute.
  But one of the.
  But in Star Wars there were a lot of.
  No no.
  In the Star Tours one there's a nod.
  I saw someone point this out that Star Tours.
  The goose that became a robot in the queue for Star Tours is singing I've Been Working on the Same Droid to the tune of I've Been Working on the Railroad which does appear in this show.
  In America.
  So it's a little nod.
  I'm just saying you know you didn't get put in another problematic ride.
  You get in Star Wars a big famous thing.
  They must have been like oh shit.
  That's a big upgrade.
  We dodged a friggin bullet here.
  Leave all this good and some of these geese are drunk you want to get away from them.
  Yeah and it's a sad ass show and Star Tours is like fun and like there's adventures.
  Those geese got lucky man.
  That is funny that they just that's how unpopular this thing was at a point that like.
  Yeah just get rid of it.
  Nobody will know it like put this four geese at the beginning.
  Just get rid of them.
  Start tours is happening.
  Get it over there.
  Skin it.
  Skin it.
  Put a pair of binoculars on its head.
  Rip its skin off.
  You got yourself a Johnny Five.
  And you got a promotion for being resourceful.
  I've got a fun anecdote.
  Oh go ahead.
  Is it?  I'm scared.
  A song I Singing in the Rain appears in this.
  I knew you were going to say that.
  Singing in the Rain appears in this.
  And I'm sure I've probably I must have talked about this on this show.
  I was so delighted to learn like a decade or so ago that Singing in the Rain did not  first appear in the Gene Kelly's Singing in the Rain.
  Singing in the Rain appeared in a stage show called the oh what is it called the Hollywood  Music Box Review and a movie called the Hollywood Review of 1929.
  The Gene Kelly's Singing in the Rain film is what we nowadays refer to as a jukebox  musical.
  And most of those songs with I think the exception of Make'em Laugh and Moses Supposes appeared  in earlier MGM musicals of the 20s and 30s.
  So it essentially like Singing in the Rain is essentially like the Moulin Rouge of its  time.
  Oh yeah sure.
  I am delighted by that fact.
  It's on the AFI 100.
  It is on the AFI well deservedly so.
  It is fun.
  It is a fun movie.
  Boy America Sings makes Singing in the Rain look like Singing in the Rain.
  It looks like the Hollywood Review of 1929.
  Yeah.
  That's fun.
  Can I say who my favorite character name is in the show?  Do you guys know what I'm talking about?  Who am I going to say?  Well there's only like a handful of characters that they bothered to give a name to.
  There's also a good point.
  All the country bears seem to have names and then they were like yeah we'll name three  of the characters.
  No time man.
  There's so many.
  Saddlesaur Swanson.
  Saddlesaur Swanson.
  Yeah.
  And what does he do again?  I don't know.
  He's got a guitar.
  That's a good name.
  I'm not even saying I like the character.
  I'm just saying I like the name.
  Yeah.
  That's a fun name.
  It's got some personality to it.
  Well and I like you know when you see when you go on Splash Mountain again now you can  point out some of these character names.
  You can say that's don't just say oh look at those funny gators in the hats who play  instruments.
  Those are the Swamp Boys.
  And the vultures are not just vultures.
  The vultures are not just vultures who are surmising your doom.
  They're the Boothill Boys.
  So be sure to turn to whoever you're in the log with and tell them those facts.
  Especially if the other person in the log is a 12 year old boy who saw you slowly taking  off your socks before the attraction began.
  Then be sure to turn around and say these are the Boothill Boys.
  Yeah.
  I have not done that.
  I have not done that although it seems like it's something I would do.
  Then the giant Irish dog who works for Disney security will beat you with a shillelagh.
  Will any of these characters survive the transformation of Splash Mountain?  I've had this question and I like because you do got to populate that.
  Like it's a very long ride.
  Do we think that they resemble Princess and the Frog enough?  They don't like fight it style wise.
  Right.
  Is there room in a Princess and the Frog ride for a clinically depressed rabbit?  I'd like to think there is.
  A stressed out mother possum.
  Yeah.
  Regretting her choice to have children.
  Yes.
  I'd like to think there is but it is a question I've had because there's so many robots here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Will the showgirls remain?  I don't know.
  I mean other option is just like promote them all as that one goose was long ago and just make them,  strip them all for parts and make them all droids.
  So now the Star Tours line is 115 droids all clanking around.
  There's barely room for tourists to be in line.
  I'd love to put them in Galaxy's Edge.
  Walk, they're walking around.
  Walking around, yeah.
  Those cat walks just like constant droid walk cycles.
  So much noise.
  You never aren't seeing droids up there.
  Wow.
  They sure do sing Lida Rose a lot here on Batuu.
  Well, there's no way to change the programming for some of them.
  They have to still sing some classic songs from the American song book.
  I mean Home on the Range applies to those ranges in Tatooine.
  Yeah.
  And yeah, you can change some of that.
  Maybe reprogram them for the lyrics.
  Trist, twist in Batuu essay.
  That's a weird.
.
.
  Okay, so you've got kind of these eras of old bad music  that remind you that there was no good song in America until maybe the 40s.
  Yes.
  Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy comes along and everyone loses their damn minds.
  Yeah, we're cooking.
  But now you end up, yeah, so you end up in the section that is called Modern Times.
  And quickly in the Modern Times section, you have like some animals  and old college sweaters and pennants singing a tisket of Tasket.
  And that's what you could see that represents Modern Times in 1988.
  1988.
  Michael Jackson is out.
  Like, imagine what was.
.
.
  George Michael is topping the charts, but you get to hear old gray mare  just being what she used to be.
  Yeah, it wasn't 100 years ago where this ride was.
  No.
  It was existing.
  And old gray mare is one of the bops.
  That's the one that everyone's like, okay, we don't have to worry about this one.
  I'm not kidding that in my notes, I have in my notes,  Jason's going to say one of these songs is a bop.
  But I guessed wrong.
  I guessed Ra Ra Boom D.
A.
  No, two problematic.
.
.
  No, I didn't know that.
  I wasn't saying you were going to like a problematic bop.
  I always thought that song was nonsense.
  I was like, where does the Ra Ra.
.
.
  God damn.
  You did have an opinion about Ra Ra Boom D.
A.
 in your past.
  I just never thought.
.
.
  It just sounded like gibberish.
  A Tisket of Tasket.
  I just knew.
.
.
  I didn't know what the context of that song was,  but I knew a tisket, a tasket,  anyone who talking this or that, Chris Kirkpatrick,  you could get your ass kicked from the Eminem song,  without me.
  You're saying that's how you.
.
.
  Chris Kirkpatrick can get your ass kicked.
  He says a tisket, a tasket, and I never knew what that meant.
  You didn't know that was from a song.
  I didn't know that was like an old time, or like an old song or something.
  Eminem loves the classics.
  Sure.
  He loves the old time.
  He loved America Sings.
  His mom would take him to watch that.
  He'd clap along, the Yankee dude.
  That's the only thing he liked about his childhood, he would say.
  There's a song where.
.
.
  It's a real positive song that he wrote about America Sings.
  The biggest influence, I have to say, Saddlesaur Swanson.
  He has done a posthumous track with Saddlesaur Swanson as well,  where it's kind of in a dream-like image of him.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  Rare outtakes.
  They've sampled him, like they've sampled Saddlesaur.
  He worked with the Saddlesaur estate.
  Yeah.
  Sorry, I got it wrong.
  It's a tisket, a tasket.
  I go tit for tat with anyone who's talking shit and that shit.
  Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked.
  I mushmouthed it a little.
  He was there at the time not talking any shit about Green Day,  and I'm mad that he was.
  Of all the people to be targeting, he didn't come through for me back in the day.
  Yeah.
  No.
  Oh, I mean, maybe he still.
.
.
  Green Day still, they're kicking, so maybe.
.
.
  Next time they come back, yeah.
  I would like to sort of brainstorm an entire Green Day version of America Sings.
  Starting back to Dookie, and then even going back before that.
  So every room that you turn to is a different.
.
.
  Yeah, the first one would be Kerr Plunk, which was the album before Dookie,  and then there's two EPs, Smoothed Out, Slappy Hour, and I forget the other one.
  How is this what's bothering me the most in this episode?  There's some good songs on Kerr Plunk.
  It's a very low-fi.
  It's a much more low-fi one, but there's some good songs,  and that would be the first room.
  Dookie would be the Act Two.
  But it's still Sam Eagle taking you through that.
  It's Sam Eagle, but he is.
.
.
  The other character is the Jesus of Suburbia.
  Character from.
.
.
  But he tells the story like,  Billy Joe, he played a song strumming on his guitar.
  George Bush lied and people died in the middle of hell.
  And then Nimrod and Insomniac, Room Three,  and then Act Four is Modern Times with, of course, the triple album.
  You don't think you should expand this out to hit the other mall punk,  or the mall rock of its day, like No Doubt or Bush or something?  Absolutely not.
  Okay.
  Only Green Day.
  Green Day sings.
  I'm useless then.
  In that case, I'm useless if you're just taking the Green Day and Scott's mad.
  You might be on your own with this one, brother.
  Uno Dos Tres, the triple album they released.
  Jesus fucking Christ.
  Uno Dos Tres, because Tres Cool is the name of the drummer.
  You just want to expunge this shit from your brain.
  You want to just vomit these awful phrases out,  not have to have them in your head anymore?  If you've been vomiting a good way, yes,  because I love saying these things.
  It's like when you're stretching for the first time after a flight or something.
  I haven't been able to say Uno Dos Tres for a long time,  and now getting to say it really feels like,  ah, that feels good, stretching my arms here,  after a long multi-year flight of not being able to talk about Green Day albums.
  That's like you just stretched your arms out real wide  and smacked another passenger in the face.
  That's what happened to me.
  In your instance, I smacked you in another,  maybe there's a person on my right that I was more of a massage,  like I was rubbing their back, and they liked it.
  They like what's coming out here.
  I'll come up with a foolproof set list for Billy Joe Sings,  or whatever we're calling it.
  4X.
  Well, share it with Lindsay.
  See how long she stays in the room.
  Whisper it into a seashell and throw it in the Pacific.
  You may as well have just said, go soak your head, Fresh Boy.
  I'll write it up.
  The audience is going to want to see what I would do thematically,  like what makes sense.
  Sketches.
  You sure?  Well, I didn't say I was going to sketch Billy Joe.
  Overheads.
  So then.
  The Jesus of suburbia.
  Well, now we're back on, if we get to write the spoken word,  we get to write the skits.
  What would burl Ives say about Green Day?  Burl.
  If Burl Ives was singing Nice Guys Finish Last.
  I cannot emphasize that the framing device is just not helping in this.
  The Yankee Doodle framing device.
  No.
  I don't.
  How many times do you want to hear that song?  Can I say real quick?  I think there's many different ways.
  Because I was always confused about the reference of macaroni in Yankee Doodle.
  Yankee Doodle went to town riding on a pony, stuck a feather in his cap and called it macaroni.
  We sang this as children.
  No idea what it meant.
  This article says, when Yankee Doodle became popular tune in the late 18th century to call someone a macaroni was to connect them to a satirical type.
  Typically a male overly concerned with continental fashions and foreign art.
  Which I guess maybe it's like homophobic, but also like foreign art.
  Like, I don't know, like, ah, high snooty high society man who likes fashion and art.
  Like, I guess.
  So like, is that?  There you go.
  It's like a big wig, like powdered wit.
  Kind of like.
  Yeah, I guess.
  So they were like, oh, you're a fancy boy, eh, Yankee Doodle?  Like.
  Yeah.
  Yankee Doodle is just essentially David Letterman's dialogue from Cabin Boy.
  Do you want to buy a monkey?  Isn't that the dialogue?  He can do it.
  He says like, oh, you're some sort of fancy boy.
  Oh, right.
  Yes.
  Yeah, there's more.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sorry.
  I don't remember.
  Cabin Boy.
  I that's weird.
  Wait, so the guy is you're a macaroni if you wear that stuff.
  Yeah.
  The article is also confusing because it's like it might not be that.
  But like I had no one.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I think it's like that was like that was either a light diss or some sort of a  diss.
  It's like when regular people are like, Obama's wearing a tan suit and I'm mad.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  There's the same outrage of like this man likes art.
  This man knows knowledgeable about art.
  I mean, I'm certainly feeling some heat right now for being so knowledgeable about Billy  Joe Armstrong's art.
  I'm certainly like this is some macaroni.
  A little bit.
  Yeah.
  I kind of feel like, you know, I'm kind of more of like a worldly culture guy when it  comes to some one of the great artists of the 21st century, 21st century breakdown.
  When it's in.
  Yeah.
  I'm feeling.
  Wait a minute.
  The good stuff's in the 20th century.
  Don't tell me is 21st century output.
  There's a new he has a new song that samples that Joan Jett song that was written by Gary  Glitter, which is a good song.
  But problematic.
  Jason.
  I can dislike it on moral grounds.
  Now for more about Gary Glitter.
  Gary Glitter, I believe, though, doesn't make any money off his songs anymore.
  So I don't think he got paid from either an article shows when Joker came out, everyone  was like Gary Gooder is getting a lot of money for the iconic stair dancing scene.
  But I believe he's not.
  I don't want Gary Glitter to get money from it, obviously.
  But if that was off the table, the animatronic show I would like to see now is an animatronic  dancing down stairs.
  If they did that somewhere, forget about Spider-Man.
  Flipping through the air.
  If there was a set of stairs on a DC campus and Joker could do the dance.
  Six Flags, come on.
  Yeah.
  Get on this.
  This is such a great idea because they're so advanced.
  And I'm trying to say like Olaf can walk now and you know, but we can get yeah, we can  get a dancing Joaquin Phoenix Joker down the stairs at a Six Flags.
  And then cops chase him away.
  And then the looper.
  And then cops chase him away.
  And then the loop starts again.
  And you never know when it's going to happen.
  It's going to happen 20 times a day.
  And it's a good show.
  At the very least until the technology is perfected.
  Just get one of the Valencia teens to dress up and do it.
  Why not?  Like why not?  Like a bunch of them.
  Joker.
  Every employee at a Six Flags should be dressed like the Joker.
  Jesus is the Joker like the fight club for this generation of like high school kids?  Oh, for sure.
  You think so?  And he's like the boom docks.
  Bigger because more people saw it now.
  That's true.
  Fight Club was one of the breakout like DVD like cold hits.
  If you're a younger person, let's ask, do you love the Joker like the movie, the movie  specifically or the character, the movie, the movie, the new Phillips Joker?  Yeah.
  OK.
  There's a lot of iterations of the Joker that I think are of course more interesting  or more fun.
  Like Jared Leto Joker.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, that's just cool.
  I mean, Skrillex, we all know and love Skrillex.
  He's still around.
  He's still top of the charts.
  Yeah.
  You know.
  But yeah, I look, I want to see.
  I want to see the you guys didn't watch the end of the Zack Snyder Justice League, but  they tease a future post apocalyptic movie where Jared Leto teams up with Batman.
  Oh, right.
  Spoiler alert.
  Teams up.
  We live in this is that where though we live in a society that not in the movie.
  That was just a clip for that was an outtake drive everyone and say, yeah, Jared Leto improvised  that that sucks on the day and they put in the trailer.
  But is that line is not in the actual movie still things that were shot that aren't in  the Snyder cut.
  Yeah.
  So there are there are.
  He tried to shoot a scene with a green lantern and the WB wouldn't let him put it in.
  So there's still more.
  There could be yet another Snyder cut.
  Yeah.
  You're talking about the Snyder verse and the air is cut of Suicide Squad.
  But they are talking about that.
  Of course, there is the one cut we want the Schumacher cut of Batman.
  Well, that I think that's the real commercial.
  Yes, please.
  I mean, I like to see the Schumacher cut of Justice League.
  Just take the same footage and put a bunch of like trombones in it.
  And when you two and see all the let's Schumacher fi all the sound effects.
  Bonk, boink, pooh.
  Yes, I completely agree with that.
  That is a good idea.
  It is a good idea.
  I think away.
  One thing we I don't think we've touched on yet is that the like big finale song of  America sings is old langsine.
  That's really weird.
  That's weird too.
  That's like America now sing to America.
  That is weird.
  TGI McScratchy's every show.
  Almost is equally weird.
  Slightly before it, they do Joy to the World.
  Not the Christmas Carol, the Joy to the World.
  The Three Dog Night.
  The Three Dog Night song, which is from an album from 1970.
  So closer, closer.
  Like by Disney standards might as well be topical in this ride.
  Like that's pretty current.
  Some of the closest they've ever come, maybe.
  Yeah.
  Being right on.
  I think kind of like a universally beloved.
  Like correct.
  That makes sense to me in here.
  Sure.
  It's the rest of the show.
  Maybe.
  I was thinking if I was somewhere and I saw a band go, all right, here we go.
  Jeremiah was a bull.
  I would turn in the opposite direction of that band.
  But you're like begging for it at that point in America Sakes.
  I think.
  Oh, yeah, absolutely.
  It's like the best song.
  What is the best song in the show?  Is it this?  Is it Hound Dog?  Maybe it's Hound Dog?  It might be Hound Dog.
  Shake.
  Do you like Shake, Rattle and Roll?  Maybe it's Shake, Rattle and Roll.
  It might be Shake, Rattle and Roll.
  I just saw that at the end of Clue they played that song.
  I think it's Shake, Rattle and Roll.
  I think it's Shake, Rattle and Roll.
  Hound Dog is fine.
  I've never been a big Elvis guy.
  Never been an Elvis guy.
  Like sometimes I listen to it and I go, oh yeah, he does have a nice voice.
  But Elvis never grabbed me.
  I get it.
  I get it.
  But I was never way into him.
  There's a lot of wonderful covers of Down by the Riverside.
  I do think that's a great song.
  Okay, all right.
  I like that you do get into the rock era in modern times.
  I don't know what site I copied this from, but I just like the dry description that you see a rock band  consisting of a hippie stork with dreadlocks, love beads and granny glasses,  a porcupine on drums and a rooster with his crest teased into a freight wig.
  And that's what they think rock music is.
  It's similar to like, am I remembering correctly that those vultures in Jungle Book look Beatles-y,  but then they didn't do a Beatles-y song.
  They did a barbershop song.
  But they're like, all right, so we're representing the Beatles hair.
  We're representing the shaggy hair in a year by which they had stopped doing that hair.
  That is one and the same with that.
  Disney thinks, yeah, shaggy hippies, hippie dweebs, they're always rail thin.
  It is like, why aren't the Chuck E.
 Cheese and the Peach Boys,  why aren't the Peach Boys in this or why aren't the Beatles, why isn't there?  Yeah, I was thinking of it because Chuck E.
 Cheese has a lot of old songs in it too,  but it's fun and a little sillier.
  It's sillier and this just, I don't know, despite the comical, like whimsical animals,  it feels like it takes itself so seriously.
  That is probably what, I mean, obviously a bunch of older guys of this era probably were like,  we must do justice through song for the bicentennial.
  And they probably, yes, they probably, they were like, this show is not,  this show with a showgirl pig is not a joke.
  This is nothing to be, we'll have a few mild laughs,  but in general, no, the show with an eagle and a top hat needs to be serious.
  And the only attempt at humor, we haven't said this,  really the only joke throughout is that early on we hear Pop Goes the Weasel  and a little weasel pops out and says, Pop Goes the Weasel.
  Again and again.
  And then this happens at every single scene.
  You're at his, the next scene happens, he keeps, you don't know where he's going to show up,  and they put all their jokes in that basket.
  The one not changing joke over and over again.
  Look, if you're that weasel, if I come across you on the street, I am drop kicking.
  The weasel is bad.
  The weasel is really bad.
  The bit is not good.
  It's up there with the Yankee Doodle finale of like worst elements of this ride.
  I mean, I think, I wish they had kept adding stuff throughout,  like, because you can reprogram Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Of course.
  They could have added new songs.
  People in gas stations who are doing it still.
  They should have as the 70s gone on.
  After Nashville, Robert Allman's Nashville came out,  they should have put in the It Don't Worry Me song that they're constantly singing.
  That very melancholy is played over the end of the chaos of that movie.
  I don't know if they were willing to be that subversive.
  Well, that's my punch up.
  That's what I would think.
  I would, yeah, my, well, I already said my punch up, which is perfect.
  It's Billy Joe.
  Send the right into the future.
  Send the show into the future.
  You're going to go work on the you're going to work on the punch up.
  Yeah.
  Make your plans.
  Yeah, sure.
  But yeah, there's a hundred things you could do.
  There are better like songs in the early 20th century.
  I think they picked wrong songs throughout.
  I think what always kept me away from really checking this thing out is when I was like,  OK, wait a minute.
  So it's a revolving theater and it's a bunch of animatronics.
  That sounds like fun.
  What are the kinds of songs?  That doesn't sound very good.
  I think that's why I hadn't watched this until this week.
  We decided to talk about it.
  More fun, more fun.
  On the way out the door, I saw a clip from an old Christmas special where Glen Campbell  is on stage.
  He pops around all the locations and he sings Christmas songs with these characters.
  And I don't think they reprogram the robots.
  I think it's just editing to like make pseudo sync up happen.
  But it's better.
  It's more fun.
  Yeah, I did make I kind of liked the pig.
  I kind of liked the pig dancer because Glenn was kind of like, you know, cozy and up to  her.
  And I was they had some chemistry.
  I felt.
  Yeah, I hear that.
  So that little clip, that clip genuinely is like so much more fun than the show.
  I am begging for that.
  I mean, the idea of the current iteration that we know of is Christmas is a very American  creation.
  Essentially, partially done by the Coca-Cola company adopting the idea of Santa Claus as  a man.
  Like a lot of stuff that we consider Christmas traditions are very recent in modern history.
  And I think that would easily those traditions and songs could slot into this.
  Why aren't they like singing like Frank Sinatra songs or something?  Clearance, I think.
  I think that's got to be it.
  Yeah, maybe.
  None of these.
  Yeah, because you don't have any of like, yeah, songs are getting good in that cold  cold war Gershwin era.
  Those are old songs from the 70s.
  By that point in the 70s, those songs were still popular, but they were old.
  And those songs, like people play still.
  That would make so much more sense.
  Yes.
  Not really jazz represented per se.
  Yeah, it's so like, yeah.
  So hokey.
  All of this.
  It's like it's like it's like the old guys didn't have like a great taste.
  Like Country Bear has some tradition, some original songs, some sort of like joke songs.
  I think it's a lot of like classic country and folk songs.
  But this but this kind of folk song.
  This is like when you go to a wedding, even a wedding where you're like, this DJ just sucks.
  Like this is just so like he doesn't know how to get people up.
  There was a good flow going on the dance floor and he's killed it.
  Like he kills it after one song or he or she.
  It doesn't matter where.
  Yeah, but it's like it's a no.
  Like you just that person who's doing the playing of the music doesn't know.
  Yeah.
  And that's how this feels to me.
  They don't know whoever put this together doesn't know how to get a crowd on their feet.
  Are the purple videos that I watched did not end in a standing ovation.
  No.
  Except what people got up to.
  But I think that was to leave.
  Yeah.
  Mark.
  Look, Mark Davis obviously is involved in stuff we like.
  I would not let him DJ my wedding.
  Sorry, Mark.
  Yeah.
  But I guess a DJ needs to know if you're going to like create a nice little flow to a set  or you want to end big.
  You want to end with something great.
  Yeah, of course.
  Do we maybe want to so that this isn't it's similarly maybe we need to end with a bang.
  Sure.
  With I'm glad we saved this information.
  Anything else to say about the ride before?  Because I think we if this episode's had a bunch of like weird and cruddy and dark stuff,  although I ended up having fun.
  You know, I think we got something fun here to end with.
  But oh yeah, for sure.
  I know.
  I think I'm good here.
  We're set.
  OK, OK.
  We can skip over the.
  The gruesome death.
  The horrible death.
  Yeah, yeah, that's awful too.
  Because in case if anyone was getting ready to comment, I wonder if they're going to talk  about the death.
  They didn't talk about it.
  We just did.
  We talked about it.
  That's it.
  I have to acknowledge it.
  The ride only shut down for two days.
  This is one of the grimest things I think we've come across.
  It's so awful.
  Yeah.
  And you can learn about it in the defunct land video where Kevin Perger even put in a  warning card and it's bad.
  Yeah, it's it's it's just bad.
  This is a thing in general.
  I'm always like when we run across the rides where there was a death, I'm like, does anyone  really want to hear us talk about the deaths?  Sure, I don't think.
  No, this one is so notorious and it's negligence and it's shocking they didn't catch it ahead,  like catch that this switching the clockwise versus counterclockwise rotation that no one  it's insane.
  It's a huge lapse of safety and yeah.
  Yeah.
  But yes, that that also that ends up being like what people I think is Kevin says in  that video.
  He's like, yeah, that's what people remember this ride for also.
  So yeah, getting gutted for to fill out Splash Mountain every every kind every piece of every  layer of this ride or this show.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, I don't think we knew.
  I don't think we knew.
  I don't think I fully knew until we were talking and I was like, oh no.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, boy.
  We just like landmines in every direction, apparently, except for the end.
  Oh, yes.
  Yeah.
  Because here's what we have to say.
  So all right.
  It's Fourth of July weekend.
  There was a long time ago where we talked about like, OK, well, if hey, if old if old  Joe, full Joe Biden is aiming for things to be up and running by the Fourth of July, which  things sort of confusingly are to some extent.
  Yeah.
  I think I will still spend my I think I'll spend my Fourth of July still avoiding crowds,  for health reasons, which is because I think it made me realize I don't want to be in crowds  anymore.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
  So but anyway, I mean, they're still it's been gradual, but I think there's good feelings  and we had just like we had said maybe is Fourth of July maybe a good time to do something  that we keep we've talked about for so long.
  So we talked about being the first thing back when we were back in person and then we realized  like, oh, it's too much to pull off.
  It's something we talked about doing in 2020.
  So we have teased so aggressively.
  It is not this show, but another animatronic animal musical show.
  And I think you know what we mean at this point.
  Talking about the country bears.
  Yes.
  So I mean, what from our perspective, is it maybe it's just it's felt too daunting.
  It's felt like, you know, like, like, really, are we there?  Are we ready?  Are we in a place?  Yeah, it certainly felt daunting.
  There's been a lot of angles like I think, oh, then there's this angle to take on it.
  There's a song.
  There's the history.
  There's the making of and so it's been a little daunting.
  It was cursed because we said we're going to do it in this way at this time.
  And that pretty much is a pod any podcast.
  If you do that, life is going to get in the way.
  Like, I don't know that any of us expected America to like the vaccines to like hit the  gas and like stuff to open that quickly.
  Yeah.
  We very quickly tried to jump and get some like back, you know, go back to theme parks.
  We've been talking about not going to theme parks for 16 months.
  Let's get to some theme parks.
  So yeah, that's true.
  Yes.
  Yeah, current finds a way like gets in the way.
  I don't know.
  What do you want to say?  Lots going on.
  I don't know.
  But I think the main thing is ambition is grown.
  We want to do we want to do this right.
  We want to do some fun with it.
  And that is why we are announcing officially Country Bear Jamboree week, an entire week  and we end which we should say the phrase a daily podcast series.
  Yes.
  Devoted to the Country Bear Jamboree.
  Yes.
  We're going to do it right.
  We're going to do it exhaustively.
  Not 18 part, not 19 parts.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Well, I mean, what it like, why would we do that many?  It's not as if this is a shopping district next to a theme park.
  Yeah, no.
  But and the rules and metrics of Country Bear Jamboree are evolving as we speak.
  It's being locked down as we speak.
  By that you mean we don't know when we're going to do it yet.
  That's what you're saying.
  Well, but that and also like and then it'll be this.
  Oh, I know exactly what it is.
  Well, yeah, this has been Mike's opus for a while.
  We all have our favorites.
  I'll give Scott.
  Scott was the idea to do it.
  Scott had a great.
  Yeah.
  For the week, I think.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which then now I end up getting mentally punished by these things.
  I'll have the idea and then I end up regretting it later.
  But I don't this seems like this seems like a blast fun way to cover.
  And the idea and all I'll say is my idea at all time was what the finale is going to be.
  That was that is what I'm very, very excited.
  I'm excited for everything, very excited for the finale of this.
  Right.
  Well, now we'll see what that is.
  And again, we keep digging ourselves deeper into what I promised.
  Yeah, I promised a real spectacular finale.
  So you keep saying it.
  Yeah, no, it's going to be like again and again until the expectation is so high.
  Got a minute and a half like Sam Eagle and Muppets and Muppets 3D.
  Yeah.
  You know what?  If you have any suggestions for how we do that, if there's things that you don't want  us to to miss, if there's something where you're like, that's how it should go.
  If there's if anybody's listening who, you know, like, hey, our favorites, you know,  we're talking to you if you want, if anybody there are favorite guests, if you want to  come talk about anything about country bears, feel free.
  Or it'll just be us for four days because we determine nobody cares.
  Four to five.
 We don't know that either.
  I don't know.
 But it'll be contained to a week.
  Country Bear Jamber Week.
  I think it's five.
 I think it's going to be five.
  OK, great.
 Good.
 Great.
  But you never know.
 These things grow.
  That's a good point.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
  It could be a full traditional calendar week of seven.
  I don't know how it would be.
  But that would be the it doesn't feel like seven, but  isn't five feeling like two.
  But five is a work week.
  Five is a work week.
 Yeah.
  So these are work week.
  Although, I mean, maybe you all of a sudden I'll try to slip in like  Captain Kidd's buffet into Country Jamber Week.
  Would that count? That's getting annexed.
  I don't know.
 Maybe.
  I think it's closed, by the way.
 Do we know?  I think so.
 We've heard we've heard.
  Captain Kidd's captain closed.
  The like Google page or yell pages are a little, you know,  those can never be 100 percent accurate.
  But I think some people said they went by it.
  Yeah, it was closed.
  So it's not somewhere I'm dying to be.
 Right.
  No, I'm not.
 You sure.
  But I am dying to be in the in the country, bear jamboree in my mind.
  We will do this soon.
  We don't know exactly.
  But by the further now and then we'll get then we'll do an announcement  in 14 months where we break down what it's going to be.
  And then we still don't do it.
  Yeah.
 Keep getting slid and slid.
  What is wait a minute.
 What is this?  What's the analog from the AFI top 100?  What is a movie that kept taking forever?  Is it the apocalypse now?  Oh, Titanic's on the AFI list, is it?  Yeah, that took quite a while to do.
  And then apocalypse now, if you're including is is the is Verner Herzog's  Fitzcarraldo on the list?  It's Carraldo someone with the boat, right?  Yes, it's trying to.
  It is like the plot of Fitzcarraldo.
  Like we country bears is us trying to drag the boat up the mountain.
  Scott, you know, we're talking about.
  I haven't seen it.
 I'm aware of the reference.
  Yeah, yeah.
 He was trying to.
  There was he's trying to actually pull like a boat in real life over  like this hill to into another body of water.
  And the boat got stuck that way for a very long time, stalling every like  everybody was stuck on location, people going mad.
  There's a documentary about it.
  Klaus Kinski is regular mad man already.
  Yeah, it's like, yeah, Batman and the Joker.
  Heard talking Kinski.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  So that's our country bears.
 The same thing.
  It's OK.
 OK.
  We found one more A.
F.
I.
 analog or A.
F.
I.
 adjacent.
  That might not be on the A.
F.
I.
 list.
  Also, Warner Herzog also direct Grizzly Band, and that's also bear related.
  Yeah, you're right.
 That get thrown in.
  I mean, we have to decide which which of each of each song  is aligned with which Verner Herzog movie.
  That's so much to determine.
  Yeah.
 We put it on five.
 We'll see.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Tears will be the chasers of my one.
  That's kind of like the  port of call badly, and it's kind of a call.
  Is that her song? I think I believe so.
  Yes.
 Yes, it is.
 Yeah.
  OK, so it's on the books.
  We can't take it back now.
  We can't delay it still, but hopefully we don't believe we do it soon.
  We'd like to do it.
  We can do it.
  So what a take, you know, because it's a suburb.
  We like to see our families.
  I guess they.
 Yeah.
  And travel a little.
  And so it's in the works.
 Great.
  OK, so it's coming.
  You survived podcast, the ride,  mostly about this one animatronic show that we don't like as much  as the other one that we're going to do five episodes about.
 Exactly.
  And if you want the latest updates on that and the rest of the show,  you can find us on the socials at podcast, the ride.
  Merch is available in our tea public store and for three bonus episodes  every month, check out podcast, the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com  slash podcast, the ride.
  Hey, well, you yank it, doodle.
  Oh, I said the past is just a start.
  Tomorrow we'll bring podcasts to you that come straight from the heart.
  I want to say, we wrote only wrote.
  Wait, wait.
 Wake me up.
  When September and don't wake me up forever.
  Oh, this has been a forever dog production executive  produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm,  Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
