 Five, four, three, two, one.
  A gigantic oatmeal cream pie?  Are we inside Jason's dreams?  No, it's just today's topic on Podcast the Ride,  the second gate, I'm Scott Gertner,  joined by the aforementioned Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Hi, yes, I have to say, I believe I was more  of a fudge round kid, which was the chocolatey equivalent.
  Fudge round, did you say?  Yeah, fudge rounds, here,  little Debbie's other product, fudge rounds.
  Wow.
 You had that on your,  yeah, why was that? You had a photo of that  in your notes ready to go?  Well, he pulled it up on the computer  as if he just like willed it onto his screen.
  It didn't even, like he didn't type,  he just turned his computer around.
  As you were finishing the joke,  I Googled fudge rounds and was able to get,  results and pictures very quickly.
  Wow, fudge round, I never had a fudge round.
  Mike Carlson has never had a fudge round.
  You just gotta go to a fudge round?  I never heard of a fudge round.
  Neither have I.
  Fudge round, it's just a chocolatey version  of an oatmeal cream pie.
  It's like a chocolate cookie, chocolate cream,  and a little chocolate icing on top.
  Okay, I mean, it sounds fine, it sounds delicious,  I'm just wondering.
  I've never, because we've talked about,  in our private life, we've talked about,  what, moon pies, is that what I bought you at the Rite Aid?  Yes, you found, yeah, moon pies.
  Because I was not a kid who grew up with moon pies,  but we've never talked about, what are they, fudge rounds?  Yeah, that's part of the Fine Little Debbie products.
  Wow, maybe they didn't have fudge rounds in the Midwest.
  My household, we always had Little Debbie stuff.
  My schools, elementary school through high school,  single serve Little Debbie is like a currency back east  in the mid Atlantic region.
  Like if you were in prison, you could trade it for cigarettes?  Kind of, yeah, I mean, some kids would just take  their lunch money and just go buy  a stack of Little Debbie's for lunch.
  That's just- Some kids.
  It wasn't me, no, no, I knew, I knew my limits back then.
  We were a Little Debbie household,  as I've said this on the show before,  but we did not have fudge rounds.
  There's more variety in certain parts of the country.
  You can get the hits out here.
  Interesting.
  A lot of food differences in general in your region,  seemingly.
  Yes, yeah, I would say so.
  I mean, Pennsylvania Dutch area,  there's a lot of potato chip and pretzel factories out there.
  So like, Hers, Utz, Wise are all like big Pennsylvania.
  And you can only find them out here  at like cheese steak places.
  Yeah, what were the three you just said?  Hers, Hers is the big one, Becky's.
  Utz, Utz is- UTZ?  UTZ, yeah, Utz is, if you've seen Mad Men,  the second season of Mad Men starts with an Utz story arc  as a client.
  And then Wise has the little owl.
  Do you- Does Wise have a, does the owl have a name?  I don't know.
  I mean, I'm sure they all have names.
  Utz has like a little- A little baker.
  Girl.
 Yeah.
  With rosy cheeks.
  Utz girl's very adorable.
  The ability that you have to just spit out  all of this information off, I always find that,  it's always right there, ready to go.
  There is no reach back into the past.
  It is at the forefront of the brain at all times.
  It's never like, what was that?  It's always, I know three things, I know them well.
  I mean, yeah, as our mutual friend, Andrew Grissom once said,  if desserts did not exist, would you have any memories?  To me.
  And he got my ass, he got my ticket.
  What a line.
  You know what, he got us all really good  because we were talking, we haven't mentioned this  on the show yet.
  Uncle Martin has sadly passed away from Clifford,  Charles Groton.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's maybe a while ago by now, but yes.
  It's a while ago by now,  but we're finally mentioning it on the show.
  And we were talking to him and we were saying,  yeah, like there's this weird thing,  we feel like we talk about somebody,  because what, Ziegfried or which one passed away?  Immediately Roy, but Ziegfried was not far after.
  And we're like, when we talk about somebody,  it's like scary.
  And he goes, well, all of the people you like are over 80.
  And we were like, oh, that's a good point.
  I guess we're not really cursing anyone.
  They just happen to be on the older side.
  Usually not hit by a bus situation, no.
  Right, so he put, he got our ass there too.
  Geez.
  But this, gotta have him on, I guess, at some point,  so people can put a voice to the mentioned a lot name.
  Maybe he can get us live.
  For now, today we're talking about the Honey,  I Shrunk the Kids movie set adventure,  which was a kid's playground based on the first  Honey, I Shrunk the Kids movie.
  This was a Disney MGM studios in Florida,  opened in 1990, a little bit after the park.
  And it was like the film, an adventure in a backyard  with giant stocks of grass, items that are usually  very small made to be very big,  very much like you were in the thick of it  in the first movie.
  Right, yes.
  And it was, of course, yes.
  The first, we've talked a little bit about this  because we've done the 3D film,  the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids 3D film.
  We've touched upon this.
  I mean, feet a while ago, yes.
  And talked about, some of us were afraid  of the first movie and some of that.
  I don't remember some of this though.
  I don't remember where people landed.
  I was really terrified.
  I've never seen the first one.
  I would watch it now, but I've never seen  the first one because that bee,  I would see the bee in the trailer or the commercial  and I was so scared of giant insects.
  Sure.
  So I did do this.
  I did do this play area and did like it.
  Despite the presence of giant insects.
  Giant ants, giant bees.
  Don't remind me, you know.
  You're reminding me about it.
  But yes, I remember doing it and being a little bit like,  am I gonna get attacked?  Am I gonna get attacked by a giant insect?  But I obviously thought the whole thing was pretty cool.
  There was many slides, et cetera.
  Yeah, kind of a much needed addition to this park  because looking back on it and even looking at the park now,  when it opened, there was not a lot of activities for kids,  especially really young kids  to get their boundless energy out.
  There was a lot where they can sit quietly  and appreciate the Hollywood that never was  and will always be.
  And that is a little hard to explain that saying to children.
  But not to you as a child.
  Oh no, as a weird little kid.
  Yo, I loved it.
  You got your energy out reading like plaques.
  You were like, yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Look at this plaque.
  Burt Langkester's hat.
  Wow, the truck blew up and now the water tank blew up.
  Footlight parade.
  Footlight parade.
  I'm getting all my energy out looking at footlight parade.
  But most three-year-olds, you can't describe how,  though there was a time when most films  were about synchronized swimmers  rising up on tiered platforms out of the water.
  Yeah.
  Didn't quite do it.
  Aquatic birthday cakes.
  And sometimes one would have a sparkler  and they were all certainly bathing beauties.
  Three-year-olds already attacking you,  bashing your leg in.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, back then, yeah,  there wasn't a lot for little kids.
  And even now, I looked at the park map now and I'm like,  oh, wait a minute.
  They built lands based on Star Wars and Toy Story  and did not put a playground in.
  Like that seems like a miss.
  That's true.
  Because every other park, Epcot, Magic Kingdom,  Animal Kingdom, all has some sort of,  at least a tiny play area.
  And of course, a lot of the hotels  have some sort of play area.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is one of those areas  where my perspective changed a lot having a kid  because I was all about anything extraneous,  dumb little cute thing, get it out of here.
  I want E-tickets.
  I want visceral thrills and immersive theming.
  And now my son is a little over one  and all he does is run around  and pull all the items off all of our shelves  and jump and flip and roll and just be alive.
  And I now what is just echoing,  I mean, I've said it about other attractions already,  but like, oh my God, this is like,  all I wanna do now is take him to some of these  like dumb foam playgrounds.
  But that's all I would do if I took him to a theme park.
  And now I'm not even sure where they are.
  What's like this at Disneyland now?  The challenge, the Grizzly Challenge Trail.
  You're right, not currently open.
  Right, not open.
  So that's a strike against taking him at the moment.
  Elements of Toontown, I think there's still some.
  A little bit.
  A little bit.
  But I feel like the whole point of Toontown  when we were kids is like, jump around, hurt yourselves.
  Yeah.
 Bash.
  Oh, Pirates Lair on Tom Sawyer Island.
  He might be.
 Also currently.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  This'll be, yeah, maybe I have a reason  to go back to Tom Sawyer Island, which it's been like,  how long has it been since you guys were at Tom Sawyer?  We were there together.
  We were on the barrel bridge at some point  in the last five years.
 Is that true?  Yeah.
 I don't have a memory of that.
  I swear we were.
  You sure there wasn't another tall friend you were with?  I, no, I'm pretty sure we were there.
  I'm pretty sure we were like, oh, let's do it.
  There's no line for the raft.
  I want to say I've never been to Tom Sawyer Island.
  You think so?  I don't think I've ever been there.
  That can't be true.
 Not as a child?  Well, you're talking about Disneyland or did you not,  you'd never, you must've done it in Florida.
  When I was a kid, I think so.
  But maybe you have not been.
  I mean, I say that as if it's strange.
  That's probably correct to not go.
  I don't think I've ever been.
  That's why I'm so surprised.
  Oh.
 I could be wrong.
  I swear we were on the like bar,  the Rocky barrel bridge at some point.
  Are you thinking of when we were on the challenge trail  together and that young boy jumped into that tube and said,  looked at us, shrugged his shoulders and went, YOLO  and jumped into the tube.
  Well, no, I'll never forget that moment.
  And then you and I looked at each other,  shrugged our shoulders and said YOLO then did it.
  And then did it.
  But then after we got out of the slide, we're like, ah,  oh my side.
  Oh God.
  I'm very aware that you only live once.
  Yes.
  Gotta be more careful.
  Never been more aware.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  Well, I mean, I swear we were there.
  We were, I mean, we've climbed.
  I'm a big challenge trail fan  because I like climbing up on that net.
  I like going across the rickety bridge.
  It's not really rickety, but you know,  it moves up at the top on the third story.
  So we've definitely been up there  a handful of times together.
  But possibly never Disneyland.
  So this is a thing at Disneyland you've never done.
  That's kind of crazy.
  It is crazy.
  Can I say I gotta do it?  Yeah, guess so.
  Well, so this is like,  but this is when they were doing a lot of stuff like this.
  As was universal.
  This playground very similar to Fievel's Playland.
  There is a size component, a giant things component.
  And I feel like the same world of foam question mark,  rubber question mark, smelly question mark, answer yes.
  They smelled weird.
  All of these things smelled very strange,  especially when it gets wet.
  Wet foam is a strong memory of being seven  and at one of these places.
  I don't know.
  I've heard, like, I've heard tell of like certain,  like schools, some schools don't have recess anymore.
  They don't like, I think there's a lot of,  this is not gonna sound like an episode of Gutfeld  or something and I'm not trying to do that.
  I've heard though that like, there's like a lot less gym.
  There's a lot less outside.
  I think partly to do with like,  they don't want kids getting hurt.
  They don't want any liability for things like that.
  So I think like there's foam.
  Like I remember when we went to our first foam floored,  like, like playground.
  Play center.
  Like as usually when I, when I grew up,  it was like sand or wood chips  that was like scattered around on the ground.
  And then I do remember when it was like,  oh, we went to this, I think it was like a kind of,  like there was a water element to it,  but it was just all foam and it, yes, it smelled weird.
  And I feel like they had like tried over the years now  to make things a little softer maybe.
  So if a kid, you know.
  Well, my memory was, it was,  if you went to an old playground,  it was still mostly scrap metal.
  It was refashioned like junk metal,  like cheapy slides and stuff.
  And then you started to see like stained wood,  like nice wood castle kind of things.
  But then everyone immediately just getting the shit,  just getting knocked out of them  from like all this hard wood.
  And then at a certain point,  they tried these weird foam things.
  And then eventually they're like grind up tires  and just use it as if it was wood chips.
  And that, that was a thing.
  Like they went farther and then went back  in their technological progress.
  Real quick, playground wise,  playground, did you guys play a lot  on playgrounds as children?  Yeah.
  And McDonald land's definitely flashing to me  because that would have been with the optimal,  but it requires, you know, purchases.
  And it's smaller than, more contained than a real park.
  But you know, this theming, this theming going on,  regular slides, even if they're twice as big,  there's no weird face on it.
  I'm less interested.
  Yeah.
  But like you had playgrounds at your elementary schools.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  And I even remember them getting upgraded at a one point.
  Like they got something nicer,  which was slightly nicer scrap metal.
  Right.
  Can I ask this one?  I'm having, I'm flashing back now to some memories.
  I used to, after a few years,  the dog is doing a distracting scratch.
  Really nuts.
  And he started, the dog does a thing real quick.
  He does a thing where he scratches one of his back paws  and it like trips something.
  And he starts like sticking his tongue out in the air  in a very funny manner.
  Anyway, so after a couple of years of playing  on the same playground in my elementary school,  we used to try to figure out ways to play on the playground  that you weren't supposed to play.
  For older kids?  Was there that division or fourth?  I don't know that it was really a division,  but like instead of, you know, there'd be the two,  the straight tube, you go from one side to the other  on the playground.
  Then you'd start to jump and walk on top of the tube,  which you're not supposed to do.
  Like you can do like stuff like that.
  Do you remember kids doing things like that?  Yeah, I mean, we had like a tiny playground  for the kindergartners, a first and second grade playground.
  And then like the third graders were just unleashed  on like a baseball field.
  And there was a little bit of playground equipment  and maybe a basketball hoop.
  Yeah, we had like two separate,  we had a tall one by the swings  and then we had a smaller one.
  But there was no like only first and second here.
  It was just like, you're all out  and you can do whatever you want  unless it was like we were playing some sort of,  like by fifth or sixth grade,  maybe we were playing touch football or something.
  We weren't playing on the equipment anymore.
  But I remember like going like how,  like which part of this can we jump off of  in a way that we're not supposed to?  And I remember jumping off of like a high part of the,  like there was like a big slide.
  And I remember like a kid and I like daring each other  to jump off of it.
  And we did and it hurt.
  It was not a good thing to do.
  But it's funny like that remembering back,  like that's dangerous.
  Like a teacher should have been like,  oh wait, wait a minute.
  But like no one ever stopped us.
  No one ever was like, you're using the equipment wrong.
  Now that you are an adult, you're like flashing,  well if I had that job, would I really be that careful?  You would have been that invested.
  I guess that, I guess you should be,  if you're getting hired for that particular job,  watching the children.
  Yeah, if I can bring it back to the,  Honey I Shrunk the Kids movie set adventure,  watching footage of this attraction, this play area,  it seemed like there was a cast member whose job  was just to stand at the bottom of the slide  and go like, okay, yeah, all right, come on.
  Get on.
  Like it seems like a shitty job  because it seems like it was very humid back there.
  It was shaded.
  It was shaded, there were fans everywhere,  but it definitely seemed muggy back there.
  I was flashing to this exact tone  when I got to go to the Grand Californian  and hang out by the pool and I was watching the water slide  and spotted one of those like bored teen  who you know is, it just flashed me back  to like Typhoon Lagoon and hearing go, go, go, go.
  The most dead inside.
  One of the most miserable positions you can have clearly.
  Like very sort of like security guard  that's something that doesn't need a security guard.
  Where like, so I'm not saying they're all unimportant,  but if it's like, all right, we just had to put somebody here  and we were too worried.
  Yeah, well, cause like the guy at the bottom of the slide  has to be there so another kid doesn't.
  Nail him.
  Yeah, nail him on the way down  and the same with a water slide and the same with, yeah.
  But it's such a thankless.
  If a robot could say go, go, go,  then it would be a robotic position immediately.
  But it does require a human, albeit a very bored human.
  Yeah, other than that, it didn't seem like  there were a ton of cast members like manning this area.
  I don't recall that.
  It really did just feel like,  certainly not chaos, that'd be too extreme a word,  but just, I don't know, just like lively and active  and full of kids and you felt like you were  getting lost in it.
  That's my memory.
  It would be like extremely immersive.
  Didn't cover that big of a space, but enough.
  And I never felt like I knew my way around.
  Just like, oh, that's there, that's there, that's there.
  It did have the feel of you're in the movie,  very like miniature jungle where, I don't know,  I'm lost in greenery.
  I don't know what's around what corner.
  Yeah, I mean, it definitely worked on me  cause my memories of it as a kid were like,  this thing is massive.
  And watching back, I'm like, oh, it's actually  pretty compact, but the perspective is pretty solid  on a lot of this stuff.
  The weirdest thing looking back on this  was the closing date was April 2016.
  And I went, it was open for how, what it outlived  the attraction with a giant film canister  outlived film canisters.
  Right, right.
  It also outlived the Kodak sponsorship,  which ended in like 2012, 2013,  when they declared bankruptcy.
  And in one walk around video I saw they had painted over  the logo for the Kodakolor on the canister.
  Did it just say nothing or did they invent something?  It was just a big black can with a hole in it.
  Like.
  Which now it's like being that,  and being that film's not around anymore,  there's just no way to tell.
  Yes, unless you are one of five directors,  film does not exist for the most part.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Or.
  A person grandfathered into using it.
  Or like hundreds, hundreds and hundreds of hardworking  film preservationists who we do respect greatly.
  But for the general audience,  like yeah, film is kind of a pain in the ass.
  You can go buy some at a specialty store and mail it away  and it'll get back to you, but it's an investment.
  Yeah.
  That said, at that time,  that was the absolute highlight for me.
  Oh yeah.
  I loved being there.
  I have photos on there that I cherish.
  It wasn't even just like,  it's a cool item to,  it's not an obvious small thing to make big.
  It's a little off the beaten path.
  And it never occurred to me that it was a product placement.
  I don't think I realized that Kodak was the sponsor of this  and that's why there's a film thing.
  It so completely worked, felt totally organic.
  And also just like,  I think it was specifically a good slide.
  You know?  It wasn't like it was hidden well.
  Like it didn't just, it wasn't just a tube.
  Like the impression in it that guided you to the bottom  was sort of subtle in the way it kind of drifted off  to the left at a big angle.
  I don't know.
  It was just like a very unique slide.
  I would love to go on that thing now.
  If there was a way,  if we could get our hands on that  or it could come back just for a night.
  Was that at any of those Disney auctions?  Like the full Kodak slide?  Good buy.
  Think so.
  The shipping on that probably.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I believe I have a photo on the Kodak slide as well.
  I gotta look for it, but I'm pretty sure, yeah.
  Cause that's like very fun.
  And I'm trying to remember,  was there a good shot of like how you got to it?  Maybe I missed it  when I was looking through photos again.
  There's footage, like you go up above it.
  There's like pathways and stuff.
  Got you in the staircase, I think.
  Cause like it's like, I remember.
  It's a really nice job of like hiding that even from  like you looking head on to it.
  Where like you wouldn't necessarily know how to get.
  Like it's all the part, like in a good ride or something,  the parts of it are hidden.
  All like all elements of it are hidden  to make it look like a regular slide.
  Sure, sure.
  Yeah.
  Since you mentioned product placement,  should we go through and say all of them?  Yeah, yeah.
  Kodak, Lego, I think less obvious,  but there was a big Lego brick.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
  And I like seeing the underside of a Lego piece.
  I remember that being like a really unique texture to explore.
  So I'm going to give it to Lego.
  I'm assuming that way.
  I mean, Disney has a long relationship with Lego  down there in Florida.
  Play-Doh.
  Oh, right.
  Super Soaker.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Unclear about oatmeal cream pie.
  Like it's clearly a wrapped oatmeal cream pie,  but I don't know if you,  if you wiggled your way on top of it,  would you see a little Debbie wrapper?  I don't think that was explicitly little Debbie cream pie,  but.
  If you knew, you knew.
  Kind of, yeah.
  You knew, you knew.
  And yeah.
  If you saw it in person right now, you would know, I bet.
  Well, I saw a grainy picture first  when I was starting to look up this ride  and I thought it was a big Oreo  and I had to go back and watch it.
  That's what I thought it was too,  when I saw it in video.
  Yeah, because the sun definitely like,  but like the cracking,  the cracking, Oreo's typically not cracked like that.
  Oh, the floppiness, the sort of meltiness of it.
  Yeah, I see what you're saying,  but sometimes depending on like,  Oreos can be cracked if somebody like  sat on the package or something.
  That's true.
  Or if they got,  they were in the grocery bag and they got jumbled.
  They got hurt.
  Yeah, it was partially eaten by a bunch of ants.
  Yeah, so who knows?  So product, a lot of product placement  that never occurred to me.
  This just seemed like a fun, cool thing.
  It was invisible to me and I guess it worked  and it warmed its way into my brain without me knowing.
  Product placement in general, I was just unaware of.
  I was just like, of course, this is the real world.
  They have products just like I do.
  I know those products, like la la la.
  Like there's no awareness, savviness to that.
  I feel like it was a little subtler in the past.
  I mean, it's not super front and center.
  Like it kind of makes sense why it's in this ride,  but we did rewatch Happy Gilmore last night.
  There's a lot of talk about Subway in that movie.
  Sure, yeah.
  A lot of Subway in that movie.
  He just makes an ad for Subway.
  He makes an ad for Subway  and then he's wearing a Subway t-shirt  and people are eating Subway throughout.
  Which serves its purpose in the mood.
  Like, oh, he's getting endorsements.
  He's a big, but yeah, you would know.
  They didn't make up a funny product  to have him endorse.
  They chose a real thing.
  There's that shot in Ghostbusters of like,  wasn't it like a Coke can and when he opens the fridge  and it's just like perfectly placed.
  You guys know what I'm talking about?  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which like years later I watched it and I was like,  that's a product placement.
  That's, I know what that is.
  I'm smart now.
  The product placement in this one that even as a kid,  I was, I loved my Super Soaker as a kid.
  You're telling me about Super Soaker.
  I was obsessed.
  The commercials, I mean, I had the classic one  and then I had an upgraded one a few years later  and then I never had a massive like one with backpacks  or anything like that.
  I certainly was intrigued by them.
  But in this ride, it's like angled upwards  and it just kind of like spits out water.
  Like so.
  It's not super soaking.
  It's like spurting.
  It's spurting.
  It's like the faucet is dying.
  Yeah, it's like a little left.
  Aggressive spray that we know Super Soaker was capable.
  Yeah.
  If you really want to get wet at MGM,  you would go around the corner and stomp on the stomp pad  by the singing in the rain umbrella  and then just get soaked by the singing in the rain umbrella.
  You could do it on demand.
  Oh, I forgot about that.
  Is that what you learned to love being wet at a theme park?  Well, it's a process, Michael.
  I mean, I learned it everywhere.
  But you did that.
  Cause I don't have a memory of doing that,  singing in the rain.
  Oh, well, we'll have to get that, get to that.
  See if I find any dirt on that  with the singing in the rain umbrella.
  How long was that there?  It was there for a while.
  It was certainly there for a while  cause there's a singing in the rain animatronic  in the great movie ride.
  I remember that.
  So that's interesting.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So episode eight of the singing in the rain umbrella saga.
  Today we're talking about the back right side of the umbrella.
  Now this is the part that yes, everyone say together  is attached to the lamp post.
  That's making the illusion possible.
  Now, what I liked about this, it's going to be essential.
  It's going to be a good series.
  We were just talking about, I made this,  I had this memory of, well, yeah, why did it,  as a kid, I felt refreshed by theme park water.
  And now I do not, I don't actively avoid it super hard,  but I would never like in a taking a nice shower way,  seek it out.
  But thinking about this place took me right back to,  oh yeah, I would get sprayed in there  for as long as my parents would allow.
  I think a more, you're right that the super soaker  left something to be desired.
  I think the stronger area was the broken hose.
  Like really sort of randomized spurts  would come out of a broken hose to where, you know,  you chase it around.
  Is it going to come out here this time or here this time,  or you'd get surprised.
  You try to trick your mom,  then she gets splashed and unhappy.
  I don't know if I did successful.
  She might've been ahead of the pattern, but.
  She was tracking it, she knew.
  Yeah, yeah, that's right.
  Adults are smarter.
  Yeah, I'm wondering, cause when I was a kid,  I did like, yeah, like getting soaked this way probably.
  Is it easier to dry a little kid  cause there's less surface area  as far as the sun is concerned?  Well, it's probably feel like in Orlando,  it's easier to dry anything.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So maybe it was just not an issue  if you were in Orlando when you were little.
  Sun would dry you in two seconds  cause there was no surface area.
  Yeah, sure.
  It's not much clothes to soak, you know.
  Weird way to put it, surface area.
  You mean a body, a smaller body.
  A small person, less surface area.
  It's technically correct.
  Yes, very clinical.
  It's a strange thing to say.
  I guess it is.
  But I stand up, I stand by it.
  Not false, not false.
  Less surface area, unlike the giant disembodied dog nose,  which has a lot of surface area.
  You could also get lightly wet there  cause it would kind of mist sometimes.
  Yeah, I didn't remember this part of it at all.
  That the dog was poking its cork.
  Cork is the dog, I think.
  So corks poking in as he would at the end of the film,  eventually, honey, I shrunk the audience  and shooting out little sprays.
  But yeah, why don't I remember that?  I remember, cause it rhythmically breathed,  it would like make a noise every like 30 seconds, seemingly.
  Huh, huh.
  And did the ant also make noise?  This was indicated somewhere I was looking.
  That they kind of like, not, it kind of screamed a little,  didn't it?  Kind of like chittered a little, something?  Or like, yeah, how to describe it?  Like, was it like a rattle?  Like almost snake-ish?  I'd like, can we both say what we think it was like?  I think it was like,  I think it was more like a sound in a jungle,  like 하기ating  Oh, it was like that.
  Okay, okay, yeah.
  But I could be wrong.
  I have no idea.
  Maybe yours is right.
  Weird scream seems like-  Jason, one more time.
  Scott, one more time.
  I don't remember.
  Cause the ant is their friend and then protects them  and then it dies, right?  Does he die at the end?  I've never seen this movie  Don't they witness the ant?  They all, then they all eat it to survive.
  They all dig into ant guts.
  The ant dies at the end?  I thought the ant,  I thought they get real sad cause the ant dies.
  Maybe you're right.
  Maybe, it was that kind of movie  that had like unpleasant things like that.
  Yeah, there's some-  That were very scary at the time.
  I think what you honed in on was,  I did watch this movie a number of times.
  I feel like if you were at a friend's house  or a cousin's house, this was not a movie we had,  but it was put on.
  Like they'll watch this or it comes on TV all the time.
  So just put that on.
  And I feel like I liked this movie,  but I was unnerved by this movie.
  Yeah, I have found you are correct.
  The ants name was Anty.
  I apologize for the spoiler.
  And I found the first thing that comes up  is a website called Comic Vine.
  And somebody has posted the question,  sadder death, Anty's death and honey I shrunk the kids  or Superman's death and Batman versus Superman,  dawn of justice.
  Why equate these two?  These are not the same era or type of film.
  I don't know, but I will say this.
  It's all tied up at 50%.
  I will say that.
  Or the mother's death in mother.
  Like why are you putting all these together?  I have no idea what the thought process was,  but this person wanted to pose it.
  So what do you Jason, what do you think?  Sadder, even though you have.
  No, I did.
  I watched the, I have seen Batman  versus Superman, dawn of justice.
  I think it's Anty.
  I bet it's Anty.
  And I haven't seen it.
  Yeah, it's gotta be Anty.
  I bet it's Anty because you know Superman's coming back.
  Also.
  Once doomsday shows up, if you were a kid in the night,  you're like, oh yeah, he's gonna kill Superman,  but Superman won't be back.
  Superman pulls himself through the, on the spear.
  You know what I mean?  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Impaled and they pull themselves through  to get closer to kill doomsday.
  Yeah.
  I think it's Anty.
  Yeah, I set aside half a day  to watch the director's cut of dawn of justice.
  Yeah, cause I told you to.
  Yeah.
  And then I tapped out on justice league.
  Once the people started,  just a bunch of Norwegian women started singing  the Aquaman back to the sea.
  And I was like, I'm gonna take a break.
  I didn't make it.
  I love justice league.
  I tapped out after 30 minutes.
  I was ready to, I was like, I would like to like this.
  It seems interesting to like it,  but as I, you know, my new parent movie schedule,  as I got into like night six, I'm like,  how much longer am I gonna do this?  I've fallen asleep every time I have tried.
  I mean, the first, there's a lot of nonsense  and I don't even mean that in a bad way.
  There's a lot of nonsense the first two chapters,  two or three chapters.
  I mean, you certainly won that in a comic book movie,  but I think I was trying to do it  after Batman versus Superman.
  Oh yeah, that's not good.
  And I, one of the things I liked about Batman  versus Superman was like,  ah, look at this majestic wide screen  with these big action sequences.
  And then I switched over to the other.
  I was like, mm, square.
  Yes, very good.
  Square.
  Square, baby.
  Well, I think you give it another chance.
  I'll get, yeah, I just need another half a day free.
  And a lot better.
  It's better, believe it or not, than the Joss Whedon version.
  No, all right, okay.
  So I think the mention of that name,  it took the air out of the room, evidently.
  I'm sorry about that.
  I mean, because what I said was so insulting  to Joss Whedon's version of Justice League.
  You guys were offended by that.
  That's why I couldn't get through.
  I was so married was I to the original.
  Not that his brand of non-humor  just strangled American comedy for years.
  Well, there's this weird thing  you were mentioning, Jason, about that we keep,  you might notice how stiff we've been saying,  Honey, I Shrunk the Kids movie set adventure,  because there's a weird thing with it.
  Would you like to detail that?  Okay, so the big themed sign for this ride  says Honey, I Shrunk the Kids movie set adventure  with a stamp font.
  And on the map, that's what it's called.
  But if you entered through a marquee  on the streets of America,  the sign reads Honey, I Shrunk the Kids play set adventure.
  And they had plenty of room to write movie.
  It'd be only one more.
  Yeah, I'm looking at that line.
  They got nothing but room.
  Yeah.
 Absolutely.
  The letter M is not that wide.
  It's unclear why these signs say different things.
  Yeah, not sure.
  But I always like stuff like this.
  I like when they're not paying too close of attention.
  I liked the human feel of just genuine mistakes  in what is this thing called  in the era of hyper ride branding.
  I love it.
  Like, what is this again?  Yeah.
  Honey, I Shrunk the Kids run around place.
  And then either the options are either  no one ever noticed a difference  or a bunch of people noticed in the company went, eh.
  We're gonna have to pay a guy to go up there  and change that.
  Like, cause that wouldn't happen now.
  That would be a big deal.
  Josh DeMorrow would have somebody's head on a swivel  or swivel on a platter.
  No, that means he's looking around a lot.
  A head on a platter means he's murdered someone  because he's upset.
  He'd put a head on a swivel platter  and spin it round and round and round.
  What an insults to a dead body that would be.
  Of course, yeah.
  He would not go for something misbranded.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, the old days, it's good when it was just like,  I don't know.
  Oh man, what did you write?  Oh no, that's not it.
  Well, it's gotta be due to the however, whatever.
  Yeah, Christmas is coming.
  We need the space.
  Just put it up.
  Doesn't matter.
  That's what I remember about this going in.
  Not that I was at this park before this,  but they did sort of rush out the opening  of Disney MGM Studios because they were in a turf war  with Universal Studios.
  And just like, if we get something open first  and the stuff works, then we're doing great.
  And they did, they did open before Universal  and everything at Universal didn't work,  so they were just ahead of the game.
  But very quickly, I think they'd conceived of it  as maybe more of a half day park.
  And whenever they think that, they're always wrong.
  That's like, nobody, audiences cannot calibrate  their expectations to get less of a theme park.
  And they shouldn't, that doesn't make any sense.
  So there was a lot of space in this park  that you would only see from the tram,  all this back lot area that you just pass by.
  You'd pass by a fake back lot  where nothing's ever been filmed  because this was a swamp nine months ago.
  So very quickly, it was like, well, we gotta do something.
  Let's at least, hey, let's let people walk around  the back lot, we can do that.
  But what are they gonna do when they're there?  I don't know.
  Do we have any of those blades of grass around?  Can we pull an attraction together?  Which for being pulled together,  I might be wrong about the slapdash nature of this,  but if this was like a get something in there,  we need something for kids to do,  it is really well done for being sort of a  after the fact rush job.
  Yeah, and fast, like fast after the movie came out.
  Pretty quickly by Disney standards.
  Right, right, yeah.
  And I, you know, also in the getting lost area,  this might've been my first awareness of,  oh, so it's like map paintings, like it's physical.
  Why does this seem like it goes on forever?  Well, it's lots of physical blades of grass,  but then there's a painting back there  that gives you the notion that it goes and goes  into infinity, which is probably how they did the movie  to some extent.
  Pretty clever, pretty cool.
  Yeah, it's, I was looking back through it  and I was like, I did not, I mean,  obviously we don't appreciate, you know,  theming, you don't think of it as when you were a kid,  but I was like, I bet I would appreciate this more now  if I were to go into it, which apparently,  according to the web, according to the internet,  the 2016 I could have and didn't even realize  it was still there.
  It was very surreal to think, like to find HD footage  of this attraction that is so glued into the early 90s  for me and to see HD footage and go like,  the 2016 presidential election is going on  as this is being recorded.
  Oh my God, Jesus.
  That's not long ago.
  Trump, Hillary is occurring.
  The primaries.
  People are on the honey, I shrunk the kids thing.
  Yeah, the primaries are wrapping up.
  That doesn't make sense in my timeline,  but yeah, I could have done it.
  And I would have really been like, wow,  look at this, this is pretty good.
  Like, this is really pretty cool for being very simple thing.
  And I think it looks better than some of the Bugs Land  stuff, which is now of course gone.
  Oh, I think it for sure looks better.
  Yeah, which.
  Serves a similar need of like, oh yeah,  children are coming to this park.
  They would like things to do.
  I don't know, I'm sure somebody mentioned this probably  as an idea of a Bugs Land, but if they're moving Ant-Man  and they could have just moved some of this stuff  into Ant-Man's world, like you can do the same thing  with Ant-Man.
  Probably.
  They did.
  They kept some big things.
  There are a lot of you are small attractions.
  There's a ton if you add them up.
  Like I didn't write a list, but just off the top of my head,  there's this and the honey I shrunk movie.
  There's Files Playland Universal.
  There's Ant-Man.
  Wait, there is an Ant-Man attraction.
  Well, there's Hong Kong.
  And Bugs Land was there in the same area before.
  Right.
  Rat Tatooie are small.
  Right.
  Body Wars and Inner Space.
  Body Wars, we just did Adventures Through Inner Space.
  Adventure Through Inner Space, not plural.
  I'll start learning this, I swear.
  And those are, there's a big spectrum.
  Like in Inner Space, you're microscopic.
  In others, you're an inch or a few inches  or however big a rat is.
  Do you get shrunk on Minion Mayhem?  Maybe.
  Maybe.
  Do you get his account is getting.
  No, you get turned into a minion.
  So you are a tiny.
  That is shrinking.
  It's not as far.
  Yeah.
  That's about it.
  That's like if you got shrunk into a South Park kid.
  Right.
  I mean, I guess you'd get turned into a pet  and Secret Life of Pets too.
  So that's shrinking.
  It's kind of shrinking.
  Yeah.
  It's a really common thing.
  And you go back to, I never got to do this.
  This was too early for when I was going to Universal Studios  Hollywood.
  But I think a big thing on the tram tour was  you stopped somewhere, got out, and looked  at a bunch of props, including like a huge phone.
  It's a giant phone way bigger than you.
  And it's a foam phone.
  So you can pick it up.
  Do bits with whoever you're talking to on the foam phone.
  You're kind of inadvertently.
  Scott, we both stayed at Pop Century  the last time we were in Florida.
  Oh, yeah.
  You are kind of, there's giant versions  of like cordless phone, internet computer, you know?  Yo-yo and jukebox.
  Yeah, I guess Pop Century is a shrinking experience  without you.
  Like as if you've been shrunk in a museum of pop culture  history.
  Well, all the All-Star resorts really have large elements.
  Yeah, big helmets, big baseballs.
  Big Netscape navigator open on the computer.
  Big Roger Rabbit.
  Yeah.
  You ever, yeah, I don't think people maybe  take that in when they stay at the cheaper hotels on Disney  World property.
  This lets you experience what it's  like to be tiny amidst big items.
  Maracas.
  You see, you're shrunk, but the savings  are big, you know?  So you've got to keep that in mind.
  Yeah, sure.
  The benefits of staying on site are very large.
  Is there a shrinking movie or TV,  like they haven't done that's like an obvious one?  Like you're more the incredible, I don't know,  there's incredible shrinking something.
  What's that old movie?  Incredible Shrinking Man?  The Incredible Shrinking, I know what you're talking about.
  The Woman, I believe, with the late Charles Gruden.
  Watch that.
  They probably want to make a movie out of that.
  Oh, The Incredible Shrinking Woman, 1981.
  Yeah.
  Mm-hmm.
  So.
  Very, just like a big recurring part of the theme park  experience.
  And you know, so now that we've had this realization,  next time you're pulling into one of those hotels,  make like a shrink ray sound in your car.
  You're maybe being driven in potentially from the airport.
  Right.
  But I think the driver will find it cool.
  Just go like shrinking beginning.
  Pew, pew, pew, pew.
  And then turn to your child, put your hands  on the side of their face and say, we're shrinking now.
  We're going to be little.
  We're going to be very little.
  We're going to be so little, we're  going to have next to no surface area.
  No surface area.
  You'll have even less surface area than usual.
  And then they'll be immersed from that point on.
  Are you ready?  Get ready.
  You don't look ready.
  Be ready.
  Hey.
  Sort of an Affleck Batman voice you got going.
  Wow, without even having finished the film.
  You know, one of the things I really  liked about this as a kid was that it seemed as in terms of  like I knew it was a playground.
  I knew it was a play area.
  But it seemed more real than reality to me.
  Like it seemed more real than the film sets on the back lot  because it's gussied up.
  It's a themed attraction.
  There's like four walls.
  Yeah, there's four walls.
  It's not like, yeah, that all the stuff in the back lot.
  You're like, I can see.
  Yeah, but it's not a flat.
  It's not a, you know, it's not a sun  bleached like car or tiny spaceship or anything.
  It's like a navigator.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Flight of the navigator.
  Cool.
  But I had not seen it to that now.
  Yeah.
  But I just like that.
  It's like, oh, this is a simulation of a film of like  what you were in in the film.
  Like you it's still like making the film versus being in  meshed into the film.
  It feels like if you got to run around the set, it completely achieves that.
  Like if after hours there was not a movie to be made, but they left everything up.
  Yeah.
  Even though in actuality, the actual set was probably like, well, one,  two sides were themed.
  And if you turned around, you would just see a bunch of people  milling about, and if you turned another direction, it would mostly be cables.
  Uh huh.
 Stands.
  It doesn't apparently film the movie in Mexico weirdly is what I, what I learned.
  Yeah.
  So that's an odd and like the neighborhood you see in it is completely fabricated.
  That's not even like a backlot set or a real neighborhood,  like completely built from scratch.
  I watched a making of special hosted by Rick Moranis, which I could not believe  that he's also the host of the, it's supposed to be like a big step down.
  Like when there's the back to the future making of hosted by Kirk Cameron,  the biggest step down that could ever you could ever imagine.
  Well, yeah.
  And just seeing Rick Moranis and so much stuff and then nothing for 30 years  until of course he's coming back to do another one of these.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Wayne is back.
  Wayne is back.
  So maybe, yeah, bring this back.
  Will Auntie be back or a relative of Auntie?  Auntie's Auntie, they bring him, that's a bot bringing Auntie back from the dead.
  Yeah.
  Uh, Wayne Zelinski has conquered death.
  Yeah.
  It's like, it's like a justice league.
  It's like Auntie has to, they have to go to the ship and find Auntie's corpse and,  uh, bring the mother box.
  Electrocute it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You dump a mother into a kiddie pool.
  You dump a mother box in a kiddie pool.
  Yeah.
  Then you use a speed force to electrocute it.
  That's right.
  And then Auntie comes back.
  So you got to go to, you're going to the after world, but also shrunken.
  There's two processes.
  Unless you can hook it up to the same device.
  Right.
  Unfortunately, once he's back, three giant Dalmatians tackle Auntie off a cliff  and he eats it.
  Like, well that's just to tie the universes together.
  Well, that's the tie.
  Yeah.
  This is something from Cruella has leaked that is, uh, that is, that is,  that's a shocker.
  It's a bit of a shocker.
  I mean, it changes everything.
  I gotta say.
  Do I like it?  Maybe I like it.
  Yeah.
  And if that's the case with every, you know, Jafar's parents were  killed by three genies.
  Yeah.
  Like by Shazang.
  And then, yeah, then a cave of wonder ate them and pooped them out of his head.
  Somehow.
  Every villain was always killed by three of three of whatever.
  Yeah.
  If whatever the good guy has on the team, I don't know.
  Dalmatians are what would, uh, Bruce, Bruce Wayne's parents killed by three  super men that would have been explored in the second sack Snyder justice league.
  Yeah.
  They were going back in time for that.
  Oh, great.
  You get a Routh and, uh, Cabell, yeah.
  CGI Reeve and you see them all get together to kill Bruce Wayne's parents.
  Still in the alley.
  They look up.
  It's still the pearls falling.
  They could catch the pearls.
  They could move super fast and catch all those pearls.
  That's a way to twist it.
  The pearls do not fall on the ground.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  They pick them up.
  And then they look at young Bruce and go, we're going to pawn these.
  And then not even for an insultingly low amount of money.
  Then they like reanimate his mother and then they like create pearls by holding  rocks and like squeezing them so tight.
  And that's how you make pearls.
  Right.
  Like diamonds, the same way.
  And they make more necklaces and then they break those as well.
  And pick them up just to again, to Shazam the moment really make it over the top.
  It's just a movie.
  It's a movie that's an hour's worth of Bruce, young Bruce Wayne, Pearl torture.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Look, if it's, if one of those isn't in the Pattinson one, I'm not going to be  able to follow it.
  I think for the Pattinson, I think we're going to get to see it.
  This scene that's been in every single Batman ever.
  Martha Wayne's pearls fall.
  You have to have it in there.
  How would, how would we know?  How do we know what happened if we didn't buy comparison?  We've only seen Wayne Zelinski say, honey, I shrunk or blew up.
  Not that many times.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Seeing it again, a fourth time wouldn't be so crazy.
  Although, well, this is what I'm, I'm coming into this episode with, because I  was thinking, yes, that's true.
  And you're talking about Rick Moranis is Wayne Zelinski, but you're leaving out  Peter Scolari's, yes, Wayne Zelinski from the three seasons of television.
  From three seasons where I was shocked that that discovery 66 episodes.
  Not each season, though, is the full total of that series is 66.
  Amount of money you'd make from doing that.
  It's crazy.
  There's, you know, like little Netflix shows that are like 10 seasons that  had to have cultural impact.
  This thing, they were, they cranked out so many.
  Honey, I shrunk the kids like syndicated Canadian produced television episodes.
  This ran from 97 to 2000.
  And just on the way out the door, I was going, I don't know anything about this  show and I was just curious for the vaguest sense of the kinds of things that  happened on the show.
  Have you guys ever seen it?  Oh, I watched it all the time.
  This was definitely in my sleepy Saturday.
  You know, like with her.
  I think it would usually air around then it might be on Disney Channel or no, I  think it was on broadcast.
  I think it was on like WB or UPN.
  Yeah, but syndicate.
  I think it was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a different place for depending on where you are.
  I think they did.
  I think they showed them on Disney Channel at some point too.
  But like, then you might know this already, but when you take in the sum of  Wayne Zelinski's accomplishments, if you count the TV show as Canon, I don't think  inventing a shrinking machine would even be in his obituary headline.
  It's far down the list of what he achieved.
  If I could just spit out, I mean, time machine, but that's a given.
  Like, obviously that's not even a, that's not even creative because similarly a  machine where you can see yourself in the past, I guess, without the travel.
  I don't have a lot of details on these.
  I'm just going off of Wikipedia bylines, but so separately.
  So if you enter his gallery of machines, do you want to travel through time or are  you too lazy and you just want to look at yourself in the past?  That's also on the table.
  There's a machine that makes you go faster than the speed of light.
  There's a machine that makes you go inside of your own dreams.
  He invented invisibility.
  There's a machine that makes your vision so perfect.
  You can see everything, including dead people.
  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
  What?  What?  It's a vision issue.
  It's not that you, you know, Haley Jalosman does, that's not, he just had very good  vision.
  Wait, if you all, if we all got our eyes just super tuned up, we'd be able to see  ghosts.
  So like, so it was ghosts basically saying, so if we have good enough vision, we can  see heaven on earth.
  I get, well, that's a whole other, I feel if heaven is indeed laid on top of earth.
  Heaven vision would be sim, that would be different.
  Ghosts are stuck in limbo, right?  Okay.
  So they've got unfinished business.
  So he's seeing like ghosts that are haunting, that are stuck on earth because of  unfinished business.
  He's not seeing into the kingdom of heaven.
  Or they weren't baptized.
  It depends on what Wayne Zolinski sees.
  So he made a Christian invention.
  Who's blessed with holy water.
  Masturbating while thinking about someone other than your spouse.
  And then yeah, you're stuck on earth your whole life as a ghost.
  Yeah.
  He invented a cinnometer.
  He can scan and go like, well, this is how much you've said.
  This is how many rosaries you have to say.
  Yeah.
  The stats appear.
  The stats.
  Very much like an infinity train setup.
  There's a counter.
  Yeah.
  He invented an infinity train, done already.
  Done on this syndicated show.
  Sorry to say.
  Brain swab machine, a machine that is to find gold and which causes the family to  run a foul of a leprechaun.
  Is after the same pot of doubloons.
  This sounds fantastic.
  This show.
  That's a way.
  Yes.
  Long story short, this seems like the best show.
  This seems like a show I would like to write for.
  I was going to say, like, can we bring it back?  Yeah.
  If it's, if they would let something be this crazy.
  Every episode of the premise for a television show.
  Yeah.
  There's like in every one of these, yes, there'd be a full show about it and the  show would get really boring.
  Yeah.
  And the network would say, well, can it like not really be about the brain  swap?  Like, don't you think that's going to run out of steam?  You want to say no, it should always be, it should be crazy machines  as frequently as possible.
  Yeah.
  It's like quantum leap took one of these machines and made the whole series about it.
  This is a new quantum leap.
  Every episode.
  Yeah.
  It's like at the end of the first season, they're like, all right, let's take off  the gloves.
  He's not a genius anymore.
  He's a God.
  What could God, God in man's body?  What could he do?  Well, what problems could he go?  Well, okay.
  Death time.
  Go.
  Okay.
  Gold, uh, human folly.
  Like can end.
  Yeah.
  It can end death.
  He could like zap a caveman millions of years into the future and just make him  deal with it.
  Dara, does he give like the Darth Plagueis speech at some point, how he's  learned how to cheat death?  Wayne Zelinski can cheat death now.
  Does he encounter, is there like a two parter where he's like, okay, so if we kill  Hitler, but okay, but for Hitler, like he does the paradox of like, well, if you  kill baby Hitler, you know, if you, or if you kill Hitler, when he's at his height  of his power, what happened?  He's got a bit like he's over the course of it.
  He tries to kill Hitler at every possible age, like every possible month and just  see what happened.
  But also the machine lets you see the effects without them occurring  practically.
  So you, so there is no butterfly effect, but it's a butterfly effect simulator.
  Right.
  Cause it's saying, cause you don't want it to actually happen.
  Cause what if everything unravels?  Yeah.
  Did he come up with just a machine that's a Hitler, it just kills Hitler, a  Hitler killing machine.
  And that's all it can do.
  It can track wherever Hitler was anywhere in time.
  And if you want to zap Hitler out of one time and kill him in the year 3000, you  can do that too.
  Do that.
  Oh, can you, can you transport him through time, shrink him, then kill him.
  Then have sick auntie after him, bring auntie back to life.
  Right.
  Auntie devours Hitler.
  Auntie's forces are on the march.
  He's conquered most of Europe and I.
  We salute our brave aunts doing the ultimate job saving the planet.
  Oh no, I was going the other way that auntie becomes the fascist.
  Oh, we know that.
  In the 20th century, inevitably fascism rises.
  It's just a different figurehead.
  Oh man.
  Oh, we've, yeah.
  Oh, you can't kill Hitler.
  A giant and immediately.
  Oh, it takes his place.
  It's a power vacuum.
  Mussolini deposed by Auntie Hitler's friends, sometimes foe.
  There's only one answer.
  A giant poisoned oatmeal cookie only through poison cream.
  Can we stop the Auntie forces?  This is also sounding like Rick and Morty pitches.
  He really is.
  That's exactly what I thought, which is that he invents a protozoa that exists  to that can eat anything, including garbage.
  So it's a potential solution to the waste problem that this will just eat all the  garbage that feels extremely like machines.
  Sure.
  That's Wayne Zelinski's bread and butter, but inventing like a being that's very  Rick and Morty, but that's also very flux capacitor, right?  Doesn't he start feeding a garbage in the second?  Doesn't it run on garbage?  Oh, that's true.
  Yeah, it's a living thing, which the only other thing like when you're talking  about living beings eating garbage, the only other example is the Flintstones.
  So it's these are two very unique pieces of work.
  I don't want to just go on and on about that.
  Well, of course I do, but I won't.
  The there's one where wrestlers Brett and Owen Hart are injured at the  Zelinski's house and thus Wayne has to take.
  And his brother or somebody, I don't know.
  I don't know who the chief is.
  Wayne and the chief, the chief.
  Not sure.
  Couldn't tell you crazy.
  I'm one day from retirement.
  If you invent one more cockamamie machine that I have to clean up the mess,  so he's a cop in this episode.
  The Linsky's a cop.
  You can't do it.
  I'm revoking your inventor badge.
  I've got you.
  I'm going to have your inventor badge and gun for this.
  Wow.
  Yes, to basically Wayne's.
  Lindsay has to be in a wrestling match.
  We in a robot suit to replace Brett, the hitman heart.
  This sounds like the best show I've ever not seen.
  It seems so good.
  It is, you know, there's a lot of talk about like what streamer has what  Disney plus does not have.
  I'm looking at doesn't they don't.
  I almost thought it was like one of the oddball things that they had that I  would have made fun of on Twitter or something.
  Now I realize that would have been very foolish and also they are the fools  because they haven't posted this incredible piece of science fiction on  their platform.
  The only way to see it is on Daily Motion, where the Wild West of content,  where it's all flip, it's like mirror affected, like it's reversed so that  they don't catch the copyright.
  Right.
  And on there, there is a scene that'll probably refresh it where I have to get  through like a Joe Rogan vape ad.
  I'm so no, it's Allegra.
  You won't be able to see it.
  So I'll just describe it.
  There is an episode where Wayne and his brother are, I'm not sure if the  brother is chief.
  I think, I think it's not.
  But Wayne and his brother are shrunken at a fast food restaurant and mistaken  for kids meal toys.
  And you might wonder, so is it like a McDonald's equivalent?  It's like McHappies or something.
  No, it's McDonald's.
  They use real McDonald's.
  McDonald's cooperated in the making of this.
  There's Big Mac.
  They land on top of giant Big Macs.
  There's a thing where they have to get to something that's across the  burger fryer.
  So they have to take ice cubes out of a soda and ski.
  Yes, essentially they have to, they use the natural fission of the melting of  the ice to like skate, extreme skate across a griddle.
  Wow.
  It's so good.
  I've, where has this show been all my life?  Yeah, really?  This is, this is crazier than any adult swim show where it's just like nonsense.
  Yeah.
  I know it's a dream of like, all right, so it's just a guy with like not just one  machine, but like 30 machines that make any plot in the universe possible.
  You just, all you gotta do is like bring it back to a family and a house and the  effects can't be that good.
  Whoa, no problem.
  Great.
  Better.
  Better with the effects of being worse.
  Wow.
  Um, so I don't know.
  I bring that all of just like go to daily motion.
  I'm by apologize for any viruses that you get while you're there.
  I've been checking out the show.
  If the video never finishes playing, like you never get through a full video,  that's a feature, not a bug.
  That's how the website operates.
  Yeah.
  Look, you're not going to come out of it with your social security number and your  identity, um, not thieved.
  Yeah.
  It's going to happen, but you're going to get to see.
  Winslensky skate on ice across a McDonald's official McDonald's.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  How much better is it that they like the branding in the attraction?  How much better is it that they went for that?  McDonald's participated.
  Man, I wonder if they go through the whole like, you know, the, the McDonald  brother system, the efficient system where it's like, you do this and you do  that, like they went around the whole mustard before mustard before this.
  No, the on you go clockwise with the onion machine, Darryl.
  They're running in or they're like, you know, running, trying to cross the  burger fryer and they're just like, well, the McDonald's brothers invented this,  but Ray Crocks sure perfected it.
  He was a real founder.
  You know, he was willing to franchise.
  That made all the difference.
  You know, you talk about, but that's sort of what I was looking into the show for  is like, well, were there other shrinking examples here because honey, I think the  kids is great and this attraction is great, but you are married to the  backyard, which is a very clever, cool setting.
  But I wanted to pose this question.
  Where, where else would you want to be?  I had the same question for you guys.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  We're thinking the same thing.
  Well, I think this might've taken, it might've provided me with an answer,  which is witnessing the McDonald's burger construction process and maybe  getting to like, could I just like dive into the cheese?  Could I swim around in it?  Could I just get like a splur to ketchup and get covered in it and see how that  fit you're playing with fire because you might get eaten, but if you, if you make  it out, okay, that's the problem with a lot of my answers, it would be like, it's  a deadly game you're playing because it would be like a factory, uh, like, you  know, the Mr.
 Rogers making of little film strips, crayons, candy.
  I would love to be, you know, immersed in like, uh, the, the Skittles thing where  they're shaking the Skittles up to make sure that the color gets stuck in there.
  Ooh, like a cheese it dusting.
  Oh yeah.
  Like the machine that's kind of shaking it around to make sure it all gets on  there.
  Even unwrapped.
  Yeah.
  Some of us are showing when it's like the, they're shaking around very  colorful candy or, uh, uh, delicious treats.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  But danger seems dangerous.
  You probably would get like killed by the juice pummeled to death with giant  Skittles.
  Yeah, I think so.
  And if you, if you didn't escape before the plastic wrapping stage, then you  probably suffocate in transit.
  Like you don't, you don't make it to the seven 11 you die on the flight.
  Yeah.
  Unfortunately.
  Uh, I guess if it was like in a less, uh, less scary area, like if you just had,  you know, 30, maybe too much, 30 gummy bears on the ground.
  Um, and then you were just like climbing all over the gummy bears.
  That would be fun.
  Cause that's soft.
  You wouldn't get so hurt.
  Man.
  You're gonna have a nibble to a gummy bear.
  You could have it.
  You certainly have a nibble.
  You could eat your way into its stomach.
  Yeah.
  Or its face.
  Oh yes.
  And then you could, I mean, that's also dangerous.
  You could get stuck inside potentially, but you'd eat your way out.
  Mm hmm.
  True.
  True.
  I just want to like sit in one's lap for a while.
  Maybe all you need is one gummy bear to hang out on.
  You'd have a pretty good time.
  I think.
  And I think you'd have a good, a good fun time.
  I mean, on his tummy.
  Can't you get sleep?  Jason, you have a little nap on his tummy.
  I mean, that sounds great.
  Yeah.
  I was going to say like a little, well, my mind first went to like pop up book,  like, like, you know, that has a little castle or house or something like that.
  But then I started thinking about like, you know, uh, I think this was kind of a  go-to in kids and movies for a while or something like you would be in the dolls.
  They would go in the dolls house or like the GI Joe headquarters or Wayne man or  the X-Men man, like whatever the kid's toy was.
  This is, this is the question I have that it does depend how small you are.
  Yeah.
  They're very small and honey.
  I shrunk the kids.
  Microscopically small.
  Right.
  They're riding on the back of the fly or the bee.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So they're so tiny.
  So even going into like your toys, it would be crazy.
  It would be like, oh, giant.
  But if you were like doll sized, now that's a whole different game.
  That's a little different because I am definitely hanging out with my toys.
  If I'm like doll sized, you can finally spend time with them.
  I'm not intimidated by you and your size.
  Yeah, I'm never coming back.
  It depends what scale I'm in.
  If I'm in a quarter scale, like my Rafael undercover NECA turtle, that's pretty big.
  That's kind of baby sized, but then I'm going to hang out with a different set of  toys versus, you know, the regular six inch scale action figure, like Marvel legends.
  Do you have to go, do you go with sort of the highlights?  Like you have an Adam West Batman behind you.
  Are you that size because those are kind of the more, uh, the detailed, like the  big ticket items or do you go with what you have more of and go with like Funko  pop slash, uh, Disney park stars?  So then you have lots of friends of your same size.
  Yeah, I think it's probably getting smaller because I have more figures that are  smaller, um, and all the figures are different scales and sizes, but I think  probably I would go with whatever I have vehicle, like whatever size I could fit  into the vehicles, because I have several batmobile, I have a 66 batmobile.
  That's about this big.
  I have the animated batmobile, which like this big.
  And if I could be whatever that six inch scale is, and I could get in that  batmobile and drive it around, I mean, someone would have to push it.
  It doesn't, it's not a motorized batmobile, but I feel like if I can hang  out, I just got a playset.
  I just got a Ninja turtle playset and that's not really a place.
  It's it's a diorama.
  That's what adult collectors do.
  They have dioramas not play sets, but I could hang out on the street with the  Ninja turtles in like a six inch scale.
  So yeah, it's like so, so perversely what you want.
  I feel like this is everything you want.
  Yeah, probably.
  I mean, would it, would it be the situation like, uh, on that Simpson  episode where crusties in the dollhouse with Malibu Stacy and he like comes home  to life with Malibu Stacy and I have like, I come home to rogue,  swinging Teddy bearer.
  Hey baby.
  Another day in the office coming home to you makes it all worthwhile.
  Head head falls off.
  Getting to bask in the shade of your umbrella, your parasol.
  And then I go to sleep in like a little napkin bed that I wanted for the  ghostbusters that my mom threw out.
  Fire hazard.
  Death.
  No, I know.
  Death is waiting for you.
  But as an adult, you're going to need Wayne Zelinski to find you,  bring you back from the, bring you back.
  Yeah.
  Kingdom of the dead.
  It is God powers.
  So yeah, could I live with my toys?  I love, yeah, that would be, that would be the dream scale.
  If I could choose how small I was going to be, I think like, so pulling up a  napkin blanket and saying like, good night, Venkman.
  That's a good night's spengler.
  Uh, I think I have recently bought are the reissues of all the old ghostbusters  that I had as a child, those real, the animated ones.
  And you also bought a pack of napkins.
  And I have napkins.
  They have not made a new firehouse, but I feel like it might be on the way.
  I feel like there might be a chance to fix history.
  Well, where are they going to hang out?  Otherwise they say, yeah, no, they, the, I have the, uh, Ecto one on preorder.
  So it's coming out soon.
  They, uh, they just reissued the monster.
  That's a toilet.
  I love that.
  I don't believe I had it, but I loved it.
  He's back.
  So you should get a toilet monster.
  I have amassed the weirdest collection of toys since you've  gotten me into some stuff.
  And it's just the weirdest assembly of.
  Listed for the people.
  I'm more, I don't know.
  Well, I was stacking up toys.
  You, I found toys that you had given me as a rearranging stuff over the years.
  And yeah, yeah.
  Let's fund the mutt Williams twice after he said,  I'm not right here.
  And I find a son Williams.
  You have a mutt Williams.
  Yeah.
  You have to separate the character from the actor.
  Sure.
  Uh, uh, Todd McFarlane, the Todd McFarlane action figure made by the McFarlane  toys, Todd, the bum, Todd, Todd, the artist, the artist.
  Okay.
  Uh, but next to your Duffer brothers, your Duffer brother Funko pops.
  Oh, did I buy?  I'm obsessed with this fact that like, yeah, I will give me those.
  Give me the behind the scenes creators of stranger things.
  Oh, I thought you were talking about the Boondock saints.
  I thought they had made a thing out of the guy from overnight.
  Uh, no, no, no, no.
  I'm a stranger.
  Things directors.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's toys of them.
  So mud McFarlane, uh, former wrestling, uh, manager characters, Zeb Coulter.
  Oh yeah.
  Right.
  He was a tea party guy with a big beard.
  All your toys are getting canceled.
  A lot of guys, toys that you're problematic.
  And then you did get me Gambit.
  You got me the he hasn't, yeah, he's fine.
  But it's fine.
  But your Linwood toy.
  Well, that that's not a toy.
  That's a Patriot.
  Mike Lindell toy.
  I got you seven years ago.
  Well, he's just a businessman.
  It's tiny little pillow.
  Not a fire hazard, not flammable.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  Hmm.
  Um, good lineup.
  I, is there, how about this?  Is there any, um, oh wait, I have another answer and it's also food, which is like,  I think if I could like land on top of a, um, like ice cream melting on top of a  brownie and just kind of like, you know, have fun in there until everything's  melted and, uh, and hopefully make a, a, um, you know, a safe escape.
  Not that there's hopefully not somebody there about to eat it, but just to like  sort of imagine like sliding down ice cream into a warm brownie.
  And then, you know, and you, and you could start eating it and, and, you know,  like you would have consumed 0.
5% of it.
  And yet you'd be so full just bursting at the same.
  You'd be soaking wet with ice cream.
  You'd be just head to toe soaking, dripping in ice cream.
  I'm not usually about the wetness, but in this case, I mean, that sounds  take the cherry and just like, wave it around like, like a victorious,  after a, after a sports victory.
  Big ball and chain.
  I hope Wayne's Alinsky has like a little, uh, pool or not pool, uh, like a little  fish aquarium net to pick me up.
  Cause I'm going to have a full tummy after that outing.
  I love an ice cream brownie.
  Doesn't that sound nice?  Yeah.
  It's like, yeah, just swimming in a brownie.
  Like a Pazuki too.
  Or Pazuki.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We have watching up close that process of it, but going from a hard dessert to a  soft dessert and just being, being part of it, the aromas would be so much more  intense because you're in the thick of it.
  Some of it, you have to be careful because some pockets, like a hot chocolate  chip melting might be piping hot.
  That might be like, that might scold you.
  That could kill you.
  It might.
  Yeah.
  Now that I think about it, maybe Pazuki's too, maybe chocolate chips.
  You can't have any part of, because those are like, those are like landmines.
  Yeah.
  Step on one and you're done.
  You know what I'd also like to do is go get shrunken, get in a  pneumatic tube at the bank.
  That's a good one.
  That's a really good one.
  Ooh.
  Yeah.
  It's like Tim, maybe like grab a hold of the wall and then go through the, go do it.
  I don't know where you can even do that anymore.
  Well, some of the CVS is still have them.
  And let me just say they have not kept them up very well.
  Okay.
  Wood, Scott, would you do that?  What are you too afraid to do that?  Is that like a launch?  Yeah.
  Is that, it is a launch.
  I'm a no pneumatic queen.
  Um, I'm not sure.
  Yeah, that does sound a little scary, but it also sounds like the big, you  know, the Futurama tubes.
  Yeah, that's true.
  That sounds, it does seem kind of fun.
  I'd like to maybe, if you could be like in a, um, like a little marble, like a  miniature, um, Jurassic world gyrosphere.
  And you know, those machines at the mall, not machines, but the, like, whatever,  the, the things at the mall where a penny goes around and around until it gets to  the bottom, if you could do that, be impossible to do it on a penny.
  Unless you're in some sort of like wheel, like a American gladiators kind of  thing, if I could do that effect, like spiraling and spiraling, I'd probably get  very dizzy and that end would be pretty intense, like just whips and whips, but  it seems like fun to do from a small perspective, like a drop slide at the end  where you just like sink eventually.
  It would be, it would be scary.
  Yeah.
  I might, I might barf through the entire, that might be sort of jackass, like  throwing up in a, uh, in a porta potty.
  Oh man.
  There's so many good things to do when you're shrunk.
  I'd rather maybe the jackass guys get shrunk than, than me.
  They'd be more creative.
  They'd think of all kinds of great stuff.
  Yeah.
  I think they're after this next one.
  I think they're done.
  They're getting a little old.
  Well, they, then they gotta, if this is, they gotta go out strong.
  They have to find a shrinking ray.
  Yeah.
  Do it all small micro jackass.
  And they like, cause that, you know, there's always like body functions involved,  but they could like get shit at, they could be in shit and go through a body.
  Oh man.
  What a good idea.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Micro jackass.
  They get swallowed alive.
  They don't get somehow, don't get killed by stomach acid.
  Uh, yeah, they'd maybe have to enter.
  Um, they'd have to put a, they'd have to have like a suit on, like a hazmat suit.
  It would probably be bad for the person.
  Yeah.
  Although, hmm, there's gotta be a way to do it.
  You would have maybe like put them in like a little capsule or something or whatever  that camera they can put inside, you know, you know how they have cameras now where  you can swallow it.
  Oh yeah.
  Or a camera for like a rectal exam.
  That's what they should do.
  They should go into a camera that checks your colon.
  They can check up your butt.
  They can check through your pee hole.
  They can do a lot of different things.
  So, and however they protect them, it can be a three camera shoot in there.
  When they get resized, they should immediately be brought back to normal human  size and then get smacked by the giant hand.
  Of course.
  The giant swinging hand is one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
  The giant hallway hand.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That happens at the, at the end of like going through the banal cavity.
  There's a big hand waiting for them.
  I'm Johnny Knoxville and this is the colon cancer screening.
  There's a big profile of him in GQ recently.
  I don't know if they touch on the shrinking.
  God damn.
  They haven't revealed if they've invented a shrinking rate for the new movie.
  No, but Johnny Knoxville did let his hair grow white and I think it looks good.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  That's, that's a mind blow.
  It is.
  Johnny Knoxville looks old.
  I gotta see this now.
  Um, I'd like to get my, I'd like to be microscopic and Johnny Knoxville's new  white hair run around.
  So it's like, um, all right.
  Well, anything else to say about all this or about shrinking anywhere you'd like to  be, what's the way, how do we, how do we go?  I have one last thing I really liked about the attraction and that is when exiting  this big that's a wrap, thanks for playing a sign, the film clapper sign as a kid.
  Again, probably just hours spent at Disney MGM studios.
  I loved film clappers.
  I was always, I had at least one or two little toy ones or like  souvenir ones and stuff.
  Uh, I, I was not crazy as about as a kid when I would see behind the  scene stuff and like, Ooh, they're, they switched to a digital one.
  I liked the black and white one with the chalk.
  Chalk.
  Yeah.
  Tactile right on it.
  Um, yeah, I think I must've had, uh, clapboards from places.
  Did I?  Yeah, maybe I had one.
  Correct.
  Is that the prompt?  That's the proper term.
  Yeah.
  Um, I just bought one for a practical riff or like I actually needed it.
  I needed to sync sound.
  And I was like, wow, I've never had to like actually have one.
  Um, it's so satisfying to do.
  Yes.
  One of those it's, it's much more satisfying than like, all right,  everyone, everyone clap.
  Yeah.
  The, the non theme park souvenir ones have a little magnet in it.
  They're really like drag together and that's very, that, that like  makes it go at super speed.
  Yeah.
  When you let it go and that, that magnet hits, right.
  You can get, you get a little aggression out every time you do it, do a big clap.
  It feels really good.
  Wow.
  I mean, that's a little stress relief for you at home.
  Get a clapboard.
  It's like get a clapboard fidget spinner.
  It's like new cause a clapboard.
  Yeah.
  Recommended.
  I do respect though, the people on set who actually do have to do those things  and can do it with like two finger, like they're like barely holding onto the  clapboard and they can like do it, holding it with half their hands.
  Oh, slide it in where, cause there's barely room for once.
  And as they have to use a mini one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like getting it into the frame is a real challenge.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah.
  Well, here's to the clappers.
  You make movies possible.
  It's the funnest movie toy, almost as fun as a day at the honey.
  I strength the kids movie set adventure.
  Which is they were the big megaphone thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The rectors used to use.
  Oh, well we want that back.
  Yeah.
  Well with the, yeah, it comes with the ascot and the Jod hoppers or whatever.
  Hey, oh, just to follow up from the beginning of the show, it's a Peppy is  the name of the wise owl and the young lady on the UTS bag is Sally UTS.
  And happy and Peppy the owl and Sally UTS.
  What were the three companies again?  Uh, well, wise UTS and hers.
  Okay.
  How many potato chip companies can you name off the top of your head?  Uh, I don't know.
  Wise, it's hers.
  Lays Pringles.
  Are you counting Pringles?  Yeah, sure.
  Pringles.
  Fritos.
  That's six.
  I'm sure there's plenty I'm missing.
  Yeah.
  Ruffles is probably in there.
  Um, who makes those kettle chip ones?  I don't know.
  You gotta get into the Hawaii area.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, zaps zaps real good.
  Do potato crisps count?  Because if so, yeah, there's a good friend of ours that hasn't been mentioned.
  That's right.
  Oh, Mr.
  Tato.
  There you go.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Um, there's so yeah, we, Hey, there's potato friends all over the world.
  That's right.
  International potato.
  Not just in the Pennsylvania area.
  Um, well, uh, Hey, I guess, um, uh, that's a wrap.
  Thanks for playing.
  Uh, you survived.
  If I'd guess the ride, the second gate, uh, keep tuned here to, I guess, read  the second gate for three bonus episodes every month.
  Um, and, um, well, uh, what else?  Um, uh, are you all right?  I know I'm not, I'm blanking.
  We don't have to have anything else.
  Yeah.
  I feel the pressure to have another one more way to go out, but then you don't,  that's a made up piece of the format.
  I was trying to remember in the, during the, uh, downtown Disney ordeal, did  someone shrink and climb up Mike Mitchell's urethra?  I think so.
  When he was possessed by, uh, one of the owners, which I can't think of who it was.
  We blocked it.
  So much has happened since then.
  So much happened during that.
  We went from one traumatic period, the downtown Disney ordeal,  right into a pandemic.
  Hard to say which was worse.
  Yeah.
  Hard to say.
  Hard to say.
  More impactful on the world.
  Um, but anyway, I don't know.
  I, that's a thought I had.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't feel satisfying as far as a way to end it.
  I think it's a totally, yeah.
  Just shout out to Mike Mitchell's urethra.
  We should end every episode saying that.
  Yeah.
  And go see tomorrow war.
  Tomorrow war.
  Yeah.
  Mike Mitchell's urethra.
  It's covered in clothes, but Mike Mitchell's urethra is in the movie.
  It does appear.
  Yeah.
  It's probably, there's probably some pervert urethra site that like clocks  actors, urethras, but Wiki, your wiki, your e-thra.
  Thanks for listening.
  Let's get out of here.
  I don't know.
  I think we have about five minutes more on wiki.
  Your either.
