 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome, welcome, one and all to Podcast the Ride the Second Gate.
 Mike immediately has  to turn down the levels because he didn't know I was going to.
.
.
  Actually, I turned them up.
  Turn them up? What? Oh, oh, geez.
 So do I need to do it louder then?  No, well, if you want to.
  Welcome.
 I'm coming in with that 70s Mouseketeer energy to podcast the Ride the Second Gate  to talk about the Mouseketeers, go to Disney World.
 Let's just all say our names, just  the first name Mouseketeers style.
 Scott.
  Mike.
  Michael.
  Jason.
  That's great.
 It saves you a lot of work to not say the second name.
 And as the Mouseketeers  teach us, who cares? We say them every week.
 People don't want to know.
 I don't know Cubby's  last name.
 I just know Cubby.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I don't know Nita's last name.
  I don't know Nita's.
 Actually, I did look up Nita's last name.
 I don't know.
 No one  knows Annette's last name.
 There's no way to know.
 No one knows.
  Yeah.
 A lot of people have been hunting for it for years, but no one's found it yet.
  It's a very pre-internet thing and nobody's bothered to put it on in the intervening years,  so we can't know.
  What's important to mention is that this is another installment of our semi-regular series  plus us up.
  Semi-regular.
  And of course, the plus, as we learned in today's special, plus usually means pudding.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 In this case, it's not just Disney.
 Well, yeah, we've got more pluses today.
  Was pudding the element in the commercial?  Yes.
 Pudding is the element.
 It is the plus.
  I know what you meant.
 I wrote it down, but I actually missed that it was pudding.
  It is a good, yeah, if you add pudding to cake, it makes it smoother and creamier.
  Great tease for later for the episode.
  Yeah.
 What are the high points of the episode? That secret in general.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Oh, and the repartee between the mother and daughter.
  Oh, yes.
  No, that's a blast.
  Yeah.
 And we went to the audience to see what the audience wanted us to watch.
 And as usual,  the audience decided to punish us.
 They decided to make us watch something that I guess I  shouldn't say punish, but they didn't give us an easy.
 It wasn't like, hey, watch, watch  Phantom Menace, which is something I would do weekly if I could.
  It says you.
  Yeah.
  This is.
 I know.
 Jason would watch Phantom Menace once a week.
 He doesn't care.
  I don't know about once a week.
 I think once a month.
  Once a month.
 That's fine.
 Yeah.
 But that's a little more of an easy assignment.
  Yeah.
  How are we going to we're so out of step with this scene of comedy podcasters.
 We're part of  Do Watch Phantom Menace.
  Weekly.
  Probably twice a week.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Right.
  Every day they protest watch it instead of Mandalorian.
  Right.
  When Mandalorian's airing.
  Yeah, that's true.
 I mean, we're not completely in that zone yet, but.
  Not quite.
 But you're right.
 That is.
 I forget that that's on Disney Plus.
 There's so much that  you forget is on Disney Plus.
 Yes.
 As we said, we put out the assignment on Twitter is just find  something bizarre for us to watch on Disney Plus.
 Not that it has to be.
 People could say  watch something fun and nice.
 Yeah.
 What would be the fun in that?  Yes.
 I get it.
 That it's more fun to make us watch something weird like this.
 But yeah,  you could one of these days just like we could watch, I don't know, Little Mermaid or something.
  Just watch.
 Yeah.
 And you know what I liked about it is that it was good.
  Yeah.
 Did you know the songs are really good in the Little Mermaid? Like, and then we'll just talk.
  I remember when I saw it when I was a kid, I thought it was so good.
  And it's like still good.
 That's what is nice about it.
 We've said this before,  though, if the podcast was that we'd be like 10 times more popular, I think.
  I don't know.
 We went on this ride and it was good.
  That is.
 But don't you think that's what makes us the counter to maybe a lot of.
  Yeah, but the people who listen now wouldn't be listening.
 And then a whole larger audience  would be listening.
 So like these positive boys are so nice.
 Yes.
 Don't curse.
 And they just love  going to the parks.
 Yeah.
 But we would also have there be one thing we would have to say that is  not good, which is PC culture and vaults vision.
 We would have to hit that well so often to retain  the other audience.
 That's true.
 Would it be we'd have to change who we are? We would be.
  We would be multimillionaires at this point if we had gone that route, I think.
  But we had to be ourselves.
 We're just being ourselves.
 So authentic and too real.
 We're  too real is really the problem.
 Yeah.
 So that you say this is unpleasant, but remember that the  last week, there's only the second time we've we've done this, told the audience to make us  watch something on Disney Plus.
 And the first time was fuzz.
 But yes, yes.
 Which both of these are  from magical world or wonderful world of Disney, sort of like not full length presentations,  not full length movies and fuzz bucket, which if you missed that episode, he's like just like a  weird gnome creature.
 A little turd.
 Yes, that's right.
 A little hairy turd who and I didn't bother  to look up what it was.
 But in my head, the things that he says are like, what's up? Let's let's suck  party boy.
 It is part first book.
 It wants to suck my party boy man.
 I don't think the first part is  correct.
 I believe like that, though it is close.
 I think he says it wants that good love from boys.
  I swear one of the things I said is what fuzz bucket says that is certainly the energy.
  And I'm not even going to say it's like not the right like it's not the right message.
 It just  might not be verbatim.
 The words.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's something that made physical that  made me uncomfortable.
 He wants.
 I mean, he fuzz bucket makes the kid kiss him a couple times.
 I  feel like.
 Yeah, see, we're getting close.
 Give me a kiss.
 Like, and then he does call him party boy.
  I think.
 Yeah, he definitely calls him party boy.
 Give me long kiss party boy.
 Those parts don't go  together and maybe he doesn't say long.
 Yeah, I don't think.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But fuzz buckets  always the character I point to when you accuse me of trolling about a character I think is cute  because I go, I did not like fuzz bucket, so I'm not blanket trolling.
 Yeah.
 You know.
 Yeah.
 There  are pieces of it.
 He's so unpleasant.
 Yeah.
 Again, being yourself.
 We are.
 I'm being authentic.
 Yeah.
  Fuzz bucket and his gang of perverts, his little turd pervert.
 Yeah.
 When you meet his friends,  they're horrible.
 Oh my God.
 But this is so much better than.
 Yeah, for sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean,  since America sings, like I said on a previous episode, everything seems like a blessing.
  I got it.
 I think though you hated America sings more than you've hated, like anything we've ever  talked about on the show.
 You were given.
 I mean, we don't have us liked it, but you were like,  you just, you just had red eyes.
 I feel I was really, yeah, I was mad at that.
 I, cause I just  thought I thought going in, I would at least be like pleasantly bemused.
 I just found it so  like.
 Betrayed.
 Yeah.
 Unpleasant from the start.
 I, this, this one, the, the Mascoteers go to  Walt Disney World.
 I did watch last year.
 When it came out.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I voluntarily watched this.
  Yes.
 Kind of sleepily like watch it.
 So I didn't really like remember a ton about it.
 And there  is like the very first thing you see them, you go like, Oh, okay.
 Well, that's a product of it's time,  but then it kind of quickly redeems itself.
 Wait, there's something up.
 There's a problem.
  What's the problem? It's immediately singing Zip-a-dee-doo.
 Oh, God.
 Oh, God.
 Yeah.
 That's  just everything up until five years ago.
 And I saw, I read one review of this special where it was  like, uh, the film around this time period, the film would go on to be rereleased in theaters twice  after this came out.
 So it was on in South.
 You mean? Yes.
 Yeah.
 Cause it's 77.
 Yeah.
 It's 77.
  Yeah.
 That was getting around.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Um, but, uh, yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, at least they don't,  they didn't sing a lot of the lyrics though.
 That is that help that they're going like,  dude, dude, dude, boy, is that a weird part? Yeah.
 Why boy is that unnerving? I think Lindsay wanted  in the room for that and she goes, what, what is why? Yeah.
 They're like, just like, yeah,  they're like scatting over it.
 It's strange.
 Um, yeah, let's, to say some, some basics about this.
  So this was a special from the wonderful world of Disney.
 Uh, it aired November 20th, 1977,  a little bit of a pop culture context for that week, that very week that this aired, uh, was the  release of the Saturday night fever soundtrack.
 Wow.
 The release of close encounters of the third  kind.
 Uh, and the most importantly, the final Al Cap written edition of little Abner.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This is a historical week.
 So much happened November 77.
 Um, and yeah, well, we'll judge,  does this hold up against the other iconic pop culture of the time? Um, the, so all right,  it's the Mouseketeers going to Disney world.
 And when the special begins, my first question is,  who are you Mouseketeers? I don't know any of you.
 I don't know about this version of the Mouseketeers  whatsoever.
 So this version of Mouseketeers aired in syndication for like two years.
 Okay.
 And this  special is the oddball that aired on like, you know, on broadcast on the wonderful world at Disney.
  Okay.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 Otherwise.
 So that's not being kept up in the vault.
 Like maybe there's no clean  copies of that thing.
 That's sort of being cranked out and it's a weird local stations and nobody  cares.
 Yeah.
 There's gotta be something.
 It's gotta exist somewhere.
 It's on YouTube a little  bit.
 I flipped through and didn't really retain anything enough to bring it to the table here.
  But yeah, it's, uh, it's, it's, it's odd because now that brings it to three Mickey Mouse clubs  all told in the fifties.
 One is extremely iconic and the nineties one produced all the biggest  stars in the world.
 Um, so the 77 one is really, uh, pulling up the rear in that like it did not  really have a lot of pop culture.
 It would be something if it was like, oh, you know what?  We did the Mouseketeers in the seventies and it kind of faded out and that was it.
 Obviously  nothing was going to capture the magic, like the original group, but then there was another  successful group and then you would be real.
 I feel like you would be really like, God damn it.
  If you were one of the seventies ones.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Like you were like, well, there was no  way it would ever work again.
 And then it worked and produced pop worldwide.
 Star, bigger stars,  bigger stars, Cubby and Annette decades long relevant.
 And that has a great singing career  that we will go out of our last name is we'll get to.
 I promise.
 But this, this club did produce  one notable, some of the kids went on to act in other things.
 They did stuff.
 The most notable  being Lisa Welchel, who was Blair on the facts of life.
 Yes.
 So there's that facts of life  person, but then you compare it.
 If that's the biggest star, right? You know, we are not, uh,  currently this year, uh, super obsessed with every detail of a crooked legal conservatorship  of a Lisa Welchel.
 That's true.
 Quite the same level of fame.
 Right.
 Um, but I mean, that's  obviously the people had careers.
 I'm just saying the less people in crooked legal conservatorships.
  Yeah.
 As far as we know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You don't know.
 Honestly, I didn't look that hard.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Um, I'm not sure there could be tons more of those.
 I didn't realize I wasn't on the lookout  for that word, but that's exactly what was up with Brian Wilson as Dan Eugene Landy and right.
  Yes.
 In that movie.
 And it all fell apart because Landy put himself as the, like,  he gets everything in the will.
 And that was finally the point where it became legal.
 All right.
  That one you can't do.
 This guy's gone.
 Songwriting credit too.
 Yeah.
 Well, he did just write  songs that he wrote.
 Yeah.
 Like horrendous songs.
 Yeah.
 I was the rap song with the lyric,  my name is Brian and I'm the man.
 I hit songs with the wave of my hand.
 Oh my God.
  I really like, I think not written by him because why else would he rap if this mean doctor wasn't  peeling him up to make him do it? Is there like an, is there a beach boys podcast you could do?  I mean, I could think it was the one thing you guys, I think for you guys, it's Marvel or maybe  a bunch of other things.
 I'm like, I think I could just kind of improvise the beach boys podcast.
  It would probably be a good outlet to do it so that I'm not just doing it out loud to my wife,  who does not like them and does not want to hear these facts ever.
 Like you should record it like  3 a.
m.
 alone.
 It should just be you an hour alone.
 Yeah.
 Rambling, whatever like new thing you learned  that week.
 This is Aaron's dream.
 It's not a bad idea.
 There's a lot of beach boys fans out there.
  I bet you could even get like slots on like classic rock radio at like three a.
m.
 Like not for you.
  You wouldn't, you could still record it at home.
 You could just syndicate it with them.
  Little Steven, little Steven would like pick the show up or something.
 Yeah.
 Put it on underground.
  I'm not even joking.
 I mean, maybe not little Steven.
 Beach boy, boy.
 Yeah.
  The beach boy, boy coming up next art bell, a 30 year old art bell episode.
 I would be,  I'd be so honored.
 Yeah.
 To be in the same league.
 I do remember like when I first got my driver's  license, like driving home from a very late movie and like just kind of scrolling through the radio  and discovering like an old art bell episode.
 I was like, what is this? This feels like.
  They're old ones.
 He's still around, right? He like hosts concerts and stuff.
 Yeah.
 I think so.
  Um, but, uh, yeah, beach boy, boy will be its own thing.
 We will silo that into, into something else.
  And maybe five current listeners will follow me to it.
 I'll come over.
 Yeah.
 Classic rock  audience.
 There'll be people who were like, can't sleep.
 People who were having, uh, like the aches  and pains in the evening and wake up and put on the radio.
 The problem is, is that the age of the  average audience member who would be interested, they don't know how to work a phone.
 They don't  know how to get a podcast.
 Yeah.
 There's a little barrier of entry, which is why Jason's idea of  putting it on a maybe terrestrial, terrestrial radio or satellite would be, would be the way to  go to.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's probably where you're pretty good.
 We'll get a lot of truckers, a lot  of truckers can't fit all of their beach boys CDs in there.
 Right.
 And you have to go in, you know  what? You won't be able to record it.
 You all have to go into a studio and do it at 2 AM somewhere.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
 It's one of those.
 Yeah.
 For some reason it's still happening.
 Yeah.
 It's like right  after Rodney on the Rock.
 Rodney's going long again.
 Rodney shuffles out.
 He's playing a B side  with go-gos or something and you have to wait for him.
 He passed away, didn't he? Rodney? No.
  I don't think so.
 Rodney on the Rock died, I believe.
 No, Rodney's alive.
 But I, I'm taking,  it's Scotty on the Rock now.
 All beach boys all the time.
 If Rodney died and I didn't know,  it would be shocking.
 I am pretty sure.
 What? Oh wait, no, I know I am wrong.
 I'm incorrect.
 Wow.
  Rodney's alive.
 Was it just that the show went off the air? I think the show went off.
 Wow.
  It was like a slow bleed off the air that he was, he was on nightly.
 Then they put him on Sunday  nights for like an hour.
 Okay.
 And then maybe it's fully gone.
 Um, well I feel ashamed then.
  This is one thing I can't say my trivia about.
 Yeah.
 But I can say my trivia about this.
 The  other one that's a little notable, the one of the Masketeers is Mindy Feldman, who's Corey Feldman's  sister.
 Right.
 The fellow Feldman.
 And then the other ones are notable for, actually,  well I was trying to find out information about some of the other, these other Masketeers and I  ended up on the website, the track specifically, the 70s Masketeers, which is of course, discomice.
com.
  Yes, I saw discomice.
 And it points out all of them and I'm on a page that you click on the tab  mice and then you click on a few of them and nothing comes up.
 And like what's happening here  and then you go to the bottom and see the caption on this website.
 Someday each mouse will have  their own page on this site.
 Someday.
 And the website I assume was not made yesterday.
  I don't know.
 It seems like it migrated over from a GeoCities if I'm tracking the last  20 years of developments of discomice.
 I don't know.
 I don't know what you're waiting for,  guys.
 Now's the time.
 People need to know about Pop.
 That's the most unusually named one in this  group, Pop.
 It's kind of confusing when you hear his name in the special.
 You hear like  Poppin Todd and you're like, is his name Poppin Todd? Is it a Poppin Fresh situation? Right.
  You don't expect some kid to be Pop.
 I love the name Pop though.
 That is a really good kid show  nickname.
 And then before we get into the events of the special, I felt like pretty popular.
 It got  like a pretty good Pop when it came out.
 I think largely off of the strength of there being period  commercials included on Disney Plus.
 Is that an accident? I don't know.
 I don't know.
 That's never  the case.
 How are they allowed to do it? Some of them are big brands.
 How are they allowed to show  this Coke commercial? I think it's an accident.
 Maybe.
 But I could be wrong.
 But how could there  be an accident on Disney Plus? It's maybe the one streamer that is curated because they're making  a point of getting rid of like when somebody smokes or says the word gay or something.
 They're  specifically eliminating all kinds of things.
 They have to blur out Fuzzbucket's penis.
  They're very careful.
 It was a choice clearly to leave it in.
 I also used to work at a place that  had a lot of old tape archives and stuff.
 And most of those masters just had what are called  commercial blacks, which are like 10 seconds of black that you just like, that's where you on  another player would play the commercials.
 And then you go back to your player for the broadcast.
  So they must have dug out a master that had the commercials in it.
 Why would they be baked in?  Right.
 Interesting.
 Shake and baked in.
 I think that Jason's right.
 The master, whatever recording  had the whole thing and someone just went, put it up.
 They knew about it, putting it up, I think.
  But I think there was like, we don't want to edit.
 Which I am interested in that there's a  YouTube account I started following that has like full blocks of program, like Saturday morning Fox  kids, Saturday morning W kids WB or like four hours of Nickelodeon with shows and commercials.
  And I'm like, oh, this is, this is kind of more fun.
 100% more fun.
 Yeah.
 If that exists,  you find your old tape where, you know, like I specifically think of it with like the rank  and best specials, Frosty the snowman, how the commercials that were part of that are as much  part of the experience as the special itself.
 Yeah, for sure.
 Did you guys have like a handful  of tapes that you would use to tape everything you were obsessed with or? Oh yeah.
 I had like  tapes that said like Simpsons, then it was crossed out and it was said Power Rangers on it or X-Men.
  And I would tape this and then eventually like they all have just like 1995 SNLs on them.
 Yeah,  I do have some VHSs with SNL for sure.
 It was like we used to tape the sim, like we would tape  everything and then I've taped over these tapes like a hundred times.
 Oh, even in high school,  I would tape the daily show.
 Like I just had like a blurry daily show tape because I would just  record it like so much.
 Yeah.
 Well, I would hit, I'd have, I'd do SNL overnight and then try to  wake up before church and watch as much of it as I could.
 Oh sure.
 And then the rest of church,  I'd just be thinking about like, but what was the, I mean, they look, they have to have done  mango again.
 That was a big hit the last time Garth Brooks was on.
  Not focusing on your religious studies and your, yeah.
 No, I admit it.
 I will confess this sin.
  You were fantasizing about mango like what happened in the sketch.
  I miss you.
 You're in church, you're a little boy in church and there's a mango in the,  like the thought bubble.
 Monsignor Loftus is morphing into  mango.
 He's shaking his butt at you and you're like zoned out of church.
  Like, yeah, the way, hey, Scott, when the whole church said, amen, why'd you just, just you say  mango.
 Yeah.
 How? No, it's not that I'm attracted to him.
 It's that I like it for comedic purposes.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Great.
 Sketch craft.
 I love this.
 Deacon Zebly turned to shake your hand and he said,  peace be with you.
 And you said, what is love? You're so, I think that also bumped him.
 You,  me, you, you mean.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well this, I mean, it makes this special so fantastic that it's,  it's like hurricanes to that.
 I mean, I wish there was more on Disney plus in this area.
  I wish there was more.
 It's still we've Disney plus has been with us for a while now.
 And I  don't think that the parks content has gotten significantly better.
 Now there's the show  coming.
 I forget the details of the show or what it's called.
 I believe Padgett Brewster is the  narrator.
 The rock is involved.
 Oh, that's right.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Um, I mean, that'll be good.
 But again,  as I said on Twitter, I mean, they're just going to blow through all the, they're just going to do  space mountain.
 They're just going to do pirates, but when are they going to, they're not going to  take a week.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They're not going to do any other fun.
 Yeah.
 They're not  going to, what are you, what are you talking about? Yeah.
 Right.
 So they're blow.
 Yeah.
 They're  going to blow this opportunity.
 I guess we'll talk about that when it comes out.
 We'll see,  we'll see how much content we, I mean, we could, could get a lot of content out of it, but  maybe we'll do an episode.
 If we give our feelings, it feels, yeah, it feels quicker thrown to get  like the imaginary story felt like it took years to make.
 That was just such a massive, yeah.
 Yeah.
  A massive undertaking.
 So if you're comparing that, I mean, yes, it's quicker than that, but right.
  But you can, they can pull something together.
 Oh, sure.
 I don't know how long the production  is last.
 Jason's bailing on it now.
 This slap dash effort.
 They, well, it does the announcements.
  I feel like they built up the imaginary story so much.
 And this, I feel like there, we don't  know when they started making it.
 They could have started making it three years ago.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They've been making that joke.
 I'm not going to judge the makers of, uh, uh, the pageant  Brewster didn't even get out of bed.
 Oh, I like her a lot.
 She does a lot of great, uh, great parts  on the thrilling adventure hour.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The rock, how many cheat meals did the rock eat  during the production of this? Oh, sure.
 His big location scouting.
 So we'll see.
 So this let's, uh,  the things that happen in this.
 And are we going to mostly talk about the commercials? Very  possibly.
 Very possibly.
 I have a lot about the adults, but, uh, we can circle back around to them  later.
 Well, let's wait, Eddie, I don't think we have to tell the story of the special, but over here,  I'll say it really fast.
 Yeah.
 The musketeers go to Disney world to perform and they get sad and mad  at each other.
 That's this.
 They've got so sad.
 This is a commercial for Disney world and this  amount of tears in this sadness is, is crazy.
 Mixed with the lack of focus on the, the attractions,  like they're certainly in the mix.
 You see stuff, but it's like, Oh, Disney world, finally a place  to go play pinball and tennis and camp.
 You ruined it.
 You ruined camping.
 Now we're too upset to play  tennis.
 So sad.
 Very odd.
 So you would Disney world.
 They are behaving like actual children  though.
 I have to give them credit for that kind of like bite it back, bite it and calling each  other turkey and stupid, stupid.
 Yeah.
 You can tell there's a part where they just have to improvise  and just call each other Turkey and stupid.
 And they just kind of exchange like you Turkey.
 No,  you're stupid.
 Well, you're you stupid Turkey.
 Yeah.
 Well, you're the Turkey.
 You're the stupid.
  It's probably, yeah, that's probably a good idea.
 Like kids improvise insults against each other.
  Yeah.
 That's probably good for everyone.
 Self-esteem.
 Now do the not profane take.
  It is.
 So I mean it was 77.
 So you look at the marketing material at that time,  they really were pushing like come to this resort, do resort activities.
 There is a theme park.
 Yes.
  But there's, there is a sailing, there's, you know, paragliding or whatever.
 There's little  camp.
 This is vacation kingdom.
 Yeah.
 See a supper club show, see a cabaret show at the California  grill.
 You know, shopping shop, talk to boys, talk to much older boys, much older boys.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 That was, yeah.
 That's weird.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Twice your age bull cut boys that when they played  like some weird, like sexy music too.
 And then Lindsay was in the kitchen.
 She goes, are they  playing sexy music? I go, yeah, it's something weird going on.
 You don't even want to see.
 Yeah.
  Older boy that these 12 year olds are talking to these.
 Mascot tears are also, uh, do much  bigger hair, very big hair on most of them.
 Uh, it is the seventies and these children, uh,  the appeared all be using SPF to suntan lotion.
 Cause they're all very tanned.
 Uh, I feel like,  yeah, that's a very seventies.
 Yeah.
 You're supposed to be outside.
 Yeah.
 You gotta be outside.
 And,  yeah, it's, and yeah, they're, they're talking to much, much older boys.
 Also the one goes into like  their manager's hotel room and like a towel and has like a full conversation with him.
  That's a really strange.
 Yeah.
 Really strange as well.
 Yeah.
 Very upsetting part.
 Um, the, so the,  yeah, we know the, the, the Mascot tears, it's all like going to culminate in a big performance, but  various, uh, riffs and rouse form between the Mascot tears.
 So will they make the big performance  and the people kind of keeping them on track, I guess, are their, their handlers for this episode  who are not typically part of the mic, the, the, this Mickey Mouse club show.
 Um, so the, I don't,  I don't think I have the character names.
 I have them.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So their manager is named Mr.
  Brown and he's played by an actor named Ronnie show.
 And then there's a reporter, uh, I believe  it is from, uh, Everglades monthly Everglades magazine, Everglades magazine.
 Yeah.
 Um,  initially kind of confrontational that kind of goes away in about five minutes.
 That character's  name is miss Osborne and she's played by Joanne Worley famous, uh, for her role on a Martin and  Rowan's laugh.
 Then yes, I don't know why you switched the names, but yes, what is it? A Rowan  and Martin, right? I always thought it was Martin and Rowan's.
 No, I think it's Rowan and Martin.
  Cause I think you're thinking Martin and Lewis maybe, but I could be wrong in this one too,  just like Ronnie on the rock.
 Uh, anyway, but basically,  yeah, Scott's right.
 Oh, okay.
 All right.
 I made up for the last one.
 I think you're thinking of  Martin and Lewis.
 I'm probably thinking now.
 Yeah.
 Um, basically if you were on laughing,  you could just work forever.
 You know, you're not as big a star as necessarily as like a Goldie  Hawn per se, but I, a lot of them went on to very successful careers.
 Somebody's on Sesame street,  right? Was Ruth Buzzi on Sesame street? Oh, she was on yes.
 She's on Twitter now.
  Follow Ruth on Twitter.
 How about that? The, uh, the other guy, uh, Ronnie shell, um, is on,  I was like, what's his deal? What's he from? He's a Gomer pile is one of them.
 Yes.
 And, uh,  he's still around and he is on cameo.
 If you want to cameo, wait, here's a little, here's a little,  the mini, uh, sooner smack down, uh, uh, cameo, uh, cock fight.
 Great.
 Uh, it's a cameo cock  fight.
 How much do you think Ronnie shells going for? Uh, uh, $65 Jason.
 Um, I will say  $50.
 Uh, Mike takes it 95.
 95.
 Really? Um, only one review though.
 So you don't really know what  you're getting.
 I don't know how many people have, uh, done the Ronnie shell reach out.
  It's like, I can't, uh, exhibit, I can't endorse it, but any big mask, it's here's the Disney  world fans out there.
 Hit them up.
 Yeah.
 Here's what I found out.
 Uh, Ronnie shell had his own  sitcom for a season called a good morning world.
 Okay.
 Um, this, uh, like a lot of things free to  watch this whole season on the Roku channel.
 Good morning world.
 Uh, in the supporting role,  already mentioned, um, Goldie Hawn is a character in this show.
 Uh, uh, co-creator credit,  Carl Reiner, and a writing credit, uh, from James L.
 Brooks, James L.
 Brooks, Ronnie shell also,  uh, he is the voice of the mayor on recess, ABCs, Disney ABCs recess.
 Really? And, uh,  the weirdest credit I could find for him.
 This is on his Wikipedia.
 It was listed shell was the  comedy advisor to Richard Dreyfus in the 2019 Netflix movie, the last laugh, which is about  Richard Dreyfus and Chevy chase doing one last tour.
 Uh, uh, drug chase is Dreyfus is manager.
  Dreyfus is an agent comedian.
 And I did not, I'm still not a hundred percent sure this movie is  real.
 Yeah, I had never heard of this.
 Um, it wasn't last laugh mania out there necessarily.
  Yeah.
 Hmm.
 Uh, Joe, they had a comedy advisor though.
 That'd be the first call you should make  if you're making the last laugh.
 Oh, sure.
 That's interesting.
 Cause he has the Disney career,  but then Joanne also has some Disney credits.
 Yeah.
 Movie and she's a wardrobe in beauty and  the beast.
 Yeah.
 I never knew that one.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know that was that person.
 So they kept  them in the family.
 Her big, her like wall.
 That's her thing.
 Right.
 She would kind of,  yeah, she's cause she kicks ass.
 Uh, yes.
 Like beats the shit out of guys.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's a pretty aggressive character.
 Does that, that big, big dive.
 Um, we'll get the wardrobe,  wardrobe murdering off people in beauty and the beast kind of swallows them.
 Like she's like,  she has a second way to eat.
 Yeah, she can, she can eat men and she can jump on them and  destroy them with her weight.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, I don't know the amount of oxygen that's in  there when she traps a person, but if there isn't much, they're dead in three days.
 Yeah.
  If you, she can trap you in there, she can kill you in there or she can just redress you in there  too.
 So there's a lot of, that's right.
 She spits out people in different clothes, but she might  turn you into clothes.
 She could turn your body secretes material fabric turns you into fabric  and wigs.
 Yeah, right.
 She's yeah.
 Terrifying character.
 Yeah.
 This character was the worst  monster.
 There's a beast in that castle.
 Yeah, it's true.
  Much bigger sins to be punished for.
 It turned into a worse thing.
 Um, so these are our players,  the stage set for the grand production.
 Um, yeah.
 So what they, all right.
 They, they sing on a,  the monorail, they sing a zippity doo-dah without a lot of words.
 Um, they're excited to be at  Disney world.
 And then, you know, the big attraction of this, and I think what makes it  pleasant is that you get to see a snapshot of Disney world at a really particular time.
  Yes.
 Vacation kingdom time, uh, contemporary looking fantastic when it pulled, when the  monorail pulls in there and you're just looking at carpet like crazy, weird olive green, busy  ass carpet that monorail landing.
 That's fantastic.
 Um, it's, I mean, this is part of a genre that I  like a lot, which is like thin plot disguising that the thing is just a hotel commercial.
 Yes.
  Cause these are great.
 There's a, like, there's such a good, say by the bell that's in a Palm  desert Marriott, just showing you how it has a boat that pulls into the hotel and the scene,  scene just stops cold.
 So you can watch a boat slowly pull up.
 Everyone gets safely out of the  boat, wait for them.
 Now the cast goes in just the most dead air I've ever seen on anything.
  Um, I need to, I mean, that's why I love part of why I love the Disney world episodes of any of the  TGI.
 Yeah.
 If you're just getting like big hotel ads, they're like, all right, and this one,  we have to remind people about vacation club, step-by-step is a big family.
 So they need a  vacation club house and this one, you know, family matters.
 Maybe they camp, maybe they want a  different vibe.
 So they camp like they always have to like assign the different shows.
 What do we  highlight? And that's sort of what's happening.
 Disney world's small enough at this point that  they kind of showed everything.
 They showed the marketplace.
 They showed the camp zone.
 Um,  it's a good thing they added more stuff is my takeaway.
 I think Disney world's like a two day  trip at this point in time.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think my parents went down in the seventies and they  were like, yeah, there was a match to do when the park closed at night.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You went to  dinner and then to bed like, or you found a bar gelatin.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You chased your chicken  out of king with gelatin and you bought a crate of citrus because that was still very novel to  send fresh citrus home.
 This is a multi you've talked about citrus on this one of your favorite  guys.
 One of my favorite details that the contemporary resort, one of the marketing was like,  and our gifts are we have a menswear store and you can buy a crate of fresh citrus to send home.
  It's neck and neck with bicentennial of like when Jason, when we, all right, it's in the cell,  like the balls coming in.
 It's, I think I can catch this one.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's citrus.
 When  did they stop the citrus? When did they stop giving you a crate of citrus? Do we know?  I don't know.
 Somebody snuck a bunch of orange bombs on the plane.
 Oh,  is there a yesterland? Has Kevin Perger done an episode on like a crate of citrus yet?  Defunct land? Yeah.
 You said yesterland? I said them both.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I was just doing  both.
 Either one.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 All right.
 I know which one is which.
 All right.
 Yesterland.
  I know Kevin Perger is defunct land.
 I was saying them both.
 I look at them both.
  No, he'll explain.
 Yeah.
 There was some like, you know, look at told in 1982  hair disaster and a pilot got blinded by citrus in the eye.
 It's not entirely accurate.
 I feel  like he didn't used to pitch himself down and now he does.
 He just, he does have a deep voice  though.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 He's joked about that before.
 Yeah.
 Well, he's, we're giving him an idea and  maybe it'll be another documentary about the crate of citrus from the contemporary.
 Six years go by.
  No one's done, I mean, no one's done it, Jason.
 Look into this.
 Let's do an episode on the crate  of citrus.
 Let's stop fucking around here.
 I'm sure it's just refrigeration got a lot more sustainable.
  I think you're gonna, I think you can get to the heart of it.
 Transportation,  refrigerated trucks and train cars.
 I'd like to promise the audience right now, a Patreon,  90 minutes long about the contemporary citrus crates, Jason and someone who's researching it.
  Jason does the work.
 He just got a thick notebook.
  The book is full of pages.
  Citrus.
 Okay.
 Back to the musketeers.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So what's going on? Where things are,  get fraught, I think pretty fast.
 I don't like, what's the first, the instigating thing  where they just like, one of them is taking a picture of the other ones and then just makes  them go like, Hey, keep stepping back and back and back.
 And they're on a dock.
 So all the kids  are like three kids fall off.
 And then the rest of them just start pushing each other or  jumping willingly.
 I don't know.
 There's some dock incident that just ruins the trip for everybody.
  But seven minutes in, they never get it together.
 So the fractured and it's weird because I don't  know them as friends.
 I don't know what it's like when there's harmony.
 So why are you, why are you  fighting so fast? And then what are we preserving? What's like, what's nice when the musketeers are  together? Right.
 It's like Avengers one and two, they're together in those.
 And then civil war  happens, Avengers civil war.
 And then you, they break up and then it's more tragic that way.
 But  this justice, they break, this is the start.
 Now the Avengers have a restaurant on the cruise ship  and now things are better because they're all serving us quality dining options.
 What the hell  is that thing? Yeah.
 It's their party down arc.
 You know what I mean though? There's like, they  just announced the encounter.
 There's an ant man dinner.
 Ant man is responsible for this food  too.
 Avengers is in the, I think it is mostly an ant man.
 I think it's like the, the, the new restaurant.
  Yeah.
 But it's, it's, but it's called Avengers quantum encounter.
 Okay.
 Wait, wait.
 So, so it's  the same gimmick of like the same food, small and big food, I think, but it's Avengers.
 No,  I think maybe they make, I think there's some like sleight of hand where it's like a regular  something happens at a regular cupcake.
 It's suddenly a big cupcake.
 Okay.
 Can we get it?  Can we look at a menu for this? I don't think that's out yet.
 Oh, it's coming.
 I don't think  this ship is sailing until 2022.
 No, there'll be, there'll be a countdown to the menu.
  Unveil.
 Well, that's 90 minutes.
 That's the, that's the normie us podcast is like, all right,  the quantum encounter menu is landing in five days.
 Let's make some predictions.
  Like 20, 10 minutes of 10 minutes, 10 seconds of like ambience.
  Yes.
 So much music.
 Why? And then get a load of the frosting on this one.
  Yeah.
 And then it's multi-millionaires.
 We're so rich.
 We all dress.
 You're in bright yellow.
  Jason's in lime green and I'm in a, I'm in citrus orange.
 Wait, we have to dress like the  polymonyx free.
 That's what I think about Disney YouTubers.
 It's bright as colors.
 They are,  they're, they're a power rangers.
 Yeah.
 Tommy, Bahama.
 It's a lot of Tommy Bahama.
 Let's be  honest with you.
 Yeah.
 Jason, one of these days is just going to have to switch permanently too.
  As far as look, although Scott actually honestly wears more close to Tommy Bahama stuff.
 It's like  I currently have the three of us.
 Yeah.
 But I like, I like the floral stuff too, but I don't have,  yeah.
 Tommy Bahama is like half Hawaiian shirt, half bowling shirt.
 I feel like it's like bowling  thick, you know, like those like nicer nineties bowling shirts people were.
 I, yeah.
 I, my dad  is more of the Hawaiian kind of Tommy Bahama stuff, but if you don't buy it at an outlet, like if you  buy it at a time, Bahamas, it's cost of fortune.
 Oh, I know.
 Yeah.
 So anyway, we'll be there soon.
  That'll be a 30 minute video too.
 Tommy Bahama too pricey.
 Let's break down the 12 rings.
  And pricey like Jason's face, like, like holding up like a, or no, he's pulling his pockets out  too pricey.
 Oh God.
 There's nothing better than YouTube preview.
 Uh, you know, little, uh, thumbnails.
  What the fuck is up with them? I'm sorry.
 I was making YouTube videos in 2007 and I was like,  starting to see that happen.
 Like wait, wait, what, what's going on? Like now I have a popular  video.
 You have to be looking like a goon and making cross eyes and like it never went away.
  It's decades of this crap.
 Like how can people handle that being their base aesthetic of what  they watch? Yeah.
 People like making little face like, did I just toot?  If you're, yeah, you really, everyone could just have the, did I just toot face?  And that would pretty much like read like whatever you want for whatever your title or your video  was.
 This might be a ham fisted segue, but truly I like as though we're finding every opportunity  to get away from the special, the general venue, the slow, like, uh, sort of, uh, um,  is it kind of still slow pace veneer, like, uh, a non flashy veneer of as nice seventies thing  as opposed to like hyperactive too much edited.
 Uh, it is nice to just take a little trip into  like dull Brown 77.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's something pleasant about it.
 Very flat, but in a better way.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And I like some of the Disney YouTubers, but it is funny that it's all in the  same genre.
 It's all in the same vibe.
 YouTube rewards you making the stretching your eyeballs  out as far as they can go outside of your face without falling out.
 You look like the mask without  the mask.
 And when you're doing a picture for YouTube thumbnail, that's the YouTube mask reviews.
  Yeah.
 The mask maniacs.
 If you can get your eyes out a little bit out of your head,  your views go up so much more significantly than the algorithm.
 You can get like pop your eyeballs  out of your sockets.
 Let's, I think we should talk about some commercials because I think we're going  to be more excited to talk commercial.
 I think that's what's going to keep us magnetized to the  special.
 Um, I mean, cause you don't know what you're going to, when you hear that, that there's  going to be seventies commercials, you know, you sort of know what seventies commercials are, but  famous ones.
 And I don't know any of these, like just call out ones that you like.
 I, I like the,  the, the Tonka toy van.
 It's just like the custom van, custom van, custom van, custom van.
 And they're  like, you can put action figures in it.
 And it's literally just like, it's a brown van.
 You're  getting some of your like stoner buddies into a brown van to drive across the country with like  to get away from your old lady or something.
 Like it's so dazed and confused.
 Yes.
 A hundred percent  weird thing.
 It's just not a vibe of van you expect to see done as a toy for children.
 And  it doesn't have like, you know, a weapon, like a GI Joe thing.
 It has just like, it's got a rug.
  Yeah.
 And Tonka is all like trucks, like it's from historically.
 I'm sure there are other Tonka  vehicles that are not trucks, but Tonka, when we were growing up, Tonka Thomas, the popular  YouTuber, 10 million followers is going to nail your ass on that one.
 Here's why podcast or Mike  Carlson is wrong.
 Just trucks.
 All right.
 So in this July episode of podcast, Rensen and Gain,  Michael says, um, pretty weird stuff.
 Yeah.
 So I, you know, well, did you have a Tonka truck?  Did anybody have a Tonka truck? Yeah, of course.
 Yeah.
 I definitely had a truck phase.
 Yeah.
 But  yeah, they were making like hippie vans in the seventies.
 Yeah, that is kind of what it is.
  Yeah, for sure.
 Which I was, I was not like, I was like, where are they going with this commercial?  And then it was like Tonka.
 And I was like, wow.
 Um, it's great.
 You gotta, you gotta get shake and  bake and shake and bake was very satisfying.
 That seems very seventies to me.
 I mean, I ate shake and  bake a lot.
 We had shake and bake a lot growing up and so much shake out far too much.
 I'm not  gonna complain.
 I never complained about shaking, but I was always this weird kind of baked kind of  fried, but I was like, yeah, it's fine with me.
 Yeah.
 When was the last time you had it?  I don't know.
 A few years ago, maybe once when I was home visiting, my mom made a shake and bake  thing.
 I don't know that we ever had it.
 I mean, we had all like versions of it, but I don't think  we actually had shake and bake brand.
 So, uh, Gainsburgers, Gainsburgers dog food.
 That is so  weird.
 That's early in the show.
 Set up on that one of like, we left our dog, uh, we're going on  vacation.
 We left our dog with his other family had a dog so they could make puppies.
  And so Gainsburgers dog food.
 If you want them to rut, feed them Gainsburgers.
  Yeah.
 Weird.
 This, uh, Gainsburgers makes your dog horny.
 Kind of a, kind of a pre adopt don't shop  era, you know, in terms of pets.
 Uh, yeah.
 Weird.
 Um, I, yeah.
 What else you got in there?  Litten meal in one microwave.
 Oh yeah.
 That's, that's such a weird product.
 It appears to be  a countertop convection oven.
 They say microwave and I think microwave were very, very buzzy  in the seventies and, um, it looks more like a convection oven to be like a quick oven sort  of thing, but like it was a whole roast and vegetables.
 They stuck in at the same time.
  Yeah.
 This is like big, thick asparagus and a big thing.
 I like rosemary potatoes and then a full  pot roast all going in the same microwave.
 Are you sure?  And like all food for the seventies, it looks like shit, man.
 It looks awful.
  Everyone must've felt so bad all the time.
 Every day.
 Um, uh, I really like the, it's a really  inexplicable ad.
 The, the, it's a Coke ad where two girls rent a boat.
 There's a sign on a boat  that says tug for rent and then it cuts to them sloppily painting it while a, uh, an old sailor  laughs like he's the guy who rented it, I guess.
 And he points and smiles and laughs and they,  they paint the word Sue Ann on the boat and I don't know why maybe that's one of their names  or both of their names together, but just like, you know, cute girls having fun and then a sailor  cackling.
 And I'm like, I don't trust that way.
 If this thing ever gets away from the dock,  I think this sailor's killing Sue and Ann.
 Oh yeah.
 Don't turn about Sue and Ann.
  Do not trust that sailor for sure.
 No matter how much she's laughing.
 Yeah,  no laughing could be malicious.
 No matter how much Coke he drinks, that doesn't make him a friend.
  No brand loyalty does not make someone trustworthy.
  And that's the boats, the tug boats just spew and smoke at the end.
 Oh yeah.
 This is a mistake.
  I think it's the beginning of the sinking.
 Yeah, yeah, for sure.
  They had to get this, they're like, we're going to get this shot real quick here.
  This thing's going down.
 It's the Reno and when making the commercial, the sailor actor started,  he like unmoored the boat.
 Oh yeah.
 You're coming with me sailing this commercial boat to Mexico.
  So these are nice breaks and you need them because like, again, the show is extremely  melancholy.
 You're excited because you're seeing like an arcade and it's great to see.
 I love  seeing that arcade.
 It's all pinball and yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's great.
 Clanky machines.
 What's  the special we taught? Was it a Christmas special that like when we did this Christmas special  episode where one of them was like this, I think it was a seventies one was really melancholy.
  Was this just maybe the vibe in the late seventies with all of these specials  where like we need to make them sad? That just might have been.
 Everything was just so  heartfelt and drippy and kind of like, I believe I was looking up in my looking up 1977 stuff.
 I  believe you light up my life was the number one song at this point in time, if I'm not incorrect.
  And that's like, everything felt kind of like that.
 Yeah.
 Like that's like a sad song.
 That's  a bummer.
 You don't willingly put that on.
 So every commercial is just these soaring,  extremely sincere anthems.
 Yeah.
 So that was just the vibe going.
 That was the advertising vibe,  which is why they wanted to make sure there were plenty of child's tears in the special to make  families attracted to Disney world.
 Well, it's like, you know, we don't exactly have to  super recap this.
 I mean, the thing that the, oh, go ahead.
 I was just going to say very quickly,  I think my favorite part of the special is that there's a basically a commercial for river country  and it's my favorite thing.
 I think I'm a whole, oh no, tied for my favorite thing.
 I think we know  what probably my favorite thing is, even though it's dumb as hell.
 I think that song is in  something else because that came on the special.
 We first time we watched it and Jane knew all the  words and I was like, why do you know all the words? We need to look into that because I like  the song is fun and kind of jaunty.
 Yeah.
 They just show clips of people going down a slide,  a river country, which is the first water park at Disney.
 A big traffic jam on that slide.
 Like a  lot of kids messing around, goofing around.
 And they keep reusing this shot of like an older man  in shorts.
 That's like thrown off of an inner tube.
 It's like he's reaching for the intertube  and they use it a multiple times and they don't even do a good job in like the clip show way of  like zooming in this time or flipping, flopping the shot.
 It's literally the same thing.
 River  country.
 Big river country is a blast.
 It's a drive.
 It's a, you can swim and splash and dive.
  I thought that, okay, this is what the most of the special is going to be like songs about the things  you can do.
 Well, you were a little bit right.
 Cause that tune is very similar to the poo  polka later in the show.
 Speaking of my other thing, the other thing, my other favorite thing,  of course, is the poo polka, which is, I don't think is that clipped somewhere? Cause I looked  at it and all I could find was other people breaking down this special on YouTube.
 Okay.
  I'm not sure how many people know about the poo polka is what I'm saying.
 We can pull it.
 We can  highlight the moment.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So like, yeah, the group is fracturing on their trip and they're  consulting with each other and towels and hotel rooms and Corey Feldman's sister pretends to be  sick to get her friends to come visit her and give her ice cream and cookies and candy.
 Oh, yes.
  That line, maybe the line of the show for me, cookies, candy and ice cream will do it to you  every time.
 Can't disagree with that.
 That's your yearbook quote.
 That's my back tattoo.
 Full back.
  But I like, so I don't know.
 They like, they're having trouble finding each other.
 I feel like a  lot of times, but then they all, they all end up together on, on like a camping trip.
 They go to the  the camping area, which I feel very disconnected from that you could camp at Disney world and not  just like a camping themed hotel, but that you would just legit camping.
 Yeah.
 Well, they're,  they're dropped off in an empty field and then they appear to camp on a beach.
 I don't know if  you could ever camp right on the beach.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
 I've been at my, it was like in the early  days, it was probably really lawless.
 Oh yeah.
 I mean, the early days are like, come to our beaches,  swim in Bay Lake, just walk right in.
 They were doing that as we know a couple of years ago.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, so there was still like, it was pretty loose.
 I mean, there was like, we were  a couple of years ago when we went, when Lindsay and I went, we were driving the boat, driving the  boat around and I was like, I think we could just get out and get into river country because it would  it was still there.
 They hadn't demolished it yet and people had snuck in before.
 So it's like,  you can still do a lot of stuff you shouldn't be doing on those on the ground.
 We probably could  have gotten off at discovery Island.
 They do in the special.
 Well, Jason and I took a nice little  boat ride last night when we were there.
 Yeah.
 And this was a big thing in your family.
 Yes.
 We would  ride the boats.
 Yeah.
 We would drive the boats and my mom was like, you're not old enough to do it.
  So she had to drive the boat.
 And then my dad let my three years younger sister drive the boat.
  With him in it.
 And I was so upset.
 It's like, my mom was like, we got, must follow the rules.
  But then my dad didn't give a shit.
 And he let my little sister drive three years younger.
 Also,  I mean, we were adults, but they really didn't ask us very many questions.
 Those boats are pretty  much bumper car based controls.
 You know, they're pretty simple.
 What do you mean? You wanted them  to like question us.
 I think we had to sign one waiver and they were just like, that's, that's go.
  That's reverse.
 Yeah.
 Avoid a wake, avoid the wakes of large boats.
 Yeah.
 No, we didn't get  like a boat safety course or anything.
 No, not at all.
 We were just, yeah.
 It's too bad.
 You want  like a something hosted by a character.
 Oh my gosh.
 Yeah.
 At least it'd be a little video.
  Goofy's sinking his boat.
 One of Goofy how to videos where he's bad at whatever he's trying  to teach you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That would be great.
 But yeah, obviously I don't think it's too lazy to  make a video.
 So popular of a thing to do there.
 Yeah, not anymore at the time seemingly.
  But they go, they go camping and then the whole kind of the crux is that there's this girl,  Nita, who gets picked on a lot, seemingly is kind of a more timid seeming character.
  And she's told to tie the rope that holds the tent up to something solid.
 And she goes off and  sees a car bumper and that's pretty solid.
 A car is pretty solid.
 So she ties the rope and ties a  second rope to the same thing.
 And then, but they didn't know, she didn't know whose car it was.
 And  the car pulls away, says just married on it.
 Wasn't with them.
 So the whole tent comes unraveled.
  And that's a bummer.
 That's right.
 Cause if you're camping overnight, that kind of messes it up.
  Everybody, everybody kind of takes it like she got one of the Mouseketeers killed.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Very sorted scene.
 Everyone is so mad.
 One of them yells, what kind of a scramble brain idiot  are you? It's a little intense.
 Yeah.
 It's a little intense.
 And Nita is, or Nita is very little.
  Yeah.
 Like she is not one of the older ones.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 Um, she,  the, the, I think the saddest part of the whole thing is when a girl very seriously says,  you ruined our camping trip.
 And then Nita just sobs.
 She just sobs and sobs.
 And it's a very like  squealy like, ah, it's such tears of sorrow again.
 And this is everyone's ad for vacation.
 Nightmare  is when the kid is crying.
 You don't want that.
 The kids upset, the kids are fighting.
 The siblings  are fighting and like it's unpleasant.
 Why remind parents that this is of course, what's going to  happen? Well, Ms.
 Osborne is impressed.
 Like she, like I said, the reporter is confrontational.
 Joanne  Worley is confrontational initially.
 And then she goes shopping with the girls for like three  minutes and she's like, Oh, they actually do like each other.
 And they kissed and made up.
 Okay.
  Like that.
 Any of her doubt is like immediately cleansed.
 And then she like mildly flirts with  the manager at some point it's, but they don't really dig in on that.
 At some point she's like,  we could go on my favorite ride, the sky ride, or if that's too much, the teacup ride.
 And that would  never fly nowadays.
 Just calling it the sky ride or the teacup or whatever.
 You know what it is.
  Two wrong names.
 Right.
 It's the laziness with which this is, this is being done.
  That did predict though, forcing their like child actor employees of like, okay, so you're coming  and you're getting this perk, but we need you to post.
 We need you to take a lot of pictures.
  Although I don't know if she ever got the pictures.
 She was mostly getting them to fall off the dock.
  So yeah, who knows? I don't, we don't know how the Everglades magazine story ended up.
 Yeah.
 A little  too chummy PR and journalism for me.
 Well, I think it's weird.
 Yeah.
 If this is essentially,  if the guy is her, is the Mascoteers publicist and then there's an unrelated photographer who's  trying to dig up dirt about, do the Mascoteers get along or not? Then what, like these, some random  photographer and a publicist all end up camping with them.
 And that was, and suddenly like the,  your publicist is in like, okay, now tie up the rope.
 But like, how is that the job of a publicist?  Yeah.
 They didn't want to add another actor to the call sheet.
 Mr.
 Harrison is the third adult.
 He  is not really developed.
 He's more of the hard ass executive and a funny beat in the camping  is that they're just kind of camping.
 And then from out of the darkness, Mr.
 Harrison just comes  out in a full suit, just comes out of the darkness.
 It was like, you'd better have these Mascoteers  together.
 He helicoptered in.
 Very strange.
 Yeah.
 This, this Nita sobbing.
 And then I was like,  who's this actress? Cause she's pretty good in this.
 She sells it.
 She seems genuinely  sad.
 And then I looked up her IMDB and there's a personal quote on her IMDB.
 And the quote is,  I don't know if I would recommend show business for a child.
 It's very stressful.
 Yeah.
  I mean, where's the lie?  I guess this may have been a genuinely morose experience.
 Yeah.
 The director like yelling  or like, you're not making me sad enough.
 I don't feel that you're sad.
 You're ruining our film.
  We're here.
 What kind of a, what was the phrase? What did the idiot scramble brain?  And what kind of a scramble brain idiot are you child actor?  Meanwhile, Todd and pop are just calling each other turkeys for hours.
 Just driving everyone  insane.
 And then that's this part.
 I know if I've brought up this special before,  cause that's such a weird moment in the, uh, how there were, there used to be the lap seating and  more attractions.
 And it was, I saw this special a long time ago when they would show weird old  specials on the Disney channel.
 And I remember how weird it struck me at the time.
 Like these,  these two guys who were having this argument, they're calling each other stupid and Turkey.
  And then they get on to space mountain and was sitting in each other's laps and keep arguing.
  It's just the strangest scenario to be in a fight with somebody who's in your lap.
  Yeah.
 That's sort of like the Larry bird basketball shorts too.
 It's just an extremely  awkward little, little moment.
 It is that they were on space one before I knew it.
  All of a sudden I was like, Oh, Oh, it's space mountain.
 Yeah.
 And they play a lot of the good  space mountain like sounds that twinkling kind of sounds.
 And then afterwards they're like,  the rest of the crew is in tomorrow land and you know, their managers like we're a pop and Todd.
  And it's like, Oh, this is going to be, Oh no.
 Then they just run in a frame.
 And most conflicts  initially are resolved before the Nito, you know, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hers is the one that goes the  longest and that kind of leads to, you know, everybody starts looking for her and they aren't  going to perform without her.
 They immediately the next morning, clearly in the light of day,  they regret being insanely mean to her and they there's mascots here camaraderie.
 We got to find  her, but she's kind of off in every possible corner, avoiding everybody.
 And she has this,  the context of this little musical number is really funny where she's kind of, is it like she's,  she's like imagining something better happening with her Mouseketeer friends.
  Is that what, is that what the polka is? She's like, yeah, I guess they're really  fucked with the Mouseketeers.
 Boy, I wish something fun was going on.
 And then she drifts away.
  It's like under the sea, maybe like, yeah, better if I was doing the polka with poo.
  If only I was in a little indoor stage doing the poo polka with the big weird honey pot poo.
  Yes.
 Who wakes her up? I think she dreams him and then wakes her up.
 She probably is just like  delirious because children aren't supposed to like stay awake all night and then get into a theme park  before it opens.
 Like a pre-opening magic kingdom, the sun is still coming up.
 It's who's down.
  It's still very wet.
 I think she snuck out.
 I think she like swam for it.
 Yes.
 She just jumped  in the lake and then crawled out a part where she crossed the train tracks.
 She smuggled her way into  the kingdom.
 And then honey pot poo gives her some reassurances and then doesn't narc on her.
  She goes like, don't tell my friends where I am.
 And he plays dumb.
 Yeah, which is easy because he  can't speak.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So that works out okay.
 I don't know if I like that honey pot poo or not.
  I kind of do, but I don't like when he like wiggles his mouth around.
 He's odd.
 I mean,  I have affection for him because we did see footage of him when we were kids.
 I don't think,  what was, do I have a picture with him? I don't think so.
 I'm pretty sure I don't.
 Yeah.
 But I  definitely, he was on specials on Disney channel.
 So I have nostalgia affection for him, but yes,  there's a hundred better poo bears, I think, than this one.
 It's an aggressive mouth.
 He looks kind  of crazed.
 He almost looks a little rabid.
 I'm looking at one where his, he's got like,  the whites of his eyes are actually like, they're brown, which looks really, I mean,  it's like, it's how you represent a cartoon character on acid or something.
 It's pretty freaky.
  Yeah.
 The honey, it's like, I'm trying to bring up a picture.
 There is like a,  not HR puff and stuff, but maybe like Sid and Marty Croft elements to it, but that might've  just been like seventies costumed mascots that's in my head.
 Yeah.
 Just the vibe in general.
 Yeah.
  It's just this weird here.
 I got to look, here's a little, a little jiff of him.
 Like just like his  mouth is caving in on itself.
 Yeah.
 And he'd wiggle in this weird way.
 I don't know.
 I think  he's a, I think he's a creep.
 There's, you know what they haven't, I would say that none of the poo  mascot walk around characters have completely nailed like the perfect Disney poo.
 Like I'm  looking at all of them now and they're not, there's something lacking in it.
 I feel like  they've really gotten Mickey and Minnie down goofy, but poo still even, he kind of looks strange.
  Who is animated in a very fluid fashion and that's kind of hard to do with a stiff, you know,  because like, this is modern poo in the parks and he's not, he's cute.
 Something off though,  but there's something off about it.
 And there's nothing like poo is a drawing.
 The classic Disney  poo is so like delightful and cute, but like they have not been able to completely capture that.
  Yeah.
 They at least finally captured that he doesn't have brown eyes.
 I don't know what's,  Google this audience.
 If you're 70s poo costume.
 No, I don't.
 Well, does he have brown eyes? I can't  tell from here.
 Yes, he does.
 It looks like he's like high out of his mind.
 He looks really baked.
  I'm coming around on him.
 There's something to appreciate about this character, but it doesn't  like he's not Winnie the Pooh.
 Yeah.
 Some weird maniac who stole his shirt.
 Yeah.
 The way the poo  around this time would have a shirt that says poo on it.
 Right.
 And it's almost like he's wearing  that to convince you that he is poo.
 Right.
 Right.
 Is it like, he's like, clear.
 How could I not be?  So on my shirt, I'll say this about this poo in the poker scene, he does some dance and he like  kind of keeps up.
 And I have to say those kids are good dancers.
 Like they are dancing laps around  the damn Brady bunch variety.
 Well, but this is the lowest bar.
 Yeah.
 That's a pretty low bar.
  They're just like waving their arms better than Robert Reed and a high Susan.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But this is a better seventies kind of variety sort of vibe.
 Yeah.
 Things sort of, you know,  get resolved.
 There's like a very low speed chase.
 The boat shows off all of the, yeah, they show  off that there are boats.
 They show off that there is discovery Island, that there is a place to see  animals.
 And it's the energy is not so much.
 It's all very casual, but it works out.
 There's like  10 minutes to go before the show is going on.
 It's still unclear if need is going to be part of it.
  And they cut it so down to the wire that she ends up performing in plain clothes.
 She is not in her  seventies, Mouseketeer, aggressive rainbow jumpsuit.
 This is what they're all wearing.
  And you sort of, this is this kind of, the finale sort of puts the puzzle together because you are  like, okay, so what, so what are they good at? Are you kind of get it with the poop polka? You  hear them sing, but the singing is just kind of shouting.
 You get this big musical number and it's  a big musical number about friends in front of the castle.
 Do you think, do we think that this number  lives up to the expectations that we might have for the, for these Mouseketeers?  The expectations we have for the Mouseketeers may be of the special after we've seen the river  country song with the man, the repeated footage and then the poop polka.
 I would say no, I don't  think this is, this doesn't top the poop polka for me or, or the, even the river country montage.
  Yeah, poop polka I think is the highest of their abilities in this special.
 The river country one  is probably the most fun.
 But it does, I mean, yeah, the final, final number definitely, it doesn't  sound like the Simpsons Hooray for everything, but it's got the vibe of it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which I appreciate that.
 But as far as like holding my interest, the other two, I liked better.
  It's definitely riding on the fact that it's in front of the castle.
 Yes.
 Like that's the,  that's the spectacle.
 Yeah.
 I kind of like the lyrics of the song about that, how friends are  like jewels in a ring.
 That's fun.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 I'm not saying there's nothing redeeming.
  Jewels in a ring.
 Friends are like money in the bank and the same line of it's gotta be a good  situation.
 I, it's extremely seventies.
 It's extremely just like Coca-Cola ad company  seventies.
 I think it maybe doesn't stand out from the rest of it.
 It's so just all  seventies theme parky entertainment.
 Yeah.
 It maybe doesn't set itself apart like other mouse,  Mickey Mouse clubs did.
 Right.
 And they maybe, yeah, they weren't, they were just trying to,  they were trying to, you know, chase trends here.
 They weren't trying to innovate.
  Yeah.
 We're doing their own thing.
 We do get a preview on next week's wide world.
  Yes.
 Whenever we're out of Disney, the, I think it's from, it's from the late sixties, Bullwhip  Griffin starring Suzanne Plachette.
 Oh yes.
 Roddy McDowell and Carl Malden.
 Also I looked up in  this movie is an actor named Joby Baker, who was the co-star on Good Morning World with Ronnie  Shell.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 We also left out the ad for the movie Run Cougar Run.
 Yes.
 Run Cougar  won one of their nature ones or is it a scripted one? It's in Utah.
 The idyllic existence of a  mountain lion family is threatened when tourists bent on sport hunting Cougars make their appearance.
  This is such a rough and tumble trailer and you can tell this is the kind of movie where,  all right, it's time for the Cougar to jump the crevasse.
 All right.
 Who's throwing the Cougar  this time? Who draws the short straw? All right.
 All right, Billy, go for it.
 There's, there's a  whole like swath of people who wrangled animals in the seventies who were like,  curse that ASPCA warning.
 I know we, there's no animals were harmed in the making.
 We can't do  anything good anymore.
 All our tricks are out the window.
 Did you see? I can't drop a bunch of  foxes from an airplane.
 Yeah.
 They couldn't get us a flying squirrel.
 So put this regular squirrel  on a lawn dart and just throw a horse.
 Can't jump off a diving board no more.
  What happened to this country? Uh, this is why we lost the war.
 Give a bunch of booze to a bunch of  chimpanzees.
 Tell them to start swinging.
 See what happens.
 Give them real guns.
 Dress them as a  baseball team and have them play a game.
 Chimmy Carter's America.
 Did you see the clip of,  I forget which James Bond movie that was going around like last week or two weeks ago? No.
 From  the making of one of the movies, James Bond jumps on the back of five crocodiles and I,  unless it's alligators, crocodiles are alligators.
 And they showed the guy who did it for real was  like a wrangler, like a crocodile.
 And he missed four times.
 He fell in and the thing is like biting  his foot.
 Like you can see it gets like one of the takes he gets his, the alligator or crocodile  gets a tooth into his boot and he's pulling at it.
 And he, from the fifth time he finally jumped  like a cartoon on the backs of all of these, uh, real life animals.
 I'm sorry.
 This is like,  this is a guy, this is a James Bond stunt double.
 So is he dressed as, yes, he's dressed as James  Bond.
 He was like a tuxedo.
 Uh, yeah.
 Suit, not a tuxedo, a suit of some kind.
 Nice suit.
  He's all slicked back and keeps falling into a crocodile.
 He keeps falling into water  with crocodiles.
 I'll, I'll show it to you probably later, but if you haven't seen it,  find it somewhere.
 Um, yeah, very funny.
 A crocodile's journey next week on the  wonderful world of just stepping on crocodiles.
 All right.
 So somebody, we need somebody to  toss the crocodile out of the building right before the implosion starts.
 Throw the crocodile  and you jump out the other side.
 There's a, uh, there's a cushion for you.
 There's a big inflatable  thing for you.
 The crocodile.
 I can't promise if we have one leftover, we'll do it.
 Okay.
 Here we go.
  Implosion starts at 30 seconds.
 Uh, I, I could do this.
 I could do this for a whole episode.
 Uh,  yeah.
 And that has to surf on two turtles.
 She's got to use two turtles as ski, uh, water skis.
 Uh,  your boat's going to pull her.
 Uh, can you glue two turtles to a net of high heels?  You know, the water is going to be splashing.
 Do we, are we even going to see the turtles face?  Can we just use a prop shell? No, no, it gotta be real turtle.
 I paid for these turtles.
 We're  using the turtles.
 Okay.
 You got to see the Lapa goes, we got to, they're imported.
 You want to  explain to Roy Disney while we're racking up turtle money and we don't use them.
  Uh, he can tell.
 He knows that the plastic shows, you could tell them to be authentic.
  Some good commercials in the second half too.
 Uh, the foul weather driving book from shell  just, oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 This is weird little scenario of if you get caught in the snow,  uh, like stay inside, it's your shell and don't leave the heat on for more than 10 minutes,  10 minutes, an hour.
 Uh, yes, we're a little, a little like, uh, fear-mongering.
 Yeah.
 Uh,  Pillsbury plus, which is boxed cake mix that also includes pudding to mix into the mix.
  Pillsbury plus.
 The mother is unconvinced that she thinks her adult daughter is full of shit,  that she like used a box mix.
 It can't be a box mix.
 It can't, it's from scratch.
 It's not a box.
  What's it's a weird, if you were arguing that about something that was brought to you from a  kitchen elsewhere and you don't know the cook, but like, why are you arguing that she knows what she  did? She knows that she didn't bake a full cake from scratch.
 Yeah.
 I, this is not an argument.
  This mother could possibly win.
 Yeah, I know for sure.
 And plus that Pillsbury plus looks fantastic.
  Oh yeah.
 It looks great.
 Box mix takes the cake.
 Do we know when is the cake? Do we know when  Pillsbury plus stopped? Discontinued.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 I got to look at another default Pillsbury plus  episode.
 Uh, the Chevy diesel pickup truck, a pickup truck that runs on diesel.
 I think it said  it had 27 highway, 20 city miles.
 And that made me go, Oh no.
 Um, car mileage did not get very  good in the decades, in the decades following until hybrids came along.
 It's like, Oh, that's not as,  I feel like nineties and two thousands cars almost had the same mileage to a certain extent.
  This is where I'm going to go blank on you here.
 Cause I don't know.
 I don't know nothing about  mileage.
 I'm no Jay Leno.
 I don't know.
 I don't know what things get.
 People have asked me that  about my cars.
 What's the mileage? Well, yeah, now you're talking.
 Do we talk about anything else?  I'll be at so bad with the cars.
 Yeah.
 I'll be at the dealer and they'll go, how many miles are on it?  And they go, uh, and then they go about how, and I go about how much and I go, uh, and then they go,  all right, well I'll look in the car for you.
 I know where it is.
 I just, it's not a thing I have  in my head a lot.
 Listen, you scramble brain idiot.
 How many times a mechanic has said that to me?  You turkey.
 It's happened to me many times and the right to do it.
  But probably one of the best details is the very last thing on this special.
 You see a commercial  for payroll savings plan by savings bonds.
 And that's the last thing you see before the video  ends and goes back to the menu and it's the most boring ad.
 Really strange.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's an ad  about a beaver needed a savings bond.
 It's like a, it's like a moment of Zen.
 It kind of just  happens and you don't like, did it happen? It's, it's, it's really surreal.
 It's a good transition.
  It's like that pirates of the Caribbean transition back to the real world.
 And it is, you know,  nice little palette cleanser, but like you have to imagine everything else on Disney plus ends with  a, you know, the castle logo or something distributed by Walt Disney pictures.
 Well,  this ends with a savings.
 That's why I think whoever put this up was just like, yeah,  well I'll put the whole thing up.
 Like we're not going to do any work to this.
 It's just the,  shape it was in was what they were going to put up.
 I'm working from home.
 I'm not coming in to  cut the commercials out, upload whatever file you have.
 Yeah.
 No one's going to watch this.
  Anyway, we just need to meet a quota of an amount of content that is on the streaming service.
  Found something.
 No one's going to spend content like pigs looking for truffles.
  Found something to get up.
 Who cares? Spending 75 minutes on a podcast talking about this special.
  It's not going to happen.
 You're wrong.
 The savings bond commercial is more relaxing than most  Disney Disney plus originals, which end with a good five minutes of deathly silent,  localization credits of like, who are the voices in France and whatever in Lithuania?  Yeah.
 And you're like, it's a Marvel.
 Is there, is there a scene after the localization or was  it just the one before the full station? They should put a bond to the bonds commercial  after credits from one of the marvels just to throw us off.
 Oh, sure.
 I mean, yeah.
 Did Disney  ever get into savings bond? They have that credit card.
 They have the credit card that everyone's  like, don't get the Disney credit card.
 Get a regular credit card.
 Cause it's not, it doesn't  give you enough travel points.
 Yeah.
 No, I will get it.
 We tried the Disney credit card.
  Try the Disney credit card.
 All right guys.
 My last video, my camera is being repossessed  because I have not been paying my Disney credit card.
 Did I toot?  Banks repossessing my toots.
 A bummer.
 Oh well.
 A repo man.
 Um, I, well, but you know what? Um,  more pleasant to watch than some of the other things.
 Uh, I believe in some of the other  fuzz bucket.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, much more.
 I, I thank the audience for sending us down at least  at, you know, like w w was watching these children sob upsetting.
 Sure.
 But was it nice to watch  just the, the nice, the greenery, the resort vibe of that, like the sparkling, uh, lake with the  boat going by and space mountain there and the nice clean monitor.
 I mean, it's, uh, if you just,  if you cut all the parts with the acting and the songs and the people and the things,  this is a great, it's perfect.
 If you do that, it's perfect.
 Uh, for sure.
 Establishing and  everything.
 I mean, now we're talking.
 If we could just find the raw footage for these specials,  just complete, you know, like 60 hours of just B roll.
 Oh, like the B roll from the Disney quest.
  Yeah.
 Commercial.
 Oh, that's so great.
 Yeah.
 The ultimate.
 Or Ed Randell,  all your favorites.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's great.
 Um, so I did enjoy this.
 I mean, a bunch of,  I think has been suggested, uh, over here, but in the poll we just did, uh, Ted and it's key  suggested.
 Thanks, Ted.
 Um, and, uh, so I guess once again, we'll pose it.
 I mean, we'll do a,  we'll do a poll at some point and just be ready to go.
 Um, I, I, I, there's things that I, um,  so we've done this twice and I think, uh, meet the Deedles as quickly as turning into the Susan  Luchi of this endeavor.
 I feel like it's going to be the Deedles day.
 I don't know anything about  that, but that poster or like art they use on this is, I don't know.
 It's glued in my mind.
  I remember from when I was a kid, but I never learned anything more about the Deedles.
  Was it one of you guys, do we talk about this in the show? Is it one of you guys or another  friend of mine who was like, is that the show with the guys with the big, the movie with the  guys with the big hair? And that's not what it is.
 It's, it's, yeah, we went over this.
 Yeah.
  And that's a different thing though.
 That's a different thing.
 And it's not the stupid,  is Tom Marlowe's the stupid? Certainly not the stupid.
 Yeah.
 And it's not the coneheads.
 Of  course.
 Of course.
 No, it's not.
 Yeah.
 We get your big heads straight.
 Um, but I think it's,  you know, Deedles will get in there at some point.
 Um, I, I was really intrigued by the,  I was starting to pull later in the day for, uh, the 2008 Disney channel games.
 Um, I just  want to put in a vote for that.
 If, if people, if we do this again, I just want to like endorse  a couple of candidates in the primaries here or whatever that is.
 I don't know any details really  about it.
 I just skimmed through Wikipedia and like, all right, well it's probably Ali and AJ  run with the spoons and eggs in their mouths.
 Uh, there's a three legged race with the, the  Sprouses.
 All right.
 Sounds like fun.
 Yeah.
 Um, there was some that I was like, oh yeah,  this is right up my alley.
 It offered me afterwards, which I, I'm sure I've put it on  the background before the is a Disneyland through the seasons.
 Just a sixties one, I think.
  Walter a special people want returned Oz.
 Yeah.
 I've of course seen a couple of times.
 You guys,  neither of you've seen it.
 I've never seen it.
 I've seen that one unpleasant scene in the subway  station.
 Did we post that or that was just going around Twitter one day or it just looks  shockingly horrifying.
 That movie is also long, right? No, that's not that long.
 Oh, okay.
 Well,  it was longer than this, which is why we were excited.
 This one.
 So mainly thank you for  recommending, uh, for picking a shorter thing.
 And I'll just, just one more thing.
 I just want  to shout out, uh, Matt eager for making, and I, we already went a little back and forth with him on  Twitter.
 When we say what is like the strangest, most bizarre, potentially most unpleasant thing  on Disney plus Matt found it.
 This is it.
 It is the Simpsons episode that gets into the underground  world of jockeys of horse jockeys who are typically are, are small.
 And that was the justification  for the Simpsons to turn them into like munchkins that they're always, they're hiding fangs and  pointy ears.
 And there's the song that I, I truly, and I mean, this is a compliment that I cannot  think of it.
 There's no way there's something more unpleasant on Disney plus that's it.
 He figured it  out.
 They have a, so it's called saddle sore Galactica.
 Um, and I know, we know, I mean,  we've seen it Jason.
 You've seen it.
 I mean, it was, it was not so what is the season 13? I,  the more I thought about it, 11, I think.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think I saw it when it aired.
 Yeah,  for sure.
 I did too.
 And now it just like, it takes me back to that, it takes me to that sinking  feeling of like, uh, oh, it's not coming back.
 Is it? We lost it.
 It's are we losing it? It was  like, like feeling like, like the relative is not going to get off life support.
 It was a real,  for two decades for Simpsons kids.
 It was a real, it was a real, like life lesson.
 It was a hard  life lesson to learn.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Things don't last forever.
 I'm afraid to rewatch one that I  remember fondly as a kid, I think because it was an early premiere that summer of the grease  bandits episode of like, does that hold up? Cause I rewatched this.
 No, they go to no, no, no, no,  but I hated that one when it like, I was feeling the betrayal by the grease.
 I don't think I was  that far advanced to my thinking.
 I think it was just happy for not rebounds, but I remember  watching spring break this where they go to spring break on the fan boat a couple of years ago.
 And  I was like, Oh, Oh no.
 It's all Edison for me, baby.
 Oh, that is a, I remember it dark day in  history.
 I remember it so well.
 It was the season premiere and I was sitting so excited for it.
  And I remember just going, something's wrong.
 Yeah.
 Didn't it, didn't you like carry it with you?  Like a month, you're just like, you sort of like, like what's wrong, honey? You're not going to  finish dinner? No, I'm not hungry.
 It's three weeks later.
 I didn't know it was possible for  things that good to change.
 I, there, the, I think I, I just got so bummed out remembering the jockeys  I like later in the day, I was like making tea or something and just like I'd moved on and then just  like the jockeys flashed in my head and I'm like, God, God, it like the jockeys were truly were  haunting me all day.
 We were doing this poll.
 So that was a big one for me.
 And then I remember  the final nail, the very final nail with Simpsons was when they went to Brazil and there is a part  where Bart says, boy, they sure do love soccer here.
 And then they, and then the bellhops at the  hotel were all kicking suitcases around like a soccer ball.
 Right.
 Right.
 Remember this.
 And  that moment I was like, we're done.
 We are done.
 This is done.
 This is the final.
 That's like  beyond I've, that's like the worst joke I've seen on any show, much less  that's my former favorite show.
 Well, we'll get, we'll get to these episodes  eventually if we keep doing plus us up.
 Yes, we'll have to, but thanks for sending us a pretty  pleasant thing.
 You survived podcast ride plus us up addition.
 Please plus us up again and stay  tuned here to pockets.
 The second gate for three bonus episodes every month.
 That is,  unless of course you're a scramble brain idiot, only they, but sure not would on so sharp.
 So  don't buy.
