 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate,  the only Patreon podcast feed that can heal any illness  and also, and this is very important, can break any curse.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Scott Gardner.
  Oh yeah, of course.
  And that phrase in mythology have been strong in my brain  since watching this film.
  I definitely remember that and a lot of other things.
  Sure, the tears of the moon,  the effects of the tears of the moon.
  Mike Carlson also here.
  The tree, the moon tree.
  Yeah, the tree, the tree.
  Okay, so what you're saying does have something to do  with the movie is what you're,  I know the first part sounds familiar  and I watched the movie and I don't wanna be negative,  but so that second part also is part of it.
  Right, yes.
  So it's, the first part is  Emily Blunt's driving motivation.
  I'm so sorry, my recording did not work.
  Oh no.
  Nothing went wrong.
  Keep it rolling, keep just turning on  and I'll use your audio here on the Zoom.
  Oh, this is in?  I think it's in, right?  It's fun, it's a little peek behind the curtain.
  The audience loves that.
  Okay, now it's working.
  All right, great.
  Jason's having some water issues.
  You really fell for that sip of water.
  Jungle Cruise water that he was drinking.
  Yeah, backside of water, huh?  Officially licensed Jungle Cruise water Jason was drinking.
  The jungle heard we were gonna make fun of it  and it's getting its vengeance on me.
  Jason's being attacked by water preemptively.
  So yeah, here we are.
  We're talking about the Jungle Cruise movie.
  Jungle Cruise 2021.
  I think it's important that we talk about it  because this is a movie that is based on the ride  for about seven minutes or so.
  Yes.
  It is imperative that we cover the seven minutes  that are mildly related to a ride  that we often skip.
  Those seven minutes, we should cover those seven minutes  and then let's say the rest is not necessary  for us to talk about.
  That's one way to do it.
  Just kind of analyze every joke  because that's what it is.
  It's really like you get a pile of Jungle Cruise style jokes  at the top of the movie.
  Yes, and that's spoiler alert, obviously.
  I apologize.
  Yeah, so if you don't wanna know  when the jokes are coming, it is early.
  But we'll put a spoiler alert.
  Obviously, if you're listening to this,  chances are you know that we're gonna say something  that's a spoiler.
  But also, I'd go pretty soft on that spoiler alert  because we're gonna be very confused about the,  this will not be a thorough retelling.
  There'll be massive plot points  that are not even referred to.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  Well, now, as I told you guys,  I revealed halfway through watching it  with you guys last night, I also watched it on Saturday  because I was the one who rented it on Disney Plus.
  And I watched it with Jane,  and then I watched it again with you guys in Scott's Yard.
  And it, yeah, I-  A baffling reveal to watch this film, what?  Twice in three days?  I mean, let me say at the top, I did not dislike this movie.
  I had some fun watching it.
  Is this a twice in three days situation?  I don't know.
  Yeah, that's a lot.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think my first thought was after I rented it,  let me make sure this worked, right?  Cause I hadn't used it yet.
  And then, you know, I knew Jane wanted to watch it as well.
  And I was going out of town soon and I was like,  well, let's just watch it tonight  and I can make some notes tonight.
  So I, it's all glued in my mind.
  All of the big pile of things that happened in this movie  and so much happens.
  So you could win a Jungle Cruise movie trivia night  is what you're saying.
  You've got it all down.
  So you're saying you're not gonna miss a piece  of the mythology or the continuity or anything.
  That's right.
  I know all about Frank and McGregor  and the Tears of the Moon and the Conquistadors and Aguirre.
  What else?  Trader Sam.
  Sir James Hobbs Cottington.
  Yeah.
  Nilo.
  Kind of implied character being Kaiser Wilhelm's son  very quickly.
  The smart bees.
  The smart bees who are punished for their intelligence.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  All of your favorite characters.
  Got it.
  And you're not thinking of like spinning off  into your own sort of movie based,  Jason Sheridan movie review podcast persona or anything.
  Is that, I use this cover of a backdoor pilot?  Um, I think that would probably be like a YouTube video  and I would have to do like a different version of myself  where I'm like, okay guys, I'm so excited.
  I'm here today.
  And I'm gonna tell you all about Frank and Nilo  and all the crazy characters that occupy the Amazon  of the movie, The Jungle Cruise.
  You could also go though the other way with it  and you could plan on all the problems in Jungle Cruise.
  Like you could do a full video like that  where you were like, you know.
  Jungle Cruise 2021 was honest.
  For once.
  Yeah.
  If I have a number of wigs and personas  and I do like the, you know, the enthusiastic  doesn't say anything bad about it.
  And then like the reactionary, like, you know,  the sicko libs made a Jungle Cruise movie  and they're coming for your children, you know.
  I'd like to see both honestly.
  Double dip.
 From you.
  Double dip, baby.
  That would be really, that's a great scheme.
  You could be the first guy that appeals  to both of the audiences.
  Covers every.
 Maybe they wouldn't even know.
  Oh yeah.
  If one of them's just in the shadows  and you pitch your voice down.
  Right.
 You just like film it all  from the same room.
  All you do is flip the light switch on and off.
  Now you got two mega YouTube movie channels.
  Right.
 Oh.
  And then I make twice as much.
  I sell two different kinds of like  multivitamin, nootropic powders.
  Oh yeah, it's like the same thing.
  It's like how Gwyneth Paltrow was selling  the same like type of vitamins as Alex Jones,  but they were called something different.
  Oh, I didn't know that.
  I think that story is correct.
  Jason, then you could just do it.
  You could literally just go line by line  and just change the inflection and the lighting  on the video so you could be like,  Jungle Cruise is too woke.
  And then you turn the lights on and you go,  Jungle Cruise is too woke.
  And you give a big thumbs up.
  And then it's like the same, just use the same pattern,  like the same copy.
  You could just have everybody watching your videos.
  Yeah, watch it once and then just flip, you know,  just flip, you know.
 Wow.
  This is a great scheme.
  You're your own sugar and spice.
  The two faces.
 Yes, from Batman Forever.
  Yeah, of course.
  Yeah, so that's, yeah, Debbie Mazar and Drew Barrymore.
  Of course, anyway, we will,  so we've hatched a good scheme of the top here.
  Yeah, but until the channels exist,  we'll get into our thoughts on this film.
  What's the overall summation?  Because if people are not planning on seeing this movie,  but they listen to our podcasts,  they know about the parks,  they know that it is a Jungle Cruise movie,  there's still a number of ways you could have gone  with a Jungle Cruise movie,  including that I didn't know this fact  that the original attempt at making a movie of this  was supposed to be the live action,  the first live action summoning of both Tom Hanks  and Tim Allen.
 Yes.
  They were going to pair up in a non-animated way.
  That was a while, that's almost,  is that a decade ago at this point or more probably?  More potentially, yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that did not get-  Well, I think Hanks is Skipper  and Allen is Upset Traveler, I think,  but that could have been switched.
  You could see that going either way.
  That could be like one of those, the thing, you know,  one of those plays where the actor  switch roles every night.
  Right, Tim Allen, very versatile, he could do it all.
  He could be upset or he could be not upset.
  So yeah, I see it.
  I still, I felt like there was a chance  that was happening up until whatever, four years ago,  but obviously they decided to go  with some current movie stars.
  I mean, I guess Tom Hanks is still a movie star,  but Tim Allen is not.
  Tim Allen's still a star, but not, yeah.
  He's a star, of course.
  He's a star of TV and a star of being interviewed  on Fox News, anyway.
  But what did they do instead?  We get Dwayne Johnson, we get Emily Blunt,  and what are the cliff notes,  the broad strokes of what happened here?  Like where it's set, what they did with it?  Yeah, I mean, you kind of hit the nail on the head  of like what you were saying earlier,  that they bang out a lot of the Jungle Cruise stuff  within the first 15, 20 minutes,  almost like it's a burden to reference  the theme park ride stuff.
  And then it comes back around a little later  when Trader Sam, a character who never really  had much character to begin with,  shows up and doesn't really do a whole lot.
  That's the other theme park element  that comes back around.
 The name is said.
  The character's name is said.
  The name is said.
  I caught it the first time I watched it.
  I had closed caption on, and it said,  Trader Sam, colon, or Trader Sam hands the arrowhead back.
  And I was like, oh, that's, oh.
  It took me, I saw the character  when we were watching the movie,  and then scenes later, somebody said it,  and I went, oh, that's okay, got it.
  So yeah, so maybe not the big reveal,  like it's Nick Fury or something, not a big, I don't know.
  They didn't really underline it for me.
  But also, your average film goer might not be excited  by the name of the Tiki Bar at the Disneyland Hotel.
  Which is mainly why we have any fondness for Trader Sam.
  Like until there was this nice bar, did we care?  We probably didn't care.
  The character is in several different guises anyway,  and then it's problematic and not there anymore.
  So who is like, why not just invent Trader Sam?  Reinvent from Hull Cloth.
  Yeah, it was not on my radar.
  I mean, the pirate in the slop  certainly has been on my radar since I was little.
  But yeah, Trader Sam, I really could not have told you  the name of that character until a few years ago, probably.
  Maybe that's blasphemous, I apologize.
  But so the primary way that the movie is,  or that the ride is represented in the movie  is that Dwayne Johnson is a skipper,  Frank Wolf, Frank Wolf the skipper,  and you see him do kind of his normal jungle cruise.
  I think his company is called the same thing  as it's jungle river expeditions, I wanna say.
  Does that say, that seems like something, right?  I don't think I got it right.
  But maybe I did.
  Jungle navigation company?  Oh, could be, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  All right, don't come at me jungle cruise people.
  It's whatever it is in the ride, is what he does.
  And he pretty quickly, upon meeting him,  after he swings around on the roof of the boat and stuff,  he is telling you corny jokes.
  And they are completely received by the people  he's taking through the jungle as corny jokes.
  Within the world of it, they are groaning.
  They do not like that.
  Somebody's daughter seems particularly repulsed.
  People want this to be over.
  Which is funny.
  It's funny that they took that tack with,  I guess the attitude with the jokes since the 50s  or whenever they started doing the jokes  has always been a little groany.
  But I don't know that it's ever been  how they're responded to in the film,  which is like, we hate you.
  If you weren't strong, we would push you off of this boat.
  Yeah, yeah, they're pretty disgusted with him in the boat.
  Yeah, they react as if he's saying offensive.
  They're just, oh, yeah.
  Yeah, usually with a jungle cruise,  when I go on it once every year,  usually no one's paying attention to what the person's saying  and they're just sort of looking at the robots and stuff.
  Yeah, but rarely are people going, oh.
  So yes, it is an interesting take.
  Yeah, it's an interesting take for everyone.
  But I guess it sort of lets you know a character  and it lets you know that he's not just swarthy  Dwayne Johnson.
  Right.
  These are his character Piccadillo's, is that correct?  You know that he's gonna be sort of annoying.
  And that then when he, because when he meets  Emily Blunt, who is a doctor, a botanist,  they have this kind of standoffish relationship  where they're both calling each other, irritating a lot.
  And that's, I guess, the core of his irritating,  that he's a skipper.
  He likes this corny jokes.
  Yeah.
  And so it's joining on me now,  while he's getting booed in the Amazon over in London,  McGregor, Emily Blunt's brother,  is being booed by a group of like,  they seem to loosely imply a society  of some sort of explorers and adventurers,  but they just keep saying the society.
  So he's getting booed.
  Oh, I don't think I even put that together.
  That's any fiction.
  Oh, that was the society.
  Cause I asked you like 45 minutes or an hour in,  cause there was the talk of it having sea involved,  of course, the society of explorers and adventurers,  the very dense continuity that binds together,  mostly restaurants of the Disney parks, quick service.
  Big water slides, that kind of thing.
  Yeah, water slides, a room in a cruise ship.
  But yeah, I was thinking there would be more  of that mythology, but they kept it very vague.
  Yeah, and they kept it vague.
  I mean, I think it's that they have a crate of artifacts  from Dr.
 Albert Falls' expedition to the Amazon.
  And I guess that's more of the bigger sea nod,  because the rest of sea is kind of like these  faceless stuffy English blowhard,  like guys who are very regressive at the idea of,  whimsical mythology and women having agency.
  Right.
  So they didn't wanna sully the name of sea  with the full name of sea,  because if Ronald D.
 Moore is gonna do a version where  it's not just a bunch of old colonizers,  a bunch of old white colonizers,  then they want it to be a little more pure  so they can make it into a more progressive group.
  I think that's accurate.
  I was expecting what would happen is they would come back  from the Amazon and they would take over the society  and go like, we're doing it different now.
  You know? I see.
  This is fun and not stuffy.
  This is about embracing adventure and excitement.
  Yeah, that didn't really happen.
  They come back and drive a car.
  Spoiler alert, they drive a car.
  They drive a car badly.
  It's sort of like a little pat.
  It feels very Paddington at the end.
  That's a spoiler, but it feels like kind of a goofy,  like little, like brightly colored antics.
  I guess is what I'm thinking.
  Yeah, yeah.
  What's the like, how do you distill  what Emily Blunt is doing?  She is trying to find medicine in the jar,  or like the elements of medicine in a magic tree  that will change the course of medicine.
  And she is thrust into the rickety boat  of this joke prone skipper to do so  and gets more than she bargained for.
  Looking for a magical MacGuffin that will cure all illness.
  Pick up magic.
  Did she get it? I don't remember.
  Well, she gets it.
  Yeah, spoiler for the end of the movie.
  She gets it and then she uses it not to cure illness  to break a curse.
  And then I guess by her good deed, one more bloom happens.
  So it seems to be implied at the end that she does get it  and she'll be able to.
  Okay, I am confused about this as well.
  So she gets a, she used up the thing  that could like cure any disease  to save spoiler alert The Rock?  Yeah, The Rock who turns out to be a 400 year old,  Whoa, whoa.
  You know, curse conquistador.
  Now that's a spoiler alert.
  The Rock is 400 years old.
  Yeah, that's right.
  It's definitely where I perked up again  because I just like broad strokes.
  I was enjoying this for the first half and like,  wow, this is real adventure  and there's kind of some indie vibes  and it's not all CGI goop.
  And then in the last half was a little more CGI goop  and got a little more confusing.
  And I stopped paying attention as much  because I was very tired.
  And then you hear him say,  so I'm approximately 400 years old  and then, oh, I'm listening again.
  Okay, that's quite a number.
  Yeah, he gets stabbed at one point.
  And I think at that point, I'm like, all right,  she's either gonna use the flower on him  or he's 400, he's cursed too.
  And it ended up being both.
  The answer was both.
  The answer for a lot of the questions in this movie  is like, oh, both more, more, more.
  Both or all, all of it.
  All.
  Like, what did you get from the buffet?  Oh, everything.
  I tried all items.
  Yes, I agree.
  There was a, they threw a lot out  because I think, yeah, the first hour is a simpler.
  There's a lot of nonsense happening and a lot of it's fun.
  But then they start throwing like this,  like there's a section where I feel like,  and I know this isn't right,  but it feels like The Rock is explaining stuff  to Emily Blunt for 15 minutes.
  That's too long.
  That's not right, but it felt to me like,  he's still explaining things.
  And we're like 75% of the way through the movie.
  Yeah, they didn't.
  I mean, there's so much going on at a certain point.
  And a lot of it is they're like,  they're cherry picking so many elements of like other movies.
  Like them not getting along  and on a boat going down a river,  that is the African queen pretty much.
  The Humphrey Bogart, a Catherine Hepburn movie.
  There's a fight in a marketplace  that is Raiders of the Lost Ark.
  There's a brother who is like kind of easily befuddled  and doesn't wanna be there.
  That's in the Brendan Fraser Mummy movies.
  What else?  There was like a handful more things where I was like-  Isn't Romancing the Stone  kinda like this a little bit too, like similar dynamic?  I saw, yeah, I saw some reviews mention Romancing the Stone.
  Zombie Conquistadors are kind of similar to zombie pirates  from the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But you gotta give it up for one plot element  that is pretty rare to find, which is a bee man.
  There's a meat, there's a,  we got a man made entirely out of human bees.
  There is a character just like swarm.
  Marvel owns like, or yeah,  Marvel owns swarm technically,  but Sony can make a movie, I guess, of swarm.
  But yes, finally swarm, a version of swarm from Spider-Man.
  And of course, most importantly,  Spider-Man Turn Off the Dark,  the performance on David Letterman.
  Yes.
  A freak like me needs company.
  Yes.
 So finally we have a man made of bees.
  On screen.
  On screen, yes.
  Right, yeah.
  Represented in the movies.
  It was pretty great.
  Oh, there's another element I forgot about  from the African Queen that is so specific,  which that movie involves blowing up  a German warship during World War I.
  And this one involves out maneuvering a German submarine  in the middle of World War I.
  World War I is going on during this movie  on the other side of the world.
  That's another big element.
  Mm-hmm.
  Yes, there's a lot of, yeah,  that you had to explain to me what era we were in.
  But yeah, there's just a lot.
  Like you look at Indiana Jones,  and I know this is gonna sound like old man.
  I'm gonna sound like very old fashioned here,  but it's so, a lot of older movies,  it feels very much simpler.
  They were trying to figure out how to make a movie very lean  and feel like it kind of just floated by.
  And it does feel like most movies now are like,  we're literally going to pummel you with visual information  and just exposition as information.
  And there's gonna be a ton of stuff going on  everywhere you look.
  And that's not necessarily World War I  going out at the same time,  but I'm just saying in general,  this is how it was feeling.
  It was simple, it was like,  you think about Indiana Jones,  it's, there's a guy, he's an adventurer.
  He is at a nuclear testing site.
  He hides in a refrigerator, some gophers pop up.
  He has a greaser son who uses a knife, but it's a comb.
  He, they need a big snake to pull him out of the pit  and he doesn't like snakes.
  Yes, monkey, he swings in the trees as the monkeys do.
  It's a simpler.
  There's a crystal skull.
  Yes, it's paired down.
  And the aliens show up at the end  and their treasure was knowledge.
  The knowledge was the treasure.
  So if you think about that,  just why can't Jungle Cruise be as clean as Indiana Jones?  Yes, I completely agree.
  It's my point exactly.
  So yeah, so there's, so it's hard,  cause really when we start explaining the movie,  we sound like we're out of our minds.
  You'd be like, that's in this movie too?  Yeah, as we jump around 400 years old and bees and  it sounds like we're making the movie up.
  Yeah, a little bit.
  That didn't like, I didn't get that sense from the trailer  that he was 400 years old or that there were mutant bees,  a mutant bee man in there.
  But you need your surprises.
  Let me say this.
  I like the idea that the Jungle Cruise movie  is not beholden to any particular shape or events or  things that need to happen,  other than like a little bit of representation  of elements from the ride,  a little bit of the spirit of the ride,  which I think was in there.
  I think they did embrace just like,  well, this can be any crazy movie we want it to be  as long as the title is that.
  So I give them points for the creativity,  especially with the rock being eternal  and there being a bee man.
  Yes.
  It felt like they were trying,  this is trying to pick up the mantle  of the Pirates franchise as well.
  I, cause Pirates gets, Pirates is like a fantastical  by the end of the first movie,  but not like crazy in your face.
  So, but then as Pirates goes on,  it's like, it gets really wild with like the Kraken and  like different sea monsters and whatever.
  And that stuff, that stuff is fun.
  I don't, I don't, I like that stuff in general.
  So it definitely felt like they were like,  we need to build this thing out.
  So there's a lot of like worlds for us to do six more  Jungle Cruise movies.
  There needs to be a lot going on in the world.
  So we have some like threads for other, other installments.
  But they kind of floor it.
  Like they get all a lot of stuff in the,  in this presumably first one.
  Presumably.
 Yeah.
  And including like a 2020s era,  like filmmaking indulgences like,  oh, everything is very crystal clear.
  No one is dirty despite being in the Amazon  in the African queen,  Humphrey Bogart and Catherine Hepburn  within a few minutes are disgusting.
  They're filthy.
  And that was- Jason, you kept saying that.
  You're like, I want them to be,  I want them to be messier.
  You kept saying.
  Yeah.
 Indiana Jones.
  It should be dirty boys, messy boys.
  And you were playing- Indiana Jones  and Marion are pretty beat up and like scuzzy  by the end of Raiders.
  You were playing in the dirt too,  when you kept saying that,  cause we were in the backyard.
  I was playing in the dirt.
  I wanted them to get dirty too.
  It only stuck out with me cause there's some very obvious  like 3D shots.
  Yes.
 And then I started to notice how like,  wow, everything is very brightly lit.
  It's that great.
 It's that weird part early on  where they're, you're heading straight for a tree branch.
  And like, what's one of the only things in the movie  shot like this, where a branch is coming right at you.
  That is very, like very weird to be watching not  in a 3D setting or in a theater for that matter.
  Yeah.
  That may as well have been the Muppets 3D,  where like the, no, what's his name?  Grant, what's, what's the character's name?  I apologize.
  The 3D Muppet.
  The Spear Waldo.
 Waldo C.
 Grafik.
  Waldo C.
 Grafik.
 Thank you.
  When he's got, he shoots his nose at you.
  Yeah, that may as well have been that.
  And they really keep going back to it too.
  It's not like a quick thing.
  It's like, this is 3D.
  They should, if they really wanted to show it off,  they should have had a big boa constrictor  that swallowed a yo-yo and it's tied to his tongue.
  So every time his mouth opens.
  Mm-hmm.
  Please Skippa, we're being whipped in the head  with the yo-yo again.
  Yeah, that I was, I wondered like, did they put that in?  Cause like, were they planning on having like  a theme park preview and they would have played  this part in the theme park?  I don't know if that's really.
 Oh, interesting.
  The way that they'll show just a little bit of,  yeah, yeah, that would have been a good zone.
  Cause yeah, that would have been,  that would have been the scene to show.
  It's got the most theme park jungle crew stuff in it.
  And everybody gets 3D glasses before they would go in there,  whether it be the Muppets Theater before Mickey's  Filar Magic or the, whatever, the Captain Neo Theater.
  So maybe it would make sense.
  Cause it's the only thing that's so blatantly like 3D  like that.
  Well, when he falls, I think there's someone jumps  or falls and throws an arrowhead.
  There's an arrowhead that's very important  to the plot of this movie.
  But it's not, it's kind of an arrowhead.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  There's other stuff.
  There's like weird, like there's very cumbersome.
  They try very hard to go like, and by the way,  people in the past were stupid and regressive,  but in the future where this movie was made,  we're on the right side of things.
  But then they try to have it both ways.
  Like Emily Blunt's, the brother character McGregor is gay,  but he's a kind, and he comes out to the rock  and the rock accepts that and is fine with it.
  But then he's kind of a caricature,  like the rest of the movie.
  And so I don't quite know what they were trying to do there.
  Similarly, the indigenous tribe,  I don't know what you were supposed to take away.
  The leader of them is Trader Sam.
  She speaks perfect English.
  The rest of them do not speak English.
  And so they just took all of the like indigenous people  out of the ride, but in the movie,  they're like amazed by this British aristocrat  and his golf clubs.
  And then they are also scam artists.
  They are in on the scams that the rock runs  with his riverboat tourists.
  So I'm like, what were you trying to do here?  What was the takeaway with this?  Well, I mean, I would first, I would say like,  at least unlike Loki, they didn't just like write down  on a piece of paper that the character was gay.
  I was like, that was a good, that was a positive step  in the right direction.
  It was a secret.
  Like now we know it, but it's not right now.
  It's not reflected in any scene or dialogue or  but in the script, but it's like Disney gets, you know,  you like, it's at this point, like you get such little  amounts of any of this stuff.
  You're like, oh, wow.
  Like, it feels like a huge step and you're like,  what year is it again?  Yeah.
 Why was the dialogue so cumbersome in that?  So like they were trying to say it, but also like hide it.
  Well, I know this is like, we gotta make sure  that like it'll go over grandma's head  if she's upset about something like this.
  But if you know, you know, it's still like, just,  I don't know, say it.
  I don't know.
  Is it really gonna, is the world gonna fall apart?  If the character says that like, I am gay, I don't know.
  It's crazy at this point, but Disney's like so conservative.
  You're right.
  They got one more generation to get through  and then once they're not watching things anymore.
  And then yeah, in 35 years,  in 35 years, they'll do like a Lucas style edit  where they edit in him saying, I am gay.
  And then the rock will say, I accept that.
  And then that'll be it.
  And then people like retroactively,  you'll think they had done something  that was more progressive.
  They, in the same, like with Emily Blunt's character is,  is, you know, has so many lines about like, yeah,  I am wearing pants and I am a doctor and scientists.
  And it's like, okay, yeah, that's, that's cool.
  I like her and she does a lot of fun stuff.
  She gets to do fight scenes.
  She gets to do pratfalls.
  She gets to be the competent one.
  And then I remember like, isn't this the same company  that blurred a butt from like a 30 year old movie?  Like what, what is the direction of this movie?  Splash?  Splash?  They blurred like.
  Right, right, right, right.
  Yeah, Bo Derek walking away.
  Jason, if you're trying to look for like perfect cohesive  rules, I think you're, you're going to be really lost here.
  Cause obviously some of this shit doesn't make any sense.
  I, you, I, one of you said like,  I think we had all watched space jam separately.
  And, and, or maybe it was set on blank check that you can  just feel the notes in that movie.
  And I was like, oh, you can feel the notes in this movie.
  You can see, feel the executive notes in this one.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I, they're,  they're all over the place with certain things.
  I mean, if as far as like there was Darryl Hannah's nude,  but is that right?  You can't see that on Disney plus.
  Is that what the deal is?  I think she's wearing a bathing suit,  but it's just like slightly too revealing.
  It's too much.
  Plus standards.
  It's too much, but for Disney standards.
  Yeah.
 For the regular viewers of them,  the mysterious Benedict society,  you don't want the children scandalized.
  I mean, the cut, look, it should be on Hulu.
 Okay.
  That's where that should live.
  Hulu is for that rowdier entertainment.
  Now of course I'm pro censoring bathing suits.
  People in bathing suits.
  Well, I know who I'm talking to.
  But no, you're, you're correct that all this stuff  is a little bit all over the place.
  And I would imagine.
  Ariel should be in a one piece.
  I think that's what I said at the time.
  I said that at the time I was a little,  I said Ariel should be in a one piece.
  What is she doing?  And then when I was, I was what?  Multiple shells, shells down to the navel.
  Bigger shells.
  One big, she should be in one big shell mommy.
  I said, I'm fine.
  Isn't it what you don't see?  Doesn't that make it more intriguing?  Think about it.
  Yeah.
 So, you know, I, you know what side I've been on  as far as, as bathing suits censoring,  but yes, no, you're correct at all.
  If you really want to track all this stuff,  it's not going to all be,  it's not going to all be on the exact same scale.
  Can you not go on Disney Plus and see  when Roger Rabbit runs by a sign that says rigid tools?  That's my favorite of the things of that era  when they were, when there were the little hidden things,  because some of them are like, I don't know,  is the priest getting a boner and little mermaid or is,  are they really whispering all teenage,  all good teenagers have sex?  Is that what's being said?  And take off their clothes.
  That's what it is.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Some of them are like, I don't know, maybe, but for sure.
  And I made, I made sure I Googled it.
  Rigid tools Disney.
  It's a very satisfying search to do.
  And the thing is not the most offensive thing  you've ever seen.
  It's just like a woman,  it's a woman in a bikini grinding on a saw.
  It's so weird.
  Just that phrase is so insane that it's in.
  I don't even remember which short it's in, but yeah.
  They're letting me do it.
  Rigid tools should be in the background of every movie.
  Should have been in the lookers too.
  Is that, is that, and you're asking if we can see that?  Cause I don't, is that on Disney plus?  I don't believe, I don't know if the short is,  I forget which one it's from.
  I'm sure that's just a Google away.
  Trail mix up is the name of the short.
  Well, we'll look into it.
  And if it is, I will write an email to Disney  telling them to take it down.
  I'm sure it's, I think this was a,  I think the reason that anyone even knew about this  was laser discs.
  Oh yeah, look at this, I've never read this.
  They, they suddenly recalled all the laser discs  and people asked, hey Disney,  why'd you recall the one laser disc  that had that one cartoon?  And they said, inadequate gluing.
  Oh.
  Which then they're throwing the laser disc company  under the bus and they, they had to come out and say,  look, our gluing is perfectly,  we have never had issues with the gluing.
  If Disney wants to recall a cartoon for any other reason,  that's their prerogative.
  Inadequate, inadequate gluing also sounds disgusting.
  That also sounds filthy.
  That could also be on a poster behind.
  Yeah, that's gross too.
  But that's, you know, what's funny about this is,  you know, Disney of course just had this big  public argument or whatever with Scarlett Johansson  because she sued Disney because of the profits  for Black Widow because they put it on streaming.
  So it wasn't technically what she negotiated in a contract.
  And they were very petulant in the response,  basically saying, how can you do this to us  during a pandemic?  But they were just real shitty  and they were shitty to that laser disc company.
  It seems like nothing's changed there at least.
  They're on the same type of response  that they've had for 30 plus years.
  Yeah.
  Well, they've always been,  there's that story about them suing a preschool  that without permission painted the characters on the wall.
  That's when they were real moths.
  I think maybe they're better at hiding it now.
  Like, let's see if we can do these things quietly.
  But you'd think they'd be much better though.
  And when they told the LA Times,  they weren't allowed to review movies earlier,  like anymore because they gave something,  or no, they printed that Disneyland article  that was criticizing the way they were paying people.
  And they were like, well, you aren't gonna get  to watch our movies early then.
  And then a bunch of movie reviewers were like,  all right, we gotta boycott you until you turn this back.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It seems like they really can't hide the petulance.
  The Scarlet thing was like extremely old school.
  That's crazy.
  That's like what a studio would have done in the 30s.
  Yes.
  That's like some-  This dumb broad.
  She doesn't even know there's a disease out there.
  Some guy with a big cigar,  some cartoonish executive.
  Yeah.
 Just like, take a note.
  Take a note.
  Print this verbatim.
  Print whatever I say.
  I don't even want a second guess from you.
  And they did and they printed it.
  And everyone was like, geez.
  And I would encourage all of my screen actor comrades,  you sued, Disney should always be being sued all the time.
  Like all comic book writers who created stuff  that's in the movies.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, sue them.
  The only way they get paid is they come out  and go like, I have made,  like Ed Brubaker co-created The Winter Soldier was like,  I made more money doing a cameo in the movie  than any residuals from creating like this kind of  new spin of a character, you know?  And it's like, yeah, everyone should be suing  for the shares of these billions of dollars they reap.
  ABS, always be suing.
  That's right.
  That's what we're saying here.
  Start the suit and then think of a reason.
  Just like get it moving and then you'll figure it out.
  It'll like, you know, like having a deadline  will prompt you to figure it out.
  Yeah, of course.
 It's California.
  They're in California.
  This is the most, one of the most litigious states  in the nation.
  It's just second nature to just be in the courts.
  Are we a litigious state?  Is that really?  I think it's a pretty litigious state, isn't it?  How do you determine that?  I don't know.
  I gotta look into this.
  Well, that says that on all the postcards.
  Yeah.
  If you went down Hollywood Boulevard.
  The most litigious state in the nation.
  You know, just so we don't get too far  without talking about it,  there is a component of this movie  that I think we're all very fond of.
  And that is, I'm so excited to say his name.
  Nilo Nemolato.
  It's Nemo Nemolato, everybody.
  Paul Giamatti's character.
  Did I know his full name while watching it?  I can't say I did.
  I had to look it up.
  I had to know.
  I did not know Paul Giamatti was in the movie.
  I guess I never saw a trailer.
  What a delight and what an insane look.
  What an insane voice.
  I think sometimes I fail to add up  how much I love Paul Giamatti  and the many faces of Paul Giamatti  from dyed blue and big fat liar  to quite noble as John Adams  to looking very insane as Nilo Nemolato  who charges Skipper Frank to perk in his dock.
  Love him, right?  Like he's, that was all great.
  I was really hoping there was gonna be a lot more of him.
  Him and I also, I love that they cast Jesse Plemons  in this movie, a great actor.
  And they, I don't know if they encouraged him  or this was his choice.
  They probably encouraged him,  but he's doing a like Colonel Clink German act,  like a cartoon German accent that I,  it's just a funny choice.
  Yeah, he's in a submarine.
  He's in a crazy military dress for a while.
  There's a scene where he plays off a CGI beat.
  Like he's having an interaction with a CGI B.
  Oh yeah, that's nuts.
  Yeah, I'm like, yeah, more of this.
  And also you have these two great actors.
  I think you have your antagonists.
  I think you don't need.
  Yeah, resurrected conquistadors  being cursed by the jungle itself.
  That's sort of what I was sort of saying earlier  where there's all of a sudden this big exposition thing.
  It's like all of a sudden there's like a new bad guy.
  And I was like, I thought we had,  I thought the German guy was the bad guy.
  He was shooting at them in a tank or not a tank,  excuse me, a submarine.
  Submarine movie.
  He's such a clear, fun, old school bad guy.
  Like both Jesse Plummons and Paul Giamatti  felt to me like it was like 60s movie performances.
  It was like, I don't really know what the movie Skadoo is,  but it's like a big nuts movie  with Groucho Marx and a zillion cameos.
  And you could tell nobody's like thinking  about what the character is.
  They're all just like, all right, what is it?  Yeah, I'll come have fun with you.
  And that's how these guys, like, they just, I don't know,  there's a very, or like maybe like a mad,  mad world kind of quality to it.
  Like they're just like having a blast.
  You're not really supposed to buy  that there anybody but them.
  You just go, Jesse Plummons is a crazy German guy  and Paul Giamatti is a crazy Italian guy, I think.
  I think.
  It's something.
  It's sort of, it almost feels like New Orleans-y too.
  It's a big accent collision that I really enjoyed.
  They both could have been Batman 66 villains.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  That's how it felt actually.
  Jesse Plummons driving the tank around.
  That felt exactly like the penguin shooting missiles.
  Find some actors that'd be like,  look, there's no restrictions  for how much scenery you can chew.
  You can do whatever you want, like just go nuts.
  Yeah.
  I think that's right.
  And I think the best parts of the movie have that vibe.
  Like I like the Emily Blunt is like in disguise  in a library and there's a bunch of crazy ladder antics.
  And I was like, oh, I'm into that.
  I also want to say, I don't think this is a bad movie.
  I think it's just like a complicate,  like unnecessarily complicated overburdened movie.
  Like-  You're a money third act.
  Yeah.
  When we were watching it, everyone seemed to be like,  oh, okay, yeah, that's all right.
  That's all right.
  And then one of you said, how long is left?  And we pulled it up and it's at 36 minutes that we went,  oh, no.
  Well, and more drinks were gotten and you know,  maybe we're-  Yeah.
  Might be why we're fuzzier.
  You know, if you think we're moving on  from Nilo Nemolaro, we're not.
  We're talking about Nilo Nemolaro today.
  I sensed it.
  Jason went and moved fast and I go,  Scott is not done with Nilo.
  No, I'm fine with that.
  I didn't mean to divert the flow of the river.
  No, I'm completely, yeah.
  The river's flowing back to Nilo as it always has and will.
  Cause I looked up about his making the choice  and cause we were talking about it.
  It just seemed like, it almost felt like he said,  I will do this movie if I can do a voice  that I've never done in a movie before.
  And the reality of it was sort of, because he, okay,  so he's in like kind of a seersucker suit  and he's got a crazy mustache and he's got a cockatoo.
  And so his actual story on this, this is from Men's Health,  was that he was asked to join the movie  and there was not a lot of character there.
  And they just said, do something with it.
  Just make this more than is there.
  And then he started thinking about the accent  and then he said, here's what I want.
  I want to have a monkey who lights my cigars.
  And that's, then I will do the movie.
  And they talked to him more and they said,  well, this is Disney,  so cigars are not really on the table for us.
  Oh man.
  And also just monkey logistics  is gonna be a little crazy.
  And then he said, what about a cockatoo?  And they said, yes.
  And then he was in and he,  then he spoke very eloquently about loving birds  and how he's worked with birds before  and how you like form a special connection with them.
  And he thought about adopting the bird.
  He almost like, wow.
  Like he would have become Nilo Nimalado in real life.
  Just always, Paul Giamatti always had a cockatoo.
  With him.
  That would be awesome.
  Oh, how else could you like him more?  If he, oh, I know.
  If he always had a bird on talk shows  and red carpets wherever he goes, the best.
  Oh, more co, and the cockatoo is written out pretty early.
  I would, if the cockatoo was like a wisecracking  throughout it, I would be like, okay,  yeah, fun summer movie.
  But like, no, get them out of here.
  The cockatoo does say something.
  I think something about like,  Frank has my money or something.
  Frank owes me money.
  Frank owes me money.
  So then I was like, well, I like this cockatoo a lot.
  And is there more there?  Is there, like, did the cockatoo have a name  and was this cut or anything?  And this is really why I'm bringing it back to this point.
  The cockatoo's name is Rosita.
  That's Rosita, you guys.
  We all missed it.
  That's the bird from the tropical hideaway,  which thus ties Enchanted Tiki Room and all this.
  That's the bird that's missing from Enchanted Tiki Room,  who's been the animatronic  at the Jungle Cruise Adjacent Restaurant for a while.
  Yeah, that's Rosita.
  Like, and that's a weird other, like,  why didn't we know that?  Why wasn't that broadcasted?  Is that even said out loud?  I don't know, did we miss it?  I don't know.
  That's a wow, yeah.
  No, I don't even know if that was said out loud.
  That's just an extra little thing.
  That makes me love the movie suddenly more,  knowing that, like, they tied, like,  a pretty obscure animatronic into, it's in it.
  Pretty neat.
 Yeah.
  It is in it, wow.
  That is okay.
  Well, I like that.
  And it also makes me feel like bases are more covered  in terms of putting in little Disney nerd Easter eggs.
  Like, that's a pretty big one.
  It wasn't in the way.
  I enjoyed the cockatoo,  but they didn't hit you over the head with it either.
  Great.
  Love Rosita, love Nilo, and then Malato.
  Yeah, Malato.
  Wow, that's great.
  I brought up Scott, Giamatti, and Amazing Spider-Man 2.
  And Jason, you have not seen this either, correct?  Yeah, correct.
  But I remember, like, the paparazzi pictures  when they were shooting was very funny,  and the rig was-  I just want to show you guys, just,  I know this indulged me for a second here.
  I'm here live on Park Avenue and 56th Street,  where it is complete chaos.
  A man in some sort of weaponized armored suit  is wreaking havoc on Midtown.
  He's so giddy in this giant suit.
  So he's, yeah, so he's a-  he's like a Russian gangster guy.
  This is very insane.
  This is the end of the movie.
  Good boy.
  Huh?  This is the performance you do in a Muppet movie.
  Yes.
  So anyway, I mean, you get the-  Yeah, boy.
  I was this enthusiastic about him  even before he was Dr.
 Eugene Landy.
  So imagine after, when I watch him, you know,  smacking burgers out of poor Brian Wilson's mouth,  now I'm like, this is one of the finest.
  What a gift.
  He's great.
  Yeah.
  And I think that's-  I guess the disappointment for me  is that there isn't more of him.
  Like, he's pretty much, like,  it's sort of a 15-minute performance.
  And by the way, I got some of this info  from an article in Decider by Anna Mento as the writer  that was like, this character is a treasure.
  Like, there was a whole article about why this is great.
  And then went into the behind the scenes.
  So, you know, not the only Nilo head out there, Nilo.
  I might have said it wrong every time, I don't know.
  Put him on the ride of all the characters.
  Well, that's what I was gonna get at.
  I thought we could drive to that.
  Like, what, if they were gonna put anything  from the movie into the ride.
  And yeah, for sure that.
  Where does he go though?  One robot in every scene.
  Oh, man.
  Well, you know he's climbing the pole.
  That's a guy you want, like,  yelling about being stuck on the pole.
  Maybe he's drowning in the water.
  Maybe piranhas are nipping at his heels.
  Perhaps, perhaps.
  Biting his stash.
  I don't hate that.
  I think, yeah, he could be.
  Writing a hippo.
  Oh, oh, he's in the hippo's mouth.
  Like, you just see like a hippo opens its mouth  and like his head pokes out like, hey, help me.
  I'm being eaten alive.
  Yes.
  Isn't this fun?  Yes.
  None of us could attempt to do the voice.
  There's no, like, how would you even?  I have to watch,  I had to watch a movie a couple times.
  Yeah, I think, I was saying last night,  I think it is supposed to be Italian  because I believe there's a Italian expat population  in Brazil or in South America.
  Okay, yeah.
  But it, yeah, it truly, it's very fun.
  You know, a thing I liked,  I did like Proxima, the giant large cat,  the rock's cat, as part of one of his scams.
  And there's a thing later in the movie  that I thought very sweet,  which was because the rock has lived for so long,  he's had like every generation of this cat.
  Like he's adopted a new cat every time an old one dies  and he names them all Proxima.
  And I was like, oh, that's nice.
  I like that.
  I'll accept the CG cat, the cute CG cat.
  So we put him in the CG cat hall of fame along with,  what have, what, you know, father of the pride.
  Sarmati?  Yeah, Sarmati.
  Yeah, does Proxima dethrone Sarmati?  Don't we hate Sarmati?  Yeah, we hated Sarmati.
  Yeah, Sarmati was extremely hateful.
  We really don't like it.
  Sarmati was most hateful.
  Yeah.
  You, I think Scott said early about Proxima,  Proxima, is that what his name?  Yeah.
  I think Scott said he looks so goofy,  he may as well talk.
  Yeah, it's like close enough.
  Like, you know, it could be singing like,  you know, John Favreau, Timon and Pumbaa.
  Yes, you know, and honestly,  after they introduced all the fantastical stuff at the end,  he may as well have started talking at the end.
  Like, oh, by the way, I can talk.
  Like just a quick one at the end.
  What a cruise.
  It's a livin'.
  Yeah.
  But I, yes, I agree.
  I like that, that he has all the cats.
  The rock is the rock.
  He does his rock thing.
  Yeah.
  He knows how to do it.
  He's very, the robotic nature of him, like,  isn't there almost like a,  you'd never think of this,  cause he's like a big tough guy,  but isn't there almost like a Shatner-esque,  just that it's always exactly the same.
  Every single line is more the same than the last.
  Staccato gets louder than quieter.
  It's like, he sort of has one way he says stuff.
  And it's a very charming way.
  I really like him.
  Yeah, the Shat, it's, Shatner's interesting  cause yeah, when you think of the Shatner delivery,  it is very melodramatic and it's said in the same way.
  I'm trying to think of there's a good parallel to him.
  Cause yeah, he, it's like he's got one speed  and he just does it and it works.
  And it's not like some of the other classic,  like actors who are like, like Steven Seagal,  who's like completely like emotionless and wooden,  and you get no like warmth from the actor.
  Maybe that's wrong.
  Maybe this is Steven Seagal movie where he brings you  to tears.
  I don't know, I apologize to the Seagal fans,  but yeah, I, he's got, he knows how to do his thing.
  He's very good at it and he doesn't stray very far.
  Yeah, you can like set your watch to it.
  Yeah.
  It's very precise.
  He's very modern, obviously in the movie too.
  Like if the movie's old, like everybody else is sort of like  playing a period piece and he's like not,  he's doing his thing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't think people looked like that back then.
  I don't think that was achievable.
  How jacked were people a hundred years ago?  That is a question and I'll turn it to the listeners  to help us out here.
  Who was the most jacked a hundred years ago?  The most jacked man of 1912.
  Maybe we can look it up too.
  I also want to confirm that Jason is-  But you know how bodybuilders from back there had like,  back then had like big bellies.
  Like- Yes.
  You know, the guys and they're like holding the big barbells  like all like look crazy.
  Yeah.
  So Jason is correct.
  California is the most litigious state.
  So congratulations to us.
  Yeah.
  It's also very large.
  So just the sheer on average-  There's a lot of people here as well.
  A lot of people, a lot of cases.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, I like Emily Blunt too.
  Yeah.
  I think she's a good, I think both of them are charming.
  That they're both doing their thing that they're good at.
  I don't know that it exactly makes like chemistry,  like playing off of each other.
  You're saying you don't believe them as lovers?  Yeah.
  And that's the, yeah, the romance angle kind of came late  and kind of just seemed like another,  there's just so many things happening this week.
  There's so much going on.
  I agree.
  I would have preferred they stayed friends.
  They didn't need to smut up my movie with kissing.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that also felt a little like, yeah, toward the end.
  Like, oh, by the way, they can kiss now.
  Where it was like, oh, I didn't feel like  that was going that way.
  And then it happens.
  I mean, that happens sometimes.
  Yeah, because they had zero chemistry  and didn't get along,  you might think that they wouldn't kiss.
  Yeah, and it's not like that like tense not getting along  where the tension is just like,  you're waiting to cut it with a knife  and it's like obviously masking something.
  There's a-  It's not like the-  Oh, go ahead.
  I was just gonna say, no, you say your thing  because mine is about to veer us into another track  and it's big.
  Oh, mine was going through too, which is just,  I'm just comparing it in terms of the great Disney kisses.
  I mean, you gotta go, it's like, it's a lady in the tramp  and then the electric chemistry of Kylo Ren and-  Well, you are actually saying the exact thing  I was about to say.
  You were going right where-  Oh my God.
  That's like the sexiest scene in cinema.
  There's a big argument about that kiss  at the end of Rise of Skywalker.
  I think, and I'm not telling a tale out of school,  Evan Susser says the kiss is good  at the end of Rise of Skywalker  when Kylo Ren and Rey kiss.
  And I know he also just said,  he also just was saying some good things about Green Day  so I don't know if I can trust the-  Well, that's fair.
  So maybe, yeah, maybe his opinion, but you know what?  I think I agree with him that the kiss  at the end of Rise of Skywalker is good.
  And it makes sense.
  It's flawed.
 Why?  Because there is like, it's more of like one of those,  it's like the end of Speed  where the two characters have just gone through  some crazy nightmarish thing.
  And obviously Kylo Ren has done a lot of bad stuff  and he's about to die.
  And it's not like it redeems him,  but it's literally just like the two characters,  like there's an emotion,  like they have to get this just crazy amount of emotion out.
  And that's how it- A release of tension.
  A release of tension.
  And I think, I agree.
  Look, the Rise of Skywalker, does it have problems?  Sure.
  But I do think the kiss, as Evan Susser said, is good.
  Well, similarly, another movie-  Wait, you thought that though before he said it?  Like you're in the theater and you think to yourself,  this is good.
  I don't know that I even had a take on it.
  I don't think I necessarily was even,  look, Rise of Skywalker, they throw a lot at you.
  So you're trying to figure out  exactly what's going on a lot of the time.
  You're being the most political I've ever seen.
  That's another movie.
  That's another modern movie  where there's just so many things.
  Like it's just a club sandwich.
  There's just so many layers.
  There's so much going on.
  And it's like-  I think I laughed.
  I think I laughed when they kissed.
  I think the whole audience laughed where I saw it.
  Yeah.
  I think my memory is they laughed.
  It's so out of, it's just like-  It is out of place.
  You're almost like, wait, yeah, were they?  Was that the vibe even?  That was the vibe in the second movie.
  That was in Last Jedi.
  That is the vibe.
  There's like a weird like-  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Horny thing going on when they're telepathically  communicating with each other.
  But then it hasn't been in Rise at all.
  It hasn't been in Rise of Skywalker.
  And then it happens at the end and it seems weird.
  And he's like PJs which makes it all funny too.
  After the thing about it.
  His wardrobe I think is funny.
  Yeah, his wardrobe is funny.
  He's in theater blacks.
  He's in stage crew blacks.
  That's what it is.
  That's what it is.
  He's trying to be invisible  while moving a chair around.
  And like he kills the Knights of Ren  who were missing in the last movie.
  And you're still not sure who the Knights of Ren exactly are.
  They're in the coffee table book.
  They're in that coffee table book.
  So is Constable Zuvio.
  Constable Zuvio, yeah.
  I wanted her to give just a little gentle kiss  to the top of the head of Babu Frick.
  Babu Frick gentle Babu.
  Probably one of my favorite new character.
  We all love Babu Frick.
  He's so cute.
  Oh yeah.
  Please.
  He pops up in the big star fight,  in the big battle at the end.
  And he's like, yeah.
  Like everyone loves that.
  The audience loves that.
  Yeah, we'll all kiss him.
  Sure.
  Yeah, Mark Kaur, whatever we've said about this movie,  we would all happily kiss Babu Frick.
  Yes, easily kiss Babu Frick.
  So yeah, so as far as kissing,  I think the Rey, Kylo kiss more appropriate  than the kissing from the rocket  and only blunt in this movie.
  That's my stance on it at least.
  True thing.
  I don't wanna speak for everyone, but that's yeah.
  Sure.
  Now I guess you got another movie building up to it.
  This is, yeah.
  They're just like not getting along mostly.
  Right.
  But I don't know.
  Yeah, I agree.
  She's good.
  That whole ladder sequence.
  I think this whole thing is like,  this is a cable movie.
  This is like, if that even exists anymore,  it's hard to say.
  But right, isn't this the kind of thing you'd like,  oh, this is on.
  You're in a hotel room.
  You're like killing time before you go out to dinner.
  All right, I'll watch 20 minutes of Jungle Cruise.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  Since I started watching AEW Wrestling, which is on TNT,  I have now gotten a little bit more back in the habit  of that, which is something we all used to do a lot more  when stuff wasn't streaming.
  But you know, TNT, it'll like,  they're always showing like Kong Skull Island  and I'm catching 20 minutes of Kong Skull Island  before or after watching like a show on TNT.
  You have watched Ben Affleck  in The Accountant a dozen times now.
  Tony Schiavone or Jim Ross talking about like,  you know, coming up next, The Accountant,  Ben Affleck's The Accountant.
  Like, I go, okay, I'm watching 10 minutes of The Accountant.
  I do miss that.
  I wish we had that happen more.
  But yes, this would be a good movie for that.
  And maybe it'll be on TNT.
  I'm not sure how their contracts work with Disney  if they're keeping it off of like networks like that.
  Although Star Wars still plays  on some of these other cable networks.
  But those contracts-  Star Wars and Marvel, I think.
  Yeah, you're right.
  And I don't know if those are probably old contracts.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, I think probably going for, you know, people,  there's still a significant portion of the population  who, you know, have cable television  and maybe don't have any or, you know,  only one or two streaming options.
  Right, of course.
  So yeah.
  So there you go.
  It's a hotel movie.
  It's cable-y.
  And, you know, which that's not a compliment.
  You know, yeah, I think I would,  if this was just on, I would put it on,  which a lot of things you wouldn't say.
  I like, think about it.
  I don't know if we've like really talked about  a kind of movie adjacent to,  a new movie adjacent to what we are interested in  maybe since Aladdin.
  And that was hell.
  Aladdin, that Aladdin, it's god awful.
  This was nowhere near that.
  You know, there's like real film-  That Aladdin as much as you did, I don't think.
  Is that right?  I thought, was I the only one?  God, I hate it.
  I wasn't wild about it.
  But when I, I think I was on Guy Ritchie's IMDB  or Wikipedia the other day,  I saw after Aladdin, he made like two in a row,  Guy Ritchie, like comedy, gangster, ensemble move.
  And I'm like, I, Mike reminded me recently  the Martin Scorsese, like one for them, one for me,  sort of thing.
  And I was like, well, Guy Ritchie got to make  a couple of his like, you know, kooky gangster movies.
  Like, yeah, he's got to make Aladdin every now and then.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Sure.
  Well, I don't know.
  I had a decent time.
  I saw Man-Made Bees.
  I saw Jesse Plemons talk to a bee.
  And I met Nilo Nimalato and that's not too bad.
  So do we recommend it?  Do we, I don't know if we have any like movie scale here.
  Exactly.
  I know how to recommend this because like, yeah,  it's overly complicated.
  They're definitely trying to milk it for some like takes  or some memes.
  And I don't think that's going to happen.
  But I would recommend you wait until whatever.
  I think the date is already floating around out there,  October or November, when it just switches over  on Disney Plus.
  So anyone with Disney Plus can watch it.
  I would say watch it.
  Yeah, sure.
  No, put it on there.
  Definitely.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's for sure do that.
  But if you, yeah, if you're way into, I guess, the actors  or if you like the sound of a hammy,  Paul Giamatti performance, sure, go ahead.
  Give it a go.
  And of course, you know, watch it in order to pay tribute  to the rock of an actor who has respect for the pandemic  that we've all been through.
  Who isn't callous, like certain other Disney stars  who probably if you follow the logic,  doesn't believe in the vaccines.
  I mean, like, I think Disney has outed  one of the great monsters of our time.
  And this is good.
  They need to be more candid in their press releases,  I think.
  I think, yeah, anyone who has a grievance with them  in the last year and a half,  those people having the grievance are the problem.
  Do you think his people behind the scenes just went,  you're putting on Disney Plus,  you gotta get him some more money.
  Like they just very quietly went like,  this is one of the top five biggest stars in the world.
  Don't fuck with us.
  You know, don't get us.
  Ari Emanuel gave it a call, gave a call probably.
  That's right.
  That's how stuff gets done.
  Yeah.
  Still phone calls in this town.
  Lots of, yeah.
  You gotta be careful.
  It's the most litigious state in the country.
  That's right.
  You'll be wishing you were on La Guilla,  on the Amazon, you know, the boat,  the name of his boat that I'm probably butchering.
  You'll be wishing you were on his boat  filled with magazine cutouts of drawings of cars  and fancy suits.
  That's right.
  All right.
  Well, you survived the cruise.
  You survived podcasts to ride the second gate.
  If you, A, if you liked the cruise,  our names are Scott, Mike, and Jason.
  And if you didn't like the cruise and our names are,  you know, Frank, Sally, and Ben, right?  That's like a kind of joke they would do, right?  That's, yeah, exactly.
  Sort of the format of a, okay, okay, great.
  So I wrapped it up in the style, mission accomplished.
  Keep it tuned here for three bonus episodes every month.
  And yeah, we'll see you out there on the river.
  We'll see you on La Guilla.
  Bye.
