 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to podcast the Rye the Second Gate  where today class is in session.
  Please all rise for our national anthem.
  We pledge allegiance to all of the podcasts  the Rye characters, the bad boys of Boston,  and of course Josh Demaro, the hunkiest Disney executive  in the history of the company  and of hunky men in general.
  My name is Professor Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always Professor Jason Sheridan.
  That's right, Michael is tenured  and I'm his associate or adjunct.
  Yes, exactly.
  But you kind of are like more like a penny  on Inspector Gadget where you know more than I do  even though I'm sort of the guy in charge.
  I suppose that's right but you have more gadgets and such.
  I do have more gadgets.
  But here let's bring in our star pupil Scott Gardner here.
  Well sorry, I'm hung up on the bad boys of Boston.
  Are you Aerosmith you mean?  Oh I'm talking about Aerosmith, yeah.
  I was pledging allegiance to Aerosmith, yeah.
  So Aerosmith is enough of a tenant of the podcast for you  that to just put it in, not say their name  despite the fact we've never used that phrase.
  Like that's clear, that's fine, people know.
  I think I used that phrase on the last episode with Mookie.
  I think I said the bad boys of Boston,  or I could be wrong, I used it once I'm pretty sure.
  I guess it being recent might help.
  But I still take issue with bad boys of Boston  being like well of course,  if when you listen to podcasts,  one of the main things you're gonna hear about  is the bad boys of Boston.
  Well if you hear about the bad boys of Boston  from the bad boys of Burbank.
  I can't argue with that.
  I also texted Jason like two minutes ago and said,  who should we pledge allegiance to when we start class?  And he was like, I don't know,  the Boulevard of Broken Dreams?  And I was like, yeah I don't know, I'll say something.
  Well you were mixing up national anthems and pledges  I realize in this moment.
  You know what, we should honestly,  this looks kinda like this,  we should honestly just pledge  that we should be true to our school.
  That is really what we should be saying.
  As his heroes, the bad boys of.
  Every girl or guy, yeah.
  But not allegiance to loud braggarts.
  Exactly.
  We don't like loud braggarts.
  This might be genuinely true  that that is my least favorite Beach Boys song.
  That's maybe like an indefensible one.
  And I like the crap.
  I like their 1985 self-titled album  from the producer of Culture Club  where they started using drum machines.
  Really, you don't like to be true to your school.
  Be true to your school is a tough one to defend.
  As I've said, my wife does not like the Beach Boys  and she'll bring that one up.
  Like what about be true to your school?  And I'm like, yeah, I can't help.
  I look, there's no defense there, I got no defense.
  It's funny, it's like a funny novelty Beach Boys song.
  I think that's the key.
  Imagine if that had been done by something  by like the Summer Singers  and you never heard of the group again.
  That would make sense.
  Like that could be like a Monster Mash anomaly  from some crap band with no more hits.
  Interesting.
  I know what you're saying, but it's funny  because yeah, there is a lot of garbage in the catalog.
  And I think that song is not offensive.
  It's just maybe kind of, yeah,  it does feel a little more like a novelty song.
  It's not as good as the good 60s music,  but it's not as funny bad as what they did  as they got older and crazier.
  Right.
  That's interesting.
  Yeah, I need it to go either way.
  I need one type of meat on that bone.
  That's stuff you need to talk about  on your upcoming Beach Boys podcast.
  Cause that's an interesting take I hadn't thought about.
  I'm working the serious angle  cause I do think this has to be traditional radio  or else nobody's listening.
  Yes, I agree.
  Yes, that's probably right, but I don't know.
  I think people would follow you from here.
  I think there are some,  some people don't necessarily want to hear  about all this old music crap,  but I think we have some people that like that.
  You're saying people would get in the T-bird  follow me for some fun, fun, fun.
  Before the keys are taken away.
  Yeah, hurry up before those keys get taken away.
  Is that daddy?  Is that the line?  Daddy takes the T-bird away?  Yeah.
  That'd be it.
  Okay, so Josh, before Josh Demaro takes the T-bird away  is kind of how I think about it.
  Cause he is daddy.
  We all think of him as daddy, yes.
  But you know, let's get actually to the topic, right?  Let's get in the mix.
  Well, yeah, I guess I'm not rushing to.
  If listeners can imagine this is not,  uh, I know that it'll be fun to do it,  but it is in some regards,  my worst nightmare of an episode.
  This is because we're going over the ins and outs  of the magic key program,  which is the new annual past situation.
  And I've already tweeted some stuff about this  and how it makes me insane genuinely.
  And thus we, but people did say they would love to hear  an episode where this is explained to me.
  You called your shot.
  By my more knowledgeable co-hosts.
  And I, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And that's correct.
  That makes sense.
  But I did, when you guys checked,  I did text a moan back to you.
  That's right.
  Not a good moan, an annoyed moan.
  That's right.
  And I did say, I don't have to do any prep, right?  That's right.
  And we agreed and we agreed that,  loosely agreed that the end of this episode will be,  there will be a quiz.
  Oh, I guess, oh God, I kind of remembered that.
  There is a 20.
  I knew you would take it literally.
  Jason and I have put together a 20 question quiz for you  at the end.
 20?  What do you mean?  Nice even number, you know?  And the listeners at home.
 That can't be true.
  It is very true.
  We have all the questions written.
  I just went through them and ordered them in the right way.
  And yes, the listener.
  That is more than has ever been in any sort of  questionnaire segment on any podcast.
  Some of them are pretty quick.
  There's some that like, you know, some are multi-part.
  Yeah, a lot of true false.
  A lot of true false.
  So it'll be quick.
  If you know it, you don't, don't worry.
  We'll count, we whatever.
  And then there is one essay question,  a verbal essay at the end that you'll have to answer.
  And this is gonna be fun  because the listeners will get to do it at home.
  They will get to get, you will need, by the way, Scott,  you will need a pen and paper  because there is some math on the test.
  Oh, gee.
  Probably good.
  And you may need to work on it.
  Yeah.
  I do have those.
  We really should have, yeah,  I should have told you before we started recording.
  Oh dear God.
  That is coming at the end.
  And forgive me,  because we may not go over all the things  that are on the quiz.
  So it might not be.
  Yeah, so wait, how am I supposed to,  I might do some educated guesses.
  No, no, we're gonna go over a lot of it,  but there might be one or two things we missed.
  So I apologize if that happens.
  It's like the SATs, you know,  they're not necessarily testing you on knowledge.
  They're testing you on, you know, ability to like,  eliminate like, well, I know it's not that,  I know it's not that, so I narrow it down  and then take my best guess.
  We need to know like how good you are  in sort of knowing Disney in general.
  That's really more what we're testing versus actually  knowing the fine print of the Magic Key.
  Why do you need to know anything about me?  You know, that's just what the college board says.
  It's good to have testing once in a while for each other.
  I mean, I think we should be testing each other  periodically over the, you know,  every couple months running drills.
  Running drills to know that we're still sort of, yeah,  knowledgeable on top of all of this stuff.
  Yeah, so.
  That is at the end of the episode.
  The thing is, I think this is required because like,  look, people have, no, because I'm people's like,  friend who likes theme parks,  I have been turned to in a couple of texts  for explanations about this stuff.
  And really for the first time in a long time,  I have had to say, I don't fucking know.
  This thing is so confusing to me.
  And so when you say like,  how many reservations can you hold?  And when does that run out?  And when do you get to put a new one in?  I don't know.
  Maybe I just haven't put in the time.
  Maybe it's all too annoying to put in the time.
  But I would like to think that there are some listeners  out there who are Scott's.
  I know this is true because on Twitter,  there were people who said,  I think people were even like,  I don't know if I want to side with Scott.
  I'd prefer not to, but I have to admit,  I'm baffled by all of this.
  So I think I am a stand in for, you know,  if not half the audience, then maybe, you know, 4%.
  Yeah.
  And just to be clear in case listeners, you know,  kind of are lost,  the Magic Key program is Disneyland's replacement  for the old annual pass holder program,  which they use the pandemic excuse to totally wipe out  and just start from zero with a new annual pass holder program,  which is called Magic Key.
  A reference back, a reference to the coupon  that used to come in A through E ticket books,  the Magic Key coupon could be turned in for any attraction.
  It's a reference to what?  Who, this is, no one knows this reference.
  You're learning already.
  Does anyone know that already?  I had a feeling it was something like that  because I think Key to the World used to be something  they would use in Florida.
  So I thought it was something like that here.
  You can see that you've seen this picture before.
  You've seen this image before.
  I don't think I have.
  You're showing something that is the style of the E tickets,  the old tickets that you used to use on rides  when you paid per ride at Disney.
  And I recognize that pattern,  but no, I've never seen this big pink key  and it says Magic Key coupon.
  Magic Key coupon.
  I did not know this reference.
  I'm not gonna pretend I'm some genius.
  This is a fresh new old reference to me.
  Pull that back up, Jason, real quick.
  Sure, yeah.
  This is a screenshot of a website  that you pulled that explains what this is.
  Yeah, I pulled this screenshot from the Disney tourist blog.
  Disney tourist blog and theme park insider  have pretty good explainers about how this program works.
  Well, here's what I'm noticing is on a fun note,  the name Magic Key is a nice nod to the past  with the E on a fun note.
  I found one error in the beginning of this paragraph.
  This is not a fun note.
  That's commentary from the blog  and they know their audience.
  There's a reason they're the first result  on a lot of searches.
  I'll say, Jason, sorry, I cut you off.
  Oh, go ahead.
  I was just gonna say, yeah,  I will, like a Magic Key coupon is fun to me  because it's like kind of an anything goes,  an anything pass, which sometimes you get,  if you go to guest services and complain  or you have something special,  you get an anything pass essentially.
  And that is fun.
  I completely agree.
  Using it for the name of the annual passes in general  feels a little less fun to me  because there's a lot of restrictions on annual passes.
  It's not some sort of Magic Key to get into Disneyland.
  It's like a key that like only works on certain days  and in certain parks before certain times,  as long as you have reservations.
  It is not some sort of access everything kind of thing  like this pass is.
  In fact, I would say it's the opposite.
  I would say it's the ticket offering that most says  we have contempt for our customers they ever offered  because it's so actively confusing.
  I mean, the big takeaways are that they've applied  the old flex pass, which I used to have,  which gave you like a mix of days you could go  if you made a reservation and days that were good to go,  you could just show up.
  No pass has good to go anymore.
  And Magic Keys, no single day ticket,  no multi-day ticket has good to go.
  Everyone has to make reservations.
  Yeah, it's a reservation based system.
  Now I will say this, I was sounding the alarm  on being very fearful that the pass program was changing  because of a thing Bob Chapek said earlier in the year.
  He called it a rewards program.
  Oh, that's scary sounding.
  It was a scary sounding thing.
  I don't know if they decided against that  because a rewards program is different than a program  where you can go to the theme park.
  Like it's different than annual pass.
  I don't know if he misspoke.
  I don't know if they had an idea in their head  that they were gonna do a rewards program.
  But I will say this is actually much closer  to the old program than I was expecting.
  I was expecting literally like buy five days,  get one half off.
  That's like kind of what I thought was gonna happen  other than unless you paid like 10 grand or something.
  So I am relieved that even though this is  a little more complicated,  it is closer to what we had before.
  Rewards program does seem like the Wendy's app.
  If you buy a few spicy chicken sandwiches,  yeah, we'll toss you another sandwich every now and then.
  Yes, the Dunkin' Donuts reward,  which of course they are still making me pay  $10 at a time to use.
  They will not let me use just a transaction.
  Ah, yes, it's been years  and you're still concerned about this.
  They're still doing it.
  But I go enough and I do enjoy the rewards program there.
  It gives me a free drink after so many purchases.
  How many are all you guys in?  How many rewards programs do you serve?  Oh my God, too many to count.
  I've lost track, especially during the pandemic.
  When companies like double their emails,  like I keep having to clear out.
  My Gmail keeps getting full.
  I keep having to delete stuff.
  They all added it too.
  Taco Bell added it in the last year.
  McDonald's just added it in the last couple months.
  Everyone now has a full rewards program  where you can redeem stuff.
  Wendy's has it.
  Wendy's had it longer, I think.
  Wendy's has had it for a little while.
  Wendy's and Burger King, probably the best right now  in terms of giving you garbage, giving you free garbage.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So no, there's too many to count  as far as rewards programs.
  But this is not a rewards program, as far as I can see,  unless that's in the fine print and Jason found it.
  No, not really a rewards program.
  Some of the levels, kind of a lateral move,  some kind of scaled back in prices.
  A lot of these are like the Enchant key is almost one to one  for the old FlexPass key.
  The Imagine key almost one to one for the SoCal Select.
  You've just lost some perks.
  You've lost the ability to just show up  whenever you feel like it.
  So yeah, I think that's what Disney lunatics like us,  the one thing we are a little bit upset about is like,  it was really nice to be like,  hey, you wanna go down tonight for dinner or something?  And then come back, that seems to be gone,  unless you can make a reservation same day,  and maybe if it's not busy.
  We have yet to see how that will work.
  But that's maybe the only thing.
  I understand that that is better for COVID,  and it is better for tracking the amount of employees  to bring on in a day.
  We're expecting it to be this busy,  so we need this amount of people, functionally better.
  Yes, as an audience member, it's the greatest thing  to wake up, not know you're gonna be at Disneyland,  and then be suddenly in the thick of it,  having a great time at Disneyland.
  I saw a tweet or two that were a little judgy  about people losing this ability.
  Does it really take that much to plan in advance?  And like, no, it doesn't.
  However, what I described, starting a day,  not knowing Disneyland's in the day,  and then it ends up in the day, is the greatest thing.
  It's the ticket to some of the greatest days.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's a bummer, and I do hope it comes back,  especially post, however many fucking variants are left.
  There's many left.
  I think it's dead, though.
  I think going in is dead, unfortunately,  at whatever you want.
  Yeah.
  Forever? Why would it have to be forever?  I think it's forever.
  I think they like this managing,  because they can manage the park much better now,  as far as crowds.
  I think, unless it's really low traffic days,  maybe eventually they'll let it happen.
  But I think they really like knowing  how many people are coming on average,  to know how to staff,  to know how to move people around in the parks.
  I just have a feeling that it's never coming back,  but I hope I am wrong.
  Yeah, they had already kind of been doing this a lot  in Florida.
  And that, I mean, Florida, they need it less,  because they have so many parks and hotels and stuff  to just eat up crowds.
  Everything is getting a little bit,  and I'm not mad about the,  I mean, I am mad about not being able to go in and stuff,  but everything is going a little more of the way of,  we wanna, if you could, could you plan everything out  down to the T, which I do not like.
  Even virtual queues, which I like in general,  it feels like they're working on a thing for Florida,  or I think both parks, what's it called, like Genie, Jason?  Do you remember this?  Yeah, so Genie is sort of like,  I think it's AI, maybe even machine learning based.
  It's like a program, it's an app that'll tell you,  like, you're looking for something to do right now?  Here's what's really empty,  or here's what a restaurant with no wait.
  But Genie will like program your fast passes for you.
  Like, they really would like to get people  on a rigid schedule, which is not how the three of us like  to do this, unless it's a very long,  like somebody's coming in town, you're going with them,  or we're doing a full 14 hour day with family or something.
  If not even Mike likes this,  because you do like planning and checking and precision,  but if you're saying like, yeah, you don't, like,  yeah, I think freedom of, and figuring out your day,  it's a nightmare to me, this whole thing of like,  when you go to Disney World,  make sure that 60 days in advance you're booking,  that sucks, I hate it, I want that.
  Anyone who's excited about that, I do not understand.
  Yeah, I like, because being in a place  where you can like improvise,  and I don't know what the day is in store,  and not like, well, we better, we gotta be over here  by 3.
15 or else.
  Yeah, and fast, we don't even know necessarily  what the future of Max Pass or Fast Pass is at this moment.
  There are signs from other parks, which are not good signs,  are scary signs of like per, like, a la carte fast passes,  where depending on how busy a ride is,  just like Scott, you learned with Orlando's  full express pass system, there might be a situation  where Toy Story Minimomania is like way crowded,  and you have to pay $20 per person to skip the line.
  Because that's kind of what- I would welcome $20,  that Universal situation, that like, again,  how are people so mad at the park in Paris  that they aren't even at, when here in our country,  in the state of Florida, Universal is charging  an ungodly amount to, you know,  I feel like you break that down,  it's like potentially like $40 a ride.
  Well-  Vexed 12 grown adults, a bunch of fathers,  didn't understand what they were buying.
  That's insanity.
  So let's point the finger at Universal  before we start getting mad at Disney.
  Sure, that's true.
  But yeah, Disney, I think is headed into,  hopefully not as severe of a system as that,  but I think we're getting close to that.
  And yes, the spontaneity, the fun of all of that,  I think they would like that to go away.
  I don't think they can fully push that off the cliff,  I'm hoping, fingers crossed.
  Yeah, Jim and Len had been talking about this  on recent episodes where like,  there are signs that they're dusting off the FastPass,  like queues and stations and stuff in Florida.
  And all of the like guest comments are, you know,  Disney tracks that data meticulously.
  And it doesn't seem like it's pointing to Florida  getting like paid, you know, a la carte FastPasses  because people have been coming down there, you know,  for decades now doing the FastPass system  when it was set at the price of free  and suddenly pivoting from going to free  to cost a lot of money will piss people off  who are already annoyed that they're not available  at all at the moment, you know.
  So I hope there'll be enough pushback on some of this stuff.
  I loved MaxPass, I mean, that gave me a new thrill  as far as Disneyland was concerned,  getting to pull FastPasses and if they were ready,  like on 9 p.
m.
, I could, you know, frantically  keep refreshing for 20 minutes and pull something  within the next 10.
  The biggest people you aren't even with,  you're doing it from your apartment.
  I've done it for my apartment, yeah,  I can do it anywhere, it doesn't matter.
  A little easier sell, 10 or 15 bucks extra a day,  then you just do the FastPass on your phone.
  Oh yeah.
 That's one sentence,  that's an easy.
 If you're doing a full day  no brainer to do that.
 No brainer, yeah.
  Yeah, it's well worth it.
  Florida's has been kind of weird,  but there is a good trick with Florida  is if you can get all those three FastPasses they give you,  if you can stack those very early,  then you can surf the thing like MaxPass  the rest of the day, which is very fun.
  Yeah.
  So we'll see, we don't know exactly  how that thing is gonna shape out,  cause they're not, I would, I would,  spoiler alert, there's no MaxPass,  FastPass involved in any four of these.
  Boy, oh boy.
 There's no anything,  cause they used to be, yeah,  it used to be in at least the top two passes,  where you'd get MaxPass involved.
  It was part of it and not anymore.
  Yeah, so MaxPass is gone,  PhotoPass, that was always something that,  the top passes would have,  I think at least the top passes would have,  where you would get, which was really fun,  cause you'd never get, like if you go to Disney a lot,  I feel like everybody gets out of the habit  of ever buying a photo from a ride,  but you would get a Tower of Terror or a Guardians photo,  and that's fun, it's now I have like years  of like ride photos, which is cool,  cause I had the pass that had it,  but that's gone, that's not in here either.
  Yeah, I agree, I missed that.
  Yeah, that was the only thing ever getting me  to keep a ride photo.
  Yeah, and I have like all these fun ride photos now,  which I never would have bought, like on my own,  so that was kind of a thing that I covertly,  I wouldn't have said that before it started,  like I need that PhotoPass, but now that that's gone too,  I'm like, oh, I missed the PhotoPass,  that was fun to have.
  So yeah, those are gone.
  We're losing our perks.
  Yeah, some of the perks.
  Should we talk about the names of the keys?  I think this might be the biggest thing  Scott was getting upset about.
  I think this is 80% of the rage on my part is the names.
  It's gobbledygook, it's nonsense.
  Okay, I didn't sense that you guys were enthusiastic  about the names.
  No.
  I'm not sure anyone is.
  There's that pile of words that Disney,  all levels of Disney corporate has approved,  like 20 words, 15 words, they put them in a hat  and they pull the name, the words out of a hat  when they need something real quick  and that kind of seems like what this is.
  It's unreal how many, we're already doing,  now magic is in the main thing  and now it's these four others.
  And maybe like, I don't know if this is one  of the quiz questions already, maybe it is,  maybe I'm getting ahead of myself,  but can it's, and I might know it already,  I did just have it in front of me,  but can somebody say the four names, not in order,  not from most expensive to least expensive  and just see if it's possible to figure out  based on the, because this is what drives me insane,  is that there's no, there's no ranking within the words.
  Exactly.
  It's just a bunch of words.
  Right, because before it was,  Southern California Select, Southern California Pass,  Deluxe, Premium, Premier.
  Like there is- Like a car wash.
  They kind of tell you something a little bit.
  It's still a little bit confusing,  but if you sort of know connotations,  you know that if you see the word platinum  or something or diamond,  that that's gonna be up at the top.
  But these, I don't know, somebody say them if you got them.
  Yeah, you want them in a random order?  That's what I'm thinking, yeah.
  Okay, Enchant Key, Dream Key,  Believe Key and Imagine Key.
  Okay, I think I might know it.
  Let me go up.
  Okay.
  And this is only because I just had it in front of me  and then I blocked it, but Imagine Key is the lowest.
  Correct.
  Then Enchant Key.
  You got it.
  Then what's more than Enchant?  Believe Key.
  You got it.
  And then Dream Key is the most.
  That's right.
  We're gonna get you a point of extra credit  already on the quiz for that.
  All right, I voluntarily did a test.
  Now that said, it's stupid.
  It's so stupid and particularly Enchant Key.
  Enchant Key is insane.
  The other ones I understand.
  I know that we're going with verbs basically,  but when is Enchant used without meant after?  When do you in your life say  that you're going to enchant someone  or that you hope that something enchants you?  This is not like I'm gonna,  I would like to do some enchanting tonight.
  It's just not, the word enchant on its own doesn't exist.
  No, this is never enchanted, maybe,  but to enchant, this is not, it looks insane.
  You don't even know what you're like.
  I almost wanna read it as ancient  as if it's like some obscure car part or something.
  There's trouble with the ancient.
  They said it a lot on the TV show, Loki.
  The one character said it an upsetting amount, but.
  Oh.
  Usually it was kind of in a sinister,  I'm possessing your body and mind fashion.
  Yeah, what's that?  Is there an example of a sentence  with an enchant in it without meant?  I'm hoping, okay, how about this?  I am hoping for a romantic partner  to enchant me tonight with their.
  Yeah.
  That is a sentence and that makes sense.
  And it's weird as hell.
  That's the only, you're only using enchant  when it involves romance and a child's idea  of what sex will be like with a bunch of curtains flapping.
  And you don't really know what the sex is.
  You just know there's bodies.
  Something's happening down there.
  I'll figure it out someday.
  But that's, yes, oh, please enchant me.
  Take me away, enchantrix.
 Enchant.
  Crazy.
  And it is like, I think it's completely like  weird PG-13 romance is the use of it.
  So to see it in this Disney list is really weird.
  I know, I guess it's one of the words  in its enchanted tiki room,  but something about that pure enchant just weirds me out.
  Well, look, you're gonna be enchanted by the ability  to make up to four park reservation holes at a time,  two asterisks, 10% off select merchandise, three asterisks,  and 10% off select food and beverage, also three asterisks.
  Yes.
 Pretty enchanting.
  That is very enchanting.
 Enchant.
  Can we try to rationalize,  and we'll get into the perks and all,  can we try to rationalize,  let me say the ranking again.
  Dream is better than believe,  which is better than enchant,  which is better than imagine.
  What do you mean?  Why is imagine, a dream and imagine are a world apart?  To imagine is basically shit.
  You're in the gutter,  but dream is the ultimate height to try to attain.
  What are you talking about?  I'll say my thought, the dream key,  it's dream on motherfucker,  cause it costs $1,399.
  Dream on asshole.
  Speaking of the bad boys of Boston.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  I think, yes, there's no hierarchy to it.
  I mean, it should be like,  the top one should be like achievement,  or like achieved your goal or something,  or like the achieve key.
  Came true, come like fulfilled, the fulfill key.
  The ever after key.
  Ever after, okay, now there you go.
  Now you're onto something.
  If you start it with the,  you know, the basics of a story, like a fairy tale,  you know, an ever after.
  The wish come true key.
  Wish come true key.
  Wish the wish come true key.
  How is it not wish?  How is wish not on here?  Yeah.
  Maybe because wish is unattainable.
  Although imagine.
  Is that a boat?  That's one of their boats.
  But not all dreams come true.
  Yeah, most of them don't, let's be honest.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But wishes are even more so,  like wish, maybe that's too like wishful thinking.
  It's that's like completely what Jason is saying.
  Yeah, and you don't have to wish.
  You just need to put down a $179 down payment,  a normal even number,  a number we all know and love, $179.
  And then your monthly payments go up  depending on which key you get.
  And if you have to live in the state of California  within a certain range of zip codes.
  Right.
  And it's not even every, oh, really?  Okay, okay.
  Southern California residents, not Northern California,  Southern California residents.
  Well, hold on a second.
  Well, so the imagine, you're kind of right.
  So the magic key, the lowest level key  is only for Southern California residents.
  Any California resident can do the monthly payment program,  but only people who live in California  can do the monthly payment program.
  Oh, so anyone else, if you're coming in from Ohio,  you can get a dream key, but it's, you have to pay,  it's all at the top.
  It's all at the top.
  Yes, so I think that's how they're limiting  the installment.
  They don't want to send their goons to Colorado  to get the money.
  It's basically what it is.
  California, that's close by,  but if they got to go send some goons to Colorado to collect,  then that's not cost effective for them.
  Yeah, so I don't, I mean, part of this is  they're looking for people,  they want people to come to the parks.
  They always want people to come to the parks,  but they want people who will spend money  and be engaged in their, you know, coming to the parks.
  They also would like guests to do,  help them out a little with the work of like metrics  and crowd numbers.
  And that kind of sucks that they're putting  a little bit of this work of this, you know.
  Do you mean with reservations?  Is that what you're saying?  Yeah, with reservations and like think about,  like really think about what day you're coming, you know.
  Really think about what day you  and how many in your party are coming.
  Here's what I'll say.
  If we do this reservation thing  and we know all the COVID stuff is gone  and fingers crossed in a year,  we're enjoying the parks in a similar way  to the way we have.
  If the park is pretty like,  it's less crowded, it's more spaced out,  I will begrudgingly say, okay,  the reservation system, fine.
  It's working.
  It's making this much more pleasant  because sometimes you would go down  and the park would be jammed.
  Like just like, especially New Orleans Square,  that would always be where it would be.
  It's like an insane sea of people.
  If this thing works and it is able to make  that whole experience much more manageable  and seem like cool and fun,  like make the day a little bit better or breezier,  then I will say, all right, fine.
  That worked.
  I'm not so bothered.
  But if we're doing reservations,  it's a big pain in the ass.
  And then we go down and it's just as jammed it  as it always was, then this sucks.
  Then I'm not as happy about it.
  Yeah.
  When I had the FlexPass,  I never had a problem making a reservation.
  I think I can remember if I used it  for opening day, Galaxy's Edge,  or I switched it over right after that.
  I never had a problem making reservation.
  I think some people,  a lot of the speculation I saw is people going like,  maybe get these keys, get your key in the first month or so  because as more and more people get used to it  and more and more people sign up,  the reservations might be harder to get.
  But there's still a lot of questions about like,  how many reservations are they going to make available?  How many of any level of pass  are they going to sell?  I did see something confirming that like,  the pool for reservations for single day  and multi-day tickets is different  than the pool of reservations for the keys.
  How did any of you look up any of this  and not lose your fucking mind?  How did you not just like fall asleep,  need to like take a big shot of whiskey to keep going?  Or just look outside, go do anything else but this?  Jason and I both do really enjoy on some level  looking through the fine print of,  whether it's a new like food event  or a new like Disney announcement,  or yes, it's a pass system.
  Jason, I did actually not, did not know that with,  I don't know where Jason found that information.
  I'm trusting him.
  Again, he's the penny here.
  I'm the inspector gadget.
  I'll get the credit, but he did the work.
  But yeah, yeah.
  I just start to,  I turn into Homer with like turkey in the straw  in his head.
  I like, I can't do it.
  I cannot focus on these ins and outs.
  Well, I know.
  I mean, it's happened when I just was,  I was lightly explaining to you what the Disney,  what the hotel or the, what's it called?  The club, vacation club is.
  And I wasn't trying to,  Oh my God, I can't.
  And I wasn't trying to even tell you to,  I wasn't like, you know, you gotta do the vacation club.
  I was just saying, well, the video's like,  and you're like, well, why would I wanna do that?  And I go, I wasn't telling you to do it.
  I was just telling you what it was.
  But like, I just gave you some dry facts  about a Disney program.
  And you're just like,  there's something in your brain that's just like,  get it out.
  You're like,  I think so.
  No.
  There's like, you have antibodies that attack.
  It won't allow, I can't get past, yeah.
  If there's too much of a fine print load,  then my antibodies in my ears work  to fight the information away.
  You have sterilizing immunity when it comes to fine print  in as far as a Disney program is concerned.
  I just, you know, like,  I'm one of the hosts of this podcast,  but this all teaches me so much.
  I like going on a ride and saying, we,  and I don't like all of this.
  This all is such a,  I think this all is the worst part about being  into this stuff.
  I love logistics.
  I love like how cities are managed,  how like the wisdom of crowds.
  I did a lot of sociology classes in college.
  Like, this is extremely my shit.
  You love to read.
  You found some stuff I did not find.
  Crowd flow is your shit.
  You love crowd flow.
  The combination of dry statistics and  hip hop terminology.
  That's like a cool,  that is the thing a cool teacher would say.
  That is a thing a cool teacher would say,  and no one's cool there.
  He would turn the chair around and he'd say that, yeah.
  That assistant professor Jason.
  If I'm being a student,  I'm not being a very well-behaved student.
  I'm arguing instead of,  this is like when all the kids in the choir  in Sister Act back in the habit fought Whoopi Goldberg  instead of realizing that maybe if we focus,  we can be the freshest choir that ever existed.
  So let me, how about,  let's engage with the professors and let me ask,  holding reservations, is this me?  Is this for other people?  This is vexing me.
  Okay, here's what I assume,  because there are still some questions  about this reservation system.
  Every different level gives you  a different amount of park reservations.
  And the way I understand it,  so say it's Imagine Key, the lowest key,  the shittiest key of all the keys.
  The Imagine Key.
  It's fucking Imagineers.
  Imagine Key is just gross.
  It's a gross key, if you ask me.
  No Saturdays.
  No Saturdays.
  No one Saturday.
  There's very few in a chant key as well,  but there are some at least on off-season.
  There's 11 Saturdays on the chant key.
  Yeah, but imagine, okay,  so Imagine Key, it says you can make two park reservations.
  The way I understand it is two park reservations  per one pass.
  So you, Scott, can say,  I think I'm going to go next weekend.
  You get one for that,  and I'd like to go the following weekend.
  By the way, you couldn't do it,  because it's Imagine Key.
  So you would say, I wanna go on a Wednesday  and then off-season.
  So you'd make that reservation,  and you'd say, I wanna go that following Wednesday,  and then you could do that.
  And you'd have two reservations there,  and then those two would be the only ones  you could make until you either cancel one of those  or went on the day,  and then I think you could make another.
  Jason, am I correct with this?  Yes, so if you, once you pass through a turnstile,  once you claim one of those reservations,  you can immediately then make another reservation.
  Or if you cancel the day before,  you have an open slot again.
  If you no show,  careful, careful.
  You will be penalized  if you no show.
 If you no show.
  I was told about this.
  There's a punishment.
  You're punished by this program.
  That's right, Scott.
  If you don't use the reservation.
  That's right, because nothing says resort,  quality amenities,  like being punished for doing a no-no.
  Ta-na-na-ta-ta-ta.
  If my, I forgot to pay my car lease,  I'm getting a car on three strikes, no, no, no.
  Can Disney actively hurt your credit score  if you don't?  Can they like harm your ability to rent a nice apartment  or buy a nice house?  Well, if you stop paying for your monthly payments,  I think they could penalize you  because it is essentially a no interest alone.
  For the no show, the restrictions are,  if you just don't show up for three reservations  within a 90 day window,  you're gonna be locked out  from making any reservations for 30 days.
  That's right.
  It takes three, it's a three strikes policy.
  It is a three strikes policy, yes.
  And it's not three strikes, you're out,  it's three strikes, you're out for a month.
  You're in a time out for a month.
  You're in a time out for a month.
  I guess that's not the worst punishment.
  I can't imagine doing that three times.
  I guess it sort of makes sense.
  As silly as it is that a punishment is anywhere within  something called the Magic Key program.
  Jason, when can you cancel?  Do we know?  You can cancel at any time up to the day before.
  You can even cancel the day before you have the first one.
  So like 11.
59 PM the day before.
  I think that's right.
  Either 11.
59 AM or PM.
  I don't have it in front of me.
  It might be PM.
  I would think it would be PM if it's the day before,  but maybe not, maybe they want it earlier.
  I don't know.
  We'll have to look into it.
  I don't mind that.
  We're not so far away from,  it's not spur of the moment,  but you're not locked in.
  They're not monetarily paying,  they're not like, you're not paying fines to Disney.
  Yeah, that's true.
  They're not, you're not going to Disney jail.
  Bob Chapek is not calling like your family  and complaining about you or anything  or telling your mom and dad what you did.
  Forcing me to say pro Disney propaganda on television  at knife point.
  Now they haven't said like maybe if you get like  three timeouts in a year, what happens?  We could test that.
  We should really be testing that,  like getting a pass and then just  no showing constantly for a year.
  Well, could we make up a false person  so that none of this is on us?  We use some of the Patreon funds  to create a fourth host, a bad boy,  the baddest boy who fails to show up  for any of his assigned days.
  His name is Alan Smithy.
  He's made some of the worst movies of all time.
  Uh, I was just going to say,  just use the same name as Nick Mundy.
  All right, great.
  So if Nick Mundy, who first of all lies  about his residency.
  Yes.
  And then fails to show up three, yeah.
  Like, okay, so we do three no shit.
  It would have to get up to four  for us to see what the real punishments are.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So then see that.
  Then in three years,  because we're talking about this behind the paywall,  Mundy doesn't know what we're talking about.
  This episode would have lost Mundy within 40 seconds.
  You'd be so mad, you'd be furious, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So deep, deep in this episode  that'd be unlistenable to Nick Mundy,  he would not know that he's like,  basically what I'm saying is in four years,  he tries to take his daughter to Disney Land  and it's stopped at the gate  because of something we did years ago.
  And put in handcuffs.
  Put in handcuffs and dragged to Disney jail.
  With a representative from Experian Credit Reporting.
  He has to now fight for the custody  against Donald Duck.
  And then they bring in Tweedledee and Tweedledum  from the Mad Tea Party,  those two guys that were walking around  to try to rough them up a little bit.
  Meet your cellmates.
  Like with Danny Ocean in Ocean's Eleven  when they brought that big guy in.
  Although Danny Ocean had that guy on the payroll,  so it was okay.
  So yeah, we'll do that.
  We have to test, we do have to test these systems.
  When the systems go live, we will be testing them.
  I don't know that we'll all get the same pass level.
  We'll be seeing exactly what's going on.
  We'll obviously update as we go.
  And as someone who rode the last boat of the night  from the Boardwalk Hotel to Disney's Hollywood Studios  to catch the last bus out of there,  you know I'm gonna be love testing these.
  I'm gonna be love testing these.
  I'm gonna be love testing these.
  Did you call it love testing?  I'm gonna be love testing them.
  Well yeah, and love, you have to take a love test  to get a Dream Key.
  Scott, I'm sorry, do you know,  Scott do you know how to become a charter member  of the Dream Key program by the way?  No.
  What's that?  All right, so.
  Charter, that doesn't fit within the theme.
  Well, key holders, Scott.
  To become a charter member, you have to,  charter members become magic key holders  within the first 66 days of the program.
  To celebrate the 66th.
  So you're a charter member if you're doing it for,  like we could all be charter members.
  That's right, celebrating 66 years of the Disneyland Resort.
  Who is thinking about it being 66 years?  If it's not like a round number.
  We all know 66 is looming large this year.
  Oh boy, happy 66.
  Just devil, the devil is thinking of it.
  The devil himself, well there's an extra six.
  He wants an extra six please.
  It's quiet.
  Shhh, Disney sicko's at it again.
  You get stuff too if you're a charter member.
  You get a little like package.
  Which is.
 What's in it?  Okay, you get a premium branded pin, normal phrase.
  Celebratory button, magnet, and more.
  And more, it means you get an envelope  that holds all of those things.
  And a handy pin and badge holder.
  Also, magic key holders, this is off the Disney Parks blog.
  Magic key holders who enter Disneyland Park  will also be celebrated with access  to a limited time experience at Stargate in Tomorrowland,  which begins September 1st,  where they can enjoy charging stations,  a special photo opportunity, and fun surprises.
  You get to charge your phone.
  That's right.
  Is your reward for doing this quickly?  Correct, yes.
 That's right.
  Bring your own cable and power brick, I would say.
  Cause I think it's just USB outlets or wall plugs.
  I would imagine.
  Boy, the charter program seems like  it's too good to be true.
  I'd better rush down as soon as I can.
  Starting August 25th, if I'm not a member  of the charter program, I will feel like a fool.
  Scott, I will also say there's another thing  that will happen when you're a magic key holder.
  Your beloved Alfresco tasting terrace is being re-imagined  as the magic key terrace.
  The Alfresco, what was it called even?  I love it and I don't know the name.
  The Alfresco tasting terrace.
  The Alfresco tasting terrace is now the magic key terrace.
  That's right.
  Oh, magic key terrace.
  I mean, I love it up there and whatever I have to do  to get back up there.
  I can't remember however many keys I have to get.
  And how many, I just, as soon as that,  I don't have to be a charter.
  Maybe I'll try to be a charter just in case.
  For a charter member, they really should give you  a rusty key on a big key ring,  like what the pirate's dog has in its mouth.
  That would be fun, wouldn't it?  That would be better.
  You gotta wear it around your neck to get into the park?  Yeah, and then when you go to the magic key terrace,  there's a door and you have to put it in and turn it  like it's an old time key.
  That would be fun.
  I think a lot of this whole conjuring up keys,  I think there's a real magic to old keys,  but to some thing that's in your wallet, not magical.
  Or on your phone.
 You're right.
  I want a big brass key.
  Yeah, they should at least for the charter members.
  I mean, I think we're probably all gonna be  charter members, I'm guessing.
  Oh, I think so, yeah.
  So we should all get like a big rusty old key.
  But maybe, you know what, let's, you know what I'll do?  I'm gonna find three rusty old keys for us  and we'll carry them around as charter members  just so we kind of know like we were one of the first.
  You know, so we'll always get that.
  That's gonna get us sent to Disney jail.
  Some guys are trying to bring some kind of rusty weapon  in here.
  I think that's possibly true.
  I think though it'll kind of finally differentiate us  from some of the other Disneyland gangs  and assert kind of our dominance there finally.
  We've talked about starting our own for a long time,  but I think these rusty keys will be the start of something  very special.
  I think that-  Rusty charters.
  The rusty charters, it's, I was gonna say it's  an enchanted idea, but I was trying to use just enchant  without the ED and I can't.
  I've been trying by the way for the last 10 minutes  to try to slip in enchant somewhere and it's really hard.
  Yeah, it's not a word that anyone uses.
  I'm gonna do it by the end of this podcast  and it's gonna make sense.
  The rusty charters are here and ready to enchant.
  There it is.
  Pretty good.
  Yeah, that's pretty good.
  That's our catchphrase now.
  Yeah, we all walk into the park and then say that in unison.
  And then we punch out the nearest jean jacket wearing  like, you know, dune buggy boys, like remember we see.
  Scott, there's other perks that you don't even  probably know about yet.
  I don't, tell me the perks.
  Wait, there's more?  There's more, that's right.
  Magic Key Holder Month, a whole month celebrating magic.
  Holder month.
  Magic Key Holder Month.
  We're excited to announce it's Holder Month.
  That's right.
  Magic Key Embroidery, special, you know,  embroidery options just for Magic Key holders.
  Embroider, like what do you mean?  I bring in a shirt and they put something in it?  They make it rusty charters?  Like you can buy mouse ears, they'll embroider your name  on the back or something, you know.
  I'll put it this way, it's very unclear  what they mean by embroidery.
  It's very, they're not saying, they're not saying  if you like, they'll like use a special color for you,  but you have to pay for it.
  As far as I saw, I'm not really clear on exactly  what they mean by embroidery.
  Yeah, I'm not either.
  Or like the Magic Key Photo Pass opportunities,  like different, you know, special photos.
  Sell us the rusty keys for God's sake.
  I don't, there's no mention of keys.
  Yeah, give us some rusty keys.
  We're embroidering a special barcode into your wrist.
  That way we can track everything  that our most beloved holders do.
  We are, the three of us will become beloved holders.
  I mean, we were beloved holders before.
  We're gonna be the most beloved charter holders.
  Yeah, and you know, once we purchase Magic Key Passes  in order to unlock visits, we're gonna be pretty,  you know, charter holders.
  You're telling me you still call them Magic Key Pass,  it's still, we've gone all the way, we're not,  no, it's not an annual pass.
  It's not, it's a Magic Key.
  And with your Magic Key Pass,  what pass is still in there?  You don't call it, so you don't call it a Magic Key,  it's a Magic Key Pass.
  It's a Magic Key Pass, and in the fine print,  they're still saying pass holders.
  They haven't adjusted the language in some of the fine print  to reflect the new Magic Key, so it is confusing still,  because they are still using pass a lot.
  Yeah, I saw multiple people going like,  are they gonna stick with this language?  Everyone's just gonna call it annual passes.
  They've been calling it annual passes for decades now.
  This is the fine print language on how to purchase  a Magic Key Pass from the parks block.
  Starting August 25th, 2021, parentheses,  no earlier than 10 a.
m.
 Pacific time,  guests will be able to purchase  their preferred Magic Key Pass type,  their first opportunity to quote,  to unlock a visit to Disneyland Park  or Disney California Adventure Park  with a theme park reservation will be that same day.
  Okay, so.
  So, you do it at 10, and then now you're late.
  That's not very early.
  So, you do it at 10, can you do it at 10 online,  and then immediately make a reservation?  I'm not sure if you can then turn around  and make a reservation to go that same day,  because I'm also not confident that they get processed  that many purchases and that many reservations  in one day back to back.
  If their infrastructure cannot handle a few thousand people  buying like Halloween party tickets,  or it's designed not to handle that  to artificially inflate demand.
  Oh, conspiracy theory here.
  Conspiracy theory, it's also the reality of  they hire a lot of contractors to build websites,  let them all go when the project is done,  and then just let it chug along  at whatever speed it'll go at.
  One intern figure out a problem  when the whole thing crashes.
  Yeah.
  That's interesting, I mean, we'll see.
  I mean, as we get closer, you would think  that they would allow you to pre-purchase it before online,  but I don't know, I'm not sure  what they will have the keys, the future holders do.
  I guess all those holders are gonna have to wait  until August 25th at 10 a.
m.
 to find out.
  I'm looking out my window where we were recording this  and my son is out there playing and learning,  enjoying the daylight, and there's a wall between us,  like a prison wall.
  He's saying words, new words, fresh words.
  Enchant, imagine.
  Enchant, enchant me.
  Pass holder type.
  Daddy, will I be a holder one day?  Will I be a charter holder?  Well, no, son, you're too young.
  No.
  I will never forget those charter days with you,  when I was charter holding you for the first time.
  The first 66 days of having a precious little baby.
  A charter father.
  There were so many perks to it.
  Lounges and embroidery and generic embroidery.
  General embroidery.
  At some point, there's gonna have to be a,  because if we're gonna get through 20 questions,  what is the timing that makes that not okay?  We're almost done with the basics of this, I think.
  I'm trying to think, yeah, I mean,  as you go up the list, the perks,  it's basically how many reservations at a time  do you wanna hold, do you wanna go on the weekends,  and what discounts or parking do you want?  Because only the top two levels,  the dream key, the most expensive, includes parking.
  Believe key throws you for a loop  and gives you half off the bar parking.
  Now that I like, I like that there's something,  that it's not just all or nothing,  like a little bit of something ain't so bad.
  So yeah, those are the only,  the top two give you something  for as far as parking is concerned.
  They used to have the top two passes  would give you free parking.
  The parking adds up, because parking is,  it's not as Seaworld expensive yet,  I don't think it's $30, but it is like 25.
  It's 25, I think, the last time I was there.
  So that stuff adds up, and then depending on  how many times you go, because there's about $400  between the top two passes, is that right?  400, yeah, yeah.
  Sorry, go back to it.
  So you gotta factor in that $25,  if you're gonna go 32 times, which is a lot,  you may as well just get the top pass.
  There's a question I still don't get.
  How do I go with people I know?  Well, you make a reservation for yourself,  and then they have to make reservations for their tickets.
  You gotta sync it up.
  Yeah, I think you just have to sync it up  like the old system, where if they have passes,  you put them in your phone, but if they have tickets,  you can just scan their tickets,  or you get the number and you put it in your phone.
  I don't think it's gonna be that hard,  because we kinda did the same system  for when we went the last two times.
  That should be relatively simple,  although if it's parents, it'll be easier if you do it.
  You just may as well buy them in your app  if they don't have an annual pass.
  The people who are gonna be most inconvenienced by this  are less technologically savvy people,  and older people, if they're not tech savvy,  of the people who are like, I have an annual pass  because I like to go to Disneyland with my grandchildren.
  It's like, okay, grandma, so we're gonna get believe keys,  and now hop on your phone, hop on your jitterbug,  and you have to make a reservation.
  But I thought I had a ticket.
  Well, okay, tickets are different than reservations.
  And it, so.
  You wanna go on Spider-Man, grandma?  We gotta get up early,  because you have to help us pull a virtual queue.
  Can we just get in the queue?  Can we just stand in line?  No.
 Well, no.
  No.
 No.
  No standby line for Spider-Man, for web.
  Any ride?  Is that for all the rides?  That's the way they want it, but not yet.
  Yeah, so.
  That's the way it is.
  Might be headed, grandma, but we'll see.
  Can I cross the Esplanade before 1 p.
m.
 or not?  No.
  Well, no.
  First off, you've had to make reservations for both parks,  and then at 1 p.
m.
, you're allowed to park hop.
  Yes.
 Wait a minute.
  You have to make, wait, I don't think I knew that one.
  I'll break out of the grandma character.
  You have to, so I have to reserve, among my,  all right, I have six holds in my name,  in my gun, in my hold gun.
  In my hold chamber, there's six hold bullets.
  Right.
  And I fire one of them at Disneyland for next Wednesday.
  And I fire, do I also have to fire another one  at California Adventure for next Wednesday?  Probably best to just make reservations for both.
  I'm assuming.
  Why should I lose two for, that's what?  Oh no, no.
  No, no, I don't think you have to do that.
  No, no, that's not it.
  No, it's not the reservation.
  So I only lose one bullet.
  Yeah, you only lose one bullet.
  It seems like, remember when we were buying tickets  to go down to the Marvel, there was a lot of days  where it's like, okay, you can start at Disney,  you can't start at Disneyland,  you can start at California Adventure.
  I think the only concern might be,  and we'll see as the reservations come online,  is if there's maybe like,  and I guess you're saying it's a different pool,  but if it's just like only California Adventure  is available for one day,  we'll see if stuff like that happens,  or if the only stuff we can pull from  in the reservation pool are days with both things open.
  Like, I wonder if say like Disneyland  is too full of reservations for one day,  and then does that just shut down  the entire annual pass pool?  That's possible.
  We don't know the answer to these questions.
  And I assume we won't really know,  because they're not gonna tell us fully all the numbers,  because they never even wanna tell us  like full capacity on the parks.
  Yeah.
  So we'll see how that's gonna work.
  And again, we'll update you as we start to surmise  what is actually going on.
  Believe me, there's gonna be a lot of discussion about this.
  Believe Key, there's gonna be a lot of discussion on this.
  There's gonna be.
  So what are you guys thinking about buying?  Because I was originally thinking about  just buying the lowest level pass,  and when I saw it had no like weekend availability,  I was like, all right,  I guess I'll just go back to the Enchant Key.
  It's like a one for one almost with the Flex Pass.
  I guess I'll just do that.
  Well, yeah, I was thinking about Enchant Key,  but then I was looking at like,  and it's not like we're working weekday jobs.
  Lindsay and I are now working weekday jobs right now,  but the possibility of that happens, that's possible.
  And I was looking and there's no October weekend days,  which I know that's coming up quick.
  That's kinda when we're gonna feel pretty good  about being bad weather's gonna be better.
  I would love to do a lot of theme parking in October.
  And I was like, I would really not like to have to pay  that much money for this obviously,  but that might be the deal breaker  because the Halloween season is so great.
  The lighting and all the stuff we like there.
  So it's like just for that insurance of like,  just so we can go, say by some miracle,  we both start working like regular jobs,  we'll be able to go.
  So I am leaning toward Believe Key.
  They have a half off parking, yeah.
  Are you gonna buy any?  I don't know.
  I think it'll be whenever there is first an opportunity  to go or like we all wanna do something.
  I think, let me see.
  I might be able to get away with an Imagine Key  cause I'm like, I got the kiddo, it's gonna be less.
  I think it's all, I gotta look at blackout dates.
  Do you have information?  Do you know amount of blackout dates offhand?  Is that anywhere in your calendar?  There are some questions about that  and we didn't go over that as much as I would have liked to,  but you'll just have to guess  on some of those questions on the quiz.
  But I think I would have to make it one of the bottom two.
  I think I'll be going sort of seldom enough, unfortunately,  where I would be in the bottom half.
  Yeah, and those aren't so bad.
  It's just the parking is the only view.
  It'd be nice to add parking to one of those.
  That's real, but though, honestly that's not.
  Well, you know what's the move, oh, sorry, I gotta go.
  I was just gonna say it's not so bad  cause I was worried some of these low passes,  especially would just shoot up price wise  and that did not happen.
  It's still not what we were paying a decade ago,  but it's not as bad as I was worried it would be.
  You maybe do the move, this depends on like if you're,  you know, maybe you and Lindsay are going more together.
  I end up maybe like maybe I'm going more with you guys  or for random odds and ends than I am with Aaron, my wife.
  So like, I like the move of somebody gets the pass  with parking and the other person does not.
  We might be doing that at Universal.
  I think that's a good little like.
  That's a good hack.
  Like you don't have to both get the parking.
  That's what Lindsay and I did last time.
  She got flex and I got the one with parking.
  So we're saving on money overall.
  And she might do that actually.
  Well, it depends, we gotta talk about it  if we want the Halloween.
  So we may have to both do that one, but we'll talk.
  Well, there's a lot of discussion to be had  in the household yet.
  I don't want to record it.
  Put it on the show.
  I'll secretly record it.
  That is pretty funny.
  Yeah.
  And guess what?  You're on Hidden Podcast.
  Everyone's gonna like that.
  This episode became a lot more who's afraid  of Virginia Woolf than I expected.
  Screaming matches about the different keys.
  Like in the bedroom style plate shattering.
  What is going on?  They're just screaming about keys.
  I want, just yelling and chant over and over again.
  Okay, yeah.
  I mean, that's, yeah.
  That's tentatively what we're looking at.
  Do we want to get to the quiz, Jason?  Do you have anything else?  I know some of the stuff on the quiz we didn't go over,  but Scott, you're just gonna have to do your best.
  You're gonna have to guess and that's all right.
  Just gonna have to free ball it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Process of elimination.
  Yeah, I mean, a lot of this is,  some of the language is a little nebulous.
  I mean, I don't, there's some,  I found it a little complicated in terms of like,  if you're holding a one day pass,  you can upgrade it to a key.
  Can you do that before you go?  Or do you have to do it there at the ticket booths?  There's some scenarios that people have been able  to suss out.
  What I was wondering, let's say if I got the enchant key,  and then I wanted more weekends,  could I upgrade that to the believe key  for the difference later on?  Or will they be like, no, you have to wait  until your next year to do that.
  Well, in the past, you've been able to upgrade,  but then you're not getting any pro rate there.
  You're just all the way.
  Yeah.
  And you can't go down.
  You can't go from dream to believe.
  No.
  You don't even dream of it or believe that it could happen.
  You could probably when it's time to renew,  you could in a way where you would get money  handed back to you.
  Usually they're like, oh, you can upgrade.
  You're gonna hand us a little more money.
  Absolutely, you could do that.
  Right, right, right.
  Wait, but you are saying, you said in there that,  cause this is my scenario, I do have a one day pass  from when I did not get to go to Marvel with you guys.
  And that can go to the, that can be part of the down payment  for my enchant key or more.
  I believe so, but you probably wanna call and ask  before the 25th.
  Like I wouldn't try to do it immediately on that day.
  Call, I think just call.
  Yeah.
 Okay, okay.
  I heard some stuff about if you've done this,  they're doing a SoCal pass and you get three days  that you, and you can apply that to the cost of the thing,  but it makes you start from back in July  when you started using those three day passes.
  I actually didn't hear this.
  So your enchant key starts from whenever you first did  one of those three days.
  Oh.
 That's what my friends told me.
  Now the student has become the teacher on the podcast.
  I did not hear that at all.
  That's interesting.
  I don't know.
  That's their cat.
  I don't know, unless they're getting some wrong info,  but they're not.
  That's a very specific scenario.
  I mean, that three day Southern California pass  also has the fine print of like,  you have to use these three days within 90 days.
  So you have to go, like, I guess that's once a month.
  That's not totally unreasonable if you're a local.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Huh.
  Weird, I don't know.
  Okay.
 So this fine print, the stuff we don't know,  but is it time to put my knowledge to the test  and become a magic key champion?  That's right.
  That's right.
  So yeah, if there's gonna be a couple of math,  a little light math for you.
  I'm gonna make sure I get mine.
  Try not to cheat, but that's okay.
  I mean, yeah, try not to cheat.
  And that goes for everyone listening now.
  Get a piece of paper out and just do your best.
  And then we can grade.
  We'll see.
  Can you be a champion?  Can you be a magic key champion?  All right, I found a paper.
  Okay, great.
  And Jason, I will read each the questions  that we came up with.
  I think that's what we've decided we're gonna do  just because we didn't work through the bit that thoroughly.
  So Jason, I think you are first here.
  I'll start.
  I think it's every other one.
  I think that's what I tried to do.
  Okay.
  All right, true or false?  Parking is included at the believe key level.
  True half parking.
  That's true.
  He, oof, I think you gotta give it to him.
  I think you gotta give it to him.
  Yeah, we gotta give it to him.
  You gotta give it to him.
  It is false because it's not included,  but you're right, you knew the information.
  Yes.
  There is parking, yeah.
  That's right.
  Parking is half off at the believe key.
  That is, with that, he gets that one right.
  Okay.
  All right.
  For the new magic key pass, what is the APR on the loan  if you decide to utilize the Disney payment plan?  Sorry, say it again.
  What is the APR on the loan  if you decide to utilize the Disney payment plan?  On any of them?  Yes.
  It's the same percentage.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Sorry, yes.
  I feel like I've seen this before in these scenarios.
  Is it 18%?  No, it is 0%.
  Yes.
  Well, now that's a steal of a deal.
  That's right, and then we did,  Jason briefly went over it on the episode.
  He said it's a no interest loan.
  Oh.
  Yes.
  Okay, well I missed that one.
  Okay, so that's okay.
  That was me looking at it.
  That might've been when I was looking longingly  at the window at my side.
  And then he got like had his hand against the window  like calling to you.
  Please, Daddy.
  Holding up like a Beats pill speaker  playing Look Into My Father's Eyes.
  All right, Jason.
  All right.
  Which of these is not a key type?  Imagine, enchant, wish, believe.
  Well, this we ended up going over.
  We discussed the possibility that there would be wish  and there's not wish, so wish is the answer.
  Incorrect, of course.
  A good student after all.
  A good student if ever there was.
  Jason, this is yours too.
  Okay, what time can you park hop?  1 p.
m.
 still.
  Correct.
  Great.
  Correct, this is great.
  Which, I'll just do this one.
  Which level includes photo pass and max pass?  There is no level that includes these things.
  Great.
  Correct.
  Doing pretty good so far.
  Pretty good here, yeah.
  Yeah, pretty good.
  True or false?  Guests under 13 are called Mickey's Little Key Kids.
  It's true.
  True if you mean us.
  We say that, but it's not official park policy, so false.
  False, you are right.
  That is correct.
  Which key is only for Southern California residents?  The imagine key.
  That is correct.
  Great.
  Jason.
  Which key is for Northern California residents?  Aren't the rest of them.
  Correct, all others are available  to Northern California residents.
  You're doing great.
  Either in a one time payment or a monthly payment  after $179 down.
  This is great.
  True or false?  There is a special lounge for key holders  called the Magic Terrace.
  False, it's the Magic Key Terrace.
  Very good, very good.
  Look at this.
  Well, that's the only thing I care about in any of this.
  So I'm in the details on that one.
  Jason, go ahead.
  True or false?  Dream key holders who previously held annual passes  and utilized their legacy pass holder status  are now called Golden Keysmiths.
  Keysmiths is too much like what Jason would want  and not what they would actually do.
  So false.
  That is correct.
  Great.
  I like it.
  I would like it to be called that.
  Okay, now I'm gonna read these next three.
  Does the imagine key allow you to visit the park  on Mickey's birthday, November 18th, 2021?  Am I allowed to look up what day of the month that is?  Yes, I'll say yes, I'll allow you to.
  That matters, you know?  It does matter.
  Unless they're blacking it out because it is  Mickey's birthday and they know the demand will be high.
  We're getting close to Thanksgiving,  but it's not Thanksgiving.
  I'm gonna say yes, you can.
  You're correct, yes, the answer is yes.
  Does the imagine key allow you to visit the park  on Felix the cat's birthday, November 9th, 2021?  That's not election day, is it?  No, okay.
  I think you'd be allowed, yes.
  You are correct, yes, you are allowed.
  Does the imagine key allow you to visit the park  on Hot Stuff the Little Devil's birthday  on October 1st, 2022?  What's Hot Stuff the Little Devil?  The Harvey Comics character Hot Stuff the Little Devil?  Yeah, he's got a slot machine in Las Vegas.
  I just played it and I won his wheel bonus.
  He's one of Jason and I's favorite character in fiction.
  When is it?  April 10th.
 October 1st.
  No, sorry, October 1st.
  And by all me, you guys should go to Las Vegas  to celebrate this together.
  Go play, both of you put your hands  on the slot machine together to celebrate Hot Stuff.
  Sorry, April what?  No, October 1st, 2022.
  Oh my God.
  Wait, is he not having a birthday this year?  Oh, I forgot, there's an error on the test.
  Teacher's mistake, I'll count that.
  Teacher's mistake.
  I'll keep clicking, I'll keep clicking 2022.
  I realize I fucked that up.
  That's a Saturday, so no.
  No is correct.
  No is correct.
  Very good.
  Although I wasn't being, that was all imagined,  that never changed.
  That was just all imagined, yes.
  I was lucky I kept tracking that then  because that could have been a way to trick me.
  All right, Jason, go ahead.
  I think my count is that I have 12,  unless I missed a tally.
  I think that's pretty good.
  Yes, you have 12.
  12 out of 13 and you have that extra credit point  from earlier.
  So right now you are actually doing perfectly on this test.
  Wow.
  Pretty good.
  Can't believe it.
  All right, the questions start to get a little hard.
  Oh boy.
  Palm Sprint, Palm Sunday commemorates  Jesus's triumphal entry into Jerusalem.
  It is traditionally celebrated the Sunday  before Easter Sunday.
  In 2022, it falls on April 10th.
  Which keys are valid for April 10th, 2022?  I'm gonna say the, I mean, I almost said magic key.
  There's no magic key.
  They're all magic keys.
  Believe key and,  damn hell is the other one.
  Magic, what am I missing?  No, oh, dream, dream.
  That's it.
  Your final answer is only dream.
  No, no, no, dream and believe.
  I'm so sorry.
  It is only dream.
  Only dream is valid.
  You were trying to help me in a way.
  I missed it.
  Oh my God, that's the only one.
  Only one.
  Spring break and Easter see that thereabouts in the spring.
  Very busy time at the theme parks.
  Very busy.
  I should have thought the entire spring is tough,  regardless, but you shouldn't be in Disneyland.
  You should be at church where there is a giveaway of a palm.
  Everybody gets a palm to hold.
  That's the most,  going to church every Sunday, every year for 18 years.
  That, I look forward to that one big time.
  Lot of time kills by passing out the palms.
  And then after church,  you can just whang each other with those palms.
  Children just left and wail on each other with those palms.
  They sting.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Ooh, let's have a palm fight.
  Okay.
  Next one is also me.
  True or false?  When making reservations in the Disneyland app,  you will be asked, how many in your key party?  I think no, because we were saying  you don't get to reserve for other people.
  That is false.
  Also the term key party is very loaded in popular culture.
  Oh, right.
  Oh yeah.
  They better make sure they stay away from that.
  Oh, with this phrasing.
  I'll read this next one, even though Jason, I think he's yours.
  How do you become a charter member of the program, Scott?  You have to sign up in the first 66 days.
  That's correct.
  All right, here we go.
  This is a tough one.
  Okay, you've just been given a briefcase  with $1 million from a good friend  who's recently sold his tequila company.
  You take this briefcase to Disneyland ticket booth  and pay for one dream key pass.
  You pay in full, no payment plan.
  How much do you have left?  Ah.
  All right, pencil and paper  are not gonna do it for me on that one.
  I'm going- I think you could do it  with a pencil and paper.
  To the calculator.
  I hope I calculated this correctly.
  Okay.
  Very important, this scenario.
  Now the question gives you the first half of this equation.
  Okay.
  The first number.
  You would have, I believe,  remaining in the special briefcase,  $998,601.
  That is correct, yes.
  That's right.
  That is right.
  All right, hey.
  Give it up for that.
  Got it.
  This is a lot of elements for me to not be frustrated by.
  Math on top of Casamigos and-  No, this has nothing to do with Casamigos.
  This is just a totally random question.
  If somebody in a tequila,  you're right, that word is never said.
  Nothing to do with, yeah.
  Jason, go ahead.
  Okay.
  David Lowry, director of the critically acclaimed film,  The Green Knight, is directing the live action  Disney movie, Peter Pan and Wendy.
  While an exact release date is not yet scheduled,  the film is set to premiere in 2022.
  Which Magic Key gives you the best chance  of being able to visit Disneyland on opening day?  Well, it would just be what gives you the most,  which is the dream key.
  That's right, and that's some great test taking skills  put to use.
  That's right, yeah.
  You're just trying to comb through all the details  to find what essentially is the most basic version  of the question.
 The pertinent info to you.
  And you got it.
  The pertinent information.
  I mean, I know for you, the pertinent information is,  what day is Peter Pan and Wendy coming out?  I wanna know.
  It's my most anticipated movie of 2022, said Scott.
  I have nothing to look forward to in 2022  until some boy surrounded by a bunch of CGI  weaves his, when he proceeds to enchant me  with his flight and tights.
  Starring all your favorite children of Hollywood legend,  Jamie Tobak, Kevin Riefenstahl,  all the children of Hollywood.
  Kevin Riefenstahl.
  I think that Peter Pan might be a good first theater  movie experience with your son.
  Oh God.
  Or are you waiting for Zemeckis Pinocchio?  Are you waiting for Zemeckis Pinocchio, maybe?  I could see that happening.
  I could see you wanting to do that, yeah.
  I say keep the theaters closed.
  Too much of a risk.
  You were mad about that AMC stock  when they got their stock price boosted.
  Okay.
  I'm fighting it.
  These people doing these shorts on these stocks.
  It's not funny.
  People pay a price.
  Okay, true or false?  The design of the Magic Key Pass is the same design  as the Key Wards and Key Bits,  which are the name of the like end of the key,  that's official names, Key Wards and Key Bits.
  They're the same design as the key hanging off  of Ben Franklin's kite string  in the Disney animated classic, Ben and Me.
  True or false?  Is the key based on the key from Ben and Me?  One side of it, because one side is Mickey  and the other side is not.
  Oh, the War, but it's not the Mickey part.
  The wards and bits of the key.
  I would love this to be true,  but I don't think anyone is paying attention to this.
  I'm gonna say false.
  It is false, sadly.
  It would have been a great idea to tie that in,  but they did not do it.
  Okay, here is the tough one,  because this is the verbal essay question.
  Okay, but you're doing fantastic.
  You've missed one, I think, on the whole.
  I think two.
  Sorry, sorry, two.
  So it's really only one,  because you have one extra credit point.
  Now, if you pass this,  That's right, thank you.
  This is gonna be like basically an A plus at this point,  I would say, maybe an A, if you're really being technical.
  All right, here we go.
  Al G Rhythm has trapped you inside a Disney computer  to compete against a team of basketball playing characters  created by your son.
  Which team of Disney characters  do you assemble to play this team,  and which pass do you buy each of them  after successfully winning the game  and earning back the love of your son?  Oh, God, hang on.
  There's a lot in this question.
  You have to assemble a team of Disney characters,  then we assume you win against the team of characters  created by your son.
  You win back your son's love,  and then you have to buy each person,  each character on your team a different pass,  and you have to explain each pass  and why you bought it for them.
  Okay, so, all right, so I'm in Disney 3000,  I'm in the Disney server verse.
  That's correct.
  Which means that I have access to any characters  past and present.
  Correct.
  Anything that Disney owns.
  So that includes Fox, it does not include Casablanca,  or the Clockwork Orange Droogs.
  No.
  But, and also, just to be clear,  whoever I don't pick, the other characters  will all come to the game and cheer in a looping fashion  that is too sharp and too well-lit  and very distracting from the game  that I'm trying to play.
  That is correct.
  If you want, I know you wanna get out there  and hang out with your son, but if you want,  you can also name all the characters  that are watching you in the stands.
  But I'm not gonna make you do that for this test.
  It's just five, you're playing on the team,  and there's four other characters, Disney characters.
  If I turn and look and he's like, you know,  diarrhea-ing onto the window or something,  it seems like a mess, I don't want any part of it,  maybe I'll stay here and name everyone in the crowd.
  But until then, so, all right.
  And who am I playing against, Al G-Rhythm?  Well, no, you're playing against,  your son has come up with characters.
  Oh, right, yes.
  So he's come up with generic sort of  video game style characters.
  And you're playing against that, those characters,  and you're trying to win that.
  Everybody's gotta be good at basketball  or bring some other skill to the table,  because I think creativity is part of it in this scenario.
  Yes, for sure it is, yeah.
  Okay, well, just to get basketball skills in there,  I will get Professor Brainard, the absent-minded professor.
  Perfect, great.
  To be there and bring, wait, no, not him, wait.
  I want, ugh.
  Well, maybe he should come and play,  and can he bring Flubber that everyone on the court uses?  As we saw in Space Jam 2,  there are no rules to any of that game.
  So yes, you can do almost anything you want.
  And yes, he could bring Flubber,  and everybody could be utilizing Flubber, great idea.
  Then for sure Brainard's coming with Flubber.
  I don't wanna use two slots on Brainard's.
  Like, should I use, should I get Robin Williams  and Fred McMurray?  Is that overkill?  There are no rules that say you can't get  two different characters.
  Are they both Brainards though?  That's a good question, I don't know.
  Let me just make sure on that, absent-minded professor.
  Because if they're different characters,  then I think maybe you're covering different ground.
  Yeah, Brainard is one, and then that's the,  oh, no, okay, I think it's the same character.
  Although there were multiple jokers at the Space Jam game.
  That's true.
  I don't know, the other one should sit in the crowd.
  I should, am I just building out a starting lineup?  Yeah, just build up a starting lineup, yes.
  Am I in it?  I was assuming you were, but if you'd like to take  your slot and give it to some other Disney character,  you can.
  I'd better, I'm fighting for my son's love.
  So Scott Gardner, professor Brainard.
  Which one specifically?  I think Fred McMurray's.
  The classic.
  Yeah, that's the one I'd most wanna meet.
  Great.
  So, let's see, who else would be good at basketball?  Like who can, oh, maybe Tarzan.
  I think, yeah, 99 Tarzan is gonna be there.
  That's one of the most fit characters.
  I think if you're also talking fit,  you gotta go King Triton.
  Great, do you mean Tarzan or Georgia the Jungle?  No, I mean Tarzan.
  Oh, animated Tarzan, I'm sorry, go ahead.
  The Georgia the Jungle, not a bad thought either.
  King Triton, though, he has to like,  well, he can wave his thing and give himself legs, right?  Can he?  Can he wave his thing and give himself legs?  I mean, if it's on the line.
  Does he give Ariel legs with his thing?  Is it Triton?  Yeah, he does it, right?  Cause he has all the powers that Ursula has.
  What an asshole that he wouldn't just do that immediately.
  Can Ursula be there?  And I don't, you know,  now that you wanna be in business with Ursula,  but she could transform herself  into a really good basketball player probably.
  Like she just, you know, matches the body of,  I don't know who's a big,  Would she have to make a deal?  Would she like make a deal with Scottie Pippen  and steal his abilities like the original Monstars did?  Or like crossing over Space Jam rules and like voice stealing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, she'd be able to, huh.
  I mean, can she, can, is Michael Jordan automatically,  no, he's not in the servers,  but he's also not, hmm.
  Can Ursula travel out of the server first,  steal Michael Jordan's basketball powers  and then only a true love's kiss  can give Michael Jordan his abilities back?  I don't see why not.
  I don't see why not either, yeah.
  All right, so King Triton is out  because I don't think he would agree to any of this.
  Right.
  Like what, I wouldn't, it's preposterous.
  Ursula's down with what,  should I maybe not go Jordan though?  Just like who's a current, I mean,  now LeBron's already kind of in league with,  I don't know, Kevin Durant.
  Let's go, cause you don't want Jordan now probably.
  So let's, Ursula's gonna take Kevin Durant's powers  and bring them back into the server first.
  Yes.
  And give herself legs, there's a lot of work to be done.
  And she'll also get Flubber from Brainerd.
  And then, I mean, you want like creativity.
  Who's just like gonna like come up with some  like bizarre thing that works out?  That's just like, you know, funny and clever.
  Like Goofy, you probably can't depend on.
  I mean, do you want just Mickey Mouse just to like?  I mean, you bring star power to the team, certainly.
  All around player probably, like playing.
  And kind of a motivator.
  Yeah.
  Unless you want like a Muppet.
  You do have the Muppets.
  You can get, you got Marvel, you got Star,  you can do Captain Phasma if you want.
  What am I saying?  Mazanada.
  Bullwhip Griffin, you know,  but basketball may not have been invented  or was just being invented.
 Jock Lindsay  from Indiana Jones.
  Sure.
  Mutt Williams.
  Mutt Williams is tempting.
  Like what if I put in like 20th century Fox basketball movie?  Yeah.
  Pretty much the only things you can have  are like butts or cigarettes.
  Like those are not existing in the Disney server first.
  Those have all been deleted.
  Yeah, those are blurred out.
  Who's, is like, I've never seen White Men Can't Jump,  but apparently Disney owns that now.
  Is, who's a good player?  Is one of them good and one of them isn't?  I assume they're all, they're both good.
  I actually have not seen that movie either.
  I'm just gonna take a swing  and get Wesley Snipes from White Men Can't Jump.
  Okay.
  And Woody will obviously be in the audience.
  And just to clarify his character's name is Sydney Sid Dean.
  Okay, great.
  So the team that I have assembled within the servers  is me, Scott Gardner, Professor Brainard, Tarzan, Ursula,  who has stolen Kevin Torrance powers,  and Sid Dean from White Men Can't Jump.
  So the team.
  And I think that all together,  yeah, that's pretty stacked, right?  And I think regardless of who my son,  whose video game abilities,  which are the greatest of all time,  I deny, I hate them.
  I guess, is it because,  I don't want him to be a basketball player.
  I want him to be a theme park podcaster.
  That's right, yes, yes.
  You were upset with him.
  Cause he was doing-  And I'm upset that instead,  he's the greatest video game developer  of his or any generation.
  So.
  Right.
  But anyway, so I hate him and like,  fuck that and his video game skills,  but also I love him and I want his love back.
  Exactly.
  So, and I think this basketball game is gonna go great.
  I think it's gonna go great.
  Is there a yes, is there a right or wrong answer on this?  Well, you need to also buy each one a pass  now that you've won the game.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, I will buy, I think, you know,  that's gonna get up there,  but I,  I mean, I could save a little money  by only getting Tarzan the Imagine pass  because like, he lives in the jungle.
  He's not gonna know what's going on.
  He's gonna be impressed by,  he's just gonna look at the pass itself.
  Like, whoa, key turn into card.
  But I think I should be nice and just treat everybody,  except for Ursula.
  She goes back to the sea.
  She only gets the pleasure of getting to have  basketball powers for a little bit.
  Okay, so everybody gets the best pass  because of big victory.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And I'm gonna wanna hang out at the park with all of them.
  So we're all getting the dream key.
  Well, I have to say that is an incorrect answer, sadly.
  Damn it.
  You know, it felt a little weird the whole time.
  I mean, there was, there's only one answer.
  It's of course the basketball team  from that new John Stamos Disney Plus show,  the high school high schoolers that he coaches.
  That's the, Big Shot is the name of the show.
  But they're not gonna be better than  what I put together.
 He plays Marwin.
  And Sid Dean.
  I mean, that's a, look, it's great.
  I like the creativity, but sadly,  you're not gonna get the point for that one.
  You have to- What pass am I supposed to get all of them?  Well, they would all be getting the top pass  because they won as well.
  So the, I guess, you know what, that was right.
  That part of the question was right.
  Partial credit, partial credit, yeah.
  You get half parking.
  Right.
 Okay.
  So do I win, maybe get half of my son's love back?  That's true.
  Yeah, you got half of your son's love back.
  I'll give you that.
  All right.
  So he will, I'll have joint custody.
  I will be with him half the time.
  And the other half he will spend in the server verse  with algae rhythm.
  That's correct.
 Yes.
  So anyway, that's still a very, very good showing  on the test.
  I wanna see- Thank you.
  Everyone at home, show us your work.
  Show us who you decided would be on your team.
  Oh yeah, poster lineups.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah, I would like to see everybody's all star,  your Disney server verse starting lineups.
  So be sure to send us those.
  I mean, like, is there a, do I get a grade on that?  Is that like, that ends up being like a 17 and a half.
  Although when you put it that, I don't know, out of 20,  that's not the greatest.
  I mean, it's like a B plus of a team.
  Yeah, still pretty good.
  Okay, yeah.
  Still pretty good.
  Especially for somebody who came in and was so upset  about the Magic Key program in general,  you seem kind of like you're pretty close to being an expert.
  Wow.
  Well, you know what?  It's, when you have good teachers,  you can overcome any anger you have about the topic  or the names that you're talking about.
  Yeah, hey, you guys did it.
  And my professors, I love you so much.
  And I feel like I need to tribute you by saying,  if you wanted the moon, I would try to make a start,  but I would rather you let me give my heart to sirs with love.
  That's the thing you sing to professors, right?  Yeah, that is.
  That is.
  Yeah, well, we did at least when I was younger.
  Yeah, you ever at the end of the school year,  the whole class learned to sir with love.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Well, that's from the heart.
  And that's to you guys.
  Thank you very much.
  Thanks for teaching me.
  Thanks for getting me to that B plus.
  We're getting me half custody of my son.
  Hey, you know what?  Not so bad.
  You guys put the medicine, you hid it in a sweet treat,  in a brownie.
  And now you've fed the sin, as Jeremy Renner has taught us.
  Beautiful.
  All right.
  You survived podcast the ride, magic key edition.
  And you know, the math on these things is all pretty crazy,  but at $5 a month to stay subscribed behind the paywall,  there's no more magic key than this.
  And you can hold as many episodes as you want,  three new ones a month,  but you keep all the ones that you have.
  Do we have enough perks?  Do we need, I guess, I don't know, free parking,  if we ever give you a place to go.
  I would like to announce to become a charter member  of the Patreon, you have to buy a Patreon subscription  within the first 5,000 days that it exists.
  And you will be one of our charter Patreon members.
  So that's right.
  So that's everybody so far.
  So everybody so far is a charter member.
  Yes.
  So you only have a couple,  you only have a few thousand days left to sign up.
  You won't hear about it here, I guess,  because if you haven't signed up,  you won't hear this message, but.
  It's glowing away fast.
  So act now, be sure to become a podcast,  the right charter holder.
  And if we can figure out all of this  and how to get our holds, then we'll see you at the park.
  Bye bye.
  Bye bye.
