 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains three stereotypical men with high automotive IQs  talking about engines that go vroom vroom, horns that go beep beep, and bumpers that are  also mouths that say ka-chow.
  All this plus examining what's under the hood of Epcot's first thrill ride.
  It's Test Track on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Hi everybody, welcome to the Test Track episode.
  My name is Scott McKim.
  I'm up here in the podcast, The Ride Center.
  In just a couple of minutes, you're going to be out there in that podcast, but let's  first put together the episode schedule.
  Okay, we're going to start you off on an accelerated riff climb.
  This is designed to test the integrity of the comedians.
  Let's put up a few co-hosts.
  How about Mike and Jason?  Hello, Mike is here.
  This is me.
  Checking in, setting up the podcast safety cones.
  Fantastic.
  We're going to weave in and out those riffs with facts and non-sequiturs and long tangents  that really have nothing to do with the attraction today.
  That's right, and we're going to weave in and out first, not using the anti-lock brakes,  and then we'll do it again just to show how they work.
  Now if this whole routine feels a bit indulgent, you're absolutely right, but that's what a  podcast is all about.
  Hey, I'll see you out there in that topic.
  Yeah.
  I should, you know what, in retrospect during the bit I should have said, and we're going  to be experiencing some tangents about the bad boys of Boston.
  I'm of course talking about Aerosmith.
  But I didn't.
  No, you were right the first time.
  I'll edit it in after the fact.
  Oh no, it's what it is.
  So it seems seamless.
  To edit out the one you just said.
  All right, fine.
  Hey guys, it's Test Track.
  What I just did is from, that was kind of an appropriated excerpt from Test Track 1.
0.
  Which I think I know more about, I would say.
  Part of doing this episode, like doing Test Track now, I knew I was going to Epcot specifically  in a few weeks, and like, oh maybe that's a fun one, and I wondered if I would go because  I haven't gotten to see 2.
0, the Tronified remake of Test Track.
  I haven't, I didn't get to do it.
  I was wondering if I would, I remain just intrigued, and you guys are going to have  to fill me in on that.
  Yeah, so real quick, I mean, Test Track, we'll go off to a hot start here.
  Test Track, if you don't know what we're talking about, is basically a ride where you are in  the car while they test a car.
  That's the gist of it.
  Yes.
  Notably, Kevin Rafferty, the Imagineer, refers to it in his book as Epcot's first e-ticket  thrill ride.
  Okay.
  That's accurate.
  That is accurate.
  So yeah, so they've done some changes to it over the years.
  Now it's neon.
  Now it looks like a Cosmic Bowling night, essentially.
  It looks like that, Circus Circus, I think is doing, is it Circus Circus doing like a  neon amusement park?  I feel like a lot of times there's gimmicks for places where it just goes, it's neon now.
  You can go see it in its neon lights.
  By the way, that works on me.
  Oh, I was going to say, that works on me too.
  Always.
  Golf, whatever it is.
  Yes, great.
  A glowing blue and green neon, I think, is always in style.
  And watching both versions of the test track back to back today to refresh myself, I was  like, oh, that second version is pretty slick and dynamic, even though it's from 20, nearly  10 years ago at this point.
  Yeah.
  What I'm calling the new one, yes, is pretty old still at this point.
  Right.
  So I'm already getting into my feelings on test track and they're very mixed.
  And I apologize if this is controversial.
  I'm sure.
  No, no, no.
  The neon is not.
.
.
  There's one of the cars now.
  The neon does not do a ton.
  It's not such a big deal.
  Because I was like, oh, wow, they Tronified it.
  Because Tron had come out in the Shanghai Disney and I was like, oh, maybe this is really  going to give this thing some juice.
  Because at the time I had gone on it before, I was a little let down.
  Because when I was a kid, it was like, yeah, this is going to be awesome.
  We love that 60 miles per hour, whatever, 45.
  What is it?  It goes up to specifically 64.
9 miles an hour at top speed.
  I apologize.
  But I was like, do I?  This is fine.
  This ride is fine now.
  And maybe because there's sort of a.
.
.
  Is there maybe an upkeep issue with it?  Like it maybe has not been the most finely tuned.
  I feel like it came out of the gate hot.
  And I remember feeling similar in the in the mid 2000s.
  Well, yeah.
  And let's not forget it.
  They were plugging it.
  They were promoting it for so long.
  And it had so many production issues that it opened much later than it was supposed to.
  So I feel like it was coming soon forever.
  Because the former attraction in the space, World of Motion, closed in 96.
  And then this test track, the first version, doesn't open until officially March 1999.
  But it did soft opening starting in December 1998.
  So like months of soft opening while they fine tuned it.
  Pretty long.
  Yeah.
 And it took forever to build.
  I remember a lot of build up, a lot of hype.
  Yeah.
  I think what I would say is I bet I would have given this like an A plus when I went on it as a kid.
  And now it's like C plus.
  Huh?  Maybe.
  Maybe this is.
.
.
  I'm coming in hot.
  I apologize.
  But I'm a little like, I don't need to go on it again.
  Well, that's what, you know, I was weighing that being there recently.
  Like is that worth.
.
.
  You're looking at that line number.
  You're really weighing the line number.
  I think I was looking at 80.
  And I don't know.
  Was that worth an 80?  Like corralling the big group.
  That's a lot of beer missed if we hit that 80.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, 80 minute.
  Yeah.
  There's no fast pass.
  If it's a fast pass, okay.
  Yeah.
  Knowing that if you're.
.
.
  If you're, you know, a bunch of Californians rolling in, I know that the reaction to that might be it was cool,  but it's not as good as Radiator Springs racers.
  Yes.
  That's right.
  Again, we're jumping all around.
  I'm sorry.
  It's my fault.
  Weave the story of it more.
  Yeah.
  But isn't that what you might.
.
.
  And I like, now I don't feel like super negative about it.
  No, I don't want to.
.
.
  I don't want to like, you know, start things on a bummer note, but I think you do view this,  you have to view it at this point as the building block to other tracks.
  Yes, I agree.
  Which it's a crucial building block.
  It unlocked a lot of, you know, great technologies and this entire ride mechanism that I think just has been topped by the other things that used it.
  When we were down altogether in the fall of 2019, I think I was the only one who went off and did it.
  And I don't know if we.
.
.
  If you guys had left the park or I was there another day and just hopped on it in the single rider line.
  You found time between like testing various boats and the wait time on boats and how long a tram took to get to the boat.
  Let's see how they apply to urban planning, you know?  And you had different insoles in your shoes and you wanted to see how the different insoles reacted to the different pavements in Epcot.
  Yeah.
  You just wanted to test those as well.
  How long does it take to get from the Raclette cheese station to like the French cream puff station at the Boudinouan?  And how do your Achilles tendons feel after you've walked there?  As the current history has shown me, not well.
  That's true.
 That's a good point.
 I'm sorry.
 I didn't want to bring that up.
  But I'm working on it.
  So I did go on it and the ride itself, I did like it.
  It was feeling very rough and I think it recently closed for like a month or so for refurbishment.
  That said, the first impression after I, of course, designed my Sim car that will ride on the Sim track and we'll get to that rigmarole.
  They put us in the car, we put our seatbelt on and we moved maybe three feet and then someone slammed the emergency stop button on the console because someone's seatbelt was loose.
  And it felt like I had just gotten like clothes lined across the chest.
  And it was like, oh my God, this isn't a great first start.
  And I've ridden some rickety rides, but I was like, oh, that was a shock to the system.
  So you got like you were in a car and it was tested on you.
  Like the system worked, honestly.
  I got an extra little test.
  Worked both practically and storyline wise.
  Yeah.
  Luckily, luckily you had those seatbelts there.
  Imagine if you didn't.
  They worked as they should have.
  Yeah, that's right.
  You would have flown out of the car like the Ralph Wiggum Jif.
  The first four feet of the ride and I like splattered across the job, peeling myself off the track.
  Now let's try it without the seatbelts.
  Moaning, full car of people, children.
  Did the person that didn't have their seatbelt on, wouldn't that have thrown them out of the vehicle?  No, it was like in, but it was like, I think a little loose or something.
  But we're like, they didn't do they did first checks, but they didn't do double.
  You got to tug on the dirty yellow straps.
  Yeah, maybe they didn't tug on the dirty yellow straps.
  Very important.
  Yeah, I may be bringing some personal baggage into it too, because the last time that I went on it,  I was like, was I taking a picture?  That must have been what it was.
  And like we were we just gotten off the ride and then I'm probably either I'm just dilly dallying  or like fixing something that was loose or like, where's my sunglasses?  For some reason, I'm like in the unload area, essentially.
  And then a car arrives so loud and with such squealing that everybody in the room,  everybody waiting to get on, other people, the employees, everybody like turns to look.
  It's like so jarring.
  And then in a true nightmare scenario, an employee turns to me and says,  you know why that happened?  Because of you.
  You need to keep moving.
  You need to walk out of this area.
  You're too close to the car.
  So it applied the emergency and that you did that.
  Wow, that's insane.
  That's so shitty.
  Wait, how was I to know?  I don't know the ins and outs.
  I'm not hosting a theme park podcast yet.
  I don't know what sensors trigger what.
  Wow.
  Yeah, when was that? I don't know.
  Probably like 2010 or something pre 2.
0.
  I may have shared this story on the podcast before, but I built you may have been with me.
  You may not have.
  It was the opening coincidentally of Radiator Springs Racer.
  And there was somebody running like kind of the area, the queue area that was screaming at everyone.
  They were it was crazy.
  I've never seen any employee at Disney like screaming at everyone.
  And we went to I don't remember if we were like we weren't going to go tell on them when we were telling on them for some like fast pass reason, we were going to go like talk to a different supervisor somewhere.
  And we explained what was happening and they were like, oh, yeah, that person's from Florida.
  It's a different thing over and like they were all like alluding to like people who were at Walt Disney World scream more or they're more intense.
  Like almost a stereotypical New Yorkian like they'll tell you what they think and they got added.
  Uh huh.
 So I was we were like, whoa, really?  Well, because it was management, right?  It was someone in like like slacks and a dress shirt or.
  Well, it was somebody in a definitely in an authoritative position.
  Yeah.
 As far as because it was opening weekend and they must have gotten some reinforcements because it was such a big deal.
  And it was yeah, because it was the whole Cars Land opening, the whole land had opened and somebody was really intense.
  And then somebody from California who worked there was just like a person from Florida.
  Yeah, I wasn't with you during the incident, but I met up with you, I think, right after that.
  And you just had a stack of make good like however many in your party fast passes.
  And that seems right.
 Yeah.
 My memory of the whole thing is money.
  I just remember a California person selling all of Disney World out.
  Oh, now this is a talking point.
  These are fighting words, I think, because we certainly have listeners who work in the world.
  And I'm curious, like, do you think are you all look, are you all yelling at each other?  That's right.
 I'm wondering.
 And the guests.
  I haven't found that when we go to Disney World.
  No, not besides this one incident.
  No.
 Right.
 And this was in California.
  So it only if you're working on a slot car attraction.
  Yeah, like you get like you're saying about being a Floridian slot car attraction operator.
  Yeah.
 It gets you like almost like being a like a New York taxi cab dispatcher like Louie De Palma.
  Yeah, exactly.
 Taxi.
  Yeah, possibly.
 Would it be funny was the same person who yelled at you?  They yelled at us.
 It's possible.
  Maybe it wasn't that far after.
  Yeah.
 Couple of years later, they had to go out to California.
  I don't know.
 It could be.
 Who knows?  It was maybe somebody listening like no work for that person.
  It's possible.
 Do you remember a yeller or they still work there?  They still work a test track.
 Who knows?  Maybe.
 I think it could be.
  I don't know.
 This feels like the kind of thing where we might get the person.
  I guess I don't know exactly what you're talking about.
  We also if anybody's listening that worked like opening of Cars Land at Disneyland,  then there was a yeller from Florida.
  They probably remember them.
  If you were staying at a hotel across the street, you probably remember that person.
  They were yelling.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 And if you live in California and you know who this is  and you work in the parks division, congratulations on meeting them again  at Lake Nona, your new office.
 Oh, and you're  you're talking about everybody being forced to move to Florida.
  Yeah.
 The two jobs, they're moving to an office park next to the Orlando Airport  runway.
 Oh, man.
  You know how you love living and working in Southern California,  one of the coolest places in the country, if not the world.
  Well, now you live in Florida, which is about to have a Southern  California style housing crisis.
 So enjoy that.
  Wow.
 Jason, really?  You really I think you may be able to feel much worse about it.
  I think they're hanging their heads in shame now.
  I mean, I think if I was working in like Burbank,  like living in the San Fernando Valley and everything and like they're like,  you have to go live in Florida if you want to keep your job.
  It's like, oh, uh, hmm.
  Well, look, believe me, I've in the last couple of months, I still I've been like,  maybe just move to Orlando.
 I still think that's fine.
  Like, yeah, you're saying like, who would ever move from Burbank to Orlando?  I'm like, we got one.
 Yeah, I would do it.
  And you would do it, too.
 Don't act like you're above that.
  I'm upset, by the way.
  I feel for people because Disney is forcing them to do it.
  Believe me.
 But as far as moving to Orlando, I don't know.
  But they've done this before.
  They moved like half the animation division to the back a few years later.
  This just goes back and forth.
  We're like budgets and like tax breaks and they're like, well, we could save  twenty five million dollars if we move everyone over here and they have to  uproot their whole life.
 And then.
 Yeah.
  And then a couple of years later, it's like, never mind.
  Let's you can work here again.
  Yeah.
 No, this is a rich history of doing this.
  Well, and has pointed out to Epic Universe about to open in a few years at Universal.
  So like an arms race will probably start in Florida with Disney having to respond  to like a whole new park.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  And that's when maybe when Epic Universe opens is when we decide  to finally move.
 That's when we actually put the proximity.
  I mean, it's just the airfare is going to get expensive.
  So why? Yeah, because we have to go there a lot to cover all this stuff  because it's going to be yeah, we're going to have to do  there'll be a city walk saga for whatever that like Esplanade thing is there.
  Because that's universe.
  That's going to be a new.
  By the way, I'm just having this realization for the first time.
  That's going to be like their new high end city walk.
  Basically, I don't know if it'll be called City Walk, but it's truly  I'm realizing it'll be shops and restaurants, maybe a ride,  maybe other experiences.
  And that's going to be like some sort of like ultra high end  fancy city walk that we'll have to like put on a suit and tie  and go and experience all of it.
  And then there'll probably be some sort of a wacky adventure.
  Well, right, because it's like an Esplanade Main Street  ticketless combo, supposedly.
 Right.
  But I will be called what would be Diamond City Walk or something?  Like, what would you call?  What you call the luxurious version of City Walk?  Not it's not for the common man is what I'm assuming.
  The common man.
  It's got to be some what they call things like the, you know, the Rick Caruso.
  It's got to be called like a splendia or something.
  It's like some fake Italian.
  But I wish City Walk was the luxury on a satay satay walk.
  City, why you just put a couple random.
  I mean, also, I think we're going to want to be down there because,  like, according to my search, the Lake Nona region is a trendy  planned community with sleek family homes and leafy gated communities.
  Yeah, family focused Nona Adventure Park has a floating obstacle course  and wakeboarding into the south hip boxy park features food  food truck style eateries, live music and volleyball courts.
  Jason, what's the problem with Lake Nona?  I think we should all move to all.
  Moving to Lake Nona.
  What was that leafy? It said it was leafy somewhere.
  Leafy gated communities.
  We put your drafts.
  You get to munch on well, but we could raise some.
  Oh, yeah.
 You could buy a couple like black market  giraffes from Animal Kingdom with my and with.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  And that zoning is different down there.
  They're going to want to attract people.
  So, yeah, they're going to zone it for giraffes to be running around.
  Yeah.
 So we'll be down there to do the satay walk.
  Yeah, we'll see.
  We'll see everybody in Lake Nona soon enough.
  Yeah, we'll be there.
  Jason's glued his computer.
  He's looking for something.
  All right.
 What's the downside of Lake Nona?  I'm looking up weed laws in Florida and they're not great.
  That's the other thing.
  You're moving a bunch of people who design theme park rides to Florida  to like a state with you saying you're saying that you oftentimes  you're going to ride and you're like, what were these Imagineers smoking?  Is that what you're thinking?  Because of the recent, you know, old school Imagineers talking  in the news recently about drinking and smoking while deciding these.
  Right.
 Like Roli in that single one.
  Roli Crump, the only one.
  Oh, yeah, it was that only one.
  None of them, none of the other ones imbibed.
  What other articles have been about Imagineers?  No, it is Roli.
 I just couldn't pull his name off the top of my head.
  Yeah, Tony Baxter's never like, and then I got high before I came up with Figment.
  Look, Lake Nona is, Lake Nona sounds sick to me.
  I think they're going to look the other way.
  Maybe Florida's been weird with weed laws before.
  Oh, it sounds like a fucking glossy shithole.
  Like, it sounds like a fucking nightmare.
  This is you're coming in hot and strong and sharp, Jason.
  It sounds like it sounds like the bad version at living at the Americana.
  Like living on top of a mall.
  There could never be a bad version of that, I don't think.
  Yeah, the Americana is a magical place.
  I was just there today, in fact.
  Dreaming of living there.
  Well, as I've said many times, Lindsay and I thought about doing it eight years ago.
  We thought it would be funny, but then was like a little too expensive.
  But you're kind of the look in your face is kind of like there's a lot of like  you're going to be telling that in 30 years.
  I thought about doing it 38 years ago.
  Yeah, I know.
  Thought it was too expensive.
  I wasn't willing to invest in my own future and live in a place with a trolley  and above a Tesla indoor store.
  The one there's a store where there's just a Tesla sitting inside  of one Tesla and you like go and read about it.
  And I guess you tell them, like, I would like one, please.
  And they tell you where to go, I guess.
  I don't know.
 I'm not sure what the deal is.
  Well, eventually, our code there were.
  I think this is probably like the calls for this have died down.
  But for like maybe eight or nine years ago was maybe the strong was like  Tesla should do test.
  Tesla should do Autopia and boy, do not dodge the bullet.
  Very few people want that anymore.
  Because that would be I mean, it's funny to pitch on as far as a comedic premise.
  Certainly, isn't it?  The car catches on fire.
  Elon Musk is waving at you while he's,  I don't know, on Mescaline on Joe Rogan, Joe Rogan,  animatronic with Elon Musk and they're on Mescaline and talking about HGH.
  But the car stops and you learn about Dogecoin for a good 25 minutes.
  You know, you come out of it like I don't think I know any better  what it is and when this started.
  It's it's him.
  Recapping Rick and Morty episodes, but he half remembers them.
  So there's a lot of stuff that's wrong.
  From an old Will and Grace.
  I don't know how that got in there.
  But no, that didn't that didn't happen, I assume.
  Yeah, well, that will not happen now  as far as a revamp of test track.
  And I will say test track.
  I think what I'm saying is not so wild because of what we're like.
  They've tried multiple things to give it a little extra something like they've  they've felt the same kind of lackingness as time is going on,  because it's like, I don't know, put neon lights on it or put a little computer  where you can make like Homer's car from the first season of The Simpsons,  like make a crazy colorful car contraption.
  But some people, I think, think that that did it.
  I think and they're probably people listening who and I don't know.
  I haven't got to do it.
 But like, probably like I think that opinion is out there.
  Like, well, they did add stuff and I like the stuff.
  I'm not saying I don't.
  It's something.
  It's certainly something.
  I think I like it better than what was there before.
  But I guess all I'm saying is like, I don't think what I'm saying is so wild  because I think the Imagineers felt it too.
  It wasn't like, well, this is a perfect thing.
  And now we're adding a like is some people thought the Guardians was a useless overlay  because that was a perfectly fine experience before.
  But I feel like before you'd be like,  test track does feel like it's got it needs a little something extra now.
  Yeah, that's a little more slickness and color.
  The overlay and stuff, because you watch watching the first one.
  I was like, oh, I like, you know, I always like John Michael Higgins.
  I love when he shows up and stuff.
  But a lot of this, these set pieces are easily acquired  traffic cones and construction barriers.
  And like, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's definitely true.
  And even before you do kind of the big launch at the end,  you're passing by like a bunch of toolboxes.
  Yeah.
 And it's and I feel like I'm seeing so negative.
  I'm really sorry.
 I don't want to be so negative.
  The first like the first version of it is almost like the driest ride  it can possibly be.
  You know what I mean?  It's lacking any sort of whimsy or magic.
  And now with the neon, at least it's like it's like it feels a little cooler.
  It's yeah.
  I watched a clip from some weird special  that had a lot this seemed to be like they follow a group of people  through a bunch of thrill attractions from Disney World.
  And then they have like a neurologist  watch the video of the people on the rides.
  Now, this guy, this the gentleman in the back is looking a little fearful.
  You can tell there's anticipation about.
  But right now, I think they're just, you know, hoping to have a good test  track experience.
 OK, now the adrenaline is ramping up.
  This is a bunch of time wasting nonsense.
  I don't know what the hell this was.
  Neurologist felt like someone they do, like the body language expert  on Fox News where they're.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  People like, what is it?  They're like, yes, I see Barack Obama.
  He is he's like clenching his fist, which means that he is lying  about this policy agreement, like agreement.
  And then they're like, oh, like Sean Hannity or Bill O'Reilly.
  We're like, yes, very good.
  Like, thank you for your analysis.
  They do that stuff on CNN.
 They do that stuff.
  Oh, yeah, they do.
 I know.
  Bernie's hunched here.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I should just back.
 You can't trust the back.
  That's a pretty of a gun.
 That's  a fake thing.
 They do a lot of places.
  Let me apologize to Fox News.
 Yeah.
  I want to say I'm so sorry, Fox News.
  They're a fine organization.
  Yeah, CNN and MSN suck, too.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, that one's to be mad at.
  Well, you know, like,  wait, what was I saying with that that special?  Oh, it was like a talking point in this special  that unlike a lot of other attractions, this is not about fantasy.
  It is it is a real world experience and recreating a place  that does exist.
 Right.
  And then with that revamp, they did distinctly take it into the realm of fantasy.
  So so hopefully you would, you know, it's still all based in how this company  tests the road, tests their cars.
 Yeah.
  But if you were feeling that real world thing, maybe the fantastical  Tron ish element did it for you in the second.
 Yeah, it's I mean, it is better.
  But but I your feeling of like, it's not worth it.
  And my feeling of like if I go down there and it's a fast pass,  I'll go on, but I'm not it's not 80 minutes.
  I'll wait 80 minutes for the bad boys of Boston and Rock and Rollercoaster.
  I wait eight minutes for Tower of Terror.
  You're right.
 I don't I didn't blink at either of those.
  You aren't sure of the reaction you're going to get  like from a group as I was with like, yeah, is this the right  like curation to do here? Yeah.
  You're not I don't know.
  I don't know what that that reaction.
  My dad reminded me a big point about this ride is that the wait line is long.
  You really want to risk it because it is prone to breaking down.
  Yeah, even the more modern version.
  Radar Springs racers, they say is the third generation of this technology.
  That breaks down pretty regularly, too, because it's just a lot of moving pieces.
  It's very complicated, really complicated mechanism and everything.
  Well, let's let's go backwards.
  Let's tell the story of this thing a little more and maybe get excited about like  what it could have been, what it promised.
  Yes, yes.
 In 1999.
  And what I think it did deliver on when it opened.
  Yeah.
 So this is just a it's a very blatantly General Motors  sponsored attraction that was replacing another  a original Epcot attraction, World of Motion,  which was a slow moving.
  Despite being about transportation, it was very slow.
  Move.
 This was the opposite of a thrill ride.
  Was it an Omni mover?  Feel like it was an Omni mover or something similar.
  You know, little cars that zip around.
  I know that it was about the history of transportation.
  And we will do an episode about it someday, obviously.
  But I just want to throw this out, just as we're saying, the thing that it replaced.
  Does anyone do you remember like a scene of World of Motion?  Yes.
 No, no, not at all.
  No.
 Jason.
 Iconic.
  An iconic scene.
 What's that?  The horse, the like overturned cart.
  And there's a horse and a car.
  OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The old old for chaos, the old form of transit meets the new form of transit.
  Sort of.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That's I remember that.
  That's the one that's in my head.
  And I don't think I remember any others.
  I don't remember that from.
  I remember that from seeing a picture of it in the last so many years.
  I don't actually have a memory of it from being a kid going on.
  The pictures used a lot in stuff or like a clip of going by that section is used a lot.
  So that makes sense.
  That's how it was represented.
  Kind of.
 I only know from watching some test track materials  that the what now is the like where you launch,  like where they send you out of the building when it was all enclosed.
  That's the exact spot where there was a scene where like a bunch of,  you know, well-meaning kooks in the year  200 B.
C.
 are all trying or probably further than that  are all like trying to figure out the wheel.
  Do you remember that? There's like a scene where like,  oh, somebody's got a triangle, you knucklehead.
  That's never going to end.
  There may be one as the wheel.
  Like, well, we'll see.
  We'll test all the options and we'll like I.
  Once I saw that, I kind of remembered.
  But again, as we said, as I've said, like a lot of these up cut dark ride scenes do  blend together.
 They're all concept, big concept album, as we've said before.
  But this was I think people liked this.
  I remember liking that attraction a ton.
  But it was they were General Motors.
  Sponsorship was winding down, I believe.
  And they had a poor year like things were.
  What year would this have been?  Like sometime in the mid 90s, they had a really terrible year.
  There were some economic downturns, some hiccups.
  So they were weighing.
  Should we spend money on a sponsorship?  Yes.
 And I think around this time.
  So Disney's weighing, well, yeah, what do we do here?  And I saw it somewhere that they may have floated.
  Well, look, if you come back, we want you to pay for something new.
  It's got to be something new.
  And if you don't do it, somebody else will probably.
  We're going to get another we're going to get one of your competitors to do it.
  So maybe think about doing it.
  So it's a little bit of like a little bit of a threat in a way.
  Being dangled by Disney.
  And they took it seriously and they did consider it for a year.
  And then they and in that year, they had a better year.
  So it was more and congratulations to General Motors.
  I mean, a good year.
  Did anyone else do what I did and look at like, OK,  so General Motors was the first sponsor.
  Oh, Chevron took over the sponsorship.
  And then I like double clicked on the Chevron website.
  And I was like, oh, a division of General Motors.
 Yes, of course.
  Are you mean Chevrolet or Chevrolet?  Sorry, Chevron.
 I always do this.
  So, yeah, that makes sense.
  And it's the same story.
  Yes.
 Yeah, I don't know what brands go with what I think.
  I'm not a car.
 Is anybody remote?  Who's the biggest car guy of the three?  What a question is there?  Because I don't know what parts are.
  I would fail a car parts test.
  I don't even know the names of the cars that the Transformers are.
  I don't even know that.
  So that would I was trying to think of like the closest thing.
  I know like the Ninja Turtle vehicles I had as a kid.
  I know the toilet taxi.
  I know the I don't know.
  I don't know who made Donatello made that one.
  The party wagon, the turtle van.
  I don't know which car company made that, but I know Donatello made the party wagon.
  So I know which turtle made vehicles, but I don't necessarily know.
  Maybe actually by these low standards, maybe you're the biggest car guy.
  I think maybe.
 Yes.
  I know the Batmobile.
  I don't know which company made them, but I know Batman and Alfred made them.
  So I know the makers of that.
  Great.
 Jason, any competition?  Nope.
 Yeah, no, I don't know.
  Or care.
 And sorry if you're, you know, if you're expecting a real top gear kind of episode.
  I guess Lucius Fox helped make a lot of that stuff, too.
  Especially, I mean, in certain certain comic stories.
  And then, of course, the Nolan movies and Batman's handyman Harold.
  Do you remember him from the 80s and 90s?  Yes, vaguely.
  He would kind of I think he lived in the Batcave and did maintenance.
  How did he know who Batman was?  I forget.
 I forget his whole story.
  I don't think really, really represented too much outside the car.
  A lot of stories were just Alfred would be like have like grease on his face with a wrench  and he would be doing stuff.
  But then they figured out a different guy.
  They should really.
  You know, I bring Harold back in the movies.
  Enough car talk, guys.
  You're such car nuts.
 I can't even keep up.
  Yeah, Mike.
  When I walked into the dealership and I was like, well,  so what's the base level Honda Civic, please?  Oh, my God, I loved when I got my last car.
  I actually now like negotiating.
  Oh, I did like negotiating.
  I did bad, though.
  I could have gotten like another couple of thousand down, I think.
  I could be I'm really next time I get a car.
  I'm going to be so good at negotiating.
  I left the table, too.
  I did a whole power move and then they brought in a second guy.
  Geez.
 I did the thing where I like made an offer.
  He said no.
  He came up with another offer.
  I said, let me go think about it.
  I got it from the table, walked away.
  I came back.
 There's a different guy.
  They brought in like the heavy hitter negotiator.
  I left for a week and came back.
  Well, that's good, too.
 I like that.
  But then I said I want I said I made like a power move  because he goes, we're not getting any lower than this.
  This number you want no lower.
  And I go, well, knock 2000 off that and I'm in.
  And he was like, are you sure we shake on it?  I go, OK, you just said it was no lower.
  And then he he went and got it done.
  But then I was like, I could have hold out more.
  I was mad at myself because I could have done more.
  I have a question about the Jason leaving for a week.
  Was that you hearing the base price, not liking the base price,  returning a week later and accepting the base price?  No, no.
 In fact, in that week, I found I think Mike sent me this triple  a tool and it did knock like a couple of thousand off.
  And they they tried to pull a fast one on me.
  They're like, oh, that one that one credit.
  That's not a rebate for you.
  That's a rebate for us.
  The dealership you don't get.
  And I was like, get the hell out of here.
  What do you mean? Why would it show me your rebate?  Like, come on, man.
  I came in with a coupon for you.
  Yeah.
 He went into another room.
  It came out.
 It went, OK, we will give you that.
  I went and was scolded about that maneuver.
  Yeah, I love it.
  OK, so General Motors does agree to re up.
  We want to do something more exciting.
  Everybody agrees that a more thrilling attraction might be the way to go.
  They're not being these in Epcot necessarily, as Jason said.
  So they go back in time to something that was proposed in the 70s.
  Like the world, the motion pavilion was supposed to be this sprawling dark ride,  but then also this bigger attraction that simulates the tests  that a car goes through.
  And this was based on an Imagineer trip to the Milford Proving Ground.
  Great.
 I got it right before I saw it in the notes.
  Milford, Milford.
 Yeah.
  Proving that's then that's what we're all we're all.
  If you're listening to this episode, you're excited about the Milford Proving Ground.
  This is where GM tests their cars.
  This is where now is in Michigan.
  It's in Michigan.
 Yeah, I believe the  one of the GM guys.
 Yeah.
  You can see this from space like it's such a big facility,  facility and patch of black asphalt.
  Yeah, I got curious about because I'm looking it up on a map like that is pretty big.
  I wonder if that's like bigger than the theme parks.
  It's bigger than you could fit all four of the Disney World parks  and the water parks into the Milford Proving Ground.
  Wow.
 Still have plenty of room.
  Epcot is 300 acres.
  Milford Proving Ground is 4000 acres in miles and miles of track.
  And that's just for speed stuff.
  There's also the I also looked in the Kevin Rafferty book.
  The Black Lake is a part of it.
  Like the most sinister sounding like.
  Yeah, but then it turns out pretty it does turn out pretty cool in that book.
  Like he gets to do some crazy stunt driving and stuff.
  Yeah, this is like a place to, you know, whip your car around.
  It's stuff seems like seems like a lot of fun.
  But that's as big as 59 football fields put together.
 Wow.
  That's massive.
  And you and in the queue, people might remember you see the overhead views  of this place and yeah, it's pretty it's pretty jaw dropping.
 Yeah.
  And this is on top of like the global headquarters of GM.
  I believe is a series of skyscrapers in downtown Detroit.
  Like it's like a ton of yeah, it's like a ton of interconnected things,  including maybe oh, God, I'm going to get this wrong.
  I think it's a Marriott that is the largest like hotel  in the world that is specifically just a hotel.
  Like it's some insane like factoid.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 So they own Michigan, a massive facility.
  The Imaginers took a trip to this place in the 70s  and thought it would be a good basis for a ride because it is rides like you're  testing cars out and you are running through these tests  that are what ended up in the in test track.
  You know, it's it's high speed stuff, but then checking brakes  and that's thrilling and you're whipping around and you're checking heat  and you're checking cold and bumps and all of that stuff.
  So it's a pretty like the keen observation from then.
  That's a that's a pretty interesting holdover idea.
  They isolated it correctly and then it's years for everything to catch up to it.
  Yeah.
 And it makes sense.
  I mean, there's obvious like I totally like I could see where you go.
  This is a cool idea because, yeah, as you're saying, it's all rides.
  It's all just like, well, let's see what happens if you just crank it up to 60  and hit the brakes really hard.
  That is as long as you don't crash.
  That's a fun, crazy thing to do.
  I mean, they tell stories in the Kevin Rafferty  tells stories of going up to, you know, it's like 120, 130.
  Like, yeah, yeah.
 Super cranking.
  Well, I did.
 I now I'm thinking about it.
  I am the car guy because I went to a bachelor party and race cars around a track.
  Yeah, yeah, you did this.
  I did that once and we were up to like you go to like 100 miles an hour.
  And it's it's and that's you in control, too.
  That's me.
 Well, maybe I told them real quick that they give you a couple.
  They they have somebody drive you on the track before you do the track.
  And that person is driving like a little tiny.
  It's not an SUV, but it's a bigger like Jeep ish car.
  And that person gets up to 120 miles an hour.
  And their job is to completely panic you because you're in the backseat  and you've never gone that fast in your life.
  And everyone in the car felt like they were going to like we all look at each  other like we're going to die.
 We're about to die.
  Your body is not ready to feel that.
 Yeah.
  And that's like 100.
  I think it was 120 maybe in the car.
  And then I don't think I ever hit that because I was my body is still like  you shouldn't be going this fast in a car.
  Sure.
 When I'm driving and you shifting gears to or was it on?  No, they have a guy there with you.
  Oh, OK.
 They have a guy next to you.
  Thank God that does some of that for you while you're doing it.
  Basically, you're just your goal is to.
  And I remember how you like accelerate into a turn  and then like turn the wheel hard to try to make the little turn like.
  And then the guy will signal to people because you're on the track with other  racers, which is the craziest thing.
  I thought we were going to be alone.
  But you have to literally like wait for a break.
  And then the guy goes, all right, go.
  And he just shouts at you and tells you what to do basically the whole time.
  Because all you have to keep telling yourself when you're racing like this is  I don't know what I'm doing and I'm terrified.
  They have to have people like this all day.
 Right.
  That like this can't be I can't be the worst driver here.
  They must have people.
  So you go around the track like five or six times and then they show you.
  And I have a video somewhere of like how fast you go.
  And yeah, they let you do 100, 110, like if you want.
  Like the guy was yelling me faster, he was just a guy yelling at you faster  while you're going 100 miles an hour,  while there are other cars going 100 miles an hour on the track as well.
  A bunch of people who have never done this before.
  Yeah, a track full of for everybody, a track full of people who.
  Yeah, have never done this before.
  So what's that facility that's in Vegas?  It's not in Vegas.
 It's sort of in the desert.
  And I don't want the name of the facility.
  But I do.
 I will say you.
  Your adrenaline has never been that high.
  You get out of it feeling like primal.
  You get out of it feeling like and not in a bad way.
  Like I was like, I could do this again.
  Like you use a train as a whole transformation that happens when you're in there  because your body just shifts into this different mode.
  Where it's so heightened that like you have this extra sensory like experience.
  Because if because if you didn't, you would crash the car and it would blow up.
  Your body is no option but to go into like,  oh, I'm being attacked by saber tooth tigers,  which I don't think it lasted were around when humans were.
  But if they were, your body is like in some bizarre primal experience  where it's like, I need to kill to survive.
  It's like punching seven saber tooth tigers.
 Yeah.
  Making a big pile of them.
  Standing on top of it.
  Yeah, that's all I felt after going on a trek five times.
  By the way, three of us should go do this sometime.
  I think I I drove to Vegas recently and I think I saw that speedway when I drove by.
  Also, that drive between Los Angeles and Las Vegas,  the speed limit for most of the way is 70 miles an hour.
  Sure.
 And you're often like there's no one else around for long stretching.
  It's so easy to.
  Oh, yeah, you go 110.
  I'm not 7580.
  And that's already like a little nerve wracking.
  I keep distracted from the topic real quick, though, like when you started  to drive, when both of you started to drive, I'll explain what my experience was.
  I was I did not get my license right when I started when I was 16.
  It took me a little more like after maybe closer to 17.
  And I would get made fun of by my friends for how slow I drove.
  Same.
 Yeah.
 Oh, 100 percent.
  Same, same.
  I would get mocked.
  And then, of course, my one friend who would mock me the most  got into a horrible car wreck.
  So there we go.
  Well, good family car.
  Yes, he's I think he's fine.
  Yeah.
 But yes, no, I got ripped, ripped.
  If I was driving my friends somewhere because of how slow I would often go.
  I remember one friend was like, well, I think the optimal speed  to drive on any road is 45 miles an hour.
  And it's like the speed limit in our town on most streets is 30 miles an hour.
  A lot of neighborhoods don't have sidewalks.
  People are walking on the shoulder between and it's like,  why are you zipping around?  First of all, why are you cramming seven people, seven teenagers  into a five person car?  And then you're flooring it through like fucking Mayberry.
  So if you're wondering what Jason's wild teen years were like,  people always wanted to go like, we can all fit, we can all fit.
  It's like there's people in this sedan.
  Yeah, that happened to me once or twice.
  I think that's a common like, oh, yeah, we can just sit on somebody's lap  over there.
 Yeah.
  And it'd be like, and I'd be like, are you sure we can?  Three in the morning.
  I know a provisional license.
  You were supposed to be off the road four hours ago.
 The first  the first day since your friend is like having a third parent around.
  That's right.
 I mean, I was close.
  I went close.
 Some of those instances, it was just a bunch of theater dorks.
  And they're like, yeah, he's got a point.
  We should get home.
 I.
  You know, the first voice of reason, the first car  I ever rode in that was not driven by an adult was like a cooler,  like athlete kid that I knew.
  And I was in the backseat and I felt like I was doing something so illegal.
  I don't even think I maybe told my parents I was doing it.
  But my memory is just sitting in the back.
  And he was blasting Bob Dylan's The Hurricane.
  I don't know why he was just Bob Dylan's Hurricane blasting  as we're like driving down Schomburg Road too fast.
  I knew it was too fast, but it was also like thrilling.
  Like I felt alive for the first time in my life.
  Well, right.
 That's a happy song.
  It's not a happy song.
  It is a it is not a happy song.
  But yeah, for whatever reason, that was the song he was playing.
  And that is my memory of that.
  So wild times, wild times from three wild car guys.
  Where were we in this in the slow tail of test track test track?  So the imagineers of various times got to go and do the drive facility.
  Yeah, it's a millford.
  They had Milford.
  They had the true driving experience at Milford.
  And it makes yes, as we were saying, it makes sense that they were like,  yeah, there's a ride.
 Yeah.
  And I think that all went that all went pretty smoothly.
  And everybody agreed that's a great attraction.
  And it really is.
 It's very epic.
  Cotty and that it is it's like maybe as exciting as an educational attraction  can be.
 It is teaching you about a place and about the rigorous efforts  that a car company puts into making sure that you're safe  before the car goes on the road.
  But then crazy things happen to you, too.
  But right.
 Like I don't think I think to get more exciting than that in Epcot,  you just have to bail on education entirely.
  See Guardians.
 Right.
  There has to be no.
  I mean, I was trying to think about this, like because obviously we've talked  about some of the drier things in Epcot, but it's like  they didn't go with like a car mascot or any sort of they really just  because the other stuff that was like educational would have a little more  whimsy in it.
  And it feels like is this the is this of all the Epcot things,  does this have like the least whimsy about it?  Because all those original world of motion, there was still some of the magic.
  They're like kind of feeling of like, oh, and look at this.
  Isn't this like a special thing?  And this is very dry.
  This is very much like.
  I might say that the boat ride  where you look at hydroponic plants is the driest.
  But there's magic on.
  Maybe I'm out of my mind.
  I'm not saying it's not dry, but there's a magic on living.
  Tentreg is drier than the boat ride.
  100 percent.
 Living with the land has more magic.
  Jason, back me up here.
  You don't have to agree with me.
  I hadn't really ever.
  There's some like very much.
  There's some dark ride elements of living with the land, and there's some  ambiance and dark.
  Like it's like, you know, like the dusty, dusty house.
  Two scenes and then.
  Well, but that's more than the dryness of test track.
  I'm not saying it's the most special.
  But I would also say that going 65 miles an hour is not dry.
  OK, well, I'm saying dry.
  Exciting.
 I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
 No living with the land is scripture now.
  I mean, it is.
  I was a moderate about living with that.
  I'm just saying that there's some of that like a little whimsy and specialness.
  I'm not saying exciting.
  Of course, the 64 miles an hour is not exciting.
  Plants that are growing in the air or plants, you know, there's stuff  that you don't see every day.
  The fish tanks, you know.
  But there's a cozy, there's a Disney, especially old Epcot.
  There's a cozy little feeling you get on these rides, and that's missing from test.
  That's what I'm saying.
 I'm not saying exciting.
  I'm not even saying better.
  I'm just saying test track to me feels like it's the it's the it's the bare bones.
  It doesn't have like it doesn't have like especially the first version  doesn't have like a and then there was a car and the car was tested.
  Like there's not that little like we're going to tell you a little story now.
  It's very much like what you did at the start of the show.
  Living Seas is pretty dry, I would say.
  Now it's but the early Living Seas was was much more like  I think that's an extremely functional.
  I think like it is like it is facts and placards.
  And here's how we take care of it.
  Well, there used to be the whole fictional like, you know, Seabase Alpha.
  They did take away some of that.
  But I guess, yeah, I look, I wanted to feel there's a little warmness  in your little in your little belly when you go on and you see all those old Epcot things.
  And I just think it's missing from especially that first version of test track.
  It's very bare bone.
 Here you go.
  This is how we do it.
 Here we go.
  Isn't this fun? Oh, no.
 Look at this thing.
  Like it's just that's straight ahead.
 I'm not saying it's even bad.
  I'm just saying that test track kind of of its time.
  The first version or back me up.
  Maybe I'm crazy on this one.
  But like I feel like the 90s and I think they start in the 80s.
  But I feel like there was a big trend in both car commercials  and car culture and certainly those crash test dummy PSA.
  There was a lot of cars being crashed to show they were safe.
  And the crash test dummies had PSAs and cartoons and yes, that's true.
  And that color, that aesthetic, the orange and yellow and the like  all of that, I feel like is very prevalent in the first version of test track.
  And it was also very prevalent on a lot of like advertising and TV.
  There was something in the air like this.
 That's true.
  It was a little like the little the circles divided into the four,  the little like, yeah, whatever those yellow and black.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It is bizarre now that you're saying this, because like, why was there a cartoon  based on the dummies that would test to make sure cars wouldn't kill people?  It is weird.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  And yeah, and there was that's the back to the future line video.
  Also, that's the safety video.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Crash test.
  Yeah.
 Why was this in the culture?  That's really weird.
 I think about it.
 I mean, I remember all that stuff.
  I mean, every now and then there's like an advertising thing  that kind of breaks through, like becomes more than the advertising,  like California raisins or the Geico cavemen.
  Yeah, we were all we were all thinking it.
 Huh?  Yeah.
 I and I kind of like those crash test dummies characters.
  I recall liking all that.
 Yeah, I do.
 I like them.
  But I mean, the toys were fun.
  I don't think I had a lot of them, but I would play with them.
  Oh, you had some toys.
  I think I had one or two, but I definitely remember playing with them.
  You get the car, right? Yeah.
  The bit was you just put them in the car and you'd throw it along.
  And then they would pop apart.
 Like, yeah.
  Man, that is strange that I have not even thought about that.
  And since it happened, I don't think you guys are both scolding the dummies, too.
  Like, if you know, if you go more than 30, this thing's going to crash.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 You're likely to lose a hand.
  Jason never made him crash, probably.
  He just had them on a nice 25 miles an hour,  and then they would get to their destination safely.
  Well, if I did, I would then like lay like a commemorative  like who would make a wreath and lay it  like on the Ottoman that they crashed into.
  There is everywhere in the house.
 Yeah.
  Make a little family for them.
  A little crash test baby that morning at the funeral.
  Yeah.
 The baby on board.
  I put a baby on board like window hanger and it was a little crash test dummy baby.
  Oh, where? Oh, where?  I was terrible at drawing.
  Can my baby be our leader of the pack?  This does bring up a question.
  Why wasn't there more like, hey, I'm Brian, the test dummy.
  Like, good to see you.
  Like, why wasn't why don't we get a little of that?  Yeah, there's one or two jokes in here that are a little like  almost universal.
  Like you go by the corrosion robots and he goes like, hey,  do we remember to turn those robots off?  Like that feels like a little, you know, some of that.
  Yeah, some of that real body.
  It's really that's not a body.
  I'm going to apply to everything.
  But it's the word is done the tip of my tongue at every moment.
  I know this is jumping around.
  However, if you've been if you've never been on test track,  we have been on Radiator Springs.
  It's similar where there's a big thrilling finale, but you go through little rooms  at first and kind of the equivalent in Radiator Springs racer.
  You know, like you there's the fork in the road and you either get the car  painted or you get the new tires.
  And that felt very like a very similar beat to what happens in test track,  where you go through these little smaller rooms and one is extreme heat.
  The car is being tested for extreme heat.
  One is extreme cold.
  And then after there is the corrosion  center and let me be real here.
  I until doing this episode, I had no idea what that is about.
  What's that supposed to be? What is the corrosion?  What's happening there?  You mean, what are they simulating testing? Yes.
  Oh, it's coming up because then there's these two robots.
  As Jason said, like, hey, did we remember to turn those robots off  and they're spraying something at you? What?  Oh, good question.
  Like what?  Like caustic stuff that would hit.
  So I think like hard water, saltwater,  you know, stuff that would cause the outside of a car to corrode, to corrode  or like, I don't know what it's supposed to be.
  Definitely.
  Myochemical like whatever would be regularly splashing on a car  and could cause corrosion.
  I mean, like cars wear a lot different  in a warmer climate than they do, like on the East Coast.
  You know, all that salt can really eat away at stuff.
  I don't actually know.
  They don't say like, oh, we're spraying them with like  disinfecting bug spray or something, or we're spraying.
  It doesn't say.
  There's not a very clear what it is.
  Poison gas.
 Like we're spraying them with poison gas.
  And it's yeah.
 And it's kind of a lute.
  I get I almost missed it as even being a problem.
  You bring it in bringing it up.
  I just kind of like accepted, oh, they're testing it so it doesn't get.
  The metal doesn't get corroded.
  But I never thought about what it is.
  There's because that's also the payoff of the thing in the pre-ride video  where he pulls up the different like, let's try a double up to five and nine.
  And she says nine with a little bit of trepidation.
  He's nine with a slight smile.
  And I like I remember that scaring me when I was in the line.
  Like, what is nine? What is that going to be?  And until thinking about this ride for a while, like in the last couple of days,  I'm like, what was that?  What was I supposed to be scared of?  And nine.
 And is it that you're getting sprayed at with  salt water?  Well, I mean, if they obviously so there's numbers,  then there's different types of things they're spraying and they never say  what, yeah.
  Well, I think, too, if you look at what's coming up as as those are pulled up  on a computer, you know, two is cold and five is heat and nine is like the wild card.
  And then what that ends up being is robots spraying a mist at you  that I'm still confused why it's a problem.
  I think I didn't hone in on that because.
  I I clocked the robot spraying the mist and I went,  oh, that gag is in Radio Springs Racers in the paint.
  And and so is the the Mack truck is also  reused in Radio Springs Racers in a different way.
  But yeah, but it must be.
  Yeah.
 What what would it what would be the worst thing you could spray?  What would it be the worst thing they're spraying at people  like on a test track, an actual in Milford?  What are they spraying on these cars?  Like it would be some like chemical warfare.
  Oh, acid rain.
  Yeah, acid rain.
 That's not bad.
  Test is something.
 Yeah.
  I think you got to be a little more clear about it.
  Yeah.
 Doesn't that help you?  Because then, yeah, then it gave a little extra danger.
  Obviously, there's misting you with water and you're smelling one of their,  you know, smell canisters.
  Or if it's like ahead of you and then wait, stop the acid rain test right now.
  And then it parts and then you go through.
  Stop the biological warfare gas.
  Like, yeah, then then you're more like scared.
  The car germs, the car germs from attacking the car.
  Stop them like nanobytes particles  that are supposed to infect people's brains or something.
  I don't know.
 Yeah.
  A little more of a threat and a little more clarity, I think.
  I agree.
  Um, I I'm so lost in terms of where we where we are with the story.
  Um, I mean, like we land on they land on this attraction idea.
  I liked the story in the Kevin Rafferty book about how they always called it test  track.
 And then GM was like, ah, we have a process for this.
  And they flew a bunch of geniuses, quote unquote, to a fancy  L.
A.
 hotel conference room, all to like throw out names the way they do on cars.
  And some like like some woman who he compared to like Devil Wears Prada is like,  all right, I want animals that invoke speed.
  And people are yelling, Gazelle.
 Yes.
  Good, Gazelle.
 And they're building a list of like a hundred thousand words.
  And it's all and Kevin and it's all people in like slick suits.
  And then it's like dopey imagineer, Kevin Rafferty and Hawaiian shirt  listening to all this and like, I don't know, I've named a lot of things  in this in these parks.
  I think probably just want to call it test track.
  And then I don't he doesn't even really follow up on what happened because it is  called test track.
 Yeah, they had an extremely clear name.
  That's just a funny window into like corporate overthink.
  Yeah, I yeah, that was that was really great.
  And the the the comparison he makes is when they're like, hey, we need a name  for a lunch shack at Blizzard Beach.
  And it goes avalanche.
 And they're like, great.
  Thank you.
 You can't even get up from his chair.
  You didn't break his man out of turned around.
  That rules.
 Have a lunch.
  Yeah.
 Sometimes you just go by your gut.
  But like, yeah, I like all these slick like mad men guys in suits,  like screaming about Jaguar Cheetah.
  Well, did he? Yeah.
 Did he have like was going to be like Cheetah Racers?  Like, what do they think?  Like he has a joke about about like what word soup it was possibly going to be.
  Yeah.
 But yeah, I mean, and also you you do just, you know,  you have to sort of explain what the attraction is with these titles.
  And be clear.
  So, yeah, they start building this thing.
  World of Motion is evicted officially early 97.
  I think they start building it.
  I think I forgot that it's the same building.
  It's a pretty cavernous building where the dark ride was.
  And they just got it and used it in that industrial warehouse  kind of where it's a it's a huge open space.
  Now there's space to do a climb and go, you know, up three stories to start the thing.
  And I guess that's where you start getting into, like, well,  well, the ride vehicle itself, because this is, as we've said, kind of the big  headline.
 What came out of Test Track is this great ride mechanism  that became Radiator Springs, among other things.
  I think also interesting in the Rafferty book is when he explains  their like they brought GM people out to the Indiana Jones adventure.
  You got to check this out.
  Look, we're able to do with a vehicle at this point.
  They said that's great.
  However, is there a way to make it make it a little more practical  and like have it actually be more of a real car?  And that's sort of like they clearly cracked something really interesting  with electric vehicles simulating a lot with Indy.
  But with this, they wanted it to be real in terms of surfaces,  that it is real tires and they are going over bumps  and that things really are happening to you as opposed to Indy,  where it's entirely simulated for the most part.
 Right.
  Yeah, it's crazy because the Indiana Jones feels so real  when you're on it.
 But really, if you really are conscious,  conscious while you're like on that ride, you're like, oh, yeah,  this actually feels like we're bouncing.
  Yeah.
 Going over a bridge is not real at all.
  That's entirely something that like a Star Tours type vehicle could do.
  In theory, right as well.
  But when you go on a bunch of,  you know, stones or bricks on a ride like this, you really are.
  Yeah, you feel that like bump.
 Yeah.
  And you know, that's what the what a bump actually feels like.
  Do you guys have a grasp of on how these work?  Exactly.
 We've established the level of car people that we are.
  So we might be flailing here.
  But like the fact that they call it a slot car and it's like those toys,  they're like real cars and real tires.
  But it's electricity powered.
  So that that the imaginary springs or this like that big open part  of the track in the middle, that is feeding electricity and signals  into the car.
  Is there like a stick almost attached to the car?  I think about.
 Yeah.
  You mean like similar to like the ultimate extension of a bumper car  where it has it has the stick on top and it's getting the electric sparks  from the roof.
  Is it like the opposite version of that?  That's what our is coming from below.
  That's the way I understand it.
  But now that you're saying it, I'm like in some stupid if that's wrong.
  I think it because the Spider-Man vehicles, like there's a  there's a thingy underneath isn't there.
  And that that's how they, you know, move it in multiple directions.
  Yes.
 Is it not on a track?  Spider-Man, you're talking about? Yeah.
  Well, it's got to be a track of track.
  Yeah, it has to be a track.
  But that's my understanding was like a slot because the slot car,  if you've not done that, it's like a old I guess kids are still doing it,  but it's an old school kind of toy where it was like the car is not  the car doesn't have a motor itself, but the car is on a thing  that's connected to basically like the track as what we're saying is like  just like a line, what would you call?  I don't know.
 Not like a line.
  There's a space for  something to I can't look at it.
  I'm like a fucking idiot.
 We're screwed here.
  Well, and this is I know I can picture in my mind's eye  the production and creation of this ride, like the tires kept like going haywire.
  And their tires wouldn't make it through a day.
  They'd blow tires every day.
  And like for optimal, like X number of riders per hour,  it's like we need 20 plus cars running at any time.
  And the ride is tapping out in the single digits.
  They had to totally redo the software.
  Yes, they were using an outside group for the software that powered all these cars.
  There are like three on board computers on all of them.
  And they had to scrap it and just make something from scratch.
  I think it was around the time that they were putting in sort of a similar  experimental.
  We've never done this kind of thing before.
  The rocket rods, one of the biggest ride disasters ever at Disneyland.
  And that was flailing in the entire production of it.
  It opened and it just truly did not work.
  Like there's I think a very short history of attractions that did not work at all.
  Right.
 They never made came out fixed it.
  Really? Yeah.
 It just sort of destroyed the track.
  Just like really it sputtered for a few years and then they bailed on the whole thing.
  And that was that.
  So they did not like this cannot happen.
  Like they're watching the worst case scenario play out in reality, in an open park,  in Disneyland.
 This cannot happen.
  So they keep kicking it down the grid.
  There's a big mural that they put up outside of the facility that says  coming 98 and then they bail on it and just says coming soon.
  They're not committing to a time.
  And that's what I think I went to Disney World in this era.
  I don't know if you guys did, too, where you go and admire that building  and the scope of it.
 And boy, that looks exciting.
  But is this ever going to open? Right.
 Exactly.
  I just thought here's a better way to say what a slot car is.
  There's a mechanism under the track that the car connects into.
  And the mechanism under the track is the thing that's propelling the car,  not internally in the little car.
 Wow.
 I sound so much smarter now.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah.
 Before I sounded like I was about to have like a stroke and pass out.
  My brain was working.
  All of us were saying thing.
  My brain was working so hard and it sounded dumb.
  It's it's not it's not not our area of.
  Certainly not.
 Again, I know how Donatello made the turtle blimp.
  But it's an interesting like it's an interesting ride mechanism.
  And the combination of it is a real car.
  There are things that it can do and they have to be tuned up like a real car.
  I think one of those Disney plus behind the scenes at the parks kind of feature  it's is about the garage at Radiator Springs and how complicated that is.
  And that's like every bit as complicated as Alfred with the  with all the oil on his face and Harold.
  Harold Harold Allnut.
  Was that his name? Yes.
 Harold Allnut.
  Yes, he he was.
  I think he was a henchman that Batman rescued.
  Oh, he's like he sort of rehabbed him.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's nice of Batman.
  He usually just beats his shit out of guys and throws him in jail.
  This guy, he liked one case.
  It's like, yeah, that's nice.
  He does rehab and one out of 100 or 100,000 maybe.
  Yeah, interesting.
  Yeah.
 So it's just really prickly.
  This this thing gets delayed forever.
  I didn't realize that there was a preview center outside of it.
  They pulled a bunch of cars up.
  They were playing videos.
  One thing I like about all this, I think you feel the late 90s  of that original test track, and I can't tell if I like it or I don't like it.
  Let me play an ad that they they put out.
  I don't know if this was a television ad,  but this is this is certainly the vibe.
  And you can tell that, you know, maybe they know that Universal's  getting a little more extreme down the road.
  The soon they're going to have Hulk open and Dr.
  Doom and all that stuff.
  And we got to start saying, well, we got thrills at Disney World 2.
  So you end up with this ad here.
  Compared to other activities, riding test track leads to a decidedly prominent  increase in endorphin manufacture in the basal ganglia.
  In other words, test track rocks.
  Brace yourself.
 I mean,  that's the 90s and then the most like  test track.
  Yeah, that cute sort of like poor man's ravey,  the kind of font where there's one font, but then a ghostly version of the same  word shoots through into the back, like haunting the word.
  Test track rocks.
  That is not that is not a dopey up cut science.
  No, that's like a tone of that ride either.
  No, ultimately not.
 No, there's nothing in it.
  Yes, that was rock and roller coaster, which is another car.
  It is a car vehicle.
 That fine.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  That's a that's a very in your face type of ride.
  But yeah, no, test track is not.
  No, the thing is extremely dry and you have to you're right about the dryness.
  And I guess when I because like the opposite of that is what you get  in the pre ride video, which I was alluding to at the beginning.
  Right.
 Right.
 Which is you're just like in a you're in a facility  with a guy in a polo shirt and a headset,  like spouting all of this lingo.
  And that he does not John Michael Higgins does not break  and go like, all right, so we're going to check the suspension in the chassis  and then and I don't know, in other words, it rocks.
  There's no.
 Yeah.
 Shift in that way.
  Exactly.
 Also doesn't slip into his  late shift David Letterman impression either.
  No, he does not.
  What am I going to do with the rest of my life?  Yeah.
 OK.
 John Michael Higgins, the great John Michael Higgins.
  Well, you know, we've talked about late shift ad nauseum episode coming soon, I think.
  Sure.
 This is probably the first he was on people's radar was the was the late shift.
  This I think admirable performance as David Letterman.
  Like, what a tall order.
  Oh, yeah.
 Impossible thing to do to like a guy who's on TV all the time  then and play him like not as a caricature in a movie  that has characters.
 Yes.
 Almost everyone else is.
  So how do you play dramatic scenes as David Letterman?  I mean, it's insane.
 How would you? Yeah.
  He manages to do it.
  I remember thinking about John Michael Higgins.
  Well, this guy is like a novelty impressionist guy.
  He's like Rich Little.
  Rich Little's in the late shift in the late shift.
  So then when he starts appearing in other things,  probably most prominently best in show is what really blew up the career.
  Seemingly, I was like him.
  They're letting the Letterman guy.
  And then you watch the movie of course, and they're like, oh, he's great.
  He's so good.
 He's so good.
  A mighty wind.
 He said the rest of development.
  So good and everything.
  I'm very fond of the guy because I got to work with him on this this pretty long  shoot, this thing, Tween Fest for Funny or Die with past guests.
  And now tonight show all stars, Brad Evans and Nick Cerelli.
  He was the star of the thing, like top of call sheet.
  So nervous to work with the guy.
  And oh, my God, the greatest guy.
  I'm so happy to say, like the nicest, coolest guy,  like imparting lessons all the time and not like a preachy way.
  Just like the way that a star of something needs to behave,  invested, making everything better.
  This guy's so great.
  He's also on the set doing the thing that you want the most,  which is telling stories from his storied career.
  There was a day where he  was extremely tense, like running out of light, the worst like  like I need to be focused.
  And then I hear him start to talk about like, like, well, you know,  I was in this Letterman movie and I'm like, oh, man, what do I do?  Like I have like it took till day 13 for him to I want to.
  I think I like bounced back and forth.
  I got to hear some of it.
 But we got into test track.
  You had to get into test track.
  And he told a story about making this video.
  And I like at first I was like, am I telling this story out of school?  But he did tell it on this other podcast.
  We've cited this thing, the Tierra podcast.
  Something weird like Cal David, his voice of sunny eclipse.
  The voice of sunny eclipse is on it.
  John Michael Higgins is on it.
  So he told this story.
 So that means I'm allowed to tell it.
  If you think about what that video is like,  you're sort of watching a live feed in this laboratory space.
  What are they? They're in the control.
  So we're in the control center.
  Bill McKim is, of course, the iconic character, Bill McKim.
  And it's sort of a big you might not even realize this while watching it,  but it's sort of a big unbroken take.
  Yes, as a lot of things are.
  I mean, it's not dissimilar from the Avatar.
  Move your arms around.
  Like, it's definitely in that world where like we're not watching a pre-produced video.
  There's a live feed here and this guy's talking to you.
  So he gets this job, he's excited to do it,  and he's reading through the thing and thinking, well, there's a lot of this is  nothing but car jargon and he also not a car person.
  I don't believe so he's trying to decipher like,  well, how am I going to fit all this in?  And and and he I think he starts talking to the director like,  so what are the cut points here?  Like, where how much do I have to have?  And he's the director's like, the there are no, you got to do it all.
  You have to do all of it.
  And if you watch a video of this on YouTube, it is like four minutes long.
  And it's a it's not a four minutes where there's like a long part  where you just emote and there is not memorization to do.
  It is full memorization.
  I don't think cards were an option for some reason.
  He had to have all this.
  And if you like, watch the video and know that this guy had to memorize this,  it's insane.
  It's like one of the greatest acting challenges.
  Yeah, I can imagine.
  Yeah, kind of par for the course.
  If you're doing a play unusual, if you're doing something in front of the cameras,  that's like a thing that it's like, all right, everyone get on your game.
  This is a four minute unbroken take.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Which like so he I mean, he is like a  a super theater trained actor, which is maybe why they asked him to do it.
  And that he leaned on that to get it done.
  Like, I do have those powers of memorization.
  However, he walked also a play.
  You would know that and prepare for that.
  I think he walked onto the set and was not aware of the approach.
  And I think it was going there has to be something right even within this format.
  And they were very firm.
  No, no, no, it's got to be this.
  And if also if you watch the video like beyond, he has to go do all that stuff.
  But then also like go mill around in the back.
  And when it's over, he leaves and goes and talks to gestures  that a map to somebody and then comes back and he forgot his clipboard.
  And so there's all this there's a ton of silent business.
  Yeah.
 He had to repeat every time.
  Basically, this seemed like the craziest day of shooting ever,  where it has to be perfect 100 percent.
  So he'll make it 80 percent of the way through and then miss one little thing.
  And they'll go cut stop.
  And they does not even like time to recover.
  It's just not keep going.
  No, sorry, I got to hit it again.
  But it's also maybe you're getting here and I'm cutting.
  I apologize if I'm cutting you off.
  But like it also feels like they  the people putting it together maybe weren't like the most like well thought out  in some aspects of it, too, because with a ride video with a pre ride video,  it's like if there's a cut or two, there's not a single dad in line  who's like, what the hell? That's not an unbroken take.
  Like no one cares.
  It's not like a throw up a graphic.
  It's not a Paul Thomas Anderson movie or something where it's like one single shot  and it's an important monologue and you got to get it all.
  And what like that's not what it is.
  Obviously, you can put you could put several edits.
  It almost feels like people maybe that didn't  weren't thinking about all the practical things when they were shooting that day.
  Yeah, is it people who are not filmmaking minded?  Even like because you imagine they would hire people who are.
  But you never know.
  Like we think of these things as the grandest.
  Oh, my God, if I could be part of a ride video.
  But I think they're oddly there, their afterthought,  they're one component of this massive multimedia project.
  Oh, look, there was a funny or die commercial.
  I've told the story I think before on the show where I was like,  it was a page monologue and I was like, everyone, if this is 30 seconds,  I'm not getting all this out.
  It's not it's going to get cut down.
  And they're like, no, no, no, we learn all of it.
  So I learned this entire monologue.
  And then we got there and they were like, this isn't 30 seconds.
  So we want to cut out this line and then four lines down this line  and then two lines down this line.
  And I was like, oh, shit, I learned the whole thing.
  Yeah, that's not really how it works.
  And that's your life.
 I was awful.
  So sometimes even even the best intentions are people.
  They're like, oh, you know what? Never.
  Well, and there's the assumption that actors or maybe I don't know.
  Is it like at its base is the assumption that acting is easy?  Sure.
 Like they'll be able to do that.
 No problem.
  Like there's no adjustment and there's no amount of like throwing people.
  There's a lot that's easy, but not necessarily like taking like  16 lines and then taking out three strategic lines  with oral words here and there and then having it perfect after that.
  Like that's a different skill.
  I mean, I've shown up to sets and they've been like,  we're we're going to walk you to set.
  Here's your lines, by the way.
  And that's because it's two lines.
  It's like, oh, this is 10 to 15 seconds long.
  This shot or like the whole commercial or short or whatever.
  And it's like, yeah, occasionally they forget like, oh, yeah,  I guess we do need to tell you what your lines are.
  But it's like for 20 seconds, you can learn that real quick.
  You know, you can learn like, you know, for commercials,  leave Spider-Man alone.
  You know, I wish I got to be at least by that.
  You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us.
  I could know that on the day.
  You could tell me that's with New York City, pal.
 You know? Yeah.
  We would know we would have been perfect as those New Yorkers.
  I hope, by the way, I hope with this new Spider-Man,  they bring the New Yorkers back if they're bringing all the old Spider-Man back.
  Oh, from the train? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, no, from the bridge from the first spider.
  Oh, the first one.
 Oh, yeah.
  I thought you meant where they're like, they're in trash at the Green Goblin.
  And they go, you mess with one of us, you mess with all of us.
  I want those guys.
 New Yorkers.
  Is that what they're saying? Yes.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, they go.
 It's powerful.
  So I hope those they're back when the when we have this live action  Spider-Verse.
  But yeah, like this is I have the script in front of me and he has to remember  this is like, you know, two minutes in.
  Not such a good feeling.
  But hang in there, because we're going to do the test one more time this time  with the ABS or anti-lock brakes.
  Like how are you like after a bunch of environmental tests?  Put up two, five and seven and corrosive condition.
  Like it's all such it's massive blocks.
  It's such a jargon.
  But he's getting through it like it's just all they need to do is get it once.
  But it takes all day to do that.
  And they get slot all day to do it.
  But at the end, he feels like a champion, like a true champion.
  Like that is one of the greatest acting challenges I've ever faced.
  And we did it and we pulled it off.
  And I, you know, a Disney, that's cool.
  I want Disney to be happy.
  About a year goes by and he gets a call from his agent saying, hey,  so the Disney job, they need you to go in and plug in a couple of parts of this.
  And lately do some ADR additional dialogue recording.
  And he says, OK, so just like we're just going to pick up a couple of lines.
  Yeah, that sounds fine.
  And he goes into a studio and he sits down with the script and he asks him,  like, all right, so what are we picking up here?  And they're like, all of it.
  I'm sorry, all of it.
  Yeah, there was a sound problem when we were recording.
  So we need to redo the entire thing.
  So now he is at a completely different juncture of difficult acting.
  Again, what you said about picking up a couple of lines or two, or you can fake it.
  ADR is tough.
  It's like, you know, because you're watching and trying to dub over yourself  and hit the right timing.
  And it's got to be exactly that amount of time.
  But imagine doing that with paragraph after paragraph of car jargon.
  Like that's one of the most complex ADR jobs that has ever existed.
  So again, he's got a long, exhaustive day ironing through it, ironing through it.
  Damn it.
 Shit.
 Start again.
  That's why I that's why I said because I knew that part was coming.
  And that's why I was like, maybe it wasn't like the most professional crew.
  I mean, that's crazy.
  There's no usable audio from the set of something that is entirely a guy talking.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So it does seem like this attraction was a little cursed  with how much went wrong building the first version.
  I guess so.
 Yes.
  You would think the only like we would be enough for experimental ride vehicles  to have major.
  But the boom mic was too much.
  Apparently, in the direction of this, you know, with the General Motors Corporation,  I know for sure has shelves and shelves of footage of stock  stock footage of car parts working like anti-lock brakes, like braking,  you know, cars screeching to a stop.
  Yeah, I'm saying like, yeah, you can easily like fix that.
  Like I this is how I would fix it if I was like editing or directing.
  It's like, OK, we'll use the best stuff.
  Because again, that is insane.
  Like it's it's already hard enough to go like, OK, we're going to play you  what you said, try to say it in the cadence, in the time you said it.
  So we can try to sync it with your mouth so it looks a little natural.
  Four minutes of that is that's wild.
  How would that be the plan to begin with?  You may as well just reshoot it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, I know.
  Like, why not?  Well, how are they ever going to get like an office going again?  Five polo shirts.
 Yeah, that's impossible.
  How would it happen?  So, I mean, I always liked this video and I liked him in it.
  I was always a fan of him even before meeting him.
  I've met him and he's such a great guy.
  I like truly like if you watch a video of this, go back and realize  it was a long unbroken takes and dubbed over.
  This is an act, a true acting feat by John Michael Higgins,  topped only by his appearance in the late shift.
  Great performer.
  And yeah, I yeah, it's a lot of levels to appreciate it.
  That is so stressful.
  Oh, and also, oh, also, like this is before we're doing the podcast.
  But I, you know, I like  theme park obsessive, obviously.
  So I do remember telling him, like, yeah, I've watched that thing.
  There's cuts like they do still do cut.
  They cut to like people getting into the car.
  It's deep into it.
  But I was like, I hate to tell you this.
  They for sure still did cuts.
  And he said, I wouldn't know.
 I've never been.
  He never made it.
  So and this thing retired on this podcast.
  They told him, oh, it's not you anymore.
  And he was like, oh, really? He didn't know.
  There is still a presence of him, weirdly, in the parks, though,  and in a similar ride, because I didn't realize.
  I don't think I've ever thought about who this is.
  When you're heading to Radiator Springs Racers, there's a statue of an old car.
  And that is apparently the founder of Radiator Springs.
  Stanley Stanley.
 Yeah.
  And that character is voiced in one short by John Michael.
  Wow.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
  And did he know? Does he know that?  Well, I learned that from hearing him say that on this.
  OK, so he does know that he does.
  And he's been on that.
 Maybe.
  Maybe not.
 Maybe.
  Could be no.
 I love and I don't mean I don't say this facetiously.
  I like when anyone does something for like a nerdy thing.
  I like and has no like love for it.
  I like that.
 Investment.
  And I know it's cool.
 It's really it is like a cool move.
  And I don't mean that I'm not being facetious, like an actor is in a superhero  movie or comic book movie.
  And they're just like, yeah, I don't know what.
  And like they don't know answers to questions about the character.
  I showed up.
 I whatever.
 I like it.
  I don't know why.
  I remember hearing an interview once with the guy who did the music.
  This is much more specific and in our realm.
  He did the music for Marvel Superhero Island.
  Oh, yeah.
 You talk about this.
  90s Marvel music.
  I think the podcast I'm not.
  I think it's the unofficial Universal Orlando podcast.
  I'm not sure if they're still going, but they had an interview with him  and he was explaining, you know, how complicated it was at the time.
  It was like all this stuff on mini discs and all.
  And he was like, I'm glad people like it.
  I really should get down there sometimes.
  My kids are getting older.
 Yeah, I think they'd like that park.
  I think they'd like I really should get down there and see it.
  And I just thought that was so funny because I'm like, man, you're me.
  Yeah, it's everywhere.
  The music, the rock, it's everywhere in that part of the park.
  Yeah.
 Well, and God knows if I was ever part of a theme park attraction,  I would be down there so desperately.
  I would be outside telling people about it.
  I would be like, you know, it's me in there.
  Like it would be the smallest role.
  It wouldn't matter.
 And I would be yes, I would be so embarrassing,  shamelessly telling people that I have something to do with it.
  Yeah, for sure.
  If I was at the, you know, like if I got to be,  I don't know, an astronaut in the last two days of an electronic store  being open, I would probably go in there in a costume,  make a bunch of people come to and clap for me.
  That is probably what I would how I would.
  Sure.
 Yeah, I guess that makes sense.
  So anyway, so that that means maybe some of my fondness for this  attraction is that video.
  I do remember that being part of a really good cluster where they were using  really great character actors like Wallace Langham and Dinosaur.
  I like John Michael Higgins in this.
  And of course, Patrick Warburton in Soren.
  There's just like a neat quality to those things at that time,  even if they were kind of like aesthetic free.
  And this and I do like the video.
  I like the part that I said where, you know, there's the sly nod about that test,  even though it doesn't pay off the way you want it to.
 Right.
  And I like when she gets he also gives her a little, you know, is his assistant.
  You know, she gets a little free rein to pick a test and then she pulls one up  and he keeps talking and then a big crash happens.
  And that and then they don't even acknowledge it.
  Like we're going to give we're going to give you a test that might  crash you like a crash test dummy.
  And and and that gets a big laugh.
  I remember like, yeah, I watched videos where that that part gets.
  I'm you're right.
 I am discounting that 90s intro videoness of it.
  That is yes, there's the there's that specific era.
  Whimsy, it's not what I'm I'm talking about that like.
  Or I was talking about before, like it being like that, like  there's a coziness to what we're doing.
  That's John Denver ask.
  Listen to the land.
 Sure.
 Yeah, sure, sure.
  But this is a different.
 Yeah.
  So there is some fun 90s nostalgia of just that vibe of wonder.
  If that's what you're describing.
  Yes, there you go.
  There's nothing that I think.
  But that's been that's gone from like all media, I think,  by this time and replaced by just like rocks like that.
  Sure is the that is what happened in the late 90s.
  Yeah.
 I mean, obviously, like Tower of Terror has like some spooky wonder.
  And then, yeah, rock and roller coaster is not doesn't have any wonder in it.
  But yeah, it's extremely industrial.
  And while I like that video section, I remember thinking that the line is  unpleasant, I have a recollection of like because in that queue  you're with a bunch of test gear and there's like  not sirens going off, but I guess sirens, not audibly, but like,  you know, lights flashing and and a bunch of tape everywhere.
  I realize the vibe of it.
  That queue is like a Home Depot.
  You're in just a big open like it's not you're not there for aesthetics.
  It's you go there to get stuff done.
  And a lot of it is orange.
  A lot of it is orange.
 Yeah.
  No, that's yeah, you're completely right.
  That line is a Home Depot.
  And I also remember a part I remember getting stuck in the line.
  Maybe there was a breakdown that I had to wait through the first time I did it.
  And I remember there was some test dummy or something that just kept getting  hit over and over again by a giant weight or a giant cinder block.
  Yeah, I remember that.
 OK, so I'm not making that up.
  And if you're stuck there for a while, boy, oh, boy, is that a grating  sound to hear over and over again.
  Somebody getting pummeled, dummy getting pummeled.
 Yeah.
  Well, I'll tell you, I talking about getting stuck at places.
  I was always definitely afraid  here and at Hershey's Chocolate World at the Chocolate World ride.
  There is like an oven.
  There's a heating section of that and there's a heat lamp section of test track ride.
  And I think maybe like an aunt or an uncle told a story about, oh,  we broke down the heat and I was just like, oh, thank God you survived.
  And like, I was just so scared of getting stuck there.
  Fake heat lamp.
 You thought people get stuck there and melt, get cooked.
 Yeah.
  That's fine.
  Even in Chocolate World, though, you were worried about that.
  I mean, I think you get mildly uncomfortable.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That works.
 You get mildly uncomfortable.
  But like every now and then is like a kid like too smart for his own good.
  I would like work myself into like, oh God, what if we get stuck here?  We're screwed.
 We're fucked.
 The red lights.
  The red lights, the gentle red lights.
  I mean, if you were stuck for eight hours, yeah, maybe.
  Yeah, that would be too much.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You might have cast members  just standing out.
 We're so we're sorry.
  There's nothing we can do.
  This is the one spot we can't evacuate.
  Track.
 You knew what you were getting into.
  Oh, man.
 Yeah.
  So the ride itself, let's talk about a little bit.
  You go through various tests.
  We have a favorite test.
  Oh, that's a good question.
  Then you thought they pulled off well.
  I mean, as a kid, I like that braking test.
  Mm hmm.
 Because it's fast.
  I mean, it scared me, though.
  It definitely.
 Yeah.
  The ride is a kid I was a little scared of until the.
  I mean, yeah, I hate.
  I mean, there's nothing worse than swerving in a car or like fish tailing in a car.
  So like to be able to do it in a controlled environment is a little  sure.
 Or do that.
  Drift.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That's that's an interesting little simulation.
  It feels pretty crazy.
  Like and again, that educational part, it's pretty dry.
  And I read the point that  anti-lock brakes became not like an uncommon feature.
  So why are we pointing this out all day every day? Right.
  This is just what cars have now.
  But I guess I didn't realize that they didn't have them.
  And truly, if that's what would happen to you in a skidding situation,  it's sort of an interesting.
  It is interesting in hindsight, but as yes, as I did not know  what the difference in brakes were.
  I mean, can I what the explanation when?  OK, here, let's sound stupid again.
  Anti-lock brakes are.
 Oh, you know.
  So I do know this because when I did drivers ed in high school  and again, I was like Mike, I was late getting my license.
  So there was the driving portion of drivers ed.
  And then there was like the classroom portion of drivers ed.
  And the videos and handouts still a little out of date.
  And so all of the handouts were like, don't slam on your brakes.
  They will lock up and not work.
  Doesn't apply in the year 2002, 2003, if you were driving a car made  within the last 10 years of that, because, yeah, anti-lock brakes  became standard and you can slam on the brakes.
  And so but but before you would have to pump the brakes,  you didn't want to slam on the brakes.
  Right.
 The difference is you have to like, yes, as you're saying, pump  to get it to stop versus just, yes, one big movement would be to just slam.
  Right.
 Yeah, that would be bad.
  The same the same class.
  We had the final exam.
  We're like, hey, there's like 10 questions about car insurance.
  And we didn't have a car insurance sector chapter.
  And they're like, oh, yeah, just leave that blank.
  I want to know what the car insurance is.
  Oh, yeah, just leave that blank.
  I'll make sure to cross it out.
  And I was like, why are we why are we doing that?  What is this? What are we doing here?  I think one of the driest things, admittedly, in any attraction is  the John Michael Higgins technician, Bill McKim approving  going through what kind of blocks that you want to use.
  Let's go with the German and the Belgian.
  And I thought, what is that about?  And I guess what it is is that I guess Belgian blocks,  this is a real test that they did that, however, the streets were paved  in Belgium in World War two, tore up the tank treads  so hard that they got the reputation for being the worst  blocks, the worst blocks you build a street with.
  So this was a test that they ran at this facility in the 70s.
  And the but like, what a boy, that's a leap.
  Who who's in there knowing about Belgian block?  I think cut to like one grandfather who lay, I'll never forget the Belgian blocks.
  They blew out my treads.
 I was captured.
  That was a little something.
  That guy is a prisoner.
  Just come off the beaches at Normandy and little something for Grandpa.
  Although that might have been like he would have might have been like  not like that because it reminded him.
  No, no, no.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It was bad.
 He gets off the ride screaming.
  This is also like car culture.
  I mean, car magazines fixing up like.
  That could be a just a term that could be like plus it up.
  That could be an industry term.
  And there's like, you know, gearheads listening to this going like,  of course, I know what a goddamn Belgian block is.
  How many cars? Stupid.
  I was going to say, how many car heads are listening to podcasts?  The ride.
 I bet there's some cross.
  I mean, there has to be some.
  I would assume, but maybe I'm wrong.
  And well, we've lost them all today.
  They're mad, very mad at us.
  Yep.
 They're out forever.
  They might have liked every other episode, but this episode.
  Oh, my goodness.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Boys, these knuckleheads get to talk on a microphone like they know something.
  These dweebs.
  They wouldn't be wrong.
 We've gotten a lot wrong.
  You know, then you start going through like the the the painted hills,  the very like plywood, your face.
  And this is where, you know, that and the  you're watching a ride through of the original one was.
  And we're weaving in and out of like, yeah,  plywood painted green and we're going through these little rooms.
  It's a heat test and a cold test.
  And you're just going, well, this is like escaping from the tractor,  but not as good in radiator space.
  This is like they go to the paint or the tire room, but not as good.
  And unfortunately, that just is where it's at.
  This is like a big example of a ride that got the top.
  It just like in it and there wouldn't be radio springs racers without it.
  Yeah, we we think this ride, we bless this ride.
  But it's like almost impossible at this point to to watch it  and not just think, well, I'd rather be thinking about the other one.
  Well, in the second generation of this technology, which I haven't seen,  the journey to the center of the earth ride and it is journey  to the center of the earth.
  The my my favorite attraction in Tokyo, Disney Sea.
  I mean, like that's another that's applying the same technology  in this unreal, magical.
 Yeah.
  I'd say more thrilling, more beautiful.
  For sure.
 Yeah.
 Years later, is that still in two?  Right.
 I believe now you do take this now that that as I do still like test track.
  And if you think about this type of attraction, like this slot  car variety and the rides that use it  or radiator springs, journey to the center of the earth and test track, that's  that's a pretty all star group.
  Yeah.
 Attractions for sure.
  And I guess that's really maybe what I was getting at when I was being so negative  at the start, where I was like back in the old days, I would have said, wow,  this is great.
 But now my interest is weighing so severely.
  But I guess it is because there's just a much better version of it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that includes the the end, the speed run.
  It is, yes, I think, undeniably better in radiator springs.
  Now, it's not as fast.
  I was curious about that.
  Radiator Springs only gets up to 40, 40.
  Yeah.
 And this gets right at the cusp of 65.
  So there's more thrill to it in that final run, which is where you're  you're on the outside of that.
  You kind of leave the park and go back in the park and right at the end there,  kind of where you're passing by the people getting in line.
  It really creates like I remember liking that too.
  You're intimidated getting on it because you walk on.
  Oh, yeah.
 So now it rattles like crazy.
  It feels like that thing's coming apart every time the car goes.
  I don't remember if it was rattling back in the old days or that just because it's  because it's older now.
  But yes, now it feels like, oh, there is an effect I like.
  And I really notice it in the second version.
  I couldn't can't remember who was in the first version or not.
  But as they're like,  uh, you're about to sort of launch like the doors open,  like it seemingly at the very last minute as you're on that speed run.
  And in the video I watched, I don't think I've ever tried this, but the the  I think it was Attractions 360 had posted this video.
  They were writing it as at like Twilight when the sky is very blue.
  And it almost like complements  the inside of like the the neon blue grid.
  And then as you are really hitting the speed, like the footage,  the blue and orange lights outside, they all start to blur a little.
  And I was like, oh, this looks pretty cool.
  Like it it it looks a lot more of a piece of the indoor section  than as if you were riding it at like noon in the Orlando sun.
  You know what I mean?  Yeah, that is weird.
  Like the test track one point, oh, then you like  you're in this ride building and that's all industrial.
  And then you're like in a parking lot was less weird.
  It's kind of similar.
 Right.
  But now that you're in magical Tron worlds going through laser mountains.
  Yeah.
 Like then you're just in a parking lot.
  It is odd.
 So maybe it is maybe.
  Yeah, maybe night or twilight is the optimal.
  Yeah, like a gray overcast Orlando afternoon.
  It's like not quite the thrilling setting for the finale.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 In the newer version, there's a lot of like the Easter eggs  that theme park fans like there's a reference to wed.
  There's a nod to cars.
  There is a couple of nods to World of Motion.
  Oh, really? So the the newer version since the end of 2012.
  I mean, how do you guys feel about like the the general aesthetic,  general design, because I think at best it does kind of look like a cool  like, you know, Tron sort of glowing.
  And at worst, it kind of looks like a win amp skin.
  Like it looks like a zoom.
  You know, you're right.
  So when things are flowing, when it's just like, yeah, trippy shapes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, you're totally right.
  But also when I look at modern video games, I'm like, oh, still doing this.
  Huh? Still doing this for for like start screens and like all of that.
  Sure.
 Still still sticking with this, huh?  Well, yeah, as I said before, like I like cosmic bowling,  the cosmic bowling aesthetic.
  But yeah, it doesn't feel like when you watch those videos of Tron  where it feels like a purpose, like it's neon for a reason.
  It feels like it's just like, oh, yeah, it looks connected.
  Like, yeah, why do these things go together? Right.
  And it's the whole yeah, the whole new narrative with the different rides.
  And we'll talk about that with different cars, excuse me, that you can build.
  Like, it kind of makes sense, but it doesn't feel so right on the money.
  It feels a little bit more like just it's a cooler atmosphere.
  But we just kind of slapped some neon here.
  The big shift that happened is that in the first version,  you're essentially a crash test dummy.
  A test is happening to you.
  What's that going to be like?  Now you are designing a car, a same car to go on the same track on the same track.
  Now entering the sim track.
 Yeah.
  So you're yeah, you're you're basically like going to do your own test  of an experimental car.
  You help design that you help design in a way.
  And you tap your magic band or your ticket.
  And then it like after you design it and then you tap it when you get in the car  and then you can see your results at the end.
  I think a thing I do like in this.
  And there's a few different  like YouTube channels or game channels where they do stuff like this  is you can design some truly horrific cars, like very small body, very big wheels.
  The Homer vice versa.
 Yeah.
  Yes, you're right.
  You can you can really as a kid, I would have gone nuts for that.
  I would have loved this part of it because it is fun to make  the craziest looking car with like different colors and yeah,  something that would not be practical on the road is.
  How does this play out in the attraction, though?  Like the car that you design, because you're sharing the car  still with five other people.
  Some stats, I think you see different times.
  Yeah, but it's it's nothing.
  It's look, they had it.
 I was worried of it.
 It's nothing.
  I mean, as a kid, it would have been like, whoa, you get to design your own car  and then you get to ride in it.
 And that's not what's happening.
  It's the exact same ride.
  Nothing changes.
  And they obviously like they would have to do a lot to the ride to make it.
  I don't.
 Yeah.
 As you're saying, everybody has their own car.
  So it would be very hard to do it unless everybody collectively designed a car.
  But yeah, you're just learning at the end  how well that car would have done on the track that you just rode on.
  So it's like nothing about that affects your actual ride.
  It's literally just you do a cool thing at the start  and then at the end, you get like numbers that would have like  how your car would have responded.
 OK.
  So it's it's not again, as a kid, I would have liked it.
  But as a kid, when you design your own car and then you get in the car,  you would be like, oh, it's going to do something.
  I affected it somehow.
  And I'm sure if they were building it from the ground up, that's what they would do.
  But they were just trying to come up with a cool  a narrative that made sense in like this new cyber world.
  And then just trying to come up with another element to it  that makes it seem fun and interactive.
  Yeah.
 In the 2010s and late 2000, late aughts,  you know, I think this is when you started to see more like people  talking about like gamification in theme park rides.
  And there's some stuff that where it's like directly in the ride,  like Men in Black or more recently, Web Slingers.
  And then there's like, all right, we're going to try to put  game stuff in the queues like we're going to make them interactive.
  And that'll keep people entertained before they wait on the ride  and stop them from looking at their phones.
  And then a shift happened very quickly where they're like,  we're putting in an app, not building anything else in the queue.
  Well, look, now we want them to look at their phone.
  Look at your phones now, because you're going to have to do that for food  reservations, fast, fast reservations, magic, you know.
 Yeah.
  So that was the other philosophy.
  And I think there's probably something to the idea of like,  maybe say you all got around like the whole car gathered around a console  and everybody got to choose an element of the ride or something fun  that it could do or it could spin around or something.
  And then you could each sort of influence the actual journey.
  I think that would actually feel more.
  I don't know exactly how you would do it, but then that would feel like different  and feel like you actually affected the ride.
  And I'm sure they would do that if they were building from the ground up.
  But it's sort of.
 Yeah, they had to just mod out what was.
  Yeah, they just had to do a little extra thing because obviously like spaceship  Earth, they added the whole jib jab sequence.
  And is that really related to the ride?  Is age better than jib jab?  It certainly has age better than jib jab spaceship Earth.
  That's a weird thing, too.
  So strange to get into that.
  Yes.
 And especially like it was your floating, like backwards down spaceship  Earth, and it's kind of like peaceful and magical.
  And you're like, we would have had like your greeting card,  your greeting card version and yourself living in the Jetsons house.
  You're like, what is this?  Looks like like Lisa at the caricature artist off your head horribly.
  Yeah.
 Like I have six black spots in my face.
  Oh, yeah.
 Your forehead is pitch black.
  The other is totally washed out from the flash.
  And it's fun to see the worst photo of you ever taken.
 Right.
  I've never looked worse than this.
  Yeah.
 The future is bright.
  They shot it on a Gameboy camera.
  Look, this would have been replaced by the spirit of storytelling or whatever.
  But unfortunately, COVID.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
  We've got rid of it.
  Saved jib jab.
  Yeah.
 We got like 12 more years of it at least.
  Yeah.
 You know what I like are the way that the mountains are rendered.
  I really it's that like vapor wave.
  Yeah, no, I agree.
  And you see like a lightning strike on those.
  And they know and kind of a weird retro future city.
  I know I did all that.
  I like there's no I think you're right, Jason.
  You're correct.
  That some of some of it is just trippy lights and it's a little lazy.
  But when they get the aesthetic right, it's really cool  and more aesthetically pleasing, obviously, than what was there before,  which was, you know, drawers and desks.
  It's like, you see, they're restricted by still.
  I think they were still restricted by the mission statement of Epcot  at the time, because if I was pitching on it, I would have been like,  let's just add some like characters.
  Let's let's say like Johnny Neon, who's trying to make the big race at the end.
  Like he's trying to win his girl back at the big race or something.
  But you can't do that.
  It's still got to kind of be like learning, at least at this point.
  Now, I guess it doesn't have to be.
  Maybe if they were redoing it now, they would they would just  Cruella is racing through something and it doesn't matter.
  Cruella overlay.
 Yeah.
 Within the year.
 Yeah.
  Well, I mean, it's a miracle that GM is stuck with this pavilion  for as long as they have when so many others have like jump ship.
  And it has worked  in the way the original like Epcot, you know, it's like, well,  we're going to get sponsors to help cover the cost of these pavilions.
  And then they will help us upgrade them every so often.
  And GM kind of has.
  Well, yeah, it happened.
  The thing that never happened.
  It happened.
 They actually put more money in.
  That's true.
  Mike, you did mention like getting some characters in there.
  And in merchandising, they did get some characters in there.
  I'm of course talking about crash test dummy Goofy.
  Right.
 And so this is a more pleasant version of him.
  But at one point in time, they were also showing Scott,  because you mentioned it, the eyes  Goofy crash test dummy Goofy with the circular  yellow and black crash test eyes.
  Real scary.
 Really disturbing.
  Industrial sticker eyes.
  Yeah, is he dead?  He's I did they put those over his eyes because like they were shot out?  This seems like something that came from the twisted mind of Mr.
 Banksy.
  Oh, yeah.
 Is that from Dismaland?  Is that true?  Theme parks plus like caution tape equals Dismaland.
  Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  That's from the twisted, twisted mind.
  I was thinking, Scott, if you had still some of from the Comic-Con installation,  how would you overlay a moonbeam city on to this test?  Oh, boy.
 Well, that's just I was thinking that's that was my  that was my biggest fuck up with the show is not having a mountain range.
  That was like, oh, right.
  You leave the city.
  It just looks like that just becomes a laser grid.
  You could change it to being a cityscape.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But that cityscape, that's pretty right.
  I think I wasn't even aware they were doing this when we were making the show.
  Well, we're recording this next to my garage, where I have every element of.
  Oh, you saw all of it.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 I have every every part of it.
  No, send that back to me, please.
  Thank you.
 If you don't know what we're talking about at Comic-Con 2014.
  There was a Jesus.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Long time ago.
  There was a small laser tag activation of my show, Moonbeam City.
  And I got to essentially have a themed experience for two,  wonderful days.
  And I have all of it, every bit of black light.
  The car we can put it back up.
  I what's yeah, no, that's true.
  Yeah, we could just do it.
 Do it for fans.
  Well, you know, we talked about it.
  I don't know if I'm leaking another idea of mine here, but  eventually doing like some sort of horror, like maze Halloween maze.
  But maybe part of it.
  You know, this has been a long episode, but there's something I want to say about  that, that element.
  I'll bring it in quick at the end here.
  Sure, sure.
  But yeah, what do you do?  Well, there were, you know, we did have cars.
  I forget, you know, dazzled Novak's car.
  I forget what it was.
  I know that Rad, the Wolf Forte character drove a car called the Girth 150.
  So if there was a way it was a car, it was a big hummer that had  I think I was like, it should have not just truck nuts, it's like seven.
  And they should be not symmetrical.
  They're just like all over.
  It's they aren't lined up nicely.
  It's kind of like a couple over there and these are too close together.
  So, you know, yeah, it'd be a movie city experience if it was a race between  the Girth 150 and the glitter.
  Is it like the the glitter, the glitter?  I don't even how do I not know this about my own thing?  Glimmer was in it.
  God damn, what was it?  But, you know, if it's yeah, you're in Red's Girth 150 and that's great.
  That's what could have happened if the show ran for 10 years and was  Disney purchased Viacom, which they would have, I think, to get after that sweet  movie city property so that they could do this overlay.
  Sure.
 Yeah, would have been a whole other world.
  Right.
 So, wow.
  So I do.
 Yeah.
 Hey, look, it it has an aesthetic that I really, really love.
  And it is a step towards.
  It's the thing we talk about with Tomorrowland all the time.
  Lasers are always the future.
  Neon is always the future.
  Don't overthink it.
  They figured out with the Tron coaster and with this.
  And there's it's kind of a lazy iteration of it in some regards.
  But like more aesthetically pleasing than it was.
  I do miss Bill McKim.
  If there was like a hologram of Bill McKim  or if you had to rescue Bill McKim in a Tron type fashion,  he's stuck in the Sim track.
  I would like that.
  Yeah, I think there's a way.
  I think there's some sort of overlay, actually, that takes this thing to another level.
  I do think that I'm I don't I know it's controversial.
  Mission space.
 Bye bye.
  As far as I'm concerned, get rid of it.
  And I've seen some people really reject that ideally.
  But no, I don't don't like it.
 I do not like it.
  But you have a test track.
  I feel like there's something to do.
 You can do something with it.
  I think you have one more.
  I think there's one more.
  There's like a final form.
  You make them squeal a little less.
  Yeah, maybe it involves some changing of the track outside.
  And it's adding some things.
  Robo, I don't know, something to outside.
  But I bet there's something final form for test track  that could take it to the level I'm looking for.
  I'm sure Sean Legacy had been a big hit.
  They may have tried like going.
  Yeah, maybe.
  But they also have the limitation of like, well, GM wants to  Chevrolet wants to show off their nice.
  Well, that's true.
 Maybe you got to kick Chevrolet.
  Maybe you got to kick them out.
  Maybe you have no sponsor.
  Take it purely into the realm of fantasy.
  Can you just put the cars in there? Is that OK?  Maybe put the cars in.
  I've got so well.
  I don't know.
  It's all of their it's like the future of cars world.
  It's like all of their Jetsons.
  You know, it's Mater 5000.
  Oh, yes.
 But he looks like shit still.
  But like chrome that now he's rusty chrome.
  OK, that's good.
 Yeah.
  And he's got like some like future sunglasses on.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  Like the cars.
  Lightning McQueen, the 12th.
  It's all of their ancestors.
  Laser laser McQueen.
  Kachil future.
  You would have to say something similar, but like futurey.
  Kachowatron.
 Kachowatron.
  Yeah.
 So that's yes.
  You're right.
 The cars is the answer.
  Yeah.
 Just put the cars on cars.
  Cars 5000 cars.
  Five thousand.
 Like that's oh, that's cool.
  It's like kind of the future of cars.
  Wow.
 That's neat.
  Yeah.
 And it's just it's the exact same track.
  You don't even do anything to it.
  It's just full of animatronic cars wearing future sunglasses  and like future, like a silver jumpsuit stuff.
  Like they're all wearing like all the same models.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Slow down.
 You're not cyber racing yet.
  Yeah.
 Perfect.
 Perfect.
  This is easy.
 This is drag and drop.
  That's done in an hour.
  Yeah.
 And then they're playing tequila when they're souping you up.
  But it's like got a beat.
  It's like a techno version or what another not playing tequila.
  They're playing.
 What are they playing?  What song am I thinking of?  They're playing the wars.
  It's a.
  Oh, low rider.
 Low rider.
  Sorry.
 Why did I think it was tequila?  Do not.
 That's too fun.
  That's not the right song.
  Yeah, it's low rider.
  Yeah.
 Laser rider.
  It's it's yeah.
 Just replace that with pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
  It's laser sounds.
  Yeah.
 Perfect.
 All right.
  Yeah, it's done.
  Throw the cars in there.
 It's the future of the cars.
  I think we cracked it.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Survive podcast, the ride is correct.
  Test track edition.
  And just before the plugs, what you just said about,  I think us doing some sort of themed activation.
  I do feel inspired.
  I feel like the game has been upped by something that I just came from this weekend.
  I came out to keep this quick.
  I came from the event Bug Con.
  If you know Bug Main, if you know Bugsy, the gangster,  imagine an event where you could swim in the aesthetics of Bug Main  and Bugsy, if you the people out there, however you feel about Bugsy on our show,  imagine just like living in Bugsy for two straight days.
  And that's what this is.
  There are some listeners, I think, who went to who went to Bug Con  and who I met at Bug Con.
  There was an experience that was there briefly and I tweeted about it.
  It was called the Tomorrow War Operation Rescue.
  And it this was everything you want out of a themed experience.
  It expanded the world of the film.
  It imagined a scenario where Cohen, the character played by Mike Mitchell,  has guessed the show, where he his spoiler alert.
  Things don't work out so well for Cohen.
  But in the attraction Operation Rescue, what if it went a little differently?  And what if after you yourself do battle with the white spikes,  you have to face the white spikes with laser guns  and then you round you round a corner and there is Cowan himself.
  And I'm still not even sure how they did this.
  Was it an animatronic?  Was it a very realistic wax figure whose mouth moved?  Was it Mitch being made to humiliate himself for three straight hours  and stand and act like a robot over and over again?  As group after group went by?  It's hard to say.
  But I feel like I got to it.
  I witnessed a very spirited themed attraction.
  I couldn't believe how well they pulled it.
  It was like it was so scrabby.
  It didn't even come together in the morning.
  And then and then by two, it was thrilling.
  Everyone people were making the jump to the future to 2050 Miami.
  And it was the hit of BugCon.
  And it made me think maybe there is some PTR themed attraction.
  Maybe it's not outside of the realm of possibility.
  Yes, I think we could do if they could do it.
  I think credit to I believe Jack Allison and Charles Ingram pulled this together.
  True imagine aspiring imagineers.
  They should send a video to Imagineering, get hired.
  But that's great.
  This was very quality.
  So I'm so amped from that.
  And I want to say one more thing, because I have this right here.
  I met some listeners to the show and I think I think I'm going to fuck up their names.
  I know one is Kyler and the other is is it Emmy?  Is it Ellie? Is it Effie?  It's a name like that.
  And I might not have gotten it still.
  And I'm so sorry.
  And I owe you better than that because I got the best listener gift that I've ever received.
  And this is not anything that I expect from the audience of the show.
  The audience is great.
 You don't need to bring us things.
  But I couldn't not mention it even in a long episode.
  Gentlemen, look what is in my possession now.
  And I go, wait, this is a by your computer with light lighted up.
  Up a little boy.
 Do you recognize it?  Oh, I do.
 The Peach Boys.
  This is a sign that says the Peach Boys.
  And from the aforementioned, the fries experience that I talked about in this episode a long time ago,  I talked about fries electronics and now they had a smoothie stand with only two themed options for their smoothies.
  And one of them is the Peach Boys.
  So I have the like the slat from the Sacramento fries.
  This was really there.
  This is from fries in Sacramento.
  They went to like a liquidation thing and got this.
  And I think there was another smoothie that they were fond of and they got their tab.
  And then they said, you know what?  We should bring this one, the Peach Boys back to Scott Gardner.
  If we ever run into Scott Gardner.
  And they did.
 They did it at BugCon.
  I was so moved.
  And the best part, it is actually a magnet so I can put this up on my fridge as I have.
  They also got me a Charlie Chip Pin, the famous mascot of fries electronics.
  I mean, this has given me such joy.
  Every time I've seen it, I've only been with it for not even 48 hours.
  I'm still getting used to being with the Peach Boys, the Sacramento smoothie sign.
  So thank you guys so much.
  I'm sorry I fucked up your names.
  Yeah, so thrilled.
  Thank you guys so much.
  That's great.
  So all right.
  All that is a little postscript.
  Thanks so much for listening.
  You know, visit BugCon 2022 and friends for us.
  Check us out on all the socials, MerchantRT, Public Store and three bonus episodes every month.
  The podcast are at the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  What else? That's a lot.
  Oh, yeah, that's a lot.
  You know, I'm just, you know, I'm just going to everybody dream of peach,  banana, pineapple juice and apple juice ingredients of a delicious peach boys.
  Done, says Jason.
 Yeah, it sounds great.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
