 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains less scrutinized muppets, begrudging fake meat preparation,  and discussion of two very important streets, Sesame and Gilman Street, the place where Green  Day started out.
  All this plus turmoil erupts as one of the hosts gets a new backpack.
  It's Sesame Place with Evan Susser on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a theme park podcast where four grown men talking about  Sesame Street is somehow less strange than their normal topics of conversation.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Jason Yeah, I mean, we've got two parents here.
  Mike Right, it's normal.
  What we're going to be saying today, the topics are normal today.
  Jason It is normal.
  I'm feeling very normal.
  Like, Sesame Street is one of the pieces of media that I have no qualms with.
  It's untouchable kind of.
  Mike It's perfect.
  And you still called it Streep.
  Jason I know, Sesame Street.
  Besides that, you feel perfectly normal.
  Mike Well, look, I'm a little out of sorts, you know, I had to run home, I forgot the  microphone, I got a new backpack, I had not transferred the new backpack.
  Jason Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, what all that explains it.
  New backpack.
  Jason I hadn't transferred.
  Mike I mean, we shouldn't have even asked you to record.
  Jason I hadn't transferred the bag, the podcast bag, into the new backpack yet.
  Mike Voices of Scott Gardner giving Jason grief already before the introduction.
  Jason Not, no, what do you mean?  Once you explain it was a new backpack, it changed everything.
  Jason Good vibes of Sesame Street.
  Jason I am excited about the new backpack.
  I'd like to send our guest home and address the backpack for the rest of the episode,  but that would be extra rude.
  So I wouldn't, I won't do that.
  Jason It's up to, we'll bring him in on the backpack conversation.
  Jason Is, but Sesame Streep is interesting.
  Is it a Meryl Streep, like, based Sesame Street?  Jason The Precede?  Jason It's not a Streep on the brain.
  Jason Is it, does Topsy show up on Sesame Street?  Is that what it is?  Jason Well, you know.
  Jason Topsy from Mary Poppins Returns, one of our favorite characters in fiction?  I don't know.
  Let's bring our guest in.
  He might know a little bit more about what we're talking about.
  You know him from Doughboys.
  He's the commissioner.
  He's a podcast rascal, I would say.
  Evan Susser is here, ladies and gentlemen.
  Returning to the podcast.
  Evan Happy to be here.
  Did you not introduce Scott?  Jason Yeah, he was got it.
  I was sort of mumbling when I was like, I started talking.
  Jason I said giving Jason grief, Scott Geardon.
  Evan It's great to be here.
  Mike, I've seen you.
  Jason and Scott, I haven't seen you in about a year and a half.
  Scott So long.
  Not since Mike's party.
  The last party.
  The last party.
  Mike But Jason, I haven't seen you in a year and a half.
  I get up to do this podcast.
  You walk up to me very frazzled and ask, do you have a heart out?  Evan That was what I was told.
  I was told to go out and ask if he has a heart out.
  Well, I also directed you to the correct house.
  Scott Oh yes, I was also trespassing in somebody else's house.
  Evan Because you were going in the back door, the back gate of the wrong home.
  Jason I know this is a lot of podcast.
  This is the you know, we're explaining what we're doing, but we're back outside.
  We're outside again because of the new fucking thing.
  So we're being careful just in case.
  So that just as Mike also, as you were saying, like it's oddly more normal that  we're talking about Sesame Street.
  Let's add to it that we're doing it in the evening and that we will slowly be going  from day to night.
  Oh, that's as we this will be an episode where it shifts and then it becomes a little  Sesame Street after dark.
  Yeah.
  You know, if you're scared of the dark, one, I know a great place where they could  teach you how not to be scared of the dark.
  And I know I could tell you how to get there, too.
  Scott That's a place that teaches you that premise that it teaches you to be not  afraid of the dark.
  Evan Sesame Street teaches lots of lessons.
  Sure.
  I would assume in many decades.
  Scott I'm sure they've covered it.
  It's just not like an iconic one.
  And then how to get there.
  Surely.
  How to get there is addressed in every episode.
  Well, no, they're asking how to get there.
  That's not actually addressed how to get there, is it?  Because you don't really know.
  Other than like at the theme park.
  Can you tell me?  That's a question that's always unanswered as far as Sesame Street is concerned.
  So that is, yeah.
  I'm very happy to be here.
  I've enjoyed the podcast over the pandemic, even though we weren't together.
  It was a way for me to feel like I was together with you guys.
  I was telling you guys Lamar's episode I just listened to was so funny.
  All those stories.
  And I will say, as is my want, I pretty unapologetically campaigned to do this  episode and was insistent and pushy about doing the episode.
  And I'm glad that you guys finally gave in.
  And not enough, apparently, because I think I think it was I don't know.
  I want to say it was in my brain somewhere, but because you had texted almost like a  little coy like, oh, yeah, I was just asking because I'm going to Sesame Place.
  I'm going to go to Sesame Place.
  And you know, it's because I went to Sesame Place and then it eventually took you  saying, so you're going to have me on for Sesame.
  Yeah, I think I mentioned it while so I was we should probably get into I was  living on the East Coast for a year during the pandemic.
  And while I was there and things were kind of starting to look better with COVID,  it was kind of feeling like, oh, that would be a fun thing to do at some point to go  to Sesame Place.
  And I think I texted you guys and said, have you ever done it?  Like, I might do it.
  I'm close.
  I've got an opportunity and, you know, kind of hinting there.
  Maybe if you guys had told me, we'll do an episode with you if you do it.
  Maybe that would have been the push.
  But then you didn't say that.
  Then I went to Sesame Place.
  I sent some pictures, got tepid.
  Nice reaction.
  But not not.
  Oh, make sure to do some research.
  And then I finally just had to get back and be like, OK, when are we doing this?  Yeah.
  Well, we apologize for that.
  You know, we should have picked up on the hints.
  I think signal reading.
  It's, you know, like, I don't know.
  None of us have had to like date new in a little while.
  Maybe we're not good at picking up.
  And like, you know, I feel like even when I was dating, I needed just like clear, like,  like, no, no, no, I like you.
  Let's do it.
  We don't have to go back.
  So I kind of appreciated the just forward nature of it.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I think it's safe to assume we're three men who really appreciated if a woman  made the first move.
  Oh, absolutely.
  That's my entire dating career.
  I wouldn't even think to.
  That's right.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  I think usually would like go like somebody being like, well, what is this?  Are we going to kiss or something?  Like it would be an angry female.
  It's like, do you like me or what?  What is it?  So I think I think the words can I I think permission was asked for kisses of the parents.
  Handwritten letters.
  Yeah.
  A lot of reasons why I think this might be a positive momentum for everyone.
  Yeah.
  For sure.
  I think our generation, I feel like was told, like, don't ever ask permission for that.
  Like in high school and college, like Tony, I just can't.
  And now I think more people are like, don't ask.
  Don't do that.
  And I was like, I don't know.
  And now I feel so much better.
  Just fucking agro morons.
  I grew up with like this was like a thing.
  Well, I mean, it is it is crazy how quickly culture moves.
  I mean, I was just thinking about, you know, that book, the game that like, you know, with like, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  That was like a bestseller like 10 years ago.
  Right.
  Like not even that long ago in our lifetime, which was a lot of that like really, really gross.
  Like kind of what was like be mean, be mean.
  And also like, you know, just like make a move and see what happens.
  And yeah, so Jason was talking about mystery when he was saying a guy who told him it was mystery.
  I was mystery.
  Old friend.
  Neil Strauss, the great ghostwriter of our time.
  Yeah.
  You're hanging out at the Saddle Ranch every weekend.
  Oh, well, I would go back and well, I go back and forth.
  Universal City during the week.
  West Hollywood on the weekends.
  You and Toby, David Blaine, Leonardo DiCaprio.
  All the greats, all the greats.
  You know the name of the group.
  Well, yeah, you're the one that said maybe we should rename it.
  So you've kind of been a progressive.
  The progress posse.
  Yeah.
  The nice, the nice guys, the nice fellas.
  The alliteration was good, though.
  Something else about like culture changing and everything.
  I think about Sesame Street and Sesame Street's been more of a presence in my life because now I have a kid and he watches it.
  And I it's it's taken me back to like, oh, it's it's still good.
  It's great.
 Like I do not mind watching it ever.
  And I feel like, you know, in the interim, watched it as kids now watching it with a kid.
  And in the interim, there was just decades of godawful comedy that was all about like, hey, what if Ernie and Bert were gay?  They're gay.
 And that's the thing about them is that they are gay.
  That's the joke.
  And that's what Sesame Street doesn't want you to know.
  Like how much garbage did we have to sit through as if like that is a problem.
  Being just like it was just one of those like extremely obvious beat into the ground.
  Yeah.
 To know the end.
  There's no further point to that.
  It's just the worst.
  There's another type of joke that annoys me with the basic premise of like, what if the thing you liked that was for kids is dark and fucked up?  And it's like, it's still that genre is still around.
  I've seen it.
  It's also evolved into like, what if that thing you liked as kids came back and it's worse?  That's a different issue.
  I'm specifically about like, yeah, trying to like distort it.
  Yeah.
 Like the version that I always, which I don't even know what this is.
  If this is a show or like a screenplay that didn't get made, it's just like the peanuts all grown up.
  Well, I know exactly what you're talking about.
  And that's exactly what was in my head.
  I can think of like three different versions of that.
  Yes.
 It's like, and then Linus tried to kill himself and you're like, all right.
  Like, what are we doing here?  What is this? What is the point of this?  But I agree with the very, I guess, basic take that Sesame Street.
 Good.
  It was good when we were kids.
 It's good now.
  And it doesn't have the, what's interesting is they're all Muppets.
  Sesame Street are Muppets, but they don't have the scrutiny of the Muppets.
  Everyone and people go crazy about the Muppets and this and that.
  And what's the like, what's right for the Muppet?  And then they're going to come back.
 What is it going to be?  And so there's never more pressure on every move of the Muppets.
  But Sesame Street just going and we don't even know what they've been doing.
  The key is that it's been, it doesn't get rebooted.
  It just has existed and evolved and changed over time and had to.
  I mean, one of now, Scott, maybe you know this.
  I don't know if you guys know this about why Snuffleupagus is not on Sesame Street.
  Oh, right.
 That's darkness creeping into the world.
  This is a little bit of darkness.
  So if you guys remember, which I did not remember this,  the whole thing with Snuffleupagus was only kids saw him.
  And the joke was, or the game or whatever is, he would always be gone when the adults came back.
  And kids would be like, no, Snuffleupagus was here.
  And the adults would be like, no, there's no Snuffleupagus.
  We don't believe you.
  We don't believe you.
 Can you guess where this is going?  Yeah, I'm a little concerned.
  And then child psychologists approached Sesame Street and said,  this is not a good lesson to be teaching children that if something crazy is happening  and they go to an adult and adults won't believe them.
  So they had to get rid.
 So there was a big thing on Sesame Street where all the adults finally saw Snuffleupagus.
  But then when they did that, I was kind of like, well, what do we do now with this giant?  That was the whole thing.
  Well, but there is a I think he's still kind of around because there's a photo op at Sesame.
  Yes, he's still kind of around, but he's much, much like if you're watching, Scott, I wouldn't be surprised if you haven't seen.
  No, I don't.
  He's not like a regular part of the show because they kind of they diminished his role.
  Yeah, because that was his whole thing and newer characters that they're and also newer characters that they incorporate.
  I remember Abbie Kadabby's.
  Yeah, I had forgotten.
  I remember when Abbie Kadabby kind of remember when that character was introduced.
  But like that was well after our time.
  I thought Elmo was more recent, but Elmo was in 1980.
  It just Elmo had that giant burst in popularity with the tickle me Elmo when we were like just past the Sesame Street.
  He took a while to find his voice.
  Yes, that's sure.
  But he was around.
  Yeah, the design of the character.
  I discovered a little of this on the second gate because I went to another separate Sesame Street place.
  But we were also like if you've been watching it a lot, I got to ask this again.
  Elmo's world.
  I like Elmo's world.
  I love the song.
  I love both songs.
  My son's obsessed with the beginning song and the end song.
  I Mr.
 Noodle drives me up the wall.
  I like just snip it out.
  Why is why does this happen?  Why does a rouge faced mime man or multiple of them?  It's a noodle extended family.
  Yeah, I'm so relieved when it's the dog.
  Yeah, when it's schmoodle because there's less.
  There's less like a broad insane faces that a dog can make.
  And yeah, and I'll say my daughter doesn't seem to really care for Mr.
 Noodle.
  No, I don't think.
  Yeah, but they're committed to it.
  Yeah, it's a misfire.
  I don't know exactly what they're going for.
  Maybe nonverbal communication or something like that.
  Physical comedy, I guess.
  And that works without a lot of explanation.
  I don't know.
  But he scares me.
  If he scares me, maybe he would scare a child.
  Although I'm scared by a lot of things that a child is not.
  I am happy.
  I had heard rumors because me and Scott have this thing of watching Sesame Street again after not watching it.
  I had heard that Cookie Monster didn't like cookies anymore.
  I heard that rumor too.
  PC talk show monologue point.
  A happy report.
  He likes them just fine.
  Yeah.
  I haven't verbalized this.
  I felt the same way.
  I know what's up with Sesame Street.
  They're not doing the cookies anymore.
  Not true.
  It's not true at all.
  He loves them.
  He eats way too many of them.
  It's great.
  He just occasionally would tell children, try eating something else sometimes.
  Yes.
  I haven't learned that last time.
  So Cookie Monster is still like.
  And also too, I think he's also, he's become a bit of a foodie too.
  Which is also.
  He's got the truck.
  He has the food truck.
  Who's the helper?  Gonger.
  Gonger is the name of the helper.
  Oh, I like that.
  Who's a great character.
  I don't know Gonger.
  They do recipes for good sounding food with fresh ingredients.
  You're watching good meals get cooked and they go talk to the guy who's sourcing the ingredients.
  I'm enthusiastic about all of this.
  Oh wow, yeah.
  Gonger looks awesome.
  Gonger's cool.
  Gonger's in the park.
  Gonger's in Sesame Place.
  Wow.
  Yeah, I've seen him.
  Yeah, should we get into talking about Sesame Place?  Let's get into the place.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Open 1980 I believe.
  And now we, did you, I forget, you grew up.
  Well where?  In that general region.
  I grew up in Maryland.
  So pretty close to Sesame, like very close to Sesame.
  Like two and a half hours.
  We went a bunch of times when I was a kid.
  The first time we went with my younger brother who was like two and a half when we went for the first time.
  And after the day my parents always remember this, he said, this was the best day of my life.
  And yeah we loved it.
  I mean it's, they have a lot of, like they have the characters.
  It's like, it's not like Disneyland or Universal.
  But it's a little bit more than just a completely janky amusement park.
  Yeah.
  It's somewhere kind of in between and they have a big water park section which is like that you can enjoy even as you get older.
  Sure.
  But the characters are all there.
  They have rides.
  They have like kind of games.
  Right.
  And it's fun.
  And the street.
  And the street.
  That's the street.
  That's the thing.
  Yeah.
  That's the place.
  I'm sorry about that.
  It does have the street, Siri.
  I assure you.
  Yes.
  I grew up like 40 minutes from Sesame Place.
  Oh, okay.
  And I remember going a couple of times as a kid.
  It's Sesame Place in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
  I grew up in Delaware County and it's just kind of on the other, just a little north of where I grew up.
  And I only had very faint memories of it.
  I think we went like once when me and my brother were both very little.
  And then we went again when I would have been like nine or 10.
  And it's one of the few theme park experiences I remember ever having.
  I still had a great time, but it's one of the few times I remember going like, I might be a little too old for that.
  Because like at nine or 10, you're towering over like a lot of the other.
  Even a short Jason was towering over a lot of kids.
  And at the time Sesame Place was only like three or four acres.
  And now it's kind of quadrupled in size where it was like back then it was mostly water park.
  And my dad reminded me there was a big like huge jungle gym netting kind of climbing area.
  And now it's like kind of split between water park and then like there's two roller coasters.
  There's a bunch of flat rides, you know, kiddie rides.
  And it's really kind of grown quite a bit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 On that point of like feeling too old for it, it does.
  I think I saw the tagline go before you grow.
  Go before they grow.
  They grow.
  And I almost started bawling.
  Like I almost was like, oh, God.
  Yeah, really tugging on the heartstrings.
  Tugging on the heartstrings.
  There's other stuff in this where I in this park where I'm like, that's so nice.
  That's so kind.
  But I guess they are like they're not.
  The other theme parks are more like, OK, we have to advance them to the next thing.
  And what do you like when you're a teen?  And what do you like when you're an adult?  And I guess Sesame Place just counts on, well, maybe you loop back around.
  That's when we get you again is when you're taking kids.
  Yeah, truly.
 And I mean, you know, take them before they grow or whatever.
  I'll say that, you know, my wife and I, who both grew up going to Sesame Place, you know,  it was something that we talked about like, oh, that'll be fun to go with our daughter.
  Then this freaking pandemic happened.
  And we're also I don't know if you guys know Kenny Stevenson.
  He you know, he's got kids too.
  And he told me we talked about Sesame Street and he was like, yeah, kids love Sesame Street.
  And then like right about when they're three and a half, they're kind of like done with it.
  And I was like, oh, no.
  You know, the pandemic's going on and we're like, we're going to we're going to run right here on the East Coast.
  We got to get to this place.
  So we're going to we're going to, you know, running out of time, the biggest loss of the pandemic,  because we might not get to go to Sesame Place.
  Well, if you can hold out till 2022, Sesame Place San Diego is coming.
  Yes.
 Well, we knew that was happening.
 Yeah.
  So we were looking we were looking forward to that.
  But then we decided to when we were, you know, Jamie and I got fully vaccinated.
  Cases were relatively low.
  And we were like, you know what, a lot of it's outside.
  So we went we went with our daughter to Sesame Place.
  So we got that experience in which is great.
  That's great.
 Yeah.
  I actually made the clock tick.
  And when I did this, so the Sesame Street stuff in SeaWorld and I and I sort of like, yeah, we set a date to do it partially because well, things seem kind of the pandemic was for the moment.
  And then and also like, what if he doesn't like Elmo next month?  Yeah, these things are pretty and already it's less.
  It's definitely less even than then.
  Yeah, I'm glad we just is crazy with a kid.
  When like they start watching Sesame Street and you're like, how would you like to like go to real Sesame Street?  What do you think? It's like a mind blowing concept for a kid.
  Well, you got to have that because I was speaking it.
  So you you got to communicate.
  Yeah, we got to talk like and like, how would you like to like meet Elmo?  Like, would you like to meet Elmo?  Is that something that you'd be impressed with your dad if he arranged that?  Like, well, you know, like maybe it might be the kind of thing I'm able to arrange.
  Give the guild a little ring.
  See what you can get done.
  So how to play out.
  So well, it played out well.
  So we got there and right away, the funny thing about Sesame Street plays is you can do like everything there.
  It's like the park was open to like 10 to five and we were like, oh, is that going to be like enough time?  And like, yeah, we have nothing to do.
  So we get there and right away we're like, oh, like there's a parade at 1030.
  That's like a good thing to do.
  We'll see everybody.
 And we're like we like are running in because we drove in from, you know, D.
C.
  like that morning to like Philadelphia.
 It's like a two and a half hour drive.
  And we're like parking and like we've got to get good spot for the parade.
  And then we get there like, where is the parade happening?  Like no one.
 It's like the smallest.
  Like there was no it was not very crowded.
  So we just get a good spot.
  And it's they call it a mini parade.
  And I don't know a big theme of the whole trip was is this because of covid or is this just always how it is?  So it was a small parade with which some of this is good because it's kind of overwhelming.
  But it's like Bert and Ernie, Elmo, cook Oscar and Cookie Monster.
  And that was it for the parade.
  Oh, and like three floats.
  And that's what it was, which, you know, is like exciting.
  But even like Abby, who's like one of her favorite, I was like, it's not Abby.
  There's not Big Bird.
  Oh, in fact, spoiler, no Big Bird the entire.
  What do you mean?  Like represented with like, you know, pictures and stuff.
  Yeah.
  But so they'd like the tall person calling sick.
  I guess that could be.
  Or, you know, we went on a weekday or because of covid.
  Maybe it's like like the Big Bird costumes, more of an ordeal.
  We don't do that.
  You know, did you ask, by the way?  What did you ask?  We should have asked about Big Bird, but we did not.
  And then we did a meet and greet with Elmo, which unfortunately, because of covid, they don't actually get to touch and interact.
  So you kind of extend.
  But then it was nice because when we went to the meet and greet, it was Elmo and Abby was there.
  And then my daughter was very sweet, like, you weren't at the parade like we were looking for you.
  And then Julia, who's a newer character.
  Julia.
  She's she's an autistic character, the first autistic Muppet.
  So that's a nice thing that they have.
  And then the big thing, which was they had Cookie Monster's foodie truck at Sesame Place, which we were building up.
  It seemed really exciting.
  It also was like, oh, this is like, you know, being worried about indoor outdoor dining.
  Oh, that's outdoor.
 It's a food truck.
  That'll be great.
  But then on the drive up, our daughter was like, oh, great.
  And then like Cookie Monster, like, will serve me the food.
  And I know that can't be how it works.
  You know, it's just going to be a guy.
  Yeah.
  And then unfortunately, the food truck was closed the whole time we were there.
  So there was a lot of that kind of stuff of like building up and expectations.
  But still good.
  And a lot of we tried doing the rides because they have a lot of rides there.
  But very off the shelf, but like nicely decorated with Sesame Street stuff.
  Yeah.
  But the rides, all of them, my daughter was just like, this is not my favorite.
  So I mean, she like me, you know, my wife is much more she's like, oh, maybe she'll like they've roller coasters.
  Maybe she'll want to do the roller coaster.
  I'm like, are you insane? She's two and a half.
  You're getting like because I like you guys, I'm scared of rides.
  And even like we did like their version of like the teacups, which our daughter hated and I hate it.
  I don't like really disco Grover teacups or the actually the.
  Hold on.
  That's OK.
 Is the answer mix up the monster?  And it's but it's the same situation where you can turn it in the car.
  But did you just not turn it? Yeah.
  Jamie, my wife was trying to turn and I like push her hand.
  I mean, we don't like it.
 We don't like that.
  So, yeah, so there's like a lack of like I think the most expensive Sesame Street ride is in Japan, right?  Or a port.
 Yeah.
  What have you in Spain? I think this is a dark ride.
  I'm talking about spaghetti.
 Oh, you're talking about spaghetti.
  Is that universal? Is that in Singapore?  It might be Singapore.
 Yeah.
  I think it's a dark ride where Grover like goes into space and sees monsters and like you're like kind of it's like E.
T.
  Adventure a little bit.
  Space chase.
 Yeah.
  They don't Singapore.
 I would love them to have some like good like dark rides, but they don't.
  There is a dark.
 There's a dark ride in Spain, I believe.
  OK.
 So, yeah, it is interesting that like the thing I think you're talking about, you want something like that.
  Yes.
 That's like not thrill based, but there's a lot of stuff and robots and right.
  Because they kind of have like state fair kind of rides with like Sesame Street branding.
  Right.
 Exactly.
 Sure.
  Which some of that stuff, you know, I said I can't say a bad word about Sesame Street the show.
  Sesame Place.
 There are some criticisms.
  Oh, yeah.
 Sure.
  Oh, please.
 Because it's not a given.
  Like, you know, like I understand that like, well, this will be enough for a kid.
  The kid will like it.
 But maybe you're testing that like maybe your daughter like it's I don't know.
  They take more too.
 Yes.
  They would happily accept more.
  Well, one huge thing, my big complaint is the gift shop, which, you know, I would love to have gone nuts in this gift shop.
  Yeah.
 But they don't they only they like just sell stuff that you could like buy online.
  Yeah.
 Just like normal Sesame Street stuff.
  So that's a that's a small thing.
 But I said, come on.
  Like it was I finally found like a shirt that said Sesame Place itself.
  Whereas it's just so that was general.
 That was one.
  I have a piece of merch.
 If we're talking about merch, this was again in the SeaWorld San Diego thing that I saw.
  And maybe you ran in this too.
 This might be at multiple locations.
  Sesame Place, by the way, owned by it's in the SeaWorld umbrella.
  There is some crossover and some of the same stuff, which maybe could include this shirt, which has the count on it and the shirt.
  He's doing a very particular move and the shirt says Count Dabula.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There are some attempts.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  But he's not he's not Dracula, though.
  I know.
  Dabula.
  Count Dabula is good.
 If you saw Count Dabula, would you have gotten it?  Yeah.
  Wow.
 They were not the first outlet to think of Count Dabula t-shirts.
  I'm finding out very quickly.
  Is it the counter is actually Dracula?  Jason.
 What's that?  Is it the count specifically or is it actually?  Oh, no, it's a lot of generic looking Dracula's.
  OK, got it.
  But nobody's made the move to make Count Dabula into a feature film, which is what I think should be the ultimate.
  As soon as this is now in the universe.
 Yeah.
  Now it's going to happen.
 Yeah, for sure.
  One of the most popular shirts is now a major motion picture and a streaming series.
  The viral shirt is now a hit movie.
  Yeah, that's a good idea.
  No foul that away.
 Yeah, you're the screenwriter.
  I could see the light bulb going off.
 It was nice to see the creation process.
  Martin Carcesi criticizes the viral shirt.
  And the street itself is great.
 It feels like, you know, like you were saying, Scott,  as good as it is, you could imagine that being even better.
  Like you could have more fun with actual Sesame Street.
  You could have like characters kind of like honestly, would they do a universal with like the Italian American?  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But if you had that was like Sesame Street characters, that would be you want them to like roast you as you're walking down Sesame Street.
  Oscar popped up and said mean things.
  Oh, that'd be great.
 Dumb shoes.
  There is a trash can that you can like touch a button.
  It's like, hey, leave me alone.
 That's kind of fun.
  But he doesn't pop out.
 He doesn't pop out.
  Well, Oscar has a roller coaster.
 Yes.
  He does.
 Oscar also has a garage.
  There's like a facade that says Oscar's Oscar has a lot of business vendors going in this part.
  Very all over the place.
  Yeah.
 Living in a trash can.
 Yeah.
 He gets a lot done.
  Yeah.
 They don't even have like a donkey like a donkey universal like waffle cart with Oscar.
  They don't have that.
  Well, here's something I know from a little looking into retro Sesame places that they did have this at a certain point.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  And not only that, but it was I think somewhere in an early contract, it was stipulated that you could not have representations of the characters without the real voices.
  They wanted this to be consistent.
  So there was an Oscar and a what was the other one? A Cookie Monster.
  And they were animatronics.
 They were simple animatronics with the real voices.
  So and they like you look at photos, they're like cool and early 80s and analog.
  I don't know why like why you would have that and then stop doing it.
  That seems confusing.
  I just want to see the as with any of the Muppet attractions, seeing like, well, this is how they look on TV.
  They don't even have to change mediums.
 That just is Cookie Monster there.
  That'd be really cool.
  It feels like you could like make more money getting rid of all the rides and just making the street amazing.
  I agree with that.
  And you know, in the things like the shows, some of them like the meet and greet, they're just waving.
  Obviously, they're not talking.
  But then some of the shows, they do have, you know, they're like lip syncing to like record it.
  And that like blew my daughter's mind being like, whoa, they're like here.
  Like they're talking.
 And this is this is great.
  Well, now what were those? Because we got to and I said a lot of us in the second game,  but I went to something called the furry friends dance party, which I believe is there too.
  We also did.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  Right.
 Well, my daughter, I think I sent Mike a video of it.
  I mean, she just was so excited to be there.
  It was like, you know, entering Studio 54 for her.
  Slightly less cocaine, but just for the parents.
  Yeah, but she she loved that.
 So that was really good.
  There was the the magic of art, which was a little bit of like a story kind of show that had like some humans  and like learning the lessons and like my daughter like will sing the song from that show like even now,  which is like she really made an impression.
 Oh, that's cool.
  Is there a an Elmo the musical?  There's not an Elmo the musical.
 Is that in SeaWorld?  No, there wasn't.
 I think there maybe there was or has been.
  Yeah, because that's like also recurring Elmo thing that it's he makes it musicals and there is a like a curtain  flap that speaks, I think.
  Oh, that would have been a hang.
 I don't know.
  I think they may have done that.
 I was trying to find evidence of moves like Bert.
  The parody.
 Do you have it? I got you covered.
  All right.
 Thank you.
 Did you did you catch the song moves like Bert?  We did not get moves like Bert.
 We got the Elmo slide.
  I really like the Elmo slide.
 Yeah, it's like an earworm for sure.
  Yeah, that's one of those it's been kicking around and then like out of nowhere.
  You're just like doing the dishes and then and when you're at a place, we probably have the Elmo slide 30 times.
  That was in the show.
 We just like turn to each other one day out of nowhere.
  I think I like the Elmo slide.
 Yeah, no, I think that's not I think I'm not laughing at it.
  I just like it.
 Let me let me do a little hit of because this was a song that I got in my free friends dance party  referenced on the second gate, but I think it merits a clip if this is too quiet.
  Drop in some later.
  That's fantastic.
 I'm very disappointed that that was not a part of.
  Yes.
 Is that the video from Sesame Street Live?  I think it was.
 Yeah, that version is I think this is from a live tour that went around.
  By the way, after this goes a couple other characters get rounds, including I think a very like overlooked character at this point.
  Telly monster.
 Yeah, one of my childhood favorites.
  I think Telly is being phased out as well.
 Telly is something wrong with Telly's relationship?  No, I think just not connecting.
 Oh, man.
  You know what I like that song and then the shop Trader Burt's this park really showing Bert letting his hair down a little relaxing a bit.
  Lindsay really brought I sent Lindsay moves like Bert and she said, Why isn't it moves like Ernie?  There's two syllables.
 Doesn't he have enough?  I disagree with that concept.
 Ernie never could have enough.
  But Ernie two syllables like Jagger.
  And also if who would you think has the moves? Right.
  It's funny.
 It's a comedic.
 It's a funny, comedic set up with Bird.
  I guess that's why it's happening.
 But it doesn't maybe Bert and Jagger have that in common.
  Is that is that bird like Jagger? Yeah, maybe.
  So moves like Telly is fun, too.
  I'm glad Telly had some some representation there.
  I just like to have.
 I don't know.
 Maybe it's the kid situation brings this out of me.
  I think I've been hard on Jack FM type music.
  What would the Med Tea Party Fiasco?  And I just want to say that in terms of like theme park entertainment from songs within the last 20 years from vaguely contemporary songs, moves like Bert melted my icy heart.
  Wow.
  Yeah, I mean, it's hard.
 It's hard to imagine a parody sung by Bert that you wouldn't like.
  Yeah.
 You know, he's got a funny singing voice.
  He's a lovable character.
 Yeah.
  Let me ask real quick.
 Everybody, Bert or Ernie, as far as their favorite as a child.
  Ernie.
 After all that, it's Ernie.
 Ernie.
 Ernie.
 Jason.
  It was probably Ernie.
 I think I had stuffed animals of both.
  Now, I think.
 Well, we know now.
  We're talking about this.
 I'm concerned that like as a child, I just absorbed all this through osmosis of my personality is just a combination of Cookie Monster, Oscar the Grouch and parts of Bert and Ernie.
  A little bit of Ernie in there, but a lot of Bert.
  Yeah, maybe Ernie like 10 years ago when I as far as I know you.
  Ernie's gone, I think.
 Do any of you have in his 20s?  20s.
 I remember Ernie inside.
  But now I think it's just Bert.
 Oh, man.
  What's the most hurt Jason's ever been on the show?  Working together this long has led to that.
  Yeah, I did it.
 I beat it out of me.
 I beat the Ernie out of you all these years.
  My Ernie antics have beat the Ernie out of me.
 Only Bert remains.
  So yeah, Ernie.
 Ernie's I just I always get bummed that Ernie's not more popular these days.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't.
 Why do you think that is?  I don't know.
 I mean, his zany antics fit better in the couple decades where he was at the top.
  I don't know.
 Almost not as zany.
 I don't think.
  Yeah.
 He's not as much of an anarchist as Ernie was.
  That's like Ernie, I think, is also like a holdover from your Bugs Bunny.
  Like he comes in the situation and tears shit up.
  The cat in the hat is the same way.
  Yeah.
 Young kids these days, they don't like that as much.
  They don't.
 Right.
 That's not as fun.
  And I think Elmo kind of elbowed in a little bit, too.
  Yeah, for sure.
 Yeah.
 With like, you know, as far as being a wild.
  What's interesting about Elmo is he's wild, but you kind of get the sense he doesn't know better.
  The funny and maybe bad thing about Ernie is he knows better.
  He knows.
 He knows.
  He knows.
 The thing where he gets the sheep to carry Bert's bed out of.
  We've all seen the segment, right?  There's one where Ernie's I'm trying to think it's Shuffle Off to Buffalo or something.
  He's doing like a song and he keeps way.
  I mean, he keeps like messing with Bert.
  He's like playing a saxophone and then he has like sheep come in and they carry Bert's bed outside.
  And the thing ends, the little segment ends Bert outside at night and he can't get in and he's trying to go like Ernie has kept him outside of their bedroom at night.
  And like, that's it.
 It's over.
 And you even as a kid, you're like, Bert has to sleep outside.
  That is kind of mean.
 Like, oh, OK.
 Right.
  I did find even though Ernie was my favorite, like I liked him more than maybe my favorite period and definitely liked him more than Bert.
  He would sometimes do things like Bugs Bunny that would make me uncomfortable.
  Sure.
 So, you know, I think that I can understand.
  He would tell you just to go for the kiss and don't ask.
  He was often giving you that advice.
  Yeah, no, I agree with that.
 And but I yeah, I liked Ernie.
  He was so much fun.
 I liked both Ernie and Bert.
  I had both Ernie and Bert dolls and I was pretty obsessed with them for a couple of years.
  I still, by the way, real quick, sorry.
 I have this Ernie doll in in my bedroom now and it is terrifying.
  It's from when I was little, like one.
 And I have it in his pajamas.
 His crotch is ripped open.
  I think I've talked about this before.
 His stuffing is coming out.
 His hair is falling out.
  I think we don't need to explore that too much more.
  There's nothing dirty there.
 It's just because the thing wasn't made very well.
 His hair is falling out.
  It's a connective point.
 Yes, his mouth is like gone.
  That like little like piece of felt that was his mouth is gone.
  So you have like a portrait of Dory and Greg kind of Ernie doll that just falls apart and you stay youthful.
  Like Robert the doll, the evil doll.
 I have the Ernie version of like the living doll that was Chuckie was based on.
  Yes, I have it still in the apartment.
 So I'll post a photo of Ernie.
 Anyway, sorry.
 You were saying, Scott.
  What was I saying? I think that does some of, is there a little bit of a slide with Bert and Ernie because you no longer have the originals doing it.
  100%.
 Yes, 100%.
  Because that's like an ultimate, an ensign Oz.
 Right.
  Like unfortunately, and I think a lot of the characters have maintained and bounced back and changed hands successfully.
  But that one, I mean those are just such like classic sketches and they just had such a rhythm as they did with Hermit and Piggy.
  And I mean, that's an unfortunate fallout of that kind of situation.
  And I ask is that kind of the same with Grover? Is the same person? I don't know.
 I can't account for it.
  I feel like Grover has faded back to his era.
 Grover is pretty minimized.
 He is.
  But he's around more than I thought.
 This was a thing I was bemoaning.
  Not like some of these other ones.
 Maybe even more than, honestly maybe even more than Bert and Ernie.
  But really the show is Elmo and Abby are like the stars.
 Yeah.
  Cookie Monster, I would say third lead.
 Wow, really? Pretty good.
  And then, yeah, yeah, which is nice.
 I'm glad he's so represented.
  And then just like celebrities from shows that film in New York.
 Yes.
  It's a lot of, you know, Chenoweth and Ellie Kemper and Michael Che.
  And then it kind of rotates in.
 It's like, oh, this one you'll have Bert and Ernie.
 This one you'll have Gonger.
  And then also, yeah, like Zoe, Rosita, like newer characters.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I did think reading about the roller coasters because the Super Grover coaster is like a metal steel coaster.
  And I was like, is that for the millennial parents? Is that for the older folks?  Oh, so Grover almost reads as a retro reference in a way.
  Well, I mean, yeah, I get he's still around and stuff.
  But I just remember being a big Grover kid in like the 80s, late 80s.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Monster at the end of this book.
 Yeah, I will.
  I have a special bond with Grover because I had a lot of action figures as a kid and I love playing with them.
  And really the only time I ever remember being punished by my parents, I broke a cabinet by hanging on it repeatedly after they told me not to.
  And they took away all of my action figures for I think it was a year.
  It was probably three days, but it felt like a year.
  And I think after 12 hours of seeing me in like agony, my dad gave me a Super Grover, like snuck me a Super Grover and like Homer with the pizza.
  Right.
 Exactly.
 And it and it was like a lifeline to have the Super Grover.
  Wow.
 Interesting.
 So that's why you're bonded to him.
 Yeah, because he's also Jewish.
  He is.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Canonically, that's true.
  I think I realized that.
 And he's a Jewish superhero as well.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 As is the Count, which I have some weird feelings about.
 Oh, yeah, sure.
  The Count is canonically Jewish.
 He is canonically Jewish.
  Wow.
 Where is all this established? I knew Grover, but I know the Count.
  It's I don't know.
 It's in the Sesame Street.
  There are Jewish books where it specifies that they're Jewish.
  And it's like, I think, kind of consistent.
  I think that in the show when they would have like a Hanukkah episode, they're Jewish.
  When you cut to a Hanukkah party, that's who's there.
  That's who's there.
 Two of them.
  Count is there.
 Counting is money.
 That's the issue.
 Yes.
  Having a perfect handle on everything you got.
  But yeah, those are the Jewish.
 Those are the Jewish Sesame Street.
  And of course, Bert and Ernie.
 Bert is Episcopalian and Ernie is Methodist.
  And that's where a lot of the friction comes from.
 Small differences, you know.
  Yeah.
 That was the underlying thing in all the old sketches.
  That's right.
 Protestant strife.
  Yeah.
 So I have not obviously watched.
 There's a lot of childish things in my life.
  I have not watched a full Sesame Street in 30 years.
  Yeah, I'll say it would be insane to do that.
 Yeah, right.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I'm not going to say you should do it.
  It's just a thing.
 You don't like.
 It's a pick your poison with the kids entertainment.
  And like, well, it's a good poison.
  You always have the option, of course, of the Elmo not too late talk show on HBO Max.
  Where Elmo hangs out with Lil Nas X.
 OK, sure.
  And John Mulaney and you know, you could.
 I could watch that.
 Yeah.
  Elmo's friend Lil Nas X.
 I mean, that's pretty.
 That's great to see.
  They have a lot of fun together.
 So give that a go.
  And you know what? They get like, is his sidekick Ernie or is Ernie like, does Ernie work there?  Like they fit everybody in.
 There's sort of a Larry Sanders component.
  You see people in the booth.
 Is Ernie like.
 Stage managers.
  Burt would be like a good arty.
 Like a Larry Sanders.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Fred deCourteve.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Or I was going to say like Gelman.
 I have to really quickly correct something.
  I don't know that I've ever gotten so many corrections for an error I made on the podcast, The Ride.
  But on Patreon and I apologize, it's only on Patreon.
  I incorrectly said that the Green Day's venue and street that they played in was Gelman Street.
  Every book I think plus 1010 per people told me it is not Gelman Street is Gilman Street.
  You idiot.
  Gelman is the producer on Regis and Kathie Lee or whatever it's called now.
  That's a bad mistake.
  And so I'd like to apologize formally for getting the name of the venue slash street, which I think I may be getting that wrong too.
  And I'd like to apologize for any of this ever coming up, for any Green Day content being in this theme park podcast.
  Green Day blew the doors wide open with everyone.
  And they're like Scott doesn't like American Idiots.
  That was a whole big thing.
  Yeah, no, we.
  I've been following.
  Oh, OK.
 So you know all the controversy.
  I see.
 OK.
  But you didn't text about you weren't like worried about us.
  Yeah.
  We aren't getting along anymore because I think I texted Carlson privately and said that you're crazy.
  The Green Day is great.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 You're pro-Green Day.
  No, I'm getting out of number.
  All right.
  Why did I agree to have you on?  I knew that.
  I kept it to myself.
  The Susser band stated a few other things I wanted to touch on in the park.
  If that's of course.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  So the food options.
  Fun thing.
 We got soft pretzel, Elmo soft pretzel.
  It looks like Elmo.
  Great.
 Yeah.
  Very good.
  I wish there were more stuff like that, but happy to see that.
  Right.
 Then the food is like pretty like I mentioned that the foodie truck was closed and then like the dining options pretty like sparse like hamburger.
  You know, chicken fingers, mac and cheese.
  Yeah.
  Like that's kind of what you get.
  But my wife's a vegetarian and she said, well, look at this.
  They have impossible meat.
  They have an impossible burger and an impossible meatball sub.
  So that's good.
  You know, that's like not have to worry about that.
  She can eat.
  She can eat.
  And so I went in to order the food and I was like, I have a hand.
  They didn't see it on the menu, but I was like, um, I'll have a hamburger.
  And do you have an impossible burger?  And this was the reaction from the person.
  Let me check.
  They leave.
  They come back and like, yeah, we have them, but it'll take like 10 minutes.
  And I said, that's okay.
  That's fine.
  Okay.
  I'll call you when it's ready.
  Yeah, no problem.
  Okay.
  Wait, it's way more than 10 minutes.
  Fine.
  I'm just like, you're punished.
  Yes.
  I finally like 15 minutes.
  I just want to make sure like the impossible burger.
  Like, yeah, we're, we're working on it.
  And then somebody walks by, this was like the county part.
  Oh, like another, like, you know, looked like visiting a Sesame place from Brooklyn,  hipstery kind of dad hears it.
  He's like, Oh, you guys have impossible burgers?  Yeah, yeah, we do.
  They take, they take 10 minutes.
  I looked at a lot of the menus and a lot of the places have, are advertising impossible burgers.
  They're not being ordered.
  Like Buffalo cauliflower.
  These things are not being ordered.
  I guess.
  Yeah.
  Don't put them on.
  If you're good.
  Yeah.
  So make a big face.
  Are they probably, they're probably like frozen because they're not in rotation a lot.
  Right.
  So it's a huge to do.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it didn't seem like I'd pick up what to do.
  I mean, I had the whole thing.
  I'm like, yeah, I know they're frozen.
  It'll just take a little bit longer.
  Unless it's further than that.
  And forgive me if I've said this on the show, but at that Knott's chicken dinner restaurant,  there was some occasion where my wife ordered something pretty heavily vegetarian and the person froze.
  The waitress, like they had never encountered this before at the chicken restaurant.
  So like, absolutely that will be fine.
  And then it took so long to come.
  And we are very sure that somebody had to make a trip to the store for ingredients for this.
  Or maybe.
  That's what happened.
  You know, that's the other funny thing about Sesame Place.
  It just is like it's on one side and then like across the street is just like a mini mall, like a Best Buy and like a sports authority and maybe a grocery store.
  So maybe it was just like, we got to get there.
  Do they have the Impossible Burgers here?  It's time for an intern to shine.
  Other gripes to bring up.
  Jason, I think you'll be right here with me.
  So there's a big water park.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  And they have like lockers and stuff so you can put your stuff.
  How much do you think a locker at Sesame Place?  I saw this.
  I did see this.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, I saw it.
  So we weren't going to do a lot of the water stuff, but we were going to do the Lazy River.
  And we were just kind of unsure.
  We were like, oh, like I did it once with my daughter and the janitor said, oh, let's all do it.
  Can you go put the stuff in the locker and we'll go around twice for like 10 minutes.
  And I said, you know, we can probably just leave.
  Like people aren't going to.
  Like there are a million strollers out.
  Right.
  Are people really going to run by?  I was like, fine, I'll do it.
  I get to the lockers.
  Thirty five dollars for a locker.
  Wow.
  For no amount of like you can't do it for a period of time.
  It's just like that's the whole.
  Yeah.
  And it's also not a huge locker.
  So it's like really only for like a backpack.
  No, the bigger lockers are more.
  And also like summer.
  Forty five dollars.
  And then it even goes up from there.
  Yeah.
  And I was looking at ticket prices.
  I remember it's like, oh, one thing I remember at Sesame Places, it was always pretty affordable.
  And there's a lot of hotels that do discounts in the area.
  There's a lot of deals in the area.
  So you can usually find discount tickets.
  But like summer tickets seem to be on average like 40 bucks.
  Yeah.
  That locker is just under ticket price.
  The price of Sesame Place is 90 dollars, but it's like always on.
  It's never 90 dollars.
  Yeah.
  It's always like you can always get a discounted ticket for like half price.
  So Sesame Place is like 40, 45 dollars.
  Right.
  But then the locker is the same price is going.
  It's insane.
  Yeah.
  Prices seem to go up for the Halloween and Christmas stuff because the park operations is like it's open all summer.
  Rides and waterpark.
  And then it continues on the weekends of September and it continues in Halloween time.
  So there's some weekdays and weekends for like the counts Halloween event.
  And then there is a furry Christmas.
  I think they call it very furry Christmas is the name.
  A lot of people show up to and are kind of confused.
  This isn't what they said.
  And so I'm free here.
  Yeah.
  But I don't I don't remember if they did that when I was a kid or not because they didn't have like many rides of anything to open at Christmas and Halloween.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  They also too which I remember from being a kid have like a whole like carnival rides kind of section.
  Oh yeah.
  Games where you win a prize.
  Yeah.
  Did you did you play.
  Yeah I did.
  Which was also my daughter's first time ever seeing something like that.
  And just the idea of like you do it and you get something was like.
  Yeah.
  That's great.
  That's did she did she play at all.
  Did she play.
  Yeah.
  Kind of.
  I mean with me assisting.
  I see.
  Was it like the water squirting thing or.
  Yeah.
  That's it.
  Did I ever.
  I told the story in the podcast where I accidentally beat a bunch of kids on the pier Santa Monica Pier and one of Homer Simpson doll.
  That's great.
  At what age.
  Twenty nine.
  Like I was like oh game I want to go sit down and play and I played and then I looked I looked to my right after I won and I was like I think I just beat a bunch of kids.
  All right.
  I didn't realize it was a competition.
  Yes.
  I think that's a new rule with that where I have to be sitting first at a game and then if the parents see there's an older kid that it's on them then it's on them.
  Maybe their kids are sharp.
  That's how I think of myself.
  Maybe their kids are you know.
  That's right.
  They're setting their kids into the fire if they see me playing but I'm not going to go there.
  You're starting up against.
  There's a bunch of kids.
  I'm not going to do that.
  I like to scope those things out and if there's really it's really empty like can I be a player of one.
  Can I guarantee myself.
  Well but then you get a smaller prize.
  Yeah exactly.
  I mean the right way to scope is like see like a bunch of kids.
  Yeah.
  The littlest kids possible playing and then you got one seat left and you sneak right in and you beat all of them.
  That's the way to do it.
  You got to get ruthless Jason.
  You're going to get like a little like decoder ring or a little one of those really cheap prizes.
  It's usually like not the IP also is when it's you know what I'm saying like a small you'll see like oh it's a bunch of Simpsons things.
  Right.
  And then like the thing you get if it's only one player or two players it's like oh it's like a generic bird or something.
  Plus bird.
  I mean I and sensor.
  Right.
  It's not the same way maybe universal but like on the pier they always put the attractive IP prizes and they're giant.
  And yeah you have to have a full like a packed house playing to get those prizes.
  I played a game at nots back at the Christmas food festival with a pick like the duck game and like pick up a duck.
  Pick up a duck.
  And I really it's similarly to what I said I did with it.
  I appreciated this setup.
  They're like OK you're guaranteed to win a prize.
  Five dollars you can pick one of these ten dollars you can pick one of these.
  I was like so I'm just buying a stuff that they're like yeah but you have to play the game.
  All right fair enough.
  But it sounds like that's what you want to do anyway.
  Kind of.
  Yeah.
  Because you don't want to play you don't want to be playing it so you was a little disappointed when I walked in a gift shop and I was like oh well there's that little Snoopy.
  I just I didn't realize I thought they were maybe a little more exclusive to the prize.
  But you should go inside a dollar store and have a little bucket of water with a duck and pick the duck up and then buy yourself something nice.
  You know that is that's a good idea.
  Yeah some limited run cereal that they're just trying to clear stock.
  Yeah.
  Old vitamins.
  I play carnival games at home and give myself a little prize.
  Nothing wrong with it.
  Fresh treats bakery treats is the prize.
  Yeah.
  We were going to say something.
  Yes.
  Mike before we did this I asked you to remind me about something.
  Oh yeah I haven't reminded you haven't reminded me.
  What's the time.
  Yeah go for it.
  I reminded myself.
  Okay well I'm going to set this up though the way you did it you said remind me on the podcast and I said what.
  And you said I'll know.
  And not to backtrack too much but also you specifically texted about me not liking Green Day.
  In reality.
  This is an exchange like I better go out of my way to talk about Scott and Green Day.
  Well I mean surely you know the early albums you could appreciate.
  Appreciate.
  Yes.
  We'll sit down and we'll listen to the whole catalog together.
  Yeah well we're going to record it.
  He's going to have to listen to American Idiot.
  Okay.
  Watch the Broadway show.
  So there is this thing that also happened while I was at Sesame Place that I don't think is representative of Sesame Place.
  Okay.
  And in fact I would like to not keep track of what all their employees were doing on January 6th.
  Okay.
  Well I would like for this not to be in the podcast.
  So I would like to tell you this story and then maybe you could play moves like Bert and then you'll pick up just on your reaction to the story.
  Hang on.
  Wait a minute.
  How close can you get us to this is just all this is entirely.
  I love you calling this shot.
  I love this.
  This is an interesting move.
  You can hear the story and if you guys think that it should be included I maybe leave it to you to do it.
  Okay.
  But I think when I tell you the story you might all decide that I've made the right decision.
  Okay.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  So if so the listener is really teetering on something.
  You might hear an interesting story or you might just hear a full block of moves like Bert.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  What's around the bend.
  Wow I don't know.
  Let's see.
  Today it's Sesame Place.
  Okay.
  It's really nice.
  Only good feelings about it.
  We were about to leave and I decided to go to the bathroom.
  Okay.
  Walk into the bathroom and I see that there's kind of a bathroom attendant person who seems to be.
  Has a.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Go in the bathroom and the conversation with the appears to be getting.
  And I it's only me in the bathroom and this man.
  Okay.
  And he.
  Okay.
  And then I'm just going to the bathroom.
  This is happening.
  And then there appears to be.
  And then I leave.
  And that's the end of the story.
  Okay.
  Can you edit the master recording like just just edit.
  You want me to edit this.
  Just edit everything.
  Yeah.
  You want me to edit that live out.
  You want to you want this to be scrubbed from your brain.
  Yes.
  I think.
  Yeah.
  I want the eternal.
  Yeah.
  Now you've heard the story.
  I don't think it's representative of Sesame Place.
  I also imagine I'm not there every day.
  I'm very sympathetic actually.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Situation and I haven't really told many people it understandably I think.
  But I felt like I had to tell the three of you.
  Right.
  Thank you for telling us that.
  Do you feel scandalized.
  How are you feeling.
  How do I feel.
  I feel fine.
  It's an inch.
  It's an odd story.
  It's an awkward situation.
  Do you feel like my proposed idea is a good way of handling it.
  I feel like now I'm in show energy and I need to come down from that and then I have to assess.
  Make that determination.
  Is over.
  Yeah.
  I'm a different guy.
  Review the tapes.
  We have to review the tapes.
  The brain trust will meet.
  It feels pretty clear to me that the preference from the three of you would have been not tell the story and include it not tell a story and just play over it.
  Do you would have preferred if I just never told you the story.
  Oh that's a good question.
  I enjoyed the story.
  OK.
  I like tearing it.
  I almost wish that there was you had more.
  Are you sure that this is not.
  I don't know how to ask this way for editing part of it.
  But is this a situation where.
  All right.
  This is a story that happened in the bathroom and you thought you understood what was happening in a different stall.
  But remember this also happened to a guy.
  Wait no it was it was to Tom Arnold a gambler in a casino in the film Austin Powers International Man of Mystery where he what he thought he was hearing in the other stall is not what was happening at all.
  So maybe I can say that's not the case.
  Some involved with double entendres and misleads.
  I guess you know I'm saying I'm confident but I guess I could be wrong.
  It could have been like some sort of immersive performance.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  OK.
  I mean it says to me.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Is there a version of this where there's fits and starts of what we play.
  And just then it's like a radio dial is changing and if you hear a little zoom like bird.
  Or maybe you know a page on episode is just that disturbing.
  Well that'll be that'll launch our extra tier.
  That's more.
  Which is kind of about like you know shame and horror.
  That's right.
  Here for me having to listen to Green Day.
  It's where all of the worst shit goes.
  So the gumbo tier.
  Yeah.
  Come on here.
  Yeah maybe.
  I don't know.
  Well again this show I'm in show mode right now and I'm going to have to be in like editor mode later.
  So we're going to have to assess there.
  I'm not going to be able to to truly.
  Green Day story.
  Oh great.
  Yeah.
  Go ahead.
  So now this one I'm going to wish I hadn't heard this.
  I want the eternal sunshine.
  I'm going to cut it.
  I've even heard it.
  Now I'm going to now I'm like completely blanking as I bring it up.
  But anyway when it was my bar mitzvah.
  I we were looking at a band to play at my bar mitzvah.
  And there was a band that was like the cool band to play.
  And they played a Green Day song in like their like video.
  Oh yeah.
  So higher like the higher right.
  Right.
  And now this is where I was like mad myself because it's like their most iconic early song.
  Baskin Baskin.
  Do you have the time to listen to me.
  Yeah.
  And I saw that and we were moving forward and this is like very much I thought you guys would appreciate it as good boys because.
  Because I'm 13 years old.
  This is so embarrassing.
  But I was thinking it was my bar mitzvah and I was so worried because there's a line in that song that's like I went to a whore who said my life's a bore.
  Right.
  And I was just imagining they're going to play this at my bar mitzvah in front of my grandparents.
  And also I have been saying I'm like my parents like they don't know what Green Day is.
  They don't know about Basket Case.
  I am I'm like signing off on this band.
  The police are coming to Steven with this being dredged up today.
  I'm signing off on this band and it's going to scandalize my bar mitzvah.
  I was like losing sleep over this.
  So I knocked on my parents bedroom door at which in my memory at 2 a.
m.
  Probably like 11 p.
m.
  And I just said I know I know that you that you're maybe moving forward with this band but like we have an issue.
  And I lay the whole thing out.
  So I don't know if we can get a different band at this point or maybe just a DJ or maybe and they're just like oh you don't want them to play the song.
  OK we'll just tell them not to play the song.
  OK thank you.
  That was not on the table for you that there was an option to just not play that particular song.
  I don't know why I didn't.
  Yes well because honestly I mean it was the same this bar.
  I didn't I'll say maybe I was a stupid kid in the same way that you couldn't go to the real Green Day and say hey you're not playing Basket Case tonight.
  Right.
  I thought that this bar mitzvah man.
  Like they had a rider.
  Would be equally offended and choose to walk and was equally.
  You would be like.
  The song that got us here.
  Yeah.
  You're like Ed Sullivan telling the Rolling Stones to change the lyrics.
  Right exactly.
  I thought that they would walk.
  I thought that Fancy Pants would say.
  Listen here Susser you became a man today.
  That means we can kick your ass for talking to us like this.
  That's so great.
  So you thought that that line is that it's sort of like a movie where then everything like there's like a sudden distortion and everything goes.
  Why it never once stares at the band and then everyone stares at you.
  And then everyone either files out or starts hurling insults or like relatives cry.
  How could you do this to us.
  Yeah I think truly that is what I thought would happen.
  Like your grandparents are like hanging on every word of the song which is like fast and like if they're singing it like Billy Joe it's like a faux British accent that you can barely understand.
  They're loving it up till that point.
  Your grandparents love it so much.
  Right and I think I also too was like taking a lot like of course like I had no say really vote on like what the bar mitzvah band was.
  But I felt like the pressure that like my parents have included me in this decision.
  And I'm sitting there like signing off on this.
  And I have this information and yeah I had the shame that it would bring to my family and to me.
  It truly was very excommunicated from the religion.
  Yes.
  The only way it could have been better is if you went and consulted with a rabbi.
  Right.
  I mean that would have been good.
  There is a heavy toll on me.
  Lyrics printed out.
  Dukie CD.
  Excuse me Rabbi.
  I truly yeah I mean this is like Scott I mean like your you know crazy version of it is pretty close to what I imagine.
  I truly like would go was like going through the guest list and imagining each one of them.
  Each person's reaction to this scandalized lyric.
  She would be okay with it.
  Right.
  She would hate it.
  He'll be mad at me.
  Right.
  And me thinking that Green Day was this super cool underground thing that only me as a 13 year old.
  You know Montgomery County Maryland was the only one who was like hip to.
  What is this song you found.
  Like the number one song on the billboard.
  It's on the radio uncensored I'd imagine.
  Yeah.
  Maybe it depends on where you were but.
  Like your parents were about to hire Gigi Allen.
  I'm just going to take a shit on stage.
  The departments.
  We have a big problem here.
  I don't know what this man does and I didn't tell you.
  And now the bar mitzvah boys favorite group.
  He endorses every word in this song.
  If we had just watched Sesame Street for just a couple more years.
  Would it have dealt with any sort of developed neuroses like that.
  We just got a few more years of polite nice entertainment.
  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  The many issues of when you're booking a bar mitzvah band.
  Hey it's OK.
  It's probably not a problem.
  Set lists can change.
  I'm trying to find out if Green Day's been on Sesame Street.
  That's why I'm looking.
  That seems very possible.
  Sort of a rite of passage.
  I don't think they have.
  They're on the they were on the Simpsons on the grandest stage of all.
  The movie.
  Well that's true.
  Yes.
  The high point of the Simpsons.
  We know the movie.
  Got it.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Let me say a here's a little like let me go back into like founding of this place because I remember I'm like you know I didn't grow up because I'm on the other side of the country and I remember it being even it was clear to me like all right.
  Maybe in my life if I'm lucky I could go to Disney World.
  Right.
  But maybe.
  But I don't think that a trip to Pennsylvania specifically for this is on the table.
  I think my parents did kind of say like well that's maybe I don't know see as much as I would have liked like knowing there was a tangible Sesame Street place.
  So I just it was always it always just kind of lived in my imagination.
  I sort of I don't know if they ever talked about it on the show or showed a picture of it or what my how I was even aware of it.
  But my the vibe that I always got in those early days now it's pretty aligned with like bright happy current Sesame Street.
  But like I just remember being very like it's that early 80s brown the dull kind of muted vibe that I'm sort of obsessed with now.
  But if you watch any old video of it I don't know if anybody did but like it seemed just like the most kind of gentle still place and that didn't was not even ride centric Jason what you're saying about how it's like the acreage expanded.
  It was like pretty small and modest.
  Yeah.
  And like the characters represented there were these animatronics I guess but mainly it seems like you took a like a an escalator into Big Bird's mouth and he's still represented kind of abstractly and it feels very early 80s.
  It's not on brand.
  It's like a sort of odd minimalist Big Bird.
  I guess I'm just I'm saying all this to say like the vibe that I get of original Sesame Place is like it's not about rides and characters as much as these like like you climb up a vinyl pyramid.
  You know what I mean.
  Do you remember this your memory in your.
  Yeah I mean there is some one of the things that I remembered I think I texted Jason it like these like tree sculptures of the characters.
  Oh it's obi area.
  Yeah yeah yeah right.
  It's a big bird which is like cool but also yeah I think that kind of like what you want is it's a street and the characters are all around and all of that kind of stuff and like a dark ride that like feels like you're like going into bird and Ernie's like apartment or something like that.
  It's a madcap chase.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't really deliver.
  No.
  In all of that kind of way but it's still it's kind of nice because you know I don't know if you guys have had if you had similar experiences like when I went to Disney World as a first time I like didn't sleep for two days straight because I was just so like over simulate.
  Yeah yeah.
  Sesame Place is good because it's just not too much going on.
  And it's ever built it up over I ever said my parents notably as I was saying all that did not say there's the greatest place in the world and it is in Langhorn Pennsylvania and you would not just boy someday so it's never been built out you didn't build it up too much.
  Right.
  Yeah I mean I think that it would seem crazy to me to fly from like California to go to Sesame Place.
  It's like a good like regional theme park that like yeah you know if you're on the East Coast even like the Midwest.
  I could imagine if you're like oh well go to Philadelphia and also like make a day of going to Sesame like that doesn't seem crazy but to get on a plane to go to Sesame Place.
  That seems a little right.
  Right.
  It reminds me of when we had Mookie on and we're talking about the New Hampshire theme parks the park story land one of the executives or one of the people who run it describe the park in in the way that the park.
  How many hours to allow for the park.
  Well the park usually outlasts the kids meeting like the kids are going to tap out before you run out of rides and that definitely seems like the vibe of Sesame Place where like yeah you can get to maybe four hours max if you're taking real little little kids who are going to you know run towards the characters as soon as they see them you know and burn out a lot then and then if anything has a line or anything has a way you're going to lose them big time.
  Yeah I saw one tip about this park a YouTuber who did like you know 20 tips for Sesame Place said do the don't do the water rides first do the regular rides first do the water rides in the afternoon or later afternoon because everyone else usually does it the other way they go to the water rides when it's bright and sunny in the morning.
  Usually that sometimes the crowd shifts it seems like you did not do water rides.
  We only did well you know we maybe we watched the same video we took that advice but then it was like cold in the afternoon and then we're like well and the lines were never that bad so we did the lazy river and then a lot of the other unfortunately like I think either because of either because of covid and they don't want to like risk of it but I think more likely just being understaffed and under serviced like there's like a fun sprinkler area that they just didn't have open.
  Yeah right.
  Which would have been fun and then they had like you know water slides with like you know tubes and stuff which like our daughter is not going to go on that.
  Oh sure.
  So we didn't we just didn't do a ton of the water stuff but the lazy river was fun.
  Sure.
  I was starting to say I'll have to say like so just like the vibe that I always got from the place this early it always felt like sort of like like yeah like gentle and about like foam and like you're going through like you know like those those punching bags that you run through or like ropes  courses or those sort of nets that you climb and everything and ball pits and stuff and it always felt very for some reason it felt really Canadian to me like all the footage of it felt like so like sleepy and brown and just nice and you can tell this is not a hyperactive place.
  It's just kind of like and it's just it looks pleasant muted color forest greens and browns.
  So then I was looking up the guy who founded it not founded it but the guy who designed the park initially Eric McMillan is the name and it turns out this guy was a British guy sort of a fastidious John Cleese type apparently who moved to Canada and did installations for cancel culture.
  Don't look at the tweets.
  I don't know why he's doing it.
  No like this guy did installations for like Canadian World's Fairs and Expos and the kinds of things that I like that I get such a pleasant like you could smell from those.
  Yeah.
  I just always had the vibe right.
  There's a thing up in Toronto called Ontario Place.
  There was like a big kids area and it has like a very epicotti dome where they showed IMAX stuff and he designed that and that was such a hit.
  I guess this guy is credited with kind of reinventing what kids play areas were.
  He's called the sort of creepy phrase father of soft play.
  He's considered very very creepy.
  If you want to redact that one too we could take out father of soft play.
  But anyway just the crazy thing is he likes this like kind of abstract design like and you know just places that are visually stimulating and that seemed like the point of it more is like here's little challenges for kids and weird environments for them to be in.
  Among which apparently in the 70s when this guy's building different places he he I what I'm getting at is I think this guy invented the ball pit.
  What?  The guy who designed the initial plans of Sesame Place initially called a ball crawl.
  Wow.
  But this like did not exist like the guy he was looking at like he said like a like a jar of pickles or something it was tightly packed and he said like what if a kid could dive through something like this and it's not just like it's not being in a pool it's solids but you're in a pool of solids basically.
  But it's definitely pickles.
  Yeah and then they tried to fill up a big thing with pickles and they gave it again.
  They couldn't replenish.
  I know the pickle thing is right.
  Jason is furiously scribbling down notes now.
  Pickle pool.
  How can I make this happen.
  My memory of it from as a kid is I don't know if this was here in Disneyland or if it was in Florida.
  You know the honey I shrunk the kids land.
  The play land.
  Yeah that was kind of the closest Disney thing the vibe of Sesame Place.
  Those smells all the soft padding everywhere.
  Like interesting things to look at and to crawl around and to play.
  Yeah.
  With this ball pit thing then what I realized because I saw a sign that said something like this when I was down in the Sesame Street area in San Diego and it turns out what now is called the Sesame Street Bay of Play was this thing this guy designed called Capri.
  Kids much like the oft referenced weird buffet that is closed on Harbor Boulevard.
  But that that place where I was this was now Sesame Street place was the site of the first ball pit ever in the world.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  And I was there and I even noted I said in the episode there is a thing that seemed like all it was is like five pieces of foam that some mean brothers were playing with.
  I think what that was at one point in time was the first ball pit ever.
  So that's all kind of a mind blow to me.
  But also that ball pits didn't exist until the 70s.
  And then I guess if you think about it is kind of a psychedelic right thing in a way.
  It's sort of a heady trippy thing to do.
  But like I would never have guessed that ball pits are that recent of an invention.
  It makes sense now you're saying but I never even thought about it because like I don't think there's I've seen some 60s footage of it.
  60s footage of kids playing in a bunch of plastic balls.
  No.
  Yeah.
  It just kind of became ubiquitous so fast.
  And the rise of Chuck E Cheese and all.
  And grew and grew.
  And something else in this park I noticed that that's come up when we've done smaller parks or regional parks before.
  It seems like Dippin Dots has cornered the market like every midsize or smaller or Nate like kind of smaller theme park.
  Non Disney Universal.
  Non Disney Universal.
  Autumn and not that universal I think sometimes has Dippin Dots but the smaller parks there's always a Dippin Dots stand.
  They they and I remember like at the Jersey Shore like them giving out samples of that when I was a kid and they're like pitching they're explaining it.
  This is hard.
  These are little ice cream dots.
  It's frozen colder than ice cream.
  It's the ice cream of the future.
  Like you know and that and then and then it was everywhere very quickly.
  Yeah.
  Do you think like you know like a serious radio or a serious XM or whatever like they basically the only reason they're around is because they meet deals with like car makers and they like force you to like listen to it.
  Like that's how they've been able to survive.
  You think it's a similar situation where nobody really likes Dippin Dots.
  It's just convenience of like the satellite radio is in your car with a bunch of companies and then that's really where they like they're surviving off that just like that money that they're getting every year.
  Probably.
  It's possible.
  Your contract.
  I think they definitely make money on people forgetting they have the service.
  A lot of these build every month services are.
  Can I ask a sincere question?  Were you when we're talking about the balls were you thinking of this is a good connection because these are littler colorful balls?  No I wish.
  I wish I went I mean maybe subconsciously I was.
  Because honestly it was like I was like where does this transition oh they're like littler balls.
  I just remember as a kid going to amusement parks and theme parks and the ball pits just getting bigger and bigger and more elaborate and more like.
  It's kind of gone the other way now I have like a personal little ball pit for my daughter.
  Which is like which when I was a kid I was like people didn't I don't think people really had that.
  No.
  Now it's like an easy thing that like most people I know it's not like a huge thing it's just like it folds out and you throw them balls and it's like.
  But how often do you see a big sprawling ball pit.
  Those are kind of out of fashion Disneyland completely stopped doing them.
  Due to poops.
  Pooping and dinneries and fights and I mean does anybody not like a ball pit from their childhood.
  I was obsessed with it.
  There was this place this kind of maybe it's kind of like Discovery Zone did you guys have that.
  Oh sure yeah.
  We in high school.
  This is nuts that this was allowed.
  They would allow I guess at night you could just rent it out.
  Yes.
  As like older kids.
  Yes.
  And my this is dorky.
  But my male Jewish youth group.
  Rented it out and this is and my it had been I guess what we would do in the Discovery Zone was just have like fake wrestling matches.
  Of course yeah.
  Because it's like foam and bubbles.
  Yeah.
  And two of my this is one of the best things I ever witnessed in high school was two of my friends like they had been building up that they were going to wrestle each other.
  And like they're going to have this big thing like the Discovery Zone like event.
  It was my friend Jonah and my friend Ben and Jonah shows up first and he's like he has like he bought like a novelty belt that he was like the champion.
  And then and he was like all like it's on like music or something.
  He's really ready.
  Ben shows up and he has crutches and he's like I'm sorry.
  I like twisted my ankle.
  I can't do it.
  Like I'm just here to hang.
  And everyone's kind of bummed but I was like oh it happens.
  The whole night goes by and we have fun.
  We like goof around whatever.
  Everybody's leaving.
  And he takes the crutches and knocks Jonah into the ball pit and just jumps on him.
  It was the best thing I think I had ever witnessed.
  I was delighted by it.
  Yeah it's great.
  There's no yeah no that's incredible.
  The whole night of playing apart.
  Yes it's insane that they just were like yeah like this is like a kid's play zone in the morning.
  But yeah if you like you know this group of like 17 year old Jewish boys want to beat each other up for sure.
  Go nuts.
  Just wail on you in front of a big stick.
  Do an angle.
  They want to do an angle later.
  A trick.
  Oh god that's great.
  Backing up to Dippin Dots.
  I tweeted about this so maybe you get some but I not at Sesame Place at the zoo there was a Dippin Dots stand where I got Dippin Dots for my daughter because it was just like oh this is something fun I guess.
  I don't know.
  She didn't seem to care for it too much.
  But then the woman in front of me in line.
  The funniest special request I've ever heard in my life was do you have any of the ice cream without the dots?  Completely perplexing to the to the people there.
  This is the whole thing.
  Well Ma'am if you leave them in the sun for like 20 seconds you're going to have regular ice cream.
  She just thought there were dots on regular ice cream I assume.
  Yes I think that's what she thought.
  She thought that it was like the topping.
  Right the dots were the topping.
  I guess Dippin Dots without dots you could call impossible dots.
  Oh you guys got impossible dots?  Let's start winding it down here I suppose.
  Do we miss anything from your childhoods?  Any odd factoids?  Any ways to make this place better or are there plus ups?  Clearly Dark Rides and stuff would be great.
  It really deserves a fully like thought out and I don't mean it in a scary dark twisted way but a Horror Nights style maze.
  That's really what it like a fully immersive you start out on the street and then you go in and there's rooms with the characters.
  You have interactions with all of them.
  There are things you've seen on the show.
  I don't know what like locations they have on the show anymore because I would say oh it's like with Grover and the waiter and stuff.
  But that's obviously kids that they don't maybe one for the parents at the end like that.
  But like you go through and there'd be different experiences like that.
  The thing would be like 45 minutes.
  I feel like you could double the amount of money you charge maybe and like that probably the kid would come away and saying like was your brother that once said this is the greatest day of my life?  Yeah.
  Something interesting that I forgot to mention no televisions in the park.
  There's no actual Sesame Street.
  Interesting.
  And there's not they're just like lazily showing episodes or movies somewhere.
  That's kind of nice.
  The one big thing we didn't mention the Sesame Place the first theme park in the world designated as a certified autism center.
  Yeah.
  So all the employees receive training on sensory awareness and social skills.
  They're quiet rooms.
  There's sensory guides that guests can get noise canceling headphones for auditory auditory sensitivity.
  And I just think that's nice.
  I just think that's a great thing that they went out of the way and did.
  Yeah.
  That's really cool.
  That's a cool move to make and to realize that you could do.
  And that's going to be true of the other one I believe.
  Yeah I think so.
  Funny thing about the other one.
  So Sesame Place is opening in San Diego.
  It's taking over the Aquatica water park.
  Yeah.
  Which itself took over a not soaked city.
  So this is multiple generations of water parks.
  We I think Jane brought it up but I looked it up and she said oh is Aquatica next to SeaWorld and I was like oh no it's about 23 miles away.
  Because they just took over an existing theme park.
  It's very it's much it's like way more south like much closer to the Mexico border.
  Yeah.
  So but one of the posts I saw about it so it was supposed to open 2021.
  Obviously construction delays kind of happened everywhere.
  Because in the contract it said this park will open in 2021 because it has not on paper.
  SeaWorld may technically oh Sesame Workshop something like two thousand dollars a day.
  Until it opens.
  Until it opens.
  The person commenting on this from SeaWorld was like we're hoping to work something out because two thousand dollars times 365.
  Yeah that starts to really add up.
  Wow.
  Two thousand.
  Four thousand.
  Wow.
  Well that's what happens when the other side has Grover and Count doing the contract.
  They picked the right people.
  They picked the right muppets.
  I don't know what I mean.
  Where do you go over there?  You know what I think Evan says you survived podcast.
  Thanks so much.
  That was a plus.
  Thanks for having me.
  I'm going to the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  No.
  Add Evan Susser on Twitter I guess.
  It was recently hacked but I got my Twitter account back.
  Oh yeah you were hacked.
  That was weird.
  You're on Doughboys.
  Yeah I'm on Doughboys.
  You'll be around for something.
  If you like this you'll find more stuff from me.
  You'll do it Google.
  Yeah do it Google.
  I'm doing some of this game stuff where I'm making them come to me.
  That's good.
  Make them work for it.
  Bernada you came directly to us which I appreciate.
  I love the podcast and I wanted to be back on and talk about Sesame.
  Play with you and see you guys again.
  We did it and we did the full day to night.
  Now it's a nice summer evening.
  I hope nobody's getting too bit.
  Once I put the spray on my legs I'm doing all right.
  Evan Susser and I actually just ate at the Jurassic Cafe not long ago.
  So maybe we can come back and talk about that.
  We did eat at the Jurassic Cafe.
  Wait you just came from?  Not today.
  I was going to meet him up at City Walk and I go you know because we both have passes.
  We could go down and eat in the park.
  So we did.
  We went on no rides.
  You only went to the direct to and is that the name of the main restaurant down there?  Is it?  Am I wrong?  Yeah no that's correct.
  That's right yeah.
  Okay.
  That's it.
  That function is just a dinner.
  I fell sick afterwards.
  You fell sick afterwards.
  I felt like oh this could go wrong but then it settled itself.
  It was fine.
  We ate on the top of the Jurassic Cafe.
  Nice spot obviously.
  I mean that I love.
  Great view.
  And then yeah then we left.
  Okay.
  Well it seems like we did the episode.
  Did we?  I say yes.
  Okay so you can find us on all the socials at Podcast the Ride.
  Merch is available in our T public store and for three bonus episodes every month check  out Podcast the Ride the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  And you know maybe to I don't know how much this is going to play.
  I'll post I'll try to post this as a video but there's I think just as a little play  out there's a weird video on YouTube called One Day at Sesame Place that just kind of  takes you around like all the facades the employees and the kids and what it's like  when it closes and and they show you a little bit of a show and this is just a really strange  moment where the thing that's happening in the show seems to be that Big Bird is trying  to say the names of everybody who's in attendance and that's a tall order for a tall bird.
  You can't figure out how to do it.
  So he but I still don't understand how it jumps to this point where a song starts playing  and just imagine Big Bird pop locking is what's happening here and then he picks up his pursuit.
  I don't this one's hard to explain.
  Just I'll play it for you guys.
  It's a musical way out.
  This is this is really odd.
  So thanks for listening.
  Bye bye.
  Audience delighted with pop locking Beverly Hills cop Big Bird.
  I mean I'm delighted.
  I'm wearing pants.
  This is like some piece of abstract video art.
  Axel B.
  Sounds slowed down.
  Yeah.
  It's like a vapor wave.
  Like ET.
  It's ET at the end of the word.
  I stole it from this.
  I love that.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at Forever Dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
