 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate,  a show we haven't recorded in a while  because one of the hosts lost their voice  from partying too hard in Orlando, Florida.
  I'm Scott Gardner, I'm That Guy,  and I'm joined by Mike Carlson, hi.
  Wow, that's another nickname for you on the show, That Guy.
  Yeah, I guess you could say I'm That Guy.
  I guess you could say, yeah, so you, man,  you have the most, you might have more nicknames  and alias than even Jason or I.
  I mean, if you count me turning into Chukko the Clown  as in those times where I can't tell you much about them  but where I sort of zone out and am inhabited by a clown,  seems like that happens.
  You're an edge lord, you're that guy.
  And I'm That Guy.
  Yeah, yeah, he's willing to party so hard  he loses his voice even though he's a podcaster.
  I guess he's That Guy.
  That's how brazen That Guy is.
  Hi, Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Yeah, Scott, you're kind of like,  he's either gonna be referenced on an upcoming episode  or is about to be, or was just referenced on an episode.
  You're kind of like wrestling legend Mick Foley  who had like multiple different personas,  multiple different alias.
  Yeah, the three faces, they call him the three faces of Foley.
  It was Mankind, Dood, Love and Cactus Jack.
  And they were all different.
  So yeah, you have a similar thing going here now.
  Mine is Edgelord, That Guy and Chukko.
  Yeah.
  That guy, I mean, That Guy,  you really should start doing YouTube.
  You've talked about YouTube face,  like whatever, YouTube thumbnail face before.
  And That Guy definitely has the best YouTube thumbnail face.
  For sure.
 I mean, I'm good at that.
  I'm good at stretching out the whites of the eyes  to where they take up, to where you can barely  see the pupils.
  Yeah, so I love it.
  I'll keep stretching and then that's, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, That Guy on theme parks, I guess,  or really whatever I want.
  Vape pens.
  Vape, yeah.
  Not doing masks anymore.
  Carl Wilson's coat, is it Carl Wilson's coat?  Oh yeah, that's right.
  Oh no, I could do multiple videos  about Carl Wilson's cool green jacket, yeah.
  I was just thinking about that and I was thinking,  I wonder if he's gonna actually get the jacket  because I really want you to.
  I mean, if I knew a place that had a jacket like that,  I guess if I could find the source  or if I went into a vintage store  that had something of that nature,  I wouldn't say no.
  I just don't know where to begin.
  I think I'll look for it.
  There's no store that specifically markets itself  as beach boy fashion.
  I mean, in terms of, I guess if I wanted to dress  like Mike Love and wear like bright orange caps,  I would have to shop at, I don't know, truck stops.
  I guess that mystery.
  Yeah, that's easier to find than the mythical jacket,  but we'll find the jacket.
  I think a listener will find the jacket  or I will find the jacket, we'll Google, we'll figure it out.
  Let me know, you gotta find the video.
  He was wearing it in like the early eighties.
  Okay.
  No one's looking this up, who would do this?  There's a few people.
  In the meantime, you can focus on doing videos  about streaming remakes, ruining childhoods.
  That seems to be an evergreen goldmine.
  That seems to be.
  Well, that, I mean, I don't want,  look, we got a lot to cover on this episode,  but yes, I think I have been following  since we did He-Man episode.
  I have been following the discourse  and some people are unhinged.
  Some people really.
  Yeah.
  Wait a minute, we talked about all that  and then you chose to pursue more of it?  You dove into the pool?  It was a trending topic and I was like,  oh, let's see what people are saying about He-Man.
  And I was like, oh, okay, oh, cool.
  January 6th rhetoric, awesome, very cool.
  What is funny about this is I hope,  there's a person I follow,  I followed on Twitter for a long time  and it's just a very casual acquaintance  that was very riled up about it.
  So he was the primary source.
  It was just popping up into my feed  because he was posting so much  about being mad about He-Man.
  And I was like, oh, this guy I haven't talked to  in a decade, he's really upset that like  the character Tila isn't making him as horny anymore.
  That's what I could just like figure out from his tweets  that he's mad about like Tila has shorter hair now  and he likes Tila with longer hair.
  So he was tweeting up a storm  and yeah, I didn't even choose to do it.
  But then once I saw it, I was following it very closely.
  I guess if your childhood is so like thinly on the cusp  of being ruined at all times,  then maybe it wasn't that good of a childhood.
  Nope, shut up.
  No, no, don't say that.
  Shut the hell up.
  That's one haircut away.
  If there's a new turtles  and they don't write the leatherhead character correctly,  I will be very upset and it will wreck my year.
  If April is not the right measurements,  if April does not have the same hip size  that she did when I was young, I am very upset.
  That's not how you feel about the show.
  It's how you feel about the toys.
  Well, that's true.
  The toys actually do have to be cartoon accurate.
  They just have to be, it's more about accuracy.
  It's not about like putting her in any kind of box  or putting any of the characters in that kind of box.
  The toys I'll throw a fucking fit.
  Yeah, yeah, for sure.
  If they don't look right,  they don't look like I, when I-  It would be justified.
  Look, I'm very, I missed a lot of discourse  and I'm very happy that I did because I got out of here.
  I busted out of this joint.
  I went on not just one, but two great vacations.
  Some of the best trips that I've had in recent memory.
  And I'm gonna do a little trip report here  about both of them because both of them  are theme park oriented,  which means that both of them are tax write-offs.
  And I have to fulfill that end of the bargain  by doing my report here.
  And all I can point in any audit case to this episode.
  So thank you audience and Michael Jason  for letting me provide this evidence.
  Of course, yes.
  Everything, and now that we just talked a little bit  about toys, I'm writing those off too.
  You're fine.
  Jason, I don't, I mean, you know,  we did talk about that actor's cup that you got.
  So that's the main way.
  This has been tax advantageous to you.
  And we talk about ham all.
  What was that, what was he again?  Oh, we talk, yeah, what's the actor, Jason?  We talk about ham.
 What's that?  I was gonna say, we talk about ham all the time too,  so you can write off all your ham purchases,  which is nice.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
 Joseph Cotton, the great Joseph Cotton  from the third man in Citizen Kane, Shadow of a Doubt.
  Yes.
 Right, right.
  I bought an old ashtray of his at an estate sale.
  Yeah.
  So when he future Joseph Cotton related purchases  are justified and maybe in this Carl Wilson jacket.
  Anyway, point is two great trips.
  I'm riding high.
  I'm feeling so great from these things  after so many months of pandemic and work and parenthood.
  It was great.
  One of them, the first one of which was a family trip.
  And in fact, the first family trip  since we have had our son, this is his very first vacation  and therefore his very first theme park.
  That's kind of big actually.
  I may be burying the lead.
  And all the times since I had this kid,  I can now say he's been on a theme park, been on a ride.
  What did I do? Where did I take it?  This is a momentous thing.
  This is a big stat for me.
  That guy, that theme park guy.
  Where did I take my son for the first time?  Was it Disney? Was it Universal?  It ended up being Sea World San Diego, a dark horse,  a black fish coming out of nowhere.
  Wow.
 I thought I was going to make the first black fish reference,  but I guess it's fitting the one who went should make it.
  We were both like shaking, just like, who's going to get there?  Where is he going to get me?  No, well, you got to get it out of the way.
  And, you know, is that why I was there to watch captive animals?  Of course, I wanted to teach my son that animals are to be trapped.
  And we are superior to them.
  And he needed to know that.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So I turned him throughout the day and say, son, we are superior to the beasts.
  And I think I think the lesson made it through.
  He died.
 I sensed a nod.
  I sensed he knew what I was saying.
  He was he like started killing a lot of more like bugs when you got home.
  He was like stomping on ants.
  And God, you're right.
 You know what?  Yes.
 And I've sent you all those videos of it.
  And I'm only now putting it together that it's because my lesson got through.
  You sent us 12 videos of him killing insects, pulling the wings off of flies.
  Figure out the magnifying glass thing.
  If you could stop sending those, that'd be awesome.
  I like to stop when he stops, when he's done, he'll tell me.
  OK, you can keep sending me.
 I'll see a few more.
  OK, Michael, stay on.
 OK, I'll remove Jason from the chain.
  Anyway, no.
 Why?  Why San Diego? Why? Why SeaWorld?  The answer is one word.
 The word is Elmo.
  I don't know if I've really said this on the show,  and I think a lot of other parents would reciprocate this.
  Elmo has a really magical hold over small children.
  I think maybe we're all tempted.
  We might all be of the generation where we would say like, Elmo, I mean,  that's isn't that a little a little broad, a little lowest common denominator?  I mean, Grover was much more clever with his waiter sketches.
  And I guess it's still how I feel with my own taste.
  But like watching the way Elmo leaps off the screen  and just plants himself in a child's brain, it's eerie.
  It's like setting off a signal that turns someone into an assassin.
  It's the other world.
  Yeah, yes.
 Elmo Manchurian candidates, children so far.
  Not like not for anything bad, I don't think, but he could.
  If they like they could like switch the mission at some point  and then all toddlers would rise up.
  And it was immediate like you were when you showed him like Sesame Street  for the first time, was it truly like all the other characters?  Like he could have taken her left like he didn't care.
  And then Elmo showed up and he was like, holy crap.
  Like, do you remember that kind of moment or was it just sort of slowly?  All of a sudden you were like the character he's responding to is Elmo.
  I think that it may have all come out of Elmo's world  and Elmo's world compilations on YouTube, where Elmo is mostly.
  Well, there was a toy.
  He really liked a toy and then Elmo's world.
  We were watching a lot of where he's pretty much solo,  except for his smartphone friend Smarty.
  And then is it he does have.
  Yes, I can break that news to you.
  I don't I'm not aware of Smarty.
  No, Smarty's around and Smarty will like kind of bop around in the air  and change aspect ratio much like Quibi.
  Smarty invented the Quibi technology.
  It's all fine, except for Mr.
 Noodle.
  Anybody know Mr.
 Noodle offhand?  No, Mr.
 Noodle.
  I got to look this up.
  Mr.
 Noodle is like a sort of a like a performative mime type character  who will say hi to Elmo through the window, which it's like unwatchable.
  Oh, my gosh.
  It should not be.
  Maybe this falls into the clown category for me.
  I'm no fan of Mr.
 Noodle.
  He has a lot of like relatives that show up and are also called Mr.
 Noodle.
  Wow.
  It's just like.
  He looks like Riff Taylor.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Kind of like big like rouge makeup.
  I find him profoundly irritating.
  I wonder if there's other parents who have the same thing like Elmo eat it up.
  Mr.
 Noodle just slice them all out.
  Can we just invent a button that extracts all Mr.
 Noodle from all the Elmos?  Wow, he's he's Bill or Broadway actor Bill Irwin.
  Yes, who seems fine.
  He seems good.
  He's in Popeye.
  He's Harold Hamgravy and Robert Allman's Popeye.
  Wow, Jason, this guy's your hero.
  Wow.
  That's one of your favorite characters in fiction.
  Harold Hamgravy.
  Harold Hamgravy.
  His sisters are played by Kristin Chenoweth and Alana Glazer.
  So like.
  I haven't seen Chenoweth.
  I've seen Alana.
  Hamgravy really the the headline of this though.
  Really, we do all of us about that Popeye movie and village and not talk about Harold Hamgravy.
  How do we miss Harold Hamgravy?  Jason, are you familiar with the Popeye character Harold Hamgravy?  You are a big Popeye guy and I've never heard that name before.
  I think I just keep becoming a bigger Popeye guy.
  The longer and longer we do this show and like the more and more people start posting  like vintage clips of it.
  And I think it started as like many things started as kind of a joke.
  And now I'm slowly going all in.
  I don't know Harold Hamgravy.
  Wow.
  It sends me a lot of links to elaborate Popeye toys that are slowly being rolled out.
  And I'm just waiting for Wimpy.
  Like there's a lot.
  They're doing a lot of deep cut characters.
  A very lean man for someone with the name of Hamgravy.
  Yeah, and he looks like he's a sad guy.
  He's crying in this photo.
  Extremely sad.
  Yeah.
  Kind of whooping over.
  Wow.
  Poor Hamgravy.
  Anyway, the legendary Bill Irwin.
  Well, if Hamgravy showed up in Elmo, maybe it'd be fine.
  Yeah.
  That's a whole other thing.
  Anyway, look, the point of all this is Elmo is a real hold on many children.
  And I realized this is like, SeaWorld San Diego is the closest place that I could go  with an Elmo presence.
  And maybe this can be where I like, there are physical manifestations of characters  that he watches on TV.
  This sounds great.
  So we go down there.
  We're staying at this like wonderful, like fake Hawaiian Polynesian type hotel.
  Love that.
  The whole vacation was great.
  The whole thing was done for SeaWorld and yet we made the mistake of like sluiding it  all after his nap.
  And then we had two like massive, well, not Erin, she's a vegetarian, but I had a  massive brick of a carnitas burrito.
  So now we're napping essentially.
  The weather is getting hotter and hotter.
  How much do we really want to go to SeaWorld?  I think we had to wake our son up from his nap in order to do this.
  Come on, we're going, we gotta go have fun.
  So we're a little, we're maybe not the most primed for SeaWorld, a theme park that  we don't have a lot of specific interest in.
  Pull in $30 parking, outrageous parking.
  What?  Yeah, yeah, come on.
  Oh my God.
  How are they more than the other, for SeaWorld.
  Get the fuck out of here.
  Come on.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And we're, and like, and you're parking super far away.
  It's not like, it's one of the only theme parks I've seen where it is just the giant  lot.
  They never built like a nicer garage or anything.
  It's just the endless lot that goes and goes.
  Is there at least a manta ray on one of the signs that indicate where you parked?  Like, is there something fun at least for your $30?  They measure it out by the different animals' eggs, but how can I tell the different shapes  if I haven't been in there yet?  I don't know what a smelt egg is versus a goldfish egg.
  Twelve rows of cars is like one egg.
  Just put the word on there.
  It's not like a kasha extra by the letter.
  Don't just show me the egg shape.
  We're not parked by the smelt egg.
  We're parked by the mollusk.
  The shell lot is different than the egg lot.
  I know they look the same in silhouette, but anyways, so like, you know, I don't know if  we're like falling in love with SeaWorld.
  This is going exactly.
  We can hit SeaWorld at a later date.
  We'll see.
  Maybe you guys will go and fall in love with the place.
  But we basically make our way in, hand the ticket to the San Diego teens who are talking  about tripping as we are checking in.
  Wow, that day out six flags you immediately.
  Watch out Valencia teens.
  Mission Bay teens are the new teens to beat.
  But again, it's all fine because we are just making a beeline.
  And because of the late nap, we are maybe running out of Sesame Street material, which  they have slaughtered.
  I don't know what the Sesame Street things were in the morning.
  They are all from two to four p.
m.
  in this particular window where it is hot as balls.
  Oh, my God, it's insane.
  All at Mission Bay is like all by this big like by a big lake.
  I said, you're in the bay.
  It's really cool, really breezy.
  Weather's great.
  Actually, much better than L.
A.
 SeaWorld itself only.
  It's just blazing hot.
  But not not a breeze in sight.
  It's just lacking in shit.
  Like I don't feel the best about SeaWorld.
  If anyone has fond feelings about SeaWorld San Diego, please tell me so that I can like  the next time I go, I'll go in with a different mindset.
  But again, none of this matters because we're just making a bit like how much of the Sesame  Street stuff can we fit in and we're worried that we're running late and we're not going  to be able to get to all of it.
  But we are just in time.
  We are essentially the last people before Big Bird says goodbye.
  And I get to have this moment of my son knows a character from television and meets the  character and it is very real.
  It's pretty crazy.
  It's they aren't like he's not like super joy.
  He's not super scared or anything.
  It's just he just looks like he got hit in the head with a brick.
  It's just so confusing.
  They like what do you mean?  You're here.
  But then he walks up and just points right in Big Bird's face and goes, what?  Which I take in his language to mean I know you.
  And he was correct.
  And then and with that nonverbal initiation, Big Bird responds with a weird, solemn bow.
  He just silently bows forward.
  Yes.
  Very strange.
  I assume because if the suit is the same way that it is on the show and there's just like  and there's a big, you know, like your arm is up holding the head.
  And then what else can you do really?  And I sense that maybe these are also tripping teens and not people with the physical dexterity  of a carol spinny.
  But I could be wrong.
  It was an excellent bow.
  It was like a beautiful up and down.
  Very textbook.
  And Big Bird doesn't talk or anything.
  Not in this setting.
  No, these are these are meet and greets.
  There is a little meet and greet area in an area that, by the way, I haven't said is called  the Sesame Street Bay of Play.
  And there may be this land and different sea worlds.
  It's all kind of built around a big boat and that'll come into play and kind of the climax  of all of this.
  But for now, we're pretty much we're in this like we're in this meet and greet zone.
  And in this area, I will declare my son's pick of the park.
  According to my 15 month old, if you go to SeaWorld San Diego and you can only do one  thing, it should be this.
  The five tin signs with pictures of Elmo and Cookie Monster on them.
  That's the best thing there is to do there.
  He's super engrossed in this.
  This is something I could have bought him at home and not taken him all the way down  there to do.
  He's seeing like, you know, penguins and belugas and stuff elsewhere in the park.
  Who cares?  There are tin signs and they have Elmo on them.
  So that was that was worth the trip.
  Just that.
  They are signs, of course, tied to a social distancing chain.
  This being the lens that all children have to greet the world in for the next little  bit.
  Wow.
 Is there no there is not an Elmo meet and greet?  I believe that we missed the Elmo.
  I believe that he napped through the specific Elmo meet and greet.
  So he didn't really get an Elmo moment.
  But that doesn't mean there was no Elmo.
  He did get a moment with with the count with Count Von Count.
  That was pretty exciting.
  He really loved me in the count.
  The count held up two fingers, you know, like I consider it like counting, but it was  also sort of Ringo esque.
  So that's funny.
  He said, oh, we'd say it one more time and then say, ha ha ha.
  Two piece and loves.
  So that was cool.
  Then we like again, it is blazing hot.
  So we immediately go to an area where there is a lot of shade, something that seems like  it was at one point a ball pit, but is now just like a an empty pit that has six pieces  of foam, just like willy nilly.
  And I'm not talking about big.
  I'm talking about like the size of a cinder block.
  And they're just kind of rolling around.
  There were two very mean brothers just aggressively fighting with the blocks of foam.
  There's no characters on the phone.
  I'm confused by those as a mystery characters.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The two mean brothers, the two mean brothers, the two dirty boys.
  Wow.
  I just haven't been watching enough lately.
  Well, yeah, he got to meet the two dirty boys.
  I do like this.
  We just like we ducked into shade just like for us and give him a little snack like because  this is awful out there.
  And he just immediately walks away and goes back to the count.
  Like there's a protocol.
  There's a line, but he just gets away from us and he's just right back in the counts  face, which I really enjoyed because if I were him, why would I stay back with my parents  who I see all the time?  I know that the count from the Sesame Street, the count is around the corner.
  Why would I not go be with him?  He should take me home.
  I should be his kid now.
  The count is famous.
  The count is very famous.
  He doesn't like just a niche podcast.
  My dad's like a famous YouTuber.
  Yeah, he's like, yeah, he's that guy on YouTube.
  He talks about Carl Wilson jackets, but that's not count famous.
  But this count guy has had a 50 year career on TV.
  Unbroken.
  Immortal.
  He's likely immortal.
  He probably, yeah, beyond that, yeah, you're right.
  He'll live for thousands of years at least.
  I don't believe that well.
  I rule these wastelands, but if I am the only one left alive, what am I ruling?  A kingdom of dust?  I'll see the blood and die.
  I'll be here when it dies.
  One.
  One.
  Do you space for me, I guess?  Were you concerned the count would bite him and turn him immortal as well?  I was going to say, well, I was going to say, unfortunately, he did stay back with the count.
  He now is, he lives with the count and he's dressed in a little count costume.
  And I guess I got to go back there and fight the count.
  And that's the only way.
  But I'm cowardly and I only care about my work and my big cell phone.
  So I don't know if I have it in me to go off to that magical world and fight for my son.
  I just realized now, like, yeah, you should actually dress him in a little count.
  And at the very least, like Eddie Munster when he's old enough.
  Oh, that's true.
  That's really, I was just watching Munster go home on 2B two nights ago.
  And I was like, that's a Munster's film.
  Yeah, that's a film.
  That's where Herman's English relatives bring the family out because they're going to get a big inheritance and they go on a boat to England.
  But they but it's in color.
  So you really get to see like the it's like a bright purple Eddie Munster of.
  And I was like, this is he's got little short pants.
  I feel like you have a little son.
  You got to at least a couple of times dress him like Eddie Munster.
  I was going to say the only problem is when you have to constantly invite him into his own home  so that he can cross the threshold on the front door.
  OK, well, after briefly getting my son out of the clutches of the count, at least for the afternoon, we well, then we got to go on.
  This is this is pretty exciting.
  Like, I feel like it's all buried within within this episode that this is my this is my baby since first ride.
  This is my first time on a real ride.
  I mean, if you count the I was talking about the train and travel town, there was that.
  But this is a you know, this is a themed a character attraction, which I think, you know, it has its own, you know, that that's a big stat.
  I feel.
 And that ride is my first real ride with my son is a ride called Elmo's Flying Fish.
  So it is an Elmo ride.
 That's cool.
 Really lit up when we walked up to it.
  I might encourage you guys to look at photos of Elmo's flying fish if you if you care to.
  Just so you get a sense of it.
  And there's no real like premise listed for Elmo's flying fish.
  But as you'll see, I believe that the idea of the ride is that Elmo has genetically fused himself with a number of animal species.
  Oh, my God, I'm looking at this now.
  Isn't that isn't it strange?  It's like a perverse, like straight.
  Yeah, like a nightmare scenario where you're like having Elmo dreams, but he's turning into animals.
  There's like a dog Elmo.
 There's a cat Elmo.
  There's like this one.
 There's like a medieval night.
  Yes, I'm seeing that there's a night.
 Not an animal.
  But then it's all it's called them as flying fish.
  So I guess in some way they're fish, too, like maybe they have fins.
  I'm not sure or tails.
  But then, yes, clearly they're dogs or tigers.
  There's a lot going on here.
  What's interesting is like some of them, like, for instance, the cat, the cat one looks like you could say, OK, Elmo is dressed up like a cat.
  He's drawn whiskers on his face.
  He's drawn a little sort of cat nose on his Elmo nose.
  But then you look at the pig one.
  Elmo has a pig nose in that one and is just maybe a pig, maybe half Elmo, half pig.
  The amount of Elmo within the animals is inconsistent.
  It varies from fish to fish.
  Like, how also is it fish?  I think it's really it's it's all like the island of Dr.
  El Muro.
  That's what it really should be called.
  Yeah, there's definitely one that's a car with Elmo with a slightly smaller Elmo sitting on top of the car.
  I don't think I knew that one.
  Oh, my God.
  No, that's a joke.
  That's a Marlon Brando.
  It's I see.
  Playing a piano.
  Yes, playing a piano.
  If you guys are wearing cheese cloth.
  Oh, yeah.
  Drapes.
  Yeah.
  If you guys could look at the dog Elmo, I don't know if you're seeing what I'm seeing.
  Like a little, little right.
  Yeah, yeah, for sure.
  Yeah.
  Dog Elmo looks like Hitler mustache.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Oh, my gosh.
  That too.
  It's an odd place.
  It's all it's all very strange.
  How has Hitler's mustache as well?  There's a couple of almost who just have like the bottom of his nose like this painted black, which makes it look like he has a little mustache.
  So, yeah, he yeah, he didn't mean that to be like clown lips on some of them, too.
  It's all it's all kind of freakish.
  This is I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I have a feel.
  I don't you don't know what your baby is dreaming about, but I would assume that it's all been dreams about this ever since.
  Maybe just maybe like hybrids.
  Everything he sees on the street and then TV now from Alan, he's going to fuse with Elmo and his dreams.
  And a fish.
  Elmo and a fish.
  They're two steps of fusion.
  Right, right.
  In this attraction.
  This ride, just to say what the kind of ride it is, it's like a spinner ride.
  It's kind of like it's kind of like Dumbo, but with a twist.
  It's broken.
  So you've got your lever that you're trying to go up and down with it.
  I'm trying to get photos, Aaron's in the front trying to get the two of us and then OK, all right, I'll coordinate it.
  I'll come up a little higher.
  And you go all the way up or you try to go low and then nothing happens or like there's no such thing as level.
  You're either all the way down or all the way up.
  Keeps getting stuck.
  There's no way to time like a kind of chaos.
  I don't know.
  Weird.
  I think I think he had a good time, but perhaps not the most well maintained attraction or the and it's a terrifying one a little bit too.
  And yeah, so when you're on that, like is his reaction basically the same as it is if he's watching like reading a book he likes or is there an elevated reaction where you're like, oh, wow, he is.
  He's like his you can feel his little brain like, oh, wow, this is a different thing.
  Well, probably worry.
  If any stress.
  Yes, I am up very high.
  There is a lot of why is my stroller so tall right now?  OK, if he's if he's being a little bit scaredy cat, then I guess he's got some of his dad in him.
  Yeah, it sounds like he's going to be a creative is going to be making movies with like Eliza Spielberg and Jonathan Schrader or whoever these new crop wonder kids are.
  Oh, God, you're right.
  Yeah, I got to get a lot more famous and fast or else he's not going to get to work in 30 years.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's fine.
  Can we again?  We got to switch over this podcast.
  Only positive, only positive reviews of things.
  No jokes.
  No book.
  Well, just then edit out everything.
  Not good that I said about almost flying fish.
  OK, great.
  Just just leave the compliments that I had about almost flying fish.
  I'm going to go back to the whole catalog and edit out anything negative we ever said about anything and all the jokes are gone.
  And then it'll just be 20 minutes of when we like this.
  Yes.
  And then cut to 30 minutes later.
  And yeah, and I like this as well.
  This was good.
  Yeah, it's suddenly that well, I guess the podcast isn't always over two hours.
  I remember it being longer, but I get this feels better, actually.
  You know, this feels good.
  And then we overtake Joe Bowden.
  Yeah, yeah, that could be it.
  That's all it would take.
  OK, well, now I do have some nice things to say about what this all culminated in, because finally some music hits and we do get the first physical appearance of Elmo because he is leading the way to the big boat at the center of the Bay of Play.
  And he is leading everyone in the furry friends dance party.
  A big confusing affair.
  Elmo comes out, then Ernie comes out, then that's all who comes out.
  It is two of them.
  And that is all.
  And there are clearly parts of the VO component of the furry friends dance party that are meant to be for other characters like Cookie Monster and Bert.
  So it kind of leaves a confusing hole when they play a Bert centric song, which in this case is the song moves like Bert.
  Which is what you think it is.
  Oh, wow.
  It is a moves like Jagger sung by Bert about being Bert.
  Wow.
 Is this on YouTube?  I think it is because I think the source of this is like a Sesame Street live tour.
  This seems to be in other media.
  This is not a SeaWorld exclusive, I don't believe.
  OK, wow, that's great.
  I love that.
  I love that.
  Because we were a big Sesame Street Live family when I was little.
  Yes.
  It's great to see that they're still doing Sesame Street Live and all that stuff.
  We should all go.
  They're doing it and updating it with cool, with modern songs.
  It's great.
  Songs that they play like at a modern concert like the Manti Party.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  The best modern concert music.
  Anyway, this was a blast.
  He was, you know, hey, we partied with our furry friends with Elmo and Ernie, who I don't know if I'd qualify as a furry friend, but he was there and putting in his all.
  You got YMCA in there.
  Everybody's doing YMCA, which, you know, it's funny that that's a favorite song of the Elmo, the red monster, because it's also a favorite song of the big orange monster.
  Right.
  Remember the president is the former president.
  Yeah.
  The buffoonish.
  The buffoonish.
  Yeah.
  I thought anytime anyone called somebody orange man the last four years, they were talking about Ernie.
  So I'm going to thank you for clarifying that because I didn't actually know.
  I thought people were insulting my favorite Sesame Street character of all time.
  Ernie is already so mean to Ernie.
  Out of nowhere for four years.
  They hate the orange man?  That's Ernie.
  I love him.
  Of course his hair looks fake.
  He's a puppet.
  Why aren't people that hard on dabby cadabby?  Yeah, he does say silly things all the time.
  That's Ernie.
  I like that he's kind of dumb and he doesn't know what things are.
  Yeah.
  It's fun.
  It's entertainment.
  Gosh, now I look like a fool.
  Anyway, so look, this was all great.
  I got to introduce my son to some characters that he loves.
  Then I really wanted to go on a ride and all of the lines were 80 minutes or more.
  I was contemplating going on something called Atlantis that I've been eyeing for a long time.
  I really wanted to go on it and then I'm like 80 minutes and then a kid walked by and coughed on me.
  I said, no, let's go.
  Let's get back to that hotel ASAP.
  We did some total three hours.
  Thank you SeaWorld San Diego.
  No rides.
  It was a blast.
  I didn't go on.
  Well, I mean.
  Other than.
  Elmo's flying fish.
  Right, right.
  Yeah, the lab of Elmo.
  Wow.
  Am I going to go on a ride?  Am I going to spend 80 minutes to wait for a ride that's like Jurassic Park but with no robots?  Is this worth my time?  Is there a front of the line pass or something at SeaWorld?  There might be.
  I don't know.
  There is some just preview.
  There's some front of the line hijinks in the later things that I'm going to talk about.
  Oh, interesting.
  I got twisted up in some bad stuff.
  I'll just say that.
  I'm nervous already thinking about it.
  Well, let's hop coasts.
  Let's get over there then.
  So this all happens in one week after so many weird mundane boring weeks.
  I go down to this Paradise Resort of Mission Bay and then I'm back for a day and then I head to Orlando, Florida.
  And people, if you follow us on social media, you might know that I was there.
  I posted a little bit about it.
  But you might not know why I was there or why there was no evidence of my wife or child or my co-hosts in these photos.
  And that is because I was in Orlando for a bachelor party, for a big, very ambitious bachelor party weekend,  which is something I haven't done for a long time.
  One of these like rent a big house.
  Seventeen people all told.
  So much fun.
  By the detail number one, it's we're probably like half an hour south of the Disney World Resort in a like big weird house that is only rented for these kinds of things with themed rooms.
  It's themed bedrooms.
  Wow.
  There is an Avengers bedroom lights up all blue and there's a little Spider-Man table.
  It's clearly meant for a child.
  Well, I don't know.
  I think that this is a house that is probably meant for like multiple parts of a family to meet and have a reunion or that kind of thing.
  Many families are traveling together.
  I don't think this was meant for tons of beer consumption.
  Elements of it felt a little creepy once you were really staring at what was on the wall in these rooms.
  That was my thing is my opinion of those houses seems very good for multi-generational family trips.
  When I look at them on listing websites like rental websites, they give me the creeps.
  They seem like at best the queen of Versailles house at worst crime scenes like.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Oh, you.
 Yeah.
  No, you certainly suspect the crimes haven't occurred.
  There's a real senior student even though you're like you're seeing cartoon pals there for sure.
  It's a weird vibe to it and very strangely hard to get lifts down there.
  It's still like I wondered if lifts were going to be any better because it's hard to call these things and no, it was like it was pretty difficult.
  And then like in a housing developments and on the cars, you watch every car on the app pause at the gate.
  What do I do here?  I made it all sort of odd and confusing, but the house is so fun and funny.
  There was like a his and her Mickey and Minnie bedroom where you're looking at from your beds.
  You're look at themed beds to them and then you'd be looking up at them like with many like putting a leg up on the wall.
  You're staring at them while you sleep.
  Many as a leg up, you know, the kind of like I'm getting a smooch and then the girl kicks her leg.
  Oh, I see.
  I was picturing a very different.
  You're like Jason and I picking up backwards the sort of like like.
  Yeah, yeah, I said I get what you're saying.
  No, no, she's not.
  She's not.
  So I'm not sure.
  Yeah, that didn't sound right.
  And now I don't know.
  OK, that's much more.
  This was tame art.
  I swear there was a Disney princess room with a pixelated painting of all the princesses holding dogs that resemble them.
  I don't know these dogs in Canada like here's the red haired aerial dog and the long blonde haired Rapunzel.
  I don't know, but it looked like official art other than that.
  It was very pixelated.
  Yeah, it's it was already funny that you of the three of us were the first one back to Orlando.
  It's never would have thought it's only gotten funnier that this is where you're this house of horrors is where you're staying.
  Yeah, yeah, we're in we're in Davenport and lots of like clearly meant for children bedrooms.
  This is like a horror.
  And you don't want to go to horror nights.
  This is like you lived it.
  It was like being in a coffin challenge.
  Yes.
  Can you make it through the night without needing to like take a shower because you're disgusted with yourself and where you are?  Oh, and a minion room.
  I got to say the minion room specifically.
  Here's a big line of all the minions and they're all holding sub sandwiches.
  What?  I don't know.
  Is that a thing that they do?  Is that in a movie, Jason?  I mean, they got to eat.
  I mean, I understand they could eat.
  I'm just saying is that like do they I know they banana is what they say.
  I know that.
  Do they say like sub sandwiches or did like Subway sponsoring one of the rooms in this rental?  I think that's a funny evergreen cartoon prop.
  If you go back in the history of pop, like the history of how many King Feature syndicate characters have eaten like a hoagie in a comic strip?  Well, that's true.
  And some but some of those characters, that would be a big feast for them if they came up in the depression, you know, they would mostly be eating like beans and dust.
  See, you have your big sub.
  Yeah.
  And you're going to cherish that.
  Like, that's your food for three days.
  Yes.
  The minions live in a time of plenty.
  Was there a debate about who got what room?  Yeah, well, there was like on emails before all this, everybody was really dying for that minion room until people realized that it was bunks.
  And some of the rooms, like it seems like, oh, of course, I want to be in the Mickey Mini room until you're there and you look at the rooms.
  Then you go, hmm, what made me the room where I don't have to share it with four other people?  Maybe that's where I would want to be.
  So the first night after we returned from the Lake Point of Vista Hooters, which we took a party bus to, this is a great trip.
  Oh, my God.
  After that, we came back for a special drawing.
  There were and there were two drawings.
  Everybody had to put their name in a hat.
  And the first drawing was for the rooms.
  And the first people up, you know, like adults, I guess, picked the bedrooms where they could sleep by themselves towards the back, which is where I was.
  I drew the Avengers room.
  I was bottom bunk.
  So I'm staring at Thor and Tony Stark and a little boy's table.
  That's where I spent the night.
  Really terrifying.
  What was it like the generic looking?  Did they try to make him look like the movie or is it like like was there like an off brand Robert Downey Jr.
?  Do you remember?  No, this is just like this is just weird plastered on wallpaper of Scarlett Johansson.
  Oh, really?  So many faces in it.
  It's every face.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, for sure.
  And like 13 of them.
  So we're all honestly, they're all staring right at us.
  Well, that makes it like five times weirder, I think, because they're human faces.
  Oh, extremely.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And and then and then a little in the bathroom, like a little more of this stuff.
  Here's a little Spider-Man display.
  And then here's one of like Superman and Batman and Wonder Woman.
  Wait a second.
  Hang on.
  This is not a fully fleshed out Marvel room.
  And this is all right up your alley.
  Like Avengers accommodations, Hooters food.
  Like you love that.
  You love this shit, man.
  Oh, in this case.
  Yeah.
  I guess it has never been my dream to be in an Avengers hotel or anything.
  Hooters maybe never been in a Hooters.
  Maybe my first time in a Hooters.
  And I hey, I loved it.
  It was just what the doctor ordered.
  Maybe I've never been in a party bus either.
  Like really before.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Not a not a common thing.
  If you can imagine.
  And how many times have you been on a party bus?  Sorry, I was going to say, Jason, how many times you've been in a party bus?  How many times you've been in a Hooters?  I think like two or three Hooters.
  I always got sick after eating there.
  And the party bus, I guess similar, like maybe five times.
  And something was always broken.
  Like something was always wrong.
  Something was always a little messed up.
  And it was it.
  It just it felt very utilitarian as opposed to like decadent.
  You know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's about the same time.
  You've been on that many party buses, though?  Yeah.
  Weddings, weddings and like.
  Yeah.
  Improv festivals.
  Like, you know.
  Bachelor party.
  There's a bachelor party.
  We took a party bus out into the desert once.
  It's cool.
  It was too crowded and I got sick because I wasn't looking straight ahead.
  I was looking like sideways.
  I was sitting like sideways on it and I was like really feeling ill.
  So this has not worked out for anybody.
  It doesn't sound like.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  So anyway, not party bus fans overall.
  But hey, I loved it.
  Just like, yeah.
  Also notable that there was like a bunch of very like silhouette of a stripper  type videos playing by default on the party bus.
  But then somebody asked like what other options are there?  And well, the guy with the driver went and found like the little like book of DVDs  and pulled out the Halloween one.
  So then for the rest of the way, we're looking at like two pose GIFs basically  of like a skeleton turning back and forth or a scary eye.
  Or like an 8-bit Frankenstein.
  That's just wholesome fun.
  Yes.
  That rocks.
  Yeah.
  And paired with Hooters.
  Great.
  So anyways, yeah.
  After all that.
  So drawing number one is for the rooms.
  I got Avengers room.
  Drawing number two is for our shirts.
  And the organizers of this party wonderfully, well, I think maybe realized that there is  that people do wear the unified shirts, especially at Epcot Center.
  If you're going to drink around the world, we've talked about the Epcot drinking shirts.
  And I wondered if there would be some some element like that.
  But instead of what they did is they went on eBay and they purchased a bunch of retro,  all white, married by them being all white, white retro 80s and 90s Disney World shirts.
  This was so great.
  They were like just like a pile of all the coolest shirts I've ever seen.
  I was late in the drawing, but I still managed to pull this awesome sparkly spaceship Earth,  like a kind of material that I'm sure is banned today.
  This must be the most cancer causing.
  It's a best of shirt.
  I should really not have it in my house.
  Yeah.
  I was going to say go outside and burn it, but that's why I'll release all the asbestos.
  People were coveting that shirt.
  Listeners were like, where did you get that shirt man?  So I did.
  It was a wonderful gift from the from the bachelor and best man.
  Yeah.
  Totally completely custom eBay shirt, which I will cherish.
  So a big party night.
  But then we're up at 11 a.
m.
  We're on it.
  We're on another bus.
  And we take it to Epcot Center to drink around the world.
  We are all clad in our white, red, white, white, white, white.
  We are all clad in our white retro shirts.
  There's so much turquoise and sparkle, so much tribute, so many tributes to the 20th anniversary.
  I love what I'm seeing.
  Amazing lineup of shirts.
  And so all right.
  So we're we're at Epcot.
  We are at my my stated favorite park, maybe my favorite place to be.
  The group knows that I am a theme park aficionado.
  This is a mildly embarrassing thing in a way to be, of course, presenting as in a big in a group of drunken people.
  But yeah, and you were, of course, the only comedy professional there.
  So everything was otherwise very efficient and normal.
  Correct.
  You were not giving grief about this fact at all.
  No, everyone was very respectful and, in fact, impressed.
  Wait a minute.
  A podcast about it.
  Tell me more.
  Yes, very respectful.
  So a whole episode about Popeye Village in Malta.
  I've always wanted to learn more.
  My opinion of you is going up.
  Anyways, just but you know, the plus side of being in this role, being like the guy who knows all of the stuff, besides that, I know every direction where to go.
  I did keep getting applause is when it was like, do we go left or right?  Scott left.
  Yes, I did get some applause breaks for my unhealthy knowledge of the geography.
  You know, that's where it helps to be like where I've been working at home for many months, month after month.
  And that sometimes you will drift and just start looking at an overhead map of Epcot Center and there it comes in handy in moments like this.
  So it's also put in my in my car a little bit like, well, what do we do?  What is the what is the right to do?  We went we first we there was the sense of like, well, we should maybe like pump everybody up and go on something, not a thrilling thing, but, you know, kind of a, you know, what?  Maybe a not weird pseudo ironic Epcot experience.
  So we go we hit Soren right away, which I don't think I've done down there.
  I really enjoyed it.
  Big hit with everybody.
  But then it's like, all right, how do we we got to start drinking around the world and like, are there rides in World Showcase?  And I say, yes, of course, there are rides in World Showcase and there is nowhere that we possibly could start.
  But Mexico boat ride, my favorite, I think.
  I think it is climbing the charts of like my favorite experience in Orlando in general.
  I feel like it really is if you pair the line with a drink with it with a beer or a margarita that you are trying to finish right as you hit that final trash can before they make you throw it out.
  It's like being in a giant Mexican restaurant.
  Like it's the the the place in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, Casa Vega.
  Yeah, it's like it's like if that was 20 times bigger and it had a ride.
  I think that's becoming my you're in the dark.
  You're in the dark and Mexican restaurant and you get to go on a little ride.
  The whole thing is wonderful.
  Did you go in the little tequila that the place to get the margarita in that little like kind of tequila spots?  I forget that was that was so slammed as you can imagine.
  So, by the way, food and wine is happening.
  So there are all the booths and everything, but a lot of them super long lines, especially in Mexico, like it's the first one.
  I think a lot of people start there.
  I don't know if that's the agreed upon where you start, but it certainly makes sense as a place to start.
  Yeah, yeah, that it's my agree upon.
  We were it's crowded.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, me too.
  So we're like, yeah, I don't think we're getting into that tequila place.
  We made the move of, oh, you know, it doesn't have a long line is like the sit down restaurant, not in the building, but outside the building.
  So maybe if we only do drinks because it's just open and people maybe don't realize that there are drinks there, there is a limited menu.
  You know, but if you're willing to pick from one of those margaritas and there was a margarita that almost everybody got because it was like one of the two.
  I don't remember the specifics of it, but I know that it is lined with black ant salt.
  And I noted that black ant salt.
  What an unusual phrase.
  And it was kind of black salt.
  And I would say that it had kind of like an earthy taste to it.
  It was definitely weird.
  A lot of people just left the salt on there.
  Everybody got some of it, but I think you saw the rims.
  It's not the salts not really moving.
  I didn't look up till yesterday that it is called black ant salt because it has ants in it.
  Yeah, there are.
  Yes.
  Have you heard of this before?  And I have.
  There's OK.
  There's in that even just Epcot.
  There's a guy I watch on YouTube and Scott, I made you watch one one time.
  His name is Mr.
 Morrow.
  He's the most positive man.
  He goes to Epcot like every other day.
  Does videos.
  I was hoping I'd see him.
  I was wondering if I could get a picture of Mr.
 Morrow.
  I would have been so excited.
  But yeah, he went in and I've seen now that there's more like bug protein stuff even just in Epcot and especially in the Mexico pavilion.
  Like as far as like snacks and stuff like there.
  I think grasshoppers and I think there's multiple places with salt or bugs ground up into things.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's sort of like Buzz Buzz.
  It seems like kind of a like that's sort of a big swing for Florida.
  I would think that's like a bit of a like unusual food move to make.
  But, you know, then you taste it and you go, it's a bad.
  Yeah, it's not very good.
  I was not really a fan of it.
  But nonetheless, and from looking it up, I saw that there are like, yeah, it's like if you look close, you can see ant legs and antenna in the salt.
  So that ground up.
  I think if you just if you like if you knew what you were looking for, I think just like the tiniest little I mean, for sure, it's black.
  It definitely is black.
  You can see the ants like little hands praying as it's like murdered for in the name of salt for that's weird.
  It seems like you would husband and wife ants clutching each other.
  Yeah.
  Saying a final goodbye.
  Holding each other totally becoming salt.
  That's very odd.
  So, yeah, look, we're cranking these margaritas through that line.
  We're getting hopped up on ants.
  We got so many ants in our system.
  This is a photo that I have.
  I took a picture in the line in front of the caballeros and then I was looking at it later and like, why does it look like I have a third eyebrow?  Oh, because there is a line of ants.
  It was a line of ants salts that I didn't realize was pressing up against the rim of my nose.
  Ants salt.
  I mean, I know it's not that weird, but it is fun.
  It's funny to say.
  Yeah.
  Like, it's I don't know.
  This is not exactly a fear factor thing.
  I'm not weirded out by it, but a funny detail that colors everything that I had ants in my body and ants on my face.
  This is the part of the podcast I would say where Jason goes, oh, we've never had ants salt before.
  Yeah.
  We're like, what?  And he goes, yeah, I had it all the time on the shore.
  Pennsylvania.
  Yeah.
  We're all going to be eating bugs for protein by the time we're 40.
  So best to get used to it in fun little ways.
  Well, that's true.
  Anyway.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, so excited.
  I like again and again, like this is going to be on the list now.
  I'm going to like treat the line like a restaurant.
  See if you could time it out to where you can finish that old thing.
  You got to go a little fast.
  Have good chat with a friend.
  I did that with a friend of the show, Doug Jones, two years ago at a great.
  It's like you're sitting at a Mexican restaurant just without food, but it's all the ambiance.
  And then you get to go on the best damn ride.
  I love that ride so much.
  And I'm hyping everybody up like I don't want to oversell this, but I really love this ride.
  And they're asking me more details.
  And I'm like, well, you know, that part of Pirates of the Caribbean where you're passing by the restaurant and there's so much ambiance and then there's so much adventure to come.
  You know, you go down the drop and you see all the pirates.
  Well, imagine that.
  But with none of the adventure or things happening, it's just a nice.
  And I that sounds like an insult or something, but truly I love the nature that is such a just party ride.
  There's no stakes.
  There's no point where it's sad or bad.
  It's not interrupted by an evil spirit or something.
  It really is like for a big party.
  It kind of is the it's like being at a Mexican restaurant and then there's a birthday boy and then they get the sombrero and everybody celebrates.
  It kind of is like that for for the seven minute ride.
  And does everyone fit on the boat in the party or their two boats?  We got.
 Yeah, we got 16, 17 people.
  So everybody we all fill the boat.
  That's the full boat.
  And it's a perfect amount of people where that keeps happening.
  Like we all fit into two logs on Splash Mountain or was the other one.
  Oh, rock and roller coaster.
  We fill up the entire car like the whole thing being your party is the best feeling because then you can be a little bit more of a jackass.
  And Jackass as we were.
  Oh, my God, because this really is like it is it is kicking in.
  Maybe you'll have had other I think people had drinks on the way.
  I think I had a beer in the bus.
  Now we just cranked this and Margarita.
  There's a bottle.
  There's a we're being sneaky.
  We're being bad boys.
  There's a there's a water bottle with tequila being passed around in the ride.
  People are getting nuts and the loopiness of what that ride ends up being, I think, was really kicking in.
  Where there's so much excitement for ultimately so little happening.
  But every single component of it is getting cheered so hard.
  I love watching it hit with all these people who have never been on this ride.
  Every caballero you see, every movie that plays every every doll.
  I swear I love this ride and I still forget that there's like small world dolls.
  I completely forget that component of it every time.
  But we're cheering for dolls.
  We're so we're so amped on this thing.
  I'm loving the tequila bottles going around.
  This was the happiest boat that ever sailed.
  This is just true.
  Like what a dream of a bachelor party experience.
  I think the bachelor, the bachelor himself was really psyched as well.
  So energy building and building like boy are the vibes great.
  And we're getting towards the end of the ride.
  I think we're in this maybe the second or third to last scene.
  And you're going through kind of a little narrow corridor.
  I think what's on the screens behind you is a mariachi band.
  I don't know if you're looking at a restaurant or a party or what it is, but it's almost like, I don't know, there's like a little sidewalk essentially right there.
  And I know there's a mariachi band.
  I forget what else is going on.
  But we're all we're all clapping.
  We're all having a great time.
  And then all of a sudden someone in the party is off the boat.
  We look over to the left and somebody in the group is not on the ride anymore.
  He has the biggest shitty grin, just like doing a little hot cha cha.
  Just like it look like it's like the happiest moment of his life.
  He takes three steps and then with ballet like precision jumps back in the boat.
  It doesn't even rock the boat.
  It's like he slipped in.
  It's like if you were joining your significant other in the bed and you don't want to wake them.
  It was so graceful and so quick.
  Ultimately, it was like it never happened.
  And yet his face, the joy of him being off the ride was so indelible that it felt like it went for five full minutes, even though it was probably three seconds all told.
  So how about that?  Why?  Somebody got off the ride.
  Thinking about this.
  Yeah, I didn't.
  I was wondering what the reaction with the good boys would be.
  I thought someone would nail him with a sap or a billy club in that like amount of time from like a back door or something.
  They're slow, though, getting to people.
  It's like they were the repercussions.
  Somebody notice.
  Well, so that's the thing.
  So I have I'm laughing and the bad boy in me that's coming out in this trip.
  I'm clapping and laughing and loving it.
  And then immediately I go, wait, but what's going to happen, though?  Something is going to happen because I know that, you know, like when we got off the ride, somebody said to this guy, you know, I know somebody who that happened to on pirates and they were grabbed instantly.
  And I've heard that before that somebody tries that and then just like a hand that you don't like.
  Legends of the Hidden Temple, someone you don't know is there is just suddenly there and you're being escorted away.
  So the fact that it didn't happen was very confusing.
  I could only chalk it up to that.
  This isn't Pirates of the Caribbean.
  This is the Mexico boat ride and nobody cares.
  There is nobody.
  There's probably three people on staff of this whole thing.
  This is the ride where a character broke down and then they replaced it with a cactus.
  This is that is the degree of care that is put into this ride in general.
  It's all the way back there.
  Nobody's thinking about it.
  So that's I would have to think that's why, yeah, the guy was not didn't end up with a dart in his neck instantly.
  Yeah, I have long suspected that there are large holes in security around these places.
  That certainly could all that horizon stuff could happen.
  That big crazy video.
  Yeah, or if people were Epcot in general, if people were able to just be in the closed wonders of life and walk all the way back to body wars and nobody's stopping them.
  That's the weird feeling of Epcot where it's so sprawling that they don't even have the staff to really keep an eye on everything.
  So OK, to make me comfortable, I'd like to reframe this as you guys were trying to test holes because in the future, other people that had like bad intentions could be doing that.
  So you guys were testing something.
  You were doing a little bit of a stress test for Epcot and they failed.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But that's where we do our job.
  Like we aren't, you know, we aren't doing that to show that it's successful.
  We're trying to we're trying to find the holes so they can make a better Epcot for the future.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Let me ask you this.
  Were you riled enough?  Because look, we've all we all can get into bad boy moods.
  Jason has talked about when I'm at Comic Con and I have a I like to sneak into parties if I can.
  It's a fun challenge to see if I can like sneak into a party or say, oh, I'm on the list or whatever.
  So we all have that happen.
  Is there any scenario where like three people would have jumped out of the boat and they were like, Scott, come join us?  Or do you think still you're like, good boyness would have kept you in that boat?  I think there was even a chance.
  It depends on depends on that's a very good question.
  Maybe depends on difficulty.
  And maybe the maybe my true bad boy, like as far as I would go, is that I wouldn't specifically tattle on them.
  I wouldn't get back and say I was with them.
  Those are my friends.
  And but I not anymore.
  I think I think my biggest thing with that would be like, I don't want to get kicked out for the rest of the day.
  Like, yeah, you don't want to blow the.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  And that'd be a very good excuse.
  Yeah.
  So I don't think there's a scenario where I get riled up enough to do it.
  But yeah, it was Comic Con.
  Comic Con party and there was a boat there.
  I do it.
  And that's why you'd want to sneak into that party for sure.
  Party with a boat.
  Yeah.
  Well, so but again, so it passes and we keep going and we make it all the way to the cab by arrows and the fireworks.
  And so it's like, so that was it, I guess.
  I guess we did it.
  And then we're in the final little tunnel.
  There's kind of a map and maybe some I forget what's what's on the map or why.
  But you're like, you're it's kind of a darkened tunnel and then you're almost to where you unload.
  So we get in there and then everything stops.
  The music disappears.
  The guy here, the cab arrows not working behind us anymore.
  And there is a big lineup of boats and they are all sitting there.
  They are all stuck there.
  We start hearing announcements about technical difficulties.
  And now it is clear.
  OK, so I thought it was weird that nothing happened.
  Now is the point where something is happening.
  And then you just start wondering what that is going to be.
  I there's enough downtime.
  We're sitting in there for a long enough time.
  And I had already been texting my wife and other friends buzz buzz about how excited I am to be on this particular ride.
  And so then I'm like, well, I have to update them.
  So I'm texting like, hey, somebody got off the ride and I think we're in trouble now.
  I'm going to jail.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, I mean, Aaron, Aaron said, like, is this where you end up in Disney jail?  And I said, well, I think this is the closest that I'm probably going to come.
  And then I check my phone a few minutes later and she has taken the magnetic letters on the fridge and taking a photo next to our son that says Disney jail, jail in all caps, which is a photo I will cherish.
  So truly I am wondering.
  And I guess I think in a normal state, I might be a little edgier.
  And like, does the group get kicked out or something?  But I'm just like, I'm so high on the margarita and so high on those ants and so chilled out and happy.
  I'm like, I think I know what's going to happen.
  There's going to be like, this guy's going to have to go to a room for 40 minutes.
  Maybe one other guy is going to have to go back in there and explain why this isn't a problem and why it should get let out.
  And then we're going to go.
 It's just going to slow us down is all it's going to be.
  I'm surprisingly chill about the whole thing, but we're waiting for a long time.
  It is so clear what's going on.
  There's a baby crying in another boat.
  So we've like now this child has to sit here for longer because of us, essentially.
  I think people on the boat start yelling it wasn't us, which is a great to deflect attention.
  Minutes pass, minutes pass.
  Then finally, a very odd announcement in the announcement is everyone, we are going back home immediately.
  What? Back home?  I guess that means back to the start of the ride.
  I guess that means we're not like getting off of the boats, but back home.
  But you do still go like, do they know? Are they going to send us back home?  Do they know that we're mostly from L.
A.
?  I don't know.
 Just a weird tone to that phrase.
  We pull back up and I see a couple of employees and I'm like, OK, so here we go.
  The last coup was they have them on camera.
 That'll be it.
  Then the crowd parts.
  And one of the employees I was looking at has a little like trash collection pole and he finishes his trash and then he leaves.
  And then the other person we pull up and they say, please exit to your right.
  And it's just eerie.
  Like, well, what do you and somebody somebody says, what happened?  And that person smiles and says nothing happened.
  And I say, that's right.
  And then we all walk away.
  And nothing, nothing occurred.
  The smile made me think they knew.
  And there just wasn't enough of like an actual thing to do.
  Like, right? Like, why would what what would the smile be?  Or maybe they didn't have have it well enough.
  Like, well, which person it was? Maybe the camera wasn't clear enough.
  I don't know.
 It just really made me think like you're off the hook this day.
  It was like a wink.
 It felt like a wink to me.
  Well, wait, someone had a grabber, you said, like a trash grabber thing.
  Somebody who left him.
  I thought the person who I thought was going to like take us out of there.
  Then I realized was just picking up trash.
  It could have also been a boat in front of you or something like someone dumped like some shit in the water and they had to like get it out or like.
  That's true.
 Why am I putting the blame on us?  It could have been that baby they put could have tried to dispose of a diaper in the Rio del Tiempo.
  Don't pollute the Rio del Tiempo.
  Happens all the time.
  It's a sacred place.
  People dumping diapers in that water.
  As we all know, the ideal place to change diapers at a Disney amusement park is the couch in a lobby of a deluxe hotel that costs an obscene amount of money.
  So remember, folks, that's where you change diapers.
  Happen once to Jason and he'll never forget it.
  You're still.
 Yeah, you're not.
  It's fucking gross.
 Yeah, sure.
  Wow, I am shocked.
  I know.
 Yeah, how about that?  They must have had like a little little conference.
  They must have had like a little conference to get that.
  This is my guess.
  A little conference.
  They knew what happened.
  They just sat there going, we got to.
  God, we got these.
  Do we really want to get these like guys in there?  It's like doesn't seem like they're like that.
  They're like drunk, but like then we have to do all this work and then like we have to fill out a report.
  They might.
 If it turns out they're not a good kind of drunk, then they fight us.
  But probably they're just look, they're do it like if you're all these bits, it's been nothing but bits.
  They're probably a bunch of comedy people.
  They're so annoying.
  We like their jokes.
  They're so funny.
  So we don't want to punish them because they're funny.
  So did make us laugh.
  Whatever.
  Yeah, we should also.
  The ride.
  I mean, we should say I saw this period of time when you were down there referred to as the busiest period of the summer, if not the year.
  Was it?  Yeah.
  Oh my God.
  So yeah, they had they had people jumping off on every ride and there was like a task force that's designed to like be called in for that.
  And they were already busy on spaceship Earth.
  Somebody jumped out in the middle of the tundra, the early part of the ride where the like wooly mammoths are walking across.
  Oh, yeah.
  Somebody somebody was painting with DaVinci.
  Somebody's painting.
  Somebody got on the thing, the painter, whatever you call it.
  His little apparatus there that he paints on to get to the ceiling.
  So we put the words MAGA on the Sistine Chapel.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  So then you drug 17 drunk maniacs to go see the American Adventure Ride.
  This was discussed because of the you know, like the we wouldn't be there if the Bachelor wasn't a fan of all this stuff.
  There was like, do we?  And I described it out loud to some people like, well, do you want to see Benjamin Franklin and Mark Twain shake hands?  And I think I think if you put it if there was a little more time, I think if there was one more Disney Day on the books, I think we could have gotten people in there.
  That wouldn't have been so often.
  And not to mention the air conditioning that does that.
  That does count for something.
  It was crazy down there.
  I've never minded the heat less.
  Also, like barely ate through this entire thing.
  Like I at this point, I'm still going off of like Hooters from the night before.
  It's too many people to like really sit down and do a real dinner.
  When I got the margarita, I was like, I bet I'm not going to eat for hours.
  Side of rice and beans, please.
  And then I just combined those, just made a little like hobo soup.
  And took that down really fast.
  Yeah.
  You got to do it.
  Just fuel.
  You got to do a little.
  Yeah.
  It was that kind of thing.
  And just pretzels and grabbing it where you can.
  Because you don't want to slow the group down.
  Except that we are stopping for drinks every once in an hour.
  Like the absolute majority of the day was spent in drink lines.
  But again, that's what you're doing.
  It's kind of a drink around the world.
  Although then we didn't like soup or stop anywhere.
  We did the whole pass.
  We had a great time walking around all of it.
  The desire for another ride.
  I'm like, I think it's got to be Spaceship Earth.
  And that's your, you know, you just have to explain that to a lay person.
  Like it's a ride where you see the history of communication.
  And then you're shown a vision of your own future via jib jab animation.
  Jib jab from 2008.
  Yeah.
  However, that said, such a hit.
  Everybody loved it so much.
  You forget the like trippiness of that ride.
  I mean, especially like the backtrack through just like that.
  This kind of endless mirror tunnel of lights and I don't know.
  Like huge hit.
  Very validating for me.
  Like everything I presented, I think there was nothing that was a bomb.
  Not even remotely and probably the things nobody had really seen before.
  I also, of course, know the way over to the people want to go to the studios now.
  And like, sounds great.
  We got, you know, we have to take is the beautiful Skyliner.
  Nobody knew about the Skyliner.
  This was the most relaxing little cruise.
  Boy, I mean, we was like,  we talked about it so much when we all went that Skyliner.
  I mean, it's hard to imagine the property without it at this point.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  How many did you load?  Did you load all 18 in one Skyliner?  Yes.
  Against the wishes of the employees.
  Hurry up.
  There was somebody's leg was dangling out the whole time.
  Somebody was sitting on top of one the whole time.
  As long as it don't crash, we're fine.
  And we hotboxed it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  So yeah, then we make it over to the studios.
  You know, Mike, you've said this before and it's really true to me now.
  Now that I go on these attractions,  the corner of the park with Tower of Terror and Rock and Roller Coaster,  is there a better attraction zone in all of theme parkdom?  I don't know.
  It feels so good.
  It just feels so good even to be outside of those two.
  And it's partly because when I was a kid,  I was like, these are two awesome rides right next to each other.
  Yeah.
 Are there two better rides that close?  I've never actually thought about that.
  Yeah.
  Like two with, yeah, they literally feel like they're,  I know they're like more than a hundred feet, but they feel so close.
  Oh, that's a good question.
  What's the other, is there a better two rides next to each other?  And I don't think so.
  I mean, there's space between most good rides.
  It's not according to me.
  Maybe at some point in time, Men in Black and Back to the Future.
  That's true.
  Could be.
 I don't know if it tops it though,  because like, you know, like both are, you know,  Back to the Future is a little on the decay probably by the time that thing shows up.
  Yeah.
  Forbidden Journey and Hagrid's, how close are those together?  They're both great rides.
  Enough.
 There's a little distance though.
  I mean, they're all on the same neighbor.
  That's certainly one of the great lands, I would say.
  Spider-Man and Hulk.
  Yeah.
  When Hulk was in the first generation.
  But that still feels farther.
 It feels farther to me.
  It is farther.
  They aren't the attractions next to each other.
  It's like next door neighbors.
 That's the challenge.
  Maybe that's to the audience.
  What are the best attraction next door neighbors?  Yeah, good question.
  And it's funny because they're thematically makes no sense to be there together.
  Yeah.
 Right, right.
  Because it's how you're on, what is it? I always forget that.
  What is it? On Sunset Boulevard? Hollywood Tower of Terror?  Yeah.
  But then Rock and Roller Coaster is like you're taking the freeway is maybe to Sunset Boulevard,  but maybe modern Sunset Boulevard.
  That's the Sunset Strip version of Sunset Boulevard versus the, you know,  Norma Desmond version of Sunset Boulevard and the Hollywood Tower of Terror is on.
  The light side of Hollywood and the dark side of Hollywood.
  And the way they say like Gotham is New York City at night,  Metropolis is New York City in the daytime.
  Which do you consider the dark side?  Hollywood Tower of Terror.
  Oh, I got, okay.
  Because I mean, there's like a lot of darkness with 70s Rock and Roll on the Sunset Strip.
  But I see what you're saying.
 I see what you're saying.
  Yeah, but you're seeing this snippet of like get them backstage passes from the side.
  Yeah, yeah, you're right.
  It's the fun.
 It's not like the, you know, summer 69.
  We got to get in the limo because Steven Tyler has had an overdose again.
  His heart has stopped beating and we have to get to the hospital.
  Check out Steven Tyler's new heart.
  Dennis Wilson wants to introduce us to his friend Charles.
  Four of the five members have to go to rehab.
  Time to have an intervention.
  Yeah, that would be the dark side.
 You're right.
  Is someone in Aerosmith, and I don't want to just default to Steven, but it could be Steven.
  But do you think that one of the five members of Aerosmith has done the worst things of a person depicted in a theme park attraction?  Like currently.
  You mean like, okay, so I think what here to clarify.
  You're going to, the answer is going to be like bad.
  I know that we're going to think of somebody worse and then I'll go, oh, that's right.
  But so you're, wait, are you saying like, is the atrocities committed by Steven Tyler worse than Captain Hook?  Or are you saying like worse than the actor who portrayed Chairman Clinch?  Yeah.
  Oh, there is.
 Okay.
  Yeah, I guess you got to take him.
  Do I need like a person playing themselves, which that that takes it down a lot of notches.
  Right.
  Because there's people, yeah, obviously that have done voices.
  It would be Chairman Clinch, wouldn't it? Yeah, I guess it would.
  Well, what, and then then then Spacey doesn't do the voice for his character.
  It doesn't know.
 So it's not Spacey.
 Spacey's out.
  Yeah, I mean, look, if you're a rock star.
  You don't know.
 I don't know what I'm even referring to.
  I can only guess what Aerosmith was up to at the peak.
  Well, look, just do a quick Google search and it's usually just as horrible as any other very famous 70s rock star.
  I mean, they all should probably be in prison.
  So, I mean, he's certainly up there.
 Is he, is there's atrocities at least on par with Captain Hook's? Maybe.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  You also got to factor in a lot of the people.
  I'm not a kidnapper.
  Yeah.
 Well, there is a specific story I'm thinking of that is close to that, but I don't want to bum everyone out.
  There's a lot of famous people who have gotten away with vehicular manslaughter somehow.
  Well, that's true, too.
  So I don't know if you can start factoring those, adding those up.
  A couple, like literally like a couple decades ago, it was like, none of my business when something like that would happen to a famous person.
  Like, and you'd go.
  Sorry, Mrs.
 Bush.
 Sorry, Senator Kennedy.
  Senator Kennedy, yeah.
  Hey, sorry, Ferris, you know, you know, what are you going to do?  Oh, wait a minute.
 If you're counting the, you know, the presidential atrocities are not like their personal deeds.
  But if you, if you do attribute.
 All right.
  I will say that probably one of the presidents has done at least one has done worse things than Joey Kramer from Marist.
  I think all the presidents in some way have done a worse thing than Joey Kramer.
  Joey, Joey Kramer.
 Look, all he's done is make a delicious coffee.
  Joey Kramer's coffee that you can buy, I think, on the Aerosmith website.
  So as far as we know, as far as we know, as far as we know.
  Yeah.
  OK, so anyway, you know, there's there's not much in the way of debauchery going on.
  There's not, you know, too many more rules being broken.
  It was just a great, you know, rest of the day.
  I'd never done Splash Mountain down there.
  Glad I got to do it.
 Braver, braver to do all of these things.
  It's nice that some of that stuff's in the past.
  I'm launching, I'm dropping, and I'm so glad that I am.
  Splash gets you more wet, I want to say.
  I feel like the taste in Florida is more just just soak everybody.
  Yeah, that's yeah, that's a coastal.
  Yeah, that's an East Coast thing.
  Obviously, we know Jason likes it.
  And obviously most people visit the East Coast Park, whether it's Popeye or Splash Mountain.
  Yeah, they crave head to toe soaking.
  Yeah, that that nasty little Florida water.
  I could I could.
 Yeah, there's some of the there's some smells in some of these rides, I guess.
  But I but I'm overlooking it.
  I'm having I'm having the best time truly.
  We you know, we close out Magic Kingdom, just like magical, like swampy blue glow as we arrive.
  I don't know that the castles ever looked better.
  It looks so great for the 50th, whatever all the doodads they put on there.
  We're seeing fireworks in the splash line.
  It's it's so fantastic.
  Just just a magical great day.
  Then we get back and it's just like lots of rounds of flip cup and nobody's going to sleep.
  It was it was like a two hour fiasco to get out of there, by the way.
  I got to knowing all of the crap.
  I got to break it to everybody that like, OK, so the bus is meeting us at Space Eleven.
  Where is that? And I'm like, I think you mean something called the ticket and transportation center.
  Hell, yeah.
 And in order to get to that, we have to get on some of the worst buses you've ever seen.
  A monorail that is inaccessible to humans at this point or a or a boat line that will take us approximately five hours.
  How is it so bad? I don't think we've really talked about this.
  It is like such a nightmare.
  Even at least even at Disneyland, you have the opportunity to walk potentially like, all right, is it going to take forever?  I'm so tired.
  But I'll just walk back to the parking garage because I don't want to deal with these trams.
  Disney World, it's just you wait an hour and a half for a boat that takes you like a quarter of a mile.
  And that's all that's the only option for you to get to your car.
  Actually, you you can complete the loop.
 You can walk.
  You could say you couldn't walk.
 It's a puzzle.
 It's a puzzle.
  Is it is it not open yet?  So they it took nearly 50 years, but you can now walk from the Grand Floridian to the Magic Kingdom,  which means you can walk from the Grand Floridian to the Polynesian.
  And then in theory, you can walk to the ticket and transportation center from the Polynesian.
  There's a lot of construction going on in Florida right now.
  I don't know how to do this.
  And I love this shit.
  I'm I'm probably going down later in the year.
  So I will see if I can do it, which is really drive my family insane.
  But yeah, you're going to take to you're in a mental state.
  You're going to take to you're going to make them figure out a walk path.
  No, I would probably make them go back like you guys go back to the hotel.
  I'm going to try something.
  You're just going to take a solo walk.
  Yeah.
 Well, well, well, that's how you do it.
  I mean, I have, you know, I had some time to myself and what I did is no less mundane.
  So I feel you.
  Anyway, we yeah, it takes forever to get out of there.
  Fiasco, we're partying all night.
  It is the next morning.
  It takes everybody forever to get up.
  And then we're watching YouTube videos and crap.
  And it is about five p.
m.
  before we have anywhere with all to discuss.
  Do we want to make it over to Universal?  I, of course, am voting yes.
  I'm trying to play it cool.
  We could have to want I don't know.
  But of course, I want to go see.
  And of course, I want to go see my friend Botanicus.
  There was even a version of this where like maybe I just stop there on the way to the airport and only go on that ride and then leave.
  How do I go down to this property and not go on the adventure?  So I'm dying for this.
  And eventually the group does get moving and like, all right, we'll do it.
  We'll start.
 We'll start calling lifts.
  The lifts all take forever while we're waiting for the lifts where somebody presents a pretty good idea, which is we have limited amount of hours.
  It's about five o'clock right now.
  We're not going to be in the park before six.
  Universal proper closes at nine.
  If we want to go on as many rides as possible, do we just want to get that express pass?  It's going to be, you know, we're going to throw down for it.
  But, hey, we're being lavish.
  Let's just like maybe we just there's less people at this point.
  There's 12 people.
  Some people had to go.
  So do we want to spring for express passes?  I could see that making sense, actually.
  Most bang for our buck.
  So we're looking on the app and we're saying, OK, so here's an option.
  This is like one hundred ten dollars.
  That's just a regular ticket.
  But then down here is the express ticket and that's about two hundred.
  And we're like, that's pretty pricey.
  But you know, we'll just get on everything.
  And that's not so much more money, I guess.
  So I don't know why not.
  Then it's like 225 after tax.
  I got it's climbing up there.
  All right, whatever.
  But we'll just get to go on as many rides as possible.
  That's great.
  Lifts take forever.
  There's a lot of traffic and people get there and people want to have a little food and a little drink.
  Where it is about six fifteen by the time we're actually walking up to the turnstiles of Universal.
  So clock's ticking.
  As long as I can get my E.
T.
, I'm going to be OK.
  Walk up to the walk up to the ticket attendant, scan my QR code.
  And she says that's the express pass.
  I'm like, yes.
  And she says, no, no, no, that's just for the express.
  And I say, what?  And she says, what?  What?  All of it.
  What all 12 people in this group have purchased is only the express pass.
  That's just the component that gets you to the front of all of the lines.
  We none of us have park admission, even though we all preordered.
  We have all spent two hundred and twenty five dollars on something that does not get us admission to a park.
  How they close the money?  Yes.
 Two hundred and twenty five dollars.
  What for? That is just to get you.
  Now, this is a whole thing.
  Everybody complains about any move that Disney makes and Max Pass costs this.
  And what are they doing in Paris?  And they're charging for you to get to the front of the line.
  Meanwhile, no one is mad at Universal.
  Two hundred and twenty five dollars on top of a hundred and ten dollar admission.
  We are now what we're looking at now is like, you know, if we were to go now, we have to go get in ticket lines.
  Right.
 And by the time we're out of those and we get into the park, we have now spent three hundred and forty dollars for two hours in Universal Studios, which is like that's like the rate of a high priced attorney.
  This is an unbelievable waste of money.
  We're all starting to freak.
 I mean, yeah.
 How crazy is that?  I'm looking at the website.
  So so it was basically for like a park hopper front of the line.
  No, no, no.
 This was only for Universal Studios.
  Doesn't apply to Islands of Adventure.
  So they have an express for one park and it doesn't even work on every ride.
  That's how much it costs and it does not get you admission.
  I can like these are we're a bunch of adults.
  Not everybody is a theme park mega fan.
  I was confused as hell by the app.
  Everybody else is pretty confused, too.
  And we as evidenced by that, we all ended up with a kind of ticket that is not a ticket.
  This was so maddening.
 This was such a crazy new.
  It's such highway robbery.
 Now, granted, this was a Sunday in the summer.
  And I think the prices fluctuate on these things.
  I think there are days where maybe this for eighty dollars or something.
  But we all were just like, OK, if one is one hundred ten and one is two hundred, that extra money probably is the express.
  Right.
 No, no, no.
  It is not.
 This is so infuriating.
  So like we've we're all realizing how much money we've wasted.
  And we're starting to talk to the ticket person like, well, is there any way around this?  And how do we and like we're all looking at each other and oh, my God.
  And then we turn and one of the people in our group is in the park.
  He just walked in while we all were arguing and freaking out about the amount of money and distracting our own ticket person.
  This motherfucker just walked into the park.
  So he's just in.
 And we have meanwhile, we all might be down hundreds of dollars and not have any access.
  He for free because of lack security is just in Universal Studios.
  He we we finally figure out what happened and we're staring at him like you motherfucker.
  God damn it.
 And he runs off and and we all go off to figure out what the hell we're going to do.
  Somebody has a solid idea, which is, oh, my God.
  Well, look, Islands of Adventure closes one hour later.
  So what if we convert all of this?  We go talk to guest services and we get in the Islands of Adventure because at least we get more time.
  OK, that makes sense.
 So we'll actually get a decent amount of time out of all this.
  So we're all walking over to go to a lightly themed like Arabian Nights guest services stand and stand in there for God knows how long.
  Meanwhile, the guy who snuck in is calling me like what is the closest ride I could do?  What's the closest thing I could do right now?  I was like, I think you got to do race through New York.
 Right.
  So there's no argument there.
 You hear there's a Jimmy Fallon ride.
  You got to do the Jimmy Fallon ride.
 We go into the guest services line.
  There are so many people in the guest services line.
 We are losing hours.
  We were so late on this thing.
  There's so much money burning all in our pocket.
  And how long are we going to wait in this stupid thing?  Half of people break off to go do shots in the toothless, the toothless, the toothless of Emporium.
  Toothless would not be a good, not a good name for a candy store.
  That implies overly sweet services.
  Anyway, so I'm standing in an annoying line while other people are doing shots.
  And then this guy's calling.
 This guy's texting just like, hey, this ride sucks.
  Yeah, I know.
 I've been through it.
 It's a whole thing.
 Yes, I know.
  I send you there for that reason.
  So like precious minutes are ticking away.
 Are we going to get any time in this park?  Why did we come here? Why did we do any of this?  Finally, we get up to the front of this thing in order to get and keep in mind at this point between 12 people that but that amount of money we've all spent.
  But this group collectively owes $2,700 to Universal that we are hoping to get back.
  But we've all checked our tickets at this point and they say non-transferable, non-refundable.
  Oh my God, what have we done? What a huge mess.
  And we walk up to the guy sort of a little hot because we've all had with the arguments have been going in our head.
  And you know, it's confusing.
 That's like, and we spent so much money.
  And it's a bachelor party.
 This is a special weekend for him.
  We're just like too hot.
 And the guy is so calm.
 The nicest guy.
  He says this will not be a problem.
 Do not worry about this.
 We will get you the refund.
  OK, fantastic.
 Great.
  Now, did you all purchase together? No, of course not.
 We all purchased separately.
  OK, well, in order to refund all of you individually, that will take, let's see, two hours.
  No, we don't have two hours.
 We want to go into the park.
 Is there anything else we can do?  And finally, he says, all right, you can buy tickets from me and I will give you a phone number that you can call and you can resolve all of this later.
  And you can go into the park right now.
  Thank God, because boy, did we time and you guys know like you have you've been in scenarios where like something is keeping you from being in the theme park and it's right there.
  This is the stress of Wally World.
 This is the stress of the tiny tunes.
  How I spent my vacation here next to a theme park and you can't get into the thing.
 This was a true nightmare.
  Oh, the worst.
 Yeah, I would have.
  I would have long abandoned this group without a trace.
 I would have disappeared.
  I would have disappeared.
 And also, let me say beforehand, I don't think you told me, but you told us you were going.
  I don't think you'd said how many people were going.
 And I sent you like three possible scenarios.
  I was like, OK, well, if you have this many, you could likely do a group rate.
 I don't know how many you have.
  Now, if you do that, if you want to do this, if you want to hit both parks, you could buy this kind of ticket and add the express on.
  Or if you want to just do the one now, the island has the most rides, but you might be waiting in the most line.
  Like I I was fully like presenting options, not thinking like, oh, right.
  Bachelor parties are insane.
 And like it's it's hard to get an eight person improv group to make decisions like, yeah, no one's going to, you know, you know,  I was not thinking what I promoted all these options to you.
  So well, you were think I wasn't thinking by not looking at them.
  You know what? Here's the here's the thing.
 You sent me all that because I asked you guys.
  We only have one day.
 Should I go to Universal or Islands of Adventure?  And Jason, you presented the arguments and I was thinking about the areas and I was just blinded by my love of botanicals.
  I had to go see him.
 And then so much so that I messed up the entire group.
  I never looked up how many hours the park was open.
  Of course, it made more sense to go to Islands of Adventure.
  It's also where the roller coasters are.
 That's where people want to go.
  People don't want to see teakley and moop moop and whatever their names are.
  And I had to say goodbye to my dream.
 I was punished.
 I didn't get to see my friends.
  I'll be there soon.
 I woke.
 I will come pay homage to the botanicals, the great and powerful.
  Yeah, you were trying to help me.
 I should have.
  If we had listened to you to begin with, none of this would have happened.
  No, but it's true.
 You're clearly now you like gave me the path and if I just follow the path.
  I'm still reeling from the fact that if today if you bought an express pass today for Universal, it's two hundred and eighty nine ninety nine.
  That's the day that we're recording this, which is a Saturday.
  Yes, exactly.
 It's more than what we spent on it.
  Yeah.
 And I think that's the highest rate I've seen.
  And maybe like same day they really jack it up to like the end of the month or I guess the end of next whenever.
  Yeah, like the end of August.
 You can get some for one hundred and thirty or one hundred and forty.
  But to nine like, yeah, what's funny is you are getting so close to just paying for a universal hotel room  where in your room key is the express pit where they go like, yeah, just show your room key.
  Whatever, go down like, you know, it limited selection of universal hotel rooms.
  But I guess that's how they push people to like, yeah, just stay here and, you know, you get this for free.
  But like this is probably also how they limit the number of people who buy the a la carte express pass every day.
  I'm shocked.
 That's an incredible perk.
 I'm not going to make this mistake.
  I will stay.
 I've been wanting to.
 I've been thinking I think next time I will stay at Universal.
  It makes sense to me.
 Those hotels.
 Yeah.
  Good.
 Royal Pacific and Hard Rock.
 I mean, you just walk right into City Walk, essentially.
  It's so close.
 A little more money.
 But yeah, the perks are nice.
  Well, it might be a good option if I don't know, the three of us had any cause to spend a lot of time at City Walk Orlando.
  I don't know if that was the kind of thing that it sounded good to anyone to us or to the audience.
  Well, I don't know.
 I don't even know you're getting it.
  Yeah, but maybe you're either.
 So it's all it's also I like to go to the toothless chocolate factory, I guess.
 Yeah.
  We can recreate some of the bachelor party to.
 Well, I would look I think maybe I think shots are part of the equation for me now.
  I would like to see I would like to see Jason jump out of the boat in Mexico, Mexico Pavilion.
  I'll show you the spot.
 Go, go, go.
 Now's your opening.
 Go.
  Just like breaks his leg trying to get back in the boat.
  Well, and that's a great segue.
 You didn't even know about this.
 But Scott, while you're doing all this, I want to pay off a story hanging thread from earlier episodes that was referenced a number of times.
  Well, you're in Florida getting into your high jinx.
 I'm back in Los Angeles County getting an MRI on my knee.
  And Mike, it turns out you were right to say, get that looked at because it's not a big thing.
  But the doctor did say, we're seeing minor tendonitis and arthritis.
 So no, no, it's fine.
  They honestly did not care very much.
 They had already given me a physical therapy referral.
  And I but I did have to listen to a doctor's assistant on the phone.
 I went, well, I know you treat tendonitis with stretching and physical therapy.
 How do you treat arthritis?  Pretty sure they said Tylenol.
 And I was like, oh, cool, man.
 Very casual diagnosis.
  Tylenol forever.
 Great.
 You have an arthritic knee?  Minor arthritis.
 And there is Tylenol arthritis.
 And it is some sort of miracle drug because within one dose, I was like, oh, yes, feels a lot better.
 Wow.
  Which is good because the American medical system then greeted me with our wait time for physical therapy appointments is six weeks.
  And I was like, OK, cool.
 I'm glad I already know some stretches.
 So I'm sorry to hear that.
  I was hoping you were just going to be like, you need to take a multivitamin sometimes.
 No, it's fine.
  Honestly, I was kind of relieved that they're like the diagnosis is not you're a slovenly idiot who didn't move for 16 months.
 You moron.
  It was it.
 They literally said like, yeah, you're just aging there.
 You know, you just treat the pain.
  And I was like, OK, cool.
 Well, thanks.
 Realistic doctor.
 So but no one was any adult.
  I've told this to have been like, oh, yeah, it's not a big deal.
 It's fine.
 It's nothing.
 So it's like it might be.
  It is remarkably on brand, though, that like a return from this party weekend and then I get to hear about Jason's new arthritis diagnosis.
  Yeah.
 As soon as they told me, I'm like, well, this is kind of a minor pain in the ass for me.
  But a cave like podcast storyline wise, this is perfect.
 You talked about on the podcast.
  It's a business expense.
 This is what you get to pay for your medical bills.
  Charge them to the Patriot.
 I was happy to find my physical therapy.
  Go pay is pretty reasonable.
 So I was like, oh, OK, well, that's good.
  And I had done it before, so I had a little experience with it.
 So anyway, fantastic.
  So been more affordable than a universal express pass slightly more.
  Yeah, I think I get a lot of sessions of physical therapy for an all-incorporate universal express.
  Universal Express, man.
  Let me OK, we've got a while.
 I'll plow through this.
  The once we were after all of this horseshit, once we got in, this was I think the best time I've ever had in Islands of Adventure specifically.
  We just ripped through stuff.
 I think the rush of it just made it like and this and this and this group that had never done Spider-Man blown away.
  I think everyone agreed the best ride of the entire trip.
 Just cheering and elation.
 So, so great.
  The Hulk.
 I still do not do the Hulk.
 I thought about doing the Hulk.
 I was eyeing it.
  I was walking up to it and then I'm like, I think that's the line.
  I think Rock and Roller makes it just into my over the sideline.
  I think Hulk's a little bit over and the people who went on it, a couple of them seemed like a little rattled.
  I was like, I think I might have made the right call.
  I was hoping you were so jacked up that maybe you were going to do it.
  I wondered that could have been.
 I would have liked to have come back with an entirely new thing.
  But again, the thing that I come back with is that I didn't tattle on the person who got off the boat.
 That's as extreme as I went.
  Instead, I broke off and I did Skull Island, which we don't have time to talk about.
  But you know what? I liked that a lot more than I thought I would.
 That was kind of I think Skull Island's kind of a banger.
  I think it's a little quietly.
 Jason, you've done it.
 Mike, you haven't done it.
  I've done it.
 Yeah, you have done it.
 Everybody's done it.
  Okay.
 Yeah, I did Express Pass on and I think I missed some of the cooler parts of the line doing that.
  The line's cool.
 I thought the line was really that was kind of what made me like it a lot.
  Yeah.
 So and I like I liked it fine.
 I mean, obviously, yeah, like it's it's a lot of the similar stuff to the tram tour out here.
  But I did.
 I liked it.
 I liked it.
 I just thought I think I was like a little let down maybe in general.
  I mean, then you get a big Kong head.
 So I also had this island new blar IPA hitting me that I think would have made me like anything that I got in line for.
  I was I was I was feeling it.
 I felt great.
 But there's like the line.
  The line is like jump scares is like weird little hidden things are cool.
 And I heard and I missed that.
  Yeah, I think that may I think it primed me.
 Maybe there that is one where you want to you know, look again, don't pay for the don't pay for as  tempting as it might be to pay two hundred eighty nine dollars to Universal and then not get into the theme park.
  Yeah.
 Go in some of these lines.
 Yeah.
 If it's eighty dollars, maybe in that case, knock yourself out.
  That's what I always knew it as.
 But I guess they switched to seasonal pricing, too.
  And a lot of people have a there's a lot of negative numbers in the twenty twenty column on the accounting sheet.
  So they're trying to make up for some stuff.
 You know, I bet it's same day, too.
  I bet you got you same day pricing like as if you were flying the same way on an airline like punished.
  Yeah, I think you're right.
 Oh, yeah, because they want to make sure that people aren't like  if everybody did that, then everybody's just getting that and just jumping at the front of the line.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  They're trying to keep riff raff like us out.
 Exactly.
 They heard about us from Disney World.
 We're getting off the boats.
  For sure.
 They heard.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I Velocicoaster.
 I don't think I can pretend that I did.
 I think you know that I didn't do it.
  I know.
 If you didn't do it, you didn't do this one.
 I wasn't going to do it.
  And again, a couple of people in our group did.
 And when as soon as that when I asked them out was  and they said, yeah, it's kind of crazy.
 You're not in the harness.
 You're just in the seat.
  And I was like, that's right.
 There is no harness.
 There is no harness, mommy, for me to hug.
  Of course, I'm not going on the Velocicoaster.
 It's definitely like twisted colossus, I think, in that regard.
  Where you will feel like you're flying out of it.
 Oh, can't wait.
 Can't wait.
 I'm going to do it.
  I will do it.
 But it is definitely going to be similar to twisted colossus.
  I just hope it does not crush my genitalia.
 I think it being made by better by people who know what they're doing a little more.
  Hopefully it's not a genitalia crusher.
 Twisted Colossus was built by the Molensie teens.
  They themselves built it.
 The teenagers there.
  What if you like broke the ride and like the new ride was like twisting through it?  What if like everyone's dick got crushed? Would it be funny? Yeah, I think it would be funny.
  Twisted.
 Hey, let's trip.
 Let's trip bad.
  I so I didn't go on Velocicoaster and I had 15 minutes to kill and I was I so how did I feel this time?  I have a little bit of time left in Island's Adventure.
 My podcast, the Ride Boys, would be so proud of me.
  I filled the time with a double header.
 Maybe this is the best ride neighbors.
  Popeye and Bluedo's, Bill Dry Barges and Dudley Do-Rites, Rip Saw Falls.
  I was having the most I think the most Jason-y run of time and it was a blast.
  I just like running from one to the other.
 Like I only have two minutes to get from one to the other.
 Can I do it?  I got on one of the last to see Dudley and Nell for the day.
  Those are great.
 Oh my God.
 I had so much fun.
 I'm so glad I did them.
  Yeah, that's great.
 I mean, that's yeah, we can't be mad.
 You're surrounded by the Kingfisher Syndicate characters once you get off the ride.
  Yeah, I gotta go see my KFS pals.
  I did like both of those rides.
 Popeye had the raft to myself.
  That was fantastic.
 Just being out there on the.
 Yeah, yeah, pretty nice.
  Kicking feet up.
 I had a poncho, like an emergency poncho for in case it started raining a lot and like, oh, wait, it's still in the pocket.
  And I haven't used it.
 It didn't really rain through that thing on.
 It did nothing.
  To paraphrase the Radioactive Man movie, the poncho did nothing.
  Truly just kind of they told me to like, you know, that's not going to help you.
  Well, we'll see.
 And then it truly did not.
 Popeye is getting snagged on pieces of the line.
  Like it would rip behind me and almost like yank my neck back.
  I almost got decapitated by the poncho.
 That's all.
 Popeye is ridiculous.
  It's ridiculous.
 You just can't even believe you're getting that much water.
  It's really wild.
 And you don't really see it.
  Like for a while, there's not a lot happening.
 And then just towards the end, they find their they find their zones.
  There's those like punishment zones where you can't.
 Oh, yeah.
 You just have to go through here.
  And then a really like going up the lift hill of Dudley, there's like just a when you round the corner and then see like, hang on.
  Why is there just a drip here? This is for not it's not even themed anything.
  There's not like an octopus barfing it up or whatever.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's just a leaky pipe.
 What is the point?  I sit similarly.
 The drying tent did nothing.
 I hopped in there.
  I'm like, I'm going to be an adult.
 I'm going to get into this into this J Ward themed drying tent.
  And it does light up very red.
 And I put like my socks and everything as close as they could be to the end.
  Like, truly, it maybe it got me 10 percent dryer.
 It was so rough.
 You paid for it, right?  I did.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Ten dollars.
 Five.
 Not ten.
  Five.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'm glad I needed something, but oh, my God, I wasn't dry till I got home.
 It was horrible.
  I guess I still don't understand that.
 I don't understand the appeal of all that.
 But maybe some maybe maybe a couple more trips and I'll get it.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 I've never done the drying tents.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Not.
  But you know what I did? I did film some content in there.
 So keep an eye on the Twitter.
 I was in there.
  It took so long.
 I got bored and I was like, well, maybe I got time for a little content.
  So there's that.
 Then I get to the last day.
 Everybody else goes home and I'm like, I'm in Florida.
  I'm going to go to another park.
 I'm going to do it.
  You guys remind when I was like, what do I do with this last day?  And now I sort of wish that I had gone to see Botanicus, except not because I had a lovely last day.
  My little day solo.
 When I asked you guys, what is there that I haven't done or that you haven't done?  You reminded me Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway.
 So I went to Disney Studios and got that one done.
  Don't have time for it here.
 We'll do an episode once you guys have done it.
  It rules.
 It's great.
 And it says something that I'm saying that because I think I texted you guys.
  I think it was the worst line I've ever been in.
 Yeah, you just say that.
  It's just outside.
 It's just pure outside.
 And the heat was miserable.
  Occasionally you catch an umbrella, but then families keep stopping under the umbrella.
  And those are in demand.
  And I forgot to get a water before I got in there.
  So I'm dying.
 Like really wretched line experience.
  But the ride shut me up.
 It's like Rise of the Resistance, but for children.
  It's like a fun, friendly Rise of the Resistance.
 I loved it.
 Great.
  Wow.
 OK, that's good.
 I was wondering, because you said the line was so you were so unhappy with it.
  I was like, oh, is that going to color the rest of the experience?  But no.
 Yeah, you might think so.
 But no, I yeah, I really enjoyed it.
  There's a lot of there's so many surprises in it.
 I think I had watched a ride through of like half, but I left some of it.
  Have you guys watched it? Do you sort of know what happens?  I've seen like a little clip here and there, but I've tried to avoid it.
 Yeah, same here.
  It's it's it's so fun.
 It's so visually engaging.
  As with all of the trackless ride, all the trackless vehicle rides, there's things you don't expect that it can do.
  Just like fun.
 This thing does this.
 That's that's so funny.
  And I oh, and it's got those little Rise of the Resistance tricks where like, wait, wasn't this room just this?  Like you and like we went in here and then it seamlessly transitioned here.
  But weren't we here before? Like it's got all those little like, I don't know.
  I love this like whatever this trackless thing enables Imagineers to do in terms of trickery.
  It was so much fun.
 So good reviews on that.
 Can't wait for that to come here.
  I knew a person in a lot that there was a listener checking me in to the ride.
  Apparently the person who asked me how many in your party and I was proud to say one.
  Always great to say one.
 Apparently that person was tweeting at me later.
  Anna Lynn, their listener to the show.
 Shout out to Anna Lynn.
  And then I went to see another listener.
 I went to see Malia, who's a good friend of the show, a good big supporter of the show,  who is the person who was willing to participate in the influencer program at the Island H2O Live.
  So I knew her name.
 And she also she's hopped around the park in a lot of different capacities.
  And I think like is waiting for a thing or two to open up.
  And it's like, well, what is open? Because I just want to be back at Disney World.
  And I think she asked, like, you know, if there was something at Pizza Rizzo, I wouldn't say no.
  And they said, why, in fact, so she works at Pizza Rizzo.
  When I tweeted, I was there.
 One of the first comments was, come visit me at Pizza Rizzo.
  And I'm like, yeah, why not? Yeah, that sounds good to me.
  And and I got a personal tour of Pizza Rizzo.
 I got to see the banquet room.
  I don't know what else I I learned exactly.
  She herself is confused about like, is the idea that Rizzo works back there?  And is he our boss or is he a franchisee?  And are there others of these like Malia had some questions, but she's like tried to make up mythology in case anyone asks.
  I'm not sure anyone has asked, but she's ready.
  If you see Malia there and you want to hear some back story, she's got some ideas.
  OK, so are you I mean, are you willing to yet say Pizza Rizzo is good?  You know what? I didn't eat there because I went straight into the park and got a Ronto wrap.
  That was one of my priorities.
 So I was I was full.
 I did not have the pizza.
  But in terms of the experience, getting to meet Malia and take a photo and have a fun chat from that, I think I can say that Pizza Rizzo is good.
  I had a good experience with rat pizza.
  So, you know, if you take the food out of the equation or maybe don't, maybe I'm missing out.
  I'm not sure.
 But but in my food list equation, I will say Pizza Rizzo is good.
  Well, good.
 OK, next time.
 I mean, next time we're there, we will do a thorough report, I think, because the Pizza Rizzo episode is a long time coming.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And I think we all got to we got to do more research and really, really vet this thing.
  And of course, I'm sorry I didn't eat there.
 Obviously, I should have been a little more prepared.
  Sure.
 Of course.
 I also took a little time to do some souvenir shopping.
  And, gentlemen, I will present to you some desk signs from which you can tout your newly hired position as producers for G-Force Records.
  G-Force Records.
  Wow, thank you very much.
  The G-Force Records is the record label in Rock and Roller Coaster for whom Steven Tyler for whom Aerosmith is just recording Walk This Way again.
  They're still recording Walk This Way.
  Well, yeah, Scooter Braun's got a death grip on the original master, so they're re-recording.
  Oh, he got them too, bastard.
  That's too bad.
  Those are yours.
 Congrats, producers.
  And then I had some time to kill and I didn't have enough time to go on a ride really and I didn't want to wait.
  I love Slinky Dog, but I'm not doing two hours for Slinky Dog.
 That doesn't make any sense to me.
  And I wanted to do something mellow.
 I just wanted to take it out mellow.
  So I took a boat ride over to I think I'm about to drop maybe the most obscure place in Disney World, maybe the most obscure place in a theme park.
  Mention on the show, unless I'm wrong.
  But I went and I took a boat and took a nice reflective walk at the Michael Graves Causeway.
  You know the Michael Graves Causeway?  Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?  I honestly don't.
 I wish I did and I'd love to pretend.
  I know what I can hazard a guess what that is.
  He was the one who ended up with the Swan and Dolphin contract.
  The architect of the Swan and Dolphin that is correct.
  The beautiful Swan and Dolphin.
 The beautiful locked in late 80s.
  So peach, so turquoise.
  It's the same architect as the Dwarfs building and the Disney lot.
  His work just takes me back to that Disney decade Eisner era.
  I love being in the shadow of the Swan and Dolphin and I just took a little stroll.
  They dedicated the pathway between the two hotels to the hotel daddy Michael Graves.
  That's right.
  And I took a nice relaxing walk.
  I got a beer at the boardwalk.
  I was texting you guys a little bit and I walked it over to the beach club resort.
  Truly after all this hecticness and party buses and sneaking off for rides and barely eating the whole time.
  Just getting to have a little moment of calm.
  Look at the beautiful Epcot Bay.
  Look at Michael Graves fantastic work and his beautiful causeway.
  I thought about all the experiences I made.
  I thought about my child.
  I thought about my parents and my childhood trips there.
  Truly I had this beautiful little calm moment of reflection before having to rush to the airport.
  I left too much time instead of too little.
  This is maybe the most relaxed I've ever been at Disney World.
  It was really beautiful.
 I got a lot of thinking.
  I called my parents.
 I said thank you for all those trips.
  I've been chasing this feeling of being here my whole life.
  I was very sincere to my parents.
  I can't tell you how great I felt there after all this time and missing it so much.
  Yeah, those moments will get you.
  I've done this exact same thing alone.
  I think maybe on both of my last two trips alone, maybe had a piece of pizza on the boardwalk, walked into Swan and Dolphin, sat looking at the water.
  That's one of the top attractions at Disney World, I think, is contemplating your life at the boardwalk.
  Looking out onto Crescent Lake.
 Is that right?  I guess I should know if I'm going to call this one of my favorite places.
  I guess I should know that.
 You pass by that International Gateway.
  We got a dinner episode about all this.
  The most mellow, reflective episode.
  We'll all tear up a little bit.
 We'll all be so relaxed.
  I'm so glad you agree on this, Mike.
 It's a beautiful spot.
  Whenever I'm there, I'm just like, wow, I can't believe I'm here again.
  I'm having a little moment of calm.
  I saw somebody I know from high school that posted from Disney World today and somebody I haven't talked to in a long time post from that.
  Like, man, love this spot at Disney World.
  Just today.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  You know what? This is one of those things.
  Listeners, send us your photos.
 Send us your photos from that area.
  If you're ever in the Michael Graves Causeway, at me, tribute the great work of the great Graves.
  Represent that Graves life.
  Yeah, what can I say? I just like this was so fantastic.
  There's those episodes that are complaining and that was, you know, was at the time I have my complaints about the Express Pass and, you know, look, almost flying fish didn't go up and down like I wanted to.
  But I had a beautiful time there.
 I had a beautiful time down here, down in Orlando.
  To the Bachelor, if you're listening, thank you for having me.
  Thank you for having me.
 Thank you for everything.
 My best of luck is your best of luck to you as you continue the next part of your journey with your wonderful wife.
  This is so sincere.
  And I value your friendship and I want you to know that.
  And you too, Mike and Jason.
  And as we march through this life.
  Oh, boy.
  Okay, I got to get a hold of myself.
 I'm becoming a mess here.
  Yeah, I get it.
 No, you guys know that feeling.
  It's been a while.
 It was all pandemic and I didn't think I'd be back there so soon.
  It was emotional.
 It was a lot.
  It was such a blast.
  No, I understand.
 I long to sit alone and sip or gnaw on food.
  A solitary sit and sip.
  We should all be so lucky to get it.
  I'm jealous.
 I would like, hopefully soon.
  Hopefully soon I'll get to be back there.
  I think so.
 Yeah, everybody's got to try and all I can try to do is pass that sit and sip magic on to you guys.
  If you can just get a little bit of the, imagine it like flaking off of me like black ant salt.
  Delicious.
  And the black ants are crawling off of me onto you, but they're magical ants and they'll make you so excited and so relaxed.
  What a dream.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Chompo's ants, everyone.
  You survived podcast the ride.
 Very excited, sincere.
  Scott, trip report edition.
  I was very excited to share this with all of you and hey, to meet a couple of listeners as well.
  Boy, I'm feeling fine.
  And what else? I don't know.
  I guess I should, should I just like give the bachelor's wedding?  I should encourage every listener to give him a wedding present, correct?  Yeah, go to the registry.
 We'll post it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I know.
 We'll send it.
 I think they're doing Williams Sonoma.
  It might be Target for some basics.
  Gift cards work, but like it's not that person.
 I don't know.
  I think Dawn went into it, yeah.
  Whatever you can afford.
  Well, yeah, there's the Philadelphia special is a check hastily filled out in between the ceremony and the reception and like wedged in a card.
  And if you're really running behind, you are buying the card in between two events too.
  All the text on it is shaky because it's being filled out in a cab.
  Oh, very shaky, but it'll clear, you know, as long as it clears, you know.
  The bride's name is misspelled.
 You were never sure what it was to begin with.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Don't ruminate too much on whether you make it out to the bride or the groom.
  They do not care.
 They will deposit it one way or the other.
  They're a family now.
 It doesn't matter.
 They're one and the same.
 They're the same thing.
  Hey, yes.
 Thanks, everybody, so much for listening.
 Thanks for following my tales and a little bit more Orlando content coming at you on the socials and keep it tuned here.
  I loved it.
 I love you.
 I love everyone.
 Goodbye.
