 Five, four, three, two, one.
  There's a party going on right here.
  A celebration that Disney bailed on after about 10 years.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Hi, I can't think of a bigger party than this episode  and discussing the new urbanism movement  in American architecture.
  Absolutely.
  It's gonna be, yes, all the ins and outs of a movement,  both visually and aesthetically,  and city planning, it's city planning today.
  Mike Carlson's excited about all this.
  I don't know that that all sounds like a celebration  as much as like an investigation, maybe.
  Yeah, okay.
  But you're not picturing like a conga line of lawsuits  due to faulty building materials.
  Well, if you're saying I should picture  anthropomorphic lawsuits doing a conga line now,  now I am thinking of a party.
  Now you have put in a fun image into my head  of like legal papers dancing with each other,  and that's great, that's fun.
  That's something I can celebrate.
  Thick folders, opening statements.
  Yes, exactly, and they're dancing,  and there's a lot of like, you know, yeah, like,  I don't know what lawsuits, how they work,  but there's sentences that are very aggressive  in those folders, you know?  A lot of numbers, it's like long paragraphs,  but then there's also numbers along with every line of it  so that you can say, page 52, line 74.
  Right, they cite, yes, there's like a, there's a key,  there's a, is that a key, is a key, is a,  what would you call that, an index, I guess,  an index is what I'm looking for.
  Could be.
 So that's fun.
  Those are new.
 This is what my father did,  and I know nothing about it.
 Really?  Yeah, pretty much.
  I remember, mostly what I remember is when somebody,  like somebody vaguely celebrity contacted him  about like, maybe, I believe he almost represented  one of the members of Mob Deep, the rapper Mob Deep.
  Was there somebody named Prodigy?  Yes, Prodigy and Mob Deep.
  Yes.
  So I remember that that happened,  that he was on the phone with somebody  representing Prodigy from Mob Deep.
  As for what this was, I'm sure it was something very dry,  and I don't think it ended up occurring, but.
  Were you ever encouraged to go into the family business?  Absolutely, yes.
  That's a big thing, that I broke from  at least five, maybe six generations of doctors or lawyers.
  Wow.
  It was either doctor or lawyer for so long.
  So for a long time it was said,  hey, now keep this in mind, the Gardener men,  and it's all Gardener too, like just that specific lineage.
  Yeah.
  And I, by being a whatever I am, whatever pile of shit.
  Whoa.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Kind of a big, like, you know,  they've always been very supportive of it.
  But for sure I was told, like, you know,  you can continue a proud tradition.
  At this point in time, just the fact that I passed it along,  that I didn't also end the lineage, feels pretty good.
  Oh yeah, that's true.
  I sure I broke from the tradition of understandable jobs  as opposed to the hodgepodge of creative nonsense that I do.
  But at least I, yeah, genetic code was passed along.
  Wow, so you started, yeah, maybe you've started  another five to seven year tradition of, again,  whatever it is you do, what you would say you do,  that'll be another five to seven generations,  and then it'll go back to being like lawyer, doctor,  or whatever.
  Or just keep trading hands in this, like, centuries long manner.
  Yes, exactly.
  Yes, exactly.
  It'll be, yeah, it'll be, yeah, multi,  it'll be a thousand year old stories people will tell  and like speak of your great, great, great grandfather  who broke the lineage and he became a comedy podcaster  slash TV writer.
  There better be, podcasting had better continue  for five generations in a row.
  I think it's got the, I think it's got the mojo.
  I think it can.
  By the time your child is grown,  there'll be all sorts of like new streaming services  and delivery methods just going belly up, you know?  Yeah.
  He'll have the opportunity to multiple times  have a project disappear  because the entire platform disappeared.
  Yeah.
  At that point.
  To have an entire, your podcast network fall apart  all of a sudden seven episodes into doing your podcast.
  That's true, yeah.
  Boy, this, you know what?  I think the doctor lawyer pressure is back on.
  I think I'm rerouting him.
  That might be a rare tangent  on a otherwise straight line.
  That seems like a real safe bet  that that many generations of lawyers and doctors,  inevitably someone would go into the arts.
  And yes, just like growing pains,  that's the Michael J.
 Fox one, right?  The parents are hippies and he's the conservative.
  That's family tie.
  Yeah, if it does continue, yeah,  if your next generation's going to the arts,  someone will rebel and go to.
  There'll be an Alex B.
 Keaton coming  in the next few generations  is what Jason is trying to say.
  Sure, oh boy.
  Michael J.
 Fox's character.
  Oh, I don't want it to be, let's let one pass  because young conservatives now,  I do not, I hope I'm not already raising one of those  without knowing it.
  I don't know if you are that genetically.
  I feel like you might be.
  Dear God.
  Yeah, I don't want to say I wouldn't be accepting  of anything.
  I would say 99.
9% of lifestyles.
  I am a okay with an encouraging of young conservative.
  Oh boy.
  Unless that unless what that is changes a lot  by the time he's grown.
  Yeah, young conservative in Southern California,  like, oh, that that's not going to be an easy road  to ho kid like that's not going to be.
  You got to monitor the TV  because if he's watching like Gutfeld Jr.
  I've been a couple years, like that's going to be a big,  like you got to figure out a way to like cut that  out of the TV or like to blank to like stop channels  from being broadcast.
  Whimsical, tell him, tell him the fun stuff you talk about.
  Like don't don't explain to him Lexan capital  and private equity and all that.
  This episode could be the gateway.
  Unfortunately, there's a lot of stuff there.
  Like I think conservatism rears its head.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  This is where we pass from theme park stuff over to.
  Yeah, there's a lot of icky stuff going on here,  but I think at the at the root of it,  just to be to be very clear,  which I don't think we were at the beginning  with all these tangents,  we are talking about Disney's town.
  This is when Disney started a town.
  Let's not dress it up more than it needs to.
  It needs to be dressed up.
  Disney had a bunch of acreage that they had not  the fleshed out or done anything with  on that Disney World property.
  And what if we used it to do the grand experiment  of a planned community?  Do you guys remember when this was going on?  Were you tracking this circa?  Everything says 94.
  I don't know exactly when people moved in  or the town square was up and right.
  I feel like maybe not until 96, 97.
  Was it like really in full bloom if it ever was?  Groundbreaking.
  I do actually have those numbers.
  Groundbreaking, spring 1994, first residents,  summer 96, and then the town center in November 96.
  Now, I'm sure they used at least the groundbreaking  and the town center to hold like big.
  There's footage of Eisner down there,  cutting ribbons and such.
  Yeah.
  And he's part of it.
  There's a lot of Eisnerism going on here.
  This, in fact, is one of the bigger swings  of a big swing in era.
  That Disney decade, we're gonna conquer the world  and it's not just about getting some hit movies.
  It's about true dominance of the globe.
  I think in Eisner's mind, we do this once  and then maybe we do it like 20 times.
  Maybe there's so many Disney towns by the year 2000.
  Disney towns, yes.
  I mean, it is a real like super villain plan  because it is what you're saying.
  It does the sense of like, yes, one successful Disney town  and then maybe we'll own a city in every state  in every country.
  Like, yeah, it's crazy.
  I'm sure that's what they were thinking.
  And it's so funny to read the analysis of it.
  I mean, some of it's definitely,  there's been almost 20 years of articles about this place  every article, no matter what year,  makes sure to say Disney's town,  even if they had well sold it off.
  And most of the articles use either Truman Show  or Pleasantville as a reference point  and a lot of them use the word creepy.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Don't forget Stepford, Stepford's in there.
  Stepford's good, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And this is one of those scenarios  and I'm sure we'll keep coming back to this,  but it's one of those where I don't disagree.
  I don't disagree with that point of view.
  It is creepy and it's undeniably Truman and Stepford-esque.
  However, on the other side of it,  I feel like the media had such a hard on for this place  and analyzing it and watching it fail.
  Like, I was looking this up on the New York Times.
com.
  The New York Times wrote about this place,  like 20 times over the,  like so much ink was spent on celebration  and like just like salivating over every move of like,  like, ooh, a perfect utopia.
  The mouse, the mouse is trying to build some houses  and just like everything it means  in the American dream and corporate whatever.
  Like, I like, in other words,  this is one of those scenarios  where I don't like either side of it particularly.
  I don't like the rooting for it to fail so hard.
  I don't know if I like the thing either.
  Yeah, I was watching footage.
  There's a lot of videos on YouTube.
  People have milked this as like,  what's the deal with celebration?  What's celebration like now?  Like driving through celebration.
  And it, you know, I was gonna say,  it's all more complicated.
  It's all very complicated because I don't,  yeah, from a distance, it looks kinda nice.
  But like when you get down to the nitty gritty,  there's like, oh yeah, there's some stuff here  that's not great.
  You know, there's some like misses for sure.
  I mean, the new urbanism, you know,  that I mentioned earlier was a design movement  meant to like correct the ills of like car culture.
  Like bringing it back to walkable neighborhoods,  like a town center and that sort of thing.
  And it's going against like,  because the idea is that post-war,  that you go work in the city and you drive there  and it's the rat race, but you live in the suburbs  and that's far away and that's wrapped up in malls  and why there's malls is like,  well, we need something over here.
  You shouldn't have to go all the way to the city  to be able to do something and communicate with people.
  And then this new urbanism is like,  what if we started from scratch  and made houses near the town center  and it's all kinda one through line?  Yeah.
 Yes.
  And it's, I think everyone agrees  there are good intentions involved.
  But like with so much, once you start building enough,  enough money gets involved.
  Like you've run into a lot of the same things  that cities and towns of all sizes run into,  which is, you know, economic disparities,  racial disparities, you know,  people work in the stores in the town,  they can't afford to live in the town,  but they work there, you know,  and you can't, they seemed like they were trying  to get ahead of that, but it so much was going on  and so much of course worked.
  Well, it's like they,  But didn't, yeah.
  They like identified all of these,  all the syndromes that you're saying,  they're like, now we know that these are the things  that usually happen.
  And we thought about that.
  And by saying that we know that they happen,  we will make it not happen,  but then it all kind of happened.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's like, there was, look,  there's plenty of Eisner Disney hubris here  of like, you know, we just kind of maybe can wish it away.
  We can wish all the problems.
  If we, if we enchant our wishes with enough dreams,  maybe all the problems that we foresee coming won't happen.
  And if America believes in us,  believes in the magic.
  Yes.
 Then we, our city will be enchant, enchant,  I have to say enchanted.
  I'm still trying to use enchant singular  and it's not working.
  Yeah.
 And you're right.
  People play that up too much.
  And to them, I say, how often do you say enchant in a sentence?  This play this example.
  Celebration, Florida will enchant you, I guess you could say.
  Doesn't feel that weird, actually.
  That's so bad.
  No.
 Yeah.
  But it's only in a highfalutin, you know, you don't say it day to day.
  I guess maybe that's not what they want.
  You should only be enchanted when it's a special occasion  and you're spending a lot of money to be enchanted.
  Right.
 And it's a special type of person that would have to use that too.
  Like if I go, if you go say like, ask me about Celebration, Florida.
  Like, do you lie? Do you think it's good or so?  They asked me just a general question.
  Oh, what do you how do you feel?  What are your feelings on Celebration, Florida?  I don't know.
 I think if you take a trip to Celebration, Florida,  it will enchant you.
  It's not right.
  Yeah, it's not.
  It would also work for like, it feels like movie critic  who's trying to get the quote used.
  Like Cher and Christina Aguilera will enchant you in burlesque.
  That's true.
 Yes.
  Jean Shallot would say it or write it.
 Yeah, that's true.
  So, yeah.
 So, yes, Disney,  Disney couldn't wish away the issues that were  everyone deals with when they're building things like this.
  Yeah, not now, if you back this up all the way  and if you subscribe to this Patreon, then this is probably history  that, you know, but let's just go over it because the first notion of Disney  owning a town and especially owning a town in Florida was Epcot.
  And Epcot stands for experimental prototype community of tomorrow.
  It is a weird phrase that doesn't really describe  what the theme park is anymore.
  But that's if you break down the phrase community  and an experiment and prototype, there's like what a community  could be if we try it out here.
  So basically Epcot was going to be the name of the city,  which was almost like the basis of why Disney World was happening anyway.
  We've talked about all this remarkably little.
  Yes, I know.
 We early on, I think we were talking a little bit about it.
  And it is something I would love to actually maybe step through  the actual Walt Disney special because I I watched that thing  in its entirety not long within the last 10 years.
  And I mean, is it called a dream called Disney World?  Is that the one you mean? Or is it the one where he's  before he died?  Yes.
 So it's like one of the last pieces of footage of him.
  And he's explaining the plan.
  That is called the Florida Project.
  It's called the Florida Project.
 That one, I believe.
  Yeah, that whatever the like tin box, like the box about all the futurey  Tomorrowland space ones that is on there.
  I believe it was a wonderful world at Disney and it was a Florida project.
  Yes, that it was.
  I think it was a wonderful world of Disney for sure.
  And I was floored even knowing like the basic history of that stuff.
  I was floored at the insanity of that plan.
  Not that it might it might have been a fine, interesting thing,  but just the idea that this theme park man who makes movies  is going to build Future City.
  And I was watching it going like,  does it did anyone think this guy who did like they go like,  we got to this guy's got to get we got to put him in a little room like  like what are we doing here?  Walt, I bet that would have been where the brother drew the line.
  We're rolling up in.
  Yeah.
 Well, yeah, Walt is a creative room one and Roy was the money one.
  And they fought over stuff.
  And even Disneyland felt like it wasn't going to happen, but it is.
  Maybe that would have been where like, OK, although he did, as we know,  he went through with buying all the land.
  They did buy the floor and it just became a theme park place.
  Well, I think the exchange was like Roy's like,  you got to put a Disneyland there.
  OK, you got to put a Magic Kingdom there.
 Right.
  Is it going to be able to be your city?  Yeah, we got to have something that's a guarantee.
  It's really a theme park and a hotel.
  It's interesting because we're seeing this with the with the very rich people  we know that are alive now.
  Your Bezos is, of course, like they start to get crazy big plans.
  You know, not just going to Mars and stuff, but colonies,  we're going to build a better world.
  And exactly.
  So that, I guess, is a normal thing for somebody who is very,  very rich and been like very successful for a while.
  But almost everything's gone right.
  Like, yeah, like, again, giant swings.
  And they've more often than not worked out.
  So why wouldn't you start dreaming this right?  Yeah.
 And if you if there is a lot of fine  print with the original Epcot plan that I've heard people talk about a little,  I think Sam get away as like a giant book just about what the plan was.
  And there is stuff in there of like the residents will rotate out every few months.
  Like they will be working for the company.
  Yeah, we need to get all of that.
  Yeah, the combs.
 That's like multi-operative.
  It's like the trucks, the delivery trucks will be underground.
  Yes, underground.
 These ugly ass trucks.
  And that is in the special.
  You couldn't really drive very close to like the center of the city is my memory.
  It's like you could sort of drive on the outskirts of it.
  And then the majority of people who live would take the people mover  into the middle of the city, which was undergroundish and climate controlled.
  I think like there's climate control stuff and there's unseen parts of underground  for like, yeah, deliveries and maintenance and that sort of thing.
  It was but like I watching that special, I was just like, this was on TV  40 years ago, like that was this wild.
  This feels like something in a movie.
  But families are watching this just going like, like, all right,  this is something that's going to be happy.
  It's also pre landing on the moon and everybody knows we want to go to the moon.
  All right.
 Right.
  Just like this.
 What an optimistic time.
  We're like, yeah, all right.
  Walt Disney is going to build us a cool city and we'll land on the moon at some point.
  Mickey's dad is getting into city planning.
 OK.
  Mickey's daddy, excuse me.
  Yes, thank you.
 It was really sitting there.
  Yeah, I don't want to be an incorrect, inaccurate.
  So, yeah, yeah, watch, watch that if you haven't.
  But we should do that sooner rather than later.
  There's a lot there.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Also, the weird notion that like, so, yeah, you'd live there.
  You would live in a city that Walt Disney made.
  But I think there's also the stipulation that you could not own.
  You could only lease from the Disney company, which is pretty bad.
  And it's not what Celebration did.
  You right.
 Right.
  They're what wanted to be a big landlord.
  And the ultimate landlord.
  And now everybody would love that today.
  Everybody feels great about landlords today.
 Right.
  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, it's the ultimate landlord.
  Little elements that like are kind of unseen, like reading about  Celebration, I learned about Disney's two utility companies.
  They own Smart City Telecom and the Reedy Creek Energy Services Company.
  Sure.
 Well, you need it.
  They do have an energy company.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  And they they also have again, this is something that I should really dig into more.
  I believe there's a little.
  Mobile home park pretty close to the Magic Kingdom,  and those are the only residents of the Reedy Creek Improvement District,  and they get to vote on stuff in the area.
  Really? Most of them are Disney employees.
  It's mobile homes.
  That's interesting that so that they have a voting block  and so that it like they can have all of these city things for their theme parks.
  Is it a technicality?  I think it's a technical.
  Yeah, there are some people that logistically live at Disney World  for this purpose, not the Golden Oaks, not the hyper rich.
  Right.
 Right.
 The mansions down the road.
  Mm hmm.
 Whoa.
 That's news to me.
  That's really strange.
  And so what is what magic you think of it being living at Disney World  and then that it's just a small mobile home park office service.
  Could we get a mobile home and have a residence there  so we could participate in local elections?  I think that is also done by lottery.
  Similar to the.
  I think that is also there's an application process.
  By the way, depending on the price, I would go in on a mobile home  with you guys for Florida and we could just split it.
  We go around using it when we would go down there.
  I think we should talk about that off air.
  No.
 So when so it stays there.
  Yeah.
 But when we're there doing business,  we have we now have a guaranteed mode of transportation and and we sleep there.
  We don't.
 There's no more paying for hotels.
  Exactly.
 No more hotels.
  And now we wield some political power in the area, which is what we all really want.
  Sure.
 Paint it.
 Podcast the ride purple.
  100 percent.
 Put our logo up so people know that it's us.
  Can we drive it? Family.
  Can we when we're not using it, we pay someone to drive it around the park.
  The area in the parking lot.
  Exactly.
 Wow.
 Yes.
  Now we're getting the same kind of business that like backpages.
com does.
  That's right.
 The like sort of porno things that leave trailers out on the street  as advertisements.
  They will leave.
 We're missing that.
  They will leave a trailer with our logo on it outside of Animal Kingdom all night.
  And everybody who goes by it is going to want to listen.
  Where and we and the roof to let's make sure we hit the roof  because people who fly drones over.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  This is the Twitter account bio reconstruct when they're.
  Right.
 Fine.
  Whatever they do around.
  Now we're getting an ad in there every time.
  It sounds good, honestly.
  Yeah, this might crack the whole thing open.
  We become you guys.
  You might.
 This, I think, is a term  maybe exclusive to the northeast of the United States.
  Do you know about the term snowbirds?  No.
 Oh, yeah, I think I do.
  But you go ahead.
 Like snowbirds are people.
  You hear it a lot in the context of the Jersey Shore.
  Snowbirds have a place in New Jersey.
  They come up to for the summer when it's unbearable in Florida.
  And then in the fall, they go back to Florida for the fall, winter, spring.
  And so as the climate gets too hot, you like leave.
 Right.
 Right.
  So we would be that.
  But we're like almost always in Florida, though.
  Yeah.
 We're birds who are really strong because you have to go California.
  Bird bird.
 We're bird birds or we're like hot birds.
  Are we hot birds?  Oh, man.
 I mean,  I think we're hot birds.
  We're just three hot birds.
  And it's some heat.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, that'll be what'll happen when we have our place down there.
  This is what I when you.
  When you'd say that for it, because I like as it came up in America,  things when like animals are presented as sexy and things are doing cancan dances.
  The word I don't like thinking of it being hot.
  Birds are supposed to be hot.
 That's where it loses me.
  OK, well, this is I mean, bird means a female in English slang.
  So we're not talking about that in Austin Powers slang.
  But we're talking literal birds and we're talking literal heat.
  There's no attractive element to it at all.
  It's just a hot bird.
  It's just a very warm.
  It's an extra warm bird if you want to think about it like that.
  OK, good, because I don't want to see  any artwork of a bunch of three  birds in like cancan uniforms  with like garters or whatever.
  And those are supposed to represent us.
  No, I would.
 Heaven.
 Heaven forbid.
  We're seeing that.
 Hot birds are awful to me.
  Big hot.
 Now you added big to it.
  Now I don't know.
  Now I can see why I don't like when they're like my feet tall.
  I think giant birds.
 Do I like Big Bird?  Yes.
 Do I like Miss Finch?  The big bird was a different bird.
 Absolutely not.
  Miss is no bigger villain in cinema to me than Miss Finch.
  Yeah.
 Hannibal Lecter, Miss Finch.
  And then I don't know, Darnell above Hannibal was like helpful.
  That's a good point.
  Yeah.
 To an investigation.
  Miss Finch ain't never done no good for nobody.
  Miss Chase Big Bird around in the terrifying film, Follow That Bird.
  Were you guys also afraid of follow that bird?  To me, that's the most intense.
 Oh, my God.
  Are you kidding me? Oh, you are.
  Bird is a big big.
  He was blue and I was like, he's so sad.
  Like I was just so upset for him the whole time.
  Also, movie doesn't have enough Ernie and Bird.
  I was expecting if it's Sesame Street movie, I know it's called Follow That Bird,  but Ernie and Bird have very little screen time.
  So they're flying a dual plane around a lot.
  Flying like a World War Two plane.
  I mean, not a lot.
 Not enough.
 Not enough.
  But yeah, no, it's a it's a achingly sad movie with a very scary villain.
  And yeah, it was unpleasant.
  I didn't want to watch it like Patton.
  That starts with an extended patent parody.
  Yes, right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yes.
  Why is there this big American flag?  Am I being recruited into doing something by watching this?  That stopped me from watching it every day.
  But I was terrified when I viewed it daily.
  I would love to read.
  Has anybody done like a history retrospective on that?  Because that is such an interesting choice to make that movie so dark  for being Sesame Street.
  I would get it for the Muppets.
 It makes sense.
  But like Sesame Street was never that sad.
  I mean, I mean, I guess it kind of was.
  But that would just felt so that movie just felt so bleak to me as a kid.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Why did they make that?  It's about oh, Dreads of a Ken Quapus, who like directed a lot.
  I think The Office and Larry Sanders and stuff like a lot of stuff  that is like kind of like muted and realistic,  I think is what you described to him.
  So yeah, why? Why?  Why isn't the why isn't the Sesame Street movie, the first Sesame Street movie,  the most fun thing that ever happened? Why is it so?  I do like it.
 Let me let me be clear about that.
  Yeah, sure.
 But no, yeah, it was I didn't want to.
  I mean, I think I did watch it, as you're saying.
  I probably watched it a lot, but I was.
  Yeah, it was.
  It was.
 It should have been a big party.
  That should have been a celebration.
  Elmo in Grouchland, much more up.
  You know, I never saw it.
  Yeah, me neither.
  I think that's the one with Mandy Patinkin.
  Well, this guy went on to direct, though, the filmography is so strange.
  Dunstan checks in.
  I don't think a movie anyone's accused of being dark.
  That's a fun monkey romp.
  As far as I know, I think the beautician and the beast.
  Wow.
 I believe her.
  And I believe her friend,  sure, yeah, and Tony Danza's Noah for the Wonderful World.
  Oh, wow.
  We learned about that, that he made a weird Noah's Ark movie.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 This guy, this guy's got an interesting career.
  Yeah.
 Genuinely good a lot of the time, but also very bizarre.
  Freaks and geeks.
 Anyway, I heard talk about the filmography of Ken Quapitz.
  Celebration, celebration, Florida.
  So, all right.
  So there's all the Epcot stuff that was like there was that dream of like,  maybe you don't just go and visit this place.
  Maybe you live there and maybe we do it a little better,  just like we had Disney do everything a little better.
  But it didn't come to pass until this Eisner era because Eisner was ambitious.
  He was extremely ambitious.
  The hotels are going so well.
  It's a big thing you got to credit Eisner for is the hotel situation  exploding in Florida.
  They built they built it all out so much during his reign and they were cool.
  They looked cool.
 There was a vibe to him.
  So you can see where it's a logical extension of like,  if people are liking to stay at Disney World for a long time,  more than they used to, then maybe you'd want to stay here forever.
  Sure.
 Yes.
 No, it makes it makes total sense.
  I assume.
 Yeah, I would assume like, you know, they talk about imagineering plans.
  Like they dust off some old plans.
  I'm assuming it's just sort of in the air still at Disney of like,  you know what, we could sort of do a version of what Walt wanted to do.
  So it like lines up all with with all of that, with like  the expanded hotel situation there and just that being a lingering idea.
  Hotels and shopping, because at the time there was  the company that builds Celebration and takes the lead is the Disney  development company that had done a lot of those resorts and shopping stuff.
  And then eventually they get absorbed into  imagineering becomes one company with like  Disney development company and the existing imagineering infrastructure.
  So, of course, you know, Disney doesn't have a lot of builders on staff.
  So a lot of this stuff gets contracted out and then subcontracted.
  And that comes into play later on.
  I read a big thing by somebody who worked for the Disney  development company around this time on Florida Trend dot com.
  I'll give them credit and some interesting piece of info.
  And Mike, to your point about ideas getting recycled around imagineering,  when they started talking about this, about fleshing out kind of a city,  there were a few ideas that Michael Eisner himself brought to the table.
  One was a concept for what he called the Institute,  a hands on summer vacation educational experiences  modeled after Chateau Quoi in upstate New York, which he visited a lot while growing up.
  Now, we know about this.
 This ended up happening.
  This was the Disney Institute, a thing that we need to talk about,  this weird place where you would take classes while you're in Disney World.
  You would learn skills.
  This was a complete another like completely Eisner idea  that still is sort of odd that it's there or not there.
  I don't even know the status of the Disney Institute at this point.
  I think the physical property of the Institute, a lot of it, was cannibalized  for the Saratoga Springs Resort next to Disney Springs.
  I believe as an entity, there are still classes  you can sign up for and take.
  But like is kind of a piece with a wide world of sports, right?  Like making Disney World a destination with something for everyone,  making it like Westworld.
  What do you want to do on vacation?  You can do any classes, theme parks, golf, you know, like, what do you like?  We have it all.
  Trying to dominate, like which it does with people who do the vacation club.
  Like, can we get people to make this the only place they go on vacation?  Because it's not just one thing.
  There's 20 things.
  So Disney World vacation can mean, you know, so there's so many variants of what that is.
  Can we prevent them?  Can we prevent them from seeing the world?  Can we prevent them from getting any culture outside of this world?  If they get a taste, if people know that there's like a cool cliff  you can see in Hawaii or a big gorge or whatever.
  Yeah.
 Like beautiful.
  Oh, then they'll stop coming to inland Florida.
  It's super, it's super villain type thinking, I think it really is.
  But they eventually got into that business, too, with the adventures by Disney.
  Of course.
  The travel itineraries and the cruises around the world and that sort of thing.
  It is super villain thinking of like, and then we must dominate this as well.
  And we must do this.
  It's like you guys are doing pretty well.
  Do you really need to?  Do you really need to like get some money when people go to Hawaii?  Yes.
  Do you guys want to just focus on maybe making the cartoons good?  We're fine.
 We made four good ones in a row.
  I'm sure they will keep being this good for many decades to come.
  What are you worried about? I'm thinking about the Institute now.
  I want to make sure nobody goes to Chateau Quah again.
  Yeah.
 How about a couple of new robots?  No, who cares?  Doesn't matter.
  There will be a new robot when a new president is elected,  and that will be the only time that is plenty.
  That's fine.
  That's it.
 Yeah.
  Look, we got the biggest ride in the world coming.
  It's called the Millennium.
  All right, we can milk that.
  We don't need to build new stuff.
  We got the Millennium.
  If they had taken all the money they put in all this crap and just put it in a ride,  can you imagine what both parks would look like right now?  It would be like 10 parks.
  You would have to be there for like three weeks to do everything.
  Yeah.
  It'd be that would be heaven on earth.
  No, no, we had to learn.
  Maybe this is where I think we've chosen the path of being completely pro Eisner.
  But you have to start going, all right, well, there's this and there's this.
  And there's another one right after the Institute in this article I found,  which is Eisner had an idea for the workplace in capital letters,  a theme park type experience.
  Why don't we just what is that type in there?  In which visitors could experience how products are designed and manufactured.
  The idea was similar to how visitors in Hershey's chocolate factory in Pennsylvania  get to walk through Hershey's manufacturing process, but done the Disney way.
  Now, this idea is now this didn't really happen in any sense in Celebration Florida,  but clearly he just copy pasted this over to California Adventure, where you were  going to learn, we're going to see the tortillas and the bread and the tractors.
  We're going to see how real Americans work with their hands in the land.
  Yeah, I mean, you start.
  I I'm wondering when it started, but like, you know, that that trade website  publication, Blue Loop, it's themed entertainment, but also the museum industry  because museums started to become theme parky and theme parks started getting a  little museum at some point.
  I mean, MCA who used to own Universal, like they were a big, you know, tour.
  Like they had a lot of different tour, you know, their fingers in different tour based stuff.
  So like there was there is crossover among this this stuff.
  But the dates certainly change over time.
  But the idea that this would be a priority that we need to put into place is it's not  like a ride that spins you around.
  It's we need to have a place where people work and then you go and watch the people work.
  I mean, this is almost what the tour what the MGM studios is in a way,  initially to which it has its place.
  But like it did once that sounds neat.
  And then you start like slashing budget items and then it just becomes all right.
  We put three tractors up.
  Kids can see the tractors and then they can leave.
  Yeah, I just it's yeah.
  For a company that like makes movies you like and makes theme park, it just everything  feels like it's such a distraction when you're like if you would have built amazing  ride, like five amazing rides a year, that would be sustaining the business so strongly,  like as opposed to like having to like branch out and get a hockey team.
  And I mean, I like the hockey team.
  Don't get me wrong.
  It's just maybe these maybe Eisner's like the recent maybe this all taught him to slow  down and to focus.
  And he's only got his couple things now.
  He's got his soccer team, which I assume is good and does well.
  He's got Bojack Horseman, which I read is good.
  Apparently, I've never watched it.
  But supposedly in theory.
  So, you know, he picks his he's got his little projects and it's not about taking over  the world.
 Maybe somebody told him this in therapy, but I try to take over the world.
  You know, tops now he owns the top trading card like so he's got a.
  Didn't something bad happen with tops, though?  The top lost the I think Major League Baseball contract.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, I think there's a new company.
  He was busy looking at two converti cuts, probably.
  I know he's on top spreading himself too thin again.
  My goal, we got to get him on the podcast and he can't reject.
  We have to figure out a different way.
  We got to figure out a different way to get him.
  Yeah, we can be honest to the audience, right?  We did.
 We tried a way and then we hit it.
  We made a little progress and then we got we got pretty close.
  I mean, at least we got like communication.
  Yeah.
 And we got an acknowledgement that he has seen the cut.
  The whole cut.
  We tried on Breck, too.
  I think Breck, we've tried two ways and failed.
  Yeah, we my count is correct.
  I think that's right.
  And I think we would just hit a wall with that.
  There was no.
  I got a warm, I got a nice warm response of like, yes, we liked that.
  That was very fun.
  That cut.
  He is not going to talk to you.
  He will not be talking to you three with the hijinks.
  No, no, thank you.
  But thank you for the little fun thing.
  Memories that person.
  That's what I mean.
  Yeah, there's other people.
  Here's what we need to do.
  I've got it.
 I figured it out.
  And maybe we should cut it.
  Now, I'll leave it in.
 I'll say it out.
  Moves like bird if we don't want to play it.
  That's true.
 And it's this is not live so we can cut it out if it happens.
  And now I'm remembering that the original story of involves Bill Cosby.
  But don't worry about that.
  It's the Conan O'Brien.
  It's the Conan O'Brien story about giving Bill Cosby a fake award  and getting him out to Harvard.
  Yes, this is something he did.
  Yeah.
 What's a way that we can meet Bill Cosby and remember this before this?  Before we knew it.
  Yeah, before anybody who could have been Bob Newark.
  Right.
 Yeah, should have been.
  Although it would have been.
  Although not really, because then it's actually better that he got pranked.
  Retrospectively or retroactively.
  So we maybe offer.
  Well, you know, we're going to do a live show and we want to present him with an award.
  He's going to win a prestigious podcast, the right award.
  Maybe we don't call it that to keep it a little bit vague.
  And we know what we can do.
  We can give one to Garland.
  We'll give one to Jeff Garland before.
  We'll give one to some other people that might be a name he knows.
  And then we'll say we'd like to also he should Michael.
  I should be the recipient of our and I don't think it's a legend award.
  I think it should be maybe something else.
  But we can talk about that.
  We've been too loose with legend.
  Too loose with that.
  But what does it cost to make a foundation like a front foundation?  Oh, we can do that for free, I bet.
  Probably we slap it on like Vandellay Industries, essentially.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Front, you know, podcast, the ride, getting a foundation.
  Foundations.
 Yeah.
  And then we do we need to disguise it more than that.
  And our name not be in it.
  We probably should disguise it more than that.
  I don't want to completely get him there under false pretenses.
  But if whatever it takes.
  The PPR foundation, like, you know,  that might be enough, just the initials, you know, is there some like something  to like, you know, I feel like investment firms are called like black rock  or something.
 I want to say fake rock, but then that's giving away.
  Yeah, it's almost a little acknowledgement that can it be like fabricated rock?  Can it be like fab fab fab rock?  The Fabrock Foundation? Yeah.
  Fabrock Foundation would like to  you might think that that's the name of like the founder of it.
  Is William Fabrock.
  I mean, why not?  And we'll dress Jason up like a founder, William Fabrock.
  And we're all like old, like a white mutton chops on his face.
  And he'll have like a top hat and a monocle.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  The way real millionaires have to believe it.
  And either knows a lot of millionaires and he knows how they dress for sure.
  Exactly.
 So he's going to buy it.
  He'll claim and sinker.
  Well, put a couple of hundred dollar bills in Jason's pocket  and he'll be able to tell the outline of it.
  Oh, sure.
 Jason's jacket.
  Michael, do you still have the house in Lake Arrowhead?  Meet me at, you know, I believe we met at a restaurant.
  We met at Chateau Quah years ago.
  We met at Chateau Quah.
  Oh, very good.
  Very good to see you, Mr.
 Fabrock.
  This is good.
  Companies or seemingly fake companies come into play later  on in the celebration.
 Yeah, yeah, truly.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Look, what we're doing is what everybody do.
  We're just more we have to come at it from the angle.
  But like fake companies exchanging things is what makes the world go around.
  Yes.
 So oh, OK.
  So here's maybe a fun place to take it is that they  they start figuring out the place, but there's like they're  they kind of can't move forward.
  They know that the tenants of what it's going to be  and it's going to be this vibe and striving for this Americana and whatever.
  But they don't have the name.
  And this is something we've gone a long time without talking about is the name.
  The name, I think, is a lot of why people were making fun of it.
  Rooting for it to fail.
  It's a very silly name.
 It's a pretty stupid name.
  Yeah, it's it's I'm trying to think if there was  it is out of their comfort zone of naming.
  It's still a family, but it is a little bit out of the comfort zone.
  And it is funny because like  I get the I get the conundrum of naming a Disney town  because it has to suggest some kind of fun or magic,  but it also cannot be like Magic Town or Magicland  or fairy dreams, fairy dreams.
  Yeah, I can tell you some of what they were thinking about.
  Oh, yeah, I didn't see that.
  Is close.
 We're getting close to the to the words.
  And in fact, just so I don't just end up reading a list here,  let me share the screen.
  So this is this is pass one, what I'm going to show to you.
  They went to some firm that gave them a list of names.
  They went to a firm called Interbrand and  nothing says small town, simple folks in America  than the good graphic designers and mad men at Interbrand.
  Yes, so Disney went to the mad men at Interbrand  and democoding the project Project America.
  They test them, which is different than Disney's America.
  Project America is not Disney's America.
  And it's not in Project America is not the Florida project.
  It's Project America.
 It's its own thing.
  This play gave them all the qualities they wanted a town to be.
  They ended up with one hundred and twenty two names,  which then got whittled down to 19, out of which  none were selected.
  They did not like any of them.
 Oh, here.
  Feel free to just call out any any that you like.
  I'll just kick it off with Antares and Tarris.
  So Duncan Future Tis this that was that  Iron City movie that we know Alita Battle Angel.
  Oh, yeah.
 Take me to Antares and Tarris.
  Solaris is on there.
  Solaris is in there.
  Solaris, Horizon, Horizon.
  You already have that.
  Horizons, Florida.
  But then maybe they knew they were going to close the thing.
  So now that name's up for grabs.
  Horizon is almost called Horizons.
  Horizon floor is cool.
  Yeah.
 Odyssey, another Epcot thing, that restaurant.
  Odyssey, Odyssey, Florida.
  I like a lot of these.
  I think I like some of these more than.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Meridian, which sounds kind of like, OK.
  Crystal City.
 How about that?  Crystal City.
 Yeah.
  Crystal City.
 Yes, I do.
  You can't call it an unincorporated area or a census designated area.
  You can't just call something in Osceola County.
 Osceola.
  Come on.
 Maybe I can't.
  Orange County as Orange.
 Right.
  Yeah, it's weird.
 It's boring.
  But you can't I think you can do it.
  Gateway, Solis.
  These are just like computer company names.
  Jubilee is not bad.
  Which one? Jubilee.
  Well, Jubilee, I believe, may have made it  to the net.
  That might be the only one that made it to the next round.
  The last three feel so insane to me.
  Golden, if you read it as one thing, golden Oberon Jubilee.
  Golden gets reused.
 Golden Oaks, you know.
  That was.
 Yeah.
  The NAP's that again.
 Yeah.
  That is a weed strain.
  Golden Oberon Jubilee.
  I was going to say it's like, is it was it like the name of a of a Epstein plane?  Also, it was like there was a backup golden Oberon Jubilee.
  So I'll leave the screen up and I'll take you to the next one.
  So then they're like, we better get a backup  because I don't know if interbrand down, if we can trust.
  Let's let's get some other.
  So they went to like an even hipper company in New York called Lippincott  and Margulies, who then gave them a list of two hundred and sixty four names.
  Hey, we did this.
  We did the clock is ticking.
  We have to come up with something.
  We cannot go through two hundred sixty four.
  So they whittled it down to 10, around which time Michael Eisner  and Jane Eisner, his wife, appeared.
  And they started like, let's let's get down to business Jubilee maintained  new century landmark, I guess, crossed over Hyperion, which comes up.
  There's a lot of Hyperion's in Disney, in the Disney universe.
  This I thought was interesting.
  Disney Springs.
  Come on now.
  I'm really reused as a mall.
  And it still is almost a silly name as a mall.
  But like nobody, if you said you lived at Disney Springs,  you'd get pretty thoroughly mocked, I think.
  I think so.
  That said, Disney Springs does have  the vibe that you you the vibe of the new urbanism, where it's like it's shop.
  It's almost surprising that it's not mixed use, that there's not,  you know, a post office and an apartment like condos.
  Right.
 Sure.
  The vibe seems right for that sort of thing.
  That's true.
  You get really silly then with Fantasia.
  Come on.
 Not it's not Fantasia, Florida.
  It's it's I mean, honestly, they wouldn't do it.
  They didn't do it that then.
  But it feels like maybe now if they were doing it, they would,  because of we were talking about in the Genie episode how they just, you know,  use one of the most popular characters to be like an app,  to be a feature of an app that people might not like.
  It's kind of a risky thing.
  And it would be funny if they named the town that they eventually were going to leave,  get rid of like they were going to eventually get rid of their stake in  and call it one of their most beloved classic films.
  But also a big ambitious flop.
  Yes, that's true.
  Yes, you're right.
  Thing to call it in a way.
  Again, decades later with the Fantasia 2000.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Which is also which is a very silly title.
  And then isn't the golf course Fantasia Springs?  No.
 What's the what's the mini golf course?  All right.
 Fantasia Garden.
 Fantasia Gardens.
  All right.
 So again, we got our words.
  We were recycling these words, but very distinct.
  This one is unmistakable.
  And boy, is it insane.
  Boy, do I kind of wish they had used it.
  I think you guys might be staring at it, too.
  Ameri town.
  Ameri, Ameri, starting a town called Ameri Town, Florida.
  Ameri town.
  I'm going to share the screen now because I have the town crest,  I guess you would call it the town logo.
  This is an anniversary one.
  But the circle, I believe, is this is featured at the city hall like this.
  It's a little girl riding a bicycle being chased by a little dog.
  And there's a big tree and a picket fence like residents not pulling  their pants down like the copper town.
  Like the copper town.
  It is very copper town, but it's also very like, yeah, Americana.
  Ameri town.
 Ameri town.
  It is very Ameri town.
  It looks like a very town to me.
  You know, somebody's written a pilot called Ameri town  that like makes a lot of very obvious.
  Right.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  Oh, there's a dark side to this country.
  Did you know the suburbs aren't always pleasant?  And that's the angle on every article about Celebration Florida.
  It's the dark side of the suburbs.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think that's it was just too meaty for New York Times writers  to not hit all the fucking time.
  I mean, you can you can sympathize with it, though,  because as soon as Margarita Village was announced, I mean,  I'd be lying if we weren't kind of salivating at the idea of it being a big disaster.
  I mean, I was pretty happy with that outcome, although as people pointed out,  we got there and it felt like, well, failure shit.
  It's a little bit point out to us.
  Yeah, it is doing well.
  They those those properties go for a lot.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Still scary.
  Still a lot of still a little sex trafficker vibes at those bars.
  Still very hard bars.
  The town center of Celebration, I wrote down that it does feel a little  Margarita film.
 We got it.
  Yeah.
  What's the what's the comedy club?  We're going to do a show at Bonkers, the cigar bar slash comedy club.
  We'll do a show.
  Yeah, it's called Bonkers.
  Yeah, we'll do a show.
  We'll do like a regular show somewhere.
  And then we will do like a later night show at Bonkers, I think.
  For like and then they start throwing their cigars at us,  trying to like singe our cheeks.
  And then we and like hurry, get in the Harvey.
  And then we'll do a show at Bonkers.
  Hurry, get in the Harvey.
  And then like Jason's running a little behind.
  We got to grab him by the arms.
  They're like they're they're trying to pull at him.
  They take his pants off.
  We get him back on.
 But sans pants.
  Full Mickey's trailer vibes like the the rules of plot, the same rules of plot.
  Or Mike's driving it like goofy, like leaning all the way out.
  His arms are flopping like it's like swings all the way left, all the way right.
  Or or in trailer.
  Jason gets left behind and the people from Bonkers paint him blue  and put him in a cage at Margarita Village.
  I used to do a podcast about him boys.
  Yeah, I'm just a little blue boy.
  I'm sitting here next to the electrical box connected to nothing.
  Because this expansion area has not yet been sold to buyers.
  My family now is nothing but loose wires.
  You guys are good at musical improv.
  Yeah.
  For a reason.
  That part was before we started recording.
  But yes, thank you.
  Yeah, no, I know it was before we started recording.
  I'm just giving the audience a hint.
  Anyway, I was going to say, oh, no, I've completely lost my train of thought.
  Shoot.
 Oh, well.
  Chuckle.
 No.
  Well, we were.
  No, it's not chuckle.
  I was talking about town center.
  Like they, you know, they were using a lot of like  I saw the term neoclassical, a lot of, you know, old school looking house designs.
  But then with Florida vibes in the town center, you know, some pastels and such.
  And it is that Key Westy.
  It's like a key west that grew out of nowhere.
  So this is a whole when I proposed doing  Celebration Florida as an episode.
  And I said, I told you guys, because I might try to go  because I'm going down for this bachelor party and it's on the way,  you know, from the airport to the weird way, South town that we're staying in.
  Maybe I'll go, maybe I'll go to Celebration Florida.
  And then I ended up sharing a ride with somebody.
  And I was also like, that's insane to do.
  Why would I do that?  And the big thing that stopped me was I thought, well, you know what?  I can make it a I can stop and then I can get  I can load up on like beer and liquor.
  And then I can be helpful and bring that to the party.
  And so while I'm in celebration, I'll stop at the liquor store  and I will get some basics.
  And then I looked around the town on Google Maps  and I saw there is no such thing.
  There is no pharmacy.
  There's no like Walgreens kind of thing.
  There is weird.
 You can go to a boring strip mall that's outside of celebration,  but technically part of celebration that has the chilies and our back  steakhouse and all the shit.
  But there was no there's no like market there.
  Yeah, which is maybe speaks to something weird about this place.
  Like, what do you do?  You mean the whole thing is about walkability.
  And yet there's not just like a place for me to go get orange juice or whatever.
  Yeah, I watched a YouTube video  about someone that someone whose family had moved down there.
  And she's like, well, there is a farmer's market on the weekends  and there's a strip of malls downtown with condos above them.
  But like if you want to get to Target or like something entertaining to do,  you kind of got to track to Disney Springs or you got to go outside  of the town.
 Well, the movie didn't work.
  There's a beautiful movie theater that has been closed since 2010.
  I like I'll use this moment if I had to talk about the movie theater.
  Yes, yes.
 Something which always.
  That's the thing I always wanted to see it.
  Oh, like I've looked up.
  I've done the walk around on Google Maps of like I would like to go down  Market Street and see that movie theater.
  That movie theater looks really cool.
  Yeah, it's like the majestic.
  Yes, very much was designed like a golden age of cinema kind of movie palace.
  And that's a thing I think we haven't touched on yet.
  Like the town center, a lot of the big landmarks, your city hall,  your post office is designed by world famous architects.
  And with the biggest ever to do it, huge, huge architects.
  The movie theater is designed, was designed by a guy named Caesar Pelly,  I believe is how you say it.
  He designed all these skyscrapers all over the world.
  The Patronus Towers in Kuala Lumpur, the Sierra Center in Philadelphia,  the Salesforce Tower in San Francisco designed this very distinctive movie house  that closed in the fall of 2010.
  AMC has the lease still to this day as we're recording this.
  The last two movies showing there were Harry Potter  and the Deathly Hallows, part one and Megamind.
  So there's a lot of urban legends that like the movie theater  only showed Disney movies.
 That is not true.
  What is true is the movie theater was banned from showing explicit movies.
  So like they couldn't show like big hit, like they couldn't show  the latest Tarantino movie.
  They probably couldn't.
  The Matrix movie is probably too violent.
  I read something that said in order to get the like  then Pleasure Island movie theater contract,  AMC had to agree to run the Celebration 2 screen.
  Two whole screens, which is nice and charming.
  But then like, yeah, yeah, wait, we got to run two screens  and we can't do a lot of the biggest blockbusters available.
  OK, that seems like a pain for our company.
  And it seemed like the general vibe when they interviewed people.
  There's a big Business Insider article from 2018 about this movie theater.
  And they talked to people who work there.
  And it's like it wasn't a matter of how much profit we made.
  It was about how a matter of how much money we were losing that month.
  So again, with a lot of this stuff, you know, with with like  re redone town centers or like, you know, mixed use, small slash apartments.
  Are you actually making money?  Becomes a question as time goes on.
  So the movie theater, there is recent movement on it.
  A group of locals has like made an organization called the Front Porch Theater  because AMC's lease is up in October 2021.
  And I think they're trying to take local control of it  to use it as a movie theater and like space for performances.
  It used to host post church services and a high school graduation  in the early days of celebration.
  But there is movement of like locals trying to turn it into something  because it's been nothing for over 10 years now.
  Yeah, they've had they took the name AMC off of it,  but have just chosen to let it rot.
  Like there's literally like the bath.
  One of the bathrooms is flooding.
  They're just letting that happen.
  But largely so that another company doesn't swoop in and take over the brand.
  Now, luckily for them, post covid, there is only AMC theaters.
  Every other brand is dead.
  So it's a good it's a good time that there is no competition.
  So maybe just give it back to the people.
  Regal absorbs some of the regal is still hanging on.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, there's actually, I think, a regal in North Hollywood now, too.
  So, yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That's a bizarre dying mall.
  That's a like weird fake dead on arrival mall.
  I recommend it.
  Have they said the citizens who want to take this theater back, have they said,  are they how are they going to police the smut from from being shown  or being performed at this theater?  I don't know, because it's unclear what's handshake agreements.
  And like there's certain like upkeep that Disney Disney  made Lex and Capital, the private equity vultures  who now own the downtown of Celebration Florida.
  They like made them agree to certain like you have to keep this style.
  You have to keep this thing.
 Right.
  They didn't seem like there was enough in there about like,  you have to keep the building structurally sound,  which you're saying it's unclear if there's a morality clause  that's still in play as far as what you're allowed to show in the theater,  in the actual town.
  Yeah, well, I would say,  Mike, if you if you wanted to put yourself out there as a candidate  to be the morality police for the celebration.
  Yeah, I can't promise they would give you a job.
  But, you know, this organization is kind of seems like kind of a homegrown.
  It might be something that they're they're looking for.
  Well, yeah, if we are, look, if we have residents  like we talked about at the start of the episode,  then that's going to be an easier transition from you're going to need.
  What's the thing if you have residents?  What like what's going to let you move somewhere having a job?  So if we can make this job happen,  I have a reason to live in the RV in Disney World.
  And then I'll be like watching like community theater and taking notes  and telling them like what they need to cut out of classic plays.
  I'll like tell them what kind of.
  Hey, at the end of this, Willie Lohman's OK, and he gets a good new job.
  That's right.
 And that part where he kisses his wife, that's out.
  I don't want to see any kissing on this stage.
 All right.
  It can be implied he can go off stage and we can hear a big smooch sound effect.
  But that's it.
 That's what I was.
  And then I go, everything else is fine.
  And if you want notes on your actual performance, I can give you those to you as well.
  Well, you can show Django Unchained.
  We're just going to maybe cut the parts with the violence  and the slavery and the slavery that's that is the chain.
  So actually, there's not going to be change.
  You know, if you're called the movie Django Unchained,  maybe you just want to see him unchanged.
  So what you can do is you can show the last several shots of the movie  and that's that's good, right?  You're you are seeing Django Unchained.
  And then I'll feel I'll I'll film ten minutes of myself kind of filling in the rest  that will play at the top of the movie and then we'll show the end when he's free.
  Here's some more info about Django's horse and horses at large.
  And I'll give a sanitized version of American history as well.
  I'll clean it up.
  I yeah, that well, isn't Celebration Florida already trying to do  that's what I'm trying to uphold the values of celebration  by giving everyone a fake version of American history.
  I mean, because that is what they're going for a little bit.
  And I hear maybe this is a good path to play a clip or two that I have.
  So and we'll we'll get we'll get back to Lexan  Capitol, the people letting it rot currently.
  But let's talk about let's talk about the neighborhood, about the the the the the  houses and actually living there and everything, because they're creating  this little idealized beaver, you know,  like America that that never was.
  And this appealed to a lot of people.
  So many people applied for this thing that they had to do a lottery to,  you know, to get our first, the founders, the founders of celebration.
  And here is a clip that I'm going to maybe do a clip or two from a special,  a BBC special that is called the Town Disney built.
  And if you can imagine that a BBC documentary  about Disney's town is dripping with judgment and hostility.
  Right.
 Just like the scary music, like, like,  could you just like wave for the camera a little bit?  And then they don't tell the people that they're going to frame it  like Blue Velvet and put scary music underneath.
  Blue Velvet, surprisingly not referenced a lot, probably too niche, but too dark.
  Yeah.
 Well, later on in 2020, the start of 2020,  there's some Blue Velvet going on.
 Sure, sure.
  But so here you'll hear a little bit at the beginning.
  This documentary follows the kinds of people who initially  Celebration Florida appealed to.
  You'll hear a little bit of the the BBC hostility at the top.
  And then you'll hear like why this one family wanted to move there.
  So why are they leaving all this for a still non-existent town  designed by a company better known for building fairy castles  and white knuckle rides?  First of all, that  fairy car, fairy castles and white knuckle rides.
  Maybe a white knuckler that takes you through a fairy castle.
  How many idea?  How many rides are white knuckle at Disney?  Come on.
  Few.
 I mean, yeah, well, a lot of them were to me until like, I guess that's true.
  I guess about the house.
  Also, by the way, they these people are very enthusiastic.
  They're like, we're going to we're going to start a new life and leave the past  behind.
 And then the documentary follows them to where they live,  which is a really fancy gay community on a lake already.
  So they're like, we need to get we need to get out of Trash Town ASAP  and get to where Disney is going to handle things right.
  And here's what they say about it.
  To see us go back to  old town morals and values and  a town where you feel safe and comfortable, you don't mind meeting your neighbor.
  And you can only hope that that's what what's going to come out of this.
  Don't mind meeting your neighbor.
  And this is a sinister clip.
  She's it really from the reporter all the way to the family who are,  you know, the most get outy.
  You've just all in like the same khaki shorts.
  Yeah, like barely moving.
  There's something so odd about that clip.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The guy is like an insurance guy or something weird and boring.
  The yeah, it's you know, look,  I don't want to judge this guy specifically.
  I won't even read his name.
  I buy.
  I don't maybe I want to, but I'm going to try to not.
  You're trying your best.
  What I'm some of the things that he says  are a little just we just want to go back to when we know what we know.
  We know what he thinks.
  You know, probably it's a little similar to some presidential campaigns recently.
  Yes, it's it's icky, even if I'm it's all a big mistake.
  But yeah, like this whole traditional  and you can meet your neighbor and not be worried.
  Did like fucking one family move next to this family?  And that's exactly the first thing I thought is that a nonwhite family  move next door and this guy was like, well, that's it.
  There goes the neighborhood.
  Yeah, I mean, it really is a villainous.
  That's another villainous speech that that man and the family  looks like a little bit like Ron Silver.
  That adds to the vibe.
  I think of this guy.
  He is very much an early 90s movie villain.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And the woman looks the wife is like a more hostile than a white.
  It's they're all in sunglasses, including the unspeaking daughter.
  It's an unfortunate.
  And they just think vaccines are a personal choice.
  It's private, you know.
  BBC should catch up with him now.
  Now, how'd it go, guys? Yeah.
  Did you were you were you comfortable meeting all your neighbors?  I it's it's so weird.
  And Jason, you were alluding to this at the top, the whole thing.
  They were like, this is what Disney knew was going to have.
  Like, OK, you start saying these kinds of things.
  And then do you get into the territory and like the level of house  that we want to build, are we getting into a bad socioeconomic zone  or only going to have certain types of people?  And then people will complain that it's only certain types of people.
  So they tried to cut that off at the pass.
  Here's something I think from a New York Times article,  like to combat this kind of thing, the company placed advertisements  in newspapers and magazines that catered to blacks and Hispanics,  printed brochures featuring minority members.
  And those efforts have been a failure.
  Even Disney officials say so.
  And we put an ad in jet.
  What else are we supposed to do?  That does seem like, yeah, it was a failure because that's all you did.
  Like, you can literally picture them like wiping their well done and done.
  Let's head to the smokehouse.
  You know, that's it.
  That was the effort we we can show our work.
  If anyone asks, we have the receipts.
  We put an ad into two issues of Ebony.
  And then those people didn't move to a different town.
  I don't know what else to tell you.
  Yes, a very Disney town.
 Yes.
  I then there was a census in 2000 that was very damning that it was 88 percent  white and yeah, so look, things didn't.
  Yeah, things panned out in a way that they were worried was going to happen.
  And then it did happen.
  Yeah.
 And the median income is like, I think I think the surrounding area,  it's like average income, you know, in a year, fifty thousand dollars or something.
  Celebration, Florida, average eighty thousand dollars.
  It's like, OK, well, yeah, what did you?  Again, what did you think was going to happen?  This this isn't, again, the Golden Oaks, the hyper rich houses,  but they're not exactly cheap houses and God knows what the HOA fees are.
  Like, God knows what else is tacked on top of.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, it's got to be so insane.
  It does seem like a whole town run by a homeowners association  in terms of the strict rule of like, keep your keep your hedges trimmed,  keep your lawn mowed.
  You can find the style guides online, not just for the houses,  but for like suggested landscaping options.
  Oh, yeah.
 They're monitoring like, yeah, if your grass is getting a little  out of hand, you might end up with a letter.
  They I saw something that said that the compost for the plants is suggested.
  Here is the type of compost you should be using.
  So it got that nitty gritty, which is which is creepy.
  But a lot of it was this big picture stuff  that is similar to that early Disney thing of we're going to put all the trucks  under the ground and what they did in Disney World with the utility door  where like you don't see cast members going from place to place.
  We're going to hide the behind the scenes stuff.
  You're not going to see a lot of trash and all that stuff.
  It was that kind of thing.
  Like it's porches on the front and you can only keep two cars out there  and everything else has to be in the back.
  And that's where the trash goes.
  So we don't we want it to look idyllic on the street itself  and our dirty trash will go in the back.
  Yeah, which isn't it's not the craziest.
  I mean, you know, streets are like that sometimes.
  It depends.
 I mean, I have not lived in a place that's like kind of a  what do you call I'm not a gated community because that's more like the  luxury version, but any anytime you see like, I don't know,  what do you call the places that are all of one like a development?  Yeah, kind of like a development, but it kind of does have some sort of gate  that distinguishes it between I'm sounding like an idiot.
  You have very like Valencia type.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Houses are almost the same and Calabasas, right?  It's where the and then any any place with like a homeowners association.
  I think there's like these weird rules, but I've never lived.
  I've never had to experience it.
  It does sound odd.
  It is very like who's policing that?  Who's policing my grass?  Here's potentially a relevant clip from the same special  where this guy sort of is digging himself a hole with what he's saying.
  I don't know if he's from Disney development.
  I don't know who he is, but he's talking about what they're trying to avoid  by being micromanaging and having these rules.
  Then next door, they don't want somebody.
  They don't want the Unabomber next door.
  Not the man so much, but they don't want some shack  or some guy decides he's going to paint his house purple or put a swimming pool  in the front or a host of other or junked cars.
  So there are plenty of controls here,  but I don't think that they are frightening controls  and they will not interfere with people's real freedoms to.
  Not get a real freedoms.
  They're not frightening controls.
  Don't worry.
  Are they the Disney town doesn't have frightening controls, not frightening.
  You can't paint the house purple, which I was upset when he said that,  because that was my dream as a child to have a purple house.
  That sucks.
  Well, you're out.
 You're akin to the Unabomber.
  Yeah, no, that is funny.
  It's like you can't have a junkie car and that's the same as the Unabomber  lives next to you.
  So, yeah, I don't know.
  I'm sure there's different weird rules everywhere,  but certainly the Disney, the ultra squeaky clean Disney vacation town  adds an extra air of eeriness to any of these rules.
  It's all it's the it's the it's like living in the don't grow facial hair.
  And, you know, when women should wear these types of cool odds,  like it's like, can we just be in that all the time in the employee dress code?  Right.
 I go to sleep in the employee dress code.
  The dress like the the guides dress with the what do you call them?  You know, the writing, right?  Everyone was given a right to write a prop upon getting the.
  Yeah, right.
  They want anything gets that in.
 We don't allow guns here.
  We don't encourage guns.
  Of course, you have your freedoms.
  You can have one if you want, but you do get a writing crop.
  If anyone breaks in, just start whipping them.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, it worked.
  It worked great.
 Yeah, it worked perfectly until there.
  So, yeah, some there we had there was some crime.
  Some crimes started happening and crimes happen in towns.
  These things happen.
  But of course, but crimes start happening in celebration.
  And these New York Times and BBC kind of people all salivate.
  Well, well, well, you thought you could build the perfect town.
  And as I saw it noted in an article in Gizmodo,  this this article was kind of playing both sides of it.
  They were like, but doesn't the crime make it more of a real place?  Isn't that like now it's not  Disney fairy castles and white knuckle rides.
  Now it's like a real place and like bad things happen in real play.
  No, they're celebrating the crimes.
  Yeah, they're like they're upset about the crimes  and they're upset about the no crimes.
  There's no way to please people rooting against the celebration.
  Yeah.
 But they're still like, there's still not a lot of like,  I feel like the first break in was a couple of years after the homes went up.
  OK, let's say at the first murder was in 2010.
  And then in 2020, there was a quadruple murder and the guy also killed the dog.
  So the first one, Jason, was an ax murder.
  Let's not just count that.
  That's not the reason that boy, these are some not good murder.
  There's good murder.
  I was going to say, well, yeah.
  So there are things and also that the 2020  like the feds were after the guy for like he was a physical therapist.
  I think it was like for medical fraud, for like billing fraud.
  And it's like, Jesus Christ, man.
  Oh, my God.
  Oh, oh, these are these are some nuts ones.
 Oh, my God.
  So, yeah, that's what's happening.
  And then we're I don't know.
  It's it just proves that you can't like what you told me.
  It is impossible.
  It would have happened in Walt's Epcot to somebody would have been murdered in Epcot.
  Oh, I would have fallen to shit like for sure they would.
  I mean, look like how like stuff slowly dies, like in inventions,  like slowly falls up, but just large chunks of it, just empty hallways or storage.
  Like, yeah, that was that probably would have happened in Epcot.
  It's like you got stabbed in the electric umbrella.
  You would have seen.
  Yeah, it would have been such an interesting  conundrum for Disney because they don't you really don't want to have just a  rotting city that you own that's next to your theme park.
  So they would have had to do something to it,  at least either to keep it alive or just to demolish it.
  Because just like imagine the full like people movers,  just like going on like a slow track.
  No one lives there anymore.
  Just going off one side.
  We can't afford the stop anymore.
  It's like you're saying that tomorrow land maybe isn't all it's.
  Imagine also that this is like right when like, yes, in like 1981,  like they're dealing with like why we don't know how to do a movie anymore.
  Black holes in work, nothing's work, drawn and work.
  What do we do in the city?  The city's falling apart.
  The underground has been seized.
  We can't go into the underground anymore.
  They started taking over the the grocery trucks.
  More control.
  The Morlocks have come up onto the surface and have seized a part of Epcot.
  They're the only people who saw the black cauldron.
  They dress like the black cauldron characters.
  If you try to go down, they whip you with staffs.
  They have skeleton faces.
  Did you guys come across the issues with the schools with Celebration First Open?  Oh, I did not.
  This is another why are we reinventing schools, too?  Yeah.
 So talking about Utopian,  there there's often like, you know, cutting edge or like different  styles of schooling that are tried.
  You know, maybe no desks or there's no grades.
  We just give you an assessment.
  It seems like Celebrations,  what is now Celebration K through eight, tried to do all experimental schooling  at once.
 The one that sticks out to me was like, OK, it's not 25 to 30  students in a class.
 It's 80 students and there's three teachers.
  And it's like, what the fuck are you talking about?  And so I think there was a lot of at the school, also,  I believe, expanded very quickly from like a couple hundred to nine  hundred or something like that.
  And it it I think it's course corrected.
  Now the school is still open.
  I checked in on the school the other day and it was immediately.
  You went down there.
  Well, I checked in on the school.
  Yeah, no, I can't go down there.
  That's the problem, because the website greeted me with a giant warning  out of an abundance of caution.
  The Osceola School District has decided to move all students and teachers  at Celebration K through eight to digital learning starting Wednesday,  August 25th to Friday, August 27th.
  So that long.
  Yeah, no, it's not that long.
  And everyone they've assured everyone's moving back to in-person  schooling Monday, August 30th.
  Well, that's when you'll be there.
  Checking every locker to stick and span deep breaths for the record.
  This is all since, you know, a judge ruled that school districts  and Florida can institute mass mandates.
  But when I first looked this up, the Osceola School District's  mask mandate was that all the students have to wear masks on a bus.
  High school, it's optional because like, man, I'm going to get the vaccine.
  It's required through pre-k through eight unless parents opt out.
  And so like, that's a different breed down there.
  You know, it's.
  Oh, yeah.
 Everyone.
  I know one in California is mad about mask mandates.
  There's no, there's no people yelling and getting into fights out in California.
  Well, yeah, it's where every build a Disney park.
  People are, you know, a little out there.
  It's only those two places, though.
  Luckily, luckily.
  Yeah, most places are you too.
  There's everywhere is more like celebration.
  Exactly.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, boy.
  Who? That's all.
 Yeah.
  The school makes it seem like.
  Like, it's not just Disney reinventing the wheel there.
  Like, can we reinvent the wheel eight times?  We're going to have eight new wheels.
  But it's 94 right now.
  And by 96, we will have eight replacements for the wheel.
  Was there did you find any information where they're like, you know,  maybe this schooling, this type of schooling isn't working.
  Maybe 150 kids per class and eight teachers.
  Maybe that's the formula that would really  move between these beakers.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  How about that?  Was that Eisner's idea?  Probably.
 All right.
  I mean, numbers, kids, kids.
  Let's do it.
 He gets what?  Three hundred teachers and one student.
  It is the Terminator, the T2, three day  the the students with the teacher on the screen and stuff.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's what we all live in.
  We should be thrilled with what's happening right now.
  We we live in the in the idyllic future screen learning.
  It all came true.
  I'm talking to you guys.
  It's like we're in the same room.
  Yeah, like we're in the same town and not just recording  separately because we're terrified.
  What for the second run in a row?  I'm loving it.
  It's all great.
  Yeah, there was I saw this.
  Look at the sentence from the New York Times.
  The parents at Celebration School were concerned about the absence  of a written curriculum, textbooks and a clear assessment of students  performance in the form of grades.
  Well, you know, all right.
  So weird teacher numbers and no curriculum or text.
  But what are you doing?  Is everyone just doing like improv games?  What is what is school at this point?  Just zip, zip, zip.
  Just got a nice hang.
 It's a hang.
  Yeah.
 I mean, lots of places have Montessori schools and are that similar.
  But usually that's like and also here's the public school.
  And then here's some private schools.
  Celebration kind of far from other stuff.
  It's like here's our one school.
  There's no doors, man.
  I don't know what to tell you.
  You can't think your way into the school and how are you going to  deal with any problems in your life?  This is your kid's first lesson right here at the door or the lack thereof.
  It's also unclear if that's a teaching method  or if that's subcontractors were given two weeks to build the school or something.
  Just call it a mistake.
  Call it some Marty mistake or something.
  I don't know.
  It's not traditional.
  Did they just play the like videos of the owl and the like owl  Disney thing that used on the Disney educational owl?  Yeah, right.
 Would they use that owl like that owl should have been utilized  some way because he's like, they're teaching statue of them outside.
  At least him or like Ludwig von Drake, I guess.
  Yeah.
 Mm hmm.
  They just play Donald and Math Magic Land over and over.
  Yeah, we are.
  We already have our curriculum.
  We made it 30 years ago.
 Mm hmm.
  Yeah, we're I don't understand why that would just don't look.
  You're you've already got your plates full and you're still trying to like  make sure things don't break it,  that your theme parks like this is animal kingdom.
  We're trying to build a zoo also, the biggest zoo in the world.
  It's sometimes some days it's hard to do like four things for me.
  You know, I try to multitask a lot and it can get it can get hard  to do a couple of things.
  Do you think if you were like Michael Eisner and you're like,  I'm looking over all of this stuff, the creative content, Disney parks.
  And then they're like, we have to come up with a curriculum for the school.
  You're like, we're done.
  Get rid of it.
 Why would we do too much? Why?  I don't have time for that.
 That's not that's not that fun.
  What are we doing?  But no, they forged ahead.
  Yeah, the most ambitious man.
  But then didn't he have like a massive heart attack?  Yes, he did.
 Yes, he did have a heart attack.
  Maybe it was about the curriculum.
  Right when that might have been the thing that was the one thing  too many that forced him into a ride for a while.
  Yeah, really? Geez.
  I never put that together that as all this is going on.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Sorry to laugh.
  We still like to have you on the show.
  It's just so crazy.
  It was big.
 Was it a quadruple?  I think it was like Letterman side, like that letter like quad letterman  of the quadruple.
  Didn't he have a bypass to or by Jim?  Maybe I'm mixing them to both of them.
  I'm not sure.
 I don't know.
  I'm proud that we don't know more about the specifics of Eisner's heart attack.
  Well, we will have to do it.
  Maybe they would get creepy.
  Well, if it hasn't already.
  And of course, Frank Wells dies.
  Katzenberg immediately is like trying is on his way out  if he's not already out, you know, starting DreamWorks and the Katzenberg lawsuits.
  I mean, technically, Katzenberg was in the right, like his contract entitled him  to a lot of money and Disney fought him tooth and nail.
  I think he was always in the right.
  When has Katzenberg ever not been in the right?  Of course.
 That's a good point.
  No, I'm wrong.
 He did not.
  He had like a minor little surgery and then he was back to work quickly.
  Michael Eisner was.
  Was it not OK? Was not a massive heart attack.
  Yes, I think I left the hospital Thursday, many quickly from quad.
  Oh, no, I'm right.
  He had quadruple heart bypass surgery.
  I had quadruple in my head.
  Yeah, I was right.
  He's what it is.
  I apologize to me.
  But he went home at lunchtime with doctors saying he's on fast track  to recovery because of his age, only 52.
  Made a remarkable recovery.
  He's basically a healthy person with some arterial problems.
  And they've been corrected.
  There's no damage to his heart.
  He bounced right back from quadruple bypass, same as Letterman.
  Well, and same as Trump got stronger from Covid.
  He was a superman.
  Regeneron.
 Yeah.
  He took he cracked open a vial of Regeneron, like the turtle ooze.
  Gulp it down.
  No!  Teach you.
 Yeah.
  Super Trump.
  And they kept trying to get him out of office by putting that  the antidote in his donut.
  Before, but he kept ripping.
  Yeah, he kept ripping the donuts open and seeing them.
  And it didn't work.
  Because all the post Covid Trump footage, he's had like fangs.
  Yeah.
  It's been just like oozing bile from the teeth.
  Yeah.
  It's yeah.
  I don't think that, by the way, I don't think that's the first time  we've made a super shredder return.
  I don't believe so.
  No, that sounded familiar.
  The ooze style Trump reference.
  But anyway,  that may be the last.
  It's recurring now.
  It's on purpose like the lack of a door in the school.
  It's a callback.
 Yeah.
  Stuff that did work.
  We talked about the movie theater design a little again.
  Worldwide famous architects.
  Michael Graves does the post office.
  Philip Johnson does the town hall, which I found out like an architecture  blog called Thought Co.
  That did like a tour of like all the public buildings that famous people  designed.
  The city hall is interesting because the author of the blog was  speculating that it's a little architecture joke because the city  hall is 50 columns like it just has so many columns and it's very distinctive.
  But that the maybe the architect making fun of the idea of public  classical architecture by just putting an obscene amount of columns on the  building.
 Interesting.
  Sending it up.
  Sending it up.
  I bet a lot of people walked by and had a good laugh.
  Had a good laugh.
  When they saw those columns.
  One of the most dark architecture I've ever seen.
  Robert Venturi on his way to do the, co-do the bank.
  You know, he's laughing.
  Right.
 Of course.
  So that worked is what you're saying.
  Yeah.
 It seems like the public architecture is, you know,  comes up in like, you know,  coffee table books about architecture a lot.
  Mm hmm.
  I like the vibe of a lot of it.
  And I think it was generally overseen by Robert A.
M.
  Stern, who did a lot that I like from that era.
  Sort of like the early to mid 90s Disney stuff.
  Yacht and Beach Club,  the animation building in Burbank with the hat.
  A lot of the boardwalk was also which the if you think about that,  I'm going to live in a town that's like the Yacht Club and the Beach Club and  the boardwalk.
 That sounds pretty great.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Places aesthetic.
 Those are not like fake classy.
  Like I think those are extremely well done.
  But, you know, these some of the houses had some problems.
  I don't know if they I think they mostly outsourced the making of them.
  But here I got the last of my little clips is of that architect of Robert  A.
M.
 Stern and just I think his view of what regular people are and do  is a little interesting.
  We'd like them not only to hide in the backyard and barbecue their hearts out,  but we'd like them to be walking on the sidewalks, biking with their kids.
  Even there will be so little traffic, they can be playing certain games,  rollerblading or whatever in the street.
  We'd like them to be going to the park down the block and tossing a ball  or whatever, walking the dog there.
  We want to get them out of the house.
  We we want them to we want them to to play the ball.
  We want them to not just pick up the ball, but to to toss it, to toss it,  but to their fellow man or father or mom.
  They should view the sky.
  They should be viewing the sky consistently.
  They should be seeing the sun.
  We want them to look at sun and say, look, it is sun.
  The effects of the sun should be something that they are the be reeling from.
  They would be reeling from the effects of the sun and its heat  and its warmth.
  And we want them to look at cloud and say what cloud look like,  what it reminds them of.
  They talk loud is like barbecue cloud is like ball.
  It's a little I mean, that's all like celebration writ large.
  That guy's thing where it's like, well, you're not you're technically correct,  but they're a little removed from your humanity.
  It's a little cold that I think partly when he says get out of the house,  it's like, oh, that was the 90s version of everyone's in front of the boob tube.
  Everyone just stays at home and watches TV.
  It's kind of the equivalent now of like  everyone's looking at their phones, these things, you know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm glad Disney is set for one saying everyone should be at our parks  and also looking at their phones the entire time that they're here.
  Yes.
 Well, you're right.
  You're not scolding us about phone use.
 They want us on it.
  Yes, they figured out you can use your money on your phone.
  Phone can be money.
  We got to work on phone.
  Phone can be money.
  Phone can be money.
  It says that on the wall there at Disney.
  Yeah, it's a shame that scrawled that when he got there.
  It's under to all who come to this happy place.
  Welcome.
  When you wish upon a star and then, yes, scrawled like the Unabomber.
  It says phone can be money.
  Spelled phone wrong.
  They just needed to get that message up so quick.
  So panicked to write it.
 Yeah.
  Um, you know, also, there is that whole thing of, yeah, we were like,  we want them out of the house running around.
  But then also this place did have like an internal,  like a little Internet that was only for them,  which included a library of movies.
  I don't know if it works, but I think it was the idea that there would  you would load up on the digital database.
  So some of your favorite movies on perhaps from Disney.
  So this is so celebration had Netflix.
  They had Disney Plus.
  I can't imagine how that could have worked in 1996.
  But there were some early versions of like like Sega.
  Sega had the Sega Channel.
  I never had it.
 I never even got to use it.
  But it would be this box you'd have to install that was connected.
  I don't know.
 Even I can't explain it to you.
  I guess it's somewhat it would have to be.
  I guess I guess maybe the games were in the box.
  Somebody who's smarter than me probably knows.
  But like so they had the versions of things that would stream  or you'd have access to from something.
  So so it was I guess it wasn't completely impossible.
  It also there was a they had seen everything called front porch  where, you know, you would post about your thoughts and concerns  about the neighborhood.
  And I I don't know what was on there.
  I wasn't there.
  But doesn't that sound a little bit like a great website  we have now called Nextdoor?  It does sound like Nextdoor or Citizen or something.
  And now and they're reusing front porch is what they want.
  That's the movie theater group.
  Oh, all right.
 Yeah.
  Hmm.
 That's what they're all of this whole place is about porches.
  That was one of their new urbanism rules.
  Also, it's all porches and we want cars in the back  and not very long of yards so that all the porches are pushed up close.
  Everybody should be out.
  If you're in, don't ever go inside.
  Be on the sidewalk or be on the porch and say hi to your neighbors  because you're not afraid.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Are you trying to say, Scott, that there's a lot of innovation here,  like a lot of technology that would eventually be adopted by everyone.
  Like with the next door, like what was it actually?  It was a front porch.
 It was a like was it a message board?  I guess.
 Yeah.
  Julie, just a message board.
 OK.
  So, OK.
 Cork board, but digitally, I think.
 Right.
  But I think I read somewhere that you would sometimes see some iffy stuff.
  Oh, yeah.
 Can we get to have we looked at the Internet Archive?  Can we find this? Yeah, we got to comb through that.
  Yeah.
 Do we have to join, though?  Do we have to prove our residents?  I bet we can do it.
 You can cheat that, I'm sure.
  Well, we'll look into it.
  I mean, maybe it takes it's a couple step procedure.
  Yeah, we're looking into it very strongly.
  Oh, no, wait, wait, I found it.
  Oh, very strongly, I guess.
  I might have to.
  Oh, wait, there's no forums.
  All the forums have been deleted, I think.
  And it takes you then to the celebration website, which I already was on.
  OK, so they've which is why we broken the celebration website.
  Yeah, some of the quest blue question mark boxes  where like the image is not there anymore.
 Right.
 Right.
  Speaking of which, apropos of nothing, not that I don't want to do a tangent here,  but the everyone should go to Funny or Die dot com now and see what's there.
  Oh, man.
 I'll tell you what isn't the landlord.
  They managed what to redo the site and you can't find the landlord.
  They have mucked this up beyond belief.
  It's a comedy on it, though.
  Well, all right.
  They got that.
  What they don't do is make websites that work on mobile anymore.
  Oh, well, try it on your phone.
  See what happens anyway.
  Wow.
 It's a really bad.
  People care a lot about Funny or Die dot com out there.
  Yeah, no, they want to.
  And for sure, they want to see this banner  that mostly is promoting television shows that aren't on the air anymore.
  Huh?  OK, well.
  The celebration website, yeah, is a little broken.
  I did end up finding the one of the things they're doing  or I guess they did it last year called the Posh Pooch event,  which I'm excited about.
  Did that pave the way for anything important in the future?  Or is that just its own wonderful event?  I think it's just its own wonderful event.
  What was it?  Well, the Posh Pooch event is where you bring out your dog  and they do some shows.
  There's a costume contest.
  Osceola County Sheriff's Office then does a canine demonstration  where I assume they put a guy in a muscle suit and then have a dog attack it.
  And everyone, the crowd goes wild.
  I think that's a guess.
  What would the canine demonstration be?  Would they like pretend that the dog was like sniffing out weed?  I don't think so.
  I think they would show that the dog is like in bite  an intruder's arm or something.
  I could be wrong.
  Maybe the dog jumps through a hoop and that's fine.
  We have for this and only this instance allowed marijuana  into the Golden Gates of Celebration, Florida.
 Right.
  For your enjoyment, after which it will be incinerated and not in a way  where anybody can be smoking it.
  Not in a fun way.
  They have to do it in the sky.
  There's a whole there's a slate of events.
  You know, Derek and Dave are performing at 2 p.
m.
  I can't find out who they are or what they do.
  What do you mean?  No, they're at the event.
 Derek and Dave are at the event.
  I don't know.
  At Posh Pooch.
 Yes.
  And DJ Joe Magic is DJing all during the day,  which I think would be fun to see DJ Joe Magic.
  Is his given name or just a really cool stage name?  Do you think Joe Magic is his?  I think.
  Joseph Magic.
  He.
 The second.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He but he at least you can find some clips of DJ Joe Magic online and  look, he's got a high energy presentation, a high energy sound.
  If everything is striking me now that I would, it seems possible  now that someone is listening to this, to us, say all this,  who lives in the town has to be and maybe they like the town.
  And here's where maybe we need to say, I don't know.
  This history is all funny, but I could see how living in the town  might be fun.
  I don't know.
 It's probably like  as fine as it is to live in a lot of places, just has all this funny  history to it.
 It's funny here.
  I think even the look for you're listening and you live in celebration.
  I think you'd have to agree with us.
  It's funny that Michael Eisner wants to do this.
  It's a silly idea that Disney wants to build a town.
  The name is silly.
  The name is silly.
  The BBC clip you played is sinister.
  Like all that stuff is true.
  But as far as the actual day to day living in celebration at this moment,  it's like, of course, it might be fine.
 It might be nice.
  Who knows? Fine.
  We're not going to be like Jason and Lake Nona.
  We know Jason hates this place like Jason hates Lake Nona, Florida.
  Twenty sixteen, the town center residents sued Lexington Capital,  alleging chronic negligence, breach of fiduciary duty  and damages of 15 million to 20 million.
  Sure.
 Are you?  It's not great living in all of the town.
  That's from a Daily Beast.
  Well, I'm just saying, you know, you maybe have a little corner of it.
  That's nice.
 And obviously there's some issues, but we don't know.
  I think that's a good disclaimer at the moment.
  Well, we know some of it.
  I mean, the the private equity company that bought it in 2004  immediately established like a million like little companies.
  They have Lexan Celebration LLC, Lexan Celebration Commercial LLC,  Lexan Capital, Lexan Real Estate LLC.
  And they all own little parts of downtown.
  Like this is shady business.
  Private equity is a horrible thing.
  But this is really shady, I think, to go to Florida  and then start buying up pieces of land a little bit at a time  using all these different names instead of just at once.
  If they were for rides, if they were for rides, Scott.
  Yes.
 Secret companies to buy things for rides is a good it's a good secret.
  It was Swamp Land.
  But remember then that same land, which that's how Disney acquired it,  then became Celebration, which then Lexan started doing.
  Right.
 But if it's if they're hoarding housing, that's a different thing  than building white knuckle thrills in a fairy castle.
  White knuckles than building white knucklers or whatever he calls it.
  Hiring fairies with white knuckles.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So, no, we'll do a full episode about the housing crisis in America someday.
  It seems like a lot of the house is fine.
  It seems like there's still a going lawsuit about like the downtown  that the private equity company owns is falling apart.
  I will say in the nicer news, there's a hotel downtown  called the Bohemian Hotel.
 Marriott runs it now.
  I don't think they always did.
  Rooms there are pretty cheap.
  I looked out the room so you can get really some good news  under two hundred dollars a night.
  And I'm saying Hollywood Studios, five miles, Magic Kingdom, eight miles.
  It's probably cheaper to stay in Celebration, Florida  and lift to the Disney parks than stay on site at the Disney.
  Maybe it depends.
  It depends.
 The one downside, no Walgreens or Target or supermarket.
  You need things in your room.
  There's some quaint little boutiques and probably a coffee shop and a pet store.
  But DJ Joe Magic might be closer to you if you are in Celebration.
  Yeah, you might not go to the parks.
  You might just watch every DJ Joe Magic said.
  Yeah.
 And let's be honest, the pooches are far more posh in Celebration.
  So if you like a fancy dog, that's where you should go.
  Well, Lady from Lady and the Tramp is a pretty posh pooch.
  But Lady's not really represented in the parks terribly much.
  No, she's not.
  Yeah.
 Is there any other?  Yeah, she is absolutely the most posh pooch of all the Disney pooches.
  How posh was Beverly Hills Chihuahua?  Pretty posh.
  But they're posh.
  Yeah.
 Beverly Hills are going to be posh.
  That's true.
  Duchess, of course, from the aristocrat is a cat, but she's very posh.
  Very posh.
 We can't count her as a pooch because she's not a pooch.
  Um, the one of the buddies has to be posh, I think.
  One of the air buddies or space.
  Yeah, that's got to be.
  Yeah.
 If anybody knows those movies at all, let us know who is.
  Your poshest Disney pooch.
  We're having our own contest here on podcast The Ride.
  The pod, the pick of the poshest pooch podcast contest.
  Yeah, I guess you'd have to put.
 Yeah.
  There's got to be a P word.
  Yeah, we'll figure that out.
  Pick the poshest pooch podcast pandemonium.
  Yeah, that's good.
  That's going to be whatever.
  Yeah, official.
  That'll be your official contest that we do every year.
  So, yeah, no, some of this sounds bad.
  There's buildings that have just leaked forever.
  And then it's like the leak, the Lexan Capital.
  I will lean also in Disney's defense.
  I think Lexan Capital has really let some of this go to shit more than  than Disney ever did because you hear stories about like,  well, the roof I bought the condo  and then the roof started leaking immediately.
  Could I get that that roof fixed?  Well, the roof.
 See, what you really bought is the inside,  not the outside.
  Outside is the roof.
  So if you have a suggestion for a way that the roof could be improved,  such as, I don't know, different shingles or stopping the massive leak,  then feel free to take it up with the Town Center Foundation,  which we at Lexan Capital run.
  Yes.
 And that's different than the owner found the owner group  who are not allowed to see the document.
  Like, it's it's very kooky.
  Kind of tangentially related.
  Friend of the show, Lentesto, a few years ago tweeted,  our entire complex, Sola at Celebration was condemned today.
  And I believe he has a full episode about that on their bandcamp stream  for the Disney dish.
 So check them out.
 Mm hmm.
  Yeah.
 So look, is it a utopia? No, no, it's not.
  But I don't know.
  Calling him friend of the show made me  I feel like I have to address the time where somebody said to us,  you see, you guys know Lentesta and you guys both  like very like playing it like, you know, we've actually we've been in his hotel room.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like neat.
  Yeah.
 As if it was Mick Jagger was the tone of it.
  You know, we actually he actually listened to his.
  Len is listening right now.
  He listens to the second gate.
 I'm aware of it.
  And he knows he is like Mick Jagger to us.
  Other thing, I can't know Len that it's being dry.
  You let us into your room and then it didn't end there.
  It's been bragged about where we're gaining.
  Yeah, exactly.
 From this is social points.
  Our social status is so much higher.
  I ran by and Lentesta's hotel.
  I read, you know what?  The funny story when we first met, well, we met Len in Galaxy's Edge  and we were going to interview him and I ran by and said hello  to a friend of the show, Matt Cardona, professional wrestler, Matt Cardona,  who is eating in downtown Disney.
  And I was like, hey, man, good to see you.
  I got to go.
 Got a big interview with Len.
  And he goes, yeah, I get it.
  He's like, I understand, because he's a theme park guy.
  So, yeah, absolutely.
  Now, Matt Cardona has some feelings about Lake Nona, isn't that correct?  It is.
 Yes, he I could go read his text.
  And I'm just telling you, I'm telling you, I think the same thing's  just going to happen like any planned community.
  I think the same thing's going to happen here.
  You know, I know you're applying the future to it.
  You were talking about current day Lake Nona.
  Oh, no, I don't know.
  I mean, I met the Lake Nona, like Disney,  you know, office apartment thing.
  Well, it's not how you said the town.
  You said the town in general, which caused  you this text message to be sent.
  Do you have it? I do have it.
  It says Jason can suck it.
  Lake Nona is beautiful.
  I'm sure the area is plenty nice and I'm sure it'll be even nicer.
  I am only sure that a wrestler is saying to you.
  I have another I have another text, too.
  Let me see where.
  If you two work on your listening, you would understand the context that was.
  Wait a minute.
  But wait, there's still there's quote, there's the info that was beyond the quote.
  That doesn't make sense.
  It seems like Matt Cardona, you're saying Matt Cardona.
  I think if you go back to the episode, we were trying to add some.
  We were trying to say, well, maybe the area is nice, despite the fact that with Disney,  what I was saying on the episode was that it sucks that Disney is making people move  because they've been here for a long time.
  And I kept saying, well, maybe the area is nice because it's not like you're  trash in the area.
 And then you kept going in on the actual area.
  That is what happened.
  I thought we were discussing the like concept art of the development,  which looks like a glorified celebration, Florida downtown,  which seems like will be great for C-suite executives making six  fingers, regular people working and imagineering.
  Like, I think there's already a housing crunch coming in Florida.
  Yes, I understand what you're saying there.
  But I'm saying if you go back and listen, I think that is what  I'm saying in the conversation.
  I see.
 And I can't find the other one where somebody goes, oh, man, Jason said  Lake Nona is bad.
 It's not.
 It's good.
  I'm just saying I'm saying if there were two text messages,  that was the information being conveyed.
  All right.
 A certain way.
  And if that's all I'm saying for you to apologize to Lake Nona,  you might want to take the opportunity.
  I apologize to current Lake Nona.
  And, you know, I'm but I can't help  but acknowledge the people pointing out that like, yeah, this is going to be great  for very wealthy Disney employees who won't have to pay the income.
  There's no real occasion.
  There's no doubt about it that the Disney company's decision  will obviously benefit them and very the very least inconvenience  the people that work for them highly inconvenienced and upend their lives.
  That is no debate.
  We were just literally saying, well, maybe they're not being thrown  in the worst pit in the world.
  That's all we were saying.
  OK, that's all was happening.
  So I don't think MacArdon is that mad.
  I know he's so we should have him on and I'll he'll look and find out.
  Well, I know he's a death match wrestler now and I'm scared.
  He just had a very scary death match.
  He was bleeding all over the place and the next day went to Universal Studios.
  Wow.
  And also plenty of people, you know, there are other people, you know,  if you go to the show, Bo Casino and the Lannox City, they're very good chance  you come out bleeding.
  So, you know, it's kind of part of that's fair.
  That's fair.
 Yeah.
  It's not that you want to talk about not really well kept up.
  He's I will say also just now because we're on tangent land here.
  He's wrestling in a couple of days in a place that I played indoor  soccer at Hoffman Estates when I was seven.
  Wow.
 Which is really funny.
  Yes, the actual venue where I played indoor soccer.
  They're running wrestling shows there in Hoffman Estates.
  So anyway, now that we're off the beaten path here,  that's what happens at celebration.
  We'll get back on it.
 We'll take a walk.
  We'll play with the ball.
  I mean, I feel like we're winding or we have to wind it.
  I knew this would be a it'd be a long walk.
  I figured there's a lot here.
  I mean, I guess that's that's a curiosity I have is like, is there like  is it possible to enjoy living there if your building isn't condemned,  if it's not one of the places that Lexan is let go into the toilet?  Yeah, let us know.
  Yeah.
 Let us know if you lived there or grew up there.
  What was the deal?  I'm sure I'm sure  there are a million untold stories of celebration.
  Yeah.
 Or maybe it was just boring.
  I don't know.
 I mean, OK.
  Oh, I was going to say, like, I'm sure there's like an interesting,  like fully fleshed out research, like year by year thing of  the evolution of celebration, Florida.
  Yeah, sure.
  And then, yes, let us know how we're doing.
  We're talking about other stuff.
  No, we're just goofing.
 We're making Big Bird jokes.
  But yeah, Jamie Lofton, we have your next project, Jamie Loftus.
  If you are the full celebration deep depth, she's a pro at that.
  There's there's one thing maybe to throw in and maybe we can end on this point.
  And this is one of those where, again, everyone is in pursuit  of tearing this place apart.
  Like it's it's a hotbed of this and that.
  And the origin of this seems to be the Daily Mail,  which is sort of tabloid.
 Yeah, I think.
 Yes.
  But I saw it a pop.
  This phrase popped up in a number of places and where if they caused it,  I'm just curious, like, what is the source or if there's any accuracy to this?  And this is almost the main thing I'd like to hear from anyone about.
  If you can speak to the truth of this,  that the idea that Celebration Florida was a hotbed of wife swapping.
  Oh, nice.
  OK, now I just I don't I don't know.
  It I could not.
  I guess I think I saw one article somewhere that implied that  families, much like the one that we saw, maybe not literally the one  that we saw in one of those videos, that you go in pursuit of,  you know, shaking it up.
  And what ends up happening is you're saying hi to so many neighbors  on your front porch.
  Maybe you start getting further than the porch and maybe the marriage is itself.
  Like, like, apparently, like there are people who say, like,  this place was like a divorce magnet, like just something happened to you  when you got that.
  But it's sort of like unnamed source.
  And this feels like  shady to me.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
  So if you were a wife who swapped,  if your wife swapped, if your mother was a wife,  send that to Jason and Scott, because I can't even handle stories  of marital infidelity, even in a consent like an agreed upon way.
  You know, I I'm wondering how much of it is kind of snowbird population now.
  I feel like I saw one vlogger who was like, yeah, my family lives down here,  but a lot of the neighbors are only here for part of the year.
  You know, if this is almost like how much of it is vacation properties at this.
  Oh, I imagine that has to be a ton of like who goes down.
  I mean, I guess I guess since it's not Disney anymore, it's not so tight,  but it's certainly at the time it was like we're going to the Disney town  to be by Disney and go all the time.
  And I'm sure obviously a bunch of people have to be doing that.
  And probably once in a while, I don't know what other like,  is there another town in America that is a hotbed for wife swapping?  Like, do we how do they know that?  How does that get around Cougar Town?  Cougar Town, Universal Studios lot.
  I guess.
 Or no, no, I guess.
  It was Storia Lane.
 Yeah.
  How does that get out?  How does that get to the Daily Mail?  It must be there are so much swapping going on  that there's literally no way that that news story doesn't like the mayor knows.
  The guy who publishes the newspaper knows like the meetings about it.
  There were town meetings.
 There's too much swapping.
  The amount of swapping happening for it to become like  the town is known for must be so great.
  Raise your hand if you're here and you are a wife who has swapped.
  Yeah.
 Every with the hands of all the hands go up.
  So I was going to where is your hand if you haven't swapped?  Like a Google swapping town,  wife swapping town, and is it celebration that comes up?  Or is there like, like, oh, Billings, Montana.
  Also wife swapping.
 That's one of the top.
  Italy.
 Oh, go ahead.
  I did when I just I looked up wife swapping town and the first thing  it just says revealed Italy is the home of wife swapping.
  Sounds right to me.
 I don't know.
  So the biggest wife swapping town is Italy.
 Italy.
 Italy.
  So what did you find, Scott?  I found this is in the mirror.
  You can try to find more information.
  There is a name Malcolm Longley, a property investor  who moved to celebration from Maidenhead, also claimed there was a seedy side  to celebration with wife swapping being rife.
  He said in 2010, and this is post Disney.
  So let's let it be known Disney and Eisner were not encouraging swapping.
  He's been with Jane, his wife, who named the town.
 He stayed with her.
  So he said in 2010, we call it celebration separation.
  Pretty much all the interesting pretty much all the British people  I know who have moved here have come here happily married and ended up divorced.
  It's an incestuous town.
  And there's an element of his wife swapping.
  So he's saying that this is a British phenomenon.
  Oh, well, I don't know what's going on on that island.
  You know, that's weird, because I because as far as I know,  Italy is the home of wife swapping.
 So yeah.
  And then secondary, there's  Ladaka in India, wife swapping.
  That's coming up on my search as well.
 Yeah.
  So so literally here's here.
  My search results.
 First is Italy.
 Second is celebration.
  It's the Daily Mail article.
  And then India's third in the results.
  So Celebrations wife swapping is really it was or at least was really rampant.
  It was really a thing.
  So the show Wife Swap began as a British television series.
  OK, well, they've done a lot to put this idea out there.
  There you go.
  Read this filth to spread the notion of swapping.
  Wow.
 So mainly a British.
  They call it Brit Wifing down there.
  Now a new British wife is in town.
  Wife swaps.
  As far as I know, the English version of wife swap is a lot more wholesome  because you'd get like  it looks like Jack K and Tracy Lords, which swap husbands.
  Vern Troyer and Heinz Ward would swap wives.
  Corey Feldman and Tommy Davidson.
  But they wouldn't.
 It wasn't a sex thing.
  It was just like living with each other for.
  Oh, it's just like, oh, I see.
 I see.
  You're just like, oh, Joe Piscopo and Barry Williams in season three.
  They the two of them.
  Yeah.
 The two most famous white fro havers.
  That's right.
 Of the 20th century.
  So how about that?  Oh, Bristol and Willow Palin and Joan and Melissa Rivers.
  What?  With the mother and daughter, it's wife and daughter swaps.
  Can Joan Joan was Joan? Joan was not remarried.
  We're going to have to watch to find out, folks.
  All right.
 Yeah, we'll watch every episode of wife swap  and report back on our finding the notion now being related to Disney  because of their town is their wife's swappy town.
  They had a wifey town.
  So like like Jiminy Chimney Sweep or whatever your name is  in celebration, mind your own business.
  That's what I say.
  Blabbing to the tabloids.
  Yeah, really.
  I mean, he's breaking the code.
  He is.
 Yeah.
  What? Yeah.
 Golden.
  Do they wife swap in Golden Oak?  Do you know?  I don't know.
  I'll figure that out.
  Yeah, we'll talk to somebody who lives there.
  Only the Brits, I guess.
  I never met swingers that much until I came here, said  Martin Martin Poppins.
  We know that's not real.
  All right, let's get out of here.
  You survived.
 I guess the right  the second gate, boy, a boy.
  Lots to say there.
  You felt like you moved into a town for a while.
  Yeah, really? Listening to this episode.
  But hey, more coming up, as always, three bonus episodes a month.
  Keep it tuned here.
  I don't know.
  Anybody thinking about heading to a pub tonight?  To what? To swap?  I don't know.
 No, just to enjoy some ales.
  OK, if it's just a I guess.
  There's no swapping involved.
  I would go.
 But yeah.
  But I feel like you're I don't know.
  I feel like you because doing this episode, you've got a taste for it.
  Night lat well, and I'm the only one with a wife.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  So yeah.
 So I mean, I guess you could.
  I sure noticed I got us a babysitter and  just if you're interested in a pub this evening.
  I would.
 OK, here's what I'll say.
  I would not be interested in swapping wives or swapping partners,  except if it was with Barry Williams.
  And then you're just asking like, so like, I mean, does he like Branson or like?  Well, is he like, does he is it different butterfly neck shirts every night?  Like, how many does he have?  It's like a lot of shows a day.
  He probably runs through this quickly.
  Could I wear his clothes?  Could I try them on?  Yeah, it would be a lot like that.
  So yeah, that I would be interested in that.
  That's what I would be interested in.
  It comes back, catches you naked in his bedroom.
  And you have to say, no, no, no, I was just changing between butter.
  Between leisure suits.
  I was just putting on your brands and leisure suits that you do your shows with, you know.
  Nothing, nothing at all.
  Your wife is out of the house.
 I sent her away.
  I wouldn't have some of the British.
  I thought some of the pot roast gravy from the dinner part of your dinner theater.
  He brings over leftovers from the dinner theater.
  Yeah, you know, they do.
  Here's what's really great about performing in Branson.
  Yeah.
 Oh, man, we got to get down there.
  Avery, you can drink.
  Oh, we got to get down there.
  We sure do.
 And we got to get out of here so long.
