 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast features Mrs.
 Taz,  abandoned gas grills, teens that live in Valencia,  and the famous superheroes Batman, Superman,  and Scottie Pippen.
  All this plus Scottie Gairdner takes his first trip  to Six Flags Magic Mountain on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the only theme park podcast  that blasts you with blue fog at the top of every episode.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Scott Gairdner.
  There it is.
  Unless it was out, unless we didn't distribute it properly  to all the bones.
  We use Six Flags Fog People, so you never know.
  Yeah, it's very possible it's sputtering  like a poorly kept 4D theater.
  Mike Carlson also here.
  Yes, I'm here and I'm also disappointed  that our fog isn't always so on point,  that our fog blasts aren't just always really  like stunning fog blasts.
  We really should, I don't know, do we have to pay more money?  Or do people like that?  Do they like the charm of our fog blasts?  Maybe that's what they like.
  They may like that, they don't like the decreased projection  against Joker gas, against laughing gas.
  Ah.
  So.
  But this is not laughing gas, this is just fog, fog,  as some people might call it.
  Well, it's like the fog that Cyborg developed  to protect you from the two.
  Right, right, but I'm saying like fog, you're fog,  I think I say fog more if we're talking pronunciation.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, I mean, you're in the Midwest right now.
  Your accent may be slipping back in.
  Yes, that is true.
  We're gonna give you a little peek behind the curtain.
  I am in the Midwest at the moment.
  And yeah, I could say, I could go back,  I could call soda pop.
  I could do a whole number of different things  that would show my true roots because I'm feeling it here.
  It just rained.
  That doesn't happen in Southern California.
  So I'm really, I'm feeling it.
  I'm feeling like a kid again, to be honest with you.
  You dripping?  You bring some rainwater on it,  did you splash onto the mic?  I like that as just sort of a phrase  to see how you're doing.
  Hey, you dripping?  Yeah, I went out for a second.
  You guys dripping?  Yeah, I am not dripping, I will say that.
  I am not.
  It's also very close to Pippin,  which of course, Scottie Pippin,  Chicago Bull, long time Chicago Bull,  who had a juice box called Scottie Pippin's Zippin  in the mid 90s.
  Really?  So it reminds me of that as well,  which all again, childhood, I'm here.
  I'm in Schaumburg, Illinois.
  So yeah, I'm feeling it.
  You know, my dad has interacted with Scottie Pippin  on a golf course.
  I think you have told us this before,  but may I mention that?  I don't remember the details.
  I think you may have run into him several times.
  And the details are mildly embarrassing  because any big Scott Garner heads out there,  I'm sure there's thousands to millions of you.
  There's a video I did a long time ago called Beatles 3000.
  And the idea is that it's a documentary done way  in the future of people trying to figure out  what the Beatles were a thousand years ago  using like poorly constructed,  like you could, there's barely any information.
  It's just the ruins of civilization.
  And can we figure out what the Beatles were?  And due to a poorly reconstructed photograph,  they think that Scottie Pippin was the fourth Beatle.
  And so he's like rendered in the video  in Beatles fashion, like an artist rendering.
  And just, you know, the name worked well, I thought.
  And like, so that's fun.
  My dad thought, oh, this is a good thing  to talk to him about.
  Maybe he's been made aware of this video.
  I would have known this.
  Sorry, continue.
  He, well, you know, and so he just went up to him,  like found him, you know, between holes or something  and walked up and like, yeah, Scottie, what's going on?  You ever heard of this video?  It's a video, it's on, it's a Beatles video.
  It's on the YouTube channel.
  It's on Scott Garner and he's on the YouTube,  like his poor way of explaining what anything is current.
  So that's already, he's at a deficit there.
  This is also the COVID era.
  So nobody should be charging up to anybody anywhere,  even though people are careful on the golf course.
  But I think, I believe Scottie just kind of like blinked  and nodded and like, huh, okay, no,  I don't know what you, sorry, gotta go, bye.
  I think this is an extremely awkward interaction.
  The video is not familiar to him, despite going viral.
  Somehow it didn't make its way to,  On his desk, yeah.
  Yeah, you know, and anybody in the Pippin enterprise,  you know, what do you do?  You gotta keep him aware of how he's being represented  in culture, especially internet viral culture in 2009.
  So, or else, you know, dads end up  in awkward situations like that.
  That could have really protected your father from that.
  Yeah.
  He could have said like, oh, of course I know it.
  It's my favorite video.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's better than any bulls highlight I ever watch.
  That's my favorite thing that I ever was a part of.
  You know, Mr.
 Gertner, you said it was.
  I, for a long time, wondered if my place  in pop culture was set.
  And then I wasn't sure, no matter how many rebounds I got  or points I scored.
  But when I saw that video, I knew that I was for the ages.
  So thank you, sir.
  And bless your son.
  Man, what could have been?  And the last thing I'll say real quick about Scotty  before we actually get to the actual topic  is that Scotty has his own bourbon now called Digits.
  And it's only carried around here.
  You better believe I'm getting Scotty Pippin's Digits bourbon  while I'm in Chicago.
  I'm very excited.
  He also has a popcorn called Husk  that he's been promoting that I'm very interested in as well.
  But Digits is really my main focus at the moment.
  Sorry, has he been promoting it or is it his actual,  has he been involved in the popcorn recipe?  I'm clear with Husk and I apologize for not knowing more.
  He seems to be less featured as far as in the Husk marketing,  but Digits seems to be much more his thing.
  Wow, Digits referred to.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I forget, I should know that, but I don't.
  But what you're saying is you could wash down  some Husk popcorn with some Digits bourbon.
  That's correct.
  Because I liked, believe it or not,  I'm not the biggest sports fan in the world,  but my two teams were like the 1990 Chicago Cubs  and then of course the Bulls, the Chicago Bulls,  which were like, you know what?  I'm gonna tie it back, watch this.
  I liked the Chicago Bulls so much at the time  because they felt to me like the Justice League  or the Avengers.
  They felt like superheroes.
  They all were like fascinating in their own way.
  And obviously they were just unstoppable.
  And that is a big part of why I still have  so much affection for Chicago Bulls.
  That's how I felt about the dream team,  which Scottie Pippen was also on,  that it felt like, oh, this is like when the all-stars,  it's like a bigger all-star game that's beyond one night.
  And I liked that they wore different clothes  for the all-star game.
  Yes, they had different uniforms.
  The most different, because they wear like all white  as if they'd been like magically transformed  in a Captain EO kind of way.
  Right, it's like the-  It's all very magical.
  Right, it's like when the Avengers in Endgame  go back in time and they have to put on like their time suits.
  So it's like they're different superheroes now  for the dream team get together.
  This is, by the way, real sad for the context  that certain people's brains have to get into  to be very into sports.
  I am aware of that, but this is-  Yeah, it's all outfit oriented.
  It's outfit oriented.
  Did you see the behind the scenes stuff  that was going around where it's like those time suits  they wore, which are very just like beige,  beige-y white, like were largely CG.
  You're talking about the Avengers, not the dream team.
  Yes, okay.
  No, the dream team was practical.
  The Avengers time suits were-  Okay, good.
  To get that perfect washed out beige, washed out red,  they had to put the dots and everything on them.
  Yeah, there's a lot of funny like superhero  behind the scenes footage that,  and I think we maybe talked about this not long ago.
  There's a scene in Black Widow where they're just  that sort of arrest stop truck stop thing  and Black Widow's there with her sister  and they're talking at a bench or whatever.
  And it turned out like that the whole thing  was green screen in the background  and it's just a very mundane place.
  Like, I don't know why that would have to be the place  where you'd have to use green screen.
  It's like nighttime and there's one other table  in the background.
  Right, right.
  So I am always amused actually when I see some  of the behind the scenes stuff for superhero movies.
  Cause yeah, it will be like the costume will be,  somebody's wearing like a bracelet  and there's just dots there  where they have to digitally insert the brace,  like the very mundane bracelet or something.
  So-  You couldn't buy a bracelet.
  The actor wasn't willing to grow their hair out.
  You couldn't have put like a wig there.
  You put like a string of dots.
  At that point, just put a hair extension on.
  No, it's too hard.
  Cause then you can manipulate the hair better  in post, I guess.
  You can make it catch the light exactly perfectly.
  Yeah, yeah, no, it's better to just, yeah.
  Just do it all in post.
  That was a beautiful way of tying it back into the topic.
  I'm gonna go ahead and untie it backwards  and say that I've now learned that husk is no mere popcorn.
  This is an organic-  Yes, yes, I knew that.
  Superfood popcorn with unconventional flavor.
  You say unconventional, I say awful sounding  like cayenne and ginger, kale and broccoli.
  How much kale are you getting in popcorn?  Have you ever tried though, like kale chips  that are like cheddar kale chips before?  Those are good.
  That sounds familiar.
  Oh, I'm not against, look, kale in things  is I'm not unilaterally against.
  I think popcorn is an odd place to try to jam it.
  There's barely any food in popcorn.
  It's almost like eating flavored paper, you know?  Where are you even inserting these flavors?  Yeah, I don't know.
  It's a good question.
  I'm more, Lindsay is a big popcorn fan,  so I have had more popcorn in the last so many years  and I'm intrigued now.
  I wouldn't have been intrigued 10 years ago,  but I am more intrigued now by husk,  the organic popcorn endorsed by Scottie Pippen.
  Does one bag being $5, how does that affect your intrigue?  Well, Jason obviously is gonna be reeling from that price.
  How big a bag are we talking?  154 grams.
  I'm sorry, the information I have to present to you  is unusable because who can picture what a gram is?  I can't, we're gonna have to do some conversions.
  I'm sorry, this is not the research  that you're not equipped here, thanks to the grams.
  Well, I just learned about husk and digits.
  So like, Mike, are you going to like a local watering hole?  Like the old bears dive, the bears themed dive bar  to get like a shot of digits or you're getting a bottle?  Oh, I think I'm gonna get, yeah, still in the pandemic.
  I'm not gonna go to probably a dive bar for a while.
  So I will probably get a bottle of it  as opposed to going to like downtown  and going to like Ditkos or something,  if that's what you're thinking.
  Going to Ditkos or going to Jordan's Steakhouse.
  I wonder if Jordan's Steakhouse carries digits.
  That would be an interesting question.
  That would be, yeah.
  And if it doesn't, then why?  Why?  Can we get a multi-part documentary series on that?  On that decision or lack thereof?  Yeah, I want, no, as far as,  did we all watch the last dance?  Yes.
  I mean, I could do, give me a documentary on every game  as far as those seasons are concerned.
  Oh yeah, no, they should just like,  show us all the rough, but I think who,  like we all devoured it when the pandemic started.
  By May or June, if they just said, here's all the dailies,  wouldn't you have watched them?  Oh, a hundred percent, yes.
  And I also-  Every piece of it is just,  let me just watch Jordan sit down and get back up  and ask for water.
  I just like-  Watch the levels of his cup, of his glass of tequila.
  Yes.
  Rising and falling.
  That would be great.
  What's getting poured in there?  What's the drink of choice?  Yep.
  I also want it from every bowl's vantage point too,  because obviously that's like very Jordan centric  as far as the retelling of all the things.
  So like give me a full Last Dance told  from Tony Kukoc's perspective,  from Randy Brown's perspective,  from any of the other Chicago bowls.
  I am interested in all of it.
  That's how obsessed I am with it.
  And obviously the America as well.
  Yeah, and if Kukoc has any liquor or food endeavors,  I'd like to know about those as well.
  I would too.
  I'll invest.
  Yeah, we'll all invest in Tony Kukoc's endeavors,  food or otherwise.
  Vodka.
  Yeah.
  Whatever it is.
  Okay, all right.
  So let's tie it back in.
  It's a super food popcorn, the rides about superheroes.
  There, we're back.
  We're in and it is Justice League.
  It is Six Flags, Justice League, Battle for Metropolis,  which has been touched on the show a little bit before.
  And in various ways,  because we've talked about our trips to Six Flags.
  We've talked about all the rides based on Batman,  but we left this one out  because it's kind of its own thing.
  But the big headline here,  it's really like what the ride is  that most Six Flags rides are not.
  It is a dark ride.
  It is a screen ride.
  It involves IP.
  We in a bigger, we in a robotic manner.
  It's not just IP and that like the name was used  and put on a ride that has a green track or a blue track.
  And that's the color of the hero.
  Exactly.
  It's an interactive ride, a 3D ride, a shooting ride.
  This is all genres that Six Flags has not really tackled.
  And they started doing it.
  I think these all went in circa 2015 through 2017.
  Yes, animatronics as well.
  There's a big animatronics component.
  Depending on how much money you wanna spend,  there might be more animatronics.
  But yeah, it is, I think generally positive development.
  I would love to see more of it because frankly,  I think if you're talking about big characters,  big intellectual property,  I don't think any has been more squandered in theme parks  than the DC comics, Superman and Batman and Wonder,  like the biggest, some of the biggest,  most recognizable characters in the world.
  We did the episode, it could have been a year ago.
  It could have been three weeks ago  as far as Batman the rides.
  And yeah, we kind of came to that conclusion there.
  There are some okay Batman rides.
  You add in the other,  we add in Superman and Wonder Woman all that.
  And then it's like really like egregious.
  It's truly insane.
  These characters are not better utilized.
  Right.
  This also felt like when this was announced,  I think people were maybe getting their hopes up.
  And maybe I'm just speaking about myself  or Jason, I guess said it too.
  People were like, oh, maybe Six Flags  is now gonna kind of get in the game  as far as being a more well-rounded park  and do more of this type of thing.
  But I don't think there's any talk of that, right?  We're in, we're almost, this year's almost over.
  There's no like announcement  that there's a new dark ride coming to Six Flags, right?  I don't think so, which is a shame  because I think number two  of Squandered Intellectual Properties  is the Looney Tunes characters.
  Like, I mean, at the theme parks and movies,  let's be frank, at this point,  we're all after this past summer,  we're all like begging for like back in action  Looney Tunes quality.
  We're all like, we're all gonna do more basketball talk.
  We have to talk about the Justice League.
  Yes.
  Well, that's okay,  because basketball is not a huge component in Space Jam 2.
  I don't know, the movie you were watching,  there's an hour long basketball game.
  In which the points don't matter.
  Yeah, that's-  Like, whose line is it anyway?  It's all about bonus games and extraneous or shit.
  Yeah, basketball,  told, not showed, what's the term?  Like, doing the opposite of most screenwriting techniques.
  Yeah, so yeah, I think that Looney Tunes,  yeah, Six Flags, I think people were like,  oh wow, maybe Six Flags now like every other year  will get maybe like a new dark ride  and then the Six Flags parks could get a little bit more,  yeah, transformed, well rounded.
  Not that they have to be Disney or Universal,  but it is nice to go on a robot ride in between  a ride that's gonna rattle your brain  or crush your genitals.
  That's nice.
  Yeah.
 Yes, yeah.
  Well, and this ride existing gave me a good reason  to make my first proper trip to Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  As I've said before, despite growing up in Los Angeles,  I never went because it's all rides that scare me.
  And besides doing a fairly depressing Christmas drive-through,  when we were in super lockdown back in December,  that was really, that was the first time  I was ever on the ground.
  So this Justice League caused me to go for the first time  as a regular paying customer.
  So now I'm coming to the table  with my first Magic Mountain experience,  which is pretty exciting.
  And Jason and I are comic book boys, as we know,  we're Marvel boys, but we are also DC boys too.
  I don't wanna shortchange DC.
  Yeah, I don't wanna either.
  I mean, my notes have the phrase speed, force,  and hyper time in them, you know,  and I'm sure we'll get to that.
  We'll talk about favorite Flash.
  Who's your favorite Flash?  You know?  Wally West, 90s Wally West, but you know, we'll get back.
  Yeah, we'll get back to that.
  I was gonna say Bart Allen, Impulse,  but then he was Kid Flash, but okay.
  I don't know if you found him.
  Yeah, close number two.
  You counted Foley as a Flash.
  Anyway, let's go ahead.
  I'd go Drewmont Creaf would be my name.
  Yeah, a little known Flash, but still.
  I'm going with the real heads.
  Beloved by, yeah, the real hard core.
  Yeah, sidekick to Max Mercury, cousin to Jesse Quick.
  You know? Of course, of course, of course.
  Yeah, of course.
  So let's start, man, let's start with Scott's day, I think.
  Yeah, Scott.
 I would love to.
  Yeah.
  Cause there was, oh yes, go ahead.
  Oh, I was gonna say, did you go up?  Did you happen to hit one of the days  during the heat wave when you were there?  No, I was actively avoiding it.
  Yeah, I've been like,  like eyeing temperatures for the last couple of weeks  because it's been getting a little crazy.
  And Santa Clarita is a little hotter than where we live.
  Like there was a day where we didn't end up doing it  cause it was, it was north of a hundred.
  So I'm glad we avoided that.
  So one detail everybody should know about me going,  and this sort of helped triangulate everything is,  there was a friend of mine, a friend of ours,  friend of the show, Buzz Buzz Skittle Scattle,  told me that he was, he had a free ticket somehow  to Magic Mountain.
  And he was just asking me like, you know,  is this worth going?  Is there, is there stuff to check out?  I realized like, oh, maybe we could do something  for the show.
  I would love to go.
  And that's where my friend told me that despite,  well, despite being, he didn't call himself this,  but despite being the most dangerous man in podcasting,  he is apparently not into big old thrill rides.
  So he did not even want to go on.
  So he was asking me, is there stuff to do  if we don't go on big roller coasters?  And I'm like, well, this is fantastic  because this is my way to go to Magic Mountain  without being goaded into doing a bunch of stuff  that I don't want to do.
  So unfortunately for the listener,  I can't tell any stories about getting my nuts crushed  or screaming my vocal cords out at the top of Tatsuit  or whatever.
  I did almost nothing.
  I was in a safe space where both of us  were avoiding things like that.
  I see.
  So you didn't even do any roller co-  Did you do anything roller coaster wise?  We did.
  So yeah, well, so he, you know, he's asking me,  is there enough to do if we go?  I say, well, I've been meaning to do Justice League  Battle for Metropolis.
  It's a screenwriter, it's got robots,  all this stuff that they don't really do.
  He's like, great, let's do it, let's go.
  And let's figure out what we can do there.
  What is a day at Six Flags where you aren't going on  a bunch of roller coasters.
  Now we did, we did hit up one,  because I was looking into it and like,  it's gotta be one that's pseudo tame enough to do.
  And I did Ninja.
  Ninja is like pretty not adventurous, I would say.
  Anybody done Ninja?  That is swinging, goes through the trees, is that right?  Yes, yeah, pretty much.
  Yeah, suspended coaster, there's not a lot of them left.
  They look like little boats to me,  like you're kind of in a little plastic boat.
  Yeah, I always thought of those as very comforting.
  I don't know why, I don't know if they're any safer,  more or less safe, I think going through the forest,  like, you know, usually you go through some sort  of landscaping in those.
  And that always appealed to me.
  And I think that was a kind that like when I was younger,  like that was dipping my toes in,  I would try a suspended coaster.
  Yes, yeah, there's one at Kings Island  that I think was called Top Gun when I went.
  And that was like within my comfort zone.
  This one still is, got pretty fast.
  You get splashed by the nearby flume ride  while you're on it, early tweeted,  which was kind of jarring,  getting a splash in the face on this coaster.
  But like pretty pleasant experience.
  One odd thing about it, my friend lost his hat  while we were on the ride.
  Did end up finding it, it was just in the row.
  It like fell immediately to the row behind us,  which was empty.
  But then I was like, every little day,  I was looking up Six Flags deaths,  and I found out one of the deaths was somebody going  and looking for his hat in the ninja,  in the grounds of ninja and getting whacked  by the attraction, yes.
  Yeah.
  If you don't wear hats that you think you're gonna miss.
  Don't look for them.
  They certainly don't look for them,  which it's weird that this even happened,  because again, Magic Ground is entirely new to me.
  And so one of the big things that I noted  and didn't know about before  is the constant warning signs on fences.
  There are so many, it's just extreme caution or explosive.
  There's a big sign about something being explosive  right next to a ride that's like Tweety's cages.
  It's like the most four little kids ride.
  There's scary warnings like every 10 feet.
  It's wild.
  Huh, you know, actually that's funny is that  if you're a listener now  and maybe this is one of your first episodes,  go back and listen to our Six Flags Fight Fest episode,  because that's my first time going to Magic Mountain  a couple years ago.
  And I don't, there's a lot of things I noticed  on that episode, but that is actually not one of them.
  I didn't even notice that there were a lot of like  disclaimers basically everywhere in the park.
  It is more now than there used to be.
  I don't know, it was crazy.
  I was certainly thinking about that Fright Fest episode.
  And it was, you know, easy too,  because they're starting to put up Fright Fest stuff.
  I for one felt a little starstruck  when I saw one of the fabled fog machines.
  Oh yeah.
  As discussed in the episode where teens,  you saw teenagers run up and like take kits of fog  straight out of the fog machine.
  They suck the fog out of the fog machine, yes.
  Teens sucking fog.
  Yeah.
  Blast in a big plume, you know?  What does that do to you, you think?  You think there's anything, you think it's like,  is it anything resembling like if you, you know,  huffed spray paint or something,  or is any of it like accidental and pure brain damage?  Or is it just zero, just zero happening?  I think a lot of things have a cumulative effect.
  I think that's even like anything that you see  is like poison or you ingest something like,  I don't know that anything like completely makes you  like brain dead immediately.
  But if you're sucking fog out for like a couple months,  then I think I would be concerned.
  Is vape that much better than a fog machine?  I mean, fog is supposed to be non-toxic  because people are breathing it in.
  You're not supposed to have a high concentration of it,  but I don't know.
  It's at least like the idea is that you were meant to like  have it in your lungs and then not.
  Although it's probably not good for you, I would imagine.
  But yeah, I, you also, the brain cell count  is probably pretty low to begin with,  if it occurs to you to go suck some fog.
  Yeah.
  So where do you have to go from there?  That's a good point.
  But look, maybe look, we've all been on stage,  we've all been sweating a little bit,  and we're all trying to impress and make people laugh.
  And that's the same situation maybe with a Valencia teen.
  He's got some like people around him.
  He's trying to impress maybe some girl.
  He's trying to impress and he goes, you know what?  Oh man, I got nothing.
  These jokes haven't been hitting.
  Oh, I know what I'll do.
  I'll put my mouth around the fog machine,  suck it in and blow out a big plume.
  This is gonna bring the night back for me.
  You know, I think that might be what it is.
  It's possible that you're positing  that this was a goof done once  and not a habit that formed.
  The guy maybe didn't buy a fog machine.
  He doesn't have one at home.
  He's going broke, buying juice.
  Well, if they're vaping,  I mean, they could also be at this point  because a lot of fog, usually there's a slight,  when we would use it in like high school theater and stuff,  there was a shared fog machine  between the middle school and high school  theater departments.
  And I think it was pina colada flavor  to like cut down on the, you know,  to make it not unpleasant as it like, you know,  they usually use it too much in an auditorium.
  So they could just be like used to flavored vapes and stuff,  although those are harder to get ahold of nowadays.
  Yeah, so it's possible.
  I mean, anything's possible.
  I mean, yeah, is there gonna be a nationwide epidemic  of kids hooked on the juice, as they call it?  We haven't seen any evidence of it yet,  but I'm not ruling it out as far as what could come down  the pike next as far as problems for the world to deal with.
  I have to think the popularity of vaping  is probably a new level of disgusting  for college dorm buildings.
  Like college dorm buildings, famously,  don't smell good to begin with, usually.
  If you're adding like wet candy store smell,  like, oh man, that's gonna be, that's fucked.
  Yeah, no, that's no good.
  Yeah.
  So you saw, Scott, the fog machines were not on yet.
  It was not Fright Fest.
  Not on, I just saw one.
  Yeah, and it's just like loose wire  just like plugged into some plug.
  This is another big, like, I'm sort of looking  in the margins in my Six Flags experience,  especially because I'm not going on roller coasters,  the main reason that you go.
  So my eye is drifting to a lot of stuff like this.
  A lot of stuff like that, like just open outlets,  just like weird, like goo and filth kind of overflowing  on like pipes.
  And one day I like,  there's that steampunk district around there  where there's a, we were going like,  the theming is a little light for them having announced  that this is a steampunk district.
  And then we did see a big golden pipe situation.
  And then I was like, okay, there you go.
  There's something.
  Wait a minute, I think this pipe was probably just there  undressed for many decades.
  And then like, all right, throw some gold on it.
  Now it's part of the, now it's a, now it's steampunk.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  When you say goo, do you have any photos of sort of like goo  that's been surrounding pipes,  or was it just sort of every pipe had something?  There's one, I'll see, I'll pull up slowly  and see if it translates.
  The one that I was the most aware of  was right at the top of the flume ride, which I did go on.
  I went on the ride Jetstream, which I enjoyed very much.
  It is a flume ride.
  It is not a log flume.
  It's kind of these sporty little,  they almost look like little boats.
  And it almost reminds me of the Autopia a little bit.
  It's just those like nice basic colors.
  It's bright blue, bright red.
  It's a sporty little ride.
  We went on it twice in a row, had a really fun time.
  It's also kind of like if you took a water slide  and just put a ride vehicle in it.
  Like it doesn't feel merry.
  It feels like an Olympic bobsled situation as well.
  And you're just like clanging and clanging down the thing.
  And it's like fun, but like unthemed pretty much.
  And the danger element, it feels a little strong  because you're up at the top of the drop  and there's some wheel gear kind of mechanism  that's making something about the ride happen.
  And there's just like thick black tar  smeared onto the thing.
  Like absolutely I could touch it  and absolutely I could touch it  and get my fingers sucked into  whatever this gear mechanism is.
  It's right there.
  It's not even like if I reached a bit.
  I don't have to extend my arm out all the way  to have my hands caked in tar  as if like a brick layer was slathering it down.
  And my fingers could have been torn off very readily.
  And the only person who might've said,  hey, don't do that was a really pissed off Valencia teen  under an umbrella staring at her phone the entire time.
  Like did not look up at us for any reason.
  It was again, my first experience with the Valencia teens  and I'm very charmed.
  It was nice to meet them.
  Yeah, I'm glad you did.
  Yeah, so I mean, what's great about Six Flags  is we found so many things and we did not see the tar.
  We actually didn't even go on that ride you're talking about  and I'll have to go on,  which is I think I might be going back soon.
  But it sounds like your discovery with Six Flags  was there's a lot of different substances bubbling  and boiling and just hanging out, I guess,  all over the place.
  Like a witch's brew.
  And you've got a lot of time to observe them  because you're walking so much at that park.
  There's a very spread out campus.
  Extremely, I mean, anything can be,  but it reminded us a lot of the LA Zoo  in that you're doing like a big loop up into the hills  and with not really a good sense of direction  and walking through large areas that are pretty much unthemed,  they're pretty much just trees.
  Yeah, I understood what you were saying in Fright Fest  for like the amount of steps you had by the end.
  And like the, you don't really know,  not that you have to learn what Disneyland is  and why it's spokes of a wheel in Adventureland's here  and Frontierland's here.
  Not that there's gonna be any weight in it,  but like there's nothing really indicating  why Ninja would be here and why Hot Rod Customs,  what is it, what's Ghost Racers?  Because also, like as we said before,  like, oh, we wanna go to the,  Anthony Gio and I wanna go to the Justice League  and we go, oh, that must be in the DC area.
  It isn't, that's not where it is.
  It's kind of adjacent.
  It's not so far, but it's not.
  Yeah, not so far.
  Next to all the DC rides like you would assume it was.
  Yeah, yeah, right.
  So yeah, no, it's a little bit haphazard.
  It's a bit haphazard.
  Let me share my eye photos here and I'll show you the,  I don't know if it reads so much,  but here's just like a pipe thing  with a bunch of like just rusted out black.
  Just black muck and leaves caked into it  and it's dripping.
  The video might not read.
  I'll just kind of step you through it  instead of playing it, but here's a video I took  that says we're outside a, this is a,  that black goo I just showed you  was next to a food establishment, first of all.
  Okay.
  And then when I walked up to the food establishment,  it says, try our new maxed out barbecue pulled pork  mac and cheese.
  I might, I don't know how well you could see this.
  Does that even read to you as pulled pork mac and cheese?  I would not know what it looks like.
  That looks like two garlic knots next to pico de gallo.
  It looks completely like a pile of pico de gallo,  maybe over some egg whites.
  Like pico is the overwhelming topping,  the facet of this dish that you get.
  I don't see pulled pork, I don't see mac and cheese.
  What I do see when I go down below  is a bunch of bees surrounding the trash can  right under the sign.
  Then I zoom over to a sign that says,  that's just a hand scrawled kind of poorly  and the sign says out of power raid.
  The official drink of Valencia, California.
  Which I went to my friend to make fun of the sign.
  And I was about to say, hey, there's this funny sign.
  And then I heard an annoyed girl next to me say,  damn, they're out of power raid.
  Legit furious about it.
  Then I walk over here to a barbecue  where you can just touch all the knobs  and reach your hand into it,  like open shelf and just pull out their dirty brush.
  You could use the barbecue at Six Flags if you wanted.
  You got to see the dirty brush.
  I saw the famous Six Flags dirty brush.
  And yeah, Mike, I think if you brought meats,  I don't think that they're really screening for like,  if you brought in just like kind of a Ziploc  of like marinated meats,  I think you probably could throw it on.
  Again, hot enough there that it might just marinate itself.
  You don't even need to turn on the gas,  but probably you could just turn on the gas  and you got a brush right there.
  And I don't think anyone would catch you for,  if you did it all in like 20 minutes flat,  I think you're probably fine.
  Oh man, Jason, we got to do this.
  We have tickets.
  We have to bring some meat into Six Flags  and cook ourselves meat on their grill.
  Oh man.
  See, that's normally a very appealing spot  when they're working it,  because it's like a good marketing trick.
  Yeah, of course.
  It's like the fajita effect they say at Chili's.
  Like if people smell,  I can see smoked meats cooking.
  It draws them in,  but like there's nothing less appealing  than an empty, rusted, out, dirty grill.
  Dusty barbecue.
  Like you need that brush.
  You got a lot of, you got to account,  in that 20 minutes I described,  like 10 minutes of it is cleaning.
  If we smuggle a ribeye into Six Flags Magic Mountain  and cook the ribeye and then eat it,  how long does it take a ribeye to take?  Does that take too long?  I think you're, yeah, I think you're,  I think the most efficient would be some skirt steak,  like Samaria steak, skirt steak.
  If you cut it real thin, that'll cook real quick.
  Anything thicker than that.
  Yeah, you don't want to cook a filet that's too thick.
  I mean, even if you want it rare,  you still got to sear it a little.
  Right, well, you know what I think we could probably  at least do hot dogs,  because hot dogs are already cooked.
  So you could grab them kind of whenever.
  You're just trying to get a sear on it.
  We're just trying for the bit to be able to say  that we cooked hot dogs in an abandoned grill  in the middle of Six Flags.
  I got to say, I also, I don't know,  this trend of pulled pork, mac and cheese.
  I love both pulled pork and mac and cheese.
  I don't see the appeal of just dumping one  on top of the other.
  I guess easy to make in big quantities and shove in a bowl.
  Did you have any of those tasting events?  I had two different types of macaroni and cheese,  one being, I think, pulled pork or some variety,  something like it.
  And it was at the end of the night  when we had already, Natz is very nice and generous with us  and gave us each six items to have,  anything we wanted in the park.
  So I, at the end of the night, was like,  oh God, I have two more left.
  One bowl of regular mac and cheese  and one bowl of mac and cheese with pulled pork, please.
  Wow.
  And then like, yeah, like the sad eating.
  I mean, it was actually good,  but it was like, just like trying to not waste.
  That's because I loved it.
  I really liked, I wanted,  I agree conceptually with what you're saying, Jason,  but oh my God, it was like,  I was like desiring it the next time I went back.
  If it's, if it's the executions of both are good.
  I also, Mike, I believe I was next to you  eating a plate of funnel cake and a fun bun.
  Which is like a- You were not next to me.
  You were within 25 feet of me eating a fun bun  and a funnel cake at the same time.
  Well, they're shutting down the park.
  We're closing it out.
  We were trying to get, did you take it home?  Was it even possible to take that home?  I know I dumped it in the parking lot.
  I was like eating it on the way out.
  I think it, yeah.
  I think at that point it was, yeah.
  I was next to my car away from everyone.
  I think outdoor masks were still in effect,  but like it was in the parking lot,  20 feet away from everyone saying good night,  eating a congealing funneled cake.
  Yeah.
  Good times.
  Race against time.
  Glory days.
  So yeah, that odd restaurant encounter.
  I also think you wouldn't get caught making food  because like we, towards the end of it,  we went and like, there was this little,  there's this theater that's where they do  a little Bugs Bunny like mascot shows  that's kind of enveloped in giant carrots.
  I don't know what it's actually called.
  We called it the Carrot Coliseum.
  And the only thing stopping you from going in there  was a very thin, low chain.
  And I just said,  you want to go sit in the carrot theater for a while?  I don't think anyone would stop us.
  I didn't want to like do anything bad there.
  I just wanted to see like what would happen.
  And it was shaded there too.
  So we just went and talked and had a sit  in the carrot theater and we're there for, you know,  10, 15 minutes and then got up.
  And as soon as we got up,  then we're already like starting to walk away from it.
  And then we hear a tinny distant voice say,  please do not turn the car there.
  Thank you.
  That was the only repercussion for this.
  Was it a loud speaker?  A quiet speaker.
  Okay.
  I would say it was,  I had a test of our hearing that we even heard it.
  I don't even know.
  I don't know what the move was here.
  Was it like,  was somebody operating a nearby teacup ride?  Like, all right, you have the nearest.
  Can I just like jump on this thing for a sec?  Maybe these assholes will hear it.
  It, we barely did.
  I only like,  if I hadn't heard the word carrot,  I don't think it would have registered  as being directed at us.
  So anyways, yeah, look,  having a good time, enjoyed Jetstream,  roaring rapids we went on.
  We did a rapid ride, which is,  have you guys done the rapid ride there?  No, I have.
  Yeah.
  Jason's done it.
  My feeling was, again, it's pretty unthemed,  but you know, like Grizzly River Rapids.
  So this is part of the course.
  And it's, you know how most rapid rides,  you kind of hit a point where like,  all right, now we're cruising.
  Ooh, here we go.
  And we've been rolling for a while.
  This ride just felt to me like,  all right, one rapid.
  Then you kind of like bump into something hard,  get your bearings.
  All right, number two and three  is a very like stop and start kind of,  like there was never just like,  all right, here's the run.
  Now it's, now we're like,  now we're really cruising down this river.
  Yeah, now we're feeling free.
  Yeah.
  So also I got like,  drained, like only me.
  Like some, you feel like with Disney,  there's like controls kind of like,  there's all right, we can design this  to where kind of everybody gets it equally.
  This was like entirely me,  which I was a little better about.
  But anyways, it's like,  it's a pretty fun day even though we're noticing  the stuff in the margins.
  Yes.
  Yes, yes.
  If we can overlook the goose,  we're having a pretty good time.
  Then we're like, all right, well,  I think now it's time to make it to Justice League.
  You know, if this thing is a little hokey,  I think a beer would be great.
  And maybe a beer will give me the bravery  ultimately to do Batman the ride,  which is the one I was kind of hoping to conquer.
  We get in a beer line,  just like the longest and not moving remotely.
  We can tell that's gonna be 45 minutes.
  There's one bartender, he is moving as slow  as I've ever seen a human being move.
  Just like each step takes a full 40 seconds.
  And so, all right, well, screw this.
  Let's see if we can find somewhere else.
  We keep looking up, but we cannot find  anywhere else to get alcoholic beverage anywhere else.
  Now we're just wandering, trying to figure it out.
  We had that full throttle bar, Mike, that you referenced.
  I think we were over there.
  That's closed though.
  So much of the park is closed.
  It's very, like a lot of it's closed.
  Desolation is what the phrase that kept occurring  to us in various points of the journey.
  So like, all right, you know what?  Screw this, screw the beer thing.
  Let's go find Hall of Justice and just do the ride normally.
  That'll be fine.
  So we walk up to the Hall of Justice.
  And the first thing that we notice  is the sign that says closed.
  The ride was closed.
  Oh yeah.
  The reason for both of us going on a non-coaster visit.
  And by then I'd announced,  let's do, we're gonna do a podcast about it too.
  Closed, not happening, closed refurbishment.
  So, like, huh, shit.
  We go into the nearby Justice League store,  which is not closed.
  And we wonder if those teens can fill us in  on anything that's going on.
  Maybe it's just for the day, I'm not sure.
  We go ask them what's going on with Justice League ride  and their responses.
  I don't know.
  It's been closed for like three days.
  Yeah, I don't know what's wrong with it.
  Okay, bye.
  Then later in the day,  we make our way over to the guest services,  which is at the front.
  And apparently this is the only way you could have known  that the ride was closed,  is a very little sign inside this guest services building.
  It was there, that's closed.
  Tatsu is closed.
  Those are two pretty big heavy hitters to lose  for no apparent reason.
  But I looked online and when I looked online,  I learned that Magic Mountain does not have a part  of the site that tells you if things are closed.
  This does not exist for them.
  Yeah, I was up there once a couple years ago,  early in the day, and it was like 11 a.
m.
  and I'm like, oh man, a lot of stuff is closed.
  I saw more people with hoses just hosing sidewalks down  that I saw big rides operating.
  And I'm like, it's almost noon.
  What is going on?  And eventually I was walking,  later on when I was walking to my car,  I saw more stuff running.
  Well, it's just a bunch of,  you know, one of those days  where half the ride operators were late to work.
  Yeah, and when I was there,  everyone was wearing helpful Honda days,  a marketing promotion in Southern California.
  Everyone was wearing Polos that said, help Honda days.
  And I was like, I don't know how helpful this is.
  Well, granted, there had just been an earthquake  a few days prior and I did read that they had to check  some of the structural integrity for a day or two,  but it still seemed like a lot  and yet no signage about what was going on.
  Sure.
  Yeah, well, yeah, I mean, maybe it was something,  maybe there was something at that earthquake level  that caused Justice League to be closed  or it was that Jessica didn't come in that day.
  She's got the keys to the ride.
  She has the key.
  Lex Luthor's secret weapon, Jessica.
  Jessica has spoils.
  I don't care for your approach to a maniacal crime,  Joker and Harley Quinn, nor your tardiness, Jessica,  but you'll help distract the Justice League.
  In this case, your lack of attention to your work  proved a boon for my.
  This is going to reflect poorly on our corporate sponsors  at Honda Southern California Honda dealers.
  No, Honda is very helpful because they, you know,  we said there's a lot of walking around Six Flags,  but they do provide the helpful Honda Tram,  which is an angels flight type vehicle that takes you up,  you know, one of the steeper  to the woods to walk it.
  So that's great.
  Also closed, closed, not even didn't even register  on the closed sign.
  That is how much nobody cares if the helpful Honda thing  is open or closed.
  There is also when we went on Ninja, Ninja's weird.
  There's like a lift hill at the beginning to get you going on it  and then a lift hill at the end to get you back to the station.
  Not a lift hill to take you to more ride or more fun.
  It is a we are done lift hill.
  And when you're on that, you go past like what looks completely  like an empty tram station.
  Like, was this a train or was there even like a  carousel in here? I'm not sure.
  And then you're down on the ground and it's completely visible.
  You can walk right up to the fence of it.
  You just can't go in it.
  So like this, like, you know, what used to be a train station or something.
  I looked it up.
  What is now the Ninja loading station was once the top station  for a similar thing, an angels flight type.
  I forget the term.
  A funicular.
 A funicular.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
  Cool word.
  It but a similar thing like so the Ninja station became  that I was a train station, became the ninja station.
  The bottom one has been closed since 1981.
  Just in the park, unlabeled.
  You could see it on a ride.
  You could see it if you walk up to it.
  Forty years of closure.
  And the park has only been open since 1971.
  So for 80 percent of the existence of Magic Mountain, which we it's changed  ownerships, but the one thing that has never changed is this one train station  that they've never they would even like turn it into a picnic area.
  Just nothing.
  How about the observation tower sort of thing?  Were you able to get in that?  Didn't try that.
  That doesn't sound great in COVID times in terms of like that's true.
  So I'm not sure.
  And I don't I don't know if it was if it was running detail.
  I forgot earlier.
  So we go up to the guest service counter and just with no particular plan.
  We're just like, well, if we kind of like let's just see if they can tell us  what's going on with Justice League and will it be open anytime soon?  Or would they even give us something a little nice to make it up to us?  Or reason for our visit?  And we go in there and it is two girls on their phones who do not look up at us.
  We say out loud, oh, so what's going on with Justice League?  Justice League, Justice League's closed.
  And they just go like, yeah.
  Glare until we leave, which we do.
  Jessica's most devious henchwoman.
  They must be in cahoots.
  The they don't.
  They have that secret power is not giving a shit at all.
  This fog is powerful, but  weed smoke makes you impenetrable to caring about anything.
 Yes.
  So, yeah, just it was a mean guest service and an inexplicably closed ride.
  And with that, I kick it to you guys because I haven't been on this ride.
  Oh, man.
 All right.
  And it occurred to me like, well, like there's a part of me that's,  you know, like, well, this this ruins the episode.
  Now we cannot possibly do that just as we're going to have to reschedule.
  I'm going to have to come back.
  And then I think two things.
  What? No, that's pretty par for the Six Flags course.
  Probably.
 I think we leave it in.
  I think that's my report is that it was closed.
  The other thing that occurs to me is I don't want to come back to Magic Mountain.
  And we both drove out of here just like just drained it really like.
  And again, I'll we'll move it over to the ride.
  But just the other thing, this is where it really hit us, is that like, OK,  well, that's closed and we can't find a beer that isn't a hassle.
  So now we're just walking around.
  We'll rock around this store.
  That's called like the Looney Tunes  superstore.
 I don't know.
  But it is like  it is so sunfaded and the pain is cracking off of the thing.
  There's a sign that is so sun bleached that Bugs Bunny is only eyes and a mouth.
  Like every other.
 He was gray.
  He was like close to tipping  like the billboard of Dr.
  T.
J.
 Ecclesburg from the Great Gatsby.
  That's God.
 That's an allegory for God.
  He's watching the sins of man occur in Valencia.
  Oh, man.
 Now the watchful eyes of.
  But did you see Mrs.
 Taz anywhere, Scott?  Oh, yeah.
 Wait, I got I got a big.
  Yeah, because Mrs.
 Taz is right at the right at the entrance.
  I got a I got a lovely picture of Mrs.
 Taz  through some glass.
  Oh, yeah.
 There she is.
  Oh, man.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  She's great.
 I love her.
  She's right at the cross side.
  A little the mouth kind of lean in one way, a big red lipstick.
  Loved that.
  But just this store like, you know, we looked up on the  like there's there's big like pillars or something that are supposed  to look like palm trees and there's just like white tape all over them.
  And then there's a weird statue of the loony tunes.
  And it looks like two things here.
  It looks to me like Foghorn Leghorn is trying to strangle you.
  He's like walking up like he's part zombified, like must grab neck.
  Also looks like  the Elmer Fudd is about to shoot like execute Tweety Bird in the back of his head.
  It's like grab Tweety by the scruff.
 Yeah.
  That's right.
 You'll forget it.
  It won't be painful this way.
  That's right, Lenny.
 That's right.
 The rabbits.
  You know, Pat the rabbit.
  And then there's a there's a  Daffy Duck with just like a big like iron.
  What do you even call it?  It's just like a big iron chain around his scratch.
  And it's not an ankle bracelet, but it's like a sobriety ankle bracelet.
  I know.
 But he is just like tethered to the ground with metal.
  And Daffy Duck has been entrapped by the one of the mischievous,  mischievous, devious traps of Jigsaw, the famous killer.
  You know, if they tighten it, the half of his foot would just come clean off.
  Around this time, we were saying how this store  and a lot of parts of the park, it's like a any any target,  any target that you can go to is nicer, cleaner.
  I trust the food more, the better themed.
  I would say we like we carpal, we parked close to there  in a little boring strip mall with a Marshalls and a Ross and a five below.
  And we were like that strip mall was like a better  themed experience than six foot, like almost any low any your mall.
  You the listener, your mall, I think is nicer and cleaner than it's like some  this thing that people travel to and through,  you know, daily, but by the thousands is like worse than any Marshalls.
  I truly do believe this.
  Well, Anthony Geo coined a phrase that I think a lot of the listeners know.
  And I think Scott might have to amend his version of the phrase  because of course, Anthony's phrase was six flags sucks and I love it.
  And I have to agree  because it does seem what you're saying, like there was just like loose tape  on and what was that even I was looking at, like a piece of green, like  seem like an indoor palm tree, very like,  eerie fluorescent room that had signs that say Tasmanian Devil above nothing  but DC capes.
  Yeah.
 And I don't think and I was trying to analyze this to him.
  Like, are we being elitist by this?  And it's like Six Flags is like the third major.
  I mean, what is Cedar Fair bigger than Six Flags?  Like this isn't like a local park we're clowning on because we think they're  like the budget for the ride is bad.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, we're not going like Kenobi Lake.
  You're in our crosshairs.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  She shouldn't have even tried.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We're charmed by places we're charmed, I think, by lower budgets often.
  But what is really the excuse?  Is it a lower budget or into this?  We have to look into this and really figure out if like they're truly like  hurting for money or just management for so long.
  It's just been so badly managed that are you saying that the Time Warner  Company might not be good at attention to detail?  The people who launched HBO Max,  it took six extra months to get it onto Roku, the most popular streaming  service device in the country.
  Is it time? Isn't it not Time Warner anymore?  Well, that discovery merger still has to get approved.
  No, I'm saying doesn't six six time.
  Warner doesn't own Six Flags anymore, right?  Isn't it? I'm not sure.
  Did it change? It's changed hands so many times.
  I think it's I think it has changed hands somewhat, or I may just be very confused  because it changes hands every few months, I feel like.
  OK, so I was looking this up and Six Flags is not owned by Time Warner.
  Time Warner sold it in 1998.
  Oh, and they've changed the name.
  It was bought.
  The company was later rebranded Premier.
  It was Premier Parks.
  So Premier Parks bought it.
  But then they've changed their name, their name to Six Flags.
  And then they filed for bankruptcy in 2010, it looks like.
  Or to the Snyder era.
  Yeah, we know where they were having trouble then.
  So, yeah, if you want to listen back, we did a Patreon exclusive episode  about the time when Six Flags decided to start their own business  where they cut kids hair in the mall.
  And that's not a joke.
  That's real.
  And go to our Patreon to listen to that.
  You just said you were just reading in a very dry manner how like,  oh, and then there was kind of disagreements about the direction of the company,  which now that looks very boring on paper.
 Right.
  Disagreement was some people think they should focus on roller coasters.
  Others thought they should focus on giving children  haircuts while they watch videos of roller coasters.
  That's right.
  These flags is what's so you think it's Premier Parks.
  Nobody wants to admit they own it.
  It's Premier Parks.
  And there was almost a merger with Cedar Point.
  There was that with Cedar Fair.
  Excuse me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And so they've yeah, they've re Premier has rebranded to call themselves  like Six Flags Inc.
 or something or six whatever.
  Well, we should do a real deep dive on this because I bet there's a lot of fascinating  stuff here.
 But by and large, what my point was just like,  they have the money to take the tape off of things.
  Like, I'm just saying, like, we're not being like, Stoody, like, oh, we wouldn't.
  We don't like a ride unless it has a budget of over 50 million.
  Like, we're not like that.
  Yes.
 A charm.
  Oh, like, here's a here's a funny janky ride with like,  you know, like an odd little skeleton puppet or whatever.
  We're probably going to like that.
  We're probably going to be charmed by the, you know, as evidenced by nots,  like nots is, you know, it certainly has a lot of money, but there's like,  there's just the spirit there.
  Here you just have like,  you know, like you if you want to be an ultimate, like spend all the most money  you can within the Six Flags organization, you can be a diamond elite member.
  There's nothing to me like seeing the word diamond in pixelated.
  Like it's in low res.
  This was printed out huge.
  Like it looks like this is what I don't understand.
  Like we charmingly cheap attractions.
  So this has been here since the 40s and it's never changed.
  That's one thing.
  A sign that they printed a year ago that with where they just didn't  like do it right, it can't goes that I that I don't get.
  I don't know.
 There's no charm to it.
  I'm confused.
 I don't know why it has to be that way.
  And also the pizza in this photo looks horrible.
  Yeah, it's this is a whole first of all, when you showed us that first picture,  it looks like like that, like when you get handed like cards for escorts  on the sunset or on the strip and those cards around in your face,  you're like, I don't please know.
  But yeah, I don't there's.
  Yeah, this this is a diamond elite tonight.
  This could be a diamond elite member.
  You'd be a diamond elite.
  Hey, you guys, hey, you guys want to be a diamond elite?  You guys want to be a diamond elite?  I have a limo waiting for you over here if you want to be a diamond elite.
  This diamond elite, by the way, is this where you get to you  at like a free three course meal every day?  If you get it, I'm reading it now.
  Well, no, you got to add on member dining.
  I sorry.
 And I was confused.
  You still have to.
 Oh, my God.
  But you can get I think it's you can get 50 percent off if you are diamond elite.
  I think it's like I think it's like 80 bucks.
  I think one year we should do it or at least Jason should do it.
  And see like Jason just drives up to Valencia to get all of his meals for a year.
  Just eat like, yeah, he'd a list of Syria burger.
  That's your kitchen now.
  Look at the 50 percent savings on too many spaces.
  Almost everything in the park and in the middle of the word,  everything is just like a screw right in the word.
  I like that.
 This is what I don't.
  This is what I don't get.
  And it makes me all just a segue to the ride.
  It makes me I was I having done half of my day  and by that, I mean an hour and a half of my three hour day.
  I was wondering, like, OK, so how did they how would be this level of detail?  How does this place pull off a dark?  How do they pull off their attempt at a Buzz Lightyear's astro blasters  or a Spider-Man?  Honestly, like that's kind of what they're trying to do.
  How does this organization that has screws in the middle of pixelated words  and black tar blowing from everything?  What how how is this right?  And I have to leave it to you guys to tell me.
  Well, of course, my experience with the ride is that the the Valencia team  who was working there didn't give me the three glasses.
  So I rode the ride not getting to experience the three D,  which I thought was good for this.
  Jason is the only one who's actually read  ridden the ride in the correct manner in the correct way.
  Yeah, I think I've written it twice and didn't really have any trouble.
  They went as it was supposed to, you know.
  You are Mr.
 Lucky Guy.
  I'm Mr.
 Lucky Guy.
  Yeah, I got to see  all my favorite characters rendered in CG animation.
  Yeah, I did get to hear.
  I so one thing I'll say about this ride, I think it's elevated  by over some of the Batman attractions we did by the sheer presence  of the voice of Kevin Conroy,  the voice of Batman and the Batman animated series  and a number of video games and other attractions.
  He's on some of those rides we were we were watching, I think.
  Yeah, he is.
  But then some of them are a little more generic.
  The Joker is not Mark Hamill.
  I looked that up.
 Right.
  It sounds like Mark Hamill, but it's a guy style.
  It's that style.
  It's a guy named I think it's Troy Baker.
  I have it here in my note somewhere.
  Yeah, Troy Baker.
  And he he's done the Joker's voice on some,  you know, direct to video, direct to streaming movies.
  And I think he does a pretty good job.
  Yes, I agree.
 I mean, it's a pretty good Joker.
  The actual execution of this ride, there's little things  I can tease them about here and there.
  But I think overall, I do like it.
  Overall, I think it's and it's probably because the contract,  like the companies that they hired to do this, Sally Corporation  and Oceaneering Entertainment Systems, like have done a lot of theme park work.
  Like these are not like new companies.
  Oceaneering Entertainment Systems are the ones who saved the Jaws ride.
  They were the second group to work on the Jaws ride in Orlando.
  Like after all the troubles they had, it opened.
  Right.
 Because they dealt with underwater mechanics.
  Right.
 Not theme park rides initially.
  And now they've then they made the shift into having a theme park division.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, also, let me say just to praise it,  that just the mere fact that it is the Hall of Justice,  the famous Super Friends base for the Justice League,  which now that I'm saying this, Jason, help me out here is the super  is the Hall of Justice is its first appearance in Super Friends,  the like kind of cheesy cartoon from the 70s.
  Oh, that's a good question.
  I actually guess I said that.
  I don't know.
  They've had a number of different headquarters.
  They had a satellite based one.
  They had a mountain in the 90s.
  You know, I love the Grant Morrison Watchtower  Justice League base that was on the moon.
  Yeah, there.
 Yeah, there's one on the moon.
  They were international in the early 90s, so they had like embassies.
  So they were all over the place.
  I'll look that up.
 First appearance of Hall of Justice.
  So just the mere fact that they have recreated something  that's pretty iconic, if you if you know about this stuff is awesome,  because that's like, again, next level six flags.
  It's not like there's any like kind of iconic Looney Tunes style building.
  And as I say that, maybe I'm wrong in any of the parks.
  The Carrot Coliseum, which I guess the Carrot Coliseum.
  But I mean, these rusty cages, they do.
  I guess there's not like a famous cliff  they could show you from like Wiley Coyote and Roadrunner.
  Different cliffs.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, so so just getting to be by the thing,  by the Hall of Justice is pretty awesome, because again, as much as we as there  was more Marvel representation in the parks and different parks around the world,  we're still lacking in, as we've said before, the X-Men's mansion.
  We're still lacking in the fantastic four building.
  It's not like there's just so much Marvel, like famous iconography  that we get to see in parks.
 There's not.
  So we have the Avengers L.
A.
 Live is what we have.
  We have we have the Avengers L.
A.
 Live.
 Yes.
  They they decided like, you know what we won't take from the comics.
  We won't take the thing where the Avengers live in a giant, weird  mansion in Central Park.
  Although I guess in the comics, eventually they are like living in Stark  Tower anyway, so they just they did pull that.
  But it's like, yeah, location.
  Sense of place is so much fun.
  And it's the kind of building where like maybe the third floor will be apartment.
  Second floor is Avengers headquarters, but maybe the bottom they lease out  to like Wolfgang Puck or, yeah, you know, maybe if Scottie Pippen's  doing a restaurant, you know, he could go down there.
  Sure.
 For the MTV Video Music Awards, Future will do his performance on the roof  and they'll be helicopters videotaping him.
 It'll be cool.
  It'll be cool.
 Yeah, look, it's glowy.
 It's cool.
  Yeah.
 I mean, look, it's the cameras are so good now.
  You'll be able to see all the bandages he's playing around with, you know.
  Yeah, I have an answer.
  The Hall of Justice first appeared in Super Friends.
  So that is correct.
 That is first appearance.
  So that's a that's it's got to be watched.
  You've seen Super Friends, I assume.
  Yeah, I mean, generally.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I'm not saying, oh, you got to watch Super Friends.
  It is what it is.
 If you saw one, you know what it is.
  But yeah, that is very but it's like the sillier.
  And yes, yeah, kind of thing.
  And that's the building they recreated, right?  Needs.
 Yes.
 Very fun that they went with that.
  That like I guess the I would the only thing I would probably do  the only thing I would prefer is like seeing like the I guess the 66  Wayne Manor, the Batman 60 Adam West Wayne Manor  or like Batcave recreated in of like a fun because it's a fun choice.
  I they used they used different versions of the Hall of Justice later  and like more serious stories and stuff.
 But yeah.
  That Batcave is kind of just, you know, that cave, that Bronson.
  It's kind of just when the bat when the Batmobile drives,  it's just sort of like goes through like two big leaves.
  But yeah, basically, there's kind of is no  there were they went a little lo fi with the Batcave.
  The Batcave exterior, that is.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  If you're if you don't know what we're talking about, if you're in Los Angeles,  there's a neighborhood in Hollywood where you keep just driving up the hill  and eventually you can get to the the Batcave.
  Mm hmm.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, which is very fun.
  And if you like that, do it.
  So so that immediately gets you puts you in the mood.
  It's not fully themed around.
  There's still like stuff.
  And I think we talked about in the episode, there's like Tweety Bird  on the loudspeaker outside of of the of the Hall of Justice.
  So it's not perfectly themed.
  There's sound bleed from other things.
  But again, six flags.
  You're like, well, that's cool.
 This is great.
  This is going to be cool because this feels this feels different  than most of the other experiences.
  Well, I did like the outside.
  Yeah.
 So you got to appreciate that, Scott.
  I did.
 I did like that.
  And the store is great.
  I love that they're selling capes.
  They're trying to make capes happen.
  Yes, capes.
 They've been doing that for a while.
  And that does make a lot of sense.
  I will say, I wouldn't want you.
  If I had some kids, I would be like, put the capes on when we get home.
  Do not wear the capes on the roller coaster or the rides.
  You don't want to flip a thing that's flying behind you  while there's, you know, mechanics and gears.
  And you could get you on.
  You could get goo on the capes.
  You get goo on it.
  Incredible rules.
  It's like the Incredibles, you know, Edna mode, like no capes, no capes.
  You know, yes, yes, yes.
  The liability.
 I thought of that completely.
  Yes, this is a decapitation recipe waiting to happen.
 Yes.
  But I do like the capes in general.
  I will say, Sky, no, Scott, did you see all the Batman forever?  I cannot like the fonts and stuff on the games and then on the Revengers.
  Revenge.
 Did you pay attention to any of that?  Well, I didn't go too close to the Revengers.
 Revenge.
  Again, I didn't, you know, I worried that you would get on it  if by getting too close to it, I would just end up.
  I mean, that's what I thought when I was a kid,  because when the people mover would go into Space Mountain.
  Yeah, you like we're just going to the track will just switch.
  And now we're on Space Mountain.
 Right.
  So, yeah, there's some of that's some of that's lingering.
  I am, by the way, I'm disappointed I didn't.
  I think a beer would have gotten me on that.
  And I need that.
 I needed to fly.
  I think I need to fly like Batman.
 Yeah.
  Riddler's Revenge, I swear, I think you could have done fine.
  I really don't think it's that big of a deal.
  It's an odd way to stand on her.
  It's a standing coaster.
  And again, as we demonstrated on the other episode  when I sadly used ET to be the seat of the coaster,  it is a little odd getting into it.
  But once it's there, you're it's you've got your mommy harness.
  You feel very like locked into it.
  And it's it's not grip mommy.
  Yeah, you can grip mommy.
  And it's not much more intense than the thing we went on at Nats.
  Or, yeah, I think I think that I think next time soon, next time when you go,  I think we will you'll do Riddler's Revenge and.
  Well, some of those words don't resonate with me.
  Like soon.
  Next time.
  What if I added the modifier very too soon?  It's probably less or less appealing.
  OK, all right.
 I got an email the next day saying, hey, you can still  if you pay us 20 more dollars, you can get an annual pass.
  And I was like, no, delete.
  You should.
 I need those 20 dollars for anything.
  I should have when you went.
  Go ahead.
  Did you?  I was going to say, did you go before Labor Day or after before?  OK, so still kind of the summer season, kind of odd to have your big  only dark ride clothes.
  Yes.
 You're one of your only air conditioned experiences.
  Well, again, they look they told me they didn't know what was wrong with it.
  Can you as if it was like a horse that had diarrhea or something?  Well, I know what's wrong with us today.
  I know what's wrong with the horse.
  Horse can't get any I've remected.
  I don't stop.
  Tell you what's wrong with that goddamn horse.
  Nobody's thinking about these horses eating all the horse paste.
  Horses need that paste.
  That's yeah.
  Also, my under the table, I remectin sales like I was already bootlegging it.
  You know, like I can't get it to resell.
  It's tough times for everyone right now.
 Yeah.
  Your online horse paste business.
 Yeah.
  Jason's good old fashioned artisanal.
  I almost had them sponsoring the podcast and they were just like,  Oh, podcasting interesting.
  Like, oh, we should look into that.
  Jason Jason just sells a variety of pastes in general.
  All types of yeah, Jason sells.
  I was going to say, Scott Moose Moose paste,  Sparrow paste, all the paste.
  Scott, could you try negotiating with the email address,  the Six Flags email address, like where they say $20 for annual pass?  And you go, well, throw in dining and it's a deal.
  You think you could go back and forth with a high level?  No, maybe to see.
  Well, you want me to send that and see?  I love it.
 Yeah, right now.
 Yeah, please.
  All right.
 Well, then go ahead and you can describe more right details  and I'll begin this correspondence.
  Yeah, you can draft up like a legal, like a counteroffer.
  Yeah, I might keep it real brief.
  How about 10? Yeah.
  How about 10 is funny, too?  So yeah, so so  thing we should say about just league is everyone appears to be a little bit  different.
  Not appears to be is everything's like a little bit laid out differently.
  The one at Magic Mountain,  you go into a big and again, listen to the podcast, the right episode  about Fright Fest, you go into like kind of a big empty ish feeling room.
  And then you go into another room that also feels empty.
  But the cyborg animatronic is in there.
  And he then explains to you sort of what the narrative of the ride is.
  And like I saw the Six Flags Great America one,  the animatronic is more by the loading area for the cars.
  It's in the same room as that one.
  So they're all different.
 They're all a little different.
  They all got different quirks and personality.
  Yeah, the  the Magic Mountain one is notable.
  The most recent one, the Magic Mountain one,  notable for having a slightly different ending than a lot of the others.
  And it adds in Harley Quinn, right, which might have been a thing,  you know, an agreement with the municipalities of Valencia and Santa  Clarita, because Harley Quinn is in the official city stamp.
  So, you know, that might have been 60 percent of our residents.
  This is an area where Harley Quinn is too popular, very popular.
  The other thing I don't think we've said about the ride,  this is an award winning.
  This is a 2018 Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Attraction category.
  That is the themed entertainment awards, which are put on by the TEA,  the themed entertainment association.
  I officially can say now for a fact,  Thea is said, IAPA, the International Association of Amusement Parks, is said  TEA is spelled out.
  And so I've gotten roasted for that before.
  I think I've got to figure it out now.
  What a roast.
 What a roast.
  Yes.
 I made fun of you for regular wrinkles.
  So I think someone made fun of me for saying IAPA.
  And I was like, oh, I didn't immediately jump to IAPA.
  But I have now watched videos where people say IAPA.
  What a fool Jason was saying each letter of the acronym.
  A fool to the roast with him to the roast for me.
  So, yeah.
  And as I was saying, this ride made by the Sally Corporation.
  And you got to give it up for Sally Dark Rides just for the sheer  weirdness of the variety of rides they have made.
  They're good.
 I have a I have a proposition.
  I've been wanting to bring this up because I when they came up with  maybe one of those New Hampshire ones we talked about with Mookie,  I was just like, I never heard of this.
  I never heard of that.
  I think that we should do it.
  Maybe a second gate that is some kind of like Sally Dark Ride  potluck kind of a situation.
 Oh, yeah, that's good.
  We all pick one and teach the others about it because there's such odd,  idiosyncratic, weird, charming, janky  that involve IPs where you're like, that is a ride.
  Like, I think just to plant a flag in that here,  I think something with Sally would be fun.
  I think that's right.
 Yeah.
  Because in New Hampshire at Kenobi Lake Park, they did the Mine of Lost Souls.
  They they I think read did it actually.
  But don't quote me on that.
  But like, yeah, they've done a Scooby Doo kind of haunted ride.
  Then they did the copyright free Boo Blasters on Boo Hill  when they had to yank all the Scooby Doo stuff out of the Paramount Parks.
  They did Knights in White Satin, the trip, maybe the strangest dark ride  ever made based on the moody blues song that lasted less than a year.
  And it and then it was gutted and turned into the Mon Stars of Rock, which  I forgot there was a second version.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
  The one of the one of the theme park YouTube channels was just exploring  the Hard Rock Park, the abandoned Hard Rock Park campus.
  And the stuff they came across was bizarre.
  Architectural drawings, piles and piles of merchandise.
  Oh, yeah.
 The moody blues are here.
  Two of the moody.
 Yeah.
  Subsession, guys.
  We're not look, we're not done with Hard Rock Park.
  We'll get there to put a pin back in that, too, because we're sure.
  Yeah, great.
 Yeah.
  Been too long.
 I miss it.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, Sally, for sure.
  Like they've made such a variety of things.
  And the ride is I mean, I forget what even came out in 2018, but the ride,  I will say as much as we're goofing around, like the ride is cool.
  If I had my 3D glasses on, I think I would have thought, oh, that's a cool  solid Justice League ride where you get to this is what this is what  if it fulfills all the things I say.
  And sometimes I if I were griping about  Rise of the Resistance, it's like Rises is awesome.
  But like for that budget, like, why don't we have every Star Wars character in it?  Why don't I get an interaction with like every character from every  all nine movies or whatever in there?  And this one is like, yeah, you get the whole the Justice League's there.
  Joker's there.
 Harley's there.
 Lex Luthor.
  Like you get better than the rise of the resistance.
  I didn't say I like it better.
 No, no.
  Just like you're judging it on that.
  No, I'm saying it's like a stacked lineup.
  They even Superman, Supergirl, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern,  Cyborg, Batman.
 I'm saying it to see my friends.
  Is the thing you're right.
  It doesn't show you flash cards of of characters you recognize.
  OK, you should have.
  You got to go down to what my son did.
  The the the chain and Sea World with Cookie Monster and Elmo and Big Bird.
  You pointed them and then you leave.
 Right.
  Yeah, that's what rise the rise of the resistance.
  They spent all that money.
  It should have been a chain with flash.
  It's on it pictures of the characters I like.
  It should be Jar Jar.
 It should be Babu Frick.
  It should be, I don't know, Lando.
 All of them.
 Yeah.
  This lineup almost too powerful to be in this predicament.
  Yes, yes, you're right.
  Yes, it seems like you should have like a crazy mega threat.
  If you're if you're stacking this Justice League lineup,  that's what you're saying, right, Jason?  Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
  Yeah, because you have this version, the ones in America have  Lex Luthor and the Joker.
  The original impetus for this ride was they made a Sally made a ride  called Justice League Alien invasion 3D for Warner Brothers movie world  in Australia, and that when you fight Star of the Conqueror.
  Right.
 Recently featured in Suicide Squad.
  Yeah.
 Suicide Squad, although they make him look a little more  like a guy in the ride in Australia.
  Like he should just be a giant starfish, like hundreds of little starfish.
  Right.
 Which is a great.
  I'm a big Starro fan anyway.
 Go ahead.
 Yeah.
  Suicide on the Suicide Squad  No, that weird store with all the tape everywhere and Daffy in the chain.
  That is where you can go if you want to buy a big stand,  a life size stand of Adam Beach in Suicide Squad.
  Oh, OK.
 They have a name.
  All right.
 That's what do you know offhand the character?  Now I can't think of it.
  I have not seen this film.
  I know this person is he the one is he in both of them?  I have a I have a problem not not OK.
  Yeah.
 So if you want to buy, yeah, if you want to buy it,  they don't have like they don't have like Sina Peacemaker standee or anything.
  Only Slipknot.
  I think Slipknot is mostly cut out of the movie.
  I believe the first one to eat it.
  Slipknot, if I'm if I'm correct.
  Hmm.
 Huh?  That what? That's odd.
  Why would? Yeah.
  Only that.
 That's the only one.
  OK.
 I also know not Idris Elba.
  Is there any other is there any other piece of merch with an actor who played a character?  No.
 Otherwise, it's just a drawing of Harley Quinn drawing a bad man.
  But you can't buy Adam Beach specifically.
  What Idris Elba? No, Margot Robbie.
  That's very odd.
 No, no, no, no, no.
  Yeah.
 You should have asked somebody at the like, Oh, can I get an Idris Elba  standee? And I assume that would have said like the answer would have been no.
  If there if the phone was looked up from.
  Yeah, that's fair.
 And they would have been.
  Sorry, Jessica has doused her minions in a very  dank strain of indica, and they're going right into the couch  and they are not helping your ass.
  Oh, man, these henchmen.
  I think she could she could have tried to change the tide in this, right?  If she's if she's helping out Lex and  you choose a character, yeah, just to see even the all star line up doesn't stand a chance.
  I'll say about Lex, this is a pretty clear motive.
  This is, you know, kind of a evergreen DC  comic story of Lex Luthor thinks the real menace is the Justice League  and he can keep order if he's in charge.
  Like that is the starting point for the storyline of the ride.
  Yeah, and that's a classic.
  Yeah, Lex is jealousy generally is what fuels Lex.
  Most of the incarnations of Lex Luthor.
  And yeah, this seems to be a similar one where he says he's going to do it.
  But he's like, he's bad.
 You can't trust him.
  He's a bad guy.
 You can't trust him.
  No.
 And then he just is association with the Joker alone.
  You know, he's like not all the way there.
 Of course.
  Why would you ever, ever even being a bad guy, team up with a Joker?  Doesn't make any sense.
 He's chaotic.
  He's unpredictable.
 Any version of the Joker to Joaquin Joker.
  Yeah, he's a Romero Joker.
  All unpredictable.
 Not a good person to have on the team, in my opinion.
  No, no long in a team, really at all.
  Yes, that's true.
  No, not really.
  I mean, he's often in the Legion of Doom, but he's not a team player.
  The Injustice Gang, they call them sometimes.
  Yes.
  The Legion of Doom is like the collection of bad guys.
  And then Injustice Gang is also a collection of bad guys.
  That's the same similar.
  You can use them fairly interchangeably.
  And as I say that, some comic book guy is going to be very upset with me  because I'm just going to be once like Black Manta was never on  like Injustice Gang or something.
  They're going to be very upset.
  Black Manta being the Aquaman villain.
  So, yeah, I to recap.
  So so you get like this video here and you get to see Lex,  you get to see Superman.
  The CGI is pretty good.
  But as I said in the other episode, like it seems like nobody knows  what to do with their hands.
  They seem a little bit nervous on camera.
  Lex Luthor and Superman both seem like maybe this is their first time on camera.
  They should take an acting class, maybe an on camera class,  just to see sort of the quirks that human beings have  when they get in front of a camera.
  And we just bring me here up.
  Is that what you say? Frame?  Is that is that right?  It's the Ricky Bobby, where he's like his hands keep  like coming into frame when he's doing the interview to try to grab the microphone.
  It's basically the same thing.
  Oh, real quick, a little piece of tape.
  That's my spot.
 I should be on my spot.
  Is it called a spot? Is it called a spot?  Is it stage right and left in movies?  OK, I know you pan left and right and you tilt up and down.
  I do know that.
 Does that help?  A real real quick side note is when I took a commercial class,  I got on camera and the first thing is I said my name and then I yawned.
  And that was a bad thing to do  when you're taking a class to be an actor.
  So I sympathize with what I'm saying with the first time performers.
  Grab a podcast and we've all yawned.
  We can yawn over and over.
  Yeah, no, it'll stare at our phones like Valencia teens.
 Mm hmm.
  So, yeah, you get that just of what Jason was saying with Lex's plan.
  And then you go and then if it's Magic Mountain, you go into the next room.
  And that is where you see Cyborg, which is a cool animatronic.
  Yeah.
 And is like,  I guess what I like about this and I like about Cyborg is that  they're kind of doing cartoon like it's it's cartoonish.
  It's closer to like comic or like even like it's not fully like the Bruce  Tim animated style, but it is closer to the stuff that I have more affection  for it.
 And as much as I like any of the TV shows or movies,  I do like the comic look a lot other than if they were just fully going to make  a Batman 66 ride or a Batman Forever ride.
  God bless, let's do it.
  But if it's between this or more of a way like a way realistic  human depiction of all these characters, I go for more comic or cartoon  like like as Spider-Man in Orlando.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's this isn't the recent DC movies where like Superman is like  it's the end of a two hour movie and he's like snapping a dude's neck.
  And it's like, oh, OK, this is what we're doing.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'm I'm again, I've talked about this before  with the Snyder movies.
  I was very much like cranky about those Snyder movies because I was like,  oh, that's going to be so bleak.
  I have come fully around to Snyder verse.
  And I like the Snyder Justice League a lot and Cyborg specifically.
  He got done so dirty in that weed inversion.
  He has such a much better great story in the Justice Snyder verse.
  But they're not doing that.
  They're not doing and I will say this just like is not as bleak and dark  as those other movies that Batman Superman or Man of Steel.
  That's true.
 I think the longer Batman Superman is less bleak.
  I just remember watching Man of Steel going like, oh, what is this?  There's a cup of piss in the Batman versus Superman movie.
  There is a mischievous cup of pie.
  It's a prank.
 Someone drink it, Scott.
  Let me tell you, it's a prank on a senator.
  And that should answer all of your questions.
  Yep.
 Yeah.
 Covered, covered, covered.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I think the last few years have taught us that the  2010s odd morality play of like good people like Marvel and bad people like DC.
  Maybe there's bigger things to worry about in the world.
  The once in a lifetime pandemic kind of taught us that like, oh, yeah,  some of this doesn't really mean anything.
 Well, sure.
 Yeah.
  I mean, if it's like, oh, the Man of Steel doesn't have as many quips or something.
  I was like, OK, maybe maybe I shouldn't be so like upset  that I don't get like the exact version of Superman I want.
  But I do like Justice League.
 I think Justice League is good.
  I know you guys have not sat through the four hour saga, but I do recommend it.
  Even if you're surprised that I haven't done it since we talked about this before.
  I can provide that update.
  That's OK.
 You'll get you'll get to it.
  You'll get back to Six Flags.
 It'll all happen.
  Yeah.
 What a review.
  Less week.
 Less bleak.
  You know, bleak than other super last week than the other.
  Once you restart HBO Max a couple of times  and you'll be able to navigate to it when it stops freezing on you.
  But yeah, but yeah, no, I like the cartoon.
  You are like I think that's a good way to do an evergreen kind of version.
  Yes, for sure.
 Because, yeah, there are people who grew up with like  the Bruce Tim kind of Batman, Superman, Justice League and the  and then there's the kids who grew up with Teen Titans and Teen Titans.
  Go.
 Yeah.
 I mean, those were huge.
  So like, yeah, and I think it's  it's a it's a good lineup of characters.
  You see a lot of the big characters, some of the, you know, secondary characters.
  And yeah, yeah.
  And it feels like Spider.
  It feels like the Orlando Spider-Man, where it's like there's so many characters  you like and you're put into like the the comic book, like animated universe,  which is still like Spider-Man's the gold standard for this type of thing.
  Yeah, there's some like little nods to like more very niche stuff in the con.
  Like they mentioned Argus and Star Labs, like these like go to  sort of DC Universe references are kind of scattered throughout.
  But you don't really need to know them.
 Right.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  So there's yeah, there's stuff for like hardcore people.
  There's enough for like mom and dad who just like Superman or Batman or whatever.
  You know, the characters that are like mass like, you know,  Superman, Batman, Betty Boop, the three characters that like everybody sort of knows.
  Everyone knows.
 Yeah.
  If you can buy it on a tin lunchbox in a store that just says it sells,  quote unquote, gifts, and you're not quite sure how they stay in business.
  Everyone knows those characters.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Another thing about this ride,  I think that's unique to this specific dark ride,  is that it is scattered basically all over the country.
  It's in Texas and  Texas, outside of Chicago, outside of New York City.
  It's in Southern California.
  There's one in Mexico.
  Like this is the rare like dark ride where it's like you can pretty much hit it  in almost besides, I guess, the Pacific Northwest.
  You can hit it in a lot of places.
  Oh, yeah.
 Is it the most reproduced like it has to be right?  Dark ride.
 I mean, as far as I guess, there's aren't that many Disney's.
  Right.
 Exactly.
 So it feels like maybe that is maybe there's the most versions  of this specific ride.
  Yeah, especially if you count that alien invasion 3D.
  Huh? Yeah, that's interesting.
  So you can get you can get like a like a local the local version of it,  I guess it's like this is like a chain.
  You can exactly that's exactly where I was going.
  McDonald's is one kind of close to you.
  Right.
 And sometimes McDonald's will have a different menu item regionally.
  They're trying something different out.
  Or it's obviously it's a different building, different.
  It's not nonstandard McDonald's or something, depending on.
  As with this recent investigation that's going on, sometimes the McFlurry  machine is broken and sometimes the Justice League ride is closed.
  Yeah, let's get the FTC on this.
  Let's get the FTC.
  Are the other ones closed or the other Justice League's closed?  Oh, that's a good question.
  There should be a website like there is to see if the ice cream machine is broken  at a McDonald's.
  There should be a website that just says, is the Justice League ride broken at this  and you can put in the zip code and it'll tell you if it's working or not.
  But it doesn't say why that website for McDonald's doesn't say why the ice cream  machine is not working for a location.
 But yeah, so.
  Yeah, something is wrong.
  Something is wrong.
  You're going to get  now I'm in watching just videos of this.
  What does strike me about the ride is it's clearly going for Spider-Man,  the Islands of Adventure ride, and it's a bit like a little too  closely attacked, like so many of the beats of it.
  It feels very.
 Yes.
  And we end with a big chase where you're going through the city streets  and you're getting yanked, but you're grabbing onto this vehicle  or like Transformers, you go through the floor of a building or  as a truck gag is kind of like a jump scare.
  Yeah, there's a truck there.
  It's definitely a I guess you would call it a trope at this point  for like modern 3D rides because even and we haven't talked about it too much.
  But the not the not's  Berry Tales ride similarly has like a very fast moving  finale like that, where you're kind of going through things and you're falling.
  And it's like that it feels like now because of maybe because of Spider-Man,  like that has to be the end for a ride like this.
  Yeah, yeah, you're dropped.
  There are some that are so like there's a garbage  truck gag, as Scott was saying.
  And then you're dropped from a big height.
  And in this case, like Green Lantern makes like a track,  like a little race car stock car track for you to slow down,  like come to a stop instead of like Spider-Man webbing.
  Yeah, you there's some turns.
  I watched a making a video that Sally put out and they're like,  yeah, we try to add it like some corkscrew or almost like upside down effects,  which are it's like the Six Flags brand because it's so roller coaster heavy.
  Sure.
 So yeah, I think I think there's a good amount of variety.
  It's yeah, the movement, the range of movement in the car  certainly evokes the Spider-Man ride.
  But then there's like men in black Buzz Lightyear kind of shooting  elements to it as well.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Is it chaos when you're that it's 3D and there's Spider-Man kind of stuff  because Spider-Man and Transformers are not shooting rides.
  So having the shooting component make it all kind of too much.
  Too confusing.
 Yes, I think it's I I am  and I'm not always anti interactivity because like Toy Story made with many.
  I think is great.
 I think that's perfect.
  Even Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters, I think is really good.
  But I do and I've said this before, and maybe I said I'm in a black  sometimes, especially in a thing like Justice League and I in the same way  with the knots with with fairy tales, it's like it would just be maybe better  if we didn't have to do two things at once.
  Like like you have to like aim and shoot, but then also just take in  an insane amount of information that's being thrown at you with 3D  because like a superhero battle, there's a lot of stuff going on.
  So it's like, what would be better you having to make sure to like shoot at  little like drone bad guys or pies on the knots thing  or just having like, again, intimate interactions  like on Spider-Man with the villains, the villains pop onto the car.
  You get right in their face and then the people leave the ride and they go,  Oh, I was like nose to nose with Doc Ock.
  Like that's sort of more of what I as a as a rider  of these rides want.
 I want to get you know, is to like close enough to like,  I you know, I could have kissed him, but the mood wasn't right.
 Yeah.
  I would like to have kiss.
  I would like to kiss every one of the sinister six.
  And you want that right gives me I can I can taste the kiss  with all of the villains on that ride.
  You want Doc Ock to say like, hello, like the whole car like ET.
  Hello, Peter.
 Hello, Michael.
 Hello, Scott.
  Well, you know what, Jason?  I let me amend that I would like him to say hello to me.
  I would like him to just if there's a technology.
  Technology that can make it so you just heard your name.
  Maybe this is the next leap forward in technology.
  If you could make it so the character only says your name and that's how you hear  it.
 And we all hear our own names.
  Then we feel like we're being singled out like Bruce Springsteen,  Dancing in the Dark, where we're getting like pulled out of the audience  and singled out by a famous person.
  And now we know we are special.
  Dr.
 Ock was things I'm special.
  And he would only if he's going to kiss somebody in the ride vehicle,  he's going to kiss me.
  That's what's going to happen.
  Yeah, you're you're getting singled out to get fucked up by Alfred Molina.
  Well, if it's Molina now, that's a different thing than his general doc.
  But if we yeah, if it's Molina, put Molina in Marvel in the new MCU  Disney Fied Marvel and and also have him say my name and have us share a moment.
  Sure.
 So but I have.
  You ever muttered to yourself on these rides, say my name, say my name.
  Moder or enthusiastically yell.
  Either either way, you pick the volume.
  Yeah, it depends.
  It depends what's appropriate and which for which ride.
  If it's just like I can yell it, if it's a smaller ride,  maybe I just kind of whisper it and like maybe I like kind of blow it away  and like a kiss to the air to like send a wish, send a wish into the universe.
  The teen next to you is just like, hey, can I go on again?  This old guy kept mumbling and crying, like when  characters would show up with blowing kisses.
  He said they're not close enough to him.
  He wants to be nose to nose with them.
  It's what he keeps saying.
  Why am I turning to me and saying I need intimacy?  You know, who do you who do you want intimacy with on Justice?  Who do you want a moment with the most?  Who with for the with the most?  That's a very good question.
  As far as favorite characters,  I guess it's so cliche, but I think it has to it has to be.
  Unfortunately, it has to probably be Batman,  just because there's so many versions of Batman that I'm a big fan of.
  So you could say like, I love you, but thanks.
  Just think the other ones for me, too.
  Just think every Batman.
  If you see him, how about I?  Yeah, he like Batman.
  I like lean forward, I give him a little kiss on the cheek  and I go, that's for all of you guys.
  And then I like to share, send that send that to all of them.
  Sorry.
  Sorry about your parents.
  I hope you've had to see less versions than I have.
  Maybe I say maybe if the ride were to break down  during the point where the character was on the hood of the vehicle,  I could go like one for Adam, one for Val,  one for Michael, and then we just keep going along.
  Even for Robert.
  Even.
 Yes.
  I haven't seen him yet, but I love him already.
 Exactly.
  So if the ride breaks down, that'll be a good  that'll be a fun, fun little.
  It's safe to say that was the creepiest moment of the  all the episodes of this.
  Man, I'm kissing a 3D Batman and thank you.
  You're holding your parents house.
  My parents house.
  They're next.
  If they I like to think your mom has laundry passing by right now.
  No, they've got the glasses on the wall under their ear.
  I do think so.
  There's also a Lou Melnati's pizza order in as well that I'm  hungering for at this point.
  We keep her Lou.
  He keeps saying he can't  can't wait to be acquainted with the Robbie Pattinson Batman.
  Honey, do you know what that means?  If I were to open the door, they're probably right behind.
  They're probably just holding the glass.
  But that was your childhood, though.
  Well, it's a very good point.
  It's a very good point.
  But no, there was a full but I was like bugs.
  It was like the FBI.
  Like I was the people.
  Everyone.
 All my friends were wires.
  Yeah, they were all.
  Yeah, they were all.
  They were all narks.
  They were all by your mom.
  My mom was paying him each a couple hundred bucks a week.
  To your your mom should talk to the Justice League  because she was the only one able to outsmart  the schemes of Jessica to make sure you did not get like  a hit of dirt weed of like a shitty little Chicago joint.
  Yes, a very good point.
  It's just I don't know.
  Look, if you're if you're going out with Michael tonight, it's just  here's the thing.
  Eleven years ago, he made little  sheets out of tissues for the Ghostbusters, and I'm just worried  he's going to do it again.
  He might do it in your car.
  He might light your car on fire, and I don't want that for you.
  So please tear Mike up.
  Here's a hundred dollars, and I want you to take care of this.
  Yeah, no, I think any all of that stuff is that all happened.
  It's all real.
 All of it.
  It's was that what the line is real? All of it.
 It is.
  It's true.
 It's true.
 All of it.
  Oh, it's true.
 All of it.
  Chewie, we're home.
  I have an idea.
  If you're a scientist, I have another question, but that's right.
  There's a bunch of Lex Luther has a bunch of like little bots and.
  Lex box.
  Shoot.
 Yes, Lex.
  Bots.
 I called him.
  Isn't this like maybe this is a case of Disney getting there  after what with the Spidey bots.
 Right.
 Exactly.
  Yes, that is the thought I had as well.
  That's very similar, like kind of like faceless drones.
  And it's the same.
  And I seem to Ragnar not to, I guess.
  But like it's like there's endless.
  I mean, I guess we're shooting pies in that version.
  But it is like with these things, I think they feel like they need to make it  so exciting and so fast that they just want to like throw so many drones  at you to the point where it's like overwhelming.
  Yeah, I you know, I think that is one of the things I like about the Australian,  the original iteration of a Justice League ride is that,  you know, a part of Star of the Conqueror as a character  is that there's a million weird little starfish aliens everywhere.
  Yes.
 And that is an ideal target to shoot at.
  And it's so much more interesting than generic robots.
  So I think they should have.
  I think they got more of a budget in America to make this ride and clone it  so many times.
  And I can see why you would want to put Lex Luther and the Joker in there  because they're such recognizable characters.
  I think they should have gotten star in there, too, and just gone like all out  with the bad guys.
  You know what? I think that that's a that's a good plus up.
  I also think that for any of these rides, I think it would be better.
  Like, you know how in I guess Zelda has this where like Link is fighting a big boss  and there's like elements of now you first have to shoot the bosses like knee caps out.
  Then you have to shoot, you know, something that's like weak, like, OK,  that knocks off the armor.
  Then now you have like a weakness in the shoulder, like one villain or one boss  or one task that everyone's trying to complete together.
  I feel like it's better and more memorable than just everybody getting like 200  Lex bots thrown at their head.
  Does that make sense?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  One more in line with like when there is a big Bowser and you were exactly stop Bowser  and like, let's yeah, let's take out the floor under him or these little things  he's throwing out.
  We get rid of those and then we get rid of it.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I'm not sure why the trend seems to be like little faceless things versus just like one  character is on the screen for a minute and then in the same way that Toy Story  Midway Mania is just like a flat kind of playing surface and stuff is fun and happens  around that.
  Like if you throw the rings around the rocket, all the things shoots up and there's  different things that are like surprises that can happen.
  But it feels like that's more satisfying than just a pummel, just being pummeled.
  Yeah, I mean, I guess by making it robots, you kind of depersonalize it.
  It's like it's it's just a machine.
  It's not a thing that's alive.
  But the thing is, though, I like about this.
  You can see your beams.
  You can see what you're shooting.
  But then I don't think they really thought it through when the Justice League characters  show up.
  Everyone immediately just starts shooting Batman in the face.
  Like you just see all the beams immediately go to other characters.
  Yeah, I mean, that's like that's like a professional wrestling show in the late 90s with  laser pointers, too, though.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Everyone's instinct is just I did not have a laser pointer as a youth.
  That was against the rules and I did not have one.
  No, I was afraid of being blinded.
  I was terrified of being blinded.
  I also was terrified of being blinded by laser pointers.
  Scott, were you terrified of this?  Was this phenomenon something you didn't experience?  I feel like I had one and I hate to burst your bubble and then the mythologizing of  the laser pointer, but I feel like maybe I had one on a pen and used it twice and then  never again.
  I think it did not maintain as a so I'm saying you weren't missing much.
  I see.
  So you weren't acting like the clown prince of crime with that laser pointer around.
  I did not go out on a freeway overpass and try to start nailing individual cars.
  You didn't go to a local municipal airport and just try to fuck around and find out.
  Try flying to Detroit now.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's good.
  Yeah, which is good because I did have an incredibly powerful laser pointer.
  Of course.
  Yeah.
  Extremely accurate.
  I had like the Luxor light.
  Top of the line.
  Yeah, I knew when not to use it.
  So I was going to say too with that with the I mean, I get it.
  The concern is like you're shooting lasers, like not bullets, which is of course good,  but like you could shoot batarangs.
  You could shoot.
  There's different things like with Spider-Man.
  You're shooting webs and stuff.
  Yeah.
  You're like web pellets.
  I mentioned this on another episode, but you point out.
  Yeah, you're not shooting bullets.
  There is a sequence like and it's different in other versions like the Great American version.
  The version of Great America.
  There's a thing where a shelf of barrels falls down on you.
  A theme park standby prop barrels, of course, but it is kind of a cool effect.
  It's just some robots in that room, like some industrial looking robots, but at Magic Mountain,  it's some of the Joker's goons and they just have automatic weapons and they're just firing them  right at you.
  Like there's no ray gun.
  There's no gas like fog guns.
  It's just like, oh, I don't know if these guys and like purge masks and orange jumpsuits  firing AKs at me like, I don't know.
  You might have maybe could have cartooned that up a little bit.
  Yeah, I'm worried about this happening to me any day for any reason.
  And so yeah, I'm concerned about this at the ball, the post office, a gas station, you know, anywhere.
  How about a boxing glove gun?  You know, oh, yeah.
  Boxing glove shooting out of a gun.
  That's that's funny.
  Yeah, we can all say that.
  I'll say this on the complimentary side.
  The Joker on the crazy Joker dune buggy is awesome.
  Like that is 100%.
  The animatronic Joker is on like a dune buggy with it's got a big like gas gun in the front of it.
  And it's a cooled vehicle.
  He looks good.
  It's yeah, I don't know.
  That's obviously that's what I would want more of too.
  Obviously, if I was plussing up as well, robots of everybody.
  But, you know, look, that's more than we get on the Spider-Man ride in Orlando.
  I mean, yeah, we have Cyborg, we have him and then Harley Quinn sometimes.
  In in Magic Mountain, there's a simpler Harley Quinn animatronic at the end who blasts you with gas.
  At the end of all versions, the you get blasted with gas.
  Right.
  But maybe Harley's only Magic Mountain because it was the last one open.
  So we like there's more there's more scenes, the scenes that are only there.
  Yeah, yeah, I think she was the addition for Magic Mountain and she looks pretty good.
  I mean, yeah, simpler than the Joker.
  But one last Harley Quinn, you know, for the locals, local hero Harley Quinn.
  I'll see you on the bumper of the car I'm driving behind.
  See at the mayor's office, Harley Quinn, Harley.
  And so I mean, it seems like the feedback is more positive than not.
  And it seems like like maybe higher quality than you than you might expect from Six Flags.
  Yeah, I also have to get Six Flags credit in the their front of the line offering is called Flash  Pass.
 And, you know, I like the use of the flash.
 He does run very fast.
  But also, I just appreciate the like skirting the legalities because Flash Pass just sounds  like you mush mouthed Fast Pass a little.
 And it's like, you know what? And that's,  you know, he was the original lightning lane, let's be honest, because the flash is surrounded  by lightning from the speed force.
 So, you know, there's give and take in the theme park world.
  You know, right.
 Everyone steals fast pass.
  Snooze you lose.
  Yeah, it is up in the air now.
 It is fair game.
  That's how copyright works.
 Correct.
  Yeah, you stop using it actively.
 It can be used by anyone.
  We should use it.
 We should use it for something for our purposes.
 See when Disney gets at us.
  Yeah.
 Well, what can we offer that's Fast Pass?  Is there a way to if we created a way to only hear pertinent info about the ride that is our  topic that day and to skip tangents, which would thus reduce the episodes to about 23 minutes per.
  If that was something the audience does, I now I don't know how to program it.
  Some computer whiz, but maybe that is our Fast Pass.
  Okay.
 Skip past the tangents.
  Yeah.
 Any time past the childhood stories.
  I decided to check our reviews yesterday.
 Actually, it's funny enough, which I don't  do that often.
 Oh, great idea.
  Well, honestly, the reviews on Apple podcasts are really good.
 It's real positive.
  Except somebody was like four stars out of not four out of five, not five out of five.
  And they're like, these tangents go on too long.
  And I'm like, look, we've done it this long.
 Welcome to your first comedy podcast.
  It ain't getting any easier.
 We're not getting we're not going to change now.
  Maybe if maybe if we saw this within the first six weeks, maybe we would have overhauled the  whole thing.
 But at this point, sorry.
  But thanks for listening.
 Thanks for the four stars.
 Four stars is not one star.
  So no way.
 Fuck this guy.
  All right.
 Fine.
  And you're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
  It's got to get us anymore.
  I was trying to be nameless.
 I'll edit out the part where I said it's okay.
  That's right.
 You won't hear that praise.
  Yeah, no tangents that much.
 I know the right.
  I'll say you have to you have to free the Justice League.
  Yeah.
 Also, I go back.
  I made a mistake earlier.
 I said there was an empty room.
  There is a room with statues of the just of the of the Holy Trinity,  which is Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman, which I like the statues.
  I think that is a cool spot in the room.
  My feeling of the experience, I think, when I said it was empty is because,  as I said on the other episode, there's no employees in the first two rooms to direct  you where to go.
 It feels very lawless.
  So in my memory, I forgot that those statues are in there, which I really I like.
  And then at the end of the ride, you get to free the Justice League and they help you,  basically, before you go on that like very Spider-Man style behind the thing,  which I like.
 I like that you're helping.
  I like that.
 That's good.
  So that's really all I had to say about the rest of the ride.
  Yeah.
 You have to see everyone use their powers a little.
  At the end, they all do like a hero pose and they thank you.
  Say your honorary members now.
  Right, which is good.
 It's not quite.
  I feel so good.
  It's not quite the Transformers experience, but it is pretty close.
  The flesh thanked me.
 They said I could join me.
  Intimacy.
  You could say me.
 Yes.
  Does it give you does it give you that tingle?  Does it give you that that intimacy tingle that you want?  Well, I haven't done as I said, the one the time I went on the ride,  the glasses were not given to us by the employee.
  So when I watch the video, I do I do feel it.
  I can feel it.
 But when I go, which again, soon is looking like it'll happen,  I will report back if it feels as good as I hope it does, as it seems.
  Yeah.
 Well, just like I don't know if your like hairs stand up  from the back of your head or on your I don't know what how  to measure your excitement about intimacy.
  I don't know how you measure your tingle, but send us a photo.
  How if something physically happens to your body?  How do you that sounds like some sort of market?  How do you measure your tingle?  Like that one way could be flags and the more flags there are.
  Flags more tingle.
 Yeah.
  Is really how you got out.
  Scott, unfortunately, had the three to four flag experience.
  That's about correct.
  But at least I mean, the very first time I went to Magic Mountain.
  Oh, God, probably like 15, 14, 15 years ago, I got I was it was so hot.
  And I was like, I never complain about like, oh, God, it's so hot.
  And I got home and the news was like, it's the hottest day of 2008.
  And it was like, oh, my like sandals are flip flop.
  Like whatever shoes I had with me had melted like the glue was separating.
  And I was like, well, that might be is that the goo people's sandals have melted?  And there's just like melted sandal goo everywhere in the six flags.
  Oh, my God, is the goo just like, you know, remainder old Navy,  like four dollar flip flops that have just been kicked off.
  Yeah, like torch.
  Yeah, I would heal rubber is just stuck on the pavement and no one's cleaned it.
  Like, who could be enough to run a test on the goo, get the goo to a lab.
  Well, we'll test them.
  Well, you know what?  I'm like, you know, having having said some some not great things,  the less than four star rating for my day at the park.
  I mean, I think I was impacted by not getting this.
  This is what I wanted to see.
  Probably would have bumped up my rating.
  It sounds like this is sounds like the same bad.
  Yeah, it's especially like, again, it was the only game in town at the six flags.
  Like you're going to go, yeah, this is like a dark ride.
  And this is it's not a shabby one.
  It's like it's got a pretty high production value.
  It's not as good as Orlando Spider-Man, but nothing almost is at this,  like still at this point.
  Let me read this statement.
  This is by somebody I believe from Sally Dark Rides.
  And just just to react to this, Spider-Man was really our bar.
  That was where we always strive to be.
  If that was the best dark ride in the industry, we needed to reach that bar.
  And Justice League has exceeded it.
  Well, that's I don't know if I would agree because it doesn't.
  You know, there's a great simplicity to the Spider-Man ride.
  And yeah, there's a there's maybe an overreach on Justice League where it's very busy.
  And it's like there's there's it's kind of maybe weighed down a little by the interactivity.
  You know, yeah, yeah, that's what I think.
  Yes, I agree.
  Too busy.
  The experience is a little more complicated.
  The ride vehicle is not as good as the Spider-Man.
  If you just it's not quite.
  Yeah, that thing has got a lot of tricks up its sleeve.
  Yeah.
  And that thing I've said this before, like I went on Transformers not even that long ago.
  I was like, it really feels like like a 300 pound robot has slammed its fist on the vehicle.
  And I don't know how it does that.
  Like, I feel such a strong impact.
  But if it truly was like the force that I think it is, it would rip the like the car in half.
  It's just so everything about it just like makes you like your body feel the actual weight of  the Optimus Prime or whoever Megatron or whoever's attacking you and Optimus Prime.
  He's our friend.
  He doesn't attack.
  But yeah, those vehicles are awesome.
  And these vehicles are good.
  They're fine.
  But it's not as good as Spider-Man vehicle.
  Yeah, yeah.
  No, those are amazing.
  Yeah, because they can make you feel like.
  Yeah, you're getting punched by a robot or, you know, if they wanted to include a scene  where Optimus Prime lifts you up to where his heart should be and holds you close to his chest  and says, were I to have a heart, it would be beating harder than ever for you, Michael, my son.
  I consider you my son after what you've after your bravery this day.
  And he's he's removed me from the car somehow.
  That's if they could do that technology too.
  You all go home.
  The rest of you riffraff.
  I need some time with Michael.
  If you know, like in the Cars Land ride where you can go one is the spray down  and one is the wheels or the excuse me, spray paint.
  If there were two paths at the end of Transformers, one where the car breaks off  and it's just me in a little car and then the other what seven people or what is it?  How many people in there?  Twelve, eleven, whatever it is, they go in the other way and I get to have that  and I get to feel his beating robot heart.
  Well, it's like being asked to the after party.
  So like you want to hang a little hang back.
  He slips me a note during the middle of the ride to he's like, here's where the real party is.
  Anyway, I'll spark this.
  I'll spark that.
  How are you?  Look, I'm not looking okay with your mom.
  I'm not looking for a romantic relation with Optimus Prime.
  I'm just looking for acknowledgement.
  It's like a mentor uncle, like sort of like cool uncle.
  A cool uncle relationship is what I'm looking for.
  I'm not looking to be his lover.
  Michael, don't tell your mother, but here is a Bud Light, a single Bud Light can.
  Like comes out of it like a dispenser from his chest.
  Yeah, it's icy cold.
  My chest is a cooler.
  You're very mature and 37.
  I believe you can have this now.
  And now he seems like he's bad.
  Now you're making it seem like he's bad.
  He's kind of no, he's saying like I maybe waited too long.
  I probably could have, you know, you were always a good kid.
  We wanted to make sure you didn't go down the wrong path like that, Heather.
  Fire a shotgun with me.
  Like I don't think we should be doing this, Optimus.
  I don't think no.
  Come on.
  It's cool.
  Everything's fine.
  I thought you were cool.
  I guess you not wanted to be with me.
  I guess I should have picked the guy next to you in the right vehicle.
  No, no, no, no.
  I was the right one.
  I was the right one to pick.
  Okay, well, shoot the gun then.
  Right answer.
  Now, next step, let's go.
  Rob a bank.
  Whoa, hey, Optimus, and you're going to be the one whose faces on the camera.
  Wait a minute.
  Oh, so look, this could very well be the ending, but I want to we've been going a little long,  but I want to I want to throw one more thing in here.
  And that is that Jason, you mentioned it earlier that this ride won a the award  as presented by the Tia or the T.
E.
A.
  The T.
E.
A.
 presents the T.
H.
E.
A.
 awards.
  It's very tidy.
  No problems there.
  So we haven't brought up these awards in a long time.
  I feel like they used to come up here and there,  specifically the desire among some of the hosts to get involved in this.
  Host the awards show.
  Floral.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yes.
  We want to host the T.
E.
A.
s.
  To be a part of the show, maybe host to the show.
  You guys went to you tried to go to it.
  Speaking of after parties, you like hung around these anonymous theme park  and street employees who designed rides and stuff.
  We were notably the ones not in tuxedos at the Tancarola Terrace.
  But, you know, Friar Tux, a local L.
A.
 establishment, has my measurements on file.
  So if the call comes, if they go in person again, you'll be there.
  And I here's what I have to say about this.
  I got curious and I was like, so they won an award.
  Huh?  I wonder if that was interesting or if that's, you know, if that aired anywhere.
  And now I have seen basically I looked up the twenty nineteen  the awards where Justice League won an award and I was expecting, you know,  I got a lot of what I was expecting, a lot of like kind of dry discussion  people I've never seen before.
  Just, you know, people thanking their team.
  And it is what it is.
  It's a nice little internal thing, but it maybe wasn't as fun as I thought it would be  until I'm going to show you this.
  And this has changed my feelings about the awards.
  Now I'm all it.
  Now I want as much interaction with them as possible, because here's what happened  when the Justice League ride was honored.
  And I'll narrate anything that's not clear to you, the audience.
  We are humbled to know that our industry peers think us worthy of this great acknowledgement.
  Thank you very much.
  Ladies and gentlemen, they're here.
  Give it up for the Justice League.
  Oh, hell yes.
  The two tux guys on stage now are kind of standing around  on a pretty modest stage at the Disneyland Hotel.
  But then Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, pretty theme park.
  That's right, ladies and gentlemen, they're here to help you with your selfies  as we now will take a 20 minute intermission.
  And watch your wristbands, because when they flash red, it's time for Act Two.
  Thank you.
  Now the three characters kind of the whole the Trinity here, they kind of like mill about  aren't sure what to do.
  Well, should we go in the audience?  OK, and they slowly walk down some precarious steps to take selfies  with the park industry veterans.
  That is actually that's great operational.
  That's a great operational move because 20 minutes, everyone's going to make a beeline  for the bar.
  But if you can distract some of the people who would be going to the bar,  that'll cut down on the line.
  And that's why these, you know, that's why these people are the best.
  But they're what they do is like organized crowds.
  Some go here, some go here.
  Well, yeah, yeah, it's really on display.
  They can't even put it to rest when it's their time to party.
  Now, the real nerds among us would know, I think it is a very funny choice  because Wonder Woman of those three was the only original Justice League member,  Batman, Superman, not originally in the very first iteration of Justice League.
  And in the 90s, it was a lot of BNC list characters, too.
  And then Grant Morrison, of course, and then Grant Morrison.
  Yeah, he put Catwoman on the team.
  He put hunters on the team.
  Yeah, you got to have the pantheon.
  You got to have the big knee.
  Aztec, the ultimate man who became.
  Yeah.
  One thing fighting all that is that they had the budget for the Anaheim actors to show up.
  They look pretty good for like an award show selfie.
  Yeah.
  So the whole so like a lot of these are pretty dry,  but I flipped through because some of them are in full on YouTube.
  There's that sense.
  Yeah, a little bit.
  Yeah, there is a thing in the in the Guardians mission breakout year.
  There's a thing where the Guardians of the Galaxy land on stage  and kind of like roast the people who the people in the room know.
  There's yeah, there's some like Billy Crystal type award show stuff.
  And there's one more clip.
  This is how that year opened the 2019.
  And I'm going to watch the volume on this, but audience just prepare your ears anyway.
  So what happened at the beginning of this award show  is that a bunch of like teens and muted grays, nicely dressed all come out.
  And this is the this is the sound they collectively make.
  As the screen with the word innovation plays.
  And then it's some way they turn to the screen and then turn back from the screen.
  See, now that's a perfect theme park accompaniment because it's like got some gravitas.
  It's got some air to it, but it is very copyright free.
  So no one's getting sued on this one.
  Not a word, not one word.
  Oh, yes.
 A bunch of teens sing a wordless song at you.
  When we I want to re declare right now that we want to host the awards.
  Yeah, I want to bring back the things before I want to.
  I want all in.
  We want to bring the teams back.
  We want to bring the Holy Trinity back.
  Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman.
  It doesn't matter what ride wins.
  We're ready to do it.
  I want the teens to beat up the Justice League.
  Yes.
  While singing.
  Yeah, I mean, the comics industry learned this years ago with the big comic book awards,  the Eisner Awards that give out a comic con every year.
  We're always a very long, boring affair.
  So in recent years, like you've gotten there's been like a Tom Lennon  and other comics have like presented awards and like kind of livened it up a little  because as you can imagine, a room full of people who spend most of their time like  typing on a computer or drawing at a drafting board isn't necessarily the most lively.
  You know, well, they're going to be lively when Scott starts.
  It's so wonderful night for Thea, Thea, Thea, who will win.
  You know, that's going to ride in the mud.
  Tonight are or we do a video where we're in all the rides.
  It's us in the rides with other famous podcasters.
  Oh, yes.
  Yes.
  That's good.
  John Gaber is.
  Yeah, we do.
  We we take a head off one of the storm troopers in that room and rise.
  The resistance.
  There you go.
  John Gaber is how did you get here?  Hondo Anaka is replaced with Mitch.
  Okay, all right.
  Got to go get the coaxium.
  You got to get that fucking coaxium.
  Oh, this is I hate this land.
  Paying off one of the valet guys at the Disneyland Hotel.
  Okay, Jason said too mean of a joke about Bob Chaypack.
  Get him.
  Pull a sedan around and get him the fuck out of here.
  Yeah, look, the so many opportunities for for like, like iconic, amazing, long lasting comedy at these Thea's.
  So hire us.
  We're ready.
  So hire us.
  Yeah, we're ready.
  Yeah, I'll start working of some kind of Poe Dameron related song parody.
  What's new?  I guess I got to do a song about like about web slingers.
  And if I'm going by Billy Crystal rules, it has to be like a song from the 1940s.
  So you write.
  Yes, right, right.
  Must have been a beautiful slinger because baby, that's a beautiful web.
  That's who we sing this song, dude.
  Oh, man.
  Well, yeah, all right.
  That's it.
  We're in.
  We're doing it.
  We are.
  We are in as Thea hosts in 2022.
  We just need to run it by this organization that seems like a rather stuffy organization, but they'll probably be.
  Yep, who denied us who denied us free tickets once?  Well, I think the tickets are like, they said six tickets.
  I know that.
  You were offered.
  They said our outlet was not a good fit is what I believe the email said that we were not a good fit.
  But we are the host.
  We are the right fit to where the right fit to host.
  We've got credits.
  Yeah, I guess.
  Yeah, OK.
  We've got we've got what are they?  Is it called polls media?  Like we've got clippings clippings.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, we have clippings.
  And now from some web series that appeared on platforms that have since been canceled entirely.
  Please welcome Scott Gardner.
  All right.
  That's a Easter by podcast, right?  Boy, what a wild ride we'll see at the feasts 2022 or maybe at this rate 2024.
  I don't know when they're coming back.
  We'll figure it out.
  We'll be there.
  You can find us on all the socials at podcast.
  The ride merch is available in our public store and for three bonus episodes every month,  check out podcast the ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  As always, your whiskey choice is digits.
  It's a championship level.
  It's the only whiskey it's worthy of six rings.
  And for the best organic popcorn, it's got to be husk.
  It feels like, by the way, it feels like that's a different episode at this point.
  That was the yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's worth a four star review is they call back things that were two and a half hours.
  I was begging them not to, and they did it anyway.
  Four stars.
  But that's the amount of time we're going to have to sustain at the awards.
  So call back with that.
  That is what you want.
  You got to track everything that happened in the night and we're going to do it.
  Every single thing.
  We'll have our joke writers waiting, as they always say,  waiting in the wings to give us those jokes.
  And then we'll have to, of course, get the Lanch.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, man, we got to get the Lanch.
  The Lanch will have some great lines about like, thank you all for being here tonight.
  And for those of you who aren't here tonight,  should have woken up early to get in the virtual queue sooner, asshole.
  Classic.
  Great.
  And we're great.
  Perfect.
  Be great.
  All right.
  See you there.
  Bye.
  Bye.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Cilio,  and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
