 ["The Muppets Are Dead"]  Extra, extra, the Muppets are dead.
  Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright, The Cemetery Gate.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Scare-It-In.
  I added it in there.
  Kermit has been compromised to a permanent end.
  Uh, Scott, uh, Scare-Gerdner is here.
  I forgot about that.
  No, we did.
 I was even like not wanting to bring it up.
  I'm like, do we have to remember the names again?  Yeah, Scott Scare-Gerdner.
  Yeah, yeah, that might have been what it was before.
  But yeah, that's my, the main point is they're gone.
  We're rid of them finally.
  Right, they have died.
  They have to celebrate it.
  This is special about their ghosts.
  Just like Bugs Bunny.
  Well, Bugs Bunny didn't stay permanently dead.
  No, he didn't.
  From a great film.
  It was like one scene and he was alive again.
  Less, less, less, less.
  Okay, fair enough.
  Was it akin to the Chewbacca amount in episode nine?  Who was dead longer, Chewbacca or Kermit?  Okay, or Kermit.
  Wait a minute.
  Yeah.
  Bugs Bunny.
  Bugs is essentially revived in the crossfade between the scene where he dies and the scene  where he comes back.
  Right, right, right, right.
  They're directly next to each other with nothing in between.
  Chewbacca at least has five minutes.
  Kermit stays dead for a long chunk of this in theory.
  Yeah, in theory.
  I mean, people just drew them.
  It was weird that it was a firing squad, but people had had it.
  They're just like, the voices have just gotten too weird.
  It's just not right.
  Many thoughts already.
  This is the voice of, of course, Griffin Evil Stew Man.
  I mean, I was going to say, I think Boo Man is.
.
.
  No, Evil Stew is the way to go, I think.
  It's an evil stew.
  It's a dish, a delicacy that is evil.
  Eye of Newton.
  Yeah, all of that's.
.
.
  Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.
  I was struggling on Griffin, but Boo Man felt like an alley-oop.
  But if we want Evil Stew, then sure, it's Griffin Evil Stew Man.
  I think it's Evil Stew.
  And accidental haunt cast the Fright legend.
  What?  Evil Stew Man.
  Did that just happen by accident?  Really? Well, it has to.
  We had no choice, I think.
  The credits transfer.
  I'm grandfathered.
  A new credit.
  And also, I want to say with this, because you've fulfilled everything that you promised in 2021.
  Many appearances, and it's been great.
  And in doing so, in this episode, you were, I believe, unless I have my facts wrong,  you were tying the all-time guest record.
  You are now exactly in league with Eva Anderson.
  Oh, man.
  Your bitter feud canon will continue.
  No, no, not at all.
  But you've got the throne.
  You're sharing the throne right now.
  Has she done.
.
.
  She's done more Second Gate because of sensitive material, is that right?  Some of it sensitive material, some of it bizarre, not related to the premise of the podcast.
  Yeah.
  Precents.
  This is an example of the way you guys in this show and then Eva, by extension, have broken my brain.
  Because there are a lot of things that we share in common.
  It's why we've become friends and whatever.
  But there are things that you guys have activated me onto that I previously did not give a shit about  or certainly did not feel that obsessive about.
  I admitted to you guys in a moment of real vulnerability recently that I watched characters  Oh, yes.
  With no audience, and some of you do, but do people remember what characters is?  And if not, I'll give you the opportunity to remind the audience.
  It's the movie directed by the man who created Hard Rock Park  about kids, teenagers who work as mascot characters at a shitty theme park for a summer.
  Yeah.
  And there is crossover with Hard Rock Park because some of the characters,  like Winston the punk rock dog.
.
.
  He gets a fair amount of screen time.
  Yeah.
  Hard Rock Park characters are now, were later included in this film, quote unquote.
  But I watched the movie only because you guys put me onto it and you guys hadn't even watched.
  It's terrible.
  I want to stake my claim right now.
  If you ever do an episode on it, I demand to be the guest because I've already wasted the time.
  There's sort of like a sunk cost fallacy at this point that I might as well watch it a second time.
  But the other thing I was going to say was I was at a hotel when I was in LA and they have like  the books just sort of like sitting around the lobby, I guess, partly for people to read,  probably more for decor or whatever.
  And I was just sort of like idly looking at all the spines.
  And then I freaked out because I saw they had a hardcover Dick Tracy volume.
  And I was like, is this the fucking moon made edition?  Like I lost my mind.
  And I was doing the math in my head of like, if this is that edition that she's talking about,  do I steal it?  Do I see if I can barter with them to buy it from the hotel because they don't know  it's apparently worth two thousand dollars or whatever price they know they might not.
  They would if I was just like, hey, can I give you like forty bucks for this book?  I would lie.
  I'd say like my kid really likes moon made.
  Can I?  Did you do was it the moon one for sure?  It wasn't.
  It wasn't.
  It wasn't.
  But I had like the amount of like full body adrenaline that kicked in when I went,  is this the moon made edition?  Yeah.
  Is I thank you and Eva for breaking my brain in that way.
  I brain breaker to that.
  She's got good to hear.
  We're all we're all breaking brains.
  She's a brain breaker.
  You were you were saying, you know, Muppet Muppet fans are very intense.
  Passionate.
  Passionate.
  And I count myself among them.
  The first time I was on main feed was the Muppet Vision 3D,  my favorite, one of the best American films ever made.
  And I remember that like an hour after that episode dropped,  there was maybe three hours because the episode was too fucking long.
  But someone had written up like a four page document of all the factual errors I had made.
  And number by number.
  Yeah, like upwards of 40.
  Not really rivaled until the I the great I love Lucy correction.
  Right.
  On the gripes episode later.
  It was very similar to that.
  And like that guy came to some live show I was doing after that and was like,  hey, I'm the guy.
  I'm sorry.
  I hope that didn't like freak you out.
  It's just like I have all this stuff in my head.
  You know, I mean, I was impressed in both cases.
  I was very impressed that they had it.
  Yeah, and I don't like I don't mind being corrected,  especially when you're sort of like, you know,  speaking off the top of your head and just flowing whatever.
  I preface all this by saying I think this special  might become something of a surprise lightning rod within the Muppet community.
  Interesting.
  Why do you have a quick, quick, short version of why?  I think that, uh, let's say, you know,  the the Seagull, uh, Boban, um, movies were divisive in their own way.
  Right.
  And then I think all the stuff that's been done since those until now,  Muppets now, uh, YouTube videos, you know, any sort of use of the character since then  has been, uh, the ABC series.
  Certainly.
  Mm hmm.
  It's been like, this didn't work.
  The general public did not like this.
  It did not connect.
  It did not bring them back.
  And you have people who are like, just Muppet fans who I think now have just become died in  the wool purists like, uh, uh, Connor Ratliff, my dear friend who I do the George Lucas talk show  with, he's a guy where he's like, I don't really like anything after Jim died.
  Oh, yeah.
  You know, it really, for me is like, that's a pretty firm line.
  And I feel like now part of it's generationally, uh, you know, we're all younger than,  than he is by some years, um, uh, not to make him sound old, uh, but I feel like our,  60 years old.
  Our generation is like pretty accepting of, I would say at least like Christmas Carol.
  Yeah.
  I think that's, that to me is like, uh, what's the equivalent with wall, like haunted mansion,  like it's still the magic still there, even though it's a few years later.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  Right.
  That's like high watermark for me.
  Watch it every year, uh, Christmas seat with that.
  Totally.
  And I think like treasure islands being reclaimed a little bit now, you know?  Um, but, but for him, it's like, there's a real firm line there.
  And I think you have people who the last 10, 15 years of Disney weirdness of not  figuring out what to do with these characters have gotten pushed more to that direction of  like, you know what?  In my mind's eye, these characters are kind of dead to me.
  The new stuff is whatever it is, you know, it's Disney star wars.
  There's that sort of attitude of just like, I have my stuff I care about and this stuff I ignore.
  And then I think you have the people who are so protective of these characters that they  really want to find something to like about anything new, you know?  Sure.
  They're going to, yeah, they will try every time because it is still the company and there's  still some people in comm or like, like still some of the quote unquote old timers are there.
  So like, why not give it a shot?  Right.
  And, and it's like, there's not a muppet mythology, right?  There's not a canon in terms of a dense narrative that's being betrayed where people  have in their mind's eye the same way.
  Like I wanted to see Luke Skywalker do this, you know?  So I think there's enough flexibility with these characters that people go like,  look, I prefer this, but I think the ABC series gave me some of that.
  And I liked that.
  This is good for this good showcase for that character.
  The jokes are better in this one.
  The songs are better in this one, whatever it is.
  And they're sort of like, really try to find the best quality of any property, right?  But I think it's more and more become divided in that way where it's the people who are like,  I like the muppets and I'm going to view everything on a scale of muppets,  which is varying levels of enjoyment to me versus the people who are like,  I'm fundamentally kind of out.
  I have been surprised to hear a lot of people who I know who are fundamentally kind of out  watch this within three days of it coming out and went like,  this is kind of the closest anyone's gotten in a while.
  I think I might include myself in that.
  I think this is the most I've liked a muppet thing in a minute.
  It's certainly since the two movies, I like the movies, I defend them.
  But I feel like a lot of people I know who don't like the two recent Disney movies,  recent as in 10 years ago now, do like this.
  And I wonder how the muppet purists or let's say this, the people who are sort of generally  accepting of muppet material feel about this one being disproportionately more well-liked  and I feel seems to already be more successful.
  It seems to be more widely watched than Muppets Now, which came out last year and  feels like it made no impact whatsoever.
  If you tell people in the middle of the pandemic, there was a 10 episode muppet sketch star  with a sketch show with famous guest stars on it, I think most people would not believe you,  especially considering the fact that Disney Plus does not have that much original content.
  Sure, sure.
 Yeah.
 Did anybody do? I didn't really do it.
  We watched one, I think.
  I kind of forgot.
 I watched Earth to Ned.
 I think the first Jason Segal Muppets.
  And Earth to Ned have been the muppet things I've liked the most in recent years.
  I have to say, I think a lot of people's, I'm wondering how much you guys, maybe you agree,  maybe a discrepancy.
 I think a lot of people's excitement for this was the fact that it's muppets.
  People have very warm feelings towards the muppets and people have very warm feelings  towards the Haunted Mansion.
 Like I, I'm giving you get an extra head start in my book.
  I think if you're coming with the muppets, you're coming with the Haunted Mansion.
  I think it's a very canny combination.
 And I think they've tapped into something,  which is there's maybe a pretty perfect circle in terms of Venn diagram of people who really  love the muppets and people who really love Imagineering and theme park lore.
  They're like cults within Disney fandom.
 As much as something can be a cult and still owned by the  Walt Disney Company, I think they are.
 I think, yeah, they're very well matched.
  They're the nerdier corners.
 They have very similar aesthetics and senses of humor and this and that.
  And it's like, maybe instead of trying to make the thing where you're working really hard to  modernize the muppets and put them in some new context and make them more like some other  thing in popular culture that the kids like or that the adults like or both, maybe just kind of  double down and have muppets be your sort of like friendly, you know, family friendly nerd ambassadors.
  Yeah, I mean, this thing is like, I feel like this is not trying to do nearly as much as these  other things you're talking about.
 So I think that's what helps it a lot because it's a lighter,  it's a quicker, you're not doing like big relationship swings with the characters.
  You're just like, remember your care, your favorites.
 Now they're like the other  favorites you have on that ride and you're just enjoying it's a short watch.
  Like there's not much to get upset about, I would think.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Look, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have some petty gripes.
 There will be a little gripes  department in this and I, you know, I will explain them with the asterisks of I like this thing.
  I generally like this thing.
 I think it's good.
 It made me sort of, I continue to struggle with  what is the best application for these characters creatively.
 But I do think in terms of just  strategy, this seems smart.
 Yeah, I was talking with, after mention Connor Ratliff and Patrick  Kotner who produces the George Lucas talk show and they're like two of the biggest  Muppet fans I know.
 So we tend to geek out about this shit together.
 And this observation I had is  this weird recent spate of Simpson's Disney crossover shit.
 What they've been to Star War  shorts and a Marvel shorts.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Going straight to Disney.
 Plus it feels like they're  using the Simpsons now the way the Muppets used to be used.
 It's like a fundamental misunderstanding  of all of those properties.
 Agreed.
 Agreed.
 It's a weird flip.
 And it's like that's both how Disney  used to use the Muppets a little, but also how the Muppets used to react to pop culture a little,  where you could have them cross over with the earnest versions of these things, not do parodies,  but like riff on them from the inside.
 You know, they like, they serve as a little like sketch  troop.
 Essentially, he like kind of taking the piss out of these things, but in a loving way,  which Scott, that's my fundamental thing.
 It's, you know, if I have an overarching gripe with this,  with this special, which I do generally like, it is just my favorite application of the Muppets is  as a sketch troop.
 And this feels like a weird neither here nor there special in, is this the  Muppets who are actors going on what is a real adventure in their life? Or is this the Muppets  putting on a special for us? Yeah, it splits the difference in a few ways.
 And I think that's  one of the weak parts of it.
 It's like, yes, I want it.
 Is this going to sound crazy to say,  I want it more Haunted Mansion.
 Agreed.
 They're not playing with, there's so much setup, like in both  Haunted Mansion and also in the initial conceit at the top of this, that the Muppets are having a big  Halloween party.
 It's like, if you see a bad improv show, this is a common mistake where it's like,  you set up a really interesting idea, like a Muppets having a giant Halloween party.
  And now we're going to move the show to us somewhere else.
 Like, all right, that's enough of that.
 We  haven't explored it at all, but we're going somewhere else right now.
 You are going to a  Haunted Mansion.
 You are going to the Haunted Mansion.
 But you are also taking so long,  the Haunted Mansion filled with great music.
 And it takes a while to get, I mean, I guess it only  takes like six minutes to get to some chunk of Grim Grin and Ghosts, but it's like, I think the  Muppet Haunted Mansion, I thought the first song I would hear would be Grim Grin and Ghosts or The  Organ.
 And I was not expecting the first song I heard was a cover of Dancing in the Moonlight,  which I did like is a song I like.
 And I like the Muppets singing it, but it's.
  But it has to open with Grim Grin.
 I think that's a weird gripe.
 That's kind of a fun little thing.
  Why do they have to get it in in minute one? I would have maybe liked a little overture,  you know, with, with little notes of it.
 See, I have a completely different thing.
 I wish there  was more stuff like Dancing in the Moonlight.
 Yeah, I like this.
 I was like, oh, this is a good  choice.
 I like this song.
 Well, I'll remind you, it's the special.
 You get it to the music video  at the end.
 And I was like, OK, good.
 Not don't just completely do paint by the numbers Haunted  Mansion, which is kind of what the special is anyway.
 I go, we're going to get like interest.
  We're going to get the Guardians of the Galaxy style needle drops.
 Sure.
 Let's do that.
 Why not?  We get original song.
 Yes, which were.
 Yeah, they're bad.
 But yeah, I was like, oh, OK.
  Yeah, the original.
 And and and the Grinning Ghost is so much disproportionately better than the songs  written for this, where you're like the bar is high, you know, yeah, giving us genuine sort of  minted pop songs.
 You're giving us a classic Disney, you know, song in the middle.
 And then  there are some OK Muppets songs on either side.
 This if I could just like reestablish the silo of  thought, because I think this is what we're going to get into it like I think this thing works and I  find it pretty exciting as a largely successful experiment in them testing some different ways to  use these characters and recontextualize them, especially within Disney Plus, which I think is  maybe a great place for the Muppets to be doing a couple of things like this a year.
 And it takes  the pressure off of it needing to be a fucking blockbuster movie or a network show.
  A reset.
 I think what I like about it, like I think I kind of disagree on that setup point,  because I like that you're like in the beginning, like Gonzo's, Gonzo and Pepe are heading on an  adventure and then there's a Halloween party and then you're on the adventure.
 You don't have to do  it's just like you probably wouldn't disagree with this, but I think it's vastly preferable to like,  All right, you're here watching the Muppets new movie and prepare to relearn who the Muppets are  for half an hour.
 I know, I know.
 I really like that you're just like, it's the Muppets, here they go,  and they're going to do this and great.
 You take it as a given.
 The lack of pressure,  a movie I think naturally causes pressure that this thing doesn't have.
 I mean, I believe I went  into the weeds on this when we did the Muppet Vision episode, but like there's the school of  thought that I follow.
 Not that I take this super seriously because once again, it's never meant to  have a dense mythology or anything, right? But like the Muppets are essentially a troupe, right? They  are actors, they are comedians, they're musicians, they are like a performance group and the origins  of these characters, you know, appearing on talk shows and whatever performing for us, that is the  context.
 Hello, I'm Kermit the Frog.
 I am an entertainer.
 My existence is to entertain you.
  I exist in show business.
 That, you know, heightens to the Muppet show where we're putting on the show  for you.
 We control this.
 This is our theater.
 You're getting to peek behind the curtain and  see the backstage stuff, but like the idea is they exist to entertain you.
 They aren't just Mickey  Mouse and Pluto and Goofy walking around in their own universe living their life, right? And you're  happening to see their misadventures.
 This is what they do for a living.
 And I think it's important  because it is the unifying force between these characters is they're all fucking broken show  business people.
 I think that's a core thing that sometimes gets lost where in in shittier  Muppet projects, it's just like, this is just a bunch of fun looking puppets, right? Like what do  any of these people have things have to do with each other? And it's like the firmament of the  bond between them has to be they all just are broken and need to perform for people or work  backstage or be in show business or whatever.
 And that's what unifies all these like broken hot  balls, right? On the fringes of society.
 That's what keeps them together is they are this true  ball in it together.
 I bring this all up because the first Muppet movie, which is the telling of  how the Muppets met each other.
 It's very much what I'm saying.
 They all have their own weird  performance ambitions and they group together and find the strength in numbers.
 And then it ends  with them getting this standard rich and famous contract from Orson Welles where they get to make  movies.
 And then the Muppet movie ends with them making the movie that is the story you just saw  of how they met, except the movie is also bookended by them arriving to a screening room on a back lot  where they're watching the movie they made.
 I forgot all that how many layers it is.
 It's  really dense and bizarrely dense for the Muppet movie.
 But like Kermit, Robin says the current  right before the movie starts.
 So is this really how things happen? And Kermit's like kind of pretty  much.
 Now I bring all this up because I've always fallen into the camp that Great Muppet Caper and  Muppet Stake Manhattan, which both have like different chronologies, right? In Great Muppet  Caper, Kermit and Fozzie are brothers.
 In Muppet Stake Manhattan, they all meet in college and then  move to New York together.
 Like there's always a reset of what's happening, like who they are and  why.
 And yeah, there's no like straight line.
 But that's because I do believe this was intentional  on their part.
 We're now seeing the movies that the Muppets make.
 Right.
 The Muppets are like  Hopin Crosby or whatever.
 Like they have their established personas and they're going to the  studio and going for this next movie.
 We want to go to New York.
 And then why they're allowed to  like turn to the camera any time and comment on how the movie's going.
 It's not Muppet movie and  Muppet show or maybe their reality and the other ones like Christmas Carol is not.
 They're putting  on a Christmas movie.
 It's OK.
 I think the Disney stuff is still getting a little bit wrong.
  Is they think the point is that they're Deadpool and the point isn't that they're Deadpool.
 The  point is we're watching things that they made for us.
 But yes, I don't think that the com the  comments to camera are egregious in this.
 I don't even strike me as like inappropriate.
 I don't  either.
 Like out of line with the rest of them.
 I don't either.
 I just think it's a little bit off.
  It's a little bit off from the sort of weird, vague, internalized rules of the thing for when  I think it works best.
 But when Henson dies and Jim Bryan Henson takes over and they do Christmas  Carol and Treasure Island and people are like, I don't want to see them playing these other  characters.
 It makes a lot of sense to me strategically in that moment because it's like,  well, we lost our captain.
 No one knows where to creatively steer these characters.
 We can map them  onto other stuff and it works because they're an acting troupe.
 This is just they're doing their  production of Dickens of Robert Louis Stevenson.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Let's not forget Muppets Wizard of  Oz.
 Right.
 With the Quentin Tarantino cameo.
 Is that right? Am I right? I believe it's a third  build cameo as himself.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 In keeping with the that's something Muppets  Haunted Mansion kept up, I think is the the bizarre unsorted array of celebrities like these are not  all the same type of celebrity remotely.
 Not exactly a who's who in Hollywood, more of a who cares.
  I mean, that's a real Muppet.
 That's a style.
  Or world.
 But then like Muppets Tonight is the same thing like, oh, that's real world logic.
  They're doing a show on ABC.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Muppets from Space, I think, is a weird like that's  ostensibly presenting the home life of the Muppets.
 That's my least favorite Muppet movie by like a  good margin.
 The Seagull movies were trying to reset it back to this is their reality.
  They're a sketch troop.
 We're now seeing movies about them trying to perform.
 Right.
 So that was  sort of once again, none of this.
 I don't want people to think I'm too hyper serious about this  shit.
 Right.
 But it's a thing I analyze in long emails.
 Absolutely.
 It's a thing I analyze in  terms of why I think sometimes the humor works better or doesn't.
 Right.
 Like you can play fast  and loose with these roles, however you want.
 But I think by and large, the Muppets work best if you  make that decision of are we seeing their reality or are they putting on a show or a production or  a movie for us? And this falls into that camp where it's kind of doing both at the same time.
  Like it's half doing this is the Muppets playing Haunted Mansion.
 Right.
 We're treating Haunted  Mansion like it's Christmas Carol.
 We're going to go through many of the beats of the ride,  many of the characters.
 Fozzie gets to be Hatbox Goat.
 What's the internal logic of that? I don't  know.
 That's good casting.
 Whatever.
 Right.
 But then half of it is this like this is the Muppets  reality.
 This is what they do in their downtime.
 They're throwing a Halloween party.
 Gonzo and  Pepe go off on this side adventure.
 I think it works.
 But there is part of me that wonders.
  And once again, I'm all for them just experimenting at this point and trying shit,  you know, and taking big swings or whatever.
 But there's a part of me that's like,  I could have watched an hour of this that was just them doing Haunted Mansion.
 That was just  the reality of Haunted Mansion going like beat for beat through the ride, treating it like  that's the classic text that these characters are playing.
 Which loses what? What do you think comes  out in that version? I think what comes out in that version is more of the sort of, how would I put it?  Like, I guess, I guess this is the thing for me.
 OK, the alternate, I guess, to this is you do the  Muppets do a Halloween themed special that takes place in the Haunted Mansion.
 And whatever happens  in whatever room is whatever happens.
 And you do more like the Muppets singing contemporary songs.
  And it's not as much about having a narrative over the course of an hour.
  You just do what's the funniest thing that could happen now? How do we build around these guest  stars we have? Develop things to their talents, whatever.
 And it's just like, that's the theming  of what is a variety special.
 They were like doing the Muppet show, but instead of their theater,  it's the mansion.
 Right, right.
 Versus this, which is sort of trying to do a mini truncated emotional  arc.
 Yeah, that's thrown away, I feel like.
 Which I think the problem is it just doesn't have enough  time to do it because they're not dealing with a movie length amount of time.
 And they're also  throwing in 30 minutes of like, let's get as many celebrities as we can in here.
 Let's do  dancing in the moonlight twice.
 Like, you know, this the balance of the things which I think  pretty much everything that happens in this is entertaining.
 Well, yeah, like how do you get  invested in like Gonzo's fears truly when like there's not that much time real estate? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And it's got a lot of different masters it wants to serve.
 Like you want to do this Gonzo  arc, you want to hit all the Haunted Mansion beats, you want to make sure you get all the big Muppets  in there for at least one sort of standout moment.
 You want original songs, you want them doing pop  covers, you want them doing grin and ghosts, you know? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's the big three.
  That I wrote that it's trying to do the Great MacGuffin story.
 It's trying to do  Haunted Mansion business, trying to do Muppet business.
 Right.
 And I don't think I could have  done without the Great MacGuffin story entirely.
 I thought it was funny when that even that there  was even the realization like, wait a minute, he's the Great MacGuffin.
 I was like, oh, you didn't  know that? I actually thought the characters did know that already.
 Why wouldn't they? Yeah.
 On the  poster.
 Yeah, pretty clearly.
 Yeah, not a huge success.
 But I guess, yeah, it's just that thing  of like, do you want the Muppets to put on a show for you or do you want the Muppets to tell you a  story? Right.
 That distinction makes any sense.
 Yeah.
 And this one's jumping back and forth  between the two.
 And it does both of them pretty well.
 But like, and it gets into personal  preference.
 Mike, you're saying I wish there was more dancing in the moonlight.
 Right.
 For you,  you'd probably like it more if they had more guests come on and do just like weird, spooky covers of  popular music.
 Well, yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to just be I guess I also mean, like, I just thought  it would be opened up a little more where it's like, maybe it's just a three minute sketch with  like Fozzie is the Hatbox ghost.
 And the head keeps popping into different spots.
 And they're like,  just like it is just a different pacing.
 And you can do whatever you want playing with it as opposed  to just going beat by beat of the ride.
 Right.
 That's them putting on a show for you.
 Yeah,  exactly.
 We're just going to give you maximum entertainment value.
 And that's the format in  which they have always used celebrities the best.
 Like, like play Jenny Lewis's head's gonna roll  or something.
 Right.
 And then it's a Hatbox ghost with the head rolling out.
 Perfect.
 Get her in  there.
 We everyone likes her.
 What an insane failure to not get gosling in this, right? I wonder  what's what happens to big of a star to be in a Muppet thing, though, I think like they're not  getting that level, like in any way, I would say yes, in general.
 But I also wonder,  did they talk themselves out of going to him and going like it's Muppet haunted mansion?  Like, I think that would be hard for him to turn down emotionally.
 Hmm.
 Yeah, I don't know status  is too big for it.
 Is he still he's not in the they're not they have not announced him for the  real movie.
 No, he's not in that.
 So it's not like he was holding out for that.
 No.
 I don't know.
  It's odd.
 I mean, it's just the devil's advocate thing, which is like, maybe we say we say it as  if it's like obvious that you kind of like what am I saying? Like the like there isn't a story  per se to the the haunted mansion there kind of is there's there's the bride and on constant  stature way and all that.
 But it's all still like mythology.
 That's like, if you know it and you  read about it, you know that there's there's kind of a story in a through line there.
 So maybe they  feel the pressure to make it turn into a little story because unlike Christmas Carol, it's not  like this is a famous clear story that we know very well.
 So we need to like provide our own  thing more just to give it momentum.
 I think, Scott, you're right that they did feel like,  oh, OK, we need some more firm story here, a to b story here.
 I think at times they may have  over complicated, like swung too far in the other direction where I was like, this is kind of a  complicated story for a 50 minute special.
 Yeah, I mean, Muppet Christmas Carol is like  a platonic ideal because you have a story that like everyone knows the fucking beats of so well  is so cleanly organized.
 Even if you are a small child, you've probably already seen three versions  of a Christmas Carol, you know? And so you don't have to be doing the story math.
 It's the fun of  watching how the Muppets map into that work their spin on things.
 Whereas this is a story that is  like pretty oblique that you have to be, say, a podcast that spends two hours every year only  covering one room of the ride.
 Correct.
 Right.
 To be having having done that, I'm still not even  confident what the story of the Haunted Mansion is.
 I also think there's this part of like,  not only do does Disney want the parks to be as much IP that people already love from movies and  TV and what have you, but they want to make the classic attractions into more standard IP at the  same time.
 I think so that when people go on the Jungle Cruise ride, it's now like the movie  rather than the movie necessarily being a thing that people love because of the ride.
  They want people to come at it from both ends.
 I think.
 Right.
 So I think this is also like,  oh, this is mutually beneficial.
 We're like Haunted Mansion boosts Muppets, Muppets boosts  Haunted Mansion.
 We try to get people a little more invested in the lore of this thing,  probably trying to tee things up for the new movie that they're getting ready to do,  just like getting Haunted Mansion iconography and beats and things back into like bigger  public consciousness.
 But it's an odd mesh of things, especially when you don't really know  where the story is going.
 Gonzo's arc is pretty separate from that.
 Like Pepe just gets caught  up in the Madame Liotta stuff.
 Right.
 So it's like he's playing to the sort of Haunted Mansion lore.
  And then Gonzo's thing is sort of removed from the Haunted Mansion, which is I felt like I needed  to go to the Haunted Mansion to prove that I'm this like daredevil.
 And what I realized at the  end of the day is what I actually my friends will like me no matter what.
 And I shouldn't spend this  much energy trying to impress them.
 And what I'm really scared of more than spending a night in a  haunted house is losing them.
 Which then gets back to it.
 Which then gets back to it.
 Which then gets back to it.
  Right.
 I mean, fuck.
 Highlighted the whole special for me.
 Old Gonzo puppets.
 Incredible.
  I think the fucking design of old Gonzo rules.
 It is so upsetting.
 It's so weird.
  Oh, God.
 That's what happens to him.
 He gets a shrivel up thin nose.
  His nose like shrills up.
  It's so weird.
  It's very impressive on a craft level.
 But yeah, it is upsetting.
 It worked.
 What they were trying  to do for me where I'm like, oh, no, my friend.
 Yeah, yeah, it did bother me.
 Yeah.
  This is what happened to Gonzo.
  It does work and it's intended purpose.
 But like, Scott, your your zoom background right now is the  Vincent Price Muppet Show episode.
 Which is one of the best in my mind.
 It's top three probably of  the Muppet Show.
 And that's one where they really go like Vincent Price is our host.
  Every sketch should be spooky.
 You know, we will do our classic like three minute like sketches.
  We will do some musical numbers with him.
 But everything should be through the Vincent Price  lens.
 And they're not really trying to like take you on a journey.
 You know, there is a sketch in  that that is I believe the setup is no, it's not it's not the this haunting thing or how some  haunted hill or whatever.
 But it is they get sent to a mansion.
 It's the sketch that's your  background picture right now where it's like Kermit and Fozzie are going to this haunted  mansion.
 I think it's because the uncle left it for them or whatever.
 And then they realize this,  you know, scary vampire man lives there.
  I recall Vincent Price on the Brady Winsh variety hour is stronger in my brain right now.
  I also don't remember the premise of that besides him being scary.
  It's a great episode.
 But it's a similar like can we survive spending the night at the spooky  house at the type of a hill, but they just do it as a sketch.
 It's three minutes and they're  gags and then it ends and then he comes out and sings.
 You got a friend, you know.
  Yeah, it's I mean, everything these days, you know, is arc this arc journey that for the  characters, you know, if you've been in these high level meetings with TV executives.
  And it's like, yeah, sometimes it's like it's just better to goof around.
 It doesn't even,  you're forcing too much when it's like, well, what does Pepe go through in this  Muppets haunted mansion film? Like I can imagine that there were notes like that.
  But like the Pepe arc for me is good, which is just Pepe's really fucking horny.
  Yes, that's true.
  He's really horny and he's got a big ego.
 Like there's no arc.
 He gets himself into sticky  situations, you know, which I think is better for something that's going to be under an hour.
  The Gonzo arc only underwhelms for me because there is just not enough time.
  There's not enough time.
 If they had done this existential arc, like a Pixar  arc is what they're trying in seven minutes.
 But Pepe, it's like you have multiple beats of like  he wants to find the famous person room, right? He believes there has to be a room for people  like him who are more famous.
 John Stamos is there.
 John Stamos is a monster.
 What does he want?  He wants someone to recognize that he's a king prawn and make him feel like a big guy.
  Leota does that.
 He almost marries Leo.
 You know, it's like just get him caught up in in  the trappings of his own hubris.
  You're talking about the bride, Constance Hatchaway, not Madame Leota.
  Oh, yes, I'm sorry.
 Yeah, not Leota.
  I hate to be a Mr.
 Correction here.
  I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
  Just saying.
  Taraji P.
  Taraji P.
  Taraji P.
  Taraji P.
  Taraji P.
  Terrific on Empire.
 She was on Person of Interest for years.
  Didn't you just trash all the guest stars, Jason?  I think she's my favorite.
 I think she was the one I was like, oh, cool.
 They got Taraji P.
 Hinton.
  She also gets to do like a real thing.
 You know, she gets to do stuff.
  Arnett.
 Right.
  Like Ed Asner, Ed Asner shows up.
 They were touting this as Ed Asner's like maybe his last  role and he's just like in two shots like as a ghost.
  He's dead.
 He's dead.
  Yeah, he is a bust, right? He's among the bus.
  No, he's one of the great.
  Oh, he's a ghost.
 OK, OK.
  In that sequence, Pat Sajak is a bust.
  The bus are so poorly executed.
 I don't know what went wrong here.
  Because practically, I guess, makeup.
  Well, but then they're like mapping the faces digitally onto it, because at the end,  when everyone's singing, dancing in the moonlight, you see like  Pat Sajak just sitting in isolation with the makeup on.
 Right.
  Like clearly he went to some studio and they shot him in a close up.
  But the way they like whatever it is, like rotoscope them onto the bus,  they all look fucking strange.
  Like none of them really look like themselves.
  And you know what I think is really making me, you know why I'm given this,  the benefit of the doubt in a lot of ways.
  And I don't know if Mike or Jason, if you feel similar,  we for the show not too long ago covered the Eddie Murphy movie.
  And I don't know if you've had the pleasure, Griffin, in the recent past.
  But I think with that slightly fresh in my memory, I'm like,  Muppets Haunted Mansion.
 Love it.
 Love it.
 Perfect.
 Comparatively.
  It goes to the rooms.
 There's the guy.
  I know that box goes and that's a better leota to me.
  I like I think I'm I'm still haunted by the Eddie Murphy movie.
  It doesn't how much they got wrong.
  And I just keep going like like the you know, I think you're right about the bus,  but I'm like, it's better than other bus.
  To share a CGI bus.
  They share an ending.
 They share the ending of driving away from the Haunted Mansion.
  That's true.
  And that's what you want to do, I guess.
  The little nod.
  I guess I want to drive away.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I've been focusing on some more of my gripes and I'm more just trying to parse  things.
 I will say like to shift gears.
  This is the root of what I think fundamentally works best about this thing.
  The two main characters in this are Pepe and Gonzo.
  They are the two biggest characters within the Muppets stable  who are still played by the original people who created them.
  Yes, it is a very strategic choice.
  And I'm realizing only now in retrospect that I think that is also why Gonzo and Rizzo  became so pivotal in the 90s that you have them as sort of the people carrying you through,  you know, not that there were still other Muppet performers alive at that point in time.
  But Frank Oz was getting less and less involved because he had his own career.
  And that takes out Fozzie and Piggy.
  He's maybe going to work less days or with those movies, he started to just  dub his voices in post a little bit, you know?  Oh, okay.
  Okay.
  And so much of the Frank Oz characters were almost always part of a comedy duo with a  Henson character.
  Yeah, you know all that out.
  That's really how much and on Sesame Street, too.
  It is like this is a Bert Nerney, a two-hander, literally with hands with these two performers.
  Yes.
  So I think they created a new two-hander, which is Gonzo and Rizzo will match.
  Whitmire does Rizzo.
  He's now the top guy here, but he's got more agency over his Rizzo than he does his Kermit.
  And Gonzo is Goles, who's got the seniority and was always sort of his own oddball off  by his lonesome, right?  So you can give him a new dynamic that doesn't feel like a pale version of what the old dynamic  was.
  And Whitmire's gone now.
  So Pepe, who has increasingly been the only new character created over the last  30 years that's stuck, really,  really, it keeps on getting upped and upped and upped and was sort of like knocked back down in  the Seagull movies because Seagull had no nostalgia for him.
  But I think Pepe is funny.
  And the main reason Pepe is funny is because it is Bill Beretta developed this character  in real time over a course of projects, found this voice and like owns it and can improvise  in it and can write jokes for this character, feels comfortable with it.
  You know, he's playing with his friends.
  It doesn't feel there's not the burden of how do I make this feel like what Jim did or what Frank  did or what Hunt did or Nelson did, you know?  And there's very, yeah, success with all the other characters.
  Like I still I'm not used to that Kermit voice.
  I'm sorry.
  It's getting better, but it's still weird.
  And I think it does not have enough energy to it yet.
  I think there was the complaint that Whitmire's Kermit got too sad, sacky, which I love sad  Muppets.
  So that was never really a big problem for me.
  I think they're making a concentrated effort to make him less downtrodden.
  But when you do that, you have to replace it with what Kermit used to have, which was  people think about the sort of status quo like I'm Kermit, I'm just affable sort of  mode.
 But a lot of it is him being so fucking stressed out.
  Most of Kermit's comedy comes from him being under the thumb and being so beholden to these  people he loves who are constantly driving him crazy.
  And he's desperately trying to like retain control of the ship.
  And he's Kermit's just a load.
  Right.
 He's just a little too mellow now.
  The voice is still off.
  It's getting better, but they need to get a little more.
  It's like Mickey.
  Like Mickey got so neutered for a while.
  And now Mickey's back to being kind of like crazed.
  Yeah.
 Here's what I mean.
  Look, this I have the solve for this problem.
  And I've said it before.
  Change the look of the puppets.
  Change the face of the puppet because it doesn't make sense to me a different voice  coming out of that head.
  It's like if Jimmy Stewart were still acting, but it was a different voice.
  And the puppets evolved like a lot over the first 15 years.
  If you look at the chronology of like Fozzie and Gonzo and Piggy and Kermit all go through  like multiple iterations and then they've pretty much been frozen in amber since like  1987.
  I would say.
  It's time to evolve the puppets.
  Do you like remember when that concept art leaked of like extreme looney tunes?  The lunatics.
  They're all the yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The lunatics.
  Yeah.
  That's what you want.
  Then I just want to remind you they did two full seasons of that show.
  I said that as if like that was like it like happened to get out and then they killed the  entire thing.
  That's the cultural memory of it of like, oh, and the feedback was so bad, they killed it.
  No, they just did like 30 episodes of it.
  No, if memory serves visual memory serves after those first pictures leaked, when the  show eventually premiered, they had given them a little more people.
  So it wasn't just totally like white intense eyes like they saw them in them a little.
  They soften them a little, but there were there were 26 episodes I'm seeing here of  lunatics unleashed.
  Yes.
  Lunatics unleashed.
  So you want you want muppet tics?  The muppets don't have to be unleashed.
  I'm not saying they have to be unleashed.
  I'm just saying that, you know, like Mickey changes his look over the years, the muppets  have stayed the same.
  So now when the performers change, your brain just doesn't it doesn't make sense unless  it's a character that was maybe like organically developed by the person that's actually doing  the voice.
  I change Kermit's eyes, his nose.
  I don't care.
  Do you mean give him a nose up?  Make him giant.
  Grow him twice the size.
  Make Kermit huge.
  He's as big as what's his what's his name?  Sweetums.
  Thank you.
  Oh, okay.
  Big Bird and Sweetums.
  I do think this special comes up with a good solution, though, which is like maybe you  give piggy one scene, you give Fozzie one scene, you essentially give Kermit one scene.
  But we can't do that forever.
  No, no, but for the time being, and if you're doing things like this, if you're doing just  sort of like sub hour long specials and your job is just to give us a fun time, you know,  maybe let's keep on getting more.
  Yeah, don't let the don't give people enough time to notice.
  Look, they're they're failing on this point.
  Like I was thinking how.
  But I'm saying this is a positive that this special I think balances it.
  I want to make clear it's not a gripe.
  It hides the weaknesses.
  And it gives us the most of the characters who have the most comedic juice in them right  now, which I think is the right approach.
  They get more to do.
  The other ones get quick hits like that.
  And they're going to like now Fozzie.
  I don't know.
  I don't know the situation with Fozzie.
  And I think that voice is pretty great.
  It's good.
  I think he's the best of the of the newer guys.
  I want to say his name is Eric Jacobson, who does pretty much all the Oz characters,  does Fozzie and Pimp.
  He's been around for a long time.
  Yeah, and those are bad.
  That doesn't like mess with my brain like Kermit does.
  This is I'm having this struggle over on Sesame Street.
  This is all reminded me I'm watching a lot of Sesame Street with the kid.
  And everybody works pretty well for me, even the characters who there's been turnover.
  And then Big Bird is a struggle.
  And now I have learned that Big Bird is the same as Kermit.
  So I am I guess my gripes with this person, unfortunately.
  And I don't like saying that, but everything we're saying about Kermit being a sad sack.
  This is exactly how I've described Big Bird.
  There is this segment where Big Bird meets different friends across America  with a Dave Grohl penned theme song and song initially.
  But of course, but there's this like it's just like he's just got this energy now  and it's kind of like that Kermit and I like he meets some kid and then says like,  hey, I'm here with Erica.
  How so do you live in a house or an apartment?  He's like this like pest.
  He's like a love it.
  See pest who asks like really dry questions like that.
  Like what are the HOA fees on that thing?  You're getting a deal in there.
  I think this Big Bird is so sad.
  Change Big Bird, the look of the puppet, change the look of the suit, make Big Bird smaller now.
  Or medium, make him the depressed blue Big Bird from follow.
  No, I can't.
  The most nightmare symmetry of all time.
  I want to so I'm just I was double checking my facts here.
  Jacobson has been essentially slowly taking over all the Oz characters over the last 20 years.
  Right.
  So he does piggy, Fozzie, animal, Sam the Eagle, the four big Oz characters with improper muppets.
  He's also now Burton Grover on Sesame Street, who were the two big Oz characters.
  They are.
  They're good.
  I don't even I don't notice.
  I know it's a different guy, but Grover is exactly what Grover was.
  And he's Oscar as well.
  I think he does these voice matches very, very well.
  And I think he physically performs the character as well.
  Vogel, I just want to say in his defense, I think as they've been pushing him into the legacy roles  and he has to match your sort of mind's eye memory of what the thing is, those ones struggle.
  But I contend Constantine and Muppets Most Wanted, which he played, who is the fake Kermit,  most known now for memes, is the best original character they've created since Jim Henson died.
  I think that is the funniest performance in any Muppet movie since Henson died.
  That's what's encouraging to me about him is I think he has the right spirit.
  I think maybe he feels a little burdened by taking on these other characters.
  Well, how would you do it?  Right.
  Constantine's an open playing field for him.
  And that character is so much fucking fun.
  He does, I'm looking, he does Uncle Deadly too, which I've always liked Uncle Deadly a lot.
  And he does, I still like Uncle Deadly.
  Who is that?  There's less, Uncle Deadly is.
.
.
  He's the guy behind you, Scott.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that like creepy, he looks like the SNL Muppet character.
  Yeah, he's like blue, yeah.
  I never knew his name.
  He's like a skeg.
  But yes, I think there's.
.
.
  He's apparently the Count and the Count is good.
  The Count is like a voice match, essentially.
  Unless I'm wrong about it being the Count.
  Oh, Vogel is the Count.
  Yeah, no, I think that's it.
  I believe so.
  So that one he nailed, yeah.
  Okay.
  I think it's unfortunate that maybe they.
.
.
  It's like if everybody else changed more, we wouldn't expect it to be a match.
  We would be like Kermit and Big Bird wouldn't be jumping out in the way that they are to people.
  I don't even like that I have this opinion and I'm saying it because it feels like kind of a standard.
.
.
  It feels like I'm saying, I don't like the new one because it's different guys.
  But again, unfortunately, when you have Erik Jacobson matching, it's so perfect.
  It's almost like it needs to be more like the way Mystery Science Theater in the new  iteration has just said, like, all right, totally different.
  I'm not even trying to do the same.
  It's like they need to decide that or it has to be match and it's either.
.
.
  Look, the rest of them do not have a substantive part.
  Some of them are only visual and other ones pretty much get like a quick gag.
  But I do think it is interesting.
  They bring back a lot of Muppets Tonight characters in this who have not really existed  for the last 20 years.
  Johnny Fiamma, who's got a quick beat as like a couple one liners as one of the bride's ex  husbands.
  And he's the sort of Sinatra-y Tony Bennett.
  He's funny.
  I like him.
  Yeah, he's funny.
  He's really funny.
  And he was like a big breakout on Muppets Tonight in the mid 90s.
  And then they kind of never really used him again.
  He's got his monkey sidekick, Sal Manila, who is the one  character that Brian Henson played in this, who's now sort of, I think, largely stepped back  from doing the Muppets stuff.
  Hands on, right.
  Right.
  But Beretta is Pepe.
  He's Johnny Fiamma.
  He is Bobo the Bear, who still gets a lot of play, is another sort of 90s Muppet who stuck around.
  And Beretta co-wrote this.
  It's really kind of him and Kirk Thatcher are like, it seems the two main creative forces  behind this.
  I think Beretta's got the best grasp on Muppet humor right now and is able to create new  characters that feel like they fit into the firmament.
  That having been said, they really haven't let him create new characters since the mid 90s.
  Like, I think his 90s characters are the ones that have remained in rotation and they're  even put slightly more in prominence in this, which feels like a correct judgment to me,  but also a real argument for maybe let people do this again.
  Yeah, I like the 90s show a lot.
  I remember watching it when I was on.
  I don't think it's on Disney Plus yet.
  Is that right?  It's not.
  We did a whole George Lucas talk show marathon for it, like a charity fundraiser marathon,  where we watched all of it and someone uploaded all of the episodes to YouTube.
  I don't know if they're still there, but you might be able to find a YouTube account that  has every episode of Muppets Tonight in order in reasonable quality.
  And we interviewed a lot of them about it and it sounded like much like the Muppet show taking  several years to end up on Disney Plus.
  The music rights are just a fucking nightmare.
  Yeah, Muppets Tonight was lower priority for them, but in theory, they're maybe working on it,  working towards it.
  I mean, there's like, have you ever seen the Prince episode of Muppets Tonight?  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, Mike, I'm sure you know that.
  That's one character they didn't bring back was Cynthia,  technically from the song Starfish and Coffee, who realized as a puppet finally,  and a wonderful seek boy is that watching Prince in a psychedelic Muppet music video in the 90s,  besides him doing comedy, which obviously in the maybe only setting where he ever did comedy  and played a character and wore a hat, it's unbelievable.
  But the music segments are great.
  What was he on an episode of the new girl because they love the new girl?  He does.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But he's him.
  He's not doing like a routine, you know, the comedy comes off of him reacting,  everyone reacting off of him.
  Muppets Tonight, he's doing bits.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah, that's why.
  I don't know.
  Does anyone know how that happened?  Did you talk to them about that?  Seems like the most like outside the box.
  How is that?  How is that the one thing that's ever gotten Prince to do?  I mean, this is like fucking covid brain sieve.
  I absolutely heard a 40 minute story about how it happened and I have zero retention.
  I have been curious about my entire life.
  I got to hear fucking Brian Henson explain to me  and you could tell me anything happened and I have no memory of it.
  Is that uploaded?  It is.
  Yeah, no, our whole ball was that then and the audience should as well.
  Prince also showed up at the Today Show dressed like Brian Gumbel when Brian Gumbel left.
  Oh, yeah, that's right.
  That's Prince in a costume.
  That was Prince.
  I guess I want Prince and he didn't wear it.
  Well, you wore a lot of different wardrobe, but you know what I mean?  Costumes.
  This is another thing I want to quickly throw out in terms of this thing being neither fish nor fowl.
  But once again, good.
  It's just stuck between a couple weird pillars of like representing  where the Muppets are now in the ether of the Disney system.
  They almost made a movie in the late 90s that I believe was going to be called Muppet Haunted.
  House.
  That was there was sort of a bake off.
  The Disney deal had ended with Treasure Island and Sony was going to make two Muppet movies  at the same time and they were going to make the Elm on Grouchland movie and whatever the  proper Muppet movie was because one of the Henson daughters had then become the president  of production at Columbia Pictures.
  So there was like a two movie deal that we're going to shoot the two movies in the same city  at the same time and it was the bake off between Muppets from Space, which I think originally  started out as Muppets in Space.
  We send them to space and then they were like cheaper if three Muppets come to Earth.
  And then the other idea was this haunted house idea that I think would have been plot wise pretty  similar to this of the Muppets accept a challenge to they'll get a million dollars if they stay in  a house overnight.
  I mean there was like probably they need the money to save the theater, whatever it is.
  But the idea was Muppets have to spend the night in a haunted house surviving monsters.
  There was also when Henson died and Brian Henson was trying to figure out what to do  with the characters and you know the Disney deal had fallen through but they were still  working with Disney.
  He said like I think we're going to do more TV specials while we wait to figure out how  to put them back in movies and they announced a Halloween special that never happened.
  So there's been this like lingering thing and then the early 2000s this is what I was  looking for to make my zoom background.
  There was a PlayStation game called Muppet Monster Mayhem.
  I want to say that was a similar thing where all the Muppets get turned into monsters and  they go to a haunted house and you play as Robin and you have to like un-game.
  Convert them and Kermit is like the creature from the Black Lagoon and Fozzie is Frankenstein  and Clifford is Dracula.
  It's like a fun ass game that most notably I think is maybe the first music credit for  Michael Giacchino.
  Wow crazy.
  You read the reviews of the game and they're all like what the what this score is bizarrely good.
  Well hey if anyone's looking for some more angular Muppets I'm assuming  direct to PlayStation 1 video game you're going to get some angles on that baby.
  I'm gonna have them look like the PlayStation.
  Some different Muppets.
  Just look at the game and match that design.
  That's the solution to the logo problem.
  I'm gonna send the image to you guys because this is what I was trying to make my background  but it is bizarre to look at now.
  Zoom wouldn't let you.
  It was too strange to know projectives.
  It's called Muppet Monster Adventure sorry not Mayhem.
  I've never seen this.
  It's weird right?  Yeah wow that's crazy.
  I've never heard of this.
  I got it wrong.
  Also the mapping of which Muppet is which monster is different on the cover of the game which is  photos of puppets than it is the actual in-game renders.
  But Fozzie is the werewolf.
  Gonzo is Dracula.
  Kermit's Frankenstein.
  Piggy's the Bride.
  Clifford is the creature from the Black Lagoon.
  Wow can I play I'll put this up on the screen for you while you talk to.
  I've been trying to get a copy of it and it's very expensive on eBay now but they've been  toying around with making a Muppet Monster thing.
  Oh yes Mike found a playthrough here.
  Yikes.
  Whoa baby these are some angular Muppets.
  Queen polygons.
  Can you scrub ahead to when there's like monsters on screen Mike?  Beaker actually looks perfect.
  Beaker does not look that different.
  Oh Pepe looks good too.
  Yeah they're both angular in terms of designs I think to begin with.
  Yeah.
  Oh wow.
  Very odd.
  Detailed gameplay.
  But the point is internally you know especially people like Beretta and Thatcher who have been  doing Muppet stuff for the last 30 years you know have stayed invested in all of this.
  There was always this internal push of like can we finally do the Muppet Monster thing.
  So I think this ending up as a haunted mansion thing was like that finally was  the hook that got the green light of like what if we take everything we wanted to do  with Muppets Monsters staying in a haunted house overnight and map it onto this property  you guys already have that you want people to get re-familiarized with before we release  a 200 million dollar movie or whatever.
  So I think part of the weird like this special is doing eight things at the same time is probably  that we're seeing vestiges of like different ideas that have happened over the course of  three decades.
  All the other well the director I saw an interview with the Kirk Thatcher is the name of the  director.
  He said this has been a passion project for him specifically and that this is the  fifth iteration of a Muppet Halloween thing that he himself has attempted.
  Wow.
  A little bit before him or concurrent with him.
  I think he's been.
  So it took that push of the Disney property I think to and somewhere to put it that being  Disney Plus because like where else what would have been the home for this before.
  I believe he was the main force behind every version I just mentioned that he has been the  one guy pushing this uphill for 30 years and it was always like we're in between doing the  monster thing or the other thing and they always go with the other thing.
  On the directorial front I think this thing looks fantastic.
  I like that it's so it's all it's all digital sets apparently it's like entirely.
  Yeah.
  It's like I didn't know what set right.
  Is that that that I think it's that thing.
  Yeah it's crazy screened but but projected in this photo real way.
  Is that what I forgot the Dr.
  Honeydew is the Phantom of the Opera in this.
  Oh yeah yeah I'll play it after but Mike's now pulled up.
  Yeah yeah because I think it's the Mandalorian thing which if you haven't seen that feature  at it's insane it's this giant like soundstage with this massive screen where you can basically  real time render graphics behind you and it doesn't give you the same like weird green  screen effect where you can kind of like the shadows aren't as weird because you can actually  have depth to like your background and your actor.
  You can light it more.
  You can light it better and more.
  By the the room that they're in I mean I don't think I knew that it was all digital and which  is it's all like like I'm especially impressed because they are in some cases a lot of it is  not meant to look like the Haunted Mansion ride exactly but some of it is and some of it sure  does those parts look right on to the point like where I even I didn't really think they filmed it  in the the ride because you know that's probably not possible but like I don't know it's just a  lot of it looks like real locations to me so I'm impressed by the digital nature of it.
  I think the locations look good in terms of how they're rendered like I think the mansion looks  great.
  I do feel like I can always tell when there's a lot of digital shit involved with the Muppets  who are obviously so tactile you know and that the Muppets have always been confined to  the practical reality of shooting a thing with both puppets and human beings like  having to build these odd sets that have multi-layers you know and how much they can  move within any given shot and you can move the camera without revealing that the floor doesn't  exist and all that stuff like there's a fluidity to this that I don't want to be a fucking grump  about but I can like tell that it's just like well now it's just a bunch of guys standing in front of  a green screen and the Muppets can do whatever they want you know.
  You want it to be more of a pain in the ass.
  This is the thing I like I'm trying to parse how much of this is me just being  a traditionalist about shit and I should just get over myself but I do think  the problem solving of it being difficult you can kind of feel it sometimes a little bit of this  feels lightweight for me in terms of performance I'm sure everyone slept better  they had much better posture at the end of this shoot you know like I don't want to  argue for back breaking production for Muppet things if they figured a technological breakthrough.
  Maybe you don't end up with like the cleverness of I think the sequences where you just you end up  watching and even if you aren't aware that there's some hidden thing or like something  complex about the setup yeah yeah I just saw behind the scenes of Muppets take Manhattan and  just like all the stuff you're thinking about how to get everybody crouched down and I always  real world locations I talk about this all the time but like as a kid I remember seeing one of  those behind the scenes Muppet take Manhattan things from the time it came out or it was some  larger making Muppet special that had clips from that in it but this is my very distinct memory of  the first time I like understood like filmmaking as a thing and like you know because I watched the  Muppets I'd just be like well they just show up in a theater and everyone comes and sings and dances  with them like I knew they were puppets but I sort of bought the Muppet sales pitch on how show  business works where it's like well you just show up and do it it's fun everyone's like you know  whatever and there's there's it might be the same thing you saw Scott but there's like a clip I  remember vividly of showing a scene where Kermit and Piggy are in an apartment on a couch talking  and then they call cut and they cut from the proper movie footage to like you know the B camera  behind the scenes the camera that was rolling on set and they take out the couch cushions and you  realize oh this is not a real couch it's carved out and essentially the two of them are sitting  sideways in fetal position inside this hollowed out couch sticking their arm up playing this  romantic scene with each other and I had this thought of just like wow like these two guys are  doing what looks like the least comfortable thing in the world so that I a small child can enjoy it  and never think about how difficult it is because the scene is not the Muppets riding bikes it's  not you know Piggy doing like an Esther Williams swim number like all these things that do feel  like crazy special effects it's the two of them on a couch in a wide shot you know and there's  a little bit of that I think I want people to have less abusive times producing content right and I  hate that I just use the word content there but making movies and tv show without suffering  a horrible psychological and physical pain a thing that is constantly being having to be fought for  in an industry that does not protect people but especially like second class like puppeteers not  often given proper respect are not treated like actors yeah and I think Disney in particular when  Henson himself was producing the thing there's the story I've always heard that's like it's so  telling about Jim Henson where whenever they would do a shoot right and they're working with  a crew who maybe does not usually work with puppets and you have all these like tough six foot five  300 pound like grips and shit right who are like I don't know some fucking puppet movie or whatever  and on the first day he'd go like um can I have everyone's attention  would everyone try just holding your hand above your head for 30 seconds and everyone would do it  and they do it for 30 seconds and by the end of it everyone's arm would be sore and he was like  so that's what the puppeteers are going through all the time all day every scene keep that in  mind let's be really considerate of their time and you know make sure we're ready and that  everything's on point for when they're going to shoot something um I think he was a guy who was  really good at taking care of people uh and then I think there's a little bit of Disney taking over  and being like well do the puppet thing yeah right sure and if the puppet thing is easier by  doing it digitally then then do it that way but I think you miss a little bit of creativity that  comes out of that I also think and it's like I I'm happy they film this the way they did if  only for COVID reasons right I'm like this seems like this was a pretty safe and easy shoot to do  oh yeah probably yeah you can bubble this thing people have small appearances whatever it is like  that's nice um the fact that you have so many ghosts as well means you have so many muppets  who are like composited on top of an image that's already a virtual set and so you have like muppets  floating around with weird filters on them which starts to make them feel less tangible to me  but it's a very digital feeling I like this special I just keep focusing on my gripes because  I'm but the pain and suffering of the puppet about muppets yeah let's make let's be honest  it makes it better when the puppeteers suffer we get some of their life force I'm not joking  it does it's true it's true it's true it's true it's true I think there's a balance that can be  achieved between the two and I think this is maybe swinging because they got shining technology and  also you're producing this during a pandemic this swung towards the most safe comfortable way of  doing things and I think the best reality is probably a hybrid of the two yeah I I let me say  some stuff I like about it I like piggy being leota per se I think you want that it's like well  you want to see miss piggy in the book I like rolf playing the organ we don't see him that much  there's also a scooter appearance early on I feel like these guys fall back by the wayside yeah um  what's the I like muppet ghosts like I the the ghosts of Christmas past in muppets Christmas  Carol is such an odd film thing and I like the ghosts in the Darren Criss musical number  the muppet goats that kind of float above everyone the classic sort of muppet like  bed sheet yeah like a bed sheet but I also I like those two muppets who are sort of the lackeys to  Will Arnett there's like the skeleton and the the other sort of like mummy sort of muppet the ones  who get angry about not going to do dun dun dun right right I think they're fun too I like Walter  being one of the dead groups that was such a weird choice that Walter is in it and never  acknowledged but he is one of the groups back Walter is back I am a rare Walter apologist but  it is funny that Disney is like we're we are never going to admit this didn't work  like no longer at the center of the picture but we're gonna make sure he makes at least one  physical appearance in every production because god damn it we're not apologizing for Walter  never surrender yeah but no Denise I said that before we started that's my background  Kermit's girlfriend on the muppets ABC Big Bang show the one in which he was  piggy break up Denise is not you know a ghost did that Denise can go fuck herself for all I'm  concerned okay I feel like almost nothing ever needs to be acknowledged from that series  there's like there's like one person who you've angered with that exactly one yeah yeah they are  or soon yeah they're subscribers absolutely probably I'm with you they did Denise dirty  we like Denise on this pot of this patreon so don't you take that legally speaking I like Denise  okay there I've said it on the record and don't uh they don't go to the gripes yeah no there is  a character in this who I don't think has a line and I even had to dig to remind myself who he was  but he's sort of like a muppet with like an egg head and like wild eyes and little glasses and  little curly hair on top I'm gonna send you a picture of this guy but he I realized is from  the Jim Henson hour which is like the the least loved muppet show and the last tv show that  Henson worked on and other thing that Waldo was on Waldo yes Waldo right right and Clifford  Clifford's the only character from Jim Henson hour who stuck around in any way but Chip is just a  funny looking puppet I think he was like tech support or he worked in like the the circuit  room of the television network and Jim Henson our yeah yeah yeah he's this guy yeah he's cool  looking and now they've just started bringing him back a lot and sometimes they give him a line  sometimes they don't but I just think he's got fun energy he does have fun energy I mean I I think  I you can feel it them being like well let's go through and feel like what excites us maybe more  yeah which is like good I mean that's maybe like what Griffin what you're saying is obviously kill  off the legacy characters permanently and and just have the fun newer characters or the characters  that everybody likes more you want them all gone you don't want you don't want Kermit that's your  solution is no Kermit no Kermit is dead don't even change his nose just kill him you know  Mike is pro Kermit is is we retire we have the memories we have the movies Kermit did not come  back from the Thanos snap Kermit was the one yeah there were like a hundred people that didn't come  back from the snap when they returned and Kermit was one of them yeah they wanted them yeah Black  Widow they got an alternate Gamora no alternate Kermit so here's the thing I love they do in when  you get to the uh you guys are about to get angry at me for saying the wrong thing but like the the  ballroom sequence what's the main sort of room yeah the ballroom you're right okay okay when you  get to the ballroom sequence and they sort of transition into doing a Halloween themed  version of at the dance which is one of my favorite Muppet Show runners which was just I think it's  only in season one or maybe they do it through season two but it was just uh they'd cut to a  nondescript ballroom and it would be Muppets and twos dancing around and then two of the partners  would come up closer to camera and would have like a three line back and forth joke set up punch line  and then it goes to the next couple on the dance floor and they sort of do that here it's a very  classical Muppet sort of like vaudevillie comic premise of just like what are sort of like  three panel comic strip wordplay gags you can do and I like that they repurpose that here within  the theme it's fun that then Stalart and Waldorf are like heckling those very jokes and doing it  from a doom buggy like I think there's smart integration of both historical Muppet comedy  stuff and the the the important tenets of uh Haunted Mansion yeah the safety announcement  got yes the sudden then that they consider that part of that is fun yeah or that's which it is  true like the way that that safety announcement is I don't know if we've even mentioned it  in our many Haunted Mansion episodes but there it is like iconic in a way it made me laugh yeah Scott  you're right we have to go back and talk a little bit more about that yeah we got a lot of good  so I just keep moving takes up this year I'd say hey I don't know uh settled it's adjacent um the  very weird choice though at the very end there's a tag with Stalart and Waldorf moving like you move  uh with the ghost will follow you home sequence and a ghost does not follow them home which I'm  only like oh that's strange because the doom buggy is moving exactly in the fashion that like  another month does not appear in the doom buggy well and then the final gag of this is the hitch  hiking ghost showing up in the back of the car right but not Muppet versions of them right they're  the real ones right that's odd yeah I kind of would have preferred if they were Muppety yeah  yeah I I mean I also kind of if I'm getting into really nitpicky gripes I almost would rather have  seen the hatbox ghost himself and not maybe he could have had a Fozzie like kind of cousin  to him I mean this is where you get into this thing of like should it be the Muppets are all  themselves they go through the Haunted Mansion and everything is the real version of the Haunted  Mansion right like you can you can hire Taraji to play the bride but the second pickies Lyoda  you're doing a mapping game right versus do you want to just do an earnest telling of whatever  the Haunted Mansion mythology is and have everyone play those parts fully right I mean I I acknowledge  that maybe people have more affection for Kermit and Fozzie than the hatbox ghost or one of the  waltzing ghosts well no chip everyone likes chip everyone likes chip but I'm just saying yeah me  personally I kind of was like once I would once at the end there and I was like oh you can do  just the real ghosts I kind of was a little bit like oh man wish we could have seen that  hatbox ghost the real one not the Fozzie Bear Lumps then go to the ride why are you watching a Muppet one if we're not going to do a Muppet one  well I'm saying like you could have Fozzie and the real one you know I'm saying I'd like to see the meat  I'd like to see the meat I think what Mike is is saying Scott that the hatbox ghost should be treated  as the Michael Caine of this special that you need one heavyweight actor like the hatbox ghost he's the star of the Haunted Mansion  to bring the gravitas yes and then everyone else is a Muppet around him yeah exactly so like having a few of the ghosts  be the original ghosts with the Muppets I think would have been nice but again I will say though  I would we're picking nits I will say and I only feel comfortable picking this main nits because I  feel like this has been overwhelmingly well received um and I mean I like a lot of it  until now no I like it in general I really enjoyed myself watching it yeah every all culture now is  yeah it's fine yeah it's fine it's all right yeah I know that's true that is the highest height most  things it's into yeah it's been two years since Parasite maybe feel something so um looking for  maybe something else will come back right is is everything worse are my feelings dead after the  last two years probably column a and column b I've lost the ability to love uh my brain was broken by  this pandemic uh Mike I was just gonna say uh as much as I agree with what you're saying  hatbox fozzie looks pretty fucking cool like I do like the design of I like fozzie with teeth  I like this weird green fozzie with wild eyes I kept on thinking I'd love a little hatbox fozzie  on my desk like I want sure Muppet hunted mansion merch well that's what I don't know why you do any  real ones because like the only I think the biggest success of this is just like hey look it's miss  piggy as madam leota hey look it's fozzie as the hatbox oh look it's sam the eagle as the dueling  painting um it's almost like this thing works like it works in the same way on twitter with  released images as it does the actual special itself um and I but I say that like even though  I do like the things that they do I do then like the moments they have in the dialogue  that they have you're seeing this would work out just as well as a series of photos  I praise yes Scott is arguing for a flip book only release right basically equally as entertaining  no I'm saying I like the three lines that they all say once they're in the costume got it got it  but I'm also what I'm arguing for and tell like I don't know tell me guys if you think is the  craziest idea you've ever heard but I just had this idea like what if you took a movie right  and you remade it right and you uh took only took one actor from the original movie and they say  the same wait for it okay all the rest are muppets wait what is that the craziest I'm like I'm out of  my mind right but imagine that just like pick any movie that you can think of like I don't know  network yeah faye done away stays and the rest are muppets wait use me wait a second  it who's mad man carrying the zoom off right now are you saying like am I offending you  and let me try this like maybe I'm busting open your ideas of cinema let me try this as a thought  experiment okay so what you're saying is something like if I picked Muppet Treasure Island and I kept  Tim Curry but everyone else was a muppet everybody else a muppet yeah that one kid the other human  character is now a muppet what's your muppet now sorry your chip now  you're a man you're a wild man griffin just like me the critics some of the craziest content ideas  you're wild for me here's a question for you guys yes in my in my heart of hearts what I want most  is for the muppets to just do a variety show again right I've said this as many times as I can on the  18 000 times I've appeared on podcasts to talk about them you will again when you're asked to  again absolutely um I have heard even recent rumblings that like very well established people  are going to Disney and going like what if I produce this please uh and the pitch is just  let's do the muppet show again like it feels like there is more and more of a push that maybe  something will come soon or maybe it won't I don't know that's the thing I'd like to see them do most  I think that's the format they work best in you're talking about like if the muppets did an epic  takedown of Eric DeJoy the villain in the government right yeah Eric DeJoy DeJoy Lewis DeJoy what is  his name oh man it's like is there another DeJoy out there probably is one DeJoy replay leave the  last name but the first name becomes something totally random what I'm saying Jason is I want  to see uh Pepe apologize to Dan Crenshaw in real time and so like hug him and go like hey you're  you're okay by me man like quietly and it's like he doesn't think he's Mike's but he knows he's Mike  it's like uh the question uh John Stewart's the question but muppets yeah that's what I want  right no but I have the thought in this of like is the thing to do now  do you do more muppet holiday centric specials like this do you make sort of like holidays or  themes the thing you're you're latching on to do you do it around theme parks because I do think  as we were saying there's a good overlap in sensibility uh do you do you know muppet uh  jungle cruise you know uh sounds more appetizing to me than jungle cruise too but like do you do  muppet big thunder mountain or whatever you know do you go into sort of like I don't know I bet  they got one more in the imaginary in this area right it would have to be jungle cruise or pirates  or space mount it's got to be one of the like five things that the average person uses as  shorthand for like disney world or for theme park but pirates I think you could do I think you're  far enough away from the movies now that you could do a special that's more about the rides  and perhaps that's what disney needs now is a special to reframe pirates as less of a Johnny  Depp thing you lose one of the characters I don't know pick pick it yourself like with the muppet  game pick which character you lose yeah just one I don't know I have one idea but yeah uh but but  then the other thing was I was like should they just be doing on Disney plus like more muppets  act in classic stories right like I was like why aren't they just going back to that I think  there's now like a 90s kid nostalgia for like do muppet blank and the answer to that is I had to  step back and go oh because Disney's already fucking remaking all of these stories as 200  million dollar movies or yeah but you're saying like something that's culty like hocus pocus or  something well take on their disney cults potentially in my mind's eye I want to just  see fucking muppet Alice in wonderland or whatever not a good example because they did an Alice in  Wonderland episode on the muppet show but like you know what what have you muppet Pinocchio right  um I I'm more interested in seeing muppet Pinocchio perhaps than Robert Zemeckis Pinocchio  but maybe the answer is you you pick you pick Disney things maybe you include things that you've  gotten in the fox acquisition you know muppet aliens I mean this is what I'm wondering like  can you do a muppet alien special ah fuck Paul Reiser would I mean it's chip is it  is  yeah it's not a bad idea no actually yeah I don't I know that's good yeah that's pretty good if  there if the aliens are if the xenomorphs are muppets too right yeah of course yeah but there's  still guns that you still you still shoot them yeah and muppets die in it yeah yeah canonically  forever right right done muppet dies on screen that's it I like the goat in this by the way I  think he's a little bit of a breakout star oh yeah the goat's good I like the goat a lot I  just the character is fun from the witch yeah yeah I mean that does feel like the two things you can  do with the muppets right straight sketch show the muppets put on the production of the three  musketeers right right right maybe that's the answer maybe it is you take public domain classic  stories that Disney never did as animated films you find the other things like Christmas Carol  and Treasure Island you do three musketeers but didn't they do like a video series of this that  was kind of like yeah like there was a thing called like what was it called like muppet twisted  fairy tale theater or something like that that was like a Disney straight to video thing that was  more short fairy tale stories more like nursery rhyme sort of stuff but but even like uh emperor's  new clothes I think or king mitis they did and then they did a run of comics in the early 2000s  that were sort of doing all the ones that weren't done of like Muppet Snow White Muppet Peter Pan  Muppet Peter Pan comic book weirdly written by Grace Randolph hmm interesting but those comics  were kind of fun and I think you wouldn't have Disney wouldn't have the muppets tell those stories  now because it would conflict with the massive live action behemoth retellings of those stories  that they've already got in in the circuit yeah have you yeah have you read up about you know  Frank Oz is pretty salty about the muppets these days but he seems to like if they were they would  let if they would let him he would be interested in coming back but they don't want that I don't  think I think Disney will prevent Mr.
 Oz but but would you even a muppet connoisseur want that  because sometimes you know maybe he's up past his prime too with the muppets I I look that's my exact  fear like I would be far more depressed seeing a bad Frank Oz muppet thing than a bad Disney  corporate muppet thing uh-huh I I think at this point there's kind of no reason to not give him  the shot the thing I'd always heard was that like the muppets deal goes through and then Eisner leaves  right and no one really fucking knows what to do with them because it's like Eisner made that like  his last deal on the way out because he was still bitter over the fact he hadn't been able to close  the deal 20 years earlier and then these characters are sort of dumped him up at Disney and there are  no champions within the system and so they were sort of doing the two things at the same time which  were can we woo Frank Oz back to do a muppet movie and then Siegel becomes a little hot they take a  general meeting with him and he goes the only thing I want to do is the muppets and they were  developing those two things at the same time right and not sure which one was the right take to go  Frank Oz and go like let's get as classical as we can or have Jason Siegel come in and go like I want  to sort of recontextualize them I want to reset them I want to reintroduce them to a younger  audience the thing that Siegel has admitted himself really worked in his favor was Disney was like very  hesitant to green light either one they were dragging their heels about the viability of the  muppets in general and what he did very cannily was every time he was going on a late night talk  show or anything to promote any live action movie he was doing he would bring the muppets with him  a he would talk about the fact that he was like writing a muppet movie so people be like oh that's  like a thing here's a famous actor I know about his screenplay in development right but the other  thing was he'd like go to whatever department and be like can Statler and Waldorf come on Kimmel with  me and they would and he like helped build that relationship in the audience's mind of like oh  this guy working with the muppets is fun so then it became like fuck I guess we're going with Siegel  that's when they shut Oz down and Oz I think has felt very burned by that and in that interview  you're talking about Mike recently he sort of framed it as like they don't want me to do it anymore  I would happily still play those characters but I think he only wants to play them if he has creative  control again I don't think he wants to show up and puppeteer for someone else's thing I heard  with Sesame Street it's a matter of uh he was too expensive they used to have him do like two days  a year and it got too expensive the budget for that show has been struggling which is why they  had to get bought out by Warner Media but um I I think with muppets it's like he doesn't want to  play them unless he gets a creative say again and I think at this point there's no reason not to go  hey Frank Oz here's your project especially if it's for Disney Plus the thing I know he always  wanted to do was um the cheapest Muppet movie ever right which was like the last film script  that he and Jim worked on uh Jim my friend Jim uh but it's it's sort of what Tim and Eric did  for their movie but the joke is that Gonzo gets to make his own movie and he wastes 100 million  dollars on the opening credits and then there's no budget left so the movie is them struggling to  finish a movie I like that Gonzo was always my favorite I it's it's a gonzo centric thing  goals is still alive and if Oz if you let Oz direct that and use that script then you have  him playing piggy and animal and Fozzie again I think there's no reason like not to let him do that  yeah they do it and then let him do like an old man Logan like old man Kermit  like prestige Wolverine style movie yeah you know but I and then he dies at the end and then he  dies at the end after he rescues Robin he rescues all of them he rescues all of the second he  rep rescues Robin Walter Bean Bunny Rizzo Pepe like all the up-and-comers the new generation  chip okay I mean I just think like we're all united on this I believe as a philosophy where  it's just like how do you say it Mike always like let's just like get into like the sludge  like let's roll in the slop I usually say do everything mash everything yeah you know  because I think one of the things with the Muppets that's a problem sometimes is the Muppets as  entities are bigger than any of the movies or it's like Superman right like there's one great  Superman story a decade every 12 years like because he has taken on a life of its own  it's hard to write for like yeah it's harder yeah I just think you can't have spacey every time so  what do you do in the I know it's tough it's tough and we have by my count six more years before we  get spacey back again um I filmed in France there's no reason weirdly to be precious about  it at all and just be like you know what we're gonna let Frank Oz make his movie and simultaneous  oh what happened Jason Sheridan is the host now hmm that seems like a problem  hopefully uh well we're all recording in different manners yes um okay hmm did his battery dot that  was very studded either his program crashed or his computer well one thing's for sure Mike will come  back calm collected handling it well let's keep this in yeah uh my point is I just think they  should do everything and it's like maybe you have someone developing the sketch show and maybe you're  doing like seasonal you know specials like this or retellings of other things and maybe you let Oz  make his thing you know like maybe you don't need 20 Muppet projects a year but maybe you can have  different people developing different approaches for these characters at the same time and you do  like two things a year and I think if that's the case one of them should be Frank Oz so what  happened there Mike yeah oh yeah we well I guess yeah we ended up just but then I mean I don't care  uh yeah no my internet went out it's weird and then the whole thing popped right back up as  soon as it was back up yeah weird okay we wondered if the uh the battery went down or something  or no is your computer haunted it could be haunted yeah but don't we I think that this that this  special is a little more in the spirit of hey we did something like we let him do something and we  didn't I don't know I guess we've had our problems about story but like I like that like I think do  five of these a year and that's a like and not the pressure of a movie it's like if you didn't dig it  well it was only an hour it wasn't a lot of your time maybe you really did dig it this is in abstract  the type of risk they should be taking and I think it is overall successful yeah and I think you  could just do it oh look loosen up the reins more like whatever characters they want to use for the  property just lean into those characters and yeah just get less precious with like trying to retell  exactly what the story of whatever writer just our famous movie or something they're doing just  send them to a place or do a thing or have a theme yeah and I think if you Scott I think you're  right if you're cranking out fortify specials a year that takes the pressure off any one of those  yes you be like the the big thing like this is definitely the muppets yeah right yeah this this  was definitely positioned as like this is one of our big quarter four dc plus release this is one  of our big fall releases and that is a lot of pressure and when I was at the parks last week  like there are photo opportunities like in multiple places for this special those are good I think  the paintings actually follow you they do the effects it's like the it's the kind of living  photo effects yeah haunted mansion but outside of the mansion context it's great it was the only  thing on a wednesday without a 40 minute wait so crowds are back yeah that was bad right I know I  was there the day before yeah I warned you awful yeah really bad uh hey walked right on the marked  way and uh kind of called it after that you mean to tell me you didn't go in every line and  appreciate the things in the line that's a misrepresentation of the argument now you're  being very silly we don't have time we don't have time sure well you got what I was saying though  so I didn't misrepresent it that much no I got I remember I knew the reference  what haven't we done here uh I don't know any any further thoughts closing thoughts  uh I just want to throw out uh I I checked my little deadline window here uh two two Disney  stories of note that just came out um uh one Alan Horn is retiring at the end of the year  who has been in charge of Disney on the movie side of things for the last uh decade I guess about  Cody taking over Cody horn is taking over and then magic mic and then after two episodes she's just  gonna slowly disappear and never be acknowledged again um uh but but they've also announced this is  a very bizarre thing a master of modern horror David Gordon Green is going to produce a movie  about the making of Disneyland ha wow what he's directing like a uh I guess it's a biopic I mean  it's not biopic it's a movie about Disney's journey to build Disneyland okay for Disney  plus idea of a movie yeah I mean his like early indie movies are very like he has such an  interesting career you made these very quiet like indie movie and then he made a bunch of big  budget comedies and now he's made these fun like his Halloween um the sequels coming out soon uh  was really fun like Danny McBride co-wrote it I think so um that's an interesting choice I'll  certainly say that this is a horror movie though is it I don't know well he's Halloween reboot  trilogy then I think he's doing a Disneyland movie in isolation and then he's also doing a uh what  should we call it uh exorcist reboot trilogy okay so probably not a scary movie where Walt I don't  think so that's the fight with people and we weird palate cleanser in between the yeah just the  front like I say he's gonna do his own like saving mr bank's version of the creation of Disneyland  but like I mean I feel like this is seismic ptr news like you're getting the sort of in theory  prestige drama about the making of the happiest place on earth is Tom Hanks returning good question  no talent attached or talent attached on screen is that Danny McBride's music is this like kind of a  freewheeling cookie Walt do you think that the disease can have Danny McBride play Walt Disney  uh I mean yeah I guess they wouldn't but I would love to see it I would love that we're taking a  more profane approach with I take it yeah oh man righteous gemstones uh meets the creation of  Disneyland they should that's what we're saying be looser with the muppets be looser with your  depictions of wall oh fucking teacups to spin faster make the fucking teacups spin faster  and you get baby Billy to play uh Roy you get oh what is his name I'm liking on his name from  justified and uh oh yeah uh yeah it's one Roy oh man well yeah that sounds great uh well they  is cw wood or whatever that guy's name will they depict the opening of Disneyland a chaotic opening  day I think that has to be the juice here right that has to be a big part of the movie if not that  could be the whole movie right huh oh one crazy night kind of movie about the opening day of  Disneyland would just be that'd be great Sinatra there yeah you know all the stars are out  yeah that's great yeah well people people tripping out on pig semen or whatever it was  orangutan yeah gonads yeah gonads that's really depict what it's like in the brain of a of a yeah  an orangutan gonad it up uh person on live television yeah exactly so great Tom that's  an excellent film well we'll be there opening day best of luck uh David uh you know there's one more  little bit of business if we think we're done with Muppet Haunted Mansion and you know we've talked  about uh our adorable friends the Muppets but we need to talk about my new adorable friend uh  delivered to me from New York uh carried safely across the country like a mother dinosaur care  being careful with the egg i'm talking about baby aladar that's where we left things with you  Griffin right in the last episode uh you uh you delivered uh my beloved baby aladar to me  your second son yes yeah yeah you know it was sooner than i thought but you know what when a  miracle lands at your door you just adjust uh um i so um i i have him here and maybe uh um i you  know if he's not feeling too shy maybe he'd want to say a little something um now so so here's here's  uh what i have to say about it he uh i made this choice i did take him out of the box because you  brought me a pristine still in the box and i'm talking to major toy people here so i don't know  if i made a big error by by doing that but i felt like it's personal preference yeah uh i mean  because i wanted to i wanted to get my hands dirty i wanted to get get my hands on on the little guy  um as matt gordon says you let him breathe yeah let the pigs breathe yeah yeah yeah yeah that's  right well that's one thing is that he uh i think he does need that because uh here i'll pull him  up right now uh he is uh extremely sticky it is just one of the stickiest items  i have ever held it is a truly alarming amount of perma perspiration all over the sky  um it's a really a strange a very strange sensation uh which is one of the things that  will be explained because not only did i uh take him out of the box i also did an unboxing video  so that will be available on our social media  soon i think it's some very very important content uh but um let me let me give it a shot here and  put in these batteries and let's see if he will make some of his wonderful very cute sounds  very you can you can very cute you can kind of hard activate it by pressing this little nub  between his legs uh that's not showing up well with the virtual background um but there's a  just a little little nub down on his nether parts oh yeah if i press that i think he'll make  his uh iconic noise let's give it a shot  fairly oh there he goes again see now he's just going so i don't know when he's gonna  do anything or not um so that's that's the sweet sounds of aladar  it's kind of the mouths of babes it's kind of just an elephant right it sounds to me  i i say this without speaking from personal experience that is what i imagine it would  sound like if you stomped on someone's throat that is the sound that would come out if you full force  oh  maybe the last noise that is left of a person's voice there you go did you hear that one whoa what  did he say he said time for a snooze oh jason amen brother right there with you you guys are  gonna get along famously um yeah he he screams a bunch of times in a row and then it's time for  a snooze now there's what maybe a way to get him to see there are other sound this is mainly what  i've heard but there's a way to get him to make other sounds which is if you put this little plant  in his mouth he loves the leafy green those leafy greens he's he's vegetarian um and you gotta  what i found is like so the idea is you stick this little green plant in his mouth and then he talks  but that wasn't working so great for me so i ended up finding i had to like shove my finger  into his mouth and kind of like press up on the top just like force my my finger um and that that  got him talking a little more but i'll try it with the plant we'll try the more ginger version um  so i'm just kind of shoving it there if you can hear those little and nothing as predicted nothing  um now i'll try the other method which is jamming my thumb um he has he does have little teeth too  i don't maybe nothing you can see the effort i'm putting oh yeah really trying to lodge the  thumb in there which worked once and maybe isn't now um what has a whole rigor oh go ahead i was  just saying what happens if you just give him a little kiss on the mouth  pull it down right yeah kiss that son right on the mouth i will but now don't  do anyone take a screen capture well this is hard with uh you might want to stick your tongue out  a little because you want to make sure it activates the button in the back of his throat  it could very good point griffin i need to so you're saying i need to stick my tongue really  deep down yeah you have to you have to give this baby's throat you have to give yourself a dinosaur  yeah i hang on now i i'm tempted to do this but it i don't know what disease i'm gonna get from  doing that i don't know doing it is okay to be just a nice sticky kiss it's so sticky in there  is it sticky inside yeah i just checked it's very sticky if you'll give me a second to clean the  thing then sure i'll tongue it all day no jason's got a call back we got a call back he has a call  back i've been worried about jason of course i would if it weren't for jason's call back  no i'm saying i'm saying we don't have time to clean it i think you just got to do the  kiss yeah steps on dinosaur caught off guard i stepped in take a fucking screenshot i'm ready  i've been ready you can't really showing up i'm taking the green screen is is killing it yeah  it's not now hold it hold it hold it hold it got it okay great all right so look for that content  on the search the tongue's not going to do it if the finger didn't do it here let me keep let me  try the finger more this is like when tom brady the first person he hugged was papa john  he had three what the super bowl that what why is it like that like papa jen gave a big kid like  it was very like a very intimate embrace and that was the very first burst but baby eladar is not  like papa john so i just mean in terms of intimacy equally i think these are two entities i'd  equally rather i i don't want to scare you scott but there's a story i know about a mild man  good boy who had had a little a new little thing to tend to a new little life to take care of  he tried feeding it plant food but very soon the plant food stopped working so then he had to feed  it little nibbles of its finger but then that didn't work until that creature demanded blood  full human meat it's a story of little shop of horrors and i wonder if this game of this game of  escalation of aladar refusing to get triggered until you find more and more things to put down  his throat might have a very unseemly end and then he's gonna get a giant you mean that this little  thing is gonna become a giant thing in a regular sized room is that where this is heading he's gonna  get even stickier too as you told that entire story i've been holding down on his finger on his  button nub because i didn't want him to interrupt you with a so and it's starting to hurt i gotta  let it go like i'm just gonna he's gonna talk okay that's fine there we go and now i'll try  to activate the thumb again here we go oh he that's him eating you hear that well oh now he's oh now  he's walking look oh his little legs uh scott by the way your hand is bleeding now oh shit god  you can't see my entire lower body is it's just a fool forming in my legs we better end this  episode and i'll try to do it while uh here let's do the plugs and everything well with him uh okay  so uh and we're gonna stare at the muppet uh okay jesus all right you survived haunt cast the fright  wait wait we have to do it with griffin first oh here's what it is griffin you plug whatever  you're gonna plug but he's gonna keep yelling while you do it so griffin newman you survived  haunt cast the fright uh is there anything that it looks like through the gift shop is there  anything you'd like to plug uh yeah blank check with griffin david listed it out wherever podcasts  are found we're doing uh the uh the films of john carpenter through the end of the year and because  it came up several times they enjoy his talk show we're doing streams about once a month so if you  want to follow g lucas talk show or go to uh planet scum on social media uh you can find more  information about that and our whole muppets tonight uh marathon where we speak to brian henson  bill beretta and kirk factor and a lot of the aforementioned people is up on youtube you're  doing an admirable job considering let's see if i can uh do the same it's very upsetting noise  for three bonus episodes every month keep it subscribed here we've got more haunt cast  content come in your way uh and time for a snooze thank god and for uh for more podcasts the right  including now he's trying to walk jesus i'm taking the batteries okay little scott little scott of  hearts that's it i'm bail this is if you want to watch the unboxing video go to our social media  and as always go to the reddit and sound off about what you thought about this episode and  today's guest griffin let all your griffin thoughts please on the podcast the right reddit as always  we love to see it i love to see it doesn't stress me out at all  um this also all of that that i was doing was competing with watching this bizarre  playstation game that mike is full screened this uh the the pointiest is it kermit is it robin  it's robin yeah it's robin oh this poor gonzo oh my god he got flattened somebody somebody tried  to crunch his throat and also just imagine that you have like a weirdly overqualified michael  giaccino score underneath all of this oh fossey's having trouble walking yeah i hate to say it that's  a hell of a seat fossey's got like sciatica yeah it is he's really potent yeah protruding um well  all right per usual some disturbing stuff said we'll post all these bizarre walk cycles and uh  and a lot of aladar content coming your way uh happy happy haunting everyone goodbye thanks for  listening