 Forever!  Dog!  Warning! The following haunt cast features live theme park rock and roll,  self-defeating thoughts,  a somber monster fact correction,  and actors waving their arms wildly.
  All this, plus a peek at Southern California Haunt Season.
  It's Mike Loves Haunts  on Haunt Cast the Fright.
  Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright,  the scary theme park podcast where sometimes  scary haunts go well and sometimes scary haunts  go very badly.
 My name is Mike Carlson,  joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  I'm so intrigued, I mean I've been intrigued for days  about this episode.
  I'll bring Scott Garner in here real quick.
  Yeah, geez, I truly don't know.
  We're all on the edge of our seats.
  I feel like I've hyped this up, so real quick,  I'd like to just, we'll tease this right now,  and then we'll do a little just general Halloween discussion,  but my journey, my personal journey on this podcast,  this theme park podcast, is starting out as a scared kid.
  Scared of Halloween stuff, scared of haunted houses.
  Did anything happen? Did anything change?  I'm walking through, in case maybe this is your first episode,  something did change, and all of a sudden I became  the undisputed king of California haunts,  Southern California haunts.
 I think I called myself that.
  A bit of a, I was being a bit facetious, but I did.
  But then it took, and everyone's been saying it.
  Everyone says it.
 Not a joke anymore.
  They're honking their horn, they yell it out the window.
  Undisputed king of Southern haunts!  That's right, Leno drove by in the Munster's car,  which I have been, by the way, I have to stop this real quick.
  Yeah.
 Did you see this? I saw this, I saw this.
  This is shocking.
 You have been publicly griped.
  I gotta look up, I forgot.
  Everybody keeps falling into it with the 60s TV shows.
  He's throwing out there.
 Yes.
  So regularly, Scott pointed out, I think about two weeks ago,  that, or maybe last week.
 Several occasions.
  Several occasions he'll say something about the Munster's car,  and before the sentence is even finished, I will say,  Dracula.
  It gets Dracula, it gets Dracula.
  Now someone has pointed out, and I should find out who this gentleman is,  somebody pointed out that on our Facebook group,  somebody has corrected me, and that the Munster's car is called  the Munster's Coach, and the Dracula is actually  Grandpa's car, that it's a different looking car  than the regular Munster's car.
  Which is, now hang on, the Munster's Coach,  that's like a more hearse looking.
  Yes, a bigger car for the whole family, and it looks like a hearse.
  Grandpa's car is more of like a coffin in the front,  sort of a roadster coffin thing.
  And this is part of the film that I know that you were fond of.
  Yes.
 What's the film called?  Munsters Go Home?  Yeah, that's what you're talking about.
  Yes, and the confusion comes from, and this person points out in the Facebook,  and I will find the name, that Rob Zombie,  in the video for Dracula, the song Dracula that he has,  he uses the regular Munster's car, and not Grandpa Munster's Dracula.
  So this is where the confusion now has stemmed from for years,  and now this is the guy directing the Munster's movie, the new Munster's movie.
  Having already made a fatal error.
  Yes, a fatal error.
 Mr.
 Robert Zombie.
  I assume somebody heard that this happened and had a heart attack.
  It might be happening right now.
 Sorry listener, get some help.
  Don't make this a fatal mistake.
  But yeah, Rob fucked up, and now he still gets the keys to the kingdom?  Yeah, I guess.
  They only give the best of the best to the Munster's franchise  once every three years for some unviewed, unwatchable pilot.
  It is a prestige property.
 Nothing but hits since the first show came out.
  And the last time, they didn't even make a full pilot,  they just made that fallout boy song Uma Thurman that samples the Munster song.
  That's true.
 Nothing but the best for this property.
  The finest art has existed in the Munsterverse.
  This gentleman, Matt Carr, pointed this out.
  Well, you know why he knows it.
 He knows his cars.
  Very good.
  He's always driving his classic cars all around.
  So I'd like to formally apologize to the listeners here.
  There's going to be a lot of me humbling myself on today's episode,  and it starts here by humbling myself by saying that I have been incorrectly  calling the Munster's car the Dragulome, and it is the Munster's coach, not the Dragulome.
  So we're answering kind of a spooky gripe, I guess.
  I don't know what you call a graveyard gripe.
  A graveyard gripe is good.
  So yeah, we're taking care of that up front, but we're going to discuss sort of,  what does Southern California haunts, what do they look like this year?  I have no clue what's coming.
  Yeah, I want to overhype it, and it's nothing like serious.
  It's nothing like I got stabbed or something.
  I mean, you wouldn't be talking about it on the show, I guess,  but there's no scenario where you and three other people killed somebody,  and you had to enter some pact, and then you had to go to the police,  and you had to go to the police, and you had to go to the police, and you had to go to the police,  And then there's some, you know, there's some, three other people killed somebody,  and you had to enter some pact, and there's some farce where you buried the body,  but then it got worse, and you got found out.
  Yeah, I don't think I would say anything.
  That would be for off mic.
  I would tell you guys off mic, and then say,  Hey, don't bring it up that I had to disappear a body.
  You've got to!  You have to be honest on this show.
  This is honest podcasting.
  No matter what, even if you get sent to jail.
  I don't know if I committed homicide, but right now I'm not feeling comfortable enough to admit something like that.
  So the stakes are a lot lower.
  But in the context of me growing and going to haunts,  and oh, look at what you're doing now at age whatever when I started 35.
  Look how brave you are, you man in his middle 30s.
  It was really, really defeating and stayed with me for days.
  Oh man.
  And after a year where you weren't allowed to grow,  where we were all stuck in any, nobody really got to grow in any way in 2020.
  Sure.
  And now, so you're raring to get back out there.
  Yes, I was.
  Before this, I asked already, but just to make sure.
  Have you guys done any fun?  Have you seen the Halloween decorations?  I see you dressed up the front lawn a little bit.
  It's a great little.
.
.
  Oh, thank you.
  I've got a little skeleton scene happening in the front.
  What a dream.
  I'm so happy to have a place where I can make a little skeleton scene happen.
  That's fantastic.
  That and a couple pumpkin patches.
  This is my first year with the kid understanding Halloween.
  So we're like, boy, the hype was correct.
  I have heard that little kids love pumpkins, and they sure do.
  He went around and gave a high five to every weird scarecrow at this one that we went to  who all had rubber Halloween masks that seemed to be either Hillary Clinton or Mitt Romney.
  Multiples of both, I believe.
  So yeah, my son's high fiveing undead Mitt Romney's left and right.
  We're having a great time.
  But other than that, you would not think to call that a haunt.
  He's going to be running the register at one of Burbank's two year-round Halloween stores soon enough  or any of the number of horror-focused memorabilia and DVD bookstores.
  It's a real district.
  You bring up a really good point.
  I haven't really thought of it.
  It's all on the street in Burbank called Magnolia, named Magnolia,  which is what the Paul Thomas Anderson movie is named after, that street.
  Which I think factors into, I think some of it is set on, but not that stretch of Magnolia,  but Magnolia runs through the whole valley.
  And he loves the valleys, we know.
  We know that.
  We've got a whole new valley coming out.
  Yes, but it's full of kitschy nonsense.
  Yeah, Magnolia Park.
  Old toy stores on Magnolia.
  Toy stores, a lot of vintage stuff, a lot of antique shops, a lot of little coffee shops.
  And I was like, oh yeah, that's also why I like Burbank.
  I had that thought driving down Magnolia.
  I'm like, oh yeah, it's all right here.
  Car specific bookstores where you might just be suddenly biking around with your kid and run into Jay Leno.
  Of course.
  It's magic.
  Burbank is magic.
  Model train shop.
  Very specific stuff.
  That kind of stuff.
  Where you ask, are there tangible locations for things like this?  And again, we're not talking Spirit Halloween.
  We're not talking these fly by night operations that come and go, although they're around too.
  But yeah, year round Halloween stores.
  That is where I think.
  Yeah, highly themed rooms that say like, don't take photos in here.
  Haunted Mansion stuff.
  Yeah.
  Disney stuff.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, that's fun.
  So you just did a few pumpkin patches.
  That's been there thus far.
  Jason pumpkin patches.
  Anything Halloween?  Well, I finished that book ghost story and I started a spooky Ray Bradbury book.
  You're a reader is what we discovered about you last year.
  I am a reader.
  So you read interesting.
  He lords that over us because Scott and I can't read a book.
  That is one of my little quirks.
  I'm trying to watch more horror movies for when I eventually become a big brave boy.
  Right, because that was supposed to be.
  We scheduled you to become brave last year.
  Last year.
  Right.
  And I was brave.
  I came out.
  Yeah, I was.
  We all were brave.
  And because yeah, you were citing some physical problems.
  Like this year you said, OK, I can't be brave this year.
  So can we schedule you to be brave next year?  I sure hope I'm like, you know, the physical therapy seems to be slowly working.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  So walking distances is getting a little easier.
  So will pencil you being brave now?  Can you declare?  Will it just be horror nights next year or would you be willing to go to Fright Fest and  not scary farm?  I think I would start with horror nights because my impression has always been it's the most  polished.
  It's a good you want a good show.
  Well, I love a good show.
  But also like, oh, I a little more predictable.
  You are right about that.
  It is the most predictable.
  They do a very similar scare each time.
  Yeah.
  You will be getting a rhythm of getting yelled at or not yelled at, just like arms.
  Basically, all you do is you walk through a little hallway and somebody flails their  arms at you.
  Yes.
  Unexpectedly while allowed sting plays.
  Now, I did.
  I was telling you beforehand, I watched a lot of the house walkthroughs at horror nights  and I walked some live streams, the opening night of horror nights, which in Orlando was  very funny because it started before the sunset.
  Sun still pretty out and then a massive thunderstorm blew through.
  So everyone scattered.
  Yes.
  And there really wasn't a ton to do outside.
  You either got in line for a house or you tried to eat limited run food.
  And the live streams were mostly vloggers saying hi to other vloggers who were also  vlogging.
  And if you jumped back and forth between them, you could you could figure out spatially where  everyone was.
  This was kind of a fun, John.
  But I bring this up.
  I mean, I think the depression watching videos of a lot of the events and reading about,  you know, the the vases and scares, it feels like a very meat and potato.
  Like there were we're playing the hits.
  Yeah.
  People are we know people are hungry to come back.
  None of us are cash rich right now.
  But we want to put on a good show.
  We want to have some big houses.
  Yeah.
  In Universal's case, some very recognizable names.
  Sure.
  But like I didn't get as much of the impression like 2019 people felt like they were  going between the house and the Ghostbusters house.
  It felt like it was definitely lower key this year.
  So we will get to the end.
  And I guess it'll be a little bit like the story will be a little earlier because we will just talk  about just generally the Hollywood Horror Nights houses and some of the stuff that I did get to  do.
  So that will be in the episode as well.
  But I'm going to weave a tale, I guess, for everyone here.
  Please.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, let's just let's start this.
  Should we turn the lights off and get some flashlights?  I was feeling anxious even about telling.
  I have told the story, but I am feeling anxious about telling.
  Sorry.
  But if you guys want, I'll do it in the dark.
  I can handle it.
  I'm still I'm still brave.
  Well, can I just say I so you you I don't want to give anything away.
  Maybe you had a way to get to that.
  But you you did not make it to Fright Fest this year.
  Correct.
  I did not make it to Fright Fest.
  Hopefully next year, we remind which one because I know.
  I'm sorry.
  Fright Fest is six flags in Magic Mountain.
  Magic Mountain.
  That's if you've heard the show.
  Anthony Geo was on that.
  And I like Anthony Geo schedule to free up to be to be able to go again so we can do a good  Fright Fest to do without him.
  Can't do without him at this point.
  I love all of us to go so we can all go to the full throttle lounge beforehand.
  Oh, sure.
  Book a book a block of rooms at the Hilton Garden.
  Ain't out there or something.
  Block of rooms.
  Go to the Wendy's next to the decrepit rotting six flags.
  Greeting like visitor center that does a former gift shop in the base of a gift shop in a sign in a Wendy's parking lot.
  I don't think so weird.
  More expensive Wendy's.
  Wendy's where they like bump the prices a little more.
  Wow.
  They would get people.
  I don't think even Scott, like I don't even think like I wouldn't even pressure you to do anything.
  You literally maybe like we just tell you sit outside full throttle lounge and watch the teens and see what they do.
  If I'm allowed to mainly stay in full thru.
  But full thru our lounge is closed at least regular.
  Yeah.
  There's no full thru our lounge then.
  Then I if there's I demand full thru our lounge and I demand Anthony Geo.
  Yeah.
  These are my demands.
  So maybe we can all go and we all have different beats.
  It's all different.
  Like we all report on different things.
  But we all have a nice idea.
  We all go to the running of the scare actors at the start where they all run out into the audience and everyone shrieks.
  So I bring this up because I was wondering if you had at least glanced at the website to learn that the Willoughby's resurrected house, a house that you in 2018 spoke pretty highly of this year is brought to you by Discovery Plus's Ghosttober event.
  Discovery Plus Ghosttober presents Willoughby's resurrected.
  Mike seems exceedingly sure what you're talking about.
  It was like, is that the one with the pile of shit?  There was one was like supposed to be in the sewer and there was like a giant thing that was supposed to represent a big pile of shit that a man made.
  No, this was like an old mansion.
  Like, oh, I know.
  Oh, yeah, I do know.
  I do know.
  I know.
  That one actually was pretty good.
  That was like their own version of the haunted mansion.
  OK.
 Willoughby.
  I remember Mr.
 Willoughby.
  There were original characters.
  Sorry.
  I, you know, Mike loves haunts and he remembers haunts.
  And some of the one fright fest means we had to wear 3D glasses while walking through it to completely my memory is totally gone.
  I think that might have been the shit one, though.
  And all I remember was the shit.
  Ghostober also kind of the sister event to another streaming event this October.
  Peacocks has a lot of horror movies for October, and they're calling it Peacocktober.
  OK.
  All right.
  Peacocktober.
  All right.
  Got it.
  Got it.
  Thank you.
  So I'm excited to see how much they have.
  Great.
  Anyway, on to your story.
  Of course.
  So last week, we were talking about what's this because we have a couple other episodes planned.
  You can guess one of them, obviously.
  And I was like, what's this episode going to be?  And I have an ambitious idea.
  I would also say next year, Fright Fest 2, Jason becomes brave and the other two episodes are going to be the same.
  So next year, Fright Fest 2, Jason becomes brave.
  And then this ambitious idea I had that scheduling wise did not quite work out.
  But it's a very good idea and we will do it next year.
  So I was thinking, OK, I want to make sure when we go and do a haunt report that I do a couple things and maybe a thing that I've never done.
  And Wednesday morning, something fell into my lap that was unexpected.
  I got a text.
  Physically?  No, no.
  Did you get crushed?  No, no.
  Figuratively.
  Edwin, what are you doing?  Edwin, you've crushed my genitals like the twisted Colossus roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  Getting you ready.
  Woof woof.
  Woof woof.
  Happy Halloween.
  So I got a text from friends of the show, Eva Anderson and Jason Woolner.
  Oh boy.
  They on the text chain invited me to something called Project Minotaur.
  I was invited to Project Minotaur.
  And I remember I looked at it.
  I'm like, what is this?  Project Minotaur.
  Now I have done, I should say this, I've done a couple of these other like smaller haunt scary things with them.
  We've gone to a place called Zombie Joe's.
  I saw a show there and I did like a basically like a simulated dark ride.
  It's over on Lancashire.
  And I was like, that's one of those where you have to like sign a waiver and then they can touch you and stuff, which is weird.
  Yeah.
  But I actually found that pretty cool.
  Not the touching part.
  I mean the actual overall experience.
  You felt free for the first time in your life.
  I didn't like touch.
  I didn't like be touched by strangers.
  That's not a weird kink I have.
  No, don't look into that anymore.
  So I've done a couple of these things.
  We have done Delirium with Eva, which is a little more of like an adventure.
  An immersive, immersive play.
  Very long.
  That was great.
  Which is really cool.
  And it was a little, there was a little, you know, scary part, but nothing like it's not a, it was not a horror.
  Based thing where they throw you in a, I heard they like throw you in a coffin and other ones.
  I think they're coming back and I think it is a straight haunted house.
  Yes, that is correct.
  A friend of the show, Andrew Grissom did it.
  And he said that is the case.
  It is a horror theme this year.
  Is that a company you're saying?  Yes, they do a show or I think it may be one.
  I mean, obviously a lot of people put it on, but I think there's one man in charge.
  I could be wrong.
  Don't quote me.
  Okay.
  They invite me to Project Minotaur, which is a horror themed escape room.
  And I go, oh, okay.
  And I'm like, I guess I've never really, I've never actually done an escape room.
  I don't know.
 Have you guys done an escape room?  I've not.
 You know, we have not touched on this area at all.
  And it's almost weird we haven't gotten there.
  Yes, it is weird.
  Because like that's, that's, you know, a themed experience that's pretty popular.
  There's a ton of them.
  Yeah.
 And like many cities across the country, not just here.
  I did one.
  Oh, you did.
  You were out, I think for Zach Reno's bachelor party.
  You were out of town, I think.
  I was out of town.
  It was cool.
  And I'm not particularly good with puzzles.
  So I was just kind of admiring the theatricality of it.
  I forget the name.
  I think it was like escape room LA somewhere downtown.
  And yeah, I thought it was pretty.
  Yeah, that was pretty neat.
  Sure.
  Which I assume.
  Yeah, I was like, okay, it's Halloween.
  I go, I go, well, you know, this is perfect because this is exactly what I wanted to do.
  Because, well, I'll have material because as you guys know, you're living your life for this show.
  This is your life is now content.
  Every show, it's disappointing when you're sleeping and you're not.
  Unless the dream counts as a themed experience.
  But yeah, that was one episode at a time.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So I go, OK, this is perfect for the show.
  I'm a little like it's like a kind of an enclosed space.
  It's still a covid situation.
  But then I'm looking at the website and it's like you're just with the group you come with.
  There's maybe like one or two performers and you got like a mask.
  I go, I'll just bring the good like mask.
  The N95 mask I have that I wore on the plane and stuff, which is like a heavier duty.
  It's not my target, you know, it's not my breezy target mask.
  It's like, OK, this is like a legit like I can feel my breathing being restricted from this.
  So I go, OK, sure, sure.
  So it's down on like Santa Monica and it's part a part of like it's not in Santa Monica.
  It's on Santa Monica and like what you call East Hollywood, I guess.
  And it's one of those places where you cannot park anywhere.
  There's just nowhere to park.
  So I'm early, but very quickly I am not early.
  It's one of those situations where I'm like, oh, good, I'm here 15 minutes early.
  Do do do.
 Let's take my time to find a spot.
  La la la la la la la.
 Oh, my God.
  It's three minutes till we're supposed to that we have the time that we're supposed to check in.
  So I'm like, shit, and everybody is like Eva and Jason are both like, there's nowhere to park.
  OK, I'm like, at least I'm not like, you know, like really holding everyone up.
  But I was they all seem to be there before me.
  So I end up parking like seven blocks away or something.
  And I'm like jogging.
 Oh, God.
 Oh, God.
 OK, OK.
  I get there.
 We were talking.
 There's a couple other people.
  There's going to be six total people, a couple or one person I met for the first time.
  This other guy, Landon, who we met before.
  I've done a couple.
 He's a great guy.
 I haven't seen him in forever.
  I took him to wrestling, blah, blah, blah.
  And I haven't seen him like, hey, good to see you.
  Whatever Amy Nicholson shows up.
  I haven't seen her in like God.
  Maybe we saw her at Comic Con two or three years ago.
  Ages ago.
 At this point.
  That's the last time I saw her.
 Hey, this is great or whatever.
  So we go in and it's a very I've heard like they're all talking because they're all in this scene.
  I get invited once in a while to the scene, but they all know the I mean like deep into immersive.
  Yes.
 The actual experience.
  The actual experience.
 Eva, Walner and Landon are all like experts on this scene.
  Yeah.
 You have to be in the scene seemingly like it's it's it's close niche in these.
  Yes.
 And they get really enveloped in them.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 And that's a whole nother like, yeah, they know like names of performers and what's happening in that scene,  which I can appreciate because I love a niche scene as you know,  when we talk about any like theme park media people, I love I love people that no one else has heard of that.
  There's 30 people that have heard of.
  You know, so so yeah, they're talking about like, oh, you know, we did this escape room.
  I did because there's like this place is it's called Quest Room and they do multiple different escape rooms.
  So they're talking.
 Oh, we did this one.
 Whatever.
  We did this.
 So we get in there and it's a pretty small like I don't want to say Ricky.
  I don't want to make it sound like it's it's obviously like a good one if they all like this company.
  But it's like a pretty small like even like doctors waiting room.
  So I'm sort of like pacing around and then the guy comes out and he's kind of like he's a little theatrical, of course,  because, you know, an escape room.
  And he explains now that we have to get in jumpsuits.
  We have to all wear jumpsuits.
 Well, I'm like, OK.
  And then he's like, we have to wear knee pads as well because there'll be some crawling and there'll be some this.
  And they're like, and that was all I think in the disclaimer.
  So we're putting it on.
 And all of a sudden I realize I'm getting anxious.
  And I'm and I'm I'm like, oh, hmm.
  Now, at this point, I'm sure we all have had this in the past.
  My brain decides it wants to sabotage me.
  And it's sometimes hard to get out of a weird like feedback loop in your brain.
  I'm sure we've all had versions of this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're speaking my language.
  I've never felt closer to you at this moment.
  So I all of a sudden go, oh, no, because he's explaining like, you know, tight corridors,  90 minutes to two hour long experience.
  And all of a sudden I didn't even think of this.
  This wasn't even on my radar.
  All of a sudden I'm doing like paper bat like like.
  And now the mask, I'm hearing my own breath in the mask in the heavy and 95 mask.
  I'm going.
 And I'm going, oh, my God, is this?  No.
 And then I remember when I was when I was on a plane a few weeks ago,  I sat down on the plane and for like a couple minutes I had kind of the same feeling like, oh, I'm stuck here.
  And then I remember I have like facial claustrophobia, which I don't know.
  I don't know what the term is, but I think I've said this before.
  They were putting like a fat suit on me at Conan and it got stuck on my head.
  And I had like a mini anxiety attack.
  That's like a horror show.
  There was a funnier die video with Jeremy Piven that I was in where I played an anonymous race car driver.
  And I had to put a big like, you know, that race.
  That was a branded.
 They were like the Honda.
  I was I was I was a hot wheel racer.
  Yes, Hot Wheels racers.
  And Jeremy Piven was there and he had nothing to do with my anxiety that day.
  I don't know if that was the case for everybody.
  I don't know if that was the case for everybody, but I had to wear a helmet and those race car driving.
  Like you have to really cram them on your head.
  And I remember having the same thing.
  So now I'm reliving all of this.
  Like I'm going I'm like kind of like just trying to like get all this bad stuff out of my head.
  So I go over there's like a water cooler and I must have looked completely crazy.
  I'm like pulling the mask down and I'm like, OK, I'm drinking water.
  I'm like, and the guy is like doing his whole show.
  Now the theatricality has really started.
  The lights go down in the like in the waiting room.
  Now he's kind of doing like now what I must tell you.
  And he's like he's like so you will be he's like you will be you know groups of three and three and then you will go through the corridor and you must be aware of the Minotaur or whatever.
  He's talking about the Minotaur because it's project Minotaur.
  If the Minotaur catches you, you will be taken and you will be put in a jail cell and you will not be able to answer the he's doing this whole thing.
  And I'm just like, mm hmm.
  And I go, hey, he's like, does anyone have any questions?  I was like, hey, if you have to like get out of the game or anything like what what happens?  How do you do it? He goes, ah, yes.
  Well, you have to put up the X, which is a professional wrestling sign for a guy is hurt for real.
  OK, and I go, OK, all right, got it.
  All right.
 And he tells like, ah, yes, the great question or whatever.
  And I'm like, OK, great.
  So I'm sitting there and everybody's like we've like on three and three or whatever.
  And I go, OK, that made me feel a lot better.
  I take a big deep breath.
  I'm not perfect, but it's fine.
  Everything's fine.
 Like it's so stupid.
  I'm so mad.
  Like I'm mad, too, which I'm sure everyone has.
  If you ever had like an anxiety attack like this, you're just like mad.
  You're like, you're my wife is happening.
  Just this.
 This is what's doing.
  But you do have, you know, look, we're like, every different covid comfort levels, but being in a group, you know, like headquarters.
  I don't even know if it has anything that part has anything to do with covid, but maybe it does.
  Maybe it's sort of a left over like some like even the mildest percentage, the kick show.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So so I go, Jesus, fine or whatever.
  So I kind of like I kind of get my bearings a little bit.
  And then he goes, all right, we're all ready.
  He goes here, place these hoods over all of your heads.
  And I go, oh, and here is where I turn into a third grader and I go, I think I'm going to need I'm having and I think what I said was a mask like based anxiety attack.
  I need to I'm going to I'm going to he goes, are you like drugs character?  He's like, are you are you going to what's up, man?  Tap out.
 Are you tapping out?  And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm tapping out.
  Everyone in the group turns to look at me like, is it like good?  Oh, good.
 Like, is it just like screamed or something?  And they're like, oh, oh, like, everyone's nice.
  And like, I'm like, and of course, now I'm trying to get ahead of the humiliation.
  Oh, no, it's fine, everybody.
  You go ahead.
  Like, I'm just yelling stuff and I'm like, stop talking.
  I keep telling myself, stop talking.
  You're only making it worse.
  I'm like, no, everything it's have a good time.
  You go in.
  Everything's fine.
  No, you go or whatever.
  And I go and sit like on a booth and then they just like, oh, OK, well, and everybody goes inside and I'm just like, oh, fuck.
  And I'm sitting on a booth.
  And again, it's like I'm a third like in third whatever that the worst memory you've ever had about being like left out or being too scared.
  I immediately just regress everything.
  Every bad feeling I've ever had comes up and I'm just sitting on this like Charlie Brown on this fucking bench in this stupid little room.
  And I'm like, what? Oh, God, why?  And then like because after five minutes or whatever, even less, I'm just like, it's fine.
  I'm fine.
  I wasn't even it was never like a major like crazy anxiety attack.
  I was just having this weird, as I was saying, feedback loop of like you're going to get stuck in a little place and you're going to be breathing like it's going to be weird.
  Like that's not a voice came up like, hey, it's Beetlejuice.
  Oh, geez.
  You're going to get a tiny little space and you're going to flip out and embarrass yourself.
  It's also like a morning DJ.
  Mr.
 Really freaked you out when you met Bugman.
  You are the evil voice in my head.
  You're a real person.
  I'm meeting.
  You're going to embarrass yourself.
  And also attack of the clones is good.
  Yeah.
  So I sit down and I'm just all I have not been embarrassed on this level in years.
  I have not humiliated myself.
  Everyone was so nice and that would be continued to be nice later.
  So I'm sitting here and I'm just like, fuck.
  And to make things worse, I had sort of even a vision of like this is some sort of expansive building past where I can see.
  Not really.
  Everything's happening just past the door.
  I'm hearing muffled.
  Oh, the minute.
  Like I'm hearing like dialogue as if I'm literally standing next to everybody.
  I'm like, it's right off the fucking door.
  It's not even like it's some deep cavern where you're going underground.
  It's right over there.
  Oh, no.
  Scary.
  Oh, but it's turning out to be a rewarding experience.
  Actually, the most fun I've had in a long time.
  Yeah, this cathartic.
  Yeah.
  And I hear like I hear Eva like she's like, help, help, help.
  And I'm like, that sounds like not real help, which it was not.
  Of course, it's part of the thing.
  She got captured by the Minotaur and she was put in a jail cell.
  Eva, no.
  She was captured and I was like, it's like when she went to the underworld with us.
  It's exactly the same thing.
  So I was also like, should I burst in with that being appropriate?  If I go into the game now, probably not.
  They probably wouldn't like that.
  Now, the guy who kind of took everyone in never came back out.
  I was I was expecting him to sort of come back out, but I would later learn he's part of the show.
  So a different escape room is going on.
  And then that lets out.
  They like two people come out just elated.
  So happy.
  Everything was so fun.
  The guy who was helping them out, he comes out and he looks over and he goes, whoa, whoa.
  He's like freaked out that there's a guy in here.
  He's like, whoa, are you are you are you OK?  And I go, yeah, yeah, no, I'm fine.
  He goes, well, if you need anything.
  He's really like he's never seen a person in the waiting room who's tapped out.
  Like it's as if he's never I mean, I'm projecting a little bit here, but it's as if he's never seen this before.
  He wasn't just like, oh, yeah, you know, you had to tap out, huh?  It was like, oh, God, do you need anything?  What do you need? Do we have to call the ambulance or are you pathetic now?  Are you're pathetic now, aren't you?  So I'm like, no, no, no, it's fine.
  I had this weird like breathing.
  Have I fine.
  I'm fine.
  Everything's fine.
  He's like, all right, well, if you need anything, let me know.
  Bro, dude, hey, don't worry about it.
  Now, what's funny about this, I'll say this part of the story because I don't think it matters.
  When we were asked when somebody was asking him about like a location for like a bar or restaurant around here, he goes, oh, you know what?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I'm 19.
  Oh, great.
  East Hollywood teams are factoring in this year.
  I love it.
  Yeah.
  So I'm sitting on the so I'm sitting on this this cushion or whatever this bench and I'm sitting and now I have an important decision to make.
  Do I leave or do I stay to try to save face?  Do I try to say, hey, look at me.
  I'm OK because there's people like, first of all, obviously, everybody wants to be liked.
  I like all these people.
  I want them to not like the first thing of seeing me in years is not to be like, oh, yeah, that guy that chickened out before he met the Minotaur in a tiny little space.
  Them having already built you up as the undisputed king.
  So you're going to go from there down to this.
  Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
  Scott, obviously, you never even look at the crown.
  You don't even even investigate if there is a real crown.
  That's how we play it.
  I'm like a like a Icarus, haunted Icarus, spooky Icarus who flew too close.
  Spooker is spooker is who flew too close to the haunted sun.
  Moon, the whole moon, the moon brought to you by Snickers.
  The moon melted my wings with its light, with its ghastly light.
  So I decide, you know, OK, maybe people people go out afterward.
  I can, you know, save some face.
  But you said this is a 90 minutes to two hour.
  Well, I sat like kicking myself mentally for about a half hour.
  That's some of it down the drain.
  Self abuse.
 Exactly.
  And then I said, you should just leave.
 You're pathetic.
  You should just leave.
 And then I go, no, I go, stay, stay.
  Because if everyone's going to go hang out, then at least you can feel a little bit better about this,  because at least people will again will see that you didn't like just curl up in a ball in the corner of the room.
  So I do.
 I wait.
 Everybody gets done.
  They come out.
 They're all surprised.
  Everyone's like, hey, Carlson, still here.
 Look at that.
  Whatever.
 And then one of these guys comes out and he's like dressed as like the doctor, the mad scientist.
  It's not a different guy than the guy who did our intro.
  So he goes, hey, you guys did great.
 Everyone's talking.
  There's like a big like wrap up every, you know, everyone went to the school dance, except for me.
  This is what it feels like.
  Although I never know.
 I missed one dance.
  Whatever that didn't.
 I'm just saying that's the vibe of it.
  So he goes, hey, he goes, hey, let's get back in there and we'll take a photo inside.
  And wait, I saw the I saw the photo too.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 You did stolen valor for the escape room.
  Well, that's yes, that is true.
 I didn't think about it like that for a group hang.
  You were part of the group hang.
 Well, right.
  So take that away from you.
 So I go, ah, you guys go ahead and they go, no, come on.
  I go, well, I'm out of the costume.
 I'm out of the fucking jumpsuit or whatever.
  They're like, doesn't matter.
 Come on.
  So now we go through and it's basically looks like an aisle at a party city with like just, you know,  not that I was scared of the actual idea.
 It was just more of like the enclosed spaces.
  I was not scared of being attacked by a minute.
  I swear that is not actually what it was, but it makes you feel even dumber when the lights are on.
  There's a tiny like two room building.
  It's got like wallpaper with brick, like just cheap looking wallpaper with brick.
  And then a guy who is apparently our original guide wearing just a fucking shitty Minotaur costume, just standing there.
  And then we go over by like this, like operating like, you know, bride of Frankenstein operating table and take a photo.
  And I'm just like, this is this is what your brain kept you from this.
  These two dumb little shit rooms, which again, I'm sure it was middle school Halloween.
  Seemingly well done.
 Very well done.
  I just mean like when you see it with the lights on, you go, what is wrong with you?  So imagined fears, I guess.
  I mean, I'm sure there's a lot of stuff going on subconsciously, too.
  But I really I guess just sort of just a general nervousness mixed with whatever that weird face thing I have  where I get like weird.
 And if I am, I'm feeling anxious and I have something on my head.
  You know, this is an insane.
  What's what's what's so weird about this is how it's like it's it's it's such a specific phobia that I haven't heard of.
  And it is provoked like these these serious situations for you.
  But every one of them involves something stupid.
  One, you're in a bunch of like floppy fake flab prosthetics.
  One, you're in a race car helmet with Jeremy Piven and another you turn out.
  You find like a guy in a cheap Minotaur costume.
  Every one of them is something really silly to contrast with the very not silly feelings you're feeling.
  I definitely know what you're talking about with the race car helmet, though, because I in here in beautiful Burbank,  there is a indoor go kart like warehouse and go karts go to like their normal size go karts,  but they can get up to like 40 miles per hour.
  And they put you in a race car helmet and then they're like, and here's your neck brace.
  And I'm like, excuse me.
  So it's like a padding that goes around your neck to supplement the race car helmet.
  And no one it was fine because you're just kind of going like in, you know,  slightly more complicated in the circles basically than and you get hang of it.
  You do like 10 laps and after the first lap or two, everyone kind of gets it.
  But like one or two people were suddenly perpendicular in the track.
  So I get why there are helmets.
  But similarly, yeah, you do it with your I was on Jeremy Piven popped up in your story, too, though.
  Yeah, Jeremy Pivens.
 Yeah, you ran it.
  I put I started pinball and I dropped my keys and when I popped up, he was playing my pinball game.
  Well, that's a real nightmare.
 He steals quarters.
 Yeah.
  Who's in a California role? Well, he did it, too.
  He knows that makes you sick.
 That is that joke is at what?  Ten years old.
 That is pretty neat.
 Yes.
  Jeremy Piven claimed he had mercury poisoning from eating too much sushi while doing a production of David Mamet's speed the plow on Broadway.
  But it was like maybe just to get out of doing it.
 Yeah, he said he was good.
  He said he had mercury poisoning because he ate sushi like every day and the other three to it's only a three person play.
  The other two people were Elizabeth Moss and Bobby Cannavale, I think.
  Like like actor like real.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  A actors and your do you don't include Mr.
 Piven in this list?  No further comment.
 That's right.
  So look, again, I don't want to say like something.
  It's crazy.
 It's obviously just a funny, dumb thing that happened.
  You know, we went out everything I say.
  I think I saved face.
  I entered the night by telling Amy Nicholson about the John Travolta Pitbull video three to tango that I'm very fond of.
  And I think I also I sent her every little step as well from old dogs.
 Oh, great.
  Which you had not seen before covering all those on unspooled.
  Now, exactly.
 They're all they they're inserting them in the top hundred films of all time.
  I told the anecdote about Pitbull inspiring John Travolta to take the to pay off, which I love is a real fact.
  So anyway, so everything is everything is fine.
  I think I saved faces that you told this story to someone.
 Yes.
  So it was a happy and happy ending.
  Ultimately, I mean, I don't know what they're saying, you know, on their own text chains.
  So at the end of the day, I've still the damage is done.
  I do need to go back to, I guess, conquer the Minotaur at a certain point, but I was not prepared to do it in the days following because the feeling had would linger.
  The next day I went to I went to try acupuncture for the first time.
  Oh, and you're so afraid of hell.
  I made a joke about hell.
  I was like hell raiser, but it was in my Achilles tendons.
  I can feel razor was all the pins were just in your your feet after the previous night.
  The spirit is you're like, I want to I want to go somewhere beyond pleasure and pain.
  OK, yes.
  So I was in there and while the guys talking to me about everything, I had a like weird like memory like flashback to it.
  And I was like, oh, because I was wearing the mask in there.
  I was like, oh, it's a tiny room.
 I'm going to be on a table.
  I'm going to be stuck there with pins in me for like 30 minutes.
  Oh, shit.
 And then I like recovered and it's fine.
  And, you know, everything's fine.
  But then I was like, oh, God, this is is this story enough for an episode?  I go, I need to at least go to I need to do horror nights.
  I need to do something to at least redeem myself.
  And that was the plan was to go to at least horror nights again.
  As Jason said, a dependable haunt, you know, something that's not it's what did you call it?  You called it.
 Oh, I called it meat and potatoes and meat and potatoes.
  I was very polished.
  Like, yeah, I I think, yeah, it's a lot of Hollywood, especially Orlando,  Universal Orlando has a lot of original, you know, houses, mazes out here.
  It's a lot of, you know, the big horror characters, Leatherface, Jason Voorhees,  Michael Myers, Michael Myers, Haunting of Hill House was the big new one on both coasts this year.
  Yes, yes.
 Haunted Haunting of Hill House.
  So so, yeah, so I was like, OK, I'll do horror nights.
  But there was a doubt in my mind.
  I had there was a doubt in my mind.
  Like, am I going to I don't think so.
  You're walking through and I'm not going to get stuck in there.
  But I definitely was like, is this going to be weird?  Am I going to be weird when I get there?  So I was pretty like anxious leading up to it.
  Now I invited a friend, Jason and Jason, a guy named Tim, Tim Chang to go with me  who works on the show Grand Cru.
  And I don't want to say I made a mistake, but he immediately was like an hour late or so to meet.
  So like I was at Anahito's at City Walk like for a while.
  I scarcely see the problem.
  I was good.
 I love Anahito's.
  Yeah, I love Anahito's.
  And the bar was closing really like I had gotten there and the bar was like I ended up sitting there after close for a while  and the bar was closing and he's like, hey, yeah, you got to order like right now.
  I go, OK.
  And I pointed at what I thought was like a margarita flight.
  It was just three tequila shots.
  And again, I this was I'm not I did not do that for the show.
  I just literally was like, oh, right.
  This thing is good.
 Eighteen dollars.
  Three things.
 That's the margarita flight.
  All right.
 I didn't say that, but I pointed it and he goes, yeah.
  And he comes over.
 He goes, I want limes with that.
  And I go, yes.
 And then I went, oh, all right.
  All right.
 So I.
  You're also you're describing the way 95 percent of the people do Halloween Horror Nights.
  It's a good point.
 Yes.
  But and I would have preferred if it were like, you know, sipping a cocktail or two before not downing three in a row is pretty.
  Yeah, I had a little because I kind of was waiting for Tim.
  I was waiting for a little while.
  So like there was some space in between.
  OK, but I'm certainly not in tequila shop practice.
  I also just had a beer there.
  I could go in back and forth between.
  You got to get practicing.
  I get in shape at home every night.
  Right.
 At least that anahito's I could get in shape, which is a great establishment.
  Let's go get him.
 I'll go get in shape right now.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  Although it was I think it was 10 o'clock is when they stopped serving.
  So we're getting close nightmare.
  Yeah.
 But we can go back.
  I'm willing to go back.
  So yeah, Tim finally got there and my stomach hurt a little bit from it.
  So we're down.
 We're at a handicap.
  All right.
 At the top.
  Yeah.
 And I will say, you know, we're spoiled on this podcast often when we get invited to press events.
  This was not a press event.
  This was not this was just, you know, buying a ticket.
  And if you don't buy front of the line passes, which are very expensive, the lines are two hours.
  Yes.
 Like 90 minutes, two hours.
  So we were like, oh, we're going to get in like two houses because it's late already.
  And then we're like, OK, so if we really don't get anything done, we can get like a frequent fear pass for an extra like seventy five dollars.
  We can come to more nights or whatever.
  So if we don't get if we don't get all like a lot of stuff done, we can we can do that.
  But actually, towards the end of the night, we made up a ton of time as people left.
  Like our first maze, we waited probably an hour for and then the last three or four, we waited like 20 minutes total for all of them.
  Wow.
 So we ended up doing like everything basically.
  OK.
 And yeah, I did.
  I did all of it and I walked through and it was fine.
  I'm fine.
 OK.
  I'm again, I'm humble.
  I'm your humble king of Southern California haunts.
  Now I've I've learned that hubris is not the way when it comes to bragging about going to haunts and scary things.
  But leaders need to be shaken.
  Vulnerability is what makes a great.
  Yes, it was Trump's great flaw that he refused to admit culpability for thin admit vulnerability.
  That's you know, you're no Trump.
  You're not a king as he aimed to be.
  I have learned a lot from Trump.
  Humble king.
  Now, when it comes to bragging about haunts, Southern California haunts, I was going to say you were getting surreal, real Trumpy.
  Oh, yeah.
  No, I know.
  Kept away.
 Kept saying, I know I'm I'm never scared.
  Believe me.
  Yeah.
 Oh, you know what?  I forgot.
 I'll post a photo of this.
  I have been wearing this Fitbit for the last month or so.
  I noticed that.
  And the Fitbit, you know, it tracks all the stuff that a Fitbit tracks and attracts your heart rate.
  And last Wednesday before the Minotaur, I took a look and boy, was that thing high.
  Boy, was that in the yellow.
  It was not quite as high as when I was running, but boy, it had spiked because I wanted to see if I would be like, was it really that bad?  Oh, yeah, it was.
  Formed a little skull shape.
  Yes.
  Skull and crossbones on my heart rate monitor.
  And I actually haven't checked it at Horror Nights.
  I don't think it was nearly like that, but I wonder maybe if it was like going in.
  That's an interest.
  I'll take a look and I'll post that.
  I was wondering is if you were going to like you, you get there, you take the shots, you're thinking about what happened a few days prior and just the person like checking you in.
  All right.
  So one.
  And then you just yell, you dirty Minotaur and sock him in the face.
  I might just be saying until they bleed and then you're kicked out of the park.
  That might just be like what happens to like a target employee.
  I just see the Minotaur everywhere.
  It might happen next week.
  It might happen in 12 years, but everyone be careful.
  I'm like for a while it is for several decades.
  It is interesting that you bring it up because like the trauma of the Minotaur is now with me forever.
  You're right.
  Like you're right.
  On some level, maybe it just comes out in like the nursing home and like when I'm like 89 and I'm like, oh, like, whatever.
  Are you the Minotaur dear?  And she's like, oh, Michael is talking about the Minotaur again.
  Get the get that syringe of sedatives ready because he really can get wild when the Minotaur comes out, when he thinks he sees the Minotaur.
  I just I don't want to look like a fool in front of people.
  I don't know.
  It's OK.
  You don't look like a fool.
  Yeah.
  No, the minutes.
  Ah, like and then they just have to get on like three people have to get on top of me.
  And then it's a whole thing.
  Mr.
 Carlson isn't allowed to watch.
  He's not allowed to be in the TV room anymore.
  Right.
  And he thinks he thinks he thinks Wheel of Fortune is all Minotaur's.
  He is every letter is a new Minotaur.
  There's like kids come in to like cheer the old people up wearing costumes and one child is dressed as a Minotaur.
  Like a pistol.
  Like I start shooting in the air.
  Get out of here.
  Minotaur.
  You said you were going to screen the costumes.
  That's precisely why I warned you.
  Yeah, no, it's it's it will rear its head some way.
  That is true.
  Don't watch the Shining.
  That's one of the theories of secret messages in the Shining in that Room 237 documentary is there's a lot of like nods to the you know, history of the Minotaur.
  There's a poster Jack Torrance essentially becomes the Minotaur going through the hunting Danny at the end of the movie.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Well, that movies, although I've seen it movie, but no rewatching.
  No rewatch.
  Yeah.
  You've got your your senses out for Minotaur.
  Although I will say seeing the Minotaur in regular light, it does take some of the scariness.
  Well, can we just to backtrack?  Yeah.
  I would say what what did it look like in person and in the light?  And then maybe how does that contrast with what you pictured in your mind?  A higher end Minotaur.
  I truly I you'll have to believe me when I say I was not picture.
  Believe me like Trump.
  Folks believe me.
  I wasn't that's and believe me.
  Like that's the that is what the liar says before he lies.
  So I guess I should not have said believe me.
  I'm friends with many Minotaur is you'll never find anyone who likes Minotaur is more than believe me.
  Believe me.
  Believe me.
  Believe me.
  No.
  OK.
  Scratch the part where I say believe me.
  I did not have an image of what the Minotaur was.
  I don't think I even am a little like is like he's got like his head's got like a hammerhead shark.
  He's got like horns.
  Yeah.
  I imagine that.
  Honestly, I imagine the Minotaur sort of being like maybe my height and like just like sort of a bigger guy, big in stature and just sort of imposing.
  I think the Minotaur was maybe like 511 skinnier than me.
  Damn Minotaur.
  Minotaur working out.
  The Minotaur was in great shape.
  Very.
  Yeah.
  Probably could run pretty fast.
  Minotaur is a vegan.
  Yeah.
  It was a very healthy healthy Minotaur.
  I would say it looked like a health conscious.
  Lean is the perfect word for the Minotaur.
  Jason, thank you.
  So yeah, I didn't really have a vision of the minister.
  Eva said that when this is also any all this all the details make me feel just even more silly.
  She said like when the Minotaur would catch you, you would go like, ah, and then he would like lightly touch your shoulders and like turn you around just kind of like nudge you toward where you're supposed to be.
  You toward where you're supposed to go.
  Oh my God, the Minotaur is here.
  He's like tapping you and he like suggests the direction in which you will go up a more degrees.
  Thank you.
  Okay.
  Which is really what happens when like going to any of these things after a while.
  You're like, oh yeah, they're just going to like come up to me and go.
  And you go, yeah, okay.
  Well, that's why I'm kind of interested because like clearly if they're gently like, all right, now you're out.
  You go in the cage, you know, they understand the concept of liability and like, well, you can't manhandle them into wall.
  So I'm surprised they didn't have like a procedure in place for like what happens if someone has a panic attack?  Can you take them out and bring them back in?  I mean, they have they have the X, the X, I got the X.
  They have the X.
  Oh, yeah.
  Okay.
  But they don't.
  Yeah, they don't have like a way to integrate them back into society or something like into the group.
  Yes.
  This theatrical companies can't help you process what you're going through now.
  There's a okay.
  So what they should have done is the guy playing the doctor comes out and he kind of does like a therapy session with me real quick.
  Like, what's the root of this?  Do you think?  And then we get to the bottom of it.
  I solve it.
  And then I go back in now with with the tools to to attack the minutes are let's do the worksheet.
  Is this likely to happen?  Is it possible that it's going to happen or is it the worst case scenario?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So do you think is there a childhood thing on your face?  What do you mean?  Was there like, I don't know, like what's flashing through my mind is like I wanted to be Batman for Halloween.
  And then it's like, but your parents put on the mask backwards.
  So for a minute you didn't have your cowl with the big hole in it.
  Or was there something worse like a big octopus like jumped on your face?  I don't know.
  An ocean trip.
  Well, like a starro type alien.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  To my face and controlled controlled me for a couple of weeks.
  I'm worried that's what you're going to dream about tonight.
  Now I hope not.
  I can't.
  I'm glad I watched Suicide Squad before doing this.
  Is there a thing like a starro starro is a DC Comics villain and it's a big starfish like shoots little starfish and they attach themselves to your face.
  Oh God.
  And then they control you or starro does, I guess.
  That's a good question.
  I don't as far as like Halloween costumes as a kid, I always wanted like more stuff on my I feel like I when I was Darkwing Duck, I was really dissatisfied with the homemade like duck beak we made because it was just a flat piece of cardboard.
  It was not some three dimensional duck bill.
  So I feel like it was always like I was always upset that there weren't more things on my face in general.
  I remember I was like the Ninja Turtle and you'd have like the mask with the little plastic like snout the turtle snout.
  Yeah, yeah, those were just okay.
  But they were fine.
  And like there was a kid I think I'm sure I've said this before a kid in my classes.
  He's like mom so these like immaculate turtle costumes for second graders with like the full head on his head.
  And I was like, what the hell?  I look like shit.
  Like, like it would be so funny because that would have that would be a common thing in Halloween.
  You're like, I look like shit.
  And this kid looks fantastic.
  When you said Darkwing Duck, I did flash to having a friend with an immaculate Darkwing Duck costume and how how sad it made me feel that there's just no way was going to I knew I of course I'm never getting anywhere close.
  Yeah, I mean the best honestly the best costume I ever wore, maybe the most accurate one.
  It's between two.
  It's I was the Mad Hatter from the Batman animated series, which is pretty easy.
  Blue coat, big hat.
  You can make that easily.
  The other one is I think in junior high I was Chris Kattan's famous character as rail abyss the Prince of sorrow from goth talk.
  And I look exactly like Chris Kattan in these pictures.
  I should find now sketches written by Dennis McNicholas.
  I believe is that right?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  I think he was a little Florida gothie.
  Wow.
  I'm pretty sure that's a great tip for Pete for Halloween.
  You pick something achievable.
  Yes.
  Well, because because everything when you're a kid is like I want to look exactly like this cartoon character.
  And it's like that is not going to fly or a cartoon.
  Yeah.
  Like we buy my sister and I were Fred Flintstone in Pebbles one year, which was like, you know, fun felt thing.
  And you can make that outfit pretty easily.
  But like I was like kind of looking at my I'm like I don't my face doesn't appear to be like Fred's face.
  I would I would like to look more like Fred.
  And I wish we had like my sister really should have been the great zoo.
  Let's be honest.
  See, I would pick a thing and stick with it for like two or three years.
  I mean, I think the best one I had was like the Ghostbusters jumpsuit because I already had the toy proton pack.
  That's easy.
  Yeah.
  Jumpsuits were sold everywhere like kids like onesie jumpsuit kind of things.
  And then Ninja Turtles.
  I think I was practically wearing Ninja Turtle pajamas and like a felt mask.
  Which which turtle?  Michelangelo.
  OK.
  And then Ninja Turtle.
  God, I feel like I was, but I can't maybe I wasn't.
  I don't know.
  I was I was two years in a row.
  I was Michelangelo and I was Rafael the next year.
  I think I did a Ninja Turtle face paint at something where I had a lot of pictures taken.
  But I think maybe not the full physical costume.
  Yeah.
  Then when I was older, I was getting fucking lazy.
  I was like we got a man had her had it up like family party.
  I'm wearing this with an old sport coat of my dad's.
  And then the next year I was like sport coat and the Frankenstein mask that's been in the garage since the late 80s that my dad when we were kids, he came out wearing once and he went, ah, and we went just started screaming like just started like, ah, and I was like, I'm going to use that.
  And then in college, I was the super exhausting guy and I was not the only one at parties dressed like Hunter Thompson.
  But that was a very easy.
  You just needed a bucket hat, an aviators and a cigarette.
  And I encountered numerous other Hawaiian shirt.
  Hunter Thompson, I think you're bringing this up.
  Call you bring this memory back up.
  I'm pretty sure there's a picture of me that I have where I said my costume was Ari Gold from on.
  Whoa, pretty sure all ties together.
  So it all ties together.
  I'll tell you this easy steer men in black.
  Easy.
  Oh, that's yeah, that's easy.
  Old suit.
  Got it.
  Sunglasses done.
  I like suit with the black Ray Bans on.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Nod your nod your head.
  Everyone was nodding their head.
  Your head and then the superior song to according to Jason, obviously, the man according to the world now.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't have we in all these haunt cast years, have we not just posted old Halloween photos?  Maybe not.
  That seems like pretty basic and we should because and I'll I'll go find my it was certainly not my best costume, but I was it was my favorite was this when I was Indiana Jones one year and it was there was entirely off of the ride.
  It was the year that the ride was.
  I was obsessed with the ride.
  Despite being like so so wimpy to go on at the first screaming the entire ride.
  I'm having a Minotaur moment or a Lindsay on the tower.
  It's really I was always embarrassed to the point where my dad is like you have to not OK.
  Do you want to like 10 11?  OK.
  Too old for that and like why are he's just a why are we waiting for hours and you're going to do this?  I like so bad so wimpy but then you know loved it obviously and then I got to be Indiana Jones this year and I think that I didn't even try to find a brown jacket.
  I think I think it was like a like a Navy green basically.
  The color is not even right and then it's just kind of like a regular fedora just like you know should be in a school guys and dolls production and it's so that's the costume and then I think I had a rubber snake and that I just I don't know what would I why would I have that?  You don't want this.
  I want to be anywhere.
  The last thing I should be holding right from Indiana Jones and then I just kind of put like soot on my face a little like I got like like banged up or was you know going through a cave or something and this.
  I'll try to find this photo because what what I think I look like at this age versus what I look I'm doing this face that's like like I think I'm a minotaur and then like I am just the reddest little cherub.
  It is like it is the least tough photo ever taken and it was ride based.
  Yeah, because I think I probably had seen one of the movies but then I was after that then I like plowed through.
  Yeah, that's interesting because I never I mean I never even thought of it as a kid to go ride based for a costume.
  That's pretty deep.
  I mean even that is not you know it's that's on the line.
  It's movies too.
  Sure, that's true.
  I think you got to be pretty we I think we were all into the parks early on but I think to be like I'm dream finder and you're eight is that's pretty quick to the chase.
  That's true.
  Did you ever do a parks costume?  No, never.
  I mean the the parks were things that I did with my family's like we went this summer and then I came back and I'm like well can I have to cherish these memories and souvenirs for a few more years until we go back again and speak of it to no one and speak.
  I'll never know anyone who likes any of this.
  I remember one time I ran into someone I went to school with in Florida at a park and I thought we I think everyone had the like oh hello hi and then we just kind of went on our way like it wasn't it wasn't a person I was very close with but yeah I didn't I didn't talk about it at all.
  I think you both were in some seedy environment you didn't want to even talk and like acknowledge each other.
  Yes.
  Like all right don't tell my wife if you don't tell your like just keep this quiet if you know what I'm saying here.
  We still haven't nobody's done parks based costume oh well I was Captain EO one year.
  Uh huh.
  Sure.
  So that counts I guess.
  Yeah I'm trying to I don't know I haven't really done too much.
  I have been a Ninja Turtle in my adult years and I looked even shittier than when I did as a child.
  Wait this let me bring it back around I have the theory of when you were saying all that you couldn't get enough stuff on my face.
  Is that the root of it.
  Oh is it bringing me is it this inverse shame of like that you wanted to have as much stuff on your face as possible to complete an illusion and it brings you back to the shame of not being able to and now you don't want to get anywhere near it you don't want anything.
  Anything at all on your face.
  Yeah do you have a third act resolution to your trauma.
  We got to solve it during this podcast length.
  I mean I really if I'm trying to psychoanalyze myself I don't think it's I don't think it's that I just want so much stuff on my face all the time.
  Doesn't seem right.
  Doesn't seem right.
  Doesn't seem like something anyone would want.
  If I was like maybe like Johnny Depp and I had like six ear piercing and earrings and like Steve Scarf like Steven Tyler's scarves and like uh like Bono sunglasses like a combination of all my favorite people on the planet.
  Yeah.
  Coolest best people.
  The coolest guys.
  Sunglasses and then like I don't know like a little Steven sort of like babushka that he wears.
  Maybe then I think that would be right but I don't think so.
  I don't have a lot of stuff.
  I'm wearing headphones now but that's just now you have to.
  It's practical.
  I got a like we're in my garage and I got like my like costume crates up there you know from various videos or sketches or whatever it is.
  I just start putting let's just conquer it now.
  I'll just start spirit gumming everything I got.
  It doesn't even have to like line up to wear a mustache.
  You already got facial hair so let's just like put mustaches willy nilly all over your cheeks.
  And then you have to set me covering your eyes.
  Then set me loose in your dark house.
  That I think is the extra element to it.
  Is that I have to be set loose in a place that I don't know exactly where I am and the layout is.
  Find a way out.
  Yeah.
  To try not to wake a child.
  Well I guess I should have known this was a path to having my family murdered while a die minotaur was screamed.
  I could have guessed that from miles away and yet I let it happen.
  So it's eggs on my face.
  Yeah.
  No it's your fault.
  So we can quit.
  What's that?  Oh I was going to say so highlights of Horror Nights.
  Oh sure.
  What did you enjoy?  Yeah.
  Horror Nights is yeah you were saying Horror Nights is very much kind of like standard like not sticks.
  Obviously they have original IP.
  They get a little more license to do stuff.
  I'd also say like they I don't know why I'm starting out by criticizing Universal again but they get they just have some different like stuff that surprises me more than Universal.
  Now Universal has a couple things like what's the Pandora's Box maze.
  That's an original thing.
  And I feel like that one's the best.
  You watched all these as well.
  I yeah I believe I saw that one.
  Yeah they have been dabbling the last few years in like one or two original mazes.
  Yeah and that one is like really kind of stark.
  There's like a lot of neon paint and like you're going through ruins and there's like skeleton people reaching out at you.
  And then there's like some sort of like I don't know what the legend is but some sort of God and he's a man he's kind of like a lot of the you know gags or whatever you call it or like is that a real person or is that a statue.
  And there's a man like kind of sitting on a throne and he's very very still and he stands up and he's wearing stilts so he's giant all of it like you don't even kind of realize it.
  You think like OK maybe that's just like a dummy.
  Oh wait he stood up.
  He is eight feet tall and now he is like like waving his arms at me and I kind of run past him.
  Yeah so like that one I think might have been our both of our favorites going through it because it was a little unexpected because they sometimes like with Exorcist.
  And we had just watched or rewatched it.
  Have you guys seen Exorcist.
  I've never seen it.
  A long time ago.
  They kind of do a thing with Exorcist where the maze where it's basically doing like it's progressing through the movie because so much of the movie or the climax of the movie is the little girl in the bed just going through this transformation.
  The priest comes he tries to perform the exorcism.
  Spoiler alert people die.
  She's vomiting.
  She's twisting her head around.
  There's all this different crazy stuff.
  So you kind of go and see four different versions of the bedroom scene.
  So you go in and she's just in there once you go through this like hallway where like spirits are like you know again like throwing their arms at you and then you go into the bedroom now she's even more possessed even more.
  And then like the fourth scene is like the priest is dead on the bed.
  She's screaming at you.
  There's some one really like giving all their energy.
  So like that's cool.
  That's that's cool for different especially if you're like an Exorcist fan.
  But it's like not as surprising I guess.
  Yeah.
  As some as like an original thing.
  They had Halloween for which I have not seen.
  I've only seen the first two Halloween.
  Have you seen Halloween?  Yeah.
  Last year we watched the David Gordon Green one and then we watched the original one and then we watched the original one.
  And then we watched the original one and then Halloween to this the Wes Craven sequel Halloween three is season of the witch where there is no Michael.
  Yeah right.
  Michael Halloween four is when Michael's back.
  Yes.
  And I just I was just talking to this friend or this could sidetrack us which is fine I'm sure because Michael Myers mask is a William Shatner mask.
  Oh yeah.
  Which I was like oh you.
  Does he mad about that.
  I'm just looking up and it seems like he is.
  I think he is mad.
  He's never got any money from that.
  It's like I was driving down Lancashire to Horror Nights and there's a big poster for the new Halloween and I'm looking at them like it is just William Shatner space.
  Never stared at it with that thought.
  I always forget who it is.
  I know it's when you think about it you will never not see it ever again.
  It's William Shatner who is going into space when this comes out he will have already been back.
  He's going to space tomorrow.
  I'm sure he's going to space tomorrow.
  He's going on Jeff Bezos is Blue Origin spaceship tomorrow at like 5 a.
m.
  He's 90 years old.
  Oh my God.
  He is going into space for 15 minutes tomorrow.
  Will have happened.
  Will have happened.
  This is you were describing we've talked about our desire to not kill.
  This is the worst recipe for.
  Oh no.
  Elderly man in space.
  Here's the thing though you guys enjoy.
  You guys will never hear this.
  If something bad happens.
  Fastest cut.
  This will be cut.
  Well I can't wait for him to land safely so you can hear this.
  Yes.
  He must.
  He will.
  He will love it.
  So yeah.
  Halloween for Michael Myers is scare.
  I am pretty scared of Michael Myers I think in general.
  I think like like what you say you're more scared of Michael Myers or Freddy Krueger because I think Michael Myers even though Freddy Krueger is grosser.
  He's still like more like silly.
  He's affable you know.
  I think.
  It might be Michael.
  I haven't watched a lot of the nightmare on Elm Street.
  I don't know what show the fine streaming services have them right now.
  But HBO Max has the Freddy movies.
  And Peacock has Halloween.
  No it's Peacock.
  The Halloween movies at least the early ones might be buoyed by just Wes Craven is so good.
  The music is so good.
  Yeah.
  He's such a good director especially that first one where he's doing so much with so little.
  I watch Nightmare on Elm Street.
  I watch it.
  And I was like this is a pretty good movie too.
  Like this is a good like the music is pretty cool.
  I like a lot of those silly early ones.
  And they're like synthy soundtracks like which are fun.
  And yeah it's like got some scares and it's gross and whatever.
  And yeah so but I think I'm more scared of Michael Myers although I guess if it was like a Freddy Krueger maze maybe I would be more grossed out by Freddy Krueger.
  Because he's grosser.
  Freddy versus Michael versus Minotaur.
  Freddy versus Michael Carlson versus Minotaur.
  Yeah no that is that'll be my nightmare tonight.
  It will not be out how Freddy Krueger can attack you in his dreams.
  Minotaur can attack me in my dreams.
  The Minotaur will be haunting me and I will have to like trap it and bring it to the real world.
  So if I see a slain Minotaur on my porch tomorrow.
  Yeah you'll know.
  Well alright well good for Mike.
  Wish me luck because I got to go in the dream world.
  I got to go in the void and kill a fucking Minotaur.
  Okay fun.
  So Michael Myers they they they they they they they they they have a lot of fun.
  I mean like they're like a good little group of people.
  Okay fun.
  The so Michael Myers they they it is really it is unnerving to see Michael Myers like just waving the knife at you.
  And they do a thing and it's kind of they do the same gag or I keep calling him gags whatever trick or same kind of type scares.
  Thank you.
  Where you know there's a lot of again static figures and I think I said this on one of the other Haunt episodes.
  Nothing actually freaks my brain out more than when I step into a room and I see like five static figures and I'm just I'm like so fast trying to figure out who's a person.
  Yeah.
  And I go oh god like I'm like I'm trying to figure out immediately and they do this trick at the end of the Halloween four maze and it's it all of a sudden we turn and we're in like a hall of mirrors.
  And I go oh no.
  So I'm like seeing Michael Myers here and there or whatever.
  And then you turn down a corridor and there are five of them or five Michael Myers and I'm walking through and to answer the question I immediately had of how many of them are real.
  All five of them are real.
  Oh.
  They all come to life right at the end waving their arms at you like ah like run right out and I'm in the exit.
  And I was like all right that was pretty good at the end.
  And they have a similar one.
  I forget which one they do a similar thing only with like characters in paintings where all of a sudden there's five people in this little tiny space lunging their arms at you right at the very end before it which leaves you going oh good.
  You're feeling these like you're getting the jolts you're getting the that you're getting what you had in 2019.
  Yes.
  If you're asking did I get my mojo back a little bit.
  Yes.
  Like Austin Powers I did feel my mojo coming back.
  Not fully.
  Did you pop?  Did they make you pop?  Did the monsters make you pop?  I popped for the end of that Halloween maze.
  I popped for the stilt man on Pandora's box.
  I popped for like the really like rock and roll Bride of Frankenstein lives like soundtrack like the slash like the whole time you're in there.
  I was like this is good.
  I like this.
  There's a tall man in Hill House too.
  Yes.
  There is a tall man and then Frankenstein Frankenstein's monster makes an appearance at the very end of the the Bride of Frankenstein lives.
  And he is very tall as well and lunged at me and I was disappointed that he didn't lunge at me more.
  I was like I like Frankenstein.
  I'm such a Frankenstein mark.
  Yeah.
  I popped for Frankenstein at the end is what I'm saying.
  Yes.
  But there's a tall man in Hill House and I did not watch I watched a little of you saw the whole Netflix.
  I watched the whole thing and I and read the book right around the same time.
  Yeah.
  Because Lindsay and I were talking in an episode about the book and I sent her.
  Yeah.
  We know you read guys.
  La la la.
  Push those glasses up Dexter.
  I did.
  To be fair Jason did.
  These are really aging.
  I sent this tweet to her because at the Universal Orlando there is a tent called Nell's Tea Party Sandwiches which is very funny in the context of Hill House because the show is this very like long drawn out.
  Right.
  Yes.
  Creepy.
  The books even more like long generational trauma.
  The ghosts are like bad memories and stuff.
  And then the very first thing on the menu stuffed brisket.
  And then the last thing on the menu Luke's grilled cheese traditional grilled cheese.
  So kind of runs the gamut.
  Right.
  Was there what item you would have preferred if you had gone.
  Like like if you could make like a cucumber sandwich of misery.
  Cucumber sandwich and they asked you.
  You're inventing one.
  Yeah.
  I mean I probably the tempeh Reuben.
  I like tempeh.
  Is there is is.
  If you're asking what's on the menu I probably would have gone with the tempeh Reuben.
  I don't really like barbecue and beef.
  If you bring now that you bring it up though from watching Hill House.
  Yeah.
  Is there is like the blue milk.
  Is there a Hill House delicacy that you were just dreaming of trying like heroin.
  I mean I guess they do heroin.
  The one guy.
  Yeah.
  The one guy used to do heroin.
  I mean that's what was funny to me about watching the Hill House footage is that the show is  like long takes monologues creeping music and then occasionally like a ghoul.
  And then the haunted house like has a pretty cool facade inside but immediately blasting  you with music and screams and loud voices because that's one of the tricks of these  mazes is that they throw you off the guard with a sonic assault right at the beginning.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Well they all all the especially horror nights all of the scares and I'm probably repeating  myself from two years ago all the scares are punctuated by and I believe we figured out  I think that they're controlled by the scare actors.
  So and I think we noticed there was at least for a few people there was like a little maybe  monitor like maybe a infrared or not or no what do you call it.
  Yeah.
  Infrared night vision night vision.
  Thank you.
  Where you they could see in the dark who was coming because like certain people if you're  in a little window you're going to be throwing your arms out and you can't hit someone in  the head.
  So you have to kind of be able to see in the dark that no one's in front of you to be able  to throw your arms out there.
  And then I think also self cue the very loud like string hit and maybe a scream and then  turn the light on so they can see you.
  So they're kind of like doing this little like they're kind of like working working  like equipment kind of in a V booth.
  Exactly.
  So yeah if you're if they're doing one of those jump scares in a hallway or something  they have to do more than just the people walking around like playing the priest or  playing you know like the Bride of Frankenstein who's just like in a crazy like room and like  reacting to the electricity and then like waving scissors at my neck like she doesn't  have to work a button I don't think.
  But yeah yeah that's that's a big part of it.
  I should say this and this was very well I guess not very exciting but good to get to  the Halloween for maze you have to walk through an empty water world theater.
  Oh yeah.
  So you walk all the way around it and then you walk all the way kind of through it and  it's completely empty and desolate and then you get to the Halloween for entrance which  thematically I don't know by the employee break through the office building where you  do H.
R.
  Yeah like the H.
R.
 people had to go to a different building and then.
  And then yeah so so it is fun to see where all the different things are positioned because  like they open up the like they open up the area behind Hogsmeade in the Harry Potter  land for a bunch of mazes.
  You walk straight back there and I don't even know the geography it's obviously somewhere  on the back lot behind City Walk but like the bunch of mazes over there there's a maze  over by Waterworld there's a maze by like the French like street that's where the Bride  of Frankenstein lives is and all that junk over there.
  Yeah well they have secret life pets not far from there now.
  No that part's not yeah yeah but there's like a weird unfocused like uh huh.
  Well there was like the world area with nothing to do.
  Yeah exactly so like but there were like they sort of had like evil Cirque du Soleil  performers walking around so I was like you know this is actually kind of on point.
  I actually appreciate this.
  So yeah I mean it was good I felt I felt at the end I go okay all right you're not you  haven't totally lost it.
  Yeah doesn't seem like it.
  And it is fun there's a lot of there's a lot of dubstep going on outside loud dubstep.
  Great good.
  Which I do like again I like a douchey pool party in Las Vegas so hearing loud dubstep  makes me happy.
  I'm confused by that one I don't know what's what makes you like that.
  I mean it depends I mean there's there's better versions of it than others but I don't  know I like sipping a cocktail and being like just pummeled with music and in the water.
  I like that I don't know why.
  You don't want to relax.
  I like that too.
  Okay okay.
  I like that too yeah but it all depends if it's like crazy.
  I also like a crazy looking scene.
  I think I do like I enjoy like watching a weird scene like that.
  Well I I had the experience in the summer at a Vegas pool like I went down once in the  afternoon and they were playing like yeah Bruno Mars or whatever like very loud and  then I went the next day at like eight or nine in the morning it was just very like  quiet jazz.
  Like they have different playlists for like different types of day and I'm like oh that's  really smart.
  So so yeah I would if yeah if you're on the fence horror nights they got the vaccine  mandates you got to show you now look is this a foolproof system.
  I don't think so.
  I flashed my phone at someone and they went huh yeah okay.
  There wasn't exactly like a background search.
  They didn't test my blood to see.
  Oh Moderna yeah okay go through.
  They scanned you.
  Yeah they did.
  All right he's got the Moderna chips in his system.
  Yeah yeah.
  He's got the Johnson and Johnson government.
  The trackers says let him through.
  Yeah yeah I can see that his blood is a bit cowardly tonight.
  But other than that he's vaccinated.
  You know one of those shitty right wing theme park Twitter accounts was just saying like  universal attendance plummets in wake of vaccine.
  Guys what are you trying to do.
  What.
  Why.
  What is the end game of combining right wing politics.
  With theme park.
  Maybe these things aren't supposed to go together.
  Walter not.
  And no it's not supposed to go together.
  But he got what because he took care of it 50 years.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  And Walter Disney.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  He just you know subtly.
  But he didn't have a freedom center.
  It's what they managed to take time out of their busy schedule of eight Johnny Depp posts  a day to trade about how universal is effectively killed their entire theme park business with  a vaccine mandate that they don't really enforce.
  I will say I will say universal's Horror Nights was sold out.
  It was hacked of course.
  There was no problem as far as I could tell of them selling.
  I have I have been struggling with like going to theme parks and like oh that's right.
  This is what full attendance feels like.
  This keeps happening.
  I love it.
  Like SeaWorld was so crowded.
  I'm like oh God I really miss these like the cramped only 30 percent allowed.
  Not even for like health and safety reasons.
  Just like oh man I hate the crowd so much.
  We try you know we actually inquired at the start we were like oh how much is that front of the line pass.
  They were like we are sold out of that.
  We can not give you one.
  Oh wow.
  OK.
  Fuck you for asking.
  Don't even look at us.
  They were upset.
  But we can't.
  We should really wrap up here.
  But yeah Disneyland is getting crazy and everyone said like oh and fast pass goes away.
  It's actually going to be better because the lines are going to be not long anymore.
  So that's bullshit right.
  Well I know there were people complaining a week or two ago that it's like there were no reservations available.
  And I went to bed.
  I didn't find October was mostly booked for me.
  I went to bed.
  I woke up.
  There was a bunch of open days.
  So I took it.
  And then the next day there were even more open days.
  And I am down there.
  Yeah I was complaining.
  All right.
  I was down there.
  It was like the most crowded day I had seen in years.
  And I'm like take reservation like make the pool smaller.
  What are you doing.
  Don't know.
  Don't add more availability.
  It's not working.
  Whatever the current availability.
  Yeah.
  I mean I have a lot of thoughts about it.
  But we'll do that somewhere else.
  I do want to say OK I want to wrap up here.
  I do want to say next year we already talked a little bit.
  Next year we're going to have a lot of people coming in.
  We're going to have a lot of people coming in.
  We're going to have a lot of people coming in.
  We're going to have a lot of people coming in.
  We're going to have a lot of people coming in.
  I do want to say OK I want to wrap up here.
  I do want to say next year we already talked a little bit next year.
  Secret episode secret ambitious episode Jason getting brave fright fest 2.
  And I will I would like to conquer a minute are somewhere.
  I don't know if it's a different escape room.
  Maybe it doesn't even happen.
  I'll maybe happens before.
  But I will conquer the minotaur whether it's a literal minotaur or just the minotaur of a horror escape room.
  Beating up a high school football team.
  I'm going to be the minotaurs beating up the minotaur.
  I drive my car or the football field beat up a high school football mascot.
  That's funny.
  The Smiths like a clip show or something.
  That's like a viral video of like mascot fight.
  Yeah.
  Drunken fan punches mascot.
  If you don't want to victimize anybody in particular you could just get like get a big fight.
  Get a minotaur costume.
  Fill it up with fluff and garbage and then like tackle it.
  OK.
  You know well I could be that's that seems like great live show material to me.
  Everybody cheers you on.
  Well you point to demolish a minotaur.
  We can fill it with blood bags.
  Also we will fill whatever menu this is.
  And Largo's stage will run right.
  This is a Largo.
  Yeah.
  Here's the show.
  How is scary farm.
  Oh that's good.
  We didn't do a ton there.
  We honestly we spent so much time.
  That was not.
  I should mention more of nots because that's what it's always nice enough to invite us.
  And they had a big dubstep but also like 90s pop music loud outdoor like have fun and food and drink.
  And we spent most of our time there.
  We were we certainly had a few scares there but we were like this is great.
  We're having a really good time listening to loud music.
  I didn't even it's over like kind of that.
  I mean there's a lot of corners of nots where you're like I don't know really where we are but it was like deep in the corner like when you come and go to the right.
  Yeah.
  Nots was fun.
  We did so many the maze were the same and we were still like I don't know.
  No one's wearing a mask in these mazes.
  We were like well let's not do a ton of things.
  But we got scared by people on this like there were still tons of scare actors out as you go through those like scare zones.
  We did of course our beloved Halloween version.
  I think Scott you did this as well of the log flume of the name of it.
  I don't think Timber Mountain log.
  Timber Mountain.
  Thank you.
  My brain shot.
  The bear did not say trick or treat to us.
  Did he say it to you.
  I did.
  Why didn't do it this year.
  Oh you didn't.
  So I couldn't tell you.
  The bear I don't know if he was broken but as we said a couple of years ago we love this bear who says trick or treat.
  The opposite of the Minotaur.
  Yeah.
  So that was great.
  And nots is fun.
  We also saw and oh man we're running over here but we also saw the new version of the man tea party.
  Now what is this like a literal band.
  It's the band.
  Yes it is.
  And I totally was not prepared to talk about this but I'm trying and I'm trying to remember the name of the band.
  But they did like enter saying yeah look it up.
  They did like enter saying they did some old mad tea party favorites like enter Sandman.
  Like the chicken dance.
  They did.
  YMCA.
  They're not a wedding band.
  Of a Nagila.
  No no.
  They're cool.
  They play cool music.
  They played rhythm nation remember and you were impressed by that when we did it.
  Like you're a little overstating how impressed.
  You were clicking on to any any positive reaction.
  You were blown away when I said they did rhythm nation.
  Skr song rhythm nation.
  Yeah they did.
  Let's let's go crazy.
  No they did not play that at Nats but they were doing darker.
  They were doing darker songs you know like the Foo Fighters the Pretender.
  Which is like that's a song about a costume heavier song.
  Anyone wearing a costume is a pretender.
  That's a very good point and that's probably the thought process behind it.
  Jason have you found it.
  Yes.
  Carnival do grotesque featuring hiatus.
  Yes.
  The name of the band hiatus.
  I believe on the big main stage it is Carnival did grotesque.
  Is that what it is.
  Yes.
  Featuring the band hiatus.
  So I don't know if it's every single member of the Mad Tea Party but I believe it's definitely Alice and the Mad Hatter.
  They are now in like you know they're not wearing those clothes but they they have the old chemistry.
  The band sounds good.
  I was just I was so pleased to hear live music again as well.
  Just going like oh wow.
  I guess if that's the bar.
  Yeah.
  They are playing live music.
  I have some video I should post that as well really.
  I totally forgot that I should have been talking a lot more about that.
  You already did post that.
  You're going to post more.
  I have more yeah I have more.
  Yeah.
  But we hadn't discussed it on the show so more content because people obviously now they thought we were at the end.
  Now it's a little a little surprise treat.
  They're like oh hiatus the band that used to play at California Adventure during the outdoor festival the Mad Tea Party.
  I was thinking weeks ago that Mike did not get his point across with a single clip.
  When is Mike going to post more carnival de grotesque featuring hiatus.
  They've all been tweeting this.
  This is like five Mike Myers.
  You know it's a final little touch at the end.
  We almost buried the lead.
  By the way if you don't know we're talking about there was a second game.
  A lot of this is on the second game.
  We talked about this thing that happened and there's some disagreement about how good quality of the thing.
  Some of us thought it was really good and then somebody else thought it was just good.
  I won't say who.
  Something like that.
  I will say at Knott's they have a new area over by the the Berry Tales that's kind of like a roaring like ghosts of the roaring 20s.
  And they have like a big band that sounded really cool.
  And then there's like hey look at that like guys all doing the voice.
  Which I was like this is a right up Jason's alley like you would have loved this.
  And now yeah there's a lot of cool stuff at Knott's even if you're not going to go in the scare zones and are in the actual mazes.
  Like they really seem like I would say Horror Nights definitely felt like smaller than it did two years ago.
  Where it was like Ghostbusters and that felt like really big and ambitious.
  This one felt a little bit smaller but Knott's felt like they were going bigger and doing different stuff too.
  In addition to just a lot of the same mazes.
  But it like felt like they were even flushing more of their like I don't know Knott's IP out into the park too.
  So that's highly recommended.
  I might I might go back to Knott's in the next week or two.
  It was fun.
  So if there's any Minotaurs hiding at Knott's.
  I don't think there's a minute.
  Watch your asses out.
  Watch your horned asses out.
  I assume the Minotaurs also have horns coming out of their butts.
  Yeah they have horns.
  Any orifice on a Minotaur there's a horn protruding.
  Their urethra, their anus.
  That's why they're so mad.
  They can't poop or pee.
  If you had horns coming out of your pee hole you would be very upset all the time.
  I don't think I mean look is there a Minotaur at Knott's?  But the Minotaur is my I guess is my mortal enemy now.
  So it will follow me everywhere.
  It's almost like some sort of beast who hunts you through the maze of life.
  As if it was some sort of Minotaur.
  Well I guess that doesn't work.
  Oh well.
  Yeah.
  Oh I think there might be a Minotaur in a new one of these new mazes.
  There is.
  There's maybe a Minotaur at Knott's.
  I got it.
  I got to double check.
  I think I saw the Delusion.
  If you recall on the Delusion show we saw like a stack of rocks suddenly came to life.
  Oh yeah there was a rock man.
  A giant rock monster.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  So I will conquer it maybe multiple times.
  Maybe I'll just take it on the road as Scott's saying and I will destroy or bloody every stage from now on every time we do a live show.
  Oh wait this is upgraded from once to every performance.
  It's like a Gallagher.
  Every live show.
  It's a Gallagher kind of a thing now.
  Let's bring out the Minotaur.
  Everybody puts their tarps up.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  And then I take a big sledgehammer and I smash the Minotaur's head and everybody gets bloody.
  It's fun.
  I'll be honest that sounds like the best touring spectacle that exists.
  That is straight to the front of the line.
  It's a show.
  We get to we leisurely talk about theme parks for a while and then there's a live Minotaur fight.
  Extra bloody.
  Oh man if I could have like a wrestling match with the Minotaur.
  Somebody's got to play him though I guess.
  I suppose so.
  Yeah all right well.
  If you're if you're brave enough do you accept the challenge to play the ultimate role of the Minotaur.
  We just learned about the boxing or wrestling dinosaurs show.
  Oh shit yeah we did.
  You could probably fight a Minotaur two dinosaurs can fight in a wrestling ring.
  That's true.
  So all right well I'll work on it.
  Be on the lookout in future every live in every single live show and until then you survived haunt cast the fright.
  Hey we got to follow us on all the socials and I don't know my notes in front of me.
  What's the stuff go to our public where there's merch and there's three bonus episodes every month.
  And this month it is behind the cemetery gate haunt cast the cemetery gate at Patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  We just covered up its haunted mansion with Griffin Newman which was fun and more spooky stuff coming over there.
  And I'd like to just say that I'm getting my mojo back baby.
  Swing swing.
  Well good night.
  I'm the I'm the Prince of sorrow.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
