 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to the Splendor, the Spectacle, the Sparkling Sensation, the second gate of podcast,  the Ride, where today we talk SpectroMagic.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Hi, I'm here, yes, and we're talking about SpectroMagic.
  We're talking about SpectroMagic, and that gives me the question,  how does the third host feel about this, Jason Sheridan, today's topic, SpectroMagic?  Oh, I'm not thrilled.
  The week of my birth, the week of my birthday.
  Oh, right.
  You have to share the week.
  Early October is associated with joy for you, but fright for others.
  And now Spectromen could be lurking around any quarter.
  So when birthday season rolls around, when the weather starts to feel that way,  you should be elated, but instead you're worried these guys could pop out from a bush or something.
  I am worried that a glowing ball is just going to spin right out,  fresh out of the kingdom of light-spiration and get my ass.
  Are you concerned that an Ellen-style prank is about to be pulled on you?  That perhaps Scott and I, or I, have arranged a couple men to dress up as.
.
.
  No, they were sent back to hell.
  They were sent back to hell by the Florida Elements.
  I know they're not walking back in.
  Okay.
 I'm just saying, had you thought of it.
  I'm not saying it's happening because it's not happening.
  Okay, yeah.
  Certainly not.
  Really is not.
  There's no one.
  We're in the garage still.
  The garage door is open.
  Your back is to the alley here, so you wouldn't even be able to see if they came behind or to the side.
  You would kind of get a good glimpse of them coming in the door here.
  I hadn't considered that possibility.
  Okay.
  And now I'm wondering if the open door is like a red herring.
  If that's a trick to draw my attention.
  I thought this was safety for COVID purposes, but in fact, it's made you quite unsafe in another way.
  It's a long con.
  I've been feeding you information about COVID numbers for weeks to make you think that us recording in the garage was for safety,  when possibly it was just to have, I don't know, let's say, Evan Susser come from behind you dressed as a Dolphi Spectro man.
  Yeah.
  Or the lesser Mime Spectro man faces.
  Sure.
  In the second run.
  It's a question if it's lesser.
  I don't know.
  Before we get too far here, what we're talking about, this is an old, no longer with us parade from the Disney World Resort.
  This was at the Magic Kingdom, and we're doing it because we're still in the birthday week.
  It's the 50th anniversary of Walt Disney World, but it is the 30th anniversary of this parade, which was done for the 20th anniversary.
  And they throw a lot of math your way right at the top.
  And not just math, but also a little bit of a twist because while this parade is essentially, if you don't know it, it is a nighttime parade, a light sparkling parade that was kind of a replacement for the Main Street Electrical Parade.
  And that's all fun.
  We'll talk about what's good about that and the score and the nice things about it.
  But you may have heard us talk about it on the show before because this parade features who Jason has dubbed a group of people who he has dubbed the Dolphi Spectro man.
  Yeah, Dolphi is a descriptor.
  Spectra man is the official company term.
  Yes.
  Yeah, that's what out there.
  Dolphi, I think you put on it and it's accurate.
  And if you haven't seen what we're talking about, you should look at probably the art that we're putting up.
  I'm sure we'll be tweeting Dolphi Spectrum and shit all day.
  But the main thing that I'm driving at before we get too far is that if you thought this was just a regular second game in October, you thought wrong.
  This is a sneak attack.
  Just like maybe is coming for Jason.
  This is a special all of a sudden surprise haunt cast the Fright hit the music.
  Oh, yep.
  Yep.
  Wow.
  How could it not like you didn't even know it was coming.
  Everybody probably jumped out of your chairs listening to that.
  Right.
 Well, I think they did.
  They were they were like a regular episode at the start of October.
  I guess so because it's the first week.
  So but then yeah, then they were like really scared.
  Now they're double scared because we were you know, we're teasing that some person is going to jump out and jump scare Jason.
  It's a trick and got to retreat.
  So you guys all at home got jump scared in your own way by a different theme.
  They're probably all still coming down from it.
  Probably the heartbeats are kind of returning to a normal rate.
  So we'll try to not hit you with anything too crazy.
  Just let you like give you a second to calm down before the next big.
  What if we just played the theme again?  What if you never this is a very scary theme.
  We could just drop it in nine times in the episode.
  I guess we really can do whatever we want.
  So I could just say I call for the regular theme again.
  Just kidding.
 This is a regular episode.
  And then I could cut right to the original theme.
  Constant redistricting.
  Yeah.
 These episodes kind of like gerrymandering them into different make it pink.
  Make it blue as well.
  Perhaps maybe I declare you know what?  This is not honk.
  This is the regular second gate.
  Patreon could do anything we want.
  Really?  Send it right back to where it started.
  You could say that it's technically part of the city walk saga.
  You could you could cut 10 minutes that then gets uploaded to the main feed.
  So everyone's got to hop over there.
  Listen to 10 minutes and then come back.
  Wow.
  That's a level of complication I really admire that we would say stop.
  Go to the main feed.
  Yeah.
  Then now come back.
  Yeah.
  So do the inconvenient obstacle of like doing like three swipes on a smartphone.
  Oh, OK.
  Pull down.
 Refresh.
  OK.
  All right.
  There we go.
  Yeah.
  That.
 Yeah.
  So it's a little like podcast scavenger hunt.
  So yeah.
  Prepare for anything is what I'm saying.
  Like in and during the show I go, Jason, look out.
  Yeah.
  That was my that was clearly a Mike genuine attempts to do that.
  But that did not work.
  No.
  You didn't fall for that.
  No, I didn't sell it enough.
  But now it's going to be a boy who cried wolf situation where if, for example, a literal wolf walked through this alleyway and I can't say that I haven't now I haven't seen a coyote in these parts for a while.
  But coyotes got bad enough in this area that they did start putting up signs telling you what to do.
  Yeah.
  A coyote.
 The word the term is hazing.
  You're just supposed to yell like, oh, hey, stop.
  Get out of here.
  So I'll teach you that right now.
  But anyway, just like because you're preparing Jason for whatever, there could be a genuine danger.
  That's good.
  Now nobody's ready for.
  Yeah, that's true.
  That is true.
  I believe those signs have the website coyote hazing dot com on them.
  Cool.
  Yeah, it's like if you were not some dating site or something.
  And I'm forgetting I meant to look that up because I was like, wait, am I supposed to haze them or not supposed to?  Because some wildlife there like don't bother them.
  But coyotes.
  Yeah, I've seen lots of coyotes living out here.
  There's a lot.
  We've had run ins with them multiple times.
  And I haze them.
  I make them.
 I make the coyote feel bad about themselves.
  Yeah, I really like you.
  What are you doing here?  No one wants you here.
  No one likes your personality.
  That's stuff I say to the coyote.
  You stink even from across the street.
  Your fur looks matted, dude.
  Sorry.
  Decide if you're a dog or a wolf.
  Pick one.
  Pick a lane.
  Until then, go pick a gutter and crawl in it.
  Hey, it's the only way to keep safe is to be mean to the coyotes.
  So that's why I have to do it.
  Yeah, you got to.
  You got a dog to save.
  Yeah, exactly.
  It is when I'm walking a dog.
  Yes, I'm walking a dog.
  It could be entirely a close call episode.
  But yeah, for now, the only thing we have to fear are the Dolphi Spectrum and themselves.
  How do we set the stage?  What's the minimum that we need to say about this parade before we just start talking about the Dolphi Spectrum?  It's the sequel to the original.
  I'm losing my mind.
  The East Street Electrical Parade.
  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah, you consider it a sequel?  Don't you think? Kind of?  Yeah.
  I mean, they don't say like it's.
.
.
  Not narratively.
  Yeah, they don't put a two next to it, but it is like the.
.
.
  It's in a lineage of nighttime colorful light parades.
  I'd say it's only the second colorful night parade in Disney history because I think it was the first time that one was replaced.
  Now it's happened a bunch of times and like other parks get new custom.
  You have your paint the nights and things.
  There's not the pressure on it that there used to be.
  But this was like originally it was like replacing SNL cast.
  Now we know what happens all the time, but the first few the pressure was on.
  Spectrum Magic, I think did pretty well.
  Yeah.
  That's more of like a Murphy Piscopo era.
  Light Magic clearly was a Gene DeManey and Denny Dillon kind of like.
.
.
  Yeah, of course.
  Really quicks to cancel almost immediately.
  Yes.
  Yeah, it could have ruined.
.
.
  Night Parade as SNL cast.
  Yeah, could have ruined Night Parades for a long time, but just narrowly escaped and they got back together.
  They got back together, yeah.
  Yeah, so it's.
.
.
  What is it?  20 years combined it lasted?  Or balance?  Under, because there's a gap in there.
  Yeah, but I think it was.
.
.
  What is it?  It's from like 1991 to.
.
.
  2010?  2010, I believe.
  But with a gap sizable enough to eliminate.
.
.
  I don't think I know how long the gaps were.
  The gap was about two years because for the Millennium Celebration, they brought back the Main Street Electrical Parade.
  And then when that ended the next day, Spectre Magic was back.
  Okay.
  And then they were replaced, they sent the Main Street Electrical Parade to Paris.
  That's why it originally.
.
.
  From Florida, yeah.
  Yeah, the Florida version got shipped over to Paris so they could open with that.
  Leaving a slide and leaving them with something special to do for the 20th anniversary.
  Which I gotta say, speaking of special things for these anniversaries, we were kinda being flippant about the 50th anniversary beacons of lights that all of the.
.
.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Is that what they.
.
.
 magical beacons?  Something beacons.
  Magic beacons.
  Magic beacons.
  We're saying maybe that that could be stupid, but everybody see that Epcot?  That Epcot thing looks awesome.
  Really good.
  Yeah, very good.
  Hope that never goes away.
  Yeah, that should just be a permanent.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which you might.
  If you haven't seen, they put up like.
.
.
 I mean, it's projection effects and lighting effects, but then also kinda like in between the panels, they put like a bunch of balls in.
  It's a big ball and they put a bunch of balls in.
  Yeah.
  There's color patterns and then there's like twinkling lights and then there's like wavy light.
  Like it does a lot.
  It does quite a bit.
  It can like slowly change the gradient, I feel like.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  It's a very subtle grade, yeah.
  Surprisingly so.
  It felt very like digital for being an old analog.
  Yeah.
  But in the ballpark from how Spaceship Earth has been lit before, in the ballpark of like those orange, pink, purple kind of color schemes that were part of Epcot forever and part of like a lot of the Epcot color schemes.
  So it's like, it all makes sense.
  Yeah.
  I feel like sometimes we bristle at some of the more recent developments where like, what?  How did it make this make sense?  But like this is like right in the ballpark.
  Also, the monorails.
  Oh, that looks great too.
  Are glowing on the track, like glowing the color of the monorail underneath.
  Like.
.
.
  They kept that one quiet.
  That's some easy, that's some great easy shit they should have done 10, 20 years ago.
  It looks so cool.
  Yeah.
  That's like, you do that like on the back of your TV or something, you know?  There's guys racing in Burbank that have that under their car.
  That technology has been around.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So that's cool.
  Everyone was trashing Harmonious.
  I heard that.
  Seemingly.
  Said it wasn't great.
  Almost everyone I saw said that.
  But then all that light stuff.
  Everyone was like, yes, sir.
  Yeah, it seems like the thing that isn't an official show everybody loved and the thing that is an official show that's been building weird, ugly barges for a long time.
  That was a.
.
.
  I felt like a real lame.
.
.
  I felt like I disappointed this, maybe a person or two when I was down there with this bachelor party group who don't have things memorized as I do.
  And there were people who pointed at those barges like, what's that ride?  And I had to say, that is not a ride.
  That is infrastructure for a show that's not going to be here for months.
  And then I watch a face droop and walk away from me.
  It's like I said, Santa wasn't real.
  It would have been better if you said, I don't know.
  Yeah.
  Because then first of all, you let them down with no ride.
  And then second of all, how did you know that?  Why would you know that?  Yeah.
  So two things were disappointing.
  I didn't say.
.
.
  I think the only way I escaped with any dignity is that I didn't say why that's for Harmonious.
  Nighttime spectacle coming to Epcot.
  Replacing Epcot forever.
  Let me describe that show for you.
  It's the tradition of illuminations, which is kind of just like celebration, like a global celebration.
  The worst.
  It gets sucked in the stomach.
  Well.
  I only ever half saw Epcot forever because I think we were at Epcot like two nights.
  And the second night I just caught like the tail end.
  And the very first time I saw it, I think I was with you, Mike.
  We were by wherever some pyro went off.
  And the winds and the smoke.
  I mostly saw smoke.
  I'll say that.
  I do not see a lot of the kite effects.
  Yeah, it was OK.
  It was OK.
  I wanted more.
  It didn't feel as Epcot as I wanted it.
  It didn't feel like it's history of Epcot as it should have.
  Yeah.
  It's like a little like imagination song.
  But, you know, come on.
  Yeah.
  Let's go hard here.
  I feel like I skipped the genre.
  I haven't seen one of those in a while.
  But Spectra Magic does take me back to when I did watch these things.
  And I do clearly remember watching this on my first visit.
  Yeah.
  And enjoying it.
  Yeah, sure.
  I'll show you that at the top.
  The scariness and the creepiness of the characters in this did not really register with me at the time.
  Of course, now when I look back with photographs, it's undeniable.
  They're horrifying.
  Yeah, but same way.
  When I saw this the first time, I wasn't like, I was like, oh, cool.
  There's lights.
  And I was not scared by it.
  And that was this is coming from a person who was scared of half of everything at Disney World the first two times he went.
  Yeah, just like random vehicles, trams, a crowded bus.
  Yes.
  The main street, a certain corridor of Main Street, certain corner of Main Street.
  I would be frightened by it because the lighting was bad or that I didn't like the paint.
  Yeah.
  This is how scared I was.
  A little dim around here.
  Exactly.
  So yeah, no, it didn't register at all to me.
  So yeah, when you were talking about your fear of the doll face spectrum and when we looked it up, obviously I was like, oh, I did not register that at all.
  I think it was just a matter of I would have seen this.
  First of all, this would have been my first nighttime parade.
  I saw this before the Main Street Electrical Parade.
  Yes.
  I think I'm sure I did too.
  I'm pretty sure.
  Yeah.
  So we definitely like for a long time, basically until like my family took a long trip back when we were older, when I was older, I had kind of mushed the two together in my mind.
  And then when they started redoing the Main Street Electrical Parade out here at Disneyland.
  But my family, when I was like in first grade, took a big trip with my grandparents as well.
  And that was November 91.
  So this this was a month old.
  It was all over the in-room TV channels.
  It was all over like the VHS vacation tape that I probably like watched a bunch before we went.
  And I was just like, what are what are these guys?  Who are these guys?  I don't like these guys.
  Are you aware of them before you went?  You think I don't see them between or like maybe from like Disney Adventure or Disney magazine?  Like they there's all the postcard, all the still photos promoting this have Mickey surrounded by the spectrum.
  And I'm just like, what is happening to me?  What are these men done to Mickey?  We need to make it awesome, by the way.
  He looks great in this.
  Yeah, we need to find some promotional material to see if we can find exactly what a young Jason Sheridan may have seen.
  Well, there's plenty of postcards for sale on eBay.
  Like you can see the general, but yeah, there are Disney Adventure articles.
  I have some of my old adventures.
  I have a lot of those.
  So maybe I maybe there's something I have old Disney.
  I found some old Disney magazines, but I think they're from later.
  I think from like ninety four, ninety five.
  So the hype train for Spectro Magic was at ninety one.
  I mean, like a piece of footage where one was right up in the camera or something and then like stepped out of the way, revealing some stuff, a sort of like Cirque du Soleil type.
  You know what I mean?  Cirque du Soleil promotional footage.
  It'll start with somebody with creepy makeup, like blowing a bunch of confetti and then and then ducking out of the way like a low angle shot of like somebody like putting their face in the camera.
  Yeah, like something like that.
  Yeah, I think maybe some there must have been some reveal that was mildly disturbing again to fully contextualize this for anybody who doesn't know.
  I would say that in general this parade was yeah, it's like the Main Street Electrical Parade, but like more advanced in certain ways.
  It's got this like wonderful waltzy music vibe that I think the score people really enjoy.
  Some of the lighting effects are a little more sophisticated.
  Just in general, yeah, it's kind of like in some ways advanced, maybe like less charmingly rinky dink version of the Main Street Electrical Parade.
  And that's that for the most part, because a lot of it is just what you expect from these parades.
  You see scenes from movies, but rendered in minimally and with lights.
  So it's odd that what it begins with is this strange otherworldly little scenario with these characters you've never met before and an implied mythology that makes no sense.
  Yeah, right.
  These weird little creeps.
  And it's the first like quarter of the parade.
  Yeah, are these guys and I think that was my overall impression of Spectre Magic is I really like it.
  I like the music.
  I like the parade.
  Yeah, the something like six hundred thousand lights on this.
  And it is like you were saying a technological upgrade over the Main Street Electrical Parade.
  But I after I saw the first time as a kid, like a first couple of times, I was like, OK, they go away after the first few minutes.
  And then they're gone.
  They don't come back.
  And then it's just my friends like they go away and they they don't.
  Really, I was just had a very over act.
  I was a very nervous child and I have an overactive imagination that adult should have just taken me aside and said, hey, listen, it behooves theme parks to not threaten or kill their guests.
  So these people aren't going to hurt you.
  These doll men are not going to hurt you.
  That would do you think you expressed your fear of the doll men to your parents?  I think they probably could tell I was like on like vibrate like uncomfortable.
  Like I knew I was being a little silly, but I was like, I just don't like these guys.
  And then later on in life, the purge movies have those kind of masks, too.
  Oh, yes.
  Similar.
 Yeah.
  Some of those in a Halloween store several hours ago.
  And yes, as I stare at the spectrum and it is very purgy.
  Yeah, that's I never even thought about the purging.
  It is funny as a kid, because you because when you're scared, generally kids don't they try to like not lie their way through it or something or pretend they're not scared.
  Because like the my my story with Alien encounter where I was so excited about it, but then when we was there and it was soft opening and I was like, we had a chance to go on and I was like, oh, yeah.
  Oh, is it open? Oh, like I was just like trying to like get out of saying like, I'm scared.
  No, that's embarrassing.
  It's embarrassing to do.
  But then eventually I have to be like, I don't want to go on it.
  Yeah, but as meekly as possible, you're the most backed into it.
  Right.
  I try to say everything but this.
  Are they sure they're letting little kids go on it?  Are you sure they're not destined for older people?  Well, they actually definitely let little kids go on it.
  And then they had to put up a lot more warnings like we can't not let you on this because it's a pretty easy like not danger.
  You're not going to get whipped around.
  Sure.
  But maybe don't like I bet my grades aren't good enough.
  They probably check your report card.
  Right.
  I did get that one B.
  Oh, I'm not.
  I'm wearing.
  Oh, I'm wearing shorts.
  I think I read in Disney Adventure.
  You had to wear pants in there because like there's like there's mosquitos.
  They lose a bunch of mosquitoes and you really should be wearing pants.
  I'm pretty sure the one with hammer and goofy on the cover.
  That's what they said in Disney Adventure.
  So I can't do it.
  I can't go on Alien.
  I'm sorry.
  Probably you shouldn't go in there either, Mom.
  I'm looking out for your legs, too.
  Yeah.
  I always see them get nipped up.
  We don't need to get bitten.
  We really don't.
  The can we say the actual narrative of like who the Spectral Men are in the narrative of the ride?  I would I would love to do that.
  And I don't want to take away from anyone the chance to say the story yourselves.
  I just want to play this quick thing.
  Oh, yeah, go ahead.
  Because and you might have stumbled into this yourselves.
  I just really like the way that I came about it because I didn't know there was a story in a mythology.
  And I just found it in a video by the user TPM Vids who makes pretty good videos.
  And but just the way he framed his opening line into then what it becomes just just really made me laugh.
  So just pay attention to the opening and here.
  The story of Spectral Magic is quite simple.
  The Spectral Men are the keepers of the night who hold all the magic to the parade, allowing it to light up.
  But these Spectral Men were afraid to come out at night until their how Mickey Mouse asked if they would help him bring the lights alive for everyone to see the Spectral Men and Mickey Mouse led the parade through a variety of things.
  OK.
  The story of Spectral Magic is fairly simple.
  The Spectra Men came to Earth in light eggs and only Mickey found them and he hid them under the earth until he had somewhere to let them loose.
  And that became Disney World, but he wanted to wait until the 20th anniversary.
  But by that time they had grown and they'd commandeered their eggs as balls to ride around on.
  I just what this nonsense is like.
  This is the opposite of a simple story.
  It is not a simple story.
  You are leaving out of the word.
  I'm very intrigued by, of course, is keeper.
  Oh, yeah.
  All right.
  We got keepers.
  And that's great.
  Night as well.
  Well, again, feel free to like that went by in a flash.
  We can step through this slowly.
  Yeah, we wish we have to.
  Spectra Men and their story.
  He left out that they come from the land of light spiration.
  I have a slow slow to go on this that maybe we can just let's just stop whenever anything's intriguing, which will be probably always the Spectra Men are keepers of light.
  They hold the parade's magical light and transform it for you in the midst of night.
  OK, so like but what if a parade doesn't?  How does the mainstream electrical parade work like batteries?  They didn't.
 So they didn't need keepers of light to make that go.
  No, but didn't the guy in the video say they were keepers of night?  Maybe.
  I think he said keepers of night.
  I think he said not say keepers of light.
  Where is your source on this keepers of light?  It is from I want to say this might be from the much embattled news source WDW News Today.
  Interesting.
  There was a big article about it, which I have some I have some general questions about the journalism on on this synopsis, which I'll get to.
  But the next point is where Jason has been heading.
  They come from a land called Lightspiration, Lightspiration, where everything is filled with rays of light and magical bursts of color.
  Great lightspiration lightspiration.
  The country has like a second capital letter in it, first of all, but not a space.
  And they were always afraid to come out of hiding and share their magical light until one day Mickey, the Spectrum King, asked if they would join him.
  Wait, that says that in there? Yeah.
  That he's the king of the Spectrum.
  The king of the Spectrum.
  But he isn't one.
  We know this about Mickey.
  He's not he's many things.
  He's not a Spectrum man.
  He's and you can't I don't I mean, I guess they can elect non.
  Well, I don't know if you like the spectrum.
  I mean, they honor as their ruler a non spectrum man, but it seems shouldn't it's an issue like there should be pride in your your species or whatever it is.
  Hold on to a couple of hold on.
  Hold on.
  There's a lot here.
  There's a lot here.
  Is it in a completely male society?  Hmm.
  I mean, there's no women in the parade, right?  Spectrum.
  There's no spectrum.
  They don't call it spectrum.
  People.
  Ball riders and I don't have a better way to describe it.
  There's people who sit on top of balls and then there's troubadours.
  OK, so that's that's it.
  There's no no gender.
  So Jurassic Park was all female.
  OK, yeah.
  Spectro or in what is the country inspiration?  Inspiration.
  My brain is fried after for today for some reason.
  Light.
  Light.
  Inspiration is all male.
  OK, so I wonder, are they just a more maybe they're immortal.
  They're like to the watcher and there are multiple watchers in the Marvel universe who just sort of see perceive all of the universe at once and they exist for basically all of time.
  Yeah.
  So maybe that's what this is.
  Well, no, but there's like female coded watchers.
  OK, well, I mean, just in the general of what they do now.
  Oh, in terms of what they did in terms of how they're gender spectrum.
  Exactly.
  Yeah.
  Omnipotent creatures.
  Yeah.
  I think something we're missing is why are they here?  But they come from light, inspiration.
  Now they're here to hold the magical light of the parade.
  Spectro magic was Mickey.
  Did Mickey just want to start this parade and then knew them?  I know some guys.
  They come from a place.
  They'll bring the light is the idea that they're I think they're being used.
  First of all, like you have somebody bring like a crop that they've harvested from the country.
  You don't care about them.
  You just you're after the goods.
  So it's very dehumanizing, dehumanizing to these guys.
  Did Mickey conquer the country somehow?  That might be what the subtext here is.
  Well, Mickey in this parade is wearing a gigantic cape with a huge collar jutting out that is very kingly and it's very space kingly.
  Uh huh.
  Especially.
  So, yeah, I want to say, yeah, I mean, the way he's dressed, he certainly feels like a reigning conqueror.
  Yeah, so Mickey perhaps came there, came to that country and ruled it with an iron fist after, I don't know, taking control somehow.
  Maybe a coup.
  I think so.
  Is it possible that the Main Street Electrical Parade was winding down and he knew how much trouble the power situation was?  We talked about it in our episode.
  How are we going to all the battery packs?  I just how do you keep it all?  You know, fires break out in the beginning.
  He didn't want that situation again.
  He knew he needed like an organic source.
  I got to go find a lamp.
  Is it on Earth or is it in space?  Hmm.
  I feel like it's in space.
  Yeah.
  Does that control all light?  Yeah.
  Or all night?  All this light.
  Like this kind of slightly brighter light.
  Oh, so there's different keepers.
  Not too bright.
  Not so bright that you can't see it.
  Oh, there's different keepers for different types of light.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  Well, they probably it's light spiration could be a star.
  Maybe that's the deal.
  Yeah.
  They all.
  So he went to like I wonder if we're talking about Walt's Grand Ambition and maybe Mickey  had that too.
  So he's like, what if I go like mine a star?  We talk about stars and are like when you wish upon a star.
  That's what that's Mickey's favorite song.
  Yeah.
  Why can't I go to a star, steal the light from it?  And then he was very surprised to discover this race of I guess four guys.
  Yeah, there's four of them living in the star.
  It's like Mickey's Solaris movie.
  Like I'm on a spaceship to the sun.
  Oh, no.
  There's four guys here.
  Oh, shit.
  You want to I'm going back to Earth.
  You want to come or is that what you probably don't want to come?  Right?  No, we'd like to come.
  Where?  Sure.
  Sure.
  Hey, you guys.
  You looking for a king?  You looking for some in a roll?  Yeah.
  What does that mean?  Oh, it's nothing.
  It just means I can tell you to do whatever you want.
  Hey, maybe you can help me with something that I'm trying to get a new parade.
  Go in the old parade.
  The keeper of that parade is AC Delco car batteries.
  Like I don't know.
  I don't do that dog.
  Dog.
  Give it up for AC Delco.
  That was like a rim shot.
  Or a coyote.
  Oh, you're not out of the woods yet, Jason.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  There's a lot going on.
  I think the Spectre men were about to die out because they like the species was going  to be done like through some freak effects.
  Like a species popped up.
  There was only four males.
  So that's like sure.
  That's like ants.
  They're going to be gone before you know it.
  That the ability to reproduce.
  But life finds a way.
  That's what I brought up.
  The Jurassic Park thing.
  Mickey could.
  He probably has samples of their DNA on file at Disney Disney World.
  So he could probably he's probably can recreate them in a lab when the technology is right.
  He's probably been experimenting up until now.
  He is like often described as like a cypher like Mickey.
  You can put any job on him.
  But in theory, if you pile them all up, he does become an ozymandias for you.
  Ozymandias from Watchmen where it's like, oh, he's a super gene.
  He's he's too good.
  He's got everything.
  Yeah, he's like the reverse, like the opposite Homer who's had every job and is perfect at  them.
  He's conquered all the jobs.
  He's conquered all the jobs.
  Yeah, yeah, he's always maybe has like a little comical trouble, but ultimately, right.
  Job works out great.
  He could keep it as long as he wants.
  Usually denies it to go to the next job.
  Right, right.
  Yeah, I've created life.
  I've created life from a jar.
  Our energy problems are over.
  I rounded up these spectrum men.
  I had him pee in a cup.
  I'm not saying you're light.
  He's got all it really could be like a doctor of island or island doctor Moreau where he's  got like Leonard O'Columbus somewhere.
  Yeah, like in a room somewhere and he's been testing on him ever since.
  I'm not some Republic's cereal, cereal super villain.
  The parade started 35 minutes ago.
  This is at this pace.
  We're only a third of the way through the back story.
  Okay, all right.
  Continue, continue.
  No, it's beautiful about it.
  There's so much there.
  Did we do the names?  I do.
  I don't want to miss anything here.
  I get breeze through it though.
  The Mickey the Spectrum and King.
  That's what we got hung up on.
  He is there.
  Yeah.
  He asked if they would join him in a nighttime festival of magic and light and come and bring  the magical light for everyone to see scared to confront people.
  They hesitated.
  These things were an affront fight.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  Mickey coaxed them into doing something they didn't want to do.
  That's not great, but okay.
  Maybe they liked it.
  It's going to be fun.
  It's going to be all right.
  I'm your king also.
  You don't call it choices.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  King.
  They brought along their magical spectro balls and I'm sorry.
  Maybe we didn't say after much consideration, the spectrum.
  Spectrum.
  And we think about it.
  You have a clock sticking.
  Then they brought along their magical spectro balls and like trumpets to spread the joy  of their magical light to everyone.
  But Mickey controls the light they magically create and powers the parade through his electro  ball, which is not a spectro ball, changing it from night to day or crystal to magical  case.
  Okay.
  So magical spectra Mickey's electro ball is in controls everything, but it's vastly  smaller than a spectra ball.
  Oh yes.
  Check this shit out.
  I got Spencer's.
  Look at Spencer's gifts.
  This is awesome.
  This is awesome.
  This is going to my float.
  So does it just stare at this for hours?  I told wall, put it in your apartment, man.
  Put it in the apartment.
  It'll really trip it out, bro.
  Cause what that is is it is like Mickey on it.
  Mickey's in a big golden cape and with like standing on like the marquee of the old Las  Vegas Hilton and he's holding one of those.
  It's like an old sign when you think of when your idea of science, when you're six years  old, which is a little zappy ball.
  I still don't know what it is.
  It's the zappy ball.
  It's a clear ball and zaps come out of it when you touch it.
  Your hair might go up.
  Yeah.
  But a spectral ball is something that you ride around.
  Right.
  Okay.
  That's a vehicle.
  That's it.
  Now here's where I, here's where that's actually the end of the backstory.
  The here's where I start to take Umbridge with WDW news today.
  And this is the only reason I take it right.
  Right.
  Everything else is perfect.
  Great organization.
  Right.
  Of course.
  The story of the spectrum in has never really been told or even mentioned.
  Well, that's true.
  You cannot argue with that.
  This is maybe the first most anyone has discussed the spectrum and outside of the people who  made up the name.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's probably a lot of people involved in the production of spectrum magic, the parade  who never knew any of this creative entertainment uses backstories as well as the Disney  engineering.
  Uh, sorry.
  The spectrum and aren't really scary, just misunderstood creatures of the night that  just want to bring you their power of magical light.
  Does that make you feel any better?  They aren't scary.
  Says these trustworthy theme park journalists.
  Yeah.
  So why are you scared?  I don't, I don't know.
  I, I, I learned this story from the Disney dish did a multi-part discussion about the  history and the Genesis of this parade a few years ago.
  And I, I messaged Len Testa and I was like, Hey, off the top of your head, I remember  in an episode you said the names of the spectrum men.
  Uh, do you know them?  And he's like, I think that was a gym, but I can check.
  And I was like, all right.
  So I kept looking and I found, I was like, Oh no, they did do a spectrum magic history.
  And, and I found it.
  I found what I, I, I, this all came back to me by the way, a few years ago, I was driving  back.
  Uh, I was driving through the Sepulveda pass listening to the Disney dish and I distinctly  remember driving 75, like ladies looking at you like, Oh,  Disney dish.
  Yeah.
  What can I speed up?  This is at the stop sign and he hears that that's it.
  Exactly.
  And they're like, they kind of like get like all, yeah.
  And then he appeals out after that.
  Yeah.
  Coming back.
  It's a Sunday morning coming back from my short gig, uh, brief, uh, tenure coaching  the UCLA improv team.
  Uh, yeah.
  Well, if the women knew that, they knew that, shoot up like they were touching an electric  pole and they start talking about the doll face spectrum.
  And they're like, but then they start talking about the names.
  And then, so I found the episode because it was labeled.
  I thought it was just tossed off in an episode, but it is actually, they did a three part,  uh, story about the Genesis of spectrum magic.
  This one then is really looking, yeah.
  I take that back.
  They, Jim and Len really climbed the mountain.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  Well, what are their names?  Uh, okay.
  I think in order, uh, I got to do this in escalating order opera, uh, rapper, low ball.
  Now we're not in the same.
  You couldn't, this was on the SATs.
  Are these also the names?  You couldn't like name a category.
  Well, you got away for number four.
  Hyper chic.
  C H I C.
 Yeah.
  Hyper chic.
  Hyper chic.
  These aren't the same thing.
  You know what the thing is is that too, how do you spell rapper?  Well, that I don't know.
  I heard it.
  Oh, you heard it.
  I see.
  Did you read it?  Cause I thought it was R A P P E R.
  Probably if it's opera.
  Well, that's why it's confusing.
  Cause if they were all just different names, then okay.
  But rapper and opera are both, you know, musical things.
  This is kind of, this is the same type of confusing, the same type of early nineties  name.
  Confusing.
  I mean, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think  it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's,  Yeah.
  That's not when Williams,  Wendy Koopa is one of the characters.
  Ludwig von Koopa, Iggy Koopa.
  Yes.
 Well, some of them are like punk.
  One of them is classical and then others are, there's Morton Koopa Jr.
  Morton was that provocateur talk show.
  They're not the same category.
 I love the name.
 By the way, this is not a complaint.
  I, these, those names are like my favorite thing.
  Roy Koopa is one of them.
  Yeah.
 Who I think is named after a, uh, who the guy from wizard,  uh, um, Roy would I want to say it like, so he's supposed to be glam rock.
  Oh yeah.
  I think I'm making that up.
  Oh, we got to do a full patron on the Koopa kids.
  The Koopa family tree.
  I loved loved and love the Koopa kids.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Me too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I would love a whole, if they're going to start,  like, I don't know how I feel about this Mario movie,  but if it gets us to just a full suicide squad,  Oh, if the Koopa kids, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well they gotta be in there.
  It's like, like rabble rouser, 14 year olds,  that's a great idea.
 Yeah.
 Um, anyway, those names are okay.
  Hyper chic was that hyper chic is probably, I mean, I guess chic is a band.
  I mean, if you're going with hyper chic and low ball, like you're starting to sound  like, like, you know, a goons in an 80's movie.
  Low ball sounds like he was in the W short lived WWE faction, retribution.
  I just looked up low ball by the way.
 And there is a,  there is a band called low ball, but it's post this parade.
 Yeah.
 But they're,  they're basic Google description.
  Low ball is a band that teases sexuality, but doesn't want to be labeled by it.
  I can appreciate that.
 I really can appreciate that.
 That sounds good.
  Yeah.
 Sometimes it's what you're not saying.
  He's a sexuality, but doesn't want to be labeled.
  That couldn't be more of me.
 Yeah.
 I tease it, but I just like,  I don't want to be part of my identity.
 Okay.
 Low ball, low ball and hyper chic,  hyper chic.
 They are any of them look hyper like sheaker stylish?  I don't think they all have like bright hair.
 Right.
  They're all look pretty hype.
  The hyper chic is a good way to describe if any of them in a way,  low ball is not a good way to describe a single one of them.
 Yeah.
 Rapper and  opera.
 I don't know because they don't really,  the music that you hear is pretty uniform throughout.
 It is a classical one.
  Yeah.
 It is a nice song, but there's no rap in this parade.
  Not that I could hear.
 No opera really either.
 It's very confusing.
  Very confusing.
 I am if we maybe haven't described their,  their look well and I don't know if you guys have spectrum in front of you,  Jason, if you were, I have brave here.
 Yeah.
 Doing such in general,  it is kind of like, I mean the wardrobe is extremely captain.
  EO it's obviously very post captain.
  You know, there's like sort of a rainbow power,  just all the colors represented and then like light up spangles.
  But then like they put on different colors of clown wig.
  Um, and then,  and maybe took like a hair straightener to it to get like kind of a Wayne and  Garth effect.
 And then, uh, put on,  uh, Casper, the friendly ghost masks,  just like divorced from the greater context of the ghost.
 And then,  and then lit all that up from the inside.
 Uh,  is there any other descriptors that might, uh, do them justice?  Yeah.
 It's like, um, I don't know.
  It's like you dressed your dolly up as captain EO and put a wig on it.
 Like,  just like a generic doll.
 You're like, you're imagining like a little dolly.
  You would have like a kid would have maybe 20 years ago,  where it's a generic face and it's just like you pretend the bottle and all that  stuff.
 And then you give it a haircut.
  The hair all reminds me of if my sister decided to cut Barbie's hair,  this is always how it would end up.
 Any self-administered doll haircut.
  It looks thrown together.
 It looks like they had those masks hanging around.
  They had the wigs hanging around and they had old captain EO,  like crew uniforms and they were like,  I'm going to put these three things together.
 Like that looks okay.
  Yeah.
 And when the merchandising team,  when it came time to make merch, uh, over the years, I feel like they have,  you know, maybe been like, yeah, these guys,  these guys are kind of horrific.
 Like here, these are,  these are a line of pins with pieces of the parade floats in the pin.
  Okay.
 Uh, that they sold about seven years ago.
 Um, like ground up,  like you like shunks.
 Yeah.
 Um, they,  whatever they saved that wasn't totally deteriorated.
  Here's a true bit or and kind of doesn't look like it.
 And he's in a,  he's in a cowboy hat.
 He's in a white cowboy hat.
  So is he one of those? Is that low? Does that mean low ball? Like,  I don't know why.
  Well, this one is one of the ones who sit on top of glowing orbs.
  And this I think is a pin from the time because it doesn't have that little  Mickey ear.
 And I don't know this guy.
 Yeah,  it does look like a generic baby doll.
 You gave like a haircut to, yeah, yeah.
  You gave like, I want it to look like Uma Thurman in pulp fiction.
  Severe bangs.
 I can pull it off as a hairstylist, even though I'm six,  but put it, put them, put them in a Natalie Portman's wig from closer.
  Am I right folks? It's that shade.
 Yes.
 That particular pink.
 Absolutely.
  That's where Mike Nichols got the idea.
 He was seeing the parade at Disney world.
  Um, yeah, it's, it's odd.
 It's, it's a,  it's an aesthetic for sure.
  And they're an old the adventures of old hyper chic and opera with all that  backstory.
 They're from space.
 They're hyper chic and opera and they ride in  spectra balls and then they are gone in like the first two minutes.
  Yeah.
 Why is there any of this?  And they're not like in between,  you would think they would be in between and like they're checking to make sure  their light is functioning properly and they're providing the joy that,  that Mickey wants them to provide.
  There's no resolution to the right.
 You don't get to see, you know,  like Mickey making them go back to a cage parade.
  Let's go.
 It's also like money.
  The light milking machine.
  They're all hooked up to something like matrix style or something.
  I'm putting, that's what we're all in.
 And let's see if you,  I'm putting the organic light extractor down your throat again at the end of the  night.
  Mickey looks like, uh, I will say this, looking at this one photo,  Mickey looks like Liberace.
 I was going to say, yeah,  it really looks like Liberace.
  It occurred to me as well because with the light,  the way that it is lit is also like it,  there's a lot of white and there's a lot of bright gold.
  It's all very Vegasy.
 Yes, absolutely.
 Uh,  can't argue with that element.
 Yeah, that's cool.
  No, that's awesome.
 He is, is fantastic.
  That kind of brought me to another theory about what's going on here.
  If we can't trust this backstory and if WWW news today,  if this reporting where they admit that this story has never been mentioned,  if we can't trust that, all right,  let's think about the Liberace story and what we know from one of our favorite  recently mentioned films.
 Yeah, behind the candelabra.
  Uh, Liberace liked to take the,  I know that it happened to Scott Thorson.
  I feel like maybe other men as well that he dated, uh,  that he took them and like he wanted them to go to plastic surgeons,  be molded in his own, like Liberace's standard of beauty.
  That is me.
 I'm, I'm the most beautiful.
 You should look like me.
  Is there something,  this maybe butts up against this backstory of him going to this planet or  whatever.
  Did Mickey date the spectrum men and then try and they looked different at one  point in time.
 But he said, you should be more ageless.
  You should look more youthful here.
 Look like this.
 And then he puts,  he pulls up a painting of himself.
 Like they didn't have that coloration.
  They were not pale white until Mickey said,  you should look like this.
 I'll take you to a guy to make you look like this.
  So Mickey took them to the Disney world doctor on main street,  the Disney world plastic surgeon.
 Yeah.
 It's captain hook.
 Okay.
  It's a, it's a severely drugged up captain hook and falling asleep while doing  the surgery with his hook.
 Okay.
 The only way they give it to the eighties,  they didn't have the technology yet.
  Are you implying though that the faces are in the way that the first, the Mike,  Michael Myers mask in the first Halloween was spray painted white or a paint  at white.
  Is this a Mickey mouse mask with the ears removed and just like the face part  then kind of painted an opaque? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think,  I think something like that,  unless we're going with the idea that this is their,  their actual skin and he was maybe,  or maybe like like Mickey masks were grafted onto their faces.
  But we have to look like, and it just didn't, it didn't land correctly.
  It looks weird on their bodies.
 These,  these poor spectrum and we're not meant to have Mickey doubt faces.
  You know,  that's what reminds me of a comic book character named professor pig from Grant  Morrison's Batman run who put these and boy,  do they look exactly like these characters.
 The doll,  they called them the dollar trans and he would know a doll mask and he would  graft it to this face of his victims.
 And here I'll show you a little bit.
  I'm going to walk over Jason's seen this.
 Okay.
  You're sure about, yeah.
 Oh no.
 Oh, they're very scared.
  This is a ventriloquist vibe except they're like, like they're, they're,  they've got like shocks of red hair.
 Yes.
 Oh yeah.
  That's kind of a more like gritty, severe version of the spectrum,  not dressed as magically, which makes it even more.
  Creeps who were like plastic surgery, basically molded in a likeness.
  And I think we're underselling to the ones on the spinning or they kind of have  frizzed out hair as if they all just touched Mickey's electric orb and it gave  them like crazy static hair.
  Their hair kind of looks like a bunch of like cassette tape,  like unraveled and glued piece by piece.
 Yeah.
  Like just a big nest of cassette tape.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Something bad happened to these doll face spectrum.
 Man.
 The only way.
 Yeah.
  Either I can't say that it's both Mickey conquering them and Mickey forcing them  to get plastic surgery.
 But,  but they probably all ended up like Matt Damon going like my face,  my fucking face.
  Yeah, for sure.
 There's some version of that happened,  whether Mickey was involved or not.
 Some version of that happened.
  Behind the Cannella wrote Patreon coming soon.
 I guess kind of have to,  evidently.
  I guess tied into probably a full Liberace and we got to get Eva on cause she  did the full tour.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 She went into like the mysterious limo.
  It's not like a great, not remotely shady.
 Yeah, no, no,  not weird at all.
 Well we're onto Mickey.
 Look,  when you're one of the biggest stars in the world, you get,  like things get weird.
 You lose touch with reality and we're onto him.
  Mickey's a monster.
 And we know.
 And we're in our haunted month.
  So for the biggest monster of the month so far is Mickey Mouse.
  All that said, I think the parade is kind of nice.
  Once you get past that, on the Disney dish,  they pointed out that a lot of these selections for the rest of the parade are  things that were floating around in the company at the top.
  So like Fantasia had had a re-release for the anniversary.
  Little mermaid had been out for a little while, but the, uh,  television animation wing was working on the little mermaid TV show,  sleeping beauty,  I think maybe was about to or had come out of the Disney vault or is about to  go back in the Disney vault.
 So they're sort of not,  not all current recent films,  but things that they've recently been putting in front of people.
  Yes.
 I mean, there's recent stuff in the second version.
  At some point in the show there, there's like some musical elements, uh,  you know, Chippendale playing the piano.
 That's great.
  The conductor in the later parades is the genie from Aladdin,  but in the earlier parade it's Roger Rabbit, huge in the early nineties,  late eighties.
  And the genie, which I didn't know this is the appearance of the Dan Kastlin,  net a genie.
  You can really tell you can really tell.
 Oh boy.
 Yay.
  Goofy.
 Not the best, not the best voice.
  And he talks a lot.
 Yeah.
 He talks the whole time.
  He's conducting other characters to play instruments.
 Yes.
  He goes like, Oh, what a sound.
 Timpani.
  Okay.
  A big element we have not addressed yet and that's the narrator slash announcer  of this parade is Jiminy Cricket.
  You say that like it's the craziest.
  Can you believe it?  It's just, there's so much spectrum and stuff at the top.
  You would think it would be like ultra chic or something.
  Well,  or you think you'd see him earlier on as it stands.
  He's a little pseudo animatronic saying like, goodbye, good night.
  Like at the very end.
  Which is good.
 That little animatronic on a float is very good.
  This is, this is a thing that I think always happens is that they,  they end up relying on the characters because most people they're coming to the  parks, want to see the hits.
 They want the favor.
 Oh, Jiminy Cricket.
  They don't want a opera to announce the park,  but we want opera to have a lot of more dialogue,  any dialogue whatsoever.
 Like anything we want to hear.
  What happened to him when I hear his story, it makes everybody sad.
  He's like tapping Morse code to try to get help during the parade.
  Is that what all the giggling it? Cause they like,  they giggle and then sometimes they say like zoom.
  Like they, they just kind of make like unpleasant, like.
  Yeah.
  Skittering noises.
  That's not a good aspect of them either.
  No, it's like they're like little, yeah, they're a little, little like,  you know, like the creeps like that are just giggling.
  Yeah.
 Weird little giggling creeps.
 Yeah.
 No, that,  that makes them more unnerving for sure.
  Who also are kind of like the sort of a drunken demeanor to them as  well.
 Cause the way those balls that they ride on spin around and they're kind  of like always kicking and heaving to and fro.
  Yeah.
 They're like thing one and thing two or something.
  There's an element of like, of like that kind of a.
  Nervous.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  From the, yeah, not even the book thing one and thing two.
  Sometimes doing very sharp movements.
  Like I saw some videos where they move too fast.
  Are they like, and I don't mean to bring up something Scott is terrified of,  but are they like when adults play Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Ann?  It reminds me of that.
 We're talking about doll hair and they're doll.
  Yeah.
 It's, it completely fits in that.
 Now, oddly,  the way they're dressed helps me out because it's not like big puffy sleeves  and gingham.
 That's where I started to get, like you put them in space clothes.
  Great.
 That, that undoes like 50% of it for me.
 Okay.
 But yeah,  Oh, completely.
 This like absolutely recurring thing.
 I hate,  no adults should dress like Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Ann.
  And do some sort of routine.
  Especially not some old soft shoe or something or anything where they like  flopped down and kind of pout like, Oh, I fell on my bum.
  They've got stuffing for bones.
 Of course you're going to flop a little.
  But you must like when adults play like Marionettes and move as if they had  strings attached to them.
 Right.
  In sync doing it.
 Is that okay?  Um, I'm trying to think.
  It doesn't specifically bother me.
 And I think I like that music video,  but I don't like when they go really close and they have very plastic faces.
  They all kind of look like to bring up a reason thing.
 Late shifts.
 Leno.
 Right.
  Right.
 Right.
 Like if you saw that like really close,  high res of JC in plastic doll.
 Wait, are they married?  Wait, is the Marionette one different than the doll one? No, they can't be.
  It might be.
  There's different costumes because they're kind of more like Ken doll style,  but then they're also up on strings and that's a little more of the bowler hat  and the ruse cheeks, which I'm not.
  That's getting in the scare of your territory.
 Yeah.
  I kind of prefer them as creepy plastic Ken dolls.
  They really should do like a horror nights or a nots maze.
  That's just Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy, which just all.
  They should not, but I guess if they want to extract screams, I think,  I think I would like to think, is there any listeners agree with this? Like,  does this say, I guess I don't scream when I see it.
  It just makes me very embarrassed for the people dressed like that.
  Well, what do you, you know, that it's not a good, valuable piece of entertainment.
  You know that you're going to be bored shitless during his Raggedy Ann routine.
  Well, I just wanted to make sure, you know,  Scott that for sure we do not have a male and female performer that might pop in  now dressed as Raggedy Ann.
  For sure your wife and child are not finishing up getting ready.
  Don't you dress this baby as a, oddly he is a baby,  but if he was dressed as a baby, quote unquote, I'd be like, I can't,  I gotta get out of town for a little while.
 I gotta erase this from.
  Wait, so you're not going to,  you can't dress up like baby Huey with like a big Stokie and like the bonnet.
  No, we've never put them in a bonnet.
 Absolutely not.
  You've never drawn big rosy cheeks like a big rouge on his cheeks.
  No, no, no, no.
  Has he ever had a big lolly?  I would, it would be dangerous is the reason why not.
 I, you know what?  No, I will allow him to have a big lolly as soon as that's okay.
 Okay.
 No,  but I think makeup, never keep makeup away from my child.
  Even for the haunt season?  Yes.
 Yes.
 I don't want to be scared by him.
  I don't like, I guess some fun frights during this month or it can be a little  fun, but I want to be afraid of my son.
 Okay.
 That's fair.
  Well, or a doll wig.
 This is, uh, it's off.
 It's really,  a baby dressed as a baby is a deceptively terrifying phrase to me.
  What about a baby dressed as an adult baby?  I mean, that's kind of like, this is some overlap.
 I think with what I'm,  you think there's some overlap.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Or like if, yeah,  it's I think bonnet.
 It's all about bond.
 I think I'm not into bonnets.
 Okay.
  What can I say? Is that weird? I'm not into bonnets.
  Scott is not into bonnets.
 All right.
 I guess that's,  I'm looking trying to look for a baby costume for a baby,  but I don't think it exists.
  Google that kind of breaks Google when you type it in.
  Yeah.
 There's like baby dressed as old person.
  There's baby dressed as stay puff marshmallow man.
 But yeah,  that's all just cute.
 Oh, baby dressed as Pope.
 There's another,  Pope is too young.
 I've heard of young Pope's, but that's too young.
  Baby dressed as peanut baby photography props.
  This is just a baby in like a cool vest with like a hat that like a cabbie hat.
  Well, but you kind of,  I think didn't we determine that you kind of like what's her name and Geddes?  Uh, like it's a, I think it depends.
 I, I, yeah,  I know what you're saying now because we talked a little bit about the defunct  and Getty store that was at Disney, uh, that time, time Disney.
  Some of the most prime real estate smack in the middle is now occupied by a  Starbucks, right? A always crowded, uh,  Starbucks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was babies, babies, like in pods of peas.
  Yeah.
 I think it depended on what the, what the,  what the photo shoot was if I liked it or not, I could be wrong.
  I feel like you saw a couple that you want.
 I think any reaction that isn't,  you're an anguetties photograph.
  I think I was excited because there was an anguetti credit card.
 Oh, right.
  Oh, that's right.
 So you're just dreaming of points.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I like the,  it's kind of a babies dressed as points, whatever that, whatever you manifest,  what a, that's adorable.
 Um, yeah, I'll, I'll,  I'll see if I can find a baby dressed as a baby, but so far no luck.
  Actually listeners too, not that I'm dying to see this in my feed,  but you know what I'm talking about, right?  It is, I think maybe actually what Jason said is correct.
  A baby dressed as an adult baby.
 That is what that maybe is the line.
  That's why a giant diaper and a giant bonnet and then like make,  make up.
 Of course I see my son in diapers,  but if I saw him in a like costume diaper, a big cloth diaper,  I think that's weird.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
  I think if no one can provide a lot of sort of like sweat here,  I'm getting fatigued by a creepy all of us.
  I think this is going to be like a, uh,  close encounters of the third kind situation where no one can provide a photo  of what we're talking about.
 So you are going to have to do it.
  You're going to have to create the photo just so you can see it in your mind.
  You're enough to post it.
 I can't do this to my, I will have, I have to save him.
  I would sooner, uh, wear all of this myself.
 Well, that's fine.
 Hey,  that's fine too.
  If you can do sort of a forced perspective or make it look like you're a baby,  then we'll, we'll accept that.
  It tricked me into doing adult baby photos.
  It only took three years to do it.
  Fucking spectrum in look what they led us to another level.
  We're starting off here.
 You thought this wasn't even a haunt cast episode.
  This might be the scariest of the month, right at the top.
  For sure.
  Do you want to know about the most chilling twist so far?  The Anne Geddes credit card does not have good reviews.
  You're kidding.
 It's got a two, four, it's got, uh, uh, pros and cons.
  Uh, it's got six bad and the only good is considers applicants with fair or poor  credit.
 Hmm.
 Now, if you're trying to build your credit back up, you need,  you know, people say like, well, get a, let's call, you know,  get some sort of card, but, um,  a super money.
com does not seem to be into it.
  And I feel like Mr.
 Ask Mr.
 Credit Card is not going to be very complimentary  either.
  I don't like the rewards on the Anne Geddes credit card,  which is that at your door suddenly one day appears a baby resting in a hollowed  out pumpkin.
  Yeah.
 If you didn't ask for this,  I don't want to suddenly take care of this child.
  And what do I do with the pumpkin?  If you spend a thousand dollars in the first three months, that's the bonus.
  There's a baby in a pumpkin.
 So 5,000 and you get triplets.
  Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's a gourd.
  There's a lot of different gourds and stuff around too.
  It's a squash.
 Yeah.
 For the gamut.
 Um, what do we, how do we get out of this?  What do we install this people? There's, I think some listeners,  let me represent the listeners who I think will say, okay,  how come they did an episode about Spectra magic and it was the creepiest  episode, although there's a lot of competitors to that,  but it was among their creepiest episodes when it, to me,  the listener is something that I hold in high regard because it was like a  magical thing of one of the first times I went and the song is wonderful.
  I will let, let's go, let's give the song that I think that song is great.
  And I feel that way too.
  Me not being so cognizant of these Dolphi spectrum men.
  What I remember is that song being like a stirring score that feels like  early nineties Disney in the best way.
 Not that it's nineties ish in its music,  but in it's that it's somewhere between little mermaid and beauty and the beast.
  It's got that kind of, I don't know, soaring majesty.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And those, just those like horn lines that are the very like  dredge up Disney magic.
 Yeah.
 Well they're played on a light trumpet.
  So it tried to not make sense.
 Yeah.
  Some very fun animals in this.
  There's a big peacock that looks good with all the lights.
  There is a lot of large fish and the little mermaid section.
  There's some giant fish spinning fish floats.
  And I, the one of the videos I watched a little kid, you can hear them go,  here comes the big fish and like, that's pretty cute.
  Great.
 They're right.
 They're not lying.
 Yeah.
  It has, it has one of my favorite things and I don't remember if I mentioned it  when we did mainstream electrical parade, uh, the seven dwarves with lights.
  Yeah.
 Make me laugh.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's just,  it doesn't look like they put much thought into their outfit and they don't  look pleased to have lights on them.
 Just be, I mean, especially grumpy,  but it's just literally like they're wearing like a bad light Christmas vest or  something.
 And they're walking around.
 It looks totally out of place.
 I mean,  it looks out of place for other characters too,  but for some reason the seven dwarves just with the lights on doesn't make  sense to me.
  And there's a Peter Pan and an all white tunic covered in lights.
  That makes sense to me.
 Yeah.
 Don't like that word either.
  White tunic.
  Covered in light.
  Yeah.
 That doesn't help me later anymore.
 Peter Pan, his iconic tunic.
  All white tunic.
 All white, of course.
  All white tunic and even captain hook wears, you know,  all white on the float as if to say he's been redeemed.
  So they're pure.
 They're all pure.
 They, the light has,  has purified them, but not Chernobog.
  There was a giant Chernobog that apparently opens up,  but no one seems to be able to catch it opening up on video says that Scott  played.
 He says that the Chernobog would open up its like big wings,  but there were clearance issues with it depending on where the parade was.
  So often it didn't open.
 People would think it was broken,  but they weren't in the right spot for the parade.
  It would need a lot of space to open up its wings.
  So there are only a couple of places that it could do it.
  Yes.
 That's crazy.
 It's that bit.
  That's gotta be one of the biggest floats they've ever done.
  Yeah.
  They commit to something so specifically scary.
 Yes.
  Like, yeah, that would freak out little kids you would think, but it's,  it's cool.
 Well, the Chernobog is cool.
  Seems less scary after they've all been traumatized by the spectrum map.
  I think that's what I knew as a kid.
 I was like, it's all like, okay,  here's everyone.
 And even like this Chernobog with this sinister music,  I was like, I don't know.
 The spectrum man are gone.
 Those guys are gone.
  Good.
 The light part of the parade.
  I like, oh good.
 It's just the parade floats just blasting smoke,  blasting ankle level fog.
  The Chernobog is like the devil is the devil basically.
 Yes.
  But there's something more calming about the devil.
 He's not,  he's not like insecure.
 He's not giggling, you know, he's just, you know,  he's sitting there.
 He's not, he's not like any like weird.
  There's not as much weirdness for whatever reason.
 He's evil incarnate,  but the doll face spectrum men are definitely giving worse vibes.
  Oh, bad vibes.
 Very bad vibes.
 I mean the devil, if you just reject him,  you know, nothing to worry about unless she tries to make a deal with you.
  Is that right? He's going to win.
 Huh? Oh, but if you engage,  if you just ignore, is that right? You're the one with the religious training.
  You just got to tell them, no, this is, I don't know.
 For my,  I feel like all of the, the,  the light side like all the God and Jesus stuff is more like codified  stories from the Bible, from scripture.
 And we know, all right, this is,  we, this has been passed down.
  The devil stuff all feels like made up by whatever teacher works at  the Catholic school.
 You know what I mean? Like, like the devil,  it's like, they all know like, Oh, Oh, devil just improvise,  just make up whatever you want.
 Yeah.
 And like tent revival lists, like,  like also scammers, like maniac scammers.
  That's why we can't decide.
 I mean, there's like, uh, you know, we don't,  we have not agreed that, that God is a man with a long white beard, but that,  that image is maintained and we certainly have all decided what Jesus looks like  the devil.
 There's thousands of devils.
 Nobody can write is, yeah,  is the devil 300 feet tall or is he, or is he a guy?  Is he a little like Victorian? Is he wear like fancy?  Is he wear like Austin powers clothes essentially, but a dark burgundy?  Is he chic? Is he ultra chic? He's, or is he a Chernobog?  Is he a kind of like a gargoyle type?  That's how you know it's all both.
 There's no, nobody could ever settle on it.
  How tall is the devil?  Can I ask what your idea of him was growing up? What did you think he looked like?  Oh my God.
 Can I even answer that? Um,  cause I thought he looked like probably, and not that I w I,  we did not go to church,  but I just had the cartoon idea of what he like a cartoon devil basically from  any, any old looney.
 Was the devil on Looney Tunes?  Probably sometimes.
 Yeah.
 Once in a while.
  I think I thought the devil was like tall,  but not like taller than any human.
  Okay.
 So not like so giants or anything, just like a normal human size.
  Like he would have to duck to get into my bedroom,  but I feel like I did imagine what it would be like if the devil walked into my  bedroom.
 Oh, interesting.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 Well he's a duck cause of the horns.
  The horns add like almost a foot.
 Which is my idea.
  I said you could give him three foot tall horns if you wanted to.
  It was like six five or six six maybe.
 Yeah.
 In your range, honestly.
  I'm six three.
 Yeah.
 So that's the jump scare.
  That's the ultimate scare we're heading for.
  The reveal.
 Jason, who do, what did you think the devil looked like when you were  a young man?  Like riding some sort of like glowing shape with  glowing shaped hair and it was spinning and like the face of a twisted doll.
  Like, all right.
  That's too scary.
 That could never.
  It's too scary.
 Okay.
 So, so spectrum, man,  tall guy and like Chuck Jones devil.
  So does that mean short you think?  I didn't think of him as I thought of him as I guess normal height,  but I guess if he was like a little taller than like bugs or something,  I guess he wouldn't be so tall,  but much taller than like hot stuff.
 The little devil.
 Yeah, for sure.
  If that was, I would assume you were going to say hot stuff was your devil  growing up.
 I guess you like, I guess you like him.
 We all like hot stuff.
  You did not know who hot stuff was.
 Didn't that come up once? Cause he's a devil  wearing a little diaper.
  Would you be okay with a kid dressed as hot stuff? A little devil.
  I don't hate hot stuff.
 The little devil that might not seem consistent,  but I'm looking at it.
 Maybe I didn't remember hot stuff.
  I'm not super familiar with them.
 I'm not creeped out by him.
 In fact,  there's a sticker where he's, uh, he's licking a,  I look, I'm going to say ice cream cone, but it's not because it's on fire.
  He's licking a fire cream cone.
 Okay.
  A hot cream cone.
  You can't be mad at that.
  But then there's another one where he's just licking an ice cream cone.
  Well he likes both.
  Maybe that maybe one is the before and one is the after.
  He licks a nice hot stuff, licks an ice cream cone once briefly,  and it lights on fire immediately.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 That's how hot, hot stuff is.
  You said baby Huey earlier.
 So we've gotten two Harvey comics character references.
  Maybe not.
  You said, yeah, there was the, will I dress for the baby? Yeah.
 Like baby Huey.
  Oh, like baby Huey.
 Oh, I meant, wait, I think I'm,  what's the baby from Roger Rabbit? Baby Herman.
 Baby Herman.
 Okay.
  Either works either works.
 Baby Huey a little more.
  I'm more creeped out by baby Huey easily.
 Yeah.
 I think maybe Herman's funny.
  He is huge.
 Yes.
 That's true.
 Big things.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Small spaces.
  Things that are supposed to be small.
 Yeah.
  I wish this parade went harder with all the weirdness is this is always what we  I think end up saying.
 Ah, you don't want characters.
 You don't want,  you want something scary.
 You're like, look,  everybody likes this on this magic night song, but you want like,  maybe this music should be more demented.
 Well,  demented or just the more original characters, a little more unusual.
  I think it kind of like,  I don't think I like this parade as much as I like even paint the night.
  I guess the song is better.
  Well, I've seen that discussion of like, if it's not electrical parade,  then is it what's the best night parade? Is it this or paint the night?  I think paint the night.
 I just, obviously technology is so much better.
  It's like, this is the bridge between the two of them and either you get the fun  jankiness of the original.
  This is the bridge one that's like still fun to look at and it's not bad,  but paint the night then has some really incredible stuff.
  And especially that last float with Mickey.
 Yeah.
 So impressive.
  Magic I think is as cool and advanced as you can get with analog,  this analog style.
 Right.
 That's what I liked about it.
 It's like, yeah,  it feels like a next evolution of, of electrical parade.
  And I liked that Florida had their own thing.
  I like that you don't just go there and see the same thing.
 Yeah.
 Uh,  and being from California, I know the major electrical parade, this,  I don't know.
 And I do remember like after all this ragging, I do,  I remember watching it when I was seven and I don't remember a lot.
  I think it speaks to these parades in general that I remember watching  electrical parade when I was like four.
 I remember watching this when I was seven.
  They're so striking from times where I can barely remember any of it,  but I remember where I was.
 I remember my view of main streets specifically.
  That's how I think there's something really magical about your,  you're up at night.
 You maybe aren't a lot when you're,  when you're in your part of that's like the culmination of a big exciting day  and you're a little fatigued, but it's a, uh, uh, you know,  it's kind of the last thing you do.
 There's some magic to the weariness and, uh,  yeah, that's still the case.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, totally.
 When you're out at like at 11 P  whenever we saw the, uh, a mainstream electrical parade, it was like,  I don't know what was a later show.
 I think it was,  and you're like a little punchy.
 Your brain's a little bit more like accepting of  like, yeah, this is real.
 Uh, and then yeah, you're just like, uh,  everything's better.
 I'm tired,  but not like bad tired cause you're still at the park.
  Yeah, totally.
 So yeah.
 Look, nice things to say.
 It's not.
  Yeah.
 Light magic is definitely worse.
 Unpleasant.
  Oh, well let's, you know,  we haven't talked about is the fact that they win the parade.
  There was a lengthy hiatus and then it came back and they stopped using the doll  faces.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Spectrum in there more.
 They were face characters.
  You would say, um, not unamended.
  It's essentially like white face paint and then mixed with like a big plastic,  uh, chins and noses.
 Now, if you're thinking that sounds equally as creepy,  I think quite possibly, I think you would have, I,  I don't think it's a done deal that the doll faces are creepier than the second  version, the face version.
  To me they were creepier.
 I don't really remember much of the second version.
  I'm sure I saw it at least once.
 Um,  the watching it now, I, they,  they looked like the guys with David S pumpkins.
 That's what I jumped to.
  They reminded me of that.
 Um, but the break dancers.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The skeletons who break dance.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, yeah.
  You know what they look like is I reference this from time to time,  mother goose rock and rhyme.
 Uh,  there's this weird like torture sequence, uh, in a dungeon.
  And there's these sort of like mime ish characters who do tickle the lead  character Gordon until he then that's the torture.
 It's like,  one of those things that you watch now and just like, uh, oh, this, like,  oh, this is okay.
 And when you as a child, this is the scariest scene.
  This is hellraiser.
 Yeah.
 Um, but they, whatever those characters are,  it's very, it's, it's very Cirque du Soleil as well.
 And again,  kind of light magic ish.
 Right.
 I don't like this either.
 The new, yeah,  the newer spectrum men, definitely the costume looks more cohesive.
  They obviously identified those weird old masks are bad or looked weird.
  Yeah.
 It did.
 It looked like they were thrown together.
 Now.
 Yes.
  Does it make it less creepy? That's up to you.
  That's up to you the listener to decide, but I do think it looks more  of a piece more.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'll say.
  This is a weird one.
 Like honey, I shrunk the kids for me.
 Um,  the honey guys shrunk the kids play area.
 Um,  in that it's stuck around longer than I thought where I'm like, Oh,  there's high definition footage of this.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 And then I watched  a production from 1992 and it looks like a snuff film.
  Got to adds to the aesthetic of the spectrum and creeps.
 Um,  you know what they look like? Also is the, are you, uh,  is anybody familiar off hand with the David Bowie ashes to ashes video?  Is it kind of like harlequin mode? I mean, look at that costume.
  Oh, right, right, right.
 Right.
 It's a good,  it's almost like they said make these characters look like the ashes to ashes  video, right? Which this is cool and I admire it and I love the song.
  I don't know that this I'd want to see,  I don't think when they passed away, that's the phrase.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  Um, uh, yeah, I think when he passed away, people weren't like, Oh yeah,  I remember.
 I'll always remember him as a weird comedian, Delarte clown.
  Uh, you know what I think also part of it is I do think it not being creepy  music makes it creepier.
 Do you know what I mean?  No.
 Yeah.
 You know what? When you see either set of spectrum in,  what you should be hearing is the Danny Elfman score when the clowns are,  uh, destroying Pee Wee's bike and Pee Wee's adventure.
  Yes.
  But like demented, uh, creepy carnival.
  Like if you, you would just know what you were getting into.
  If that was the music, these guys showed up.
  Even just even as something like a riff off of the opening,  like the Batman theme from Batman returns when Batman's fighting all the clown  gang at the start where it's like, at least it like is a little creepy.
  Yeah.
 It's obviously not that you wouldn't use the Batman theme,  but still it doesn't suggest it.
  So almost like we would still be saying these creepy doll face men are creepy,  but there's something it doesn't suggest it.
  So it's like, they're trying to hide how creepy they are.
  Or they're not aware of it or something.
  Or they're not aware of it.
  Either set of spectrum in could be Batman villain goons.
  Yes.
  A couple of them choose your villain choose you want to serve.
  You fit aesthetically with a number of them.
  Well, it could yeah.
  Be a classic or a newer one, like professor pig, of course,  which is he's what?  10 years old at this point, 12 years old.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  So it could be any kind of Batman villain, but yeah,  it doesn't fit with the other characters.
  It doesn't seem like a character that would be in the other cartoon,  like an animated movie.
  So yes, it's just God, they,  there's gotta be pins Jason was showing where they're kind of like,  Oh, there's gotta be pins Jason was showing where they're kind of drawn.
  That doesn't help.
  They're scary as a drawing.
  The, the, um, pieces, by the way,  it's a miracle that they saved any pieces because, you know,  they admit it after this closed in 2010, the, uh,  floats sat backstage and I was there.
  They were like in temporary, like tent,  like they were not well protected by the elements.
  They just, the float pretty much just rotted away.
  Yes.
  And in 2013, Disney just went, the parade is retired.
  That's all they said.
  And then a year later they started selling the piece pins,  which go for like 50 bucks or more on eBay.
  Hmm.
  Is that the most expensive Spectro magic merch?  Uh, it seems like it.
  I saw one that was $5 and it seemed like it was broken.
  It was missing the piece.
  It might be worth a check.
  I'm looking right now.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's a little, uh, souvenir showdown, uh, Smackdown.
  Yeah.
  They just, uh, they left the parade out in the rain is what happened.
  This thing that ran for decades.
  Then it just kind of, it kind of rotted away and not the things that should have.
  The parade itself was nice.
  The floats were nice.
  The depictions of little mermaid and the dwarf's mine and Schoeneberg,  these were all cool.
  It is the Spectra men who should rot.
  And who knows what happened to them.
  Again, they might be loose.
  They might be on your block.
  They might be on my block.
  They might be behind Jason right now.
  They aren't, but they aren't there.
  But, but you know, who is here raggedy and raggedy Andy worse, worse,  worse.
  I'm trying to find there's something 400 and you text us or so.
  Get over here.
  Get over here.
  You're like writing a book.
  So over here, get over here.
  You're like writing a major movie right now.
  Are you like bored?  Go to party city.
  Here's what it looks like.
  Here's what you got to do.
  I'm Venmoing you fifty dollars.
  This there's like there's like a five hundred dollar like print of Spectra magic.
  Oh, that like depicts the Spectra men.
  I don't know if this is a fish.
  It's it's acting like it's official.
  It depicts the Spectra men in a much cuter way.
  This is fascinating to me.
  They're like these cute little you see this from here.
  Oh, I have seen I believe that is official.
  OK, because like that is a much different that makes a lot of sense.
  They're like these cute little like great gazoo kind of sprite characters.
  Great Gazoo cute.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  This is confusing me.
  My answer is not no.
  But I don't think he's even meant to be cute because the persona he's like 80 years old.
  Right.
  I think it's weird to go.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think so.
  No question.
  Yeah.
  He's a little stinger.
  Are we letting our love for the great gazoo get in the way of saying I don't think you're  cute?  I don't even know.
  The word is not.
  Let me look at him.
  I guess.
  I guess I could say I think that is too definitive.
  No, he's cute.
  He's little.
  He's got a big head.
  No, he's cute.
  I guess.
  Very, very cute.
  All right.
  All right.
  The listeners will agree that the great gazoo is very cute.
  You know, I guess I'd have to vote.
  I just.
  He's mean.
  I honestly think it's mean.
  You can keep me mean and cute.
  Honestly, my feeling of him without looking right at him, I actually think he's cuter when  I'm looking at this photo because he's so mean.
  I actually think he comes down a peg in my memory.
  He's always calling Fred, hello, dumb dumb.
  He's always calling him an idiot.
  It's not cute behavior.
  Yeah.
  But then I'm, you know, like I shouldn't judge that because I in a weird way think that Barney  Rubble is cute.
  Is that insane?  No, but like a little simple guy.
  He's the most simpleton, you know, he's got he's got rocks for brains.
  That's all it's in part.
  He's got a rubble in his head.
  Barney is cuter than Fred for sure.
  Fred is not cute, but that's that's not what Fred's after.
  Right.
  That's not what he's going for.
  There's no criticism.
  Mm hmm.
  No criticism of Fred.
  I like them all.
  I texted you both this picture and they both this is this gives me a very different perception.
  I don't want to do this right towards I assume the end of the episode.
  It better be.
  But this gives me a much I love this print, by the way.
  Mickey is full on in the Liberace outfit.
  He's got the thing, the hot the get whatever the store is.
  Not hot topic Spencer's Gifts.
  Thank you.
  Lightning.
  There was a show called Gadzooks or something.
  Oh Gadzooks.
  Imaginarium.
  Imaginarium.
  Sure.
  And there's these little there they look they're short.
  They're like great Kazoo size.
  They all have like kind of like froey wigs with different colors.
  They're really fun designs and they're wearing the Spectro men outfits.
  These are much better.
  Yeah.
  Something about size proportionate like limiting detail.
  Yeah.
  They're great.
  They're real.
  The way it was found to depict these characters is not horrible monsters.
  And it makes sense with the way you were describing them with like the giggling and they're mischievous.
  This makes much more sense when you look at these type characters who look kind of like  little kid type characters.
  Cute little stinkers.
  You know what?  I'm real.
  I think I follow Morgan Ditta or Ditta.
  I don't know how to pronounce it, but I follow her on Twitter.
  She's done work for like Imagineering and like done these prints.
  They do those like art prints.
  Right.
  Sometimes like that's what this is.
  It's one of those prints.
  So maybe this is just yeah this is like from this is like based on the original art and  they decided to portray them in the worst way they could possibly portray these characters  because I could say just initially that I like these characters.
  I like the look of them.
  Like if that's all you knew.
  Right.
  All right.
  So it's styled by Morgan Ditta.
  The Spectremen are fine.
  Right.
  But as because I think you're right.
  I think it's an age that I think they're if they're like younger and smaller.
  OK.
  But the idea that the Spectremen are adults look like that.
  Yeah.
  Horrible.
  And then the idea that they were forced to look this way that their faces were carved  up at the request of Mickey Mouse, which is what I'm increasingly sure happened.
  It does seem to be the case.
  Yeah.
  I think the evidence is there.
  And they haunted me as a child much like it chapter one.
  And then they came back around us as I'm driving around Los Angeles like it chapter two.
  It's been a plague on me.
  Boy.
  Yeah.
  If you like deep faked a Spectremen, say, lowball into it and just the same movie, no  change.
  Oh, just replace Pennywise.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Maybe it could be a lot scarier.
  Yeah.
  A lot scarier.
  Well, if anybody gets a Disney Plus meeting, we should go in with the Spectremen.
  Because we pitch things a lot, but we don't really like do the like like genre.
  And that seems like an intriguing pitch.
  You know, like we're here.
  We're hearing all about Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
  But yeah, serious Spectremen.
  But it's scary.
  It's intentionally.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah, no, I think that's right.
  Right.
  And Disney Plus is not representing horror.
  They don't even realize.
  Yeah, that's true.
  They deep in the Disney archives lurk some of the scariest characters ever do.
  I guess it's for Hulu.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It'll be for Hulu.
  Oh, yeah.
  It goes next to American Horror Story.
  Could be an American Horror Story.
  American Horror Story Spectremen.
  Spectremen.
  Spectremen, yeah.
  Ryan, I know you're listening.
  Pick up the phone.
  We see the names of the subscribers.
  We saw when Ryan Murphy showed up.
  That's right.
  Come on.
  Come on.
  Come on.
  Come on.
  Come on.
  All right.
  You survived podcast The Ride.
  I'm sorry.
  You survived haunt cast The Fright.
  The first haunt cast The Fright.
  Now we're in it.
  What other horrors await throughout this month?  We will soon find out.
  I think we've got good stuff lined up, fun stuff lined up.
  I think we know what all of them are yet.
  The ones we know I think are.
.
.
  The ones we know are good.
  We know Haunted Mansion that we know.
  That'll be the end of the month and then everything in between will be a surprise and hopefully  not scary surprises.
  Which we made it through the episode without for now.
  Hopefully Jason doesn't drive home and force Spectrum Men to pop out of it.
  I see something in my rear view mirror.
  No.
  Are we asleep?  No.
  Somebody snuck your car keys out of your pocket with a hanger while we were recording, went  into your car, Spectrum Men, get in.
  Then return them.
  Wait a minute.
  Jason gets in.
  Yeah, there's this three Spectrum Men in the back and one in the passenger seat.
  They just all turn their heads in unison to look at me and go, hee hee hee.
  You can use the carpool lane.
  All right.
  Put on the Disney dish, Jason.
  Goodbye.
