 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains beaver tales with score bits, a pizza race to a dumpster,  a great place to Jurassic Park and chill, and just what you've been hoping for, another  theme park and classic rock connection.
  Stephen Ray Morris joins us to splash into Salt Lake City's Lagoon theme park on today's  podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the world's first freshwater podcast, which means you can drink  it.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Join me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  I hated saying that.
  I really hated it.
  You know what?  I love, I'm glad you brought that up.
  I almost would have forgotten there is a fact about today's park where there are like  water alkalinity facts.
  Yeah, that's Scott Garner talking about alkalinity.
  That's even the correct term.
  Is alkalinity the term?  I have no idea.
  I took a stab at that.
  Sounds good.
  It was fun to say.
  Might not be a word then.
  Yeah, that's one of those like non-joke.
  First of all, we were just debating this opening jokes.
  We've pulled the audience before.
  Can we get rid of these?  No, no, no.
  That was the, we were talking about the warnings.
  Because those we always end up doing like, all right, we got to do this.
  We've tried to get rid of jokes we've never tried to get rid of.
  But we've internally tried to get rid of them, right?  Or am I misremembering?  I might be misremembering.
  It's my fault because I didn't want to keep saying childless men because then I had a  child.
  Oh yeah, yeah, that's true.
  That's the only reason.
  We could go back to it.
  Could we get rid of all the fun stuff on the podcast?  I'm asking that to the audience now.
  Will you allow us to really stop with like a pre-written stuff?  Yeah, that's all.
  We're too lazy to.
  Yeah, I mean, already people probably think we don't do enough research sometimes, but  can we just at least not be cute?  Why do people think that?  We do it.
  We do.
  I'm knowing.
  Who's saying that?  Well, look, I'll take it.
  I get hit.
  We know.
  I don't know my Munster's facts.
  I don't know my I love Lucy facts.
  There's people that are furious at me.
  Those things aren't the premise of the podcast.
  So you are not obliged to know these things.
  Taking big swings there.
  That's true.
  Okay, okay, fine.
  The start is in and the preamble fun joke is still in.
  It's all in.
  I'm not going to cut any of that stuff.
  No, and having guests is in.
  We have guests still.
  There's one here right now.
  Is there?  There is!  It's a podcasting professional.
  Is he from the podcast Perkast?  See Jurassic Right?  Am I favorite murder?  That's right.
  Is it Stephen Ray Morris?  It is.
  Wow.
  He's here.
  I just appeared.
  I'm glad to be here when you're having a meta kind of crisis about your own podcast.
  It's very fun.
  It feels very it's like a throwback.
  I feel like Jordan Morris a while back was saying it's like remember when podcasts like  in 2012 when you just talked, you know, didn't worry about how long it was.
  It could be three hours and people would listen, you know, and I like that feeling.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's really just working out.
  Like boring, like just managerial, like just really like, I don't know.
  You have your meetings while you're doing the show is what you're all about.
  Wow.
  We're all here.
  I feel like the only difference is that people don't just blatantly like say their address  and where they live anymore.
  So when you comedy podcasts like from 2010 to like 13, it's like, yeah, and just down  the street from this place.
  It's like nowadays, I feel like people don't do that anymore.
  Yeah.
  Mitchell keeps the tradition alive.
  If anyone can go find him, stalk him, bother him.
  Yeah.
  Eating in his house, which is I don't I don't have the address offhand.
  Well, but if we if we text, we just get it and read it and he'd be fine with it.
  He's mildly annoyed if you come.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Damn it.
  All right.
  Want some want some wheat thins?  I feel like that's like the handful of times I've been lucky to record doughboys is because  I was just wandering off the wandering around with podcast equipment and he just Nick just  opened the door and was like, we need it.
  We need an engineer.
  You saw this gone for the day or whatever.
  Emma's gone.
  You there.
  Yeah.
  What?  Yeah.
  Oh, I have an H6N.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Inspiring engineers out there.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wine is address.
  You might know it already.
  Well, we'll stop talking show business.
  We'll get to the actual show business, not show business.
  Business of the show.
  The business of the show.
  We'll talk theme park theme park.
  This podcast is about and you brought a topic today that was not on any of our radar.
  I don't believe before.
  No, never heard of it.
  It's a place in Salt Lake City called Lagoon.
  Yes.
  So what is your what's your connection to this place?  Because you were before we started recording, you were alluding to growing up here.
  But then you know, like you brought up this play.
  What's yeah.
  Paint the picture.
  Well, so the main connection is that my girlfriend, Brennan White is ex Mormon.
  And but I feel like a lot of ex-Mormons still go back to Utah.
  And so it was actually the first time I went to Salt Lake.
  We went to Lagoon, which I keep calling Lagoon World because I feel like I'm so used to theme  parks having Universal Studios, Disneyland, like little more.
  Yeah.
  I felt weird saying it just now.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, it passes.
  And you're like, that's it.
  That's the name.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's I was thinking about it a lot where it's like because I wanted to make sure I remembered  what rides and stuff I went on and Lagoon when I first went to growing up here, like  I literally grew up 10 minutes away from Disneyland.
  It was my first job ever was working at Pizza Port.
  Yeah.
 And then going to Lagoon and it's like almost like the Legos, the Lego, excuse me,  when we were a kid where it was just like Knight Cowboy.
  Like that's how Lagoon is.
  There's like no branded content.
  It's very surreal.
  Ah, right.
  A rare theme park without any.
  There's not even some rubber stamped SpongeBob type attraction.
  They don't even have like a couple of Harvey Comics characters.
  No, no.
  Yeah, it's very weird.
  I think like they have a subway in the park.
  Like I think that's about it.
  Yeah.
 And of course, like all smaller regional parks, they got Dippin Dots.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 You want Dippin Dots.
  They got Dippin Dots, the canniest sweet sweet tree company.
  So excited for those growing up.
  I felt like I don't know, like when because that Knott's Bear Farm is where I think I  first had them.
  And it was just like this is the most exciting thing in the world.
  And they kind of.
 Yeah.
  Or I don't know.
 I don't really like the future.
  Never came.
 Yeah.
  Never became the future where it is ice cream.
  It was a full court press one summer down the shore.
  They weren't there like all the shore towns in New Jersey,  like which is a very regional business, like a seasonal business.
  The Memorial Day is official kickoff.
  And one summer Dippin Dots were just everywhere.
  And it worked.
 We're going to try these things.
  Yeah, I get nostalgic for them.
  Yeah, you know, I like them.
  Yeah.
 Well, I know.
  I think I said, does anyone care about Dippin Dots?  And somebody was mad at me once online, I think.
  But I found there's there's ripoff Dippin Dots at the round one in Burbank.
  What is it called?  I have to look up.
  There are numerous ripoff Dippin Dots.
  Jason's sweet spots are like I've seen them.
  I mean, Dippin Dots at this point are you can get them at like gas.
  Like there's like a to go little container at gas stations.
  Creamy pebbles.
 Yeah.
  Chill cuties like how the tangerines, you know, but they're like little ice cream.
  Yeah, you spell it with a K and it gets you off of their branding  and the show and the series cutie.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, that was my connection to Lagoon was just because my girlfriend  and I both have universal passes and, you know, we do the thing,  like go to lunch and like ride a couple rides.
  I believe Kelly Nugent was the first person to suggest to me  to like go work at Universal, like when I would see people on Hogwarts  with like a laptop, but they would actually like be dressed in the like full,  you know, regalia like at you at the like Jurassic Cafe.
  That seems the best place to work because they actually have plugs outlets.
  Oh, really? Yeah.
  You talking about that second floor?  I've been calling it Jurassic patio.
  It's become my new favorite spot in the park.
  I love my favorite beer in the park.
  Can I ask you, obviously, a massive Jurassic Park fan,  if anyone follows you on social media, just just quickly.
  It doesn't have to be quick.
 I'm going to say quickly.
  Yeah.
 Does that place live up to your expectations?  Are you jealous of the Hogwarts people who get maybe a more elaborate  like land?  It does still break my heart that they didn't put Margaritaville into  like just the Jurassic Cafe, because I feel like the Margaritaville  is so horribly placed in City Walk.
  Like I feel like it's abandoned.
  Yes.
 Like every time I go, I'm like, why isn't this place like filled?  Right.
 Because it's a weird like it's it's on the bottom floor and not the top,  despite that the previous tenant had the top.
  So you have no open air chill.
  It feels very restricted.
  Like this garage is more open air chilled than that location.
  Yeah.
 So like crunched.
  That's the that is I've never thought about that.
  That why not just put it in the park?  It's in Jurassic World.
  So if they were like rebranding so much sense.
  Yeah, that this is this is my gripe corner before the I guess  the Margaritaville thing, because I've I've been to I think I've been  to four Margaritaville's now.
  Chicago.
  That one's the Navy Pier one.
  The one I passed by that one.
  I didn't go in.
  Well, it's to me when I was there, when it was like getting winter time,  it almost felt like last call before like all the boats leave  and you're stuck on the island.
  And then I went to the one in Niagara Falls and it might be the worst  restaurant I've ever eaten.
  Oh, dude, Niagara Falls is so wonderfully trashy.
  There was somebody was posting about it on the Facebook group recently.
  And I was like, why have we not talked more about it?  Because I had like from my one frenzy night there, I had so many thoughts  and memories.
  What was why was that one particularly crazy?  Maybe I just had the wrong thing.
  Like I had poutine fries and it was, you know, it's do that everywhere.
  That is so it's very funny that Margaritaville's occasionally  have like a regional delight.
  Yeah, like like the Orlando Margaritaville has Conch Fritters.
  But the Hollywood one definitely does that have Conch Fritters.
  Conch.
 I don't know what that is pronounced.
  You know, the shell that like in Lord of the Flies, they blow that.
  That's a conch.
  And then the meat of it, the meat inside of it is like a popular like  there's meat inside that shell.
  Yeah, it's a yeah, it's like a big muscle.
  Yeah, it's like a muscle.
  Of course it is because it's a shell for a for a like a creature.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I just thought it was for here in the ocean.
  Yeah.
 Or calling.
  Well, I can't remember the organ in there.
  I was thinking the Helms Deep, the one he blows that.
  But that was.
  But yeah, the Jurassic, I think it's great.
  Like, I think it's one of those things where I think with maybe  a lot of theme park stuff like on paper, like there's a difference  between the concept art to reality.
  And I just feel like concept art is always going to be amazing.
  And like even the concept art for the new Jurassic World, like the plus up  like looked amazing.
  But I was like, they're never going to make that.
  So I'm like part of me is like if when I'm there and you're just  hearing the music, it's just amazing.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 So yeah, it still satisfies your need as a fan.
  Yes.
 Oh, 100 percent.
 Yeah.
  Having the new bar like it's small, but I mean, it's it's fun.
  You know, I think too.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, you take that up to Jurassic Patio, which I'm so worried about talking up.
  I know I know it's crowded, but it was like good place to hang with my kid.
  He could run around and push chairs around at plenty of space like just good.
  Like I've some of my most chill of 2021 is Jurassic Patio.
  It's nice and we shouldn't promote it too much.
  Yeah.
 Because the magic.
  It's so fun.
 Stay the hell off of that.
  That's our place.
 Well, it's us and Steven.
  It's funny because when the Jurassic Park ride closed, the original one,  I was there for the last day.
  I was there for most of the day.
  So I just like wrote it over and over again.
  But then in that in between, I think it was like six or seven months.
  That was when it was the perfect time because there was no like.
  I mean, obviously, mummy and Transformers draw some people, but it was truly like  I felt like that place was half empty for that.
  Oh, the lower lot had does not have its biggest attraction.
  So and people are not maybe not doing the full walk,  which we talk about being too lazy to do sometimes.
  I mean, for that purpose, though, like I used to go like when I would work more nights,  like I would go to Universal.
  I would work for like edit for a couple of hours.
  Again, got the outlets.
  The Wi-Fi is really good there because there's nobody down there now trying to fight for it.
  Oh, and then do editing work even like on a lab?  Yeah, I'm a yeah.
  I used to add some of them and stuff on there.
  But he's crazy.
  This is a very important point.
  I would throw my backpack in the mummy locker and then go ride a few rides.
  And then that was like my workday.
  There's so much.
  Geez.
  Oh, and that's the way is that free that mummy locker like for a certain amount of time?  Or do you?  Yeah, the mummy lockers, I think free for two hours or one hour.
  I might be wrong about that because the.
  Very good.
  Yeah, you think you have to be think that only lasts for like 10 minutes or so,  or however long the ride takes.
  Oh, that's that ain't bad.
  But I guess it would have to.
  Yeah, because in case there's a long line.
  Yeah, yeah, true.
  Yeah.
  Or the ride breaks down and you're still waiting in line.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  While we could.
  Yeah, just just going to the park like that.
  I think that's when I realized I really like it.
  And when I discovered your guys's pod was like that idea of like,  oh, like there's more to a theme park than just like going to because I feel like as a kid,  it's just you're you're waiting in line for three or two hours at a time or an hour at a time.
  And then when you're an adult, you're like, oh, I can get so much more out of a theme park than just  the rides even kind of in a way.
  Well, once you're when if you can go to a theme park, if you're lucky enough to have it not be  just a race to the finish to pack it all into a short amount of time and you can actually be like  a place where you live some of your life or have a chill time, like just be here.
  And if we do one or two things, great.
  But I just want to have like if you treat it as just like an outdoor mall with a target and a  Marshall's.
  I mean, it's it's the past thing.
  And I the Disneyland past thing confuses me now because I went to for Brenda's anniversary.
  We did Avengers campus for the first time because I had been to California Adventure  since like 2010 or something.
  Oh, well, so like did cars for the first time, did all that for the first time.
  And I was like we were like I was like, it's it's only an hour away.
  Like, can we justify getting the Disneyland pass?  Are we going to go every two like two weekends out of the month?  Like with Universal, it's really easy to justify.
  It's free parking.
  And like you get to the front of the line if you have the platinum pass, at least one thing like  it is such a good deal.
  I mean, this year alone, I've probably gone like 15 times, 20 times already.
  Geez, wow.
  Yeah, it's a reopen.
  Like it's it's just the best.
  Makes a lot more sense.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah.
  But you see, you grew up around not just Disneyland, but not that's I'm certainly jealous of  that.
  I was not like I was so little close to Universal, but not terribly.
  So so were you at these places all the time?  Is that a major part of your childhood?  I think so.
  Yeah.
  I mean, Disneyland, I was like I was like a Disney kid in high school.
  And then obviously the theme parks right there.
  And that was when the pass was like $200, you know, and there was one pass.
  And then I worked there for a summer, just one summer at Pizza Port.
  And that was the year that they were rebuilding it.
  So every like every time I go to work, I would see like the back open.
  It was really cool.
  Wait, what year is it?  What are we talking about?  2003 or four, I think is when the ride was shut.
  It was when Space Mountain was shut down.
  Oh, OK.
  I was not not the full not redoing all of tomorrow.
  No, no, no.
  Space Mountain is new.
  OK.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And then and then, yeah, I think that's and then, yeah.
  So then I feel like other people like Matt Apodaca like talked about,  you know, just going after school or going on the weekends or you would go until we get crowded.
  Or like there was again all those like little hacks or whatever.
  And I also had my winter formal at Knott's Berry Farm like Matt also mentioned.
  I think I brought up Twitter recently when I was on that episode and I was like,  how what is the weird monopoly on like winter formal like in Southern California?  And also like it's the worst dance to go to a theme park because you're wearing like a suit.
  Right.
  Like I feel like be like a like a CD Hawkins or something would be a much better option.
  Something a little more casual.
  Yeah, because it takes water rides not out of the equation.
  It just makes it a lot more.
  You want to wear like as few clothes as possible, not like extra clothes.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Or the first time I'm wearing a tie like really.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You got to check out the Timber Mountain Log Ride in a full wool ensemble.
  So they did it in the 60s.
  So everybody did it.
  True.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You got to ask about pizza port because I feel like there's I think there's an episode that's  been on the horizon with somebody.
  I assume somebody mentioned previously in this episode who has some pizza port opinions.
  I think this one's coming down down the road.
  But what you know, the behind the scenes, how the pizza magic happens.
  So it's funny.
  I mean, I feel like because I think maybe some people like the magic is ruined or whatever.
  I didn't work there long enough.
  So I feel like it wasn't kind of.
  But it is one of those things where like if you're looking for a job where you like have like,  you know, your job is like your crew or whatever, like they switch out people every day.
  Like I was there for summer, probably didn't work with the same people more than once.
  But it's very depressing because it's one of those things where like they want to keep the  food fresh.
  So they would like I don't know what it is now.
  I mean, this was 15 years ago, but they would like if the food was sitting out for more  than like a certain amount of time, you'd have to throw it away.
  So imagine like a 17 year old like who can like only afford Pop Tarts from the vending  machine on their break, like having to literally carry a whole pizza and dump it in the trash  regularly.
  And it's like they don't want to give it to any unhoused or anything.
  And like so then it became a thing where like a few of us would be like, how quickly could  you eat that pizza before you had to throw it away?  So you like shove a slice in your mouth as you're walking to the back because it was this long walk  right to the back where the trash compactor was.
  Oh, that helps.
  And so distance.
  Yeah.
  So it's just like down like I was just like, I think I got two slices.
  Okay.
  That was like the record.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if it was a record, but it was my record.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  But somebody more, if somebody was desperate, they could maybe go for a five or six.
  Jason, what do you think you could do?  Yeah, I think too.
  I mean, that's a doughy slice of pizza.
  That's a thick, bready.
  Yes.
  Under season slice of pizza.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it was a lot.
  I mean, too, is it a lot?  And I mean, I was 17.
  I was young.
  You know, that is definitely your young man's game.
  Yeah, I think the other, the other trick was, was the pocket salad because it was like,  I don't know if I should be.
  I don't think Disney can take, take me now.
  Just have like a predator sniper thing.
  But like you would get like a cup for water and you'd put it in your pocket.
  And when you're at the salad station, you would just throw a little couple of  ingredients in your pocket.
  And then by the time you go on your lunch, you'd have like a little salad.
  Wow.
  Again, this is because there have you guys talked about the in between?  I don't know if it's called that anymore, but it's a restaurant in between the two  layers of Disneyland.
  Cause it's like, this has never come up now because there's like the outer layer  where you like see the outside of the park and then the inside.
  And then there's like, I don't even know.
  It's probably like 20 or 30 feet of like where cast members go to get changed.
  And costumes and break rooms.
  Yeah.
  It's sort of on the, is it closer to main street or tomorrow land?  I might've gotten a goal.
  It's closer to main street.
  I think I was there once.
  I got to do this like night shoot where I was in space mountain late at night.
  Oh, cool.
  Just threw it.
  But yeah, just risk this one time.
  So I think it is like a little bit of main street vibe and like a peppermint colored  umbrellas and okay.
  Yeah.
  I think I did it there.
  It was very funny though, because it was like a mean girl sort of thing where like  the cast members who were characters would all sit together and then people who like  worked at the stores would sit together.
  The people worked at restaurants, the like trash people or what I don't know the  correct name garbage disposal people.
  It was almost there was those little clicks.
  Yeah, we've heard that from the people work.
  There were definitely like there was drama between clicks.
  Oh, I'm sure.
  Yeah.
  Dating among.
  Oh, no.
  Like there was like, yeah, there was like scandalous stuff happening, I think too.
  Like, and then there would be like drama between.
  Yeah.
  Actions essentially.
  Is it if he had the story about the guy who had a girl in every land.
  Oh my God.
  But then if, but then if any, once somebody switched, once the tomorrow land girl  ended up being a frontier land girl and all bets were off, his old scheme unraveled.
  Not him.
  It wasn't him.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Somebody else.
  Some scumbag.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm just sad I never saw the basketball court.
  Like I just didn't work there long enough, you know?  Yeah.
  That one feels like is anyone in the audience seen the basketball court?  I don't even think it's possible because they act.
  I think when I was when I was there on a VIP tour, they were like, it's you won't even.
  We can't take you in there.
  It's like a hazard.
  Oh, really?  The condemn sign down to film the Bobger sequence in the Imagineering story.
  Yeah.
  And then when everyone's like, all right, we got to get out of here,  put the condemn sign back up.
  Yeah.
  I guess they, I guess it's not that bad if they brought a 90 year old man.
  Yeah.
  And a film crew.
  Yeah.
  Film crew.
  But I'm sure they don't really want you going.
  It's not as easy as some of the other places that are designed for people to look at,  like the wall department or whatever.
  Yeah.
  And I didn't even see the, I didn't even see the cats at Disney  Island until my most recent trip.
  Oh, yeah.
  I did see a cat by the hotel.
  Oh, sure.
  That's a good spot for them.
  It's like kind of by Trader, Trader Sam's over on that little stretch.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But it pools a little bit and the, by the raft ride by Grizzly Rapids.
  Yeah.
  Has that come up on the, have you covered that end of cats?  A little bit.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I would love to do, because I know somebody runs an Instagram.
  Yeah.
  Like that's the kind of thing I would love to, and I would love to just go on like a tour.
  Also, a ghost just blew open the door, which is very fun.
  The ghostly door opening is back.
  Actually, it's really nice.
  Yeah.
  That's why it's open air in here.
  I love it.
  That's more inside business we can do.
  Yeah.
  We're adjusting the, how the garage works all the time.
  You know, and not to give away when it's being recorded,  but we're only a few short hours from mischief night  or devil's night as it's known in some parts of the country.
  So, the ghost are getting ready.
  Will we get trick or treaters coming to the garage?  If the episode goes past midnight, and then it's technically we're recording on October 31st.
  I had never heard of mischief night until Jason said the phrase eight years ago,  and I've never been the same.
  Well, it's called different things.
  All Hallows Eve is the, that's actually Halloween, right?  But the night before Halloween in different parts of the country,  it's called different things.
  And it's when kids go out a pranking.
  So, mischief night in the Northeast, devil's night, I think in the Midwest.
  But who uses any of this?  People call it Halloween.
  One of the tiny regional things.
  This is from the East Coast.
  One of those things where like he said it as if we all knew it.
  No one had any idea what it was.
  I thought it was a lot more common than it was.
  Don't you see Jason has a backpack full of stink bombs and bars of soap.
  Sloppy baggies.
  Yeah.
  He's ready for mischief night.
  I also, I couldn't be remiss if I didn't mention my tunnels experience.
  At least like it's boring, but it is true.
  It is true that the tunnels under Disneyland look like the Nostromo.
  It's very xenomorph, like alien.
  So there are tunnels?  Because we know that the Magic Kingdom has the big Utilidor situation.
  But what is Disneyland?  It's not like a full park covering thing.
  I think at least my time in it was basically if-  Punishment.
  Yeah, punishment.
  You send me down to the tunnel.
  We saw you eat the slices.
  Get in there.
  Although I think, I don't know what it's called now, but Club Buzz,  their break room is underground, which felt very depressing.
  Oh.
  Oh, wait.
  Well, you would have to, because we did an episode about the bands that would play there.
  So there would have to be underground because that's where you load up the band.
  And then it rises up to the top.
  Yes.
  But I did it a few times because if one of the restaurants was out of ice,  so like one time Peace Corps was out of ice.
  And so you don't want to have this big heavy thing going around to possibly topple over children  or ruin the illusion or whatever.
  And so we would go down and then I'd have the thing, fill it up with ice,  and then go back underground and then go back up.
  So that was kind of my it's not very exciting, but it was it still was like,  again, growing up going to Disneyland and then getting to have any of these kind of things  is like actually kind of really cool.
  I remember at the time being like very into it.
  Most of the audience listening to you are excited to hear about the tunnels.
  That's absolutely like every if they were if somebody at Disneyland was like,  hey, you want to go see the tunnels, they'd be like, oh, my God.
  Yeah.
  Well, it's it was funny, too, because again, I've just started listening to you guys like a few  months ago, really.
 And it's been one of these very exciting things because it feels like every  episode I have an example.
  And it's like as somebody who makes podcasts, the person screaming at the phone, like I'm like,  I was turning into that person.
  I was like, I also saw suburban legends every weekend.
  Like when I go to downtown Disney, like nobody else who else talks about this?  So that was very exciting.
  It was perfect.
  We just gathered him here like the last few months worth of stuff.
  And if you go into the archive, you hear anything that you want that you yell that  bring him back and yellow list.
  It was about the twenty seven.
  Oh, I haven't even gotten to the city walks out yet, but I'm very excited.
  Oh, boy.
  Yeah.
  You have a do you have a favorite aspect of city walk or a treasured city walk memory?  I did sprain my ankle at the dueling pianos bar.
  Oh, wow.
  How the moon really?  Yeah.
 How the moon.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was my friend on at least who also works at exactly right.
  She was performing and there's a little step.
  You know, it's always those little steps.
  Yeah.
  And we went to go down and like just heard like a loud crack.
  But I was drunk like and then leaving.
  It's hard if you if you have to leave city walk, it's very difficult if you  have sprained your ankle.
  Yeah, that's not my favorite.
  But this is very memorable.
  I mean, strong memory.
  I don't know.
  It's it's weird that it's like now my movie theater, too.
  So it's like kind of makes it more festive to like I'm not just like going to the Arclight  or whatever.
  It's like, oh, I like and having a pass is like,  do I want to go to the theme park before or like kind of sure, you know, that kind of  stuff.
  Sure.
  Get a good little like pre show like a bill.
  It probably makes a movie more exciting.
  You got to park up here and pass by a dinosaur on the sign and weave out of this labyrinth  to get to the theater.
  You just reminded me.
  Yeah, because one of the when the last Jurassic World came out, we all ate at  Margaritaville.
  There was the T-Rex statue posted there and then we all went and saw it at the IMAX.
  It was really fun.
  I mean, that's cool.
  There's a new Jurassic Park out and you're doing it in a in an environment where there's  a lot of dress stuff and a ride down stairs and they filmed all of the movies around the  Snug of the Woods to Lost World set is nearby.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That feels neat.
  It's in the air.
  The Jurassic spirit is in the air.
  Yeah, I kind of lucked out as far as like fandoms go because it's like or do you guys  know about this?  Were they going to transform the mummy ride with Tom Cruise if it had done well?  Because it feels like the Jurassic World is kind of like a blueprint where like  Universal always gets rid of rides and replaces them, whereas like Jurassic's the first  like nostalgia revamp and it's like, oh, the mummy could also like stay the same, but just  throw Tom Cruise in there.
  But I don't know if like I feel like that universe didn't even last long enough to even  for it to be considered.
  Yeah, I'm sure it was on the table.
  I don't know.
  Because like they were look, we remember the spread announcing the universe.
  So, yeah, I would imagine they were like, hey, you know, we could do replace Brendan  with Tom.
  Yeah, but it didn't work.
  Yeah, I don't think anything's ever off the table.
  I had always heard the story I had heard was that they had what they had invested in was  like the dark universe, like had a floor and one of the office buildings just full of classic  Universal Monsters stuff.
  Like they went all out of like decorating these offices with stuff because it's like  this is an investment.
  We're going all the way to the top with this.
  And then there's nothing worse than like buying a building and then the building is empty.
  Like that just is so depressing.
  Sure.
  The Quibi curse.
  Oh, yeah.
  The course.
  The course.
  Well, that's all amazing.
  The Pete support, Pete support cred, what cred you're bringing into the show.
  But let's let's head into Lagoon.
  Let's talk Lagoon.
  So that OK, wait, so this mainly you were saying it mainly comes through your girlfriend.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Right.
  So yeah, yeah, we'll explain that connection.
  You've been here, presumably, or you're just or you just like heard about it and  are fascinated by it.
  Yeah, yeah, though I did.
  I did go again in.
  Yeah, I think it was like September of September 2019.
  I was like, you know, it's that thing you're like visiting the significant others family  for the first time.
  Like, let's let's, you know, like, I don't know.
  It was fun to like have activities planned versus like just going to have like dinner  and just be in a house for two days.
  Sure.
  Kind of thing.
  So it was Brennan and her brother, Thomas.
  And then I think some of her like a cousin or niece joined us at some point.
  But like, and it was also September.
  So it was like starting Oktoberfest.
  So they've started selling alcohol in Lagoon.
  I don't know how recent because it is a Mormon known thing.
  I still believe.
  But like, or I don't know if the upper corporate people or whatever.
  But I think selling alcohol in Lagoon was like a novelty because I remember Brennan  and Thomas were very like, there's like an Oktoberfest thing here, like all that kind  of stuff.
  That's potentially a little rare.
  Well, I don't like I don't I don't know much about Salt Lake City.
  Is like, is that a is that a rare aspect of a place in Salt Lake City?  Do we know?  Or is it like, am I am I overthinking the puritanical nature of the city?  Most people from SLC will be quick to say that it's like the most like like liberal,  woke, cool, young of Utah kind of thing.
  And Lagoon is probably like 20 minutes east.
  OK, and it is true.
  Like I was watching some of the ride videos, the rides that I went on again.
  And it's like you are truly just like looking over a free.
  I guess that's true for all theme parks, I guess.
  But a lot of them.
  Yeah.
  Besides Disney.
  Yeah, you're often next to a bunch of unglamorous stuff.
  Yeah.
  But Lagoon is like the attitude there is like the parking lot is a field like,  oh, you know what I mean?  Like that, I feel like if anybody wants to be like sold on the vibes, it's a field that  you park in.
  Yeah.
  And there's a lot of green space in the park and there's mountains in the background.
  Yes.
  Like I love parks that have a lot of nature.
  It's like in and around.
  Yeah.
  Well, and the other thing I was saying, because Mike, I sent you a couple of pictures like  the juxtaposition of like these like crazy roller coasters, like Cannibal.
  We could talk about more.
  And that's the one where like it's like cliffhanger, you know, where it goes under  like the roller coaster goes under and down.
  It's not just a straight like 90 degree drop or whatever, how you describe it.
  I looked up the term or I saw the term.
  It's be beyond vertical.
  That's what a weird way to frame it.
  That it is not just a thing.
  A ride goes straight up and then straight back down.
  But there's a little like lip so that you go a little almost upside down and then straight  down.
  I know it'll help the listener.
  It is exactly like the shell razor roller coaster at the American Dream Mall, the Ninja  Turtle coaster.
  It does the same thing.
  Which I suspect beat it as steepest drop because at one point I saw this listed at one point  as the steepest coaster in North America.
  And now it's just one of the steepest.
  Right.
  That one might be like they squeaked a couple more degrees.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And it's indoors.
  It's a trapped ride.
  It's trapped.
  And then you get that like a view of like just the New Jersey like wasteland when you  look out like at the top of it.
  Are you guys going to do a Mall of America episode at some point?  I feel like that seems like such a.
  Yeah, yeah, I've been I went that.
  Cool.
  And like again, this theme park where it's like not branded.
  There's no characters, movies or anything.
  It's just it feels like I was in like a Disney Channel original movie or something.
  Which I think they have shot there.
  But they have.
  I'm sure that will come up since we brought up Cannibal.
  I have to say I just love this graphic on the website of just Cannibal Mega Coaster  and a smiling child.
  Oh my God.
  Like scary word and then not a very not scary font and kid.
  Learn about Cannibal.
  Like it's just.
  I know it's a roller.
  The juxtaposition was just very funny.
  Well, and that's to sell that point even more.
  It's like on the website.
  It's like, yeah, Cannibal Wicked like sky like.
  But then there's like roller coaster like it's just roller coaster.
  The wooden roller coaster is just called roller coaster on the website.
  A hundred years old.
  It's built in 1921 designed by the guy who designed some of the Coney Island ride.
  Oh, wow.
  Really?  And there was a fire in the 50s.
  They did rebuild, but it is so funny.
  I was trying to see.
  I couldn't find any T-shirts, but if they sold T-shirts, I just said roller.
  Yeah, roller coaster.
  It's just it's funny because it is like you can just call it anything.
  And then they were like, yeah, we're good.
  Zip like not even think of one verb that a roller coaster does.
  Yeah, not even like the roller coaster.
  Right.
  But the juxtaposition of that is that they also have a full pioneer village,  which is like recreation of like what the Mormon like,  like probably what Salt Lake City looked like in the 1800s or something.
  So my day was very weird where it was like we did that in the morning  and like started drinking and doing that.
  And then we did roller coasters to like close out the day.
  Oh, nice.
  That's like a logical flow.
  Yeah, it's like this.
  Well, this sounds like Utah knots.
  It seems completely like off like off brand, like not a lot of IP.
  There's there's a lot of coasters and then the little charm things that you do.
  I mean, this seems this seems great.
  I feel like we'd have a great time there.
  I feel like not says has more.
  I mean, I haven't been in probably like 10 years as well, but it feels like they  they've like but they're like trying to make it.
  They're almost building their own like universe or whatever.
  Like Laguna, like here are just 15 roller coasters.
  Yeah, like stuff again.
  Another thing I like epitomize that like Cannibal when we were going on  and I'm also somebody who's terrified of roller coasters until I go on.
  And then I'm like, who?  Like this is the best.
  Right.
  Always forget.
  Yeah, it's like I'm like I'm like because as a kid, like I remember like I would hold  my head down on Indiana Jones.
  Like I was so terrified.
  Geez.
  Yeah.
  But it was but then after the ride, you're like, oh, that was great.
  Like we're fine with Cannibal.
  We were waiting to get on and somebody had puked on the ride.
  It was like a bunch of like 15 year olds being like, I don't want to do it.
  I don't like it was just they were all like looking at like mad dog  and each other like who's going to break and like actually clean up the puke.
  And that was like the experience getting on that ride.
  And then if I don't know if you watch any videos of it, but there's like you literally  take a elevator up to the top and then that's really weird kind of a creepy narrow shaft.
  Yeah.
  Does it feel rickety or dangerous though or anything?  Because it's pretty new.
  It's a new.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's it.
  No, it doesn't feel dangerous.
  It just it is just a weird like the notion of tracks having to disconnect.
  To me, that seems like a scary concept.
  Sure.
  Oh, I want this thing to be attached the whole time.
  Like a break in the thing means like what if it like got off or, you know,  like it's the one.
  Yeah, it's never like, yeah, you would feel good if it's like it's never come off this track.
  Yeah, it's all there's no chance.
  Yeah, it could just get like snatched away by I don't know, a big bird.
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
  You get at the top like it comes in.
  Eagle could take away one of the cars.
  Yeah, it's a great roller coaster, but it is one of those things where like the buildup of it is  definitely the most exciting part in a way, because once you do that beyond drop, I think  there's like one loop and then it's kind of just chill.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  As far as a roller coaster.
  It's hang time like a little bit like that too, right?  It's a little.
  It's a little bit.
  I kind of find like that gimmick feels scarier when you look at it as far as it going this way  than actually doing it.
  Like it is scary to kind of have that slow drop.
  Yeah.
  Unless it's much more severe than hang time.
  The hang time is the one it not to what goes.
  You have to go like straight up like vertical on your.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, that's here.
  Sure.
  And then it hanged it holds you.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  I don't even know if I've been on that.
  That's fine to me.
  That's a newer too.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, if you're in the front, but it's fine with me, but that vertical up, I just go, oh, man,  like I'm holding the front like.
  Well, that's why riser you have to where you just go up to the top and you just sit there.
  Like the one where the guy climbed to the top speed of Nutsberry Farm,  where that guy climbed to the top of a couple of months ago.
  Yeah, that was a nut.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That happened.
  I didn't look into it too much, but because he was fine, but it was just like, how did you even  like my fear of height, like how did you even get like he climbed up like a service ladder?  Right.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah.
  So yeah, they do that.
  Like they make it accessible for employees.
  But yeah, but yeah, yeah, it's like if this vehicle wasn't forcing me up here,  there's no way I would keep going.
  So imagine just yourself on your lonesome.
  Do you watch those like urban explorer videos where guys just have like a GoPro  and they're up at the top of like a skyscraper?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They go to like the very top of I don't whatever the highest point in a city is.
  And then they're just like, like dangling, dangling off the side.
  And you're like, I don't know how your brain didn't just melt down.
  Well, I feel like there's like two different kinds of like being afraid of heights.
  It's like I like being up high, but being up high safely.
  You know, if you go to a city and you're like, I'm going to go up to the space needle  or, you know, do that kind of stuff that's different than like to me, like story decks.
  Yeah, I just like had a panic attack of when because I went to Orlando  like a month ago to do the Hagrid and the Velocicoaster.
  And on the way in when you're driving, there's that like space needle type thing  that like launches people out on swings.
  Oh, yeah.
  It is like, yeah, my stomach like fell when I saw that.
  And I was like, I don't know.
  Like, it's like the what's the thing in Vegas that also is like a space  needle kind of thing.
  Oh, I know what you're talking about.
  Yeah, I don't know the name of it.
  But like that is terrifying because it is feels like, oh, that's just like one chain.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The fun spot thing, you mean?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The subject of podcasts, the rides lost episode.
  That was the sort of subject a little bit accidentally.
  Yeah.
  Whole episode was dead.
  We've we've kept it secret from the audience, but it's our  secret shame.
  I mean, look, the somebody when I first started recording podcasts and got into this world,  somebody was like, you know, we just lose episodes every once in a while.
  And I was like, what?  How mean now like your goals you can't lose one.
  I'm like, yeah, that just happens sometimes.
  Yeah, it's just going to happen.
  You just have to get used to it.
  It's OK.
  Wait, so you're saying it's normal.
  Like we shouldn't be.
  It took us four years.
  So pretty good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, no, too.
  We've done two.
  We've lost two.
  That's that's pretty good.
  I think you guys are doing great.
  Yeah.
  City Walk saw the fans.
  That's our that's our inside.
  Now there was one of the sectors had to be redone.
  Yeah.
  Can you imagine imagine what was imagine the alternate sector to what riff heights were reached?  Hot dog jokes.
  What do we make in that one?  Who knows?  Crepe observations were too gold to be repeated.
  Yeah, I was I was also just like  cannibal is like scary and then it kind of tapers out from there.
  I feel like as a roller coaster.
  Yeah, that's nice.
  Get the get the scary stuff done early.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, a lot of those hang times like that where it's like the big gimmick is up at the top and  then it's just fun.
  But then there's like other stuff at Six Flags or the like what's the one that crushed my  genitals on Six Flags that was the whole losses.
  Twisted Colossus was terrifying from start to finish.
  Oh, geez.
  Wait, was that a Green Lantern one?  No.
  Oh, that's it.
  No, no, no.
  I did that one.
  I think was already shut down.
  Okay, it was hurting too many people.
  People were too like in track like in pain.
  Oh, that was kind of a notorious like didn't.
  Yeah, it was like a weird kind of lazy figure.
  I know it's not quite that but like a figure eight where it was like the cars were on the side.
  Defunct landed one video about it and it's like kind of like the cars would like twist like this.
  And so like all of a sudden would just like drop and people would just be like rock slam  their head like rocked in the cars and everyone hated it.
  This used to be the idea of parks.
  I feel like in the 20s, 30s, 40s, if you weren't like banging your head around,  you weren't really doing it.
  That's true.
  I mean, we were we have a privileged time in theme parks where it's like  and we haven't done Velocicoaster.
  We haven't done Velocicoaster but I have heard it's like the smoothest.
  Yeah, so I don't want to spoil anything or anything.
  I'm somebody who I didn't realize that also until like again,  like thinking about theme parks more.
  I was like, oh, yeah, I don't really want to watch a video before I go on.
  Like, yeah, I know it won't ruin the magic for me, but it's almost like if I can help it.
  But yeah, I will say that about Velocicoaster, especially because I did the Hulk one  like within the same time frame.
  And yeah, I was like, oh, I've never ridden a roller coaster that was made now.
  I'm always we're always riding things that were developed with technology from like 20 years.
  The grass and is the smoothest roller coaster I've ever been on.
  It seems like a lot of lagoon is pretty new.
  When did you go?  When's the last time?  2019 and oh, so the stuff.
  Most of their big stuff was there.
  Yeah, it doesn't seem like it's changed much since I went there.
  The other really cool one was Wicked, where it was just like  it just literally is like it launches you up.
  Wow.
  And then and then, yeah, it is kind of like a chill thing after that.
  That was my memory of it.
  But it is like again, like to me, the terrifying thing of where you're like  where you're changing the angle of which you're like sitting still is terrifying to me for some reason.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Because it's recapturing that, you know, it's recapturing that of like  when you're waiting up at the top for the drop.
  Oh, sure, sure.
  I saw a video that had the dreaded swing back on that.
  Like it went it launched, it went up and it didn't quite make it and it came back down.
  Oh, wow.
  Which the ride we talked about Kingda Ka a while ago, that happens all the time.
  I think that's very normal.
  Maybe not on this Wicked ride.
  That might have been rare.
  A little alarm.
  I think they just got it together and then just went again.
  That wasn't like the day is over at Wicked, but.
  Yeah, it looks I mean, it looks like I check the website.
  It looks like it's still open.
  Yeah, it doesn't seem like much has changed since I've been there.
  Like in yeah, Cannibal, I think is their newest one.
  And yeah, the rest of the rides I felt like because again,  it's that thing of like when you have a pass, I feel like other than when I went to Orlando,  where I truly was there for like 48 hours just to go to Islands of Adventure and Universal.
  I feel like now going to Laguna was like, OK, like Brenna's family lives  here, so if I want to go again and catch things that I missed, like it was kind of there was no  pressure to like pack the day with every single ride.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  And it does have 10 roller coasters.
  Like it is one of the larger collection of coasters in the Western U.
S.
  I'm surprised it's not talked about more, but it is also family run, family run owned.
  So I think it's not is it has it been the same family like forever and ever?  Because I think it is if it is who ran in the 50s and 60s, I think it's not Mormon.
  Oddly, I think it is.
  I think it's Catholic, which is rare out there.
  I think it's been bought.
  It was like slowly purchased.
  Oh, OK.
  OK.
  So it might not be this.
  It goes all the way back to 1886.
  So it's changed hands a number of times and morphed and there's been fires and.
  Yeah, that surprised me learning about it.
  It's like, can you call it the same theme park if it completely burned down to the ground and  they started over like?  Yeah.
  Early on, there was a big emphasis on like, yeah, a freshwater swimming pool and a walking.
  You can come.
  I think you can still do the walking trail like year round around the property.
  Yeah, but it's it's very it's a very old time park.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's what I kind of liked about it as far as like, again,  going to theme parks a lot.
  It's like I appreciate the times where you can kind of like the pioneer village is great  because it was like, cool, I'll get an ice cream, get a slushy or whatever and  just walk around and then go on a coaster like kind of that back and forth.
  And like the swing chill at some point, don't you?  It's hard to I think I think and I think people who just say they don't like theme parks are  probably people who felt like, well, I got to get to ends up.
  You're just running a gun and you're in a line and it's stressful.
  And I think if you approach it, chill, at least build in some chill, you'll have a different.
  Yeah, yeah, no, totally.
  And like the swings there have the coolest name turn of the century.
  And it's just a swing ride.
  But it's like, oh, that's cool.
  It feels like built up more.
  And that was I think that was the first ride we did there.
  And it is over that lake.
  And you can see like the you can see like where you can walk.
  And they also had a there's a water park there as well, too.
  But it was closed because I guess September is already winter and slowly.
  I don't know.
  But like, OK, and then they also I think they're phasing out their zoo because I remember we  walked like we walked by tiger cages, but I don't think I saw any tigers.
  Well, I heard there was just a tiger, just one tiger.
  Like there's a party rather than there's just suddenly a tiger in a cage.
  The tiger.
  The tiger.
  But yes, there could have been more animals and I just missed it.
  We can't probably believe the water park is called Laguna Beach.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I didn't remember.
  I don't remember that.
  That's so funny.
  Lagoon Beach.
  Yes, a beach.
  Which is funny to use lagoon, which is already water based.
  Yeah.
  And the Laguna Beach.
  Yeah.
  But it's fun.
  I'm not mad at it.
  Yeah.
  That's like a pun that original California Adventure would have done.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Hey, a lot of great naming stuff.
  I mean, the best named thing here is Terror Ride.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Manto of Terror and Ride like and a great logo.
  Terror Ride, the Lagoon logo, the multicolored Lagoon logo, like some really fun logos.
  There's also the extreme area called the X Venture Zone.
  Honestly, don't even remember that.
  It's it's you know, it is a thing where you appreciate really good design.
  I feel like with Disneyland, I can like see it in my sleep.
  Like the layout Laguna is like six flags.
  It's just all over the place.
  Dead ends and doubling back.
  Again, like it feels like what's great about it is that the stuff there that's great is  really great.
  And that like I mean, Cannibal is truly like a memorable experience.
  But I was going to say, do you guys count water parks as theme parks or is that a separate thing?  Sure.
  I do.
  Yeah, yeah, I think so.
  Well, I've said it before.
  I don't like this thing where Universal says volcano Bay is their third part that I don't.
  It's a water theme park.
  It's a third part.
  No, no, it's made up.
  Not the same thing.
  You haven't been, though.
  I haven't been, no, but.
  Because it is.
  I've said this before.
  I'm sure I said this in the podcast.
  Have you been to volcano Bay?  Well, I saw it from the hotel I was staying at.
  OK.
  And I was very charming when the like volcano would go off.
  Yeah.
  I was sitting in like the way I was just like standing in the way pool, just looking at the fake  volcano being like this is so good.
  I love this.
  It seems very it seems like an excellent water park.
  But how do you say it's the same thing as these parks that have 40 rides or whatever?  Yeah, because to me, I never it feels different because like growing up,  there was raging waters and wild rivers in Southern California.
  And so that to me was like like, well, we're going to Disneyland.
  Wait, where's Wild Rivers?  Wild Rivers was an Irvine.
  It was also where I think where the Irvine Spectrum is now.
  Yes.
  And with the or like, is it in the same negative ways as that concert venue where you have to hike two miles?  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I saw a K-Rock.
  No, not weenie roast.
  Maybe it was weenie roast.
  Almost acoustic Christmas.
  Maybe I saw a K-Rock summer thing.
  Oh, but not sorry.
  I wouldn't have a Christmas.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And went to wango tango at the Rose Bowl one year in high school.
  But they also had the tiger, the drive through Tiger Safari out in that part of Irvine as well.
  Oh, right.
  Right.
  I've heard of that a little bit.
  Like that is a weird.
  Yeah.
  More than one tiger there.
  I think so.
  More than one.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think a few lions.
  And yeah, it's weird that they had stuff like that.
  It feels like Lagoon had more of that stuff, but I don't I don't remember because again,  it's like I saw multiple cages.
  Yeah.
  Well, there was a whole pack.
  You could they raised horses there for a while.
  I read like they were trying a lot of stuff out.
  I feel.
  Yeah.
  It's been around for so long.
  Yeah.
  Lagoon really they experiment.
  They were experimentally.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And the old days.
  Indeed.
  The thing that really stuck with me about this part, just because it was so specific,  not only is there a haunted attraction called Terror Ride, there's another attraction called  Dracula's Castle, which is very similar.
  I think Terror Ride looks better.
  Terror Ride, I think, had a big like 50th anniversary and they redid a lot of it,  put in new lighting and effects and stuff.
  And I was like, oh, I like Terror Ride.
  I like I like both of these a lot.
  If we if I were to go there, I'd make a beeline for these two.
  These are great.
  I think I'm trying to remember because I feel like I would have done that.
  But I think maybe it was maybe shut down for like me, like because I know it was also there  when they were setting up for Halloween.
  So I feel like because to me, yeah, I love it's a dark ride, right?  Yeah.
  They I feel like I would have gone like that would have been the first.
  I also really like Dark Ride, so I feel like I would have gone to it,  but I don't remember being on the agenda.
  Two big, spooky dark rides like that's awesome.
  Although watching the videos, I was like, I think the doors on these rides are pushed open by your car.
  Like just oh, it just slams.
  I think it slams the doors open or it's just the timing.
  But I swear I heard a thunk as like the the rider's vehicle was going through the door.
  Well, the video I watched that seems in line with we might have watched the same one,  but then also like there's you kind of like three sets of doors swing open and just dark unthemed  hallways.
  And in the second one, you see a woman in a mask just there.
  The woman just scared me.
  Yeah.
  And there's some like just simple scares in that that I probably would have jumped if I was riding  it.
  But there's like a terror ride video and I think it's that one.
  It's either from 2020 or 2021.
  And you can just tell how good low level phone video or GoPro video has gotten because like the one from  2017, you can barely make stuff out of the 2021.
  It's so crisp.
  Yeah, I might have to watch these videos because yeah, I remember maybe it was just in that  transition of setting up for Halloween and it was confusing.
  I'd never been there before and it hadn't been for a while either.
  So it was just like, yeah, we we really focused on getting a couple of those key roller coasters  checking because part of that trip also was like I'm just fascinated by Mormon history and it just  it's such a weird wild world that that whole thing is.
  So we like that was like also checking out the Pioneer Village and there's like I mean, it truly  is like a full size little city like like, you know, like the back lot at Universal.
  Like you'd walk through the whole town kind of like there's the general store and all that kind  of thing.
  Was it Mormon furniture?  Yes, yes.
  Something they have that seemed like the most active Mormon representation.
  It was very exciting.
  I really enjoyed it.
  It's not like a mayor though of the city, right?  Like it's not like it's not like it's not.
  I agree.
  Yeah, but it doesn't seem like it's got like a whole like town populated.
  They don't even have like a Joseph Smith walk around or anything.
  No, no, which is what you need.
  Yeah.
  Well, if you fight like behind it, there'd be like a little area where they find the plates  like every hour, you know, it's like, oh my, like, you know, like not Mephisto with the name  Mordecai, not Mordecai.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's an M name that comes up.
  The angel comes upon Joseph Smith gives me a vision.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  We're all sure we're all just trying to rewatch that one South Park episode in our heads.
  The main way we all know the story.
  It's in the one Book of Mormon song, too.
  Yeah, I can't think of it.
  He's on the top of every Mormon temple.
  He's the gold statue.
  But we apologize for not knowing this.
  A Molok is the devil.
  It's not Molok.
  What is it?  Yeah, like Zaya.
  There's a book of Mosaic.
  I don't know if it is.
  I don't know.
  Might be.
  Can you buy seer stones?  Do they have seer stones?  Moroni.
  Moroni.
  Moroni.
  Yeah.
  Moroni.
  Moroni is not Mazaya.
  Yeah, it comes down.
  There's a vision.
  You get to participate because I think Joseph Smith had a bunch of people swear that they  also saw the plates.
  You're saying they do do this or they should?  They should do this.
  I don't know that they have as good a sense of humor as say the not ghost town, like Prospector.
  Yeah.
  But we've encountered religious parks, the Holy Land Experience, where there are  Jesuses and crucifixions.
  And so why not get your why not get everyone's favorite characters out there?  Yeah.
  Moroni and Joseph Smith.
  I do understand them playing to the Mormon crowd and population, but it did surprise me that  the food and drink section of the park's website is just everyone drinking giant  Oktoberfest beers from the beer garden.
  And because you can get alcohol in Utah and Salt Lake City and stuff, but it's like weird  portions, like we regulate it.
  I read a lot of stuff relaxed after the Olympics in 2002 just now.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's when like all like there were some weirder laws, but I think mostly they were just  like, we got to make that money.
  Well, and yeah, the beers used to be like lower alcohol content in general all over  Utah.
  And then, yeah, I think all that's changed.
  I got the vibe there that like with Oktoberfest stuff, like people were excited.
  Like it was like, oh, cool.
  Like we can get trashed at like.
  Oh, OK.
  It really was special in a way that like at another theme park and event like that  might be like, oh, whatever.
  Who cares?  But yeah, yeah.
  Universal is very par for the course now.
  You're there to drink a ton.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  So exactly.
  Well, yeah, I mean, part of Brennan is like when we started dating was we do the  challenge because at the Jurassic Park ride, they used to have the two stalls.
  And so you had to try and drink like you had to try and drink as many tall boys before  you get to the front of the Jurassic line.
  We both did, too.
  Again, this too number.
  He's yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Because you end up at two, whatever the challenge is.
  Yeah, because that was before the pass.
  So it was like, how do you pass, you know, two hours waiting in line?  You know, especially if you're just meeting somebody for the first time or like  second or third date or whatever.
  It's just sort of like, all right, well, we're going to hang out for two hours in line.
  Oh, yeah, that's big.
  If you're getting to know somebody, that could you don't want you don't want the  relationship to unravel in line because the line was too long and boring.
  Yeah, exactly.
  At the start of the line, you're like into each other by the end.
  You're like, you know what?  This isn't going to work out if you just picked like a 45 minute.
  Yeah, you might have survived.
  How do you?  Yeah, there's so many other factors that are weighing in everyone at the time.
  Yeah, I think the Jurassic ride is the best ride, I think, for a date in that sense,  because you got the misters going on a hot day.
  Like the mummy ride is a little weird because you're like, can't tell if  the if you're when you're in line, if you are if somebody is paying attention to  or somebody's going off somewhere else, you open your phone, it's like, like.
  Yeah, a good date line.
  Yes, I've never thought about that.
  I know.
  I mean, you know, I love love radiator springs is, you know, you take those of so many times  you take the beer into that line and that seems like a good recently.
  Scott has said, I mean, I think he feels this way about lines and dates.
  He just wants to cut to the chase.
  I mean, hang on.
  You cannot get done to bring that one in.
  By the way, I want to say, didn't see a lot of Scott is wrong.
  Well, that's coming up.
  Didn't see a lot of Scott is coming out on a future episode.
  I have a collection of emails.
  Wait, but the email was Scott is right.
  It's I created the email address and there are emails.
  I'm just saying it was not on this episode, but we'll get to that.
  Interesting.
  Yeah, we'll get to them feeling good.
  I don't I wasn't canceled for that.
  I wasn't canceled for saying the Haunted Mansion Attic isn't that good.
  Well, I feel like I'm all streaked since we're on a Scott kick.
  Let me ask because I didn't want to like do this on second gate and have less people  hear the explanation.
  So I do want to know and you know, because you're a listener, Steven,  you may have seen this going around on Twitter.
  Scott, what is the story of the picture with Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian?  Just like you in the background.
  So I was I was I was worried you were going to cancel me or something.
  There's going to be something bad.
  So I suppose where did Inquisition was coming?  Oh, yeah.
 So this came up recently.
  I'm in a photograph with Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian and Justin Timberlake.
  And it's because we hung all the time and it was just like a regular thing.
  There's no story really.
  No, it was just a I like through some odd connection.
  I got to go to the premiere of the movie Alpha Dog.
  We all recall Alpha Dog very well.
  And which we're like, oh, maybe maybe Timberlake will be there.
  That's great.
  We got a sense of what the movie was going to be in.
  Like you want to not watch the movie and I guess in typical Scott fashion.
  So I didn't see the movie.
  I just left, wandered around Hollywood and then came back for the party.
  And then really wanted a picture with Timberlake  because this was future sex love sounds era.
  So when Timberlake is never cooler.
  And so we were waiting around to get a photo.
  My now wife, Erin and I and did not realize that as we were waiting there,  trying to get through to his table that I didn't know Paris Hilton was there.
  And at the time, I didn't know who Kim Kardashian was.
  Well, because she was Paris's assistant still.
  Is that real?  Whoa, yeah.
  That was how she kind of her first claim to fame.
  Yeah.
  Besides the family connection.
  OK.
  Oh, God, I didn't realize that.
  Yeah, she looks a little more like functional in the pay.
  Almost looks like she's like to like, she looks like schedule something.
  Yeah, yeah, I think so.
  Not as glammed up maybe.
  And like, so yeah, so I did not know what photograph I was in basically,  but I think it's very rare that there is a photo of these three people in one place.
  So if anything ever needs that, or I think somebody found it in a meme type setting,  but I've also heard over the years, hey, I was watching Extra and it was zooming around a photo  and I saw you in the photo and what's going on with it.
  So I snuck into this like grand trio meeting of minds that I had no idea was going on.
  Although maybe I maybe Tim really didn't know who she was at the time either.
  He might not have like, oh, Paris's assistant.
  All right.
  Well, call me when a real star shows up.
  I don't know.
  I don't know his feeling at the time.
  But the other part of that story is that then we got up to we did get through to him,  got a picture.
  He said, yeah, sure.
  20 bucks.
  And we were like, that's funny.
  And he said, no, really.
  And then put his hand out and we were like, well, you know what?  When in Rome, we want a picture with Timberlake.
  And in the photo, I look a little freaked out.
  Just because I'm thinking about that, like, oh my God, he's holding our money right now.
  Wow.
  Yeah, it was a little like this.
  Wait, is this the deal with this kind of guy?  So we took the photo and like, Jesus, oh, so he sucks.
  And we're in the photo.
  In the photo, our face is like, wow, this is us meeting Timberlake and now realizing he sucks.
  And then photo snapped.
  And then he said, I'm just kidding.
  Here you go.
  Hand it.
  Oh, wow.
  OK.
  So that might be his little shtick.
  It's a little power move still.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And to see like how far will people it's like, yeah, like, can I make people right?  Right.
  Anyway.
  Yeah.
  Look, guys, I met a real MMC member.
  Another classic Hollywood sicko trip.
  I was going to say.
  What's it like out here, folks?  I was going to say it almost reminds me of like this kind of philosophy that really I  didn't realize was taking over rides, that idea of like, you're the hero.
  So in that moment, that's like, if that was a ride like Hollywood, the ride,  like you would be the hero.
  You're getting to mix it up with the rest of the Avengers kind of thing.
  Oh, true.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes.
  You're the every man that you're in it.
  You're experiencing the yeah, yeah.
  It's the intimacy of the ride.
  Yes.
  Justin Timberlake is talking to you.
  He's taking your money.
  Superstar limo.
  Yes.
  I was like, assistant, the ride sounds awful.
  That's probably more stressful.
  Yes.
  More action, maybe.
  Yeah.
  Running around town, more near accidents.
  You're like in the middle of the queue and like somebody comes out like a secret accent  and goes, no, you're on now.
  Now is when you're on the ride and they just throw you on the ride.
  You don't even get a chance to like buckle in.
  It's so stressful.
  You got to deal with something.
  Can I bring up something?  And I guess we're on a Scott kick.
  Let's bring up something.
  Oh, I know it's going.
  You know where we're going here.
  Yeah.
  You did not know this before.
  I never made the connection.
  No.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  This was a place where a lot of bands played.
  Gager bands, the Rolling Stones played.
  Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs played there.
  The band that did Wooly Bully.
  We didn't be.
  That is the most.
  Knowing the other bands that are on the list and then you went to Sam the Shan.
  What?  The I've never even thought about the name of the Wooly Bully band.
  Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs, which I did a little researching because I  skipped past the doors and went straight to the Pharaohs.
  Who named something people have heard of like Artie Shaw, Benny Goodman.
  Well, that's a different that's for your part.
  That's for your part of this musical performance.
  Glenn Miller.
  We talk about Miller.
  But of course, the Beach Boys play there.
  And this is a theme park featured in a song by the Beach Boys.
  Yes, indeed.
  I'm so glad this topic came up because I certainly know the song.
  The song Salt Lake City.
  Of course I do.
  And I never thought about what the lyrics were.
  It was just like nonsense to me.
  But now, of course, now I understand Laguna's reference.
  There's a park near the city.
  Yeah, all the kids dig the lagoon now.
  It's filled with all kinds of girls and rides and we'll be flying there soon now.
  And then Brian takes over and sings and girl for girl,  they got the cutest of the Western states.
  Wow.
  Girl for girl.
  Girl for girl.
  He's running statistics.
  Yeah, he's figured it out.
  They got the sun in the summer and wintertime skiing is great.
  Do you disagree with anything the Beach Boys said?  Don't disagree.
  It's a girl for girl.
  Yeah, girl for girl.
  Well, Brenna is from Utah.
  So I figure that would make you agree.
  Yeah, but against all the California girls, it's the I think that is a tad insulting.
  It's on the same album as California girls that like this is like the guy with the girls  and all the lands in frontier land tomorrow.
  He's like he's touting California girls and several tracks later at the Utah is girl for girl.
  Although that's I don't know.
  That's Brian's opinion as opposed to Mike is singing says the California girls are the best.
  All right, that's true.
  Yeah.
  So lucky you in Utah, Brian Wilson thinks you're the cutest.
  I feel like Scott, you should know which Beach Boy thinks the girls are the state the girl  for cutest in.
  Each one has a different opinion that you would know from like Teen Beat interview or Tiger Beat  from like 1960.
  I don't know, but they're all I mean, it's got to be California for all of them.
  I'm trying to think of any of them even lived anywhere else.
  Where cuties are the best in the land.
  Dennis, that was Dennis.
  Missoula girls, you know, it's all based on politics.
  Like, you know, Mike's not into the Vermont girls.
  The more liberal you get, he loves the other Florida, wherever Mar-a-Lago is, whatever town.
  That's West Palm Beach has a kiss.
  It really knocks me out.
  Did they did it because we were watching some like old advertisements, but it's like it feels like  they could have the beach was could have given this to the lagoon to use because what a better theme  song.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, really.
  I know like a catchy song that touts lagoon.
  I like that the list is filled with all kinds of girls and rides.
  Girls come number one attraction.
  Take your girl on the terror ride.
  For if we wrote the song, it would have girls have been like 15th.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, list all the rides.
  They got drop ride.
  They got dark rides.
  They got Mormon furniture.
  Yes, museums.
  But it has the the the Beach Boys Utah connection goes deeper because if you can imagine  that if still as they're playing the weird casino circuits that they tour each year with,  they of course end up in Salt Lake City every year.
  They play that song probably only there because it's not like a staple Beach Boys song,  though I like it very much.
  I like the song, but not only that, one of these trips is where they were talking to a girl.
  They were talking to one of the cutest girls of the western states who is describing a scenario  where her her daddy took her T bird away and the song fun fun fun is based on there is a specific  person who has been tracked down and interviewed that is in Salt Lake City.
  So big connection there, but it's maintained up until now and in 2005,  this is one of the cruddiest rabbit holes I've ever been down.
  I'm about to describe the most groan worthy thing you ever heard.
  2005, they play a show at the Sandy Amphitheater and their opening act was very special because  it was a rock and roll band led by then Utah Governor John Huntsman.
  If people can remember this sort of like blander pre Trump era of Republican,  that was the GOP primaries like he was like a boring guy who ran and in I guess against Mitt Romney.
  But this band, this guy eventually was the also the Trump ambassador to Russia.
  Oh, what a what a job to tell me.
  But so it's not just him, but it's a rather this this guy had like a rock past and like before he  turned to politics, he played in some a band called Wizard in the 70s, not the famous Wizard,  the less famous Wizard, right? But the the rest of the band is the then mayor of Salt Lake City  on drums, John Huntsman, the third, the guy's son and the CEOs and founders of Utah's biggest  health and natural gas companies.
  Jesus.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, truly.
  It has never been more evil.
  The Justice Department has opened an investigation into this Utah rock band.
  I'm about to make it more evil because they could they did they did a cover by  maybe the second most evil band in the world.
  They the only thing I could find that they that was in their set, it was only four songs long.
  And they they did what was described as a potentially 15 minute cover of the Eagles tequila sunrise.
  Oh my God.
  Oh my God.
  A plodding endless Eagles cover by the governor, the mayor of the city and a guy from the CEO of  Merritt Medical, which was sued last year for like some doctor kickback scheme where they'd like  pay doctors on the slide and make them use their equipment.
  Yeah, truly pound for pound.
  Rock is the most evil a band of the western state.
  And I think I assume that John Huntsman is good friends with my love, right?  Yeah, probably.
  That's probably how it goes down.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  How does like a project, you know, it's like when like Russell Crowe's band or what, you know,  it's like, I feel like they just get a feed of grunt.
  Yes.
  Sorry, sir.
  Excuse me.
  But it's just like, I think Jason.
  Yeah.
  And I think, isn't it?  Isn't it?  Isn't it?  Oh, singular.
  Yeah.
  30 odd foot.
  Oh, 30.
  I don't know.
  Look at it.
  It's a brutal.
  It's a very bizarre name.
  But yeah, it's just, it feels like, you know, it's it's there was probably some broker like,  well, you'd be twice.
  We won't charge you for like the gas fees or taxes when you come through our city or  so, you know, some shady deal is happening.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Or maybe like it did.
  I don't know if Mike maybe got involved with like a like a Salt Lake City woman and like owed  alimony and maybe like he cut a sweetheart deal.
  OK, so if Huntsman performs, if I make you the opening act, then I don't have to pay  alimony to my fifth wife.
  Yeah, we'll throw her in jail.
  Where she remains.
  What did I do?  Just tell me.
  Oh, man.
  And you know, you can think about what you did for decades to come.
  Thanks so much, John.
  If I could, I do think while Mike Love is the most evil beach boy, I think Al Jardine is  considerably less evil and apparently the former owners of the park.
  What's the guy's name?  Peter Fried was the owner of Lagoon and for a long time, maybe still he sent Al Jardine  a package of mixed nuts every Christmas.
  There's trivia.
  Go whoever you're with.
  If you have like a loved one in the other room, a partner or a parent, go excitedly tell him,  guess what I just learned on this podcast.
  Lagoon owner Peter Fried would send Al Jardine for the beach was a package of mixed nuts  every Christmas.
  A perfect combination of words to get the response of I think we should see other people,  regardless of whether it's partner or parents.
  I think I should have other children.
  Go to your room forever.
  Isn't the internet great that that stuff?  Oh, my God.
  How could I ever have known about John Huntsman's, Governor John Huntsman's band?  You can also, if we're talking a little bit more about the rock and roll  history, Mike, you also skip past the who and Jimi Hendrix to go to the Wully Bully band.
  Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs.
  Wully Bully from the Chipmunks movie.
  TV and film.
  One of the high points of rock and roll for me is that 80s Chipmunks movie.
  The band that inspired, you got to think this band, there wouldn't have been a Chipmunks  without Sam the Sham.
  Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs, yeah.
  Did Question the Mysterios ever play there?  It feels like that could be a good.
  I know the Strawberry Alarm Clock played there.
  Monkeys played there.
  Everly Brothers played there.
  That's amazing.
  Yeah.
  Well, this also speaks to, again, I don't know who owns it now, but I think at the time,  genuinely, it was not like, it was a big deal that as with Oktoberfest today,  it was a big deal that this became a big rock and roll venue because in other parts of Utah,  there probably wouldn't have been like a sanctuary for rock music.
  Also at the time, because these owners were liberal for Utah, they allowed the races to mix  when other parts of Utah were not.
  This was a super liberal place in the 60s in that regard.
  So that's super cool.
  Well, yeah, and it is funny to think because obviously bands and stuff would come play  in California and stuff, but it's like if I'm trying to think of what are cities between  Chicago or other big Midwest places if you're going on tour.
  Salt Lake City probably was a huge hub.
  Oh, sure.
  It probably still is, really.
  Yeah, it probably serves a lot of the.
.
.
  Because I feel like big tours wouldn't necessarily stop in Idaho or Wyoming.
  Yeah, or New Mexico or something like that.
  Yeah, right, right.
  But.
.
.
  Way to Vegas, you know?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But also if you look at the list of who played there, back to our relevant interests,  the He-Man in the Power Tour played there.
  Yep, Ninja Turtles coming out of our shells played there.
  So that's.
.
.
  I didn't see that.
  That's huge.
  That's huge.
  But also one that I saw in 1988, and this is one where I might need a little bit of listener  help because it just lists with no other information Ghostbusters for two nights.
  Oh, wow.
  Was there in.
.
.
  And I couldn't find any other info about this, but are there any listeners who have  memory of seeing a Ghostbusters live tour?  Was there such a thing?  And if so, why don't we know more about it?  Why isn't there more information about it?  Did it involve rock music?  Did they play the Ray Parker Jr.
 song?  Were they a band in addition to being Ghostbusters?  Yeah, I'm sure you did a Google because I didn't see this.
  I couldn't find anything else about it.
  No grainy VHS footage on a big one of the backpack camera or shoulder cams?  With so much light streak, impossible to see.
  Akroyd and Jim Belushi in Ghostbusters suits doing blues songs.
  I think it's likely what it could have been.
  Yeah.
  Just the exact same Blues Brothers set list that they do with all the casinos.
  But just wearing the Proton Packs.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm a ghost man.
  That's the only change.
  So that's a high mark aside.
  If anyone remembers seeing the Ghostbusters live, I really want to know what that was.
  Because I'm sure that was if it happened, it was amazing.
  We know about that band, Huntsman's Rock Band, but we don't know if there was.
  Why is that so documented?  Like there's a new movie literally coming out in a week or whatever.
  Not with a tour though.
  Not with any rock music to support it.
  And they don't even have Fallout Boy this time around.
  Oh, man.
  Back to attractions.
  Is there anything that we've missed or anything that you did that you enjoyed there?  The sky ride was nice.
  It's a very weird like because it feels like sky ride or like they're basically just, you know,  you go over the park and then go one way and go back or whatever.
  And I've been on a few of those.
  The San Diego Zoo has a really nice one.
  Oh, yeah.
  The big difference with this one is that you're kind of like just in it.
  Like you are like you're not like touching any rides or anything,  but you are like basically sitting above all the buildings versus like you're not that up high.
  Yes.
  You're just seeing shit dropped on top of like the roofs.
  And your feet are dangling like the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So you could like put something in the gutter if you want it to the ring gutter.
  If you want to get rid of it.
  Stuff just like hats and just like, you know, souvenirs.
  Like things are just dropped because it's like, yeah, it was very, it's very relaxing  and it's cool because you get to just, you get to, it's almost like,  if I were, if like you guys were to go there, like I would almost recommend doing that first  because it almost kind of give you like a little bit of a lay of the land.
  But it is very, I'm so used to those kinds of things.
  Like, cause what was the one at Disneyland?  The Skyway.
  Yeah.
  Like that, that like gets you like nice and high.
  Like this, you are like at the height of the trees.
  Right.
  It's very low for what it is.
  I think it's only like 30 feet or something like that.
  Maybe at its shortest.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  So it is very like, okay, well, you know, we're like,  I got to dodge it like a tree branch.
  It's a little more thrilling than a normal sky ride.
  Like a sky ride.
  I got out, I got up here without even climbing a ladder.
  Yeah.
  I guess, yeah, that one, the, the gondola is now at Disney world.
  Have you done those or those weren't there when you were there?  No, no.
  When they go up to a certain level, I get scared.
  But when they're like about 30 feet, I think I'm like, oh, this is fine.
  Yeah.
  It seems like I'll be better.
  Ski lifts terrify me.
  Yeah.
  Because it's like being a pilot, being close to not like to fall.
  It's precarious.
  It feels precarious.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  And I have a thing with my legs dangling.
  Oh, I don't like that either.
  Yeah.
  It feels like you're prone to anything.
  It's something you get caught.
  Another bird could fly.
  Bird could grab your shoe.
  Carry you off.
  Yeah.
  Carry you away just by the one leg.
  Well, my question is, what are your guys' thoughts on Ferris with Ferris, Ferris wheel?  No, merry ground is lying flat.
  Yeah.
  Ferris wheels.
  I am so terrified of Ferris wheels for some reason.
  I still won't go on.
  Even when I was just a California adventure, I don't want to go on that Ferris wheel.
  We've been big on those on that one.
  The one at California adventure, I've never done the hanging, the crazy car one where it like  hits the side or whatever.
  But I remember talking about my anxiety lately and I did when Jason, Paul Scheer and I went  up in one of those, I had a little bit of an anxiety attack on the way up.
  We were kind of packed in like sardines though.
  It was the three of us on one bench and then a family of strangers.
  Oh my God.
  On the other.
  Yeah.
  And I remember just kind of like zoning out of my brain for a moment.
  So yeah, I do have a weird, it's like heights.
  I have a weird height.
  It comes in and out at different times and for different reasons.
  Yeah.
  It's like I've done the at the Sears Willis.
  They're changing the name again, I think.
  Right.
  In Chicago.
  Yeah.
  I've done the walk over the edge.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh really?  And it's crazy how your lizard brain is like, you're going to die.
  And so you're like, my legs like turned to mush when I did that.
  But it's like, oh, you're safe.
  But yeah, Ferris wheels.
  It's like, it's a weird combo because if you are sitting and you're in clothes,  like that should feel safe.
  But I wonder if it's like a clover field thing because it's always the last shot of that  movie is them in that thing when you see the monster come down.
  And I wonder if there's a little bit of that in there too.
  Like I'm about to be attacked, you know, like or the giant creature.
  I, for me, I think it's heights and slow like being slow.
  Yeah.
  It's fast.
  I don't care.
  But if it's we're, if we're high up and it's very slow and there's any little bit of like  feeling like you're exposed.
  Yeah.
  I think you hate like a hang like you're like, we're stopping the Ferris wheel for a little bit.
  Yeah.
  You'd rather just keep it.
  Keep it rolling.
  I wish Ferris wheel was fast as hell.
  Going nuts and I wouldn't worry about it.
  Sure.
  They're building a Ferris wheel in Dubai.
  That's like three times the size of the one in the UK or something insane.
  I think it's open.
  Oh, it is open.
  Oh, geez.
  Well, the thing, you know what the thing I do at the dumbest thing, one of the dumbest  things in Vegas they have that I do want to do because I've brought it up before is you  is they have the big Ferris wheel there and you can rent out one that has a bar in it.
  Whoa.
  And it goes up for like 45 minutes or an hour.
  So you got a big group of people in there with like a bartender.
  That's kind of funny.
  Bachelor party.
  Hey, I'm thinking about it.
  Oh, yeah.
  Congrats, by the way.
  Thank you.
  See, and that's great for me because all these things you're talking about are my ideal modes  of transit.
  If I could, I would ride them every day.
  A Ferris wheel?  You would ride the Ferris wheel to work?  I could take a Ferris wheel to an urban gondola system.
  I would probably be the happiest.
  I was like, I don't know where it is.
  You like step out of it onto a platform.
  Look, I didn't say it was realistic.
  I'm just saying.
  Peewees big adventure.
  I'm the total opposite.
  I love these things.
  Do into a gondola.
  Fire it into a cannon.
  What have you seen that you can now rent train cars?  Like.
  Don't tell him this.
  He'll lose all his money.
  Billy Jensen, true crime journalist, mentioned this because he wants to do this.
  It's like that idea of like you rent a train car with you and your friends,  and there's like bunks and they have like routes to like Vegas or Louisiana  or whatever in Orleans.
  And it's like you have your own private car, basically.
  Wow.
  You're like hitched to the back of like a thing.
  This is his dream.
  There is.
  I learned about one of the Fremont Street casinos.
  Used to be a train like the ground floor, like the train would.
  This was a train station.
  Whoa.
  You would take the train into this casino and like get off.
  And of course, that has not been the case in many decades, but it's like,  could you imagine?  So you're saying like a bachelor party, I could rent a train car.
  Yeah.
  Well, I don't know the high speed rail, the Los Angeles, Las Vegas high speed rail.
  I feel like was a big, big project talked about for a long time that never really happened.
  Oh, yeah.
  On the ground.
  No, but this train car, I'm saying, is dragged back behind a truck or something.
  Maybe you like your butt, you're like behind freight train cars.
  You're just hooked up to the back.
  And yeah, I think, I mean, I didn't really look into it that much, but I wonder if it's  similar to like that TWA thing where you can do dinner on the plane and all that.
  Like you're recreating the sixties Pan Am or whatever.
  Interesting.
  But you're actually moving on the train.
  Like, I mean, it seems like post or like between the pandemic and then this now,  whatever it's like, we're there's actually other kinds of cool,  like almost theme park like experiences like they're trying to make outside of the theme parks.
  Like I did the dinosaurs in the parking lot, Jurassic Quest.
  Jurassic Quest.
  Yeah, I did that.
  And that was super fun.
  Like that was a really good time.
  Yeah, we were.
  I mean, there's there's it comes in waves.
  The theme parkification of like I was eventually we'll do a little more on the restaurants,  but that was obviously in vogue in the nineties, especially to like make everything feel like it  was some crazy theme.
  Oh, yeah.
  Ray Forest Cafe.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We plan it and all that stuff and die.
  We'll do it.
  Dive.
  Steven Spielberg's die.
  Why do you sound so annoyed?  No, I'm not.
  I'm just saying I know I'm exasperated with us for doing to die.
  No, no, no.
  Long waited far too long.
  But I'm saying, yeah, like then I feel like, yeah, it is coming like stuff in malls.
  Obviously, the void is gone now, although rumors that maybe the void will sell or try to come back.
  I just heard that.
  But like, yeah, having a little guy is meta.
  Meta is where we're all going to be living.
  We're going to want to go.
  We're going to want to go to theme parks to take a break from meta because we're going to be in meta  for 22 hours a day.
  Going to be meeting all our robot friends and watching koi fish fly through the sky.
  The robot friends is good.
  This is the VR future that we use.
  Something like that.
  Mike loves meta.
  Finally.
  Oh, yeah.
  We're second life.
  Awesome.
  I'm into meta now is what I'll say on the podcast.
  We started doing it in person and it was fun.
  Like we're probably recording in person again and now Mike insists on doing it through meta.
  Yeah.
  Where he can see us as giant lizards and abstract wind creatures that I'm just Kirby like in my fear.
  That's why my space sounds nice.
  Yeah, that's fun.
  That reminds me of a former podcast guest, Van Robichow, who created a VR scenario where he could  write in VR on a beach.
  Like the Terminator surgeon performing surgery.
  He had created a thing where he put the helmet on and then he was on a beach at a computer.
  But he could just go to the beach with a computer.
  I'm just this.
  Parking is impossible.
  Parking is impossible.
  I rarely do it.
  It's another universe over there.
  Somebody who uses their Oculus only for pottery for the pottery game that they have.
  I kind of get it.
  Sure.
  But way less.
  But see, but that's way less messy.
  Like I'm not doing a real pottery setup.
  That's hundreds of dollars.
  Right.
  Oh, that's true.
  You're right.
  And the cleanup on that is insane.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  That makes all the sense.
  So we'll all be in meta.
  We'll all be doing our own work via computer VR laptops.
  Oh, look, Mike's starting an episode over in the space room.
  Birkin over there.
  I just got picked up to where.
  Yeah.
  But he's surrounded by all his robot friends.
  He's friends with 100 robots in meta.
  Yes.
  That would be awesome.
  If I'm like the king of meta and all the robots want to be my friends.
  You create your own.
  Isn't that like Ready Player One where it's like you create kind of your own like  life timeline thing where it's like reliving.
  Parcival from Ready Player One, right?  That's his name.
  I don't remember.
  But he has another name.
  We all know and love and remember.
  I saw.
  Mike, look, you've made so many robot friends in here and I, your robot father figure,  am so proud of you.
  I've never been more proud of you.
  Hey, man, thanks so much, but I don't think I can hang out with you as much.
  I have a lot of other friends now.
  So I don't need your I don't need your shit anymore, man.
  I don't need you to tell me I'm good.
  I know I'm good.
  But I you used to love when I thanked you for your bravery.
  Yeah, that was a few years ago.
  I'm cooler now.
  Are you sure?  Do you don't?  Do you want to like go toss the all spark around in Twilight Zone?  Twenty twenty two is the best episode.
  It's going to happen.
  Some version of it's going to happen.
  Let's talk the filming location.
  Great.
  I was kind of saying the same thing.
  We can't let the episode end without talking about the fine works of art that have been  filmed in Lagoon.
  I mean, call out any that you're excited about.
  There's one that's regrettably not on the Wikipedia.
  No, it is on the Wikipedia.
  I just there wasn't enough context for it, I think, to build up what this great film was.
  I mean, I like the first one.
  Mirror mirror your you and yourself image.
  A 1969 film by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and Brigham Young University.
  That's available on YouTube if you want to watch a creepy eight millimeter film where  a guy's mirror tries to empower him.
  A young white guy in Utah who really needs building up self-esteem in the 60s.
  Sure.
  Very tough.
  What did you respond to as a?  Well, I this really meant nothing to me, but Jane got very excited.
  And this this I think is one of our our gaps in our knowledge is that she grew up watching  the DECOM, the Disney Channel Original movie.
  So when I said, do you know what the Irish is?  DECOM is the term.
  Oh, really?  Use DECOM.
  DECOM.
  Yeah.
  Does she say it?  It's a DECOM, Jason.
  She has said it.
  Yeah, she I don't know if I heard it from her first or inside the Disney vault first  pocket.
  But yeah, the luck of the Irish film scenes there.
  Which is yeah, that movie is literally a kid turns into a leprechaun.
  Yeah.
  And plays basketball.
  I have seen this, but it's been a minute.
  He in the scene they film at Lagoon.
  He there's Irish step dancing happening as it does around most places that you live.
  And he can't help him.
  So he just like his legs take over.
  It's just like like turning into a werewolf.
  What is happening to me?  And he starts stepping and clogging.
  Oh, my God.
  And he's just up there.
  What was Lord of the Dance?  Wait, this movie feels late.
  It was like 2001.
  That was before that.
  Yeah.
  What are this mid 90s?  Well, we talked about this.
  Michael Flatley was inspired this bad Disney parade.
  He was in Riverdale.
  Yes.
  To begin with.
  And then he created Lord of the Dance after like the mid 90s.
  And then they got their they got off their asses and made a decom five years after all  this hit its peak.
  Right.
  Sure.
  Probably the most unpleasant thing.
  Various scenes for the movie Weeners starring Kenan Thompson, Jenny McCarthy and Darrell Hammond.
  Well, you say most unpleasant.
  That's the one I was the most excited about was Weeners.
  It is one of the most unpleasant posters I've ever seen.
  Oh, no way.
  You're the package of hot dogs.
  Yeah.
  And you don't like it.
  The movie is called Weeners.
  I mean, my favorite thing.
  Like, I don't know, man.
  Oh, you're like if they're going to make a movie about Weeners, they got to do it right.
  Show some respect to the Oscar Meyer packaging.
  Look, does it not change the equation that it went straight to DVD where it was referred  to as the 100% pure beef edition?  Oh, God.
  I miss those days of DVDs getting the jokey special edition titles.
  Totally not rated, totally blurfed up.
  And then it's like hashtag at sign exclamation point.
  I just realized the plot.
  There's only there's three, no, four or five paragraphs.
  The second paragraph starts on the way they encounter an elderly nymphomaniac couple,  Frank and Felicia Applebaum, Blake, Clark and Mindy Sterling, who have sexual intercourse  in front of them.
  That's the second plot paragraph.
  Slinky Dog.
  Slinky Dog number two, Blake Clark.
  Oh, yeah.
  He's a great cast.
  And the king of theme park media, Chris Pratt.
  This is an early Chris Pratt performance where he's on the show that Darryl Hammond hosts,  the Dr.
 Dwayne show, where he does not they don't have the money to give him a bald cap,  but he does do like, you need to get out of your toxic relationship.
  I think I know who Dr.
 Dwayne is supposed to be.
  I guess we're all watching Wieners.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah, I turn everybody around.
  He's got genuine movie stars.
  Wow.
  Wait, is this on, can we watch this on Disney Plus?  Like, is this or is this like a Peacock?  I think you have to buy the physical 100% pure beef edition.
  That's the only they were the creators are very specific.
  It's meant for DVD.
  We will we forego the theatrical run.
  Yeah.
  We refuse it.
  We're not taking one.
  You need to buy this at a Walmart.
  For like $29 purchase at a Walmart.
  All right, two of us are going to Walmart.
  Two of us are going to Amoeba Records.
  Yeah.
  Surely find one somewhere between the two.
  I will.
  I'm sure we can get you.
  I will one day get you like 50 copies of Wieners as a gift.
  They're in a warehouse somewhere.
  Yeah.
  This this loose stock, you know, it has to be.
  I will see.
  I'll look up the well, let me look up the resale now.
  100 times 50 equals like what?  That's like 5000% pure beef.
  You could never be so much pure beef in one place outside of hot dog factory.
  It would be impossible.
  An episode of Andy Mack, Pass Gasly Lampudan, of course, one of the stars that show that  shot at Lagoon, a lot of Disney series.
  Disney shoots in Utah a lot.
  The High School Musical show shoots there, too.
  If you make a tax break movie or show, then you're going to end up at Lagoon.
  Yeah.
  So that's what in my head.
  I got it mixed up when I went there.
  I thought they had shot High School Musical there at the theme park, but I guess they  just shoot in Utah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Yeah.
  I was like, oh, no, there's nothing here that looks not that I'm, you know,  not that I've like watched them religiously, but I did not.
  I did not recognize any, you know, it's easy to go to a place.
  You're like, oh, I want to see where they film the thing.
  Not that thing, but like even like the last time I was in Hawaii was like, oh, cool.
  This is where they shot this part of Jurassic Park.
  But it's like, you can't really tell.
  It's always kind of a let down a little bit, I find.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Those are just a little like amorphous.
  I got someone's on a boat tour and I got to see where the they said this is where the  helipad was, like where they arrived.
  Yeah, I did that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You can sort of tell, but you're also like, I don't know.
  They could tell me any of these are the one without the platform.
  You can't really.
  Yeah, I was like, like because Laura Lapkus was in a scene and I was like, were you there?  And I think she literally went to Hawaii just for that one.
  Heart.
  Wow.
  With with Miss Ronnie, with that character, with air friend con, like they literally,  she just flew to Hawaii just to shoot that helipad sequence because the rest of the stuff was in  Louisiana.
  Wow, that's crazy.
  Oh, that's so sweet.
  I can't find a wieners DVD on eBay.
  Oh, what?  This is this is really rare.
  Wieners is not available.
  It's not available.
  There's a listing for it on Walmart.
  But I can't find it.
  I feel like it did see ads for it.
  Oh, wait, wait.
  No, I found it on eBay.
  OK.
  OK.
  Nine thousand dollars.
  Quick, quick souvenir smack down.
  OK.
  How much without shipping?  I'll say this shipping would be 319.
  How much do you think wieners DVD is going for 2008 wieners 2008?  Hmm.
  Let's Stephen finish it so maybe he can take the do the over under.
  Yeah.
  I'll just I'll say like thirty five dollars.
  Three dollars.
  Jason.
  Eighteen dollars.
  Eighteen dollars.
  Stephen.
  I'm going to go 1099.
  Well, if it's price of right rules, everyone loses.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  A dollar thirty.
  If we had made these guesses before we talked about it, we would have said, I don't know.
  Right.
  42 cents.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Legend of wieners got too big.
  Buy wieners for a dollar.
  Wait, is it is it mint and packaged?  Do you know?  Let me see.
  Let me see what it says.
  That is less than the cost of a package of wieners.
  It just it.
  You only got.
  It just says condition is good.
  Oh.
  So it's not like there's no seal on it.
  Condition is good.
  Film is great.
  Oh, man.
  Well, I mean, incredible lineup of stuff, not to mention the show Werewolf,  which is apparently one of the first Fox shows when Fox was new.
  I never a werewolf.
  And why didn't werewolf go beyond season one?  We got to look into that.
  Yeah.
  Amazing stuff.
  That Dark Angel I need to rewatch.
  This is all right with the werewolf cast.
  We're revisiting every episode of Werewolf.
  Then no zero listeners.
  At a certain point that will happen.
  Here was something tangentially related.
  Nolan Bushnell.
  Oh, yeah.
  Worked at the Carnival Games while he was getting his electrical engineering degree  at the University of Utah.
  That's like his Walt Ice or Tony Baxter ice cream scooper thing.
  Like where his formative years were at Lagoon.
  Yeah.
  For like that.
  Like whenever you learn that somebody because isn't that the thing with the  studio tour at Universal that like a lot of people gave that tour and then would go on  to be famous or famous podcast?  Yeah, like maybe one of the top podcasters on this show.
  Certainly in the top three.
  The top three hosts of podcast thread.
  That is like a few.
  It's not that good of a Paul Feig's big one.
  Nice.
  And there's like an actor named Jack Wagner who people don't really he made a song called  All I Need that's like a soft rock classic.
  That's that.
  Nice.
  So if you like.
  Those three.
  Those are three.
  That's it.
  Jack Wagner Scott Garner.
  I mean, I think I mean, working at a theme park is like such a because your whatever job you have,  I think at least like with food, it's like you're working at like a restaurant or cafeteria,  but then you're also dealing with the added like in my head, it was always like,  well, everybody's been waiting in lines all day and now we're hungry and we just want to eat.
  So I feel like everyone's a little more tense like going to places.
  But I feel like at the sit down restaurants, it was probably more relaxing.
  I imagine that the blue bayou is probably like nice to actually sit down.
  But like because pizza port, it's another line you have to get into to get food.
  Yeah, so it's stressful in there.
  That's so that's those are that's points.
  Maybe the patio is OK with the pad.
  Like, did you feel that stress?  Yeah, I enjoyed being it felt like when you're cleaning outside, it was like you were like  independent.
  You were like, we're in your own thoughts like you were walking around sweeping.
  I'd watch the bands, you know, like, of course, you would see like the same thing every time.
  So I was like getting sick of it.
  But like I always I enjoyed that.
  And then I enjoyed making the salads more because you just got a big bowl and you just got to like,  you know, you had to make like a hundred pound salad or what and then disperse amongst people.
  The pizza was always the again, as I mentioned earlier, because it's like you just have to throw  away so much pizza.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What's it?  Do you know anything about what's going into that pizza?  Because I find the pizza a tad suspect.
  I always feel like to me, I think I mean, I'm not like a pizza expert or anything, but I feel like  it's basically not as good version of Costco pizza.
  That's my assessment.
  But I haven't had the I haven't had the pizza or pizza in like, yeah, 15 years.
  But at the time they said it was the most popular restaurant at Disneyland.
  Yeah, I don't know if that's changed at all.
  But yeah, it's a good question.
  I mean, I was just there a couple of days ago and there was a little big line.
  It's now Alien Pizza Port Pizza Planet.
  Excuse me.
  Pizza Planet.
  Excuse me.
  They've changed the name of it, but it is, I think, the same pizza.
  Yeah, probably.
  Increasingly more expensive.
  Yeah, it's $15 more per slice.
  But yeah, it seems like it's still very popular.
  So yeah.
  This is maybe this is a good thing to start hitting out on.
  There was let's talk about a lagoon snack, something that they this is apparently,  as opposed to Dippin' Dots, this is very rare in America, maybe very popular in Canada.
  But I believe is the first American location of something called Beaver Tales.
  Beaver Tales.
  Anyone had Beaver Tales or know about it before?  I know that it used to be served or briefly was served at the Canada Pavilion in Epcot.
  Oh, that makes sense.
  OK, OK.
  I have to picture this.
  Maybe I did.
  So it's the it is like kind of this wider.
  It's like a pizza crust, but, you know, like mixed with.
  I mean, Beaver Tales a great way.
  It's like that width and length.
  And then it's I mean, the stuff they top it with is fan tiers, one with a bunch of Reese's Pieces.
  There's an avalanche with cheesecake spread score bits.
  What score?  Jason Jason.
  Oh, are you kidding me?  Score.
  Decom score.
  Keep up, Scott.
  Score is I would say the main competitor to Heath Bar.
  Score is like a hard crispy toffee covered in chocolate.
  Mike ever heard of it?  Never.
  You never heard of it?  Or score score in Heath Bar.
  Oh, you're kidding me.
  You're turning to John McEnroe.
  Jason.
  Jason, I'm throwing this microphone.
  It sounds delicious.
  He would try to go get score bars on Mischief Night.
  But you know, I didn't I didn't have Beaver Tales, but it reminds me the other kind of like Salt Lake  staple kind of thing that I tried was like Navajo like fried bread.
  And it's like a big thing out there where it's like thick.
  It's like kind of the same thing with the Beaver Tales, where it's kind of like a thicker pastry.
  I don't think it's it might be fried or baked or something like that.
  But there's a lot of like fast food, like specific to Salt Lake, where they had that as like,  get your thing in like a Nava like a taco or whatever in Navajo fry bread.
  I like that.
  It sounds really good because it's like it's basically a gordita, you know, basically.
  Yeah.
  Like the origin of that is like thicker bread on the sides or like a burger or whatever.
  Yeah, that sounds good.
  Do you remember was it like any of the drinks?  Were they special in any way?  I mean, I think for that it was truly the Oktoberfest thing that we kind of  focused on.
  And then yeah, because I kind of it's funny.
  I usually take lots of pictures, but when I was like looking for my pictures,  I wasn't finding as many like pictures of food or anything.
  And I feel like I think we I think we just snacked.
  You were living your life.
  I think we did do some Dippin Dots.
  Yeah, you were just living in the moment.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I was really focused on the Pioneer Village.
  Yeah.
  And the furniture.
  Yes, I was looking up souvenir stuff because it's part I haven't been to.
  I usually look up like, oh, yeah, are there notable foods or they're notable souvenirs?  And one of the like tour videos I watched on YouTube of like people going to the park,  they pointed out that there's not a ton of souvenir shops.
  No, it's truly I mean, there's there is like another like big memory towards the end of  the day was that they had a I think they were not rampage, but it's the other primal rage.
  They had a primal rage video game there.
  So I had to stop and play that for a little bit.
  It was the dinosaur fighting game that they actually used claymation  to animate the dinosaurs fighting.
  And there was also the apes where they could take a piss like as like a taunt.
  Yes.
  And they were.
  Yeah.
  It was a really successful game.
  But then I think Midway bought the company and they were like,  this is way too expensive to literally do stop motion animation fighting.
  So they like halfway finished the second game and then never put it out.
  That was all like the clay fighters is like that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There was like a thing everyone was doing.
  And I guess like Mortal Kombat was like real life people.
  Yeah.
  For a while.
  But that was like cheaper than like having somebody like  I just have like flashbacks of like Nightmare Before Christmas,  like making a videos of like, you know, just slowly moving.
  It's like, yeah, we need this arcade game.
  We come on six months.
  We don't have time for this.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  But you hadn't seen one in a long time and they had it there.
  Yeah.
  I hadn't seen.
  Yeah.
  I just have such specific memories of a kid of like that because I don't.
  It did come out for Sega Genesis, I think, and Super Nintendo, but I don't.
  I never owned it.
  So to me, that's like an arcade game memory.
  Oh, yeah.
  If I when I was a kid, if I ever saw one of the is it Neo Geo,  the cabinets that had like four games and you selected the game,  I would always play it because it was always games you might never see again.
  Yeah.
  Like you could configure what was in those cabinets.
  So like, yeah.
  I was fighting game obsessed as a child.
  Oh, sure.
  Two or one on one or whatever.
  Just killer instincts.
  Time splitters was another one that was.
  Yeah.
  Splitters.
  I didn't play that one that much.
  That was where you could saw off limbs.
  And somebody could bounce around on like one leg and fight each other.
  I do remember that, but I didn't play it enough.
  Final Fight?  Is Final Fight one on one or is it a scry scroller?  It might have been a side scroller.
  Because I like those two, but like the Renit, the fighting game,  probably this is offensive to real video game people,  like the Renaissance of the like 90s violent.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Fighting games.
  There's a couple other.
  Oh, a Turtles Tournament Fighters, my favorite game of all time, maybe.
  The Ninja Turtles one on one with their, you know, villains and heroes.
  Mine's probably I freak out if I ever see Weeners, the video game.
  Yeah.
  Oh my God.
  Now, now the pure beef is in your hands.
  I mean that I lose my because the joysticks are big.
  Weeners.
  Weeners.
  Yeah.
  They feel so realistic.
  Now they're remaking that so you can get that at home, that console at home.
  Oh, like a little mini version.
  Kind of like a retro.
  The retro Weeners.
  The Weeners look exactly like they did in 2008.
  Really tick shot.
  Yeah.
  You got to play like Super Smash Brothers with that though.
  Oh yeah.
  Works for other games.
  Yeah.
  It's nice they made it to.
  Actually, Jason, I was going to say I did get a magnet from Lagoon because I do.
  Good.
  I do like for a while my thing was like coffee cups and then that guy.
  So many got the coffee mugs.
  Yeah.
  Out of control.
  So I started getting magnets for places in the last few years.
  And so Lagoon it is basically it's the Ferris wheel.
  It looks like it's like a drop thing, but I don't remember seeing that.
  And there's almost like the top of like a carnivory tent and a flag and Lagoon in that kind of rainbowy color.
  And it says Lagoon, the fun spot of Utah.
  Yes, they have some good slow.
  All right.
  Yeah, great.
  Yeah, it is.
  It's fun.
  They're not lying.
  One of their other slogans is just it's what fun is.
  Yes.
  It's what funny.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  All right.
  It's minimal means something to me.
  I mean, doesn't seem like you disagree with any of this.
  No, it's like you'll be back.
  I would dig it.
  I think we definitely I haven't been back to Salt Lake in a bit, but I feel like if I the next time I go, I definitely would go again because it's reasonable price and it's like a fun day.
  And it's not like because my experience going to Orlando recently was my first time back since I was.
  A kid and I was like, how could you even do any even a single park is way bigger than anything here.
  I feel like I couldn't do any of those parks in one day.
  Yeah, if I wanted to be thorough, you know, sure, sure, sure.
  Lagoon is like very much like again, I didn't hit everything, but then that's kind of nice because if I go back, then I could give myself a whole different experience.
  Well, yeah, when you go back, you have to see this painting.
  This is at the loading of terror ride.
  This painting is awesome.
  It's got a dragon and a caveman and a wrapped up skeleton and a squid and a snake.
  I don't know.
  Well, and there's a little like there's a vulture at the beginning of that ride that makes a joke about like calling.
  I need to they told me to stop calling small children appetizers.
  Yes, the vulture gives the safety spiel to click clack with a terrific.
  Yeah.
  And then at the end of the ride, there's a there's a big like suddenly you get hit by lights and there's a big honk like a train, a train or a truck is about to hit you.
  And it's so loud that you can hear it from outside the building, like constantly.
  Like the video that I saw is just I was like, why is there what do you keep hearing?  That's not the best at soundproofing, but it seems like they're among the best at fun.
  There might be some bleed.
  I'm just like thinking the mummy ride where it's like you in the break room, you just say your soul is mine.
  Like every five minutes like, yeah, you get old as you like, just like so what are you doing this weekend?  I'm going to see a movie.
  It's a free parking of the theater.
  I'm like, oh, is mine.
  It's just like becomes like white noise.
  Like people probably use it to go to sleep at that point.
  Well, they're so used to it and it's calming at that.
  What's funny that you say that because it didn't occur to me until going back to California Adventure is like, oh, I grew up with just fireworks every night at nine o'clock.
  Oh, yeah.
  And I totally forgot about that.
  Like, again, I lived like 15 minutes away, like so I couldn't see them, but we would hear them every night, like nine at nine o'clock, I believe.
  Right.
  Is when the way that's just like a basic of your day.
  I'm like, yeah.
  So like moving to L.
A.
 where it was like with animals being like scared of fireworks, I was like, I feel like I mean, they were all of our pets growing were just fucked up.
  Like, you know what I mean?  Like having fireworks every night.
  Yeah.
  Pts like constant Pts.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because L.
A.
 was like then now it was like, oh, like fireworks are I mean, they in L.
A.
  It is very terrifying.
  Like when fireworks go off right next to you, like wherever you're standing.
  But yeah, I grew up like grew up just with that as just part of the background.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I guess if it's if it's on a schedule, it's OK.
  Like I guess the first time I went to New York and stayed in a hotel, I was like, that noise never stops.
  That city noise doesn't stop.
  It's like this city doesn't sleep.
  Yeah.
  Is what I thought.
  But it's like, yeah, anything that's like just kind of as long as it comes on time or it's just constant, your brain just goes, whatever.
  Yeah.
  Processes it in the background.
  That's what it's like in Salt Lake City with John Huntsman's band.
  He's always jamming.
  He's jamming loud enough in the governor's mansion for the whole city to hear.
  Has Huntsman ever jammed with Huckabee?  Oh, boy.
  Well, the whole the whole city with light on fire like Lagoon did in the 50s.
  Because they'd they'd burn everything around them to the ground.
  Heat of their jam.
  Does Huntsman play guitar?  I'm not sure.
  It might be keyboards.
  Oh, interesting.
  OK, so they could have just rocks.
  He just holds the mic and just he considers himself an Anthony Kiedis of Republican.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's what I didn't say.
  The whole band was nude.
  Oh, yeah.
  Was wearing only socks.
  Yeah.
  Again, Salt Lake City is liberal compared to the rest of this has been so far.
  Thank you for bringing us to this place that we never would have known about.
  Filled with stuff that we love.
  Steven Ray Morris, you survived podcast The Ride.
  Thanks so much for being here.
  Thank you.
  It's been such an honor to join the podcast.
  I have to shout to my friend Carly.
  She's such a big fan of you guys.
  And yeah, and no, it's just this has been so much fun.
  Again, it was one of those things where I was like, like I going to theme parks and having it be part  of my life, I never realized that like there there's like a whole world of it.
  So that's been very exciting.
  Oh, and like people have lots of fan.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's great.
  Oh, it could be the conduit for that.
  And, you know, help you avoid the like Facebook groups that were started 15 years ago about it.
  You don't even want to you don't want to go anywhere near before closed.
  I think the moment that it hit for me, too, is like the idea that there is now an opinion  about how long the night before Christmas stuff is on Haunted Mansion.
  I was like, oh, I guess that's been around long enough that people don't like that.
  And like it's like the idea that there's a whole subcultures within it because you were probably  like, it'd be weird to have an opinion about it at all.
  Yeah.
  On multiple.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it's been exciting going down that rabbit hole a little bit.
  Well, thank you for like for tweeting and supporting the show and sharing your memories and stuff.
  It's like fun to interact with you in the last couple months.
  Glad to meet you in person.
  Let's exit to the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to pull?  Yeah.
  Just at Stephen Morris on social media and then, yeah, the per cast and see Jurassic  Wright.
  I was lucky enough to also go to the Jurassic World ride premiere back when it first opened  in 2019.
  We were there.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And I it was it was such a it was like, oh, well, movies come out all the time and that's  cool.
  But how often do new rides open?  And so to me, that was like one of the coolest experiences ever.
  And I was like, yeah, that was it.
  And with fireworks.
  Yeah.
  Star of Weiner's.
  Herofra fireworks.
  Speaking of those fireworks.
  Yeah.
  Reasy.
  I was not prepared for that.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That was a little jump scares.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Want.
  But yeah, yeah.
  Check out see Jurassic.
  Right.
  I we have we do a lot.
  I spent a lot of time in Universal.
  So it comes up a lot.
  Have you now have you watched the new ride?  The the the China from Bay.
  Yeah.
  The one in Beijing.
  I've seen some of it.
  OK, but you're going to go in.
  I don't say anything.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm hoping.
  Yeah.
  What they're doing there and in Japan is so cool.
  And I definitely want to go someday.
  Looks crazy.
  Yeah.
  As for us, you can find us on all the socials at podcast.
  The ride is merch available in our tea public store.
  And for three bonus episodes every month, check out podcast.
  The ride the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The ride.
  Unless anyone else has anything I might say, hey, boys, take us out.
  We come.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
