 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast references interstellar food trucks, minor characters  getting in personal arguments, a special hallway for necking, and massive shoulder strain.
  Bobby Moynihan gets in the cockpit with us to talk Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run on  today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast about theme parks that we're thinking about renaming  crazy for coaxium.
  I'm Scott Gardiner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I'm here.
  We all have a love affair with the, it's not, it's just edging out of unobtainium as far  as like fake elements in a movie.
  So we love coaxium on this show.
  That is a fact.
  The strongest most desired fake elements, the fake element Final Four, if we were ever  to do that.
  We should do, we should figure out which fake elements are the best.
  This would be the two, we'll have to determine if there's more.
  Jason Sheridan, feelings about coaxium.
  You know what?  I think now, now that they're stacked together, I think I just like, I have to agree.
  Yeah.
  I love the E.
M.
  McGuffins in the movie, like the driving force McGuffins.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We love our, we love our E.
M.
s.
  There's so much to talk about.
  Even besides the E.
M.
s with today's attraction, Millennium Falcon, Falkers, Millennium Falcon  Smuggler's Run.
  I was too excited to get to the smuggler part.
  We've never done a deep dive into this and we're so excited to talk about it and we have  a great guest to do it with.
  Oh my God.
  We're so happy to be joined by, from Saturday Night Live from Mr.
 Mayor and from Celebrity  Sighting with Jonathan Biting, the new podcast available on Stitcher Premium.
  It's Bobby Moynihan.
  Hi.
  Hi, how are you?  Thanks for having me.
  Absolutely.
  Thanks for being here.
  Oh nice, a nice little perrier.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Uh huh, uh huh.
  Gotta stay refreshed.
  Sponsored, sponsored.
  This is a podcast for fancy boys.
  Regular water.
  That's why I'm here.
  It's the coaxium of water, I believe.
  It truly is, it truly is.
  We're so excited to talk about this ride and with you, Bobby, especially because I was  thinking about how the whole thing with Galaxy's Edge when it opened is a chance for you to  get up close and personal and live your Star Wars story.
  That seemed to be like copy, they were saying a lot.
  I feel like you have lived your Star Wars story more than most people.
  You've gotten so involved in terms of voice and characters and meeting people.
  I guess, are there things that are particularly high on your list of highlights of your Star  Wars story?  I mean, it's funny you said that and my head starts spinning.
  It's bonkers.
  Yeah, I feel like the luckiest boy in the world.
  I was just a fan and then that led to so many absolutely insane and amazing moments.
  Getting to meet Carrie Fisher easily, the best one backstage at Comic Con.
  JJ Abrams was super nice.
  He had done something for SNL and invited me to Comic Con.
  And it was when Force Awakens happened.
  So I got to be there for that panel where they brought all the storm troopers out and  had everybody walk to the band show two blocks away at the end.
  Oh, that one.
  Right, right.
  With a secret John Williams.
  John Williams played the score.
  So yeah, I was there for that.
  That was a tremendously special evening.
  Just getting to talk to Carrie and having that for the rest of my life will be the greatest.
  Matt, the radar technician.
  Yeah, so many crazy Star Wars things.
  I just saw a picture of like 100 people dressed as Matt at some sort of Comic Con all giving  thumbs up on an escalator.
  And I was just like, yeah, that's so dope.
  That's the coolest.
  You invented a costume.
  Yeah, that's the craziest thing.
  You would have been a person dressing as Star Wars characters and now you made one up essentially.
  Yeah, I would have been a person hanging out with the people who tried.
  I don't know if I would have dressed.
  I haven't gotten there yet.
  I've only dressed up as Star Wars characters for like television.
  But I made an assumption, I guess, based on your work.
  Yeah, not that I think that that's a bad thing at all.
  I love it.
  I just worry that people think my nerd credits are thicker and heavier than they are.
  You can't point to the con.
  I know there's people who know more.
  That's why I try to respect them.
  And you haven't done full Darth Maul face paint.
  You couldn't lead a tutorial on how to be Darth Maul.
  I want to, but I have not.
  No, I would.
  I would.
  I told you.
  Within that, I mean, like it's crazy to talk to you about Galaxy's Edge stuff because you're  you have a Galaxy's Edge character as well.
  That's about as deep as you can go into this new Disney theme park Star Wars crossover.
  You have a guy.
  Yeah, I was.
  Yeah, recently, I think it comes out this month, I shot something for Disney Plus, like  talking about the making of this game.
  It's called Tales of Galaxy's Edge for Oculus Quest.
  And I play Cecil Slack, the Cantina bartender.
  And we were shooting there late at night, super late at night.
  The park is closed and I'm in Galaxy's Edge standing next to the thing.
  And they're like, that's where you're and they point and they're like, that's where  your Cantina is.
  And I was just like, what?  What?  What are you talking about?  Like I hear that they're going to start sprinkling in sprinkling in things at the at the park  about the game and stuff.
  And I just go like, yeah, to be part of that universe is insane.
  The crazier, the crazier one, because I didn't know about it whatsoever.
  That happened recently was just as a fan.
  I got one of those like Star Wars A to Z, like all the characters, like, you know, kind  of character dictionary or whatever you would call it, a encyclopedia of all the characters  from Star Wars.
  And I was like, I wonder if one of my Star Wars characters is in there.
  And it was the one from Clone Wars.
  It was all about Clone Wars.
  And I looked it up and the species of that character was Moin, M-O-Y-N, like the first  couple of letters of my last name.
  Like that was the character now.
  And then I looked up like a different character and it said like, oh, the species is Moin.
  I was like, dude, they named a species?  Like what?  Like it just keeps getting more bonkers.
  As a fan, you just go like, it's the coolest.
  But that's what it's about is inclusion.
  And like, I like this nerdy thing and the minutia of it and to be involved in that.
  And it's the dumbest thing in the world.
  But like the beginning part of my last name is printed in a Star Wars book that some nerd  will read someday.
  That's pretty sweet.
  It's not lost on me.
  I it's awesome.
  Yeah, that's amazing.
  What are the basics of a Moin?  Like if you were to see a Moin in the wild?  It looks like a butthole with eyes.
  Beautiful.
  It was one of Ralph McQuarrie's like original concepts for a creature that didn't get used.
  It kind of looks like binoculars, like almost like a fur face.
  It was an alien design.
  I'm now kind of like Maz Kanata with the like she had like the sunken eyes.
  Sort of.
  Maybe I'm not.
  She's not a Moin.
  No, no, no.
  Yeah.
  She predated Moins.
  She predates Moins.
  Yeah.
  Oh, gosh.
  Now I'm holding up your podcast as I look for a picture of it.
  That's OK.
  I don't know.
  This is where you look.
  We're always looking up stuff.
  It will take seconds.
  How are you otherwise?  Oh, good.
  We're good.
  Got it.
  Found it.
  Let me see.
  Wait here.
  Say something so the camera cuts to you.
  Oh, hello.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  Pintu Son El.
  Is that the one you voice or a different Moin?  That's the one I voice.
  OK.
  Clone Wars.
  Oh, so it's not I'm saying it's the opposite of a Maz Kanata.
  I was mischaracterized because the eyes extrude.
  Yeah.
  Those are the original Ralph McCrory concepts that they based it on.
  Geez.
  Yeah, that's very cool.
  One that you own.
  They put your name in a like original.
  This is like as authentic.
  This goes, I guess, I guess Moins do predate Maz Kanata is what I figured out.
  I'm all over the place.
  It's weird to hear like that, like, like as a Star Wars fan now to hear it like news,  like I just go like, that's so stupid.
  So weird.
  So crazy.
  Is there a chance like, you know, William Shatner started writing his own Star Trek  novels that you could just write novel after novel about Moins?  Yes, I will.
  And I have.
  I have something coming out soon, like sort of like in the Star Wars, the nerdy universe  that I'm super excited about where I go.
  Like I finally got to create like the thing that I love, which is just those small, weird  universes filled with lots of dumb characters.
  But yeah, I love that.
  I love that kind of stuff.
  Yeah, you're like, I mean, you're like involved in like so many like I'm jealous, like you're  in DuckTales.
  You're like it's so many different things that we loved as kids.
  You've gotten to be a part of it.
  It's funny.
  Yeah, I feel like I just got to be a fan.
  I've gotten lucky as far as being a fan of a lot of things and getting to be getting  to be involved in a lot of those fandoms.
  Can I ask, have you gotten like the secret Imagineering tour that you're not allowed  to talk about?  I mean, if there's one that I'm not allowed to talk about, no, but I've gotten like a  pretty cool like I've definitely gotten to see a lot of cool stuff at Disney as far as  like I got to go to Walt like that Walt's apartment once, which is pretty special, like  seeing that whole thing and just realizing like you're in this place that he'd been like,  it's just crazy how pristine it is and how well kept it is and all that stuff.
  I've tried to get in to see the basketball hoop at the Matterhorn.
  I have not been successful yet.
  Yeah, trying to think of like other cool Club 33.
  I've been to a bunch of that's like that's super fun.
  And yeah, like a couple of weird places.
  For me, it's more like when we got to do the DuckTales parade and like I got to go like  literally behind the scenes and just go walk around back there and see see them like at  that time building stuff and it was just nuts.
  Then recently doing that shoot at night, like seeing Disney when it's closed and walking  around when it's closed and being there for the moment at sunrise when they turn the speakers  on and all the ambient sounds.
  So all of a sudden it's silent and then five seconds later there's birds, people laughing  and like X-Wings flying by.
  It was like hearing the ambiance sound kick in and realizing like, oh my gosh, like I  had no idea that like they're pumping in the sound of fun.
  I don't think I realized that like people like there's there's like walla essentially  people laughing like, you know, it's like there's a little bit of like tone to it a  little.
  Yeah, that's crazy.
  Yeah, that's a ball court.
  I think that basketball court is really off limits from what I understand.
  Yeah, yeah, I keep trying.
  I've come close, but somehow.
  Yeah, if you take it like a salt like put it on the Internet, please.
  You got it.
  I will tear it.
  I will tear it down.
  Yes, this was for podcast.
  The ride.
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
 Yes, I will show you our signatures.
  The parade is pretty amazing to feel like Disney royalty getting the circus like, were  you in what was the parade?  We were on a double decker bus, the whole cast of DuckTales and Goofy.
  It was and it was nuts.
  Donald and Scrooge were on another one.
  It was crazy.
 It was really, really fun and wonderful.
  Why was Goofy on yours and not Scrooge?  Scrooge was sort of leading the parade down walking.
  And then I don't know why Donald wasn't on ours or I don't know.
  But I was fine with Goofy.
 He was great.
  You didn't put up a big fight about it.
  I I did not make eye contact with Goofy.
  OK, I would not look at him, share space with.
  No, he was he was actually wonderful.
  You do hear those stories about him like don't hand him a diet coke without a napkin  wrapped around.
 It's not what he has hands with.
  He only has a finger.
  Yeah, I mean, it's a good point.
  Concerned giant, giant gloves, too.
  Yeah, you'd want to take those off before consuming.
  Well, yeah, that's all I mean.
  I mean, yeah, what a like stacked line of stuff, let alone like now this is this.
  You mentioned something I had a question about with the virtual reality experience  that like because I think I looked up a little bit of stuff and I saw the view  from your from your canteen, a Seasal Slacks canteen,  which does overlook the Millennium Falcon.
  So it's like part of the complex of the ride that we're talking about.
  But then like where that's what I can't picture is like, are there buildings over there?  And it's like up high.
  Well, that's the thing is like he hits a ship.
  His bar is a ship, so it moves and like that it land.
  Yeah, it lands on top of like the like right behind the other canteen.
  If you stand at the Millennium Falcon,  it's like where the like just to the right of the blast doors  is where it should be, like if it was really there.
  But it's just it's just.
  I don't think it'll ever be there, but like I wish someday.
  Like in a place you can't see from that vantage point, like behind some like  like something jutting out of the building from where those windows are,  it would be right there.
  Wow, which that's a whole OK.
  So there's Ogas Cantina, which is a physical place in the park.
  And then there's Cecil Slacks Cantina, which I'm sorry,  floated down and landed essentially on top of the existing.
  The way it was explained to me is it's like a it's like a food truck.
  Oh, OK.
 Sure, sure, sure.
  Wow.
 Or one of those pedal bars in like Nashville or like.
  There's just more pedal bars in Star Wars.
  If they make me a costume, I will pedal bar every day.
  Every day when I'm not working, I will go there and pedal around for free.
  All right.
 You put it out there.
  I did.
 I will.
 I'll do it.
  I'm just happy Johnny did style.
  They won't be able to get me to stop.
  He's going to go at some point, too.
  I look, I'm just happy that Ogas not getting undercut.
  That was kind of my concern, like as if I was a business owner  and a similar, almost identically named business landed on top of my business.
  And landed on top is a rude move.
  It was a rude move.
  Well, so anyway, and I guess in one connection point between that,  the Oculus experience, it's made by the same company.
  They're the same wing of ILM that does the graphics for Smuggler's Run,  which is like this unprecedented,  like they've never had to do anything at this level before the level of,  you know, Insta response time on such a massive scale.
  It's a hell of a it's a hell of a wing.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah, job ILMX lab.
  But so but so this this attraction.
  Yeah, you want to talk about Smuggler's Run.
  I mean, well, first of all, you like you got to do it pretty  early on in its existence.
  Correctly, you were a guy pretty quick or even before it opened.
  Yeah, I got to go.
  I got to go two or three weeks before it opened and like walk around.
  And it was insane because like I remember going like, there's no way  this is going to be done in three weeks.
  Being like.
  How a lot like like how how are you opening the doors  to this place in three weeks, like kind of feeling that way a little bit,  just because there was so much that they had to do.
  And but I yeah, it was like, I think maybe one of the first people,  I mean, like in the couple days, like that got to ride it before it opened.
  I did it with Donald Faison.
  We went for resistance.
  They actually like they brought us there to shoot like they wanted to shoot  us coming around the corner and seeing the Millennium Falcon for the first time  and then doing the ride.
  And they literally just never pressed record.
  So we had to do it again.
  Like we came around the corner, we freaked out, and they just act  like that dumb thing that never, ever happens as they weren't recording  or they just didn't get the shot of us.
  So we had to do it again.
  And like, I don't think it was very real the second time.
  So they ended up not using it.
  But but we got to do the ride and it was like it was amazing.
  And now I've been on it 50 times and to go back there again afterwards  and to see the place like finished so quickly, like it was like what they did  was insane and now having gone back a couple of times.
  Since then, it just keeps getting it just keeps like  they just keep adding to it and making it better and making certain pieces  different and it's a real fun, beautiful place to walk around.
  But that ride itself is my I just took my four year old daughter on it  and she was not a fan.
  Oh, interesting.
  Well, how did how did this play out?  Well, I wouldn't say that.
  I wouldn't say she was not a fan.
  I would I would say she much like it was over and she was like, cool, we did it.
  Like, OK, not like mind blown forever change.
  I think she was a little bit like that was insane.
  I think I was in a real spaceship.
  And if that was true, it rocked way too much like for her.
  But it was like too much information almost.
  Yeah, I think it's also like  I forget that there's an age where you're like, so wait a minute.
  I just went into space.
  Yeah, like it was very real.
  Like that's a very real thing.
  Right.
 Oh, yeah.
  How are like what are the lines in general?  Like like meeting characters?  Is that like I met the character like like how long?  Oh, yeah.
  For yeah, fully Chewbacca.
  Chewbacca is a man.
  Nice man.
 Yeah.
  Sure.
 Yeah, there's no like.
  Yeah, no, she she if she believes that she just wants it to be real, too.
  She's very fun and imaginative.
  I think if I told her there was somebody inside Chewbacca, she'd be like.
  I know, I know, I know.
  Just let's pretend.
  That's a better place to be.
  Like, why did we I don't want to write.
  I wish I bought it all when I went in.
  Can I reset my memory and just like believe that it's Mickey Mouse again?  That's where I live.
  That's the space I inhabit is that close as you.
  Let's just all pretend it's real.
  Yeah, for the rest of the we're not going to talk about imagineers and all that.
  It's just pretend we never heard that word.
  That was that's I would do that.
  If if if I didn't know any better and I was a kid, I would tell.
  I could go back in time.
  I'd go, maybe go imagine here this time.
  You got another chance around.
  That might be fun.
 Sure.
 Oh, true.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  We believe in this podcast.
  It's not too late for us to do it.
  Oh, dear.
 I realize that.
  Like that.
 That's another thing like that.
  Star Wars did.
 Holy crap.
  Like I went to  the opening day of Galaxy's Edge, and I just happened to be there  the same day as Jet Lucas,  George Lucas's son, who I had met recently at.
  At I had met briefly at Star Wars Celebration.
  And he came up to me and he was like,  you played my dad on SNL and I was like, oh, no, like he's going to be angry.
  But he was actually really cool and really nice about it.
  But I ended up spending the day with Jet Lucas and like the guys he was with  at Disney and this older guy with a mustache and like another friend.
  And they were we were hanging out all day.
  We did the rides.
 We did Smuggler's Run and we did it twice.
  And then like I started driving and I was having way too much fun.
  And the guy, the older guy with the mustache got a little like,  hey, man, like, I don't think we should take this more seriously.
  He was very concerned about my my  that I wasn't taking the ride as seriously as I should have.
  Can I say I have a guess who this is?  But I think we all have a guess who you're talking about.
  But keep going.
  And I was like, wow, OK.
  But he was very nice.
  We had fun all day.
  I asked him a bunch of questions.
  No idea that this man was who he was.
  And then we finally, towards the end of the day, went on the Indiana Jones ride.
  And he was talking about pointless stuff.
  And he's like, and when I built this and I was just like,  what do you mean you built this?  And he was it was Tony Baxter,  the guy.
 And I was just like, what?  And like that, I thought about the all the other questions  I could have been asking all day.
  I love that he wanted to take this ride seriously.
  Yeah, yeah.
 What does that mean?  He was like, can you not be the pilot?  Ben was a much better.
  I was with Ben Schwartz, too.
  And he's like, Ben is a much better pilot.
  Let's let Ben drive.
  We're trying to get we're trying to get two coaxiums here.
  We got to the first time we only got he was very angry  with how many coaxiums I got as a pilot.
  I love that.
  But I do, too.
  I'm trying to be funny.
  It was it was he was wonderful.
  He was of course, a whole accidental day with with Tony Baxter.
  I think that we would like pay, you know, too much like like twenty  thousand dollars at an auction for same same.
  It's like I said earlier, it's not lost on me.
  I I I realize how insane that was.
  I've been lucky enough to have a lot of insane days like that.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, that's bonkers.
  I'm still just trying to get over that George Lucas named his son Jet.
  That's like a cool name.
  Yeah, it's pretty dope.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And famous Jackson and him.
  And it goes, those are the only jets out there.
  One's fictional.
 Yeah.
  Well, that yeah, that's amazing.
  What a day.
  So so all right.
  So you've done this.
  You've done this right a bunch.
  Do you feel like you have gained any wisdom on how to?  I mean, it seems like opening day, you were already like you maybe knew  the difference between one and two coaxiums.
  Like, do you have you gotten any better at this attraction?  Yes.
 Wow.
  The first time I tried it, we only got to I think we only got to do it once or twice.
  And.
  No one kind of like it was a very weird experience, because it wasn't like  you you're going to Disneyland and somebody's walking you through the whole  thing and you get the whole experience and you're waiting and you get excited  and then you get on the ride and somebody tells you what to do.
  It was very much like wait in this all purpose room.
  And then they just brought me into the thing and they were like,  all right, we're going to start shooting.
  And like no one explained how to do it.
  So it just turned on and we were like, what?  And like we just crashed the whole time  the first time that they did it and laughed.
  And then the second time we kind of did it.
  But now weirdly like.
  It's crazy to say, but like I've gotten to do it alone a bunch,  like like a couple of times where like it was just me  literally holding both controls of the pilot thing.
  And just flying that, like I've gotten to do that like five or six times.
  And like that is super fun.
  Even the characters in the movies didn't get to do that.
  So it's always funny to like take your time and try and do it  and not have a different family that's not yours  begging you to not crash.
  And like it was it was fun.
  I it's it's it's amazing.
  And then when you realize like  that you do it a couple of times and like you get like,  oh, it's just that's all it is, is like a big TV.
  Yeah.
 And like it's amazing what how much it just transports  transports you instantly into that world.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to insist on doing that next time when I'm full.
  There's a cockpit full of people.
  I control both.
 Honestly, easier.
  I think it's much easier to control both.
  And you feel like you're driving the Millennium.
  And it's crazy.
 And you feel like it.
  And it's a it's a real it's a real fun time for adults to be children.
  Of the three positions, pilot, gunner, engineer, do you have a preference?  Pilot.
 I mean, yeah.
  Yeah.
 If you're yeah.
  Yeah.
 I feel like if you're a gunner or an engineer, you're you're  enjoying the pilot, have a good time while you go like that.
  Yeah.
 You're you're still pretty great.
  It's fine to hit the buttons.
  All the switches and they say there's like over 200 buttons  and switches that are functional, like that you can press in that car.
  Oh, wow.
 But I didn't know that they all do something.
  It's hard to tell what exactly it's like.
  You have three primate.
  If you're in the game for button pressing engineers, really,  if you just want to do as many as possible, even if you don't know  what the hell they're doing, then engineers the spot for you.
  When I when I was at SL, I wrote a sketch about when Force Awakens came out.
  It was like a trailer and they built the Millennium Falcon cockpit for us  to shoot in.
 And like I I was like, can I take this home?  Like it was it wouldn't have fit in here.
  Like, well, it would have been here.
  But like I went like, I really want to take this home and sit in it and keep it.
  But that that did not happen.
  I took the R2D2.
  Oh, wow.
  Wait, is that like a like a full that's like it was supposed to be the real R2 in the.
  Yeah, I have it downstairs in my garage.
  I'll show it to you later.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  That's I.
 OK.
  So in terms of like because, yeah, I have to admit that I don't feel like I've  I don't think I have any more like perspective any time I go on  as to like how to improve my performance.
  I think, you know, if you're doing multiple doing different positions every time,  it can be it can get confusing, like how to, you know, advance your skills or whatever.
  But do you have any do you know any like specific tips you could say of how to  is it just about positive mental attitude and I think it's about  just positivity in life, meditating and staying in a healthy lifestyle  and, yeah, taking care of others and  just life in general.
  The better you are as a human, the better you'll be at Smuggler's Run.
  Smuggler's Run.
  I know there's like a like a Chewie,  like there's like if you press a certain set of buttons before the ride starts,  Chewbacca, it's Chewbacca make sounds the whole time in the ride.
  Like you're like he's he's there with you as your co-pilot.
  There's a lot learned about this.
  I didn't know about this before.
 Chewie mode.
  You know, Chewie mode, Jason.
  Yeah, if you you need like a full cockpit to do it, because like you have to.
  It's like the old Konami where you have to like  like do everything, like press these buttons before you hit this.
  But like wait for them to tell.
  Don't hit it when they tell you to hit some other stuff and then  steer it all the way to different sides.
  And then basically you can do the whole ride with just Chewie screaming at you.
  And I'm going with family for the first time soon who haven't been on this.
  And I am tempted like, guys, we got to do Chewie mode.
  That was the first experience.
  It's just no instructions, just a Wookie screaming at you the whole time.
  Might be easier, though.
  I mean, yeah, yeah, maybe.
  I have to run Jason, you have to run drills beforehand  to make sure they know how to do it.
  Oh, my family already loves my bullshit when theme park planning.
  Like, we have to do a cheat code for this ride.
  I'm pretty sure I would get run out of town.
  Sure.
  Oh, but the whole ride is getting barked instructions anyway.
  So just, you know, you do some extra barking at the top.
  That's true.
 But I mean, I don't want to rob them of Jim Cummings  great performance as Hondo Anaka.
  This is very funny in the pre-show and in the ride.
  He has some great lines.
  That's fantastic.
 Yeah, yeah.
  If we step out of the cockpit for a second, I mean, this is one of the great  things about this ride is Hondo Anaka.
  Is it the we've said this before, I want to say is maybe the second  most advanced animatronic in in all the Disney parks, with maybe the Navi  shaman of song being number one.
  Does anyone know if I'm right or wrong on this?  I can cross that.
 Yeah, I think that's.
  I think you're close.
 What about the flipping Spider-Man?  Oh, wait.
 Oh, is that it now?  Oh, maybe that's it now.
 You're right.
  That's pretty advanced.
  Is that technically the same cat?  It's like a stunt tronic.
  Yeah, that's a different category.
  Is it a difference?  Best supporting animatronic.
 Yeah.
  I'm on the secret life of pets ride at Universal, like my voice.
  And like those animatronics are insane.
  I just did it for the first time, like two weeks ago.
  And it's first of all, it's bonkers  to know that there's a room a couple of miles away from my house that I'm  Mel, the pug dog in it.
  And like in the very beginning of the ride, I'm talking and you hear me run,  like seeing my character on a screen.
  But then there's like these animatronics of the dogs like popping up.
  So there's just like a lot of panting and like weird dog sounds.
  But then there's one where I'm just on like a spin wheel,  like a like a fireworks wheel.
  And I'm going, whoa, whoa, whoa, just like screaming.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  And I realized that like there's just a room  a couple of miles away where I'm just my voice.
  I'm just screaming all day long.
  And it's like that's it's terrifying.
  It's like Black Mirror in a way.
  It's like that's so bizarre, but it's also wonderful and crazy.
  You're like, I have to drive to my screaming room now.
  Well, no, I was like I was like I was like,  I can't wait to bring my daughter on this ride.
  And we were doing it.
  And she kind of heard the voice and went like, look, like what's happening here.
  And then I realized, like, yeah, this is playing 24 hours a day.
  Isn't that bizarre?  Geez, this is something I've always wondered, the perspective of somebody  who has achieved this dream of like, yeah, there's this place all day.
  And which is awesome to talk to somebody who's like clearly thinks it's  thinks it's insane because I feel like there are people who like,  what do I have to do now?  They phone it in.
  They don't like I never went.
  I don't care.
  It's cool that you're like thinking about the oddity of that.
  It's it's crazy.
  Like I remember recording it and being like, this is this is not.
  Yeah, it's it's all it's all insane.
  The permanence to it, like presumably people are pulling up, you know,  the movie or things you've been in all the time, but you don't think about it.
  It's like, you know, that feels like scatter shot as opposed to like,  this is a committed this is a robot that only exists to yell in my voice.
  It's it struck me as as an odd thing to have to deal  with, just go like, this is so cool.
  I was I couldn't wait to do this thing.
  And then the inevitable existentialism  of just the when I just sitting there looking at this thing spinning and going,  oh, poor guy all day.
  Huh?  It's like a sad like you cloned yourself and it's like it's like,  well, it's not that's a very black mirror.
  Like you're kind of me, but you don't have my humanity and experiences.
  Poor guy.
 Yeah, like I definitely I should talk to my therapist about that.
  Like the fact that like I get upset when I hear  like the Spanish version where like somebody else is doing the voice.
  I'm like, that's my dog.
  Why are you?  Why do you why do you sound like I get mad when other people in other countries  start voicing my cartoon characters?  I go like, oh, no, I'll learn the language if I have to.
  I will phonetically step through.
  I will butcher this language.
  That's what it takes.
  I will.
 I will hurt your people just to prove a point.
  I have in terms of voicing things.
  Here's a question that maybe we should have asked right at the top.
  Are you in Smuggler's Run?  No, you are not.
  OK, because I started thinking about this because I first of all,  there is a website that says that you were on it.
  And I was like, this doesn't seem like particularly vetted.
  And I and I that is a I think what they're talking about is the in the queue  when there's like the workers who are messing up the vehicles  and, you know, like having problems in what is it?  Oh, not good transport solutions.
  And I have wondered if the aforementioned Ben Schwartz is a voice in this.
  Do you know if he is in it?  No, I don't believe he is.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  We were we were on it with our friend Griffin Newman.
  He thought he spotted Ben.
 Oh, yes.
 You know, yeah.
  He thought maybe he spotted Ben in it.
  And then I saw it reported as fact on some website,  but it was like not the most vetted website.
  So I'm glad we've gotten down to the nitty gritty here.
  I apologize that you're not on it.
  And I played Darth Vader on it.
  Oh, that's OK.
  I figured out that she could.
  Yeah.
  Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.
  And then you have to have six thousand dollars in cash in a shoe box  and just leave it there.
  Still less than the hotel room.
  Yeah.
  It's a steal in terms of.
  OK, so so other stuff that we covered that you're not.
  It's not you got a business on that.
  Oh, scores.
  Here's this is something that I wanted because it's like scores from New York  in the 80s.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Let's get any experience there as a child.
  It's a wild place, baby.
  We got to get back to those days.
  My New York, Giuliani missed it all.
  Oh, Giuliani.
  I think part of the reason I've had trouble telling  if I am doing a good job on this attraction or not is like  as that as opposed to a Buzz Lightyear  type ride, they tell you there's a list.
  They tell you what score you got and what that means.
  And I don't really know what is a good score.
  Now I realize this how many coaxium you get is part of it.
  I guess like so.
  So who is the guy you can get?  Oh, I've heard I've only seen two.
  I've only gotten two once.
  And that was with Tony Baxter.
  And he was very impressed that we got to like it felt like  an achievement he was super psyched about.
  Wow.
 Do you know Josh Shipley as well?  The name sounds familiar.
 Yeah, he was there, too.
  He was there.
 Wonderful guys.
  They were I've kept in touch with Joshua a lot.
  They're fantastic.
  But yeah, it does seem.
  That there's a lot of graphs and a lot of information to do.
  If you don't know ahead of time, it's a lot of information  to take in on the score.
  I feel like it's always like 70 percent no matter what you do  or 20 percent accuracy no matter what you do.
  Or at least for me.
 Yeah, that's kind of our feeling.
  Yes.
 That like you're sort of damned if you do damned if you don't.
  And like no matter what, Hondo's taking your money, which I guess is part of.
  Look, that's just that's how Hondo plays it.
  But also like you just went like this, like if you just put your hands up  and never everybody did that, no matter you'd get 30 percent every time.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There's videos of that on YouTube.
  Like you can watch videos of our group didn't touch anything.
  And here's what happened.
  Like because they sort of I guess this thing is kind of like  bowling if you put the bumpers up like it's like sort of there's a thing  it's going to do and there's variance within that.
  But you can't like get an F.
  Really, you can't like completely bomb out outside of the stores  that you would put a quarter in and like go like it's the most expensive  one of those like little rock machine.
  Yeah.
  Rocking horsey machine.
  It's like they're trying to do.
  I mean, this is a whole thing.
  They're trying to make it like realistic, quote unquote.
  So it's they're not going to say like here completely grade you  in a way a video game would.
  So they're trying to have it a little bit both ways.
  It's it's and being able to do it a bunch of times,  I would say if you're able to get to do it more than once,  don't worry about the game.
  Just enjoy how cool it looks.
  Yeah, yeah, that really is kind of part of how like  all the stuff is there for you and you have to do it at certain times.
  But just like looking around at just how  I just being in it, I really enjoy the stress.
  I feel like can take out some of the fun for people  because some people find everything very stressful in there,  especially if you're like shoulders  locking up while you're hitting the guns or something.
  It also happens super quick.
  They get you in and get you out of there.
  So yeah, that is true.
  There's something about that that you can't like.
  I mean, maybe you got it the first time you went because they were filming you,  but like that you it's tough to have a minute of like, wow,  and in the cockpit because it's like, OK, sit down, press the button,  start doing it.
  You don't get to enjoy yourself to to to sit there and go, wow,  which is what it really is for.
  And this is the best part about it.
  Yeah.
 And you do.
  If you don't know the rules, it's hard.
 Yeah.
  You end up with like an extra minute or two in the hold in like the lounge area  that that I thought was smart, like holding like they assign you your your party.
  Everyone gets a, you know, card with their group color and what your role is.
  And you can always like trade it if it's, you know,  you know, everyone or you're want to talk to strangers,  but you can sit at the hollow chess board and take a picture.
  You usually have enough time to linger there.
  I would argue, though, that's like the highlight of the whole thing.
  And I'm not even trying to put the ride down.
  That's like the whole I wish you had like 10 more minutes.
  I want to I literally want to touch everything every time I go in.
 Yeah.
  I think I've gotten to spend like without exaggerating,  like a few hours in that room in total.
  And it really is that like just like when you sit there and now you go like,  like now when I go there with friends or family, I go, come here, like, look at this.
  Because like just like these they have these little sections  or like little things that Easter eggs and whatnot or little.
  It's just so well, the people who built it loved it.
  And you can tell.
 Yeah, that's I this is going to sound controversial,  but the best ride in Galaxy's Edge is the waiting area for the Millennium Falcon.
  I mean, I don't.
  That's what you saw all over Instagram and Twitter.
  Like, I mean, that was like that first month or so.
  Now you sort of accept it as part of the fabric of the park,  which is what happens to these attractions.
  But like it felt like the like it's cooler than any concert  that was going on at the time.
  Like, yes.
 And when you check Instagram, oh, they got to go and they got to go.
  And this famous person got to go.
  My friend got to go.
  And I was just like, it was really in the air.
  That room got to touch Hans blankets that are sitting on a shelf  and they're hard for some reason.
  I guess they don't want to get it like soiled, but  we also I I had the very odd experience that the three of us,  I was the first one to go on it because we were there opening day as well.
  And we got into Ogas pretty early.
  And I had already guzzled a blue milk from the stand.
  And then I drank the one they had in the bar.
  And I was like, I have to use the refresher.
  I have to use the restroom.
  And they had not they were still figuring out like the get back into Ogas,  but they were at the like and they were they were like, hey, it's opening day.
  If you leave, you can't come back in.
  And I'm like, I have accepted that.
  I got 30 minutes in here.
 I have to go.
  So while I was waiting for Mike and Scott and everyone else to like finish,  I just walked onto the single rack around the Millennium Falcon.
  And then when they came out, what did you do?  They're like, what did you do?  And I was like, oh, I went on the rock before anyone else.
  I was engineer.
  I used the restrooms.
 I walked around a little so.
  And we were so mad.
  That's a bold move.
 Yeah.
  What are you? You sold out your bros.
  Unbelievable.
  Well, I mean, we went and did it.
  But like, I mean, I had to do something.
  But thanks to the revolutionary like turntable system, this ride really,  really the wait times are never too bad because they have so many cockpits.
  Running at one given time.
  Yeah, sure.
 That's a good thing about it, for sure.
  Yeah, those lines are not crazy.
  That single riders is really fast.
  I got to walk the whole rise of resistance before it was open,  but I have never been on it.
  Never been on.
 Wow.
  Really? Wow.
 Wow.
  But you saw.
 OK, so what state is it at?  Is there any video or is it just like they're still there, like finishing and lighting sets?  How would you say that again?  Oh, just like you walk through it.
  Yeah, yeah.
 What state was it in?  Um, shambles.
  Well, it was it was, you know, they didn't open for a year after that.
  It was it was they had like, I think it was like the week  they realized that it was not going to be open and that it was going to be a very,  very long time before it was going to be open.
  So, yeah, it was like not built.
  Right.
 Right.
  So are you looking at like  skeleton frame of Adad and that kind of stuff like this?  Yeah, like, but not that.
  Yeah, that and like what I definitely remember was the because I've seen it online now.
  The section where is it Admiral Akbar that's in like that ship?  Well, it's a different.
  It's not.
 It's not.
  Yeah, it's not Akbar, but it's a Mon Calamari.
 Yes.
  That section, like standing there and going like, well,  this is going to look cool when it's done and then seeing it and going like, whoa.
  I didn't see that at all.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 But you just walked hallways.
  That's that's pretty nuts.
  It was fun.
 Yeah.
  Like hard hat, like people still doing construction, like people literally go like,  give me a nail because he died.
  We're opening soon.
 Like it was it was not.
  Wow.
 It was the the the the tone definitely from the construction guys  definitely felt like what we don't want is a bunch of actors in the way right now.
  What we don't need is that because we're trying to get this thing built.
  Yeah, yeah, cute.
 Take your pictures.
  Yeah, I get it.
 It's it's just patient.
  But that's like that's like being almost that's as close  you're going to get to being like on the Death Star as it's being built.
  This is like episode three.
  Yeah.
 You were you were in a prequel basically.
  Being in.
  Gosh, what's the name of it?  Doc, on doors before it was open, like that was.
  Oh, yeah.
 When they were still like they still had like a cart with all the stuff  like that they were putting up on the walls, like they were deciding  what was going to go where like seeing that was was pretty cool.
  Especially now going in there now and seeing it all done and going like, well.
  So they had like all this like all of his like collectibles  essentially like on the ground and they were like, decide it was like when I got  there, they were deciding what was going where and putting it in.
  Putting stuff up.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  Which it's like exactly the same in Florida.
  So do they have to have them on conference call?  Probably.
 You know, we're putting it on the right wall.
 Is that OK?  I'm sure they have plans and like it's all mapped out for them.
  But I remember them saying that helmet and that gun is going to be in a new  Disney plus series.
 And I was like, I don't care.
  And it was the Mandalorian helmet and the gun.
  And I was like, I don't know what that is.
  And I don't care.
  Like you kick the helmet.
  Yeah.
  They're going to come to me.
  Stupid.
 No one's going to like this garbage.
  I was just listening to it.
  Let me bring up Griffin Newman's name again.
  I was I was really listening to an episode, his podcast, Blank Check,  where they were talking about solo and I'll explain why in a second.
  But on that episode, he was like he there was sort of a like tossed off like,  oh, yeah, Jon Favre is doing a show for Disney Plus.
  And I remember how like, oh, yeah, that's weird that like nobody really thought  much of that, just like, sure, that'll be fine.
  And then it's the hugest thing.
  I remember thinking about it and not wanting to think because I was like  live action Star Wars on TV has like,  you know, you either have to be the Mandalorian or it's not going to work.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Done like at the top quality.
  And that hadn't been that hadn't been done yet.
  So it was like I remember being like, well, we'll see.
  It was like almost not wanting to talk about it for fear.
  That it wouldn't be everything I hoped it was and turned out to  and turned out that's what it was.
  Well, and they George Lucas talked about like Star Wars TV show  Star Wars for years, right? Like, yeah, yeah.
  They came close a couple of times.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They had like 60 scripts written or something crazy, like 50.
  I think that's I think I'm right.
  You are.
 ago.
 Yeah.
  I had like but it was like the budget was like so high for each episode.
  They were like, oh, we can't do this.
  Yeah.
 You're doing it now.
  And he's back now, which is great.
  George's well, he's back.
 Yeah.
  He's always around.
  I like the idea that he's hanging around and at least influencing in some capacity.
  I mean, I like seeing him with like the baby Grogu and stuff on that.
  I like that.
  I say I say give him his own give him his own series.
  Let him do what he wants again.
  I completely agree.
  I think George should do.
  Yeah, I think George should have like three series now.
  He should be more busy.
  Like he's trying to get away from doing it.
  But I think you should just make him like punish him with more work.
  I want to make him hate it again.
  Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly what I'm saying.
  Let me bring up why I was why I was re listening to Blankchap  because Griffin filled in a big hole for me about this attraction  because we took him on and we went a couple months ago.
  And I was saying how I'm a little vexed by the coaxium.
  Like, why is so much hinging on the coaxium?  And he said, oh, here's what you are realizing.
  This is a solo thing.
  Coaxium is big and solo.
  And admittedly, I had not seen the film solo.
  And now I have flipped through the parts of solo that apply to coaxium.
  I've learned so much more about coaxium, such as that you have to store it cold  or it'll blow your whole ship up.
  So now I think I've gotten the coaxium education that I needed.
  And I appreciate coaxium.
  And now I look forward to pursuing coaxium the next time I go on.
  Yes, I also think and this is  I don't think I'm talking out of school.
  I think this is something that's known.
  But like it's I think Disney like Galaxy's Edge in and of itself is like  the Disney version of Star Wars.
  Like you don't see Leia, you don't see.
  You don't see Han.
  You don't see all those guys.
  And like the reason why there's Hondo and coaxium  and that version of Chewbacca and it's because it's all from the new Disney owned stuff.
  Like it's like so that's why they had to mine all the stuff from like solo.
  And like there's no.
  George Lucas, Star Wars to Galaxy's Edge, it's almost all Disney.
  Star Wars, yeah, little references.
  Yeah, but it's but it's like the main characters are people they could legally  or less expensively less expensive.
  Yeah.
 Oh, sure.
  Using licensing.
  It's coax coax.
  They own coaxium, not kyber crystals.
  Maybe I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I think they're selling kyber crystals, though.
  Well, I think maybe that was because of Rogue One, like they were allowed to use  like the kyber crystals, like name or so, but it had something to do with like  a lot of the main characters and stuff was chosen  because they already owned it, so it was less expensive to use.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  Yeah.
 And they could like maybe start.
  That's why there's no fresh.
  Yeah, no, no, none of these legend characters like legacy characters, kind of.
  Like they're there, but, you know, you don't see them walking around.
  That's why we get Kylo and Rey and.
  Sure, yeah.
  That lot.
  Now, we're of the kind of stupid opinion of that.
  That is now I respect the, you know, like the story in the world  that they've weaved, but I think we feel well, I don't know.
  Why don't you just throw them all in, though?  All right.
 All right.
  So you had your first couple of years where like, all right, now, yeah.
  Looks around and Amidala's around.
  I feel like it'll get there.
  It'll get there at some point.
  Like I'm talking all of it.
  I'm talking the breakfast cereals, the holiday special.
  The games.
  That's a gesture.
  Yeah.
 Diner owner.
  Yeah.
 You're that you win for best back wall.
  That's my entire office downstairs.
  Oh, the toys, everything you've done.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It is to in here.
  Yeah.
 Can we speaking of classic characters,  can we talk about something that I always like when it happens now?  I'm Millennium Falcon Smuggler's run.
  There are many different ways you can go into the cockpit,  which I appreciate that they kind of hide it.
  So you never feel like you're not going into the real one or there's too many,  which is a real smart thing they did.
  One of them, of course, is special because it's the hallway  where Han and Leia kiss.
 Yeah.
  And I always like I've never kissed in the hallway, but I kind  I would like to one day kiss in the Millennium Falcon Smuggler's run hallway.
  Me too.
 Sure.
  I mean, I'm that big of a Star Wars fan.
  Yeah.
 So I get it.
  Yeah.
 Because anyone who's there,  no, I guess anyone mistletoe, you got to do it.
  And I think people should do it going forward.
  Pay a very thin man to show up and interrupt us in a C3P0 suit.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Very fussy British man.
  You know, I have you have you read his book?  Anthony Daniels.
  I know it's my favorite joke in the world.
  It's it.
 Well, it's just it is a it is a 120 pages of a man  complaining about sand in his costume.
  And that's all it is.
  It's it's hilarious.
  But he does.
 It's all he does is say that it's just him  reiterating on 120 pages that the suit was extremely uncomfortable.
  I believe he'd be an actor's life for me, you know?  It's amazing.
  It's he still insists on doing it, too.
  God bless him.
 As he should.
  Yeah, I get that.
  I would be mad if somebody else did it.
  Yeah.
 So he's going to be doing it until like his 90s or something.
  I hope I hope that like there's still opportunities  for him to keep doing it forever until he does it until he.
  Yeah.
 Until he's in a different galaxy.
 Sure.
  It's the nicest way to put it.
 Wow.
  That's beautiful.
  The backing up to the the actual Q area of Millennium Falcon.
  I very much appreciate that when you're stepping into the Millennium Falcon,  it feels like you're on an actual like you're about to get on an airplane  because there doesn't feel like there's anything under you.
  They did that on purpose.
  I remember them saying that that they built it like a flight deck.
  Like they tried to make it feel like even just walking in,  like it was rickety and old and super cool.
  That is yeah, that is like a weird  just something you don't even think about getting on a plane necessarily.
  But then when you're doing it, when you're walking through, you're like,  oh, yeah, I am getting on a plane.
  That's what's happening.
  That back section to where you walk around like the back  long thruster when you're still outside, kind of.
  That's really special when you're right behind the Millennium Falcon.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's yeah, it's nice to like, yeah, get the geography of it  and like stare at it and understand how it works.
  I tried to get in there.
  I tried to get in the cockpit on the outside one and I came close.
  But then they were like, we can't.
  But like, evidently, only a couple of people have been in there.
  Oh, man.
  They did it the opening ceremony like Chewbacca was inside.
  So they probably had to preserve it.
  Make sure like it's evidently it's just extreme.
  The reality is it's just extremely small and hard to get into.
  Yeah, it like cracked off entirely the day before the opening ceremony.
  Sure, the inside of that thing isn't as beautiful as the outside.
  I remember we were in the line.
  I'm not making this up.
  We were in the line one of these times going by that section  you're talking about, looking at the back of it.
  And I remember going, there should be a bar here.
  This is where the bar should be and it should overlook the whole thing.
  And now you're telling us that there is a hypothetical bar  or a pedal, whatever card trying to get to that.
  Yeah, to build it and have it show up.
  I'm trying.
  Maybe they should.
  Maybe they should just let us drink in that line.
  So that should at least just give us that.
  When the steam comes out of the, you know, when they fire the steam  out of the Falcon, that should just be alcohol.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Dripping like it's fuel to drink.
  Fuel in the air.
  Starship fuels taste a lot like Miller Highlight.
  Hey, that's a thing to say, just like as we meander, like as we're outside.
  I mean, is there like a better like you have to include  this exterior as part of this attraction?  And is there like a is there a grander  exterior of a Disney attraction you could do?  This could be it's the most photographable.
  Maybe Harry Potter.
  Like if I think it depends on what you're a fan of.
  But that Harry Potter world, like I'm not a huge Harry Potter guy.
  And I walk around that place and I go, damn, people must go in.
  If you're a diehard fan, you must go like insane over there.
  Like, but it's the same thing for Galaxy's Edge.
  Like it's just what you're more of a fan of, maybe.
  Yeah.
  Is there anything that you're a big fan of that has not been rendered  in theme park worlds that you would love to see the Galaxy's Edge level commitment?  Lost.
 I would go to the lost island.
  Yeah.
  In right.
  You know, there was a rumor of like, I don't know if this was ever  like really on the table, but the Tom Sawyer Island becomes a lost experience.
  They were talking about it.
  But yeah, then it went away.
  I remember being heavily into that.
  It's trying to figure that out.
  Right.
 Right.
  That badly.
  Like, what is that?  Like, it is weird to think of it because you're in, like,  like frontier land and ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
  And then you get on and then you go to a like  scary, like plane crash.
  Like monster.
  Like that.
  It would have been like the plane probably and like hatches and.
  Yeah.
  Smoke monster.
  Yeah.
  Smoke monster somehow on a digital screen scrim.
  Yeah.
  Like that was like that was there as opposed to like, you know, the playgrounds.
  Did people go to like, I guess if you I guess people take their kids  to Tom Sawyer Island, maybe do they?  I don't know.
 Yeah.
  I think it's still pretty popular for like kids to run around on it.
  And burn some steam off.
  There was a rumor for a little while.
  Again, God knows how far along this ever got.
  But the Discovery Island, the former nature  exploration area in Florida at Disney World,  that an island in between like the sort of wilderness lodge and the Magic Kingdom,  they were going to turn that into lost after they shut it down as like,  you know, meet the animals.
  And that never came to be.
  And now it's just a place that urban explorers like to go and get arrested.
  Sneaking.
  Where I live there.
  Used to live there for a while.
  I've lost many hours on YouTube going and watching those videos.
  Yeah.
 Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 What's on Discovery Island?  Backpack people going through.
  Yeah.
 Are you a Bobby?  Are you a Disney World fan as well?  Are you mainly or mainly Disneyland?  I've only I don't think I've ever been to Disney World.
  I've only I went very late in life.
  Disneyland and Disney World, I think only like in when I was in my 30s,  late 30s or 40s.
  Like, I didn't I didn't go too much later in life.
  I'm in a ride at Disney World.
  And I have never been.
  I don't know if it's open yet.
  I don't think it's open yet.
  The old Phineas and Ferb ride is now DuckTales themed.
  This is now we we just had to get you like this is the second time  within the month that we've had somebody on who's part of this thing,  which apparently is like, is it announced or not?  I don't know.
 Yeah, but there's this DuckTales.
  It's been going on for years.
  And it's yeah, I don't know.
  I don't know what's happening with it.
  Huh? Huh?  This is this is this is like the scoop of the month is this DuckTales.
  We spoke to the person who is the John Cheadle sound alike.
  Like we had a guest who we did not realize was a perfect  Don Cheadle double for his appearance as Donald Duck,  which he sounded per it was like the right eye is such a good one.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that's come.
 But you did that like long ago.
  And then you don't know what we recorded.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We recorded a bunch of stuff.
  It was supposed to be like the Phineas and Ferb thing was like an app.
  It was like a game, like a sort of like a treasure hunt.
  And they were going to, I believe, expand it.
  Like park wide, it was going to be like different.
  It wasn't it was going to be all over.
  There was animatronics in different parts of the park,  and you would have to go find it on like through an app like it wasn't like  the Phineas and Ferb thing was like a game that you played on your phone.
  The thing, but this was something that like you could do all around the park  and there was hidden things in places and stuff.
  But yeah, sounds cool.
  I asked him about Disney World partially because are you are you familiar  with like the old Epcot characters, Figment and Dreamfinder?  I often try and inject into interviews that if they ever bring back Figment,  then I want to be the voice of Figment very badly.
  Oh, there you go.
  I was going to bring up another thing because we.
  Or the guy with the beard as helper.
  That's what we were going to see.
  A guest of the show, Jenny Nicholson, I think long ago in an episode  on our show brought up that I think there was the question posed  if there was a live action Figment and Dreamfinder who would be Dreamfinder  and she brought up your name.
  So you're you're down on either side.
  You would have a billion percent.
  Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  Well, that's that's a costume to, you know, like how great would you feel  in a purple top hat and I may have it already waiting to go.
  Oh, it's in the dusty rubber made from ancient from old UCB shows.
  Right.
 We all have one of those sitting around.
  It was a Willy Wonka sketch initially, but you can repurpose my.
  I got into a car accident coming home from a UCB sketch show.
  My car got totaled and the cop was like, your car is totaled, man.
  If you've gotten anything in your car, why don't you throw it in my car?  Well, I'll take you home.
  And I was like, oh, no.
  I proceeded to take out of my car  a giant cardboard cutout of Angelina Jolie with Zach Woods's face on it.
  And African-American Santa Claus animatronic, like  a box full of dildos.
  Like it was just like all props from our sketch show.
  And the cop was just like, what?  What is happening?  Did it all fit in his car?  Yeah, yeah, it did.
  And then he drove me home.
  My poor Saturn didn't make it.
  Oh, too bad.
  I.
 Yeah, we've all been there.
  Yeah, we've all been there.
  A hunk of junk much like the Falcon.
  It did me well.
 It did me well.
  I enjoyed it.
  I like here for why did Dan here like what else can we shout out about this  about this attraction?  I guess, OK, well, let me say this.
  Just to like represent that, I think we've like we've like made fun  of this attraction a little bit in the past and just like I think maybe we wonder,  is there like with the coaxium thing,  I think we wonder if is there like other stuff that they could do or progress?  Like are there other sequences that they might consider putting into this?  Because it seems like the most  ready to go, like that there's other worlds and other levels  essentially in the Star Tours tradition.
  And that's a question, I guess, is like what stuff we would want to do  with the Falcon if they ever were to do that?  I mean, like I think we got to fly into that worm's mouth,  maybe fly into that thing.
  Yeah, we got to get in that worm's mouth.
 I agree.
  I totally agree.
 Not being funny.
  That is I mean, it's a thing that's missing.
  How many rides have taken us inside a mouth like a great giant mouth?  And maybe that is sort of seems like a place also that the gunner  would be come incredibly in hand to like fire your way down the road.
  I'm trying to think of moments from the movies, like when it crashes  and rise the resistance, like in the snow, like  or the trench run, like helping Luke in the trench run.
  Yeah, the Kessel run itself.
 Yeah.
  Which they showed in Solo, which he cheats at that sort of  because they did that like fix because Parsec is a unit of measurement,  not a time, which is just an error.
  They do.
 There's a lot of that where they're like, this is an error  and we're going to make it like a real plot point.
 Yeah.
  It's because they're trying to help nerds,  but the nerds are the ones that made it wrong.
  And the it's hard.
 It's a hard line to walk.
  Yeah.
 It's also funny.
  It's also funny if Han Solo, I think, is stupid and just said it wrong.
  I know.
 Yeah.
 Or he's lying.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's just trying to be an asshole.
  Yeah, because he is.
 Yeah.
  That's what people like.
  He spends a good portion of the first three, you know, movies  just kind of being a jerk, very charming jerk.
  It's crazy how like we love this terrible father, this drug dealing  terrible father really is amazing.
  The son didn't turn out.
  That son turned out pretty bad, didn't he?  That's about as bad of a kid.
  Like the movie, the movie should be called.
  Leia doesn't get the credit she deserves.
  Very good point.
  It's for someone in gaps, also just like a serious like, yeah, I mean,  you know, you couldn't do it with her, but like, let's just see.
  Like what what happened?  What was Kylo's upbringing?  And it's just a serious like this very little sci fi and fun in it.
  It's very 30s.
  Star Wars is very squid in the whale.
  Like, we're going to have like a coming apart.
  You're just watching like a child become corrupted  through the windshield of the Millennium Falcon.
  We're just sitting there  like awkwardly, like, are we going to get out of here?  No, we're not.
  So we're in it now.
  Yeah, I it's again, I'm not trying to be  getting into a creature's mouth is what happens on Star Tours.
  Like I've said this before, like Star Tours has so many like moments  that you really remember specifically that I feel like are missing  from the Millennium Falcon ride.
  I agree.
 It's chaos.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
  And I think what you said, Bobby, about like just didn't kind of enjoy the chaos.
  Don't focus on the gamification too much.
  Like if they were to add new levels, like a little more just like, all right.
  Now just hit one button and just sit back and enjoy.
  Yeah.
  The experience is the room itself.
  It feels like more than like.
  Right.
 The point and everything gets confused is the experience.
  Yeah, I would love it, honestly, if they, you know, if they  tweaked a version of it where it's like, OK, pilots,  you do it for the first half and you do it for the second half  and you do up and down and left and right at the same time.
  Like that would be easier, maybe.
  Yeah.
 Well, my fix, my fix has always been it should just be one person controlling it.
  There should be a gunner next to them with a joystick  and then the other four should be engineer or call it a different call it, you know,  call it like over heater check,  overheat checker or something, I don't know.
  Or put a screen like something else so that they just they have their own little thing.
  Or also, like if you're going to be the gunner, put me in that seat.
  Put me in that bottom swivel seat.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  Preach into the choir.
 Yeah, that's where our single rider.
  Just that.
 That's all you got to do is you're alone in that thing.
  Like that should be like the new lightning lane.
  You pay twenty five dollars to get in that seat because I would.
  That's that would be worth it, because that looks like fun as hell.
  That's as a kid, especially you're like, I want to be on where that little thing,  like that little like headset, which is looks fun, which I guess is just like  a old time like operator like Andy Griffith or something.
  And then you're firing a big gun in a rotating thing like it seems so awesome.
  Mike, that brings up I got to give them credit.
  All the old looking like cathode ray tube  screens, all the old kind of like staticky screens  that Hondo talks to you or Chewie, oh, sure.
  That is great.
  And they're all making everything look like dirty, but not dirty is a real skill.
  Yes.
 And they do it very well.
  And the screens look kind of old, even though they're not.
  If you like, look, you're like, oh, that's that's a higher definition  than it may appear.
  But it's like kind of tricks you.
  Yeah, which is nice.
  So, yeah, I guess would you, Jason, would you want it to be dirtier?  And oh, yeah.
 Oh, sure.
 Always.
  You would like worse dirty or messy.
  Should there be like shit everywhere?  Should there be like paper?  No, I want to try.
 I want to be tricked.
  I don't I don't want actual mess.
  I want that's fair.
 Theater.
  The theater of theater of dirt.
  The theater of dirt.
  The theater of dirt.
  I don't I like.
  Yeah, I don't want the actual hard hat experience that Bobby had going through.
  Yeah.
 The hyper hyper heightened version of like showing up  at like community theater layman's productions when it's like  the carpenter down the street is writing this all fun is taxed.
  Please don't rehearse kids, please.
  Don't rehearse.
  This is dangerous.
  I I they really they should.
  I think they try to shy away, especially Galaxy's edge from like cheap stuff  like in the Millennium Falcon, like we should cruise through Coruscant  and see like Padme and Anakin like arguing or something like  like like in like in Soarin went.
  Yeah.
 Soaring when you see Jack Sparrow and them on the beach.
  They chose little like Easter egg thing.
  And he gives you.
 Yeah.
  Well, like Michael Eisner is in he golfs in the original Soarin.
  No, really?  Yeah.
 The guy who hits a golf ball that flies at you is a pair.
  And Palm Springs is Michael Eisner.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  So I more cheap shit is honestly what I want.
  I want like a little less clever.
  Less clever, less like, yeah, like glad dumber stuff.
  Gunga low hanging fruit.
  Just a little boss.
  Nass waving at you like for a while for a long time.
  And I'm serious, like that's for people like those characters, you know,  and the darker side of the star, the Noah Baumbach  the Star Wars characters arguing.
  Yeah, I guess I want more characters arguing  in general.
  I like that conflict, that drama.
  Minor characters fighting.
  Yeah.
 Minor characters.
  Five lines or less.
  The more less lines, the better.
  That John Cassavetes flavor in the Star Wars universe.
  Yeah, that's what I'm looking for.
  Well, why don't look?  I mean, if we if we're going to keep it consistent with Galaxy's edge,  like maybe if, you know, if we're stick, if we have to stick to the  the Dexter is not around, we do have Seasal slack.
  And it seems like you'd be willing to do more sleaze.
  I think if the location is right there, like you have to imagine that  the Falcon would have a little bit of trouble landing sometimes  and maybe crash right into Seasal slacks floating Cantina.
  Yeah.
 Maybe is like chewing out a fry cook or something.
  As long as he's arguing with someone  and having a heated conflict and that we get to sit there  for a few minutes and enjoy.
  And if people start to like them and they become beloved characters, no more.
  We need minor characters.
  Minor characters only.
  No show people, no people that are their own show.
  We're talking rank or keepers.
  Oh, yes.
 Yes.
  Or just let's see him really processing the death of the rank.
  I tried to write a sketch.
  Yeah.
 At SNL, where it was when Brogue One came out,  where is a Star Wars story.
  It was just all these other spin offs and it was like Porkins  and the rank or keeper and Lauren Michaels had no clue what I was talking about.
  What? Yeah.
  I don't believe it.
  To be fair, he's right.
 Yeah.
  Bobby, I don't know what a Porkins is.
  Oh, man, that would be great.
  I OK.
 Well, this has been a blast.
  I mean, any any any closing thoughts on Bollion?  If I like tips to do the next time you go with stuff that we want to see happen.
  I love it there.
  There's a little hidden Mickey in Galaxy's Edge.
  And when you when you get off of.
  Smugglers run and you go right.
  There's like a ramp.
  There's like a ramp that goes up  like snakes around into the food court.
  Docking Bay.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You know what you mean?  Yeah.
 And there's a little hidden Mickey on the wall there.
  There's like three like bullet holes that are in the shape of a Mickey Mouse  on that ramp.
 Oh, that's scary.
  Which I yeah, I like that.
  Yeah.
 It's like somebody wanted to kill Mickey.
 Yeah.
  How many Hunter after somebody's a talking mouse, three feet tall.
  Yeah.
 I like that Mickey's been in Galaxy's Edge.
  That's canon now.
 Yeah.
  That's another yeah, that's another dumb thing.
  Just have yeah, Mickey's Mickey should be in Galaxy's Edge.
  I believe I love the whole E.
T.
  crossover, the fact that in the movie he well, in the Star Wars movies,  in the prequels, there's the Senate scene where all the E.
T.
s have their own box.
  Yeah.
 We're talking about.
  Yeah.
 I want to say the name of the character, I think right now.
  I don't want to.
 I'm going to bungle it.
  I don't know how to say it out loud.
 You got to do it.
  Greble, Senator Greble, I believe is the name because it's Spielberg backwards.
  Is the name of the E.
T.
  Goodness.
 Yeah.
  Do you know that one?  That is the Moine naming system in action.
  That is Spielberg backwards equals Moine.
  Lauren doesn't know that either, I bet.
  No, he does not.
  But he was best man at Carrie Fisher's wedding.
  Is that right?  Yeah.
 To Paul Simon, right?  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Oh, that's wild.
  Yeah.
 That's a good nerd.
  Now I forget what I was saying.
  Sorry, Greble.
 Senator Greble.
  That's the room of the E.
T.
 senators.
  Yeah, that whole idea that in E.
T.
  when he's dressed up and he sees Yoda and he's like home  and it's because now they've connected the two movies like  that's why he recognized Yoda in E.
T.
  because he's in the Star Wars universe.
  And that's so good.
  I truly enjoy that.
  When he points at the oh in the oh wow.
  And then there's the point where Elliot starts going, this is Boba Fett  and starts showing him the action figures.
  And it's like he's like, whatever, I know, like I know those guys.
  I love I love I want I want E.
T.
  to show up in the Star Wars universe with a fucking lightsaber.
  I've he's like, I've served in the Senate with these these people.
  I know.
 I know.
  You you you have them as toys here.
  These are this man was a murderer.
  That that's my favorite thing that I want to see that theory.
  And the theory I want most to be true  is that the little girl, the little blonde girl with the curls  and the white headband from the E.
L.
O.
C.
 adventures.
 Yes.
  Is young Captain Phasma.
  Oh, I haven't heard that.
  I like that.
 I like that.
  That's going to be I'm going to be thinking about that all day.
  Yes, I enjoy.
  I wish that was true.
  Because I mean, the start of that second movie  really gives her an incredibly tragic backstory.
  Yeah.
 Geez.
  Well, all right.
 Incredible connections.
  Great ideas for future expansions.
  I think I think full E.
T.
  say full of greeblips.
  Senate hearing is what I think we'd all like to see.
  But thanks for thank you for coming and sharing your thoughts  and tips and ideas for the future.
  Bobby Moynihan, you survived podcast the right.
  Thank you so much for being here.
  And hey, let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you would like to plug?  Oh, yeah, please check out a new podcast on Stitcher Premium.
  It's called Celebrity Sighting with Jonathan Biding.
  It's a fully improvised fake interview show.
  I play Jonathan Biding.
  I'm a hundred year old man  who has been sighting celebrities his entire life  and is recently out of jail.
  He went to jail for biting Kathy Bates and now  I'm out of jail and starting a podcast.
  Gee, it's great.
  All right.
 Well, if that isn't intriguing.
  Yeah, you should check it out.
  First episode's out now.
  Taryn Killam plays Brad Pitt on it.
  Oh, fantastic.
 OK, great.
  Oh, what a great impression.
  All right.
 And as for us,  you can find us on all the socials at podcast the right.
  Merch is available in our T public store.
  And for three bonus episodes every month, check out podcast  the right of the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast the right.
  Now what's echoing in my head, just one more thing is that like I  were this will come out a little later.
  We're recording it before Halloween.
  And I'm like, there's still time for me to get an E.
T.
 mask.
  Go somewhere and people say, oh, you're E.
T.
  and then you say, no, I'm Senator Gribble.
  Oh, get it right.
  So anybody else who wants to go in on that with me or next?  I'll do it.
  I'm going to do this book of Boba Fett.
  That's true.
  But we want a book of we want a book of gribble.
  A West Wing, like a West Wing with gribble.
  Yeah, they could just go on Senator Jaws.
  Sure.
  Easier to say a little easier.
  All right, everybody.
 Thanks for listening.
 Bye bye.
  Bye.
  Forever dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
