 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate,  the theme park podcast that's more fun  than a bucket of pig juice.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, I think I'd rather drink pig juice  than watch videos of this.
  Is it Jason again?  Let's be honest, you used to have a glass  of pig juice every morning.
  Well, look, the high protein kick, that's Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, I'm here and I'm talking about Jason  drinking pig juice as a child.
  It happened, we all know it happened.
  It's a Pennsylvania thing.
  Yeah, that's not what we know.
  Oh, you never heard of pig juice?  That's really what I expected.
  Like ham salad or Scrapple or whatever.
  Right, right, pig juice.
  That is the one comment that's really excited to like,  are totally, but Mike and Scott are fools  for not knowing that everybody wakes up  to a glass of pig juice.
  That's about too long of a paragraph.
  Yes, it'll happen, yeah.
  They did not realize that in some parts of the state,  you put butter on the bread  before you start making the sandwich.
  And then if you want mayonnaise or mustard,  that goes on top of the butter.
  Is that one, is that one come up or is that,  are you forgoing a future one by getting it out?  I'm burning that off, yeah.
  Which one, which one, what was that?  What were you just describing?  In some of the like areas  close to Pennsylvania Dutch country,  like sandwiches would have butter put on them.
  But like on the bread, sorry.
  Like on the bread, yeah.
  That's not so weird.
  It's not so weird, but it's very specific.
  Before the rest of the ingredients.
  Yeah.
  What's the point of that?  I don't know.
  It might be a holdover from when food  didn't really taste good.
  I mean, you can get a buttery roll for,  depending on what you're having a sandwich.
  And if you choose a bread of,  as Jason would say, a croissant,  there's buttery bread, I think.
  So I feel like that's not such a hard thing.
  Well, a buttered roll,  that's a Philadelphia breakfast go-to.
  It's just a butter roll with like your coffee.
  Well, that's not so crazy either.
  No, that's not that unusual.
  These are probably normal.
  Yeah, these are normal.
  They have raisin bran in Pennsylvania as well.
  In Pennsylvania, they'll take an egg  and kind of whip it up in a pan  and then serve that on a, they put it on a plate.
  But people are very serious about the buttered roll.
  Like there's been New York Times,  New York Magazine article,  it's about the node to the buttered roll.
  What kind of a roll is it?  Like a chewy roll, like an Italian roll.
  Like a hard roll?  Like a harder roll, yeah.
  Okay, because like, is that like,  you could go to a California pizza kitchen  and they have a real hard piece of bread  that they give you before the meal.
  Is it like that?  Is it that hard?  I guess it's sort of.
  The middle isn't so hard, but the outside is.
  It's kind of a snazzy sort of a chewy snazzy.
  It's like a ciabatta kind of bread.
  It's not, yeah, an inside is not so hard  at the California pizza kitchen.
  And you would dip it in that so you get it a little wet.
  That softens you up, yeah.
  It softens you right up, so.
  I'll bring you up.
  Well, it's all, you know, that's stuff you can ask for  if you find yourself doing a Fear Factor Live challenge  and you're not just like,  I don't know how comfortable I am eating the bull testicles,  so maybe a little bit of butter would soften it up  or make it more palatable.
  They might not grant that request,  but you know, you could throw it out there.
  Not sure of the rules.
  However, ain't nobody doing any Fear Factor Live challenges  because this attraction is closed forever,  thus prompting an episode about it.
  This is one of these, if you don't know,  this is a, I'd say a long past universal Hollywood  attraction, but a universal Florida attraction  that drastically outlived the multiple iterations  of the series Fear Factor.
  It's been going for a long time,  but it became one of those seasonal,  kind of in the day in the park with Barney Lane of,  do they still do that?  And especially it was in question after COVID  and now they have answered, we do not still do this.
  And the show is disappearing as of this month, week,  or around this stretch of time.
  Yeah, it was news to me that as of like the spring of 2020,  it was still considered running.
  But yeah, and so obviously it shut down.
  I don't think it ever, it never reopened.
  Yeah, and so, but they officially announced, yeah,  the nail in the coffin in the fall of 2021  that it's like, it's done.
  Yeah, and not only that, but this entire venue  is going away.
  If you don't know universal Florida that well,  it has been done in this theater that's kind of on the,  well, I based on the entrance, the East end of universal.
  I don't know if that's accurate, the actual,  that's actual East, but it's over by,  it's between Diagon Alley and the Men in Black ride.
  There's been this big like festival seating type venue  that was built for something called  the Wild Wild Wild West stunt show.
  It was that first, some of the DNA of this,  this is pretty evident, I'd say.
  Yeah.
  In felt very, very evident in Fear Factor Live.
  And it's been Fear Factor Live for a long time,  mixed with Halloween events.
  They do things at Halloween Horror Nights over there.
  But kind of, it's always struck me as odd space,  as things at Universal get increasingly  more and more blockbuster.
  I mean, its neighbors are pretty high end, you know?  It's like this venue's been priced out.
  This is expensive real estate.
  Yeah.
  Like theme park acreage is highly coveted.
  Like this is a waste of space.
  Like for some.
  Well, universal acreages, the Disney world  will just let shit rot for 25 years without addressing it.
  But Universal actually takes the time to do stuff.
  Yeah, a little more of a limited footprint,  although expanding every year seemingly.
  But still, like the central campus, you know, more limited.
  And yeah, this is hung around for a while.
  Wait a minute, you're saying Fear Factor  is not as beloved as Harry Potter  or Men in Black or The Simpsons?  You're saying that this might be a waste here?  I think it's not as beloved as like  the Coke freestyle machines by the Men in Black.
  I can agree with that.
  Somebody on Twitter said that those were bad  and I was upset by that take.
  There's a lot of bad takes on Twitter, but.
  Oh, that the Coke, oh, I saw this going around.
  That's the one that broke you?  Yeah, Coke freestyle rocks.
  Every other take.
  Every other take I see, I love.
  Most takes, even if I don't agree,  I'm glad they're getting an out there.
  Good for you.
  Every take's a perfect take  because I'm excited you're having a take.
  But this freestyle thing.
  But I love a Coke freestyle, yeah.
  So yeah, Jason's correct.
  I'm sure Coke freestyle's more beloved  than Fear Factor at this point.
  But maybe I'm wrong.
  Maybe we're making people mad.
  And this is, this attraction is technically,  I saw it was originally part of the San Francisco area  and then it was annexed into World Expo,  which is what they call like Men in Black and such,  that area.
  So I guess they just like leapfrogged Amity.
  Like, so for a period of time,  San Francisco went around like Amity  or crossed that one foot bridge.
  And like, this was technically  in the San Francisco section of the park.
  So.
  It was a non-contiguous area of San Francisco.
  This is like, Universal San Francisco was like  a mainland America and Hawaii,  where there's a little extra bit,  really away removed.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A shitty little, like, but Hawaii is a paradise.
  This is a shitty little.
  It's an inverse.
  It's so Hawaii.
  Yeah.
  It's an inverse.
  Yeah, man, we're watching this.
  I was just, ugh, yeah, this was rough.
  I remember watching it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I've never seen it.
  I didn't know it was there.
  Wow.
  I didn't know it was there the last time we were there.
  This is exactly the same as you were.
  As I recall, you were really unfamiliar  with there being a Barney show.
  Didn't know.
  As opposed to me, who was familiar that there was this  and had never seen it or pursued seeing it.
  Sure, sure.
  A world of difference between our opinions.
  I'm sure I looked right at the sign  and it just didn't register.
  Didn't even look like letters to me.
  I know the Fear Factor logo, but I was like, oh, okay.
  That must just be, they're advertising the show  in the middle of the sign of a map for Universal Studios.
  Got it, okay.
  Which if that's you, an avid Theme Park fan,  then that really shows you how people can miss stuff.
  Yeah, you would think I would have known.
  And not pay attention.
  No, I didn't.
  Also, the Fear Factor logo is so industrial  and functional.
  I could see you staring at it and thinking it said,  authorized personnel only.
  That's true.
  With a little bit of attitude.
  Like it was spray painted on there and you just went,  I better not go over there.
  I don't work here.
  That's very possible.
  Yeah, I was looking through, yeah.
  Maybe I've seen it a hundred times.
  Maybe I thought it was the No Fear logo,  the popular clothing that we all wore.
  And they just made a deal with Universal.
  Just a random billboard in the park, sure.
  Just like they were advertising the No Fear gift shop.
  It's not dissimilar too to the warnings of,  this show gets a little bawdy or like, I don't know,  maybe the kids should sit this one,  leave the kids at five-els if you're gonna watch this show.
  Yeah, but not in this one, the kids are complicit in this.
  The kids get involved.
  Yeah, in this.
  I didn't see any versions where kids get involved.
  Oh really?  I didn't know.
  We might've all watched different videos  because there's no real, this is one of the,  you know how, maybe you guys have this when you're like,  okay, we have picked a topic and let me dive into  what videos exist of the topic.
  And when you see, you know, a defunct land or a Martin's vids  or I feel like these are the other ones  I'm forgetting that I like, but like,  oh, there's like a clean video about this.
  Review time, that's the one.
  Oh my God, somebody made a nice little video about this  and I don't just have to sift through  home video recordings of it.
  And this is one where like, boy, I really could have used,  even just like a press kit,  give me like some boring guy going,  Fear of Actual Life is gonna give the audience  the opportunity to get involved in a fair show  and a fair stunt.
  Just like that would be, I'll get something out of that.
  Give me anything that isn't camcorder footage  from the back of the room.
  Yeah, but yeah, I think there was like two,  there's two main ones.
  Did you watch 2019 or 2016?  Did you not either?  I don't recall the year.
  Oh really? I don't recall.
  I watched 2016.
  I did the punishing one  because that is about 10 minutes longer  because I saw online that if it was a slow season,  there's kind of an abbreviated version of the show  with less contestants.
  And I was like, I should watch this whole thing.
  And I regret it.
  I regret the time I spent watching it, honestly.
  Sure.
  Well, you didn't, 2016 is the one.
  Did you see children involved?  Do you know what I'm talking about?  Are they spraying fans or water and stuff?  Well, okay, so I guess I'm getting ahead of myself,  but I have to say it now.
  On paper, it said you had to be 18 to do the stunts.
  Right, yes.
  So the people doing anything that's considered a stunt  are over 18, but they get children involved.
  They dangle people.
  That's like the first thing they do  is like dangle people.
  They have to hang on this.
  I don't forget what they call the thing.
  That's the first part of it.
  It's weird though, it looks like bike handlebars  that are attached to a bungee cord sort of thing.
  Yeah, and they're three stories up.
  And you're just your full upper body strength  to hang on to the top of the venue as long as you can.
  Yeah, and they basically, yeah,  like obviously they have cables on them, they drop,  and the cable catches them or whatever.
  And whoever's the first person down, I think, is eliminated.
  For the version I saw, they bring a child down  in the front of the stage, and they tell the child  that after 12 seconds, you're gonna turn on fans  that are going to hit these people in the face  while they're hanging.
  Yeah.
 But it's a child.
  It's like a child doing like a Milgram's experiment  of like, we want you to harm some other people.
  Would like stranger grownup hit this button  and fuck with these adults.
  The other room, yeah, someone will get electrocuted.
  Yeah, and they bring another child down  to watch like them throw like a scorpion on a woman's face.
  She has to be like, she's like right there.
  I have a photo, it's really disturbing,  of this child taking an iPhone photo or video.
  I don't know, I don't think it's a relation.
  I don't think it's like this person's mother, but who knows?  I don't know if you can see, that's a bad one.
  This girl has an iPhone and she's just taking it.
  That's the box with the woman's head.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  It's like right there.
  And she's getting, she has scorpions being put on her head  in this glass cube.
  Yeah, so yeah, imagine a kid you were afraid of  like pinhead, well, what about scorpion head?  And you're right there and he's alive or she's alive.
  And they might scream, they might,  at least they don't wanna be scorpion  or they only just found out  they were gonna be scorpion head five seconds ago.
  Right, cause there's a wheel, you spin a wheel.
  Again, I'm getting ahead of myself.
  The wheel of creatures.
  The creature silhouette.
  The wheel of creatures.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Maybe you like this more than Jason is what I'm intuiting  or at least got more enjoyment out of.
  I definitely got more enjoyment out of going,  what are they gonna make the kids do?  Why are they letting the kids get so close to this?  This is horrible.
  Like this would have scared the shit out of me.
  Well, at some point I think there was like foam ball cannons  similar I saw to like curious, like other attract,  like light American gladiators.
  Like we're gonna make this harder for you.
  Obstacles, yeah.
  Cause that was the thing I had forgotten about Fear Factor  that they totally ripped off both Steve Jobs  and Lieutenant Columbo with the like,  and there's one more thing.
  Oh, whoa.
  I don't think, I think if that had been like,  if that was a Jeopardy clue I had to back into,  I don't think I would have realized there's kind of  a common thing between Steve Jobs and Columbo.
  Between all three.
  And Fear Factor.
  Yeah, and I don't, I mean obviously Columbo was first  and I think Steve Jobs used it in a different way.
  So I think it differentiates itself enough.
  But like-  It was not solving a mystery, no.
  Yeah, but as you're getting to,  cause Fear Factor is a TV,  I remember hating Fear Factor as a TV show when it was on.
  Like looking back I'm like, yeah this was a real,  I don't, I like a lot of trash.
  I don't often go in on the dumbing of America sort of thing.
  But it's like Fear Factor sucks.
  Fear Factor was like one of the panic shows done  in response to the hit that was Survivor.
  Like every network scrambled to have their own Survivor.
  Oh, sure, sure, sure.
  So like something, and this one,  like even like cheaper, I suppose.
  Where Survivor they gotta go somewhere cool to shoot it.
  This is how can we torture people but in a warehouse  in an awful deep downtown LA.
  Yeah, and even Rogan, like there was a thing  where he was like, this is gonna get canceled so quickly,  I bet I'll get some stories for standup.
  Like I saw that anecdote about him.
  I did a little bit of flipping through  because if you don't recall the show being on,  but there was a brief iteration on MTV  hosted by Ludacris that I never heard of until right now.
  But mainly this was on NBC and the host was Joe Rogan,  the most popular person on the planet Earth somehow  in like the last year and a half became the,  that King of All Media phrase  that Howard Stern used to throw around.
  I don't think he was even close.
  No.
  Yeah, Rogan is bigger than, how many podcasts the ride?  1,000.
  Yeah, I'm sure probably has to be.
  Apparently and like, I don't, I think I saw the clips  of Bernie Sanders on it and that it's the most  I've ever watched besides when he says something insane  and that gets clipped and uploaded on Twitter.
  But, and I don't really get recommended them  but I did see on the YouTube homepage,  like most popular ones recently and was like,  Joe Rogan episode 500, Jewel.
  It's like the singer Jewel and I was like,  what is going, what?  When you click on it as 1.
2 million views,  something with Jewel, yes, like the most relevant person,  Jewel, we're all thinking about Jewel  and what Jewel's up to or you know, Jim Brewer's the one.
  I always write, he's like a, he's a firestorm.
  Everyone's talking about Joe Rogan all the time, always.
  What did he do this week?  Like the way he had Jim Brewer on,  to tell his story about why he got let go from SNL.
  Has that ever been, I'm not sure he's ever told that anywhere.
  I'm not sure that's ever been discussed.
  Has anyone ever talked about their experience  working on SNL, let alone Jim Brewer?  I just feel like, yeah, no, everyone keeps that quiet.
  It's sort of a code thing.
  You're really not allowed to talk about it  outside of the halls.
  I'll say this though, that being said,  also he'll have like Robert Downey Jr.
 on.
  Like it's like, it doesn't, it goes wildly back and forth.
  It's not like he always has this niche people on.
  It's just like, oh yeah.
  It would not shock me if like Michelle Obama was on today  or something.
  Like if you go, Michelle Obama was on Joe Rogan today.
  Yeah, or like a, it's like the most famous people  in the world and then some Peter Thiel psycho.
  Then Jimmy Dore's on for a full week.
  The thought leaders of America, oh, they're all here.
  Yeah.
  Is your third thought leaders of America reference  in like three weeks?  I truly feel like I'm losing my mind.
  Like everything has gotten to the point where it's like,  oh good, I'm losing my mind again.
  Great, cool.
  Yeah.
  We've got to stay, well, this can flash you back  to Rogan 1.
0.
  The good old days.
  When he only has like two shows.
  He yelled at Carlos Mencia.
  He supervised people getting tortured.
  Extremely pleasant video.
  Very pleasant.
  Carlos Mencia exposure.
  Yes.
  He's screaming and then it gets too quiet to hear  and then music is louder than the screaming.
  Yeah.
  Now I watched it multiple times.
  Sure.
  I really like Mencia very much.
  So I was sort of like, all right, this is something.
  But then like, Rogan versus Mencia was one of those,  whoever wins, we lose.
  Sure, yeah.
  I'm not sure I like either side of this.
  But in 2000, he's only like a year out from News Radio,  which let's say is one of the best sitcoms.
  Yeah.
  He's got great Phil Hartman stories.
  I'll tell you that.
  I heard him tell some Phil Hartman stories.
  Obviously I'm such a Phil Hartman fan.
  I want to hear.
  Yeah.
  Also, like it's an inescapable algorithm.
  That's the other thing to say about Joe Rogan.
  That like right now, you the listener,  because we're on your phones and we're saying,  Joe Rogan, YouTube, a clip on YouTube of Joe Rogan.
  Joe Rogan clip, JRE, powerful JRE.
  But you're now going to get even five times more  Joe Rogan recommended to you  because of my voice than you would be anyway.
  You're really screwing everyone over here on the Patreon.
  So if you've been nice enough to support us,  you're now getting screwed over.
  You're getting like, I'm triggering ads  for something that we don't advertise or benefit from.
  But just all the algorithm's just addicted.
  I think by saying the word Joe Rogan,  my name just, or that name just traveled on the wind,  like to somebody two miles away  and they're getting an ad for it.
  It's true.
  Hopefully it will just pull up like my,  because it's podcast the riot  and the most viral I've ever been on Twitter  is when I clipped a Joe Rogan talking about avatar.
  Oh yeah, what was this again?  And basically, and I added it.
  He had been talking a little bit about avatar  and then he seemed like he was on a totally different topic  talking about a man.
  He went on and felt like a minute and a half  of talking about this man who felt like  you have to leave technology behind.
  So he went up, he took his family, he went into the woods  and he decided to live off the grid  and they lived off of the land.
  They grew things, they were one with nature  and he's going on and on for 90 seconds  and he goes, and that's what the Navi did as well.
  All of a sudden he takes a hard left turn  back into Avatar Town and it's so great.
  Is he just talking at a comedian friend?  I think so.
  I really remember how it started.
  They had started talking a little bit about avatar.
  I remember some people were like,  you selectively clipped this to make it seem  like he wasn't talking about avatar before I go,  yeah, but it really felt like he was done  talking about avatar.
  There's only two minutes on Twitter.
  You selectively edited this raw footage  to make it more consumable and funny  and give it a punchline.
  How dare you?  Yes, I think the algorithm suggested to me  like Joe Rogan talks about avatar, but maybe I'm wrong.
  I may be misremembering that.
  Seems like everybody's gonna get that clip now.
  He loves avatar.
  Wow.
  Fucking loves avatar.
  And isn't that one of those clues that tells you  that Avatar 2, whenever it comes out,  it's gonna be the biggest movie ever.
  Will it be weeks away from Haunted Mansion 5,  our episode, I don't know.
  We will determine this next year.
  Yeah.
  But Joe Rogan will be there and he will be  on all sorts of medication.
  Yes, HGH, testosterone pills.
  Still doing ivermectin just for fun.
  He's doing the cocktail, the COVID cocktail.
  Perk up.
  Preventative ivermectin.
  Yeah, now he took, you know what I really don't like?  I'm really annoyed when he is able to own people  because CNN reported that he took the horse,  because there's two ivermectins.
  There's the horse ivermectin  and there's the one they prescribed to humans  and his doctor prescribed him the real one.
  And then he had like Sanjay Goop done  and he just kept playing the clip from CNN  where they said he took the horse one.
  Yeah.
  Which is funny, but I get why he's like,  this is like irresponsible.
  Yeah.
 God damn it.
  I know, I know.
  I watched the video thinking like,  I'll find a reason to still be mad at Joe  and I'm like, ah, damn it.
  I think he's moving right now.
  So annoying.
  I'm so annoyed when he's like dunking on CNN,  although this happens all the time when I'm like,  so like I'm annoyed at Bill Nye  for not dunking on Tucker Carlson better.
  Come on.
  Believable, believable that he'd be taking the horse one.
  That says something.
  Yes and no.
  And also what quack doctor is prescribing the non-horse one.
  Well, I think a lot of doctors are prescribing it.
  Yeah, there's a lot of quacks in America.
  It's, yeah, sure.
  I mean, I think it's just, I don't know.
  It's just annoying to me.
  It's annoying.
  I got it.
  Yeah, but then the other, yeah, that was annoying.
  It's like just Mencia all over again.
  Both sides are annoying.
  I don't want to support Mencia,  but also this loud video about how he stole  everything is annoying.
  Rogan's annoying at Gupta,  but then you watch the clip and like,  Mr.
 Rogan, who took horse medicine?  Yes, I know.
  Let me say that again and underline it with my voice.
  Horse medicine.
  And like, it's not true.
  And even if it was true,  you're so annoying in the way you're.
  I know, I know.
  Everything's annoying.
  All things are.
  Everything's annoying all at once.
  I had a little Joe Rogan experience of my own.
  Really?  Also, Reese,  I think you guys were aware of this one and a half,  a couple of weeks ago where I was out with a couple friends  and I went to the bathroom and I checked Twitter really quick  and a friend and Doughboy's logo designer,  Chris VanArtsdelen had tweeted at me,  hey, you're on Rogan.
  And it was the video version of the show.
  There was the video feed of it.
  And there was a still that I did recognize of me  from a Funny or Die video from 10 years ago.
  And I wanted to go back out and see my friends  and not explore the full context of what was going on.
  But I had so many mentions and anytime at this point,  I checked Twitter and I have more than like two  on the little bell and like, well, canceled.
  So long everyone.
  So I guess I'll go home, pack up the family,  get out of town.
  And I was not canceled, but I was definitely like,  then I asked, I think I just responded like, oh God, why?  And somebody filled in the context,  which I mean, the context doesn't,  he was just playing a clip.
  He wanted to make fun of this real video  I was in a parody, it was making fun of it.
  And he played the parody and laughed at it,  cut it off not long after I appeared.
  And then said this thing about like,  like God, they couldn't do,  they'd never let you do this today.
  Like PC world, like this has never happened these days.
  I'm like, no, stop, don't any, I didn't even,  I didn't write it.
  I'm just in it for a second.
  I don't even want to want something with my face  anywhere near that conversation.
  Oh man, now I have to be,  now I'm fighting the PC police because of this thing.
  Now you're a hero.
  You're out, you're flying out to Chappelle's  hometown comedy gigs.
  I don't even want to.
  I'm there in all the photos with Louie and Jolena White.
  I don't even look happy.
  They made me cum.
  You're part of it.
  You're part of this now, Scott,  whether you like it or not.
  You're on, I, you're on, I-  There is a freedom fighter.
  You're on Regeneron and HGH and stuff too.
  Super spread and laughs.
  You're on the cocktail as well now.
  That's just it.
  That's just the case.
  They made me take it at the freedom ranch.
  The reality though is our podcast  is skyrocketing in popularity.
  If you could just get in this clique.
  Well, it's a point of view.
  Look, we're all sort of of the same,  you know, worldview a little bit.
  Like we're all, we're all just like 2% different  in our opinions about politics and new Star Wars.
  And that's about it.
  What we need is somebody who's like 70% different.
  Let's represent all other point of view.
  And that's what we, that's what we don't have.
  And that's what new Scott, when they make me have the,  when they, they do a fear factor test on me  and force me to have a lot of hyperventilator.
  We've injected this spider with Regeneron.
  We're going to unleash it in your mouth.
  Spider will sting you.
  You just shot it up.
  So it's gonna get bigger in there.
  It's gonna become radio.
  So I'm going to become a real life Spider-Man.
  Yes.
  As, as I consume the Regeneron spiders.
  Yes, yes, exactly.
  And if you can handle that, you can hang.
  No man, don't make me Bob Saget or whatever comedians  hang out with all these guys.
  Saget is cool.
  Scott, guess who's talking about Haunted Mansion  for Haunted Mansion five.
  Why look, his bestselling author and idiot  Senate candidate, JD Vance.
  He's a truth teller.
  And one of the dumbest people in America.
  He thinks the 900.
  JD's gonna, JD's gonna bring all perspective  to the Hatbox ghosts that we never would have had.
  Okay, JD Vance has run out of the room.
  He thought the ghosts were real.
  He's very dumb man.
  Well, very dumb man.
  Hey, check out the movie starring Glenn Close  and Amy Adams on Netflix.
  You lost me here.
  What is that?  Oh, this was an adaptation of Hillbilly Elegy,  directed by Ron Howard on Netflix.
  And now I'm sure everyone is distancing themselves  as he goes crazier and crazier on Twitter.
  Right, right.
  Well, yeah, look, it's, what I'm saying is I lived a fear.
  I had a fear factor moment, which is worried,  seeing in a blur, seeing my name next to Rogan on Twitter  and worried I'd been canceled.
  This guy.
  That's a modern fear.
  There's no bug I could eat.
  There's no like, there's no scorpion I'm more afraid of.
  Who would be canceled?  It would be funny.
  He's like, he's like sitting there with,  he's sitting there with like the most,  like Tom Cruise or something, but you'll be canceled.
  It's like my guy, Scott Gardner here.
  I love all this stuff.
  They never let Scott Gardner specifically,  and I'm not worried about the dozens of other people  in this whole video.
  Scott Gardner would never be able to do this today.
  Have you heard his podcast?  Dude, he fucking, oh, he fucking goes there, dude.
  Dude, for real, seriously.
  Wait, I had a little, here, I'd been thinking about this  of like what, because knowing that Rogan  was gonna be talked about for a while on this,  I was like, what am I really,  am I bothered by anything specifically that it's like,  and I'm sure there's, you could point me to the examples  of things that are upsetting and bad on his show,  but I feel like it's like, it's the tone more than anything.
  And I wanted to do a little experiment,  which is if Joe Rogan was the fourth co-host of this show,  I can't say this is, I could do an impression,  but I think I can get the vibe.
  And this is what I think is weird to me about  that this is the most popular thing on earth.
  So Mike, will you just give me a ride, any ride?  Sure, Secret Life of Pets.
  Dude, have you fucking done Secret Life of Pets?  Dude, that shit's fucking insane.
  They actually turn you into, they have like a machine  that turns you into a pet and shit.
  And then you're riding around  and like you're gonna get fucking adopted,  it's fucking crazy, dude.
  You gotta fucking do that shit.
  Jason, what's a ride you've done lately?  Oh, gosh, well of course I rode my beloved  Mark Twain riverboat a few weeks ago.
  Oh, dude, Mark Twain, fucking insane,  it's like a fucking trip into the past, dude.
  Dude, it's like you literally go back  into the 1800s or whatever.
  That shit's insane, like,  and they'd never let you do that shit today.
  Like Mark Twain, they're kids,  like, they're not letting kids read Mark Twain.
  So they're not gonna be letting people  go on that riverboat soon.
  That's fucking crazy, dude.
  I noticed as you were speaking,  every can of beer you ever drunk is on a shelf above you,  like a freshman dorm room, has appeared,  just materialized.
  Is it, I can't, well, I'm having trouble seeing it  through the thick fog of smoke that is in this room  from joints and cigars combined.
  Oh, yeah, Elon.
  Let me see if, yeah, there's a couple,  yeah, there's some beer cans up here.
  Elon's took such a big hit.
  His smoke is still lingering all these years later.
  Dude, it's still him from fucking seven months ago, dude.
  It's just fucking insane.
  He left such a fucking cloud of smoke.
  You ever seen Phantasmic, dude?  That shit's, like, that's pyro,  that pyro's off the fucking hood, bro.
  Jamie, Jamie, pull up a clip of Phantasmic.
  Dude, you gotta see, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, pull it up.
  No, that's not, no, no, you put in Phantastic,  it's Phantasmic.
  You're gonna, dude, you're gonna freak out.
  Dude, Andy Dick, you're gonna go nuts  when you see Phantasmic, Mickey fights a dra,  like a literal dragon, it's like he's on fucking Iowaska,  dude.
  And scene.
  Walter Cronkite, Joe Rogan, the two most trusted  men of opinion in America.
  Andy Dick also escorted out of,  escorted out of the Rogan studio.
  Miraculous, first, first, first one to do that.
  First one to do that.
  He gets himself kicked out of a place.
  If he enters a building, he's, he's showing the exit.
  He will be forced out, yes.
  Trouble man, shouldn't joke.
  I don't know, maybe we might already have,  if maybe if we clip that segment,  that we might already have more listeners already  because I finally got rid of my hoity-toity tone  I usually have and I finally spoke to the real guys.
  I've said it many times that if we just said,  if we just had a podcast that sounded like that,  we would be 10 times more popular.
  That's what we're like.
  Female listenership disappears entirely,  male listenership goes, yes, 600%.
  It's like, yeah, these guys are cool.
  This is comfortable to my masculinity.
  This is so comfortable.
  Like that's really, I honestly, I think that's the big deal.
  It's like, he is so comfortable to traditional masculinity  that people are like, cool, I can go down a weird,  like longevity scientist rabbit hole with him.
  Like, like I'll go along on this journey  because of how security makes me feel.
  Is that what traditional masculinity is?  Well, I think he, oh my God.
  You're fucking Jack, dude.
  Yeah, it's like having like the biggest shoulders,  the bigger the traps, the bigger shoulders.
  You know.
  DMT.
  DMT, psychedelics, yeah, all that stuff.
  Face puff.
  Nobody on TV, none of the late night hosts  are traditionally masculine like that.
  Do you know what I'm saying?  Right, yeah.
  These are like theater boys, you know.
  Yeah, Colbert is jumping around doing his space work.
  Exactly.
  This is-  Appreciating theater.
  There's never been-  Not Rogan, Rogan has never seen, will never see a play.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's never been that guy before  on T, like a late night host, really.
  I mean, who's, I don't know,  can you even get a guy who's close?  What if you asked him like,  hey Joe, what's your favorite poem?  What was that word?  Did you just like sneeze or something?  What was it, what the fuck was that?  It was like a short, like a little short,  like a little short, a really short, short story.
  See, we're getting into dangerous territory here  because then you're gonna say book  and then you're gonna ask me  and then I'm gonna look like a fucking idiot.
  No, no, no, Michael, no,  I won't put you on the spot like that.
  Yeah, no, we do the same, the exact same bit  with no dialect change.
  If you asked me, Scott, what my favorite poem is.
  That's fine, that's fine.
  Does Grim Grin and Ghost count as a poem?  That's what the ghost toast says count as a poem.
  But I think even just connecting poetry to verse, to song,  I think you're already a step a mile ahead of him.
  You know what though, if I could go back,  one of the things I was gonna say  when we started talking about Rogan is that I did,  I watched a video where I did laugh at  the way that he framed a fear factor story,  which is he was talking about his reticence to go back  and to do it and now it's kind of purely for the money  and then he regretted it right away  and now it's tough to get through something,  it's just for the money.
  And then he said, and then we got canceled  from making people drink donkey jizz.
  Now is that?  And I was like, wow, hearing that,  all right, maybe I've heard this before,  but I wasn't sure and it sounded familiar.
  And then, yeah, so the second iteration of it  went off the air because the word leaked on TMZ  that they did a stunt where people had,  you threw horseshoes towards buckets  and then whatever your horseshoe landed near,  you had to drink and one was donkey urine  and one was donkey jizz.
  Yeah, I found an article on Screen Rant,  I don't know, I mean, I guess it's more than movies,  but it's the top 10 grossest things  they ever did on Fear Factor.
  This being number one and the headline for their number one  is The Time They Went Too Far,  which I really like the way they phrased that  and apparently, yeah, it did not air.
  Yeah, and the reason it exists seemingly to watch  is that it aired on Danish television.
  No!  So it got through them, it leaked into Europe,  so there is footage of it, but it's, yeah,  which brings us to the sort of hellish nature of the show  and not just that, but also,  this is one of my qualms with it in general was  some of these things are a little too specific  to call it a fear.
  Yeah.
  I can't say I would have even,  it never would have occurred to me  that there would have been a moment  where I had to drink multiple gallons of donkey semen.
  So I know I'm not afraid of that  because I sort of doubt it's gonna happen.
  But it is, I think you would have immediate fear.
  If it, you're right, if it, here it is.
  Sudden fear.
  Do it, yeah.
  Yeah, it's not a long-standing fear.
  I mean, most of the stuff on this top 10 list  is not a long-standing fear of mine,  or I guess some, yeah, most of it's not.
  Mm-hmm.
  What's of interest on the list?  Well, number 10 is bobbing in cow blood.
  There's like a big bathtub.
  This looks like a fake, this looks fake  like in a horror movie.
  There's a big bathtub of cow's blood  and they'd have to dunk themselves, their head into it  to retrieve rings from the bottom.
  There were 13 rings in all,  so they had to submerge into the blood over and over.
  That's pretty bad.
  I don't wanna be in a lot of blood.
  Yeah.
  Really, yeah.
  That's up there for me.
  Let's see here.
  Eight, they had to milk a goat with their own mouths.
  I don't, yeah, these are like bizarre,  like being the story, like the person,  the contest or the game generator for this show  must have been very odd.
  So much of it is like,  should we call it gross factor or something?  Yeah.
  Because like here I get heights,  those are the traditional ones, and spiders, sure.
  I don't have a, I don't technically have like  a fear of scorpions, but I would have one,  a fear of them if they were on my face.
  Wasps, there's one in the garage right now  where maybe face, let's just,  I guess we'll just eat it is the way out of this.
  Yeah.
  So if the wasp gets close to you, just eat it.
  Number six, they made contestants eat horse rectum.
  A little of this comes in in the Universal.
  There's some gross out eating.
  Right, yes, for sure.
  In like one of the mini games in the Universal show.
  Yes, it's not a long standing fear of mine,  but I would be very afraid of it.
  Team challenge, this is just the preamble.
  Basically, in this season seven installment,  one team member had to sit in a bathtub full of leeches.
  Some were in tears as the creatures  crawled all over their skin.
  Their partners had it worse because their goal  was to suck the leeches off of them.
  Jesus Christ.
  Once they sucked the leeches out, wait, just wait,  they had to eat them.
  Wait, just wait.
  The gross moment came when one of the leeches  latched onto someone's throat.
  It caused him to cough up the leech  along with a fair amount of blood.
  So I am afraid of that now.
  I am, yeah.
  I, oh.
  Now that's how they would have cured COVID in the year 800.
  Yeah, I think we're all gonna try.
  They might be right.
  And into as, yeah, they might.
  We're all gonna try a couple leeches.
  Why not?  I got a leech guy from Fear Factor.
  I got a leech guy.
  You just gotta balance your humors, bro.
  You've got too much black bile and not enough yellow bile.
  Vitamin D and leeches, bro.
  That's what really is kind of the cure.
  That's fucking better than getting the shot.
  That's like, I'm gonna be, and plus I'm strong.
  So I got leeches, I'm strong.
  I'm not gonna get it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's the other, the show was confusing.
  First off, I didn't realize it was based on a Dutch show  called Now or Neverland, which is weird in its own naming.
  But like, the show and the Universal show is weird  in the way to where it splits the difference.
  It's like gross out stuff like this.
  And it's like jump from one shipping container  to another 10 stories up.
  It's like, so wait, it's half stunts.
  And then it's like, I feel like this came up recently,  like hands on a hard body.
  Some endurance test.
  Endurance, like gross out endurance.
  Yeah, this is the only theme park attraction  I can think of that involves both live animal  and dead animal carcasses involved.
  Like, and scorpions, the scorpions and the mini game.
  Yeah, so they put, so probably a poor thing  they did in the show and the thing they did on the episodes,  they would put you in like a box,  and your head in a box and then dump shit in there.
  Yeah.
  Bees, rats, it's all, yeah.
  Over and over again, I go, was this show was popular?  This show was successful.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It is gross.
  I mean, I get, I kinda get it just cause it's one,  it's a similar thing to like horror movies  where it's like, there's something that your brain,  you wanna look at something truly grotesque.
  There's something, I mean, not everybody,  but a lot of people, there's something inside our brains  that's just like, oh God, but you do wanna look at rats  climbing all over a person.
  But why did this happen then?  Why did all, why did TV become so thoroughly this?  What year, is it 2005?  Was it just that the sitcoms got bad?  No, it was just cheap.
  It was 2000.
 Cheap in the reality show rise  of the 2000s.
 Yeah, Survivor  was such a massive hit, like all these things kept hitting  that no one first saw this Survivor  who wants to be a millionaire.
  So then you get like Fear Factor,  you get the American version of the weakest link,  which shows stuff more popular in Britain.
  Yeah.
 In a much meaner time,  I mean the 90s and the 2000s, a much meaner time.
  Meaner.
 Punishing.
  Like now you look at American Idol or something,  I could be wrong, like the judges aren't mean anymore.
  Everybody's like so nice.
  You used to be like Simon would be the mean,  there'd be always be like Piers Morgan was the mean judge.
  But now like everyone's nice.
  Like there's a different, I feel like there's a different  vibe going on in like television and reality.
  Because the meanest judge, a literal mean reality judge  got elected president.
  Yes, that's true.
 So we had to go,  we went so far the other way.
  Now we like, we all have to live under a mean judge.
  So meaner than Frollo himself.
  And, you know, so everything had to get like,  everything's mega positive, which is not the worst outcome  because yeah, he's the worst thing that came out of that.
  That era.
 Yeah.
  So now I assume Simon Cowell is like,  I thought everyone was great.
  Everyone was so perfect.
 I loved it.
  He's like, I don't know if that's the case,  but I feel like it is.
 It's gone.
  So yeah, it was a darker time.
  It is a darker time.
  And I think we're missing a big thing.
  Reality TV compared to scripted TV, dirt cheap.
  A lot of unions not involved.
  I worked in reality TV for like a year  when I first moved out here,  coincided with the writer's strike of 2007, 2008.
  They were just grinding out shit.
  Like everything was dirt cheap,  corners cut, people working, a 12 hour days at best.
  If not, I worked a 21 hour day,  insane, just violating every safety thing under the sun.
  You did that?  Yes.
  This is a different time for Jason too.
  Yeah, for American gladiators.
  But then people are working insane days to grind out,  are you smarter than a fifth grader?  Yeah.
  Like the bleakest shit.
  Some of the dumbest.
  Yeah, again, I've talked about this before  and I felt a little bad about it afterwards.
  And then recent events have made me go like,  oh no, there was really dangerous and stupid people  in charge of stuff and they just didn't give a shit.
  And yeah, awful, awful world.
  I'm assuming a little better now reality TV.
  Better to watch, I understand the Vanderpumps  and the Below Decks,  because it's just like, oh, you're watching asocial freaks.
  You're watching these maniacs.
  Like, yes, this is entertaining.
  Right, right.
  So you're American gladiators, you worked 20 hours,  what were you trying to finish up shooting  on American gladiators for 21 hours?  It was just, they didn't like, they're like,  oh, we'll bring in hundreds of people  in a soundstage filled with bleachers  and they'll just want to hang out all this time.
  They'll be so entertained watching the same event  a dozen times so we can be.
  So it was just a block TV taping.
  It was just a block TV taping.
  Everything was disorganized.
  The SOTY picture safety department shut down stuff  because they were like, oh, we'll just hold people  in the parking garage.
  And they're like, no, this is an active parking garage.
  You're done, you're done for the day.
  Like the operations department kept shutting shit down.
  Yeah, so I'm trying to remember,  what was the, I hate to steer this in the light.
  What were the names of the gladiators again?  I mean, they were all nice.
  They were all nice.
  Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not trying to blame the gladiators.
  Wolf was like the biggest sweetheart.
  I feel like I cannot remember any of the other names.
  Cruncho.
  Of the Cruncho, Gina Carano.
  Squibby.
  Squibby.
  Got it.
  All sweethearts got all fun.
  Except, yeah, I don't think I ever met her, met her,  but she was one of the gladiators.
  This is before the Soderbergh movie,  before the Mandalorian and before the turn.
  But she was one of them.
  I think this must have come up.
  I think it did, yeah.
  I think it did come up, I said the same thing.
  Oh, I was surprised by that and I forgot about it in time.
  This thing, the live show, which is a,  it is this weird, it's a little gladiator-ish  because how do you, you can't just do gross out stuff  all the time, and it's gotta be something  they can do over and over again.
  It's a little bit like a scary adult double dare,  in a way, it's sort of like obstacle courses.
  And relay races, but with edge.
  Bungie harnesses are a big part of it, in a way,  I feel like we're kind of secondary nature on the TV show.
  Like, there is safety, but here they're like,  well, if you fall, you're gonna get caught immediately  by a very secure bungie.
  Yeah, I'd say that, and I guess I saw reviews of it,  of people who saw it who were kind of like,  yeah, it was like, it was fun format-wise  and something different, and that they're,  the way they're filming it, and the camera  that's getting you up close to the gross stuff,  but that ultimately, how many times do you wanna go back  and see five random guys hang from a pole?  It's so visually, like, it's not that interesting visually.
  Yes, it's a pretty not dynamic start.
  And then any of these ending competitions  seemed sort of not particularly thrilling.
  I watched a video of the Hollywood version,  which was indoors, the other one's a little more open air,  amphitheater, this was in the castle theater,  which is still there, which is sort of a cursed venue,  I feel, this was between, what was the, it was-  Replace the Spider-Man musical.
  Replace the Spider-Man musical.
  Yes, before Julie Tamar did it.
  And preceded Creature from the Black Lagoon, the musical,  which this has maybe come up before,  this happened when I worked there,  and all the employees were invited to go see  Creature from the Black Lagoon, the musical,  it was tough for even the universal lackeys  to put a good face on it.
  Like there was some, like everybody who saw  the corporatey people were like,  well, that was different, wasn't it?  They're taking a swing, aren't they?  Pretty, we'll have to visit that.
  At some unpleasant point.
  Anyway, all that to say, it was in this castle theater venue,  and they, these shows, the Florida one, as we said,  kind of tried to reuse infrastructure of what replaced it,  and since all of the things in this venue prior,  like Spider-Man Rocks, or the Beetlejuice show,  or the Conan the Barbarian stunt show,  like it was a venue made for pyrotechnics,  all right, so it's like strung up,  it's rigged up for pyro up along the wall,  so we gotta get pyro involved.
  Why exactly?  I don't know, okay, so the contestants have to make  electricity via weird bike machines, like proto-pelotons,  so they have to pedal really, really fast,  and then the one who doesn't make enough power  gets yanked back on a bungee cord, we're using that again.
  And then the other one wins, they fill up a fake meter  of power, and then it causes pyro to go off  all over the room.
  Why, and was that a fear?  Is it the fear of getting electrocuted,  of having to work for the power company?  Yeah, like sparked by a JoyBuzzer level,  shocked by a JoyBuzzer, and then the pyro also is like  weak welding sparks.
  It's not like Indiana Jones stunt show level pyro.
  It's what just is like incidentally going off  in the background of a bad boy music video,  like just on the ground, you aren't even thinking about that,  you're looking at the dancers and the wet down floor  and the costumes, so like of course there's sparks,  I'm not even looking at the sparks.
  I mean, it feels like the budget wasn't so high  and they were just like, we gotta make something visually  interesting out of this, and we're just gonna do our,  because yeah, what is that?  It doesn't really make sense, but it's also,  the show premise of it being a fear is sort of flawed too,  already, so it's like, I don't know.
  It's a little out of the place.
  Not to, I don't know if it's a problem to cut to the end  here, but on this topic of using what was there before,  the video I saw and probably the video you guys saw  had the grand finale of the Florida version  where there's something going on with,  okay, the one I saw involved your like,  there's two cars that are getting slowly elevated.
  Again, I did see this in person, it was bewildering.
  For one thing, I always loved the Wild Wild West on show.
  It moved at a great pace.
  Well, yeah.
  It was very exciting.
  Any Wild West stunt show is better than Fear Factor Live.
  Oh yeah.
  There's no way it's not.
  If you got the guy falling off the railing, doing the flip,  if that happens, perfect, better than anything  in Fear Factor.
  Falling into a well, the sort of like,  between the big scene, like the guys messing around  and the audience, the little clown bits.
  Yes.
 Great.
  We've talked about, I'd say very little old West stunt shows  which this is a genre of, there's like 400 of them.
  Oh yeah.
  Or have been across this country.
  There's the one at Knott's Berry Farm that I enjoy  that has to compete with the sound  of a roller coaster passing by.
  That's probably the thing at Six Flags a lot too.
  It's, all right, really project guys,  really make sure you're loud.
  There's people, there will be people screaming  on top of you every 10 seconds.
  It rattles the theater every six or four minutes  or whatever it is when those cars blow by.
  Hard to ignore.
 Very funny.
  So yeah, it's using this venue  that was this Wild West stunt show  and you can kind of tell when at the end  there's a big pyro blast and then on the back wall  of whatever this set is supposed to be,  a huge, like the entire wall of this little building facade  comes down and lands right on top of a person.
  Oh my God, they'll be crushed to death.
  That's it for them.
  No, no, no.
  There is a window exactly in the area  where they were standing and they went,  the window went right through them.
  So like the thing Buster Keaton is famous for,  like clearly, no matter how you paint it,  I know this is what, and I can only assume,  I don't have that Wild West show memorized,  but I can only assume that that's what it culminated in  was the Buster Keaton Wild West window.
  Any episodes of the Fear Factor TV show  where someone's like, hey, I'm Mike,  I'm from Chicago, Illinois,  and my biggest fear is being crushed  by a house Buster Keaton style.
  Rest in peace Buster Keaton.
  I love you Buster.
  Rest in peace, I love you,  would have loved to do a collab with you.
  I'm gonna be pulled by a train, by my pants.
  Shout out to Buster.
  Oh Buster, love when you showed up in the poker scene  of Sunset Boulevard with all the other weird old creeps.
  I'm gonna take the dangling off  of a big clock hand challenge.
  This is the dangling off the big clock hand challenge.
  Ba ba ba bam.
  For raising money for causes, unclear what the cause is.
  Buster Keaton presents Fear Factor.
  Maybe that's kind of the way to bring it back.
  Oh man.
  It's all classic Keaton stuff.
  Well when did all his things happen?  I know there's like a 20 year itch.
  Is there a 100 year itch?  110 year itch?  110 year itch I think.
  People wanna see old silent film hijinks  on reality, on Merced Reality TV?  Is that the next TikTok,  like as we're coming off the weeks when Vox is like,  the mountain goats are huge on TikTok right now.
  Oh right, right, yeah.
  Buster Keaton running in front of the train,  it's very popular.
  I kind of believe, and I'm sure Joe Rogan's  interviewed a scientist that has the same theory,  that in the next like 100 years,  all of a sudden there'll just be an article  that says like Buster Keaton is back,  and it's just he's alive again,  and we have to figure out how that happened.
  Like scientists are bringing.
  Oh not even, oh not the trend of his comedy.
  He's back.
  Buster Keaton is alive.
  That'll be like in a morning we'll wake up  and there'll be just some dead person that's alive again,  and we'll be like they figured it out,  and the first one they brought back was Buster Keaton,  and he's back, and oh look at this,  he's already in the hospital,  he's doing stunts on the roof.
  This is a storyline in the current X-Men comics  where the humans are like,  hey weren't a bunch of these guys dead  that are like hanging out?  Who's the X-Men that can lay eggs?  Or is that the, there's a whole like,  X-Men are like hatching out of eggs, reborn.
  Yeah, well there's five of them that help with that process.
  I forget, I read all of it two years ago,  and I can't remember.
  The chicken lady, it's from Kids in the Hall.
  It's the second lady.
  From the Kids in the Hall.
  More chicken ladies in X-Men now?  I feel like we're underselling how weird  that final challenge of the Fear Factor live show is.
  There's two, like.
  So, okay, so you had to climb the fake facade  of the old West Hound to get flags.
  You're knocking off flags, similar to Double Dare.
  Then you slide down a fireman's pole.
  Then you each get in a yellow convertible.
  Start it, do not get out of the car  until it's gonna be raised like 20 feet in the air.
  By wires, what's happening?  By wires.
  Pull it up.
  Pull it up, do not move from the driver's seat  until you're told you can.
  And then you have to climb to the front and the back  and get more flags.
  And get more flags, and is it also,  it's not raining during all this.
  They didn't combine this with rain.
  Cause some of the challenges have rain,  like water's pouring on.
  I don't think so.
  But if you fall off the front of the car,  which is slightly tilted, you're out.
  And then if you can get to the back seat of the car,  there's a rocket launcher.
  The rocket launcher blows up a center target  that causes the facade to fall down.
  Again, we should say it falls,  but it falls one third of the speed  as it fell at the stunt show.
  Probably because the master of ceremony's host  is not a trained stunt performer,  like the cowboys in the stunt show.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So you can't be as dangerous.
  Yeah.
  You might not handle, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Weird.
  Yeah, you know, your fear of being made to climb a building,  get flags, get into a car, stay in the car,  then get out of the car, go on the hood in the back.
  That's the fear we all have.
  That's the fear we all have.
  We all share it.
  It's as if like, there's things in Mario  that are scary to do, but my,  I've never thought that a fear would be  to go in and out of pipes and have little guys  that look like hamburgers go at like,  like that I have to stomp on and then hit my head on a block  and a shell is coming at me.
  It's not, it might be scary.
  I don't know if it's a fear.
  Well, you'll be able to live your fear  in May of next year, probably.
  Oh, that's true.
  You're gonna have to actually do that for real.
  I'm not afraid of, although as you know,  maybe if there is like the,  if there's a big thing in Mario, I might be afraid.
  Did anybody else, I just threw that out there  and it sounded weird as soon as I said it.
  I really thought that the Goombas looked like hamburgers,  like basic McDonald's hamburgers.
  You know what, I think,  I don't think that's that weird.
  I can say it.
 I don't think that's that weird.
  I think- Is it food stuff in Mario?  Yeah, I don't think it's that weird.
  I don't know, maybe I did, man.
  I was like, oh, there's a hamburger coming.
  Wait, I have to, I'm not supposed to eat it?  I gotta kill the hamburger?  I think you're onto something there.
  I don't know that I,  I don't have a memory of being a hamburger,  but I remember being confused by it.
  You know what, actually, now that I'm thinking about it,  the real reason I'm thinking hamburger Goomba  is because of the McDonald's toys that you got,  which was a Goomba and it would like spring load  and it would flip, I believe.
  So maybe that's why I'm thinking hamburger.
  Oh yeah, those are cool.
  But I definitely misidentified  a lot of the different Mario enemies,  or like the, I don't know what you call them, lackeys?  I don't know.
  Sure.
  But yeah.
  Baddies.
  Baddies?  I guess I wouldn't call it that.
  There's a, in Mario 2, Birdo, Birdo hits,  shoots the eggs out of her snout.
  Yeah.
  So you got that.
  Snout, I guess.
  Well, what else would it be?  Bird, was it, wait, was Birdo a bird though?  No, Birdo's like a weird dinosaur or something.
  I guess it'd be a snout.
  Yeah, it's gotta be, it's a snout.
  I suppose so.
  I could say mouth, I suppose,  but it's fully nose and mouth.
  I don't know if it is a snout,  because it's not a different color.
  I think it's a mouth.
  When I looked it up, Birdo's are dinosaur-like creatures  with large snouts.
  There you go.
  I mean, you just use snout in your day-to-day  a lot more than I do.
  Well, you know what?  I actually use snoot a lot more.
  Yeah, I know, that too.
  I was surprised that one wasn't snoot.
  Well, I say, yeah, I use snoot so much at home.
  It's nice to use snout when I'm out in the public,  in the public and the real world.
  So.
  Why is Birdo hated?  That's a big question, Google.
  Yeah.
  He's blasting me with eggs all the time.
  She is.
  Birdo?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's what I said.
  Not a short answer.
  It seems complicated.
  Yeah.
  And then a giant list of bad qualities and good qualities.
  We're gonna do-  Birdo has seven bad qualities, four good qualities.
  The last bad quality is he or she  has little to no personality.
  Oh, man.
 Maybe a little.
  Oh, man.
 That's a little cruel.
  Birdo has a little personality.
  We really, we really, because we've teased,  we've teased so many new episodes lately.
  We've teased a full Koopa Kids episode recently too.
  Oh, that's right.
  We probably should do it all in a chunk  when Nintendo Land opens out here,  hopefully like around Memorial Day.
  Oh yeah, it's like the ancillary Mario content.
  That's a great idea.
  That's fun.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We'll try to get-  We'll go Mario event.
  Try to get their opening day.
  Why not?  Maybe.
  Sure.
  But it'll probably soft open a bunch like Harry Potter did.
  Sure.
  So we'll stalk it.
  Anyways, yeah, very strange game.
  There's a thing in the middle where you gotta,  it's similar, it's running back and forth,  at least in the Hollywood world.
  Maybe you guys didn't see this.
  I saw one in Hollywood where you gotta get flags  and you gotta get them out of a tank that's full of eels.
  That's in Florida.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They're flexing.
  Then you have to, well, this is a big thing in a lot of them.
  So we gotta talk about this.
  You have to, there is a, you do a big relay race,  you're running back and forth.
  Maybe there's kids shooting cannons at you,  whatever the obstacles are.
  Either way, it's difficult, it's confusing,  but at the end, you have the biggest challenge of all,  which is that you have to chug a weird concoction  that I think that there's a fake out to it,  at least in the video I saw,  where they say, audience, do you want the one  that is full of dead fish guts marinated in pig juice?  Or do you want the one that's like a bunch of bugs  or something?  And then they cheer and then like, well, who wants both?  And then they combine them.
  Right.
  And then they top it off with sour milk,  which here's really where you're gonna do this.
  Imagine doing this more than once at Universal Studios,  going and watching people chug just that part.
  Actually, just the sour milk almost bothers me more  than all of the bug stuff.
  Yeah.
  Well, right, cause actually like bugs are food.
  Regardless of-  Maybe nutrition, if you can get past that, it's gross.
  Right.
  Just cause of the way they look.
  But yes, sour milk.
  I mean, also, is it really sour milk?  Is it really sour?  Maybe not, maybe not.
  Like there's no way they're feeding guests  like milk that will literally make them ill.
  I mean, this would make anyone ill  just cause of like the psychological factor  of eating bugs if you don't eat bugs.
  But very small cups in the Orlando,  like they had to chug.
  Yeah, but I bet sour milk is like buttermilk.
  I have a feeling technically in the way that like,  yeah, if you let something or it becomes cheese,  maybe it's like a, it's something it's just, it's brie.
  They put a bunch of brie in a blender.
  Cause this has to be theme park safe.
  Like you can't really have it,  like people getting violently ill.
  No, I mean, the mini games,  first of all, the mini games are pretty boring.
  A lot of this is very boring.
  And the three big events are all right.
  The audience seems into it,  but the audience largely seems dead.
  Like very quiet.
  There in one of the videos, like 15 people,  a dozen people get up and leave before the final event.
  And like, you can see that because the camera,  like they stand up there in the rows in front of the camera  and they're like, let's get out of here before it's over.
  Like clearly not entertained because it takes so long  to safely set up all of these complicated, bizarre events.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I thought honestly, I would just,  the first thing I did preparing for this  was watch the 2016 one.
  And I at first thought that everyone involved was plants  except for like the kids.
  Because in the 2016 one, they only have three contestants.
  In the 2019, there's like six people that are hanging.
  So during slow times, there would only be three.
  Right.
 So they only have three dudes.
  And the first two guys,  cause they put them up on the screen,  they do it like the show.
  They have people go, hey, I'm so and so from wherever.
  And the first two guys, the one, the video goes,  hey, I'm Nick from Utica, New York  and I'm ready to win on fear factor or whatever.
  And the next guy goes, hi, I'm Nick from Utica, New York.
  I'm gonna win cause I'm from New York.
  And I was like, oh, is it, it's gotta be a bit, right?  And then the next guy was from some other place  and he was just like, I wanna win to prove to my kids  I'm not too old.
  And I was like, oh, that's good.
  And I'm watching this clip going,  oh, look at the subtle acting these guys are doing.
  Cause that I see like the little smile,  like he seems like he's nervous,  but he must do this all the time.
  And I was like, oh, I guess that's not what it was.
  I could see, but I don't know a lot of it being plants.
  It could be plants.
  They're really getting enough volunteers  to do a bunch of shows every day for this thing.
  Yeah, cause they had to, I saw they had to get  for like the main challenges, they had to like, you know,  check people out a while beforehand  and for the little mini challenges,  you could do it like 20, 30 minutes before the show.
  Right.
  Yeah, so they had like, I was, yeah,  reading about where you could check in for the challenges,  but I, yeah, I was like, are they real?  Cause there's not a, again, for some reason,  even the top heavy hitters of theme park,  like history and research did have not really gone hard  on Fear Factor Live.
  So I was like, is there ever plants  or they just got like one of their stunt performers to go,  yeah, just hang up there for a little while.
  Then they did have to spend money for like animal handlers.
  Like someone- Sure, there's so many different animals.
  So many different animals.
  First off, some of those eels definitely ate it.
  Like someone definitely like punched an eel  or like fucked up an eel or something.
  How durable is an eel, do you think?  I think they're pretty, they are pretty durable,  but like the scorpions, they are so gingerly placing them  on the head and taking them off the head,  I suppose not to agitate them,  but they must've had to have anti-venom standing by, right?  Or like, is there a way to,  you don't wanna de-fang or de-venom  like any animal that's cruel, you know?  The idea that they have anti-venom hanging around  is really funny.
  Well, if someone just starts getting stung by scorpion,  like a guest- But they can't,  this is a theme park.
  There's no way there's a good chance,  even a 10% chance that the scorpion  is just gonna start stinging a guest.
  There's no way.
  So either it has to be a real guest  and then somebody's gonna say we're idiots  and they're gonna blow the whole lid off,  hopefully they'll message us,  but like there's just no way  that either what you're saying,  they've de-venomed, de-clawed every one of these animals  or there's just no way it's anti-venom.
  We got the anti-venom of this poor mom  who's here for her one trip out of every 10 years,  gets fucked up by our scorpion.
  Well, it's like how a lot of places in LA,  like veterinarian hospital,  but like places have anti-venom for rattlesnakes.
  Well, sure, I'm saying you're right,  it makes sense to do that.
  I'm just saying that logistically,  this is madness of universal studio.
  This isn't Six Flags, this is universal.
  They're not gonna have even a chance  that somebody gets stung in the face.
  That's fair.
  That's what I'm saying.
  So I'm suspicious of some of this still,  but according to the literature,  you could sign up for stuff like this.
  I just was like, anti-venom, is that right?  And I guess so, because there was recently  the first ever FDA approved scorpion anti-venom  and it's called Anascorp.
  Well, look, we know Joe Rogan took Anascorp also for COVID.
  Yeah, dude, take an Anascorp.
  I took Anascorp, I took.
.
.
  For general.
.
.
  Doctor prescribed.
  No, it's the anti-scorp, no, I didn't,  it's not medicine for scorpions,  it's medicine for people who get bit by scorpions.
  You fucking lied, they lied on the air.
  There's two versions of it, okay?  I might be showing my ignorance too.
  Someone in the Southwest listening might,  this could be a thing where it's like,  oh no, scorpions are really like fire ants  where if you're a full, like a healthy adult,  it would sting and it would suck,  but like you'll be fine as long as you're.
.
.
  There's no way they're letting people  get stung by scorpions though, there's no way.
  Scorpions, I'm saying scorpions might be like quicksand  in kids movies where it's like,  oh, it's not gonna kill you, it's fine.
  You're acknowledging that you may not know  everything about scorpions.
  Yeah.
  Which I hear you, I don't know anything about scorpions.
  I mean, I know the band.
.
.
  I'm just saying there's no.
.
.
  I'm doing my own research about scorpions.
  I'm trying to find out what I wanna find out,  but you gotta be careful where you're getting your info.
  DYOR about scorpions is what we're saying,  but I'm just saying that it's,  I would think that I would be more willing  as like a lawyer at Universal to put people  in a harness three stories up,  but even that to me is a little bit like,  some guy's gonna freak out in a harness up there.
  We saw what happened to me on the Minotaur.
  You know what I mean?  Like you don't wanna have like dad having a mental,  like a nervous breakdown, I like when he's hanging.
  So I'm, I don't know.
  I am suspicious.
  And your old thing was being concerned  that there wasn't anti-Minotaur.
  Anti-Minotaur, anti-Minotaur.
  Anti-Min.
  Anti-Min.
  Anti-Min, yeah.
  Anti-Min.
  Anti-Min.
  Do you have anti-Min on hand?  Excuse me.
  I have a quick question.
  I think it might like take the Minotaur  and shrink it down till it was just like the size of a puppy.
  So then it wasn't a threat anymore.
  Like this big, it's like the Star Trek.
  They would like shoot it right into your neck.
  Like the hypo spray and stuff.
  You were very concerned that there were other like  creatures of legend in that,  like there's no oracles back there, right?  There's no like.
  Are there trolls?  Are there?  Do I have to guess anyone's name  or else they take my child or dog or.
  Or gold.
  Or gold, like yeah.
  I have a lot of gold on me right now  and I do not want to lose it.
  In a game of wits with a troll, sir.
  Is there a Medusa back there?  Is there a Medusa?  I don't have a sword.
  I can't be cutting snakes off of a woman's hair.
  Are there attractive, are there sirens on cliffs?  Are there small cliffs?  What is the salt circle situation like back  in the escape room?  Yeah.
  Yeah, no.
  Yeah, that was mostly what my problem was.
  So I'm just saying I'm skeptical.
  Somebody let us know we're ignorant.
  Were these people plants?  Were some of them plants?  This is all of it.
  Are we like really not getting the code  that this was all entirely fake show?  I mean, it makes sense.
  I it's interesting to really like have the,  I feel like the fog might be lifting as we talk.
  Cause like, cause okay, maybe like the drink was real.
  And those people, cause those people could have been  really drinking something and maybe,  but maybe there was a fake out as far as like the blender  or something where it was like,  you're really just drinking like, I don't know,  ground up cereal or something.
  That's, but it's all just so boring.
  You're watching these people like running a blend  and like, Ooh, like making a little,  while like other people behind them are like working  with carabiners and like, all right, make sure the flag.
  I agree with you.
  I'm just saying that I,  I'm suspicious that a theme park would ever want  any sort of liability.
  No, I agree.
  Cause like you get, you like,  dad drinks the insects and the milk  and then he just has diarrhea the rest of the day.
  Like they're not gonna take a chance with that.
  Like he's gonna go to guest services.
  Like I have had diarrhea since I did Fear Factor Live.
  Please, I've not been able to keep down the pizza  from the New York area.
  Please, you have to give me some Pepto Bismol.
  I didn't even get the nutrients from the pizza  because of the Fear Factor diarrhea that I've been having.
  And it's lasted days now.
  Like still going on every ride.
  This puddle is a big puddle on Men in Black Alien Attack.
  There would be, everybody would have be having diarrhea  after this doing Fear Factor Live.
  It doesn't make sense.
  It doesn't make sense that they would actually do this.
  It has to be something that is edible though, gross.
  It has to be-  They didn't change it up.
  They weren't doing experiment.
  Nobody chugs donkey semen on stage.
  Right.
  They were not doing that.
  Unless they brought it from home  and didn't say what it was.
  Unless the host did it from a container,  discreetly, because it got them through the show.
  Dad had a little flask in his boot  and he pulled it up when he put the donkey semen in  when no one was looking.
  Sir, please no food and beverage  in a day in the park with Barney.
  Please no food and beverage in here.
  These costumes are very hard to clean.
  It was Bob Cummings.
  Bob Cummings is my grandson.
  I got five kids.
  Anything else you think I'm gonna get through this day?  A hot theme park day?  Yeah, I just, it doesn't make sense.
  I mean, it's like the Copperfield thing  where we think we've now realized  that every Copperfield person in the audience  is a plant that interacts with them.
  Sure.
  At the very least, yeah, a lot of them.
  So, yeah.
  I am suspicious.
  I'm highly suspicious.
  We're on to you seasonal show that is closing  and that hasn't really been running lately.
  Yeah.
  And that no one, that the other theme park people  weren't interested enough to do videos about.
  The most boring-  Or through the looking glass.
  Every other thing we've ever looked up or talked about,  I'm like, whoa, there's a thing about that, huh?  All right, not this.
  I mean, I'm sure it was like a decent gig for like the whole,  I mean, what do you mostly have to do?  You would describe what the challenges are  and you try to keep the audience energy up.
  Like they're doing their job.
  They're doing, and the safety people are clearly,  they gotta double check everything.
  Like they're, everyone is doing their job,  but like, yeah, this show,  it's just a worse kind of corporate synergy.
  Like I'd be begging to go on Race Through New York  after sitting through this.
  Oh, Race Through New York is way better than this.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Stuff happens.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You aren't like sitting far away from a cage  that requires a grainy mini DV camera in 2006  to show me sort of what's happening.
  And it's, I'll even say this,  the property itself would be a good horror night's maze.
  You could do something like that  where people are walking by,  like people doing awful things.
  Oh, or like the shit, like, well, they wouldn't do this.
  I was gonna say like, it's an episode gone wrong,  but they never do that.
  Yeah, they don't wanna say.
  Because they can't say that.
  But like, you know, you have like different,  you have like 10 actors playing Joe Rogan  throughout the maze and he's in every,  he's supervising every room.
  And then, yeah, one of them,  they're in the bucket of blood  and one of them, they're covered in rats.
  You could do it.
  You could do a good tableaus  of the greatest hits of Fear Factor for a maze.
  And that would be effective.
  That would be gross and scary.
  Yeah, you could do,  if you didn't wanna make actors do this all day,  you could have an animatronic on loop,  sucking a penis of, what did they have to,  who, what penis was sucked?  Oh, I don't know.
  It was udders, it was goat udders.
  Oh, it was udders.
  It wasn't, okay, okay.
  I thought there was a different,  that's a different show, Scott.
  It was a while ago.
  I didn't remember.
  I was flashing a Tom Green, pretty good fingered.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Well, that would be a good maze too.
  Horror Nights Maze 2, Freddy got fingered.
  Oh my God.
  Oda V in the room with all the sausages on the strings.
  Oh my God.
  Daddy, would you like some sausage?  And then a Tom Green animatronic  or an actor playing him, jerking off a horse.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Rubber Tom Green mask.
  And Daddy, you like some sausage,  is played at like 11 on like the spinal tap speaker.
  Like it's gonna be so loud.
  Like as soon as you walk into that maze, that house,  it's just gonna be blaring,  Daddy, would you like some sausage?  That's really, we've talked about doing our own haunt,  but maybe we just get the rights to a movie  like Freddy got fingered and make our own version.
  Oh my God.
  Being in a, it's not specifically scary,  but you know when he has to like stack up  all the slices of American cheese?  If you're in a room with too much American cheese in it,  that'd be scary as hell.
  So gross.
  At least it's like a sort of demented fun house kind of,  this is a great.
  It's a great idea.
  Yeah, this would have like propped up the movie,  I feel like if they've done the synergy, right?  Are the articles,  is this as like the Freddy got fingered Renaissance happened?  You know, Clifford had its moment.
  I think it's gone as far as it's gonna go.
  It gets the article once every two years.
  It gets the rewatch for me once every several years,  which I do enjoy.
  But then there's a moment where like,  I am tired of watching Freddy got fingered.
  It's pretty exhausting.
  Yes.
  I think it's,  what's crazy is that more people didn't understand like,  no, he, this is a prank of a movie.
  The movie is a, it's his biggest joke.
  Hold on.
  Yes.
  I'm an, hello?  Hello.
  Are you guys asleep?  You have a package of 23 Ninja Turtles  and outrageous swim shorts.
  It's not, we need you to help get it out of the truck.
  We got the, Freddy got fingered Donatello.
  Donatello covered in a.
  Leonardo stacking the cheese.
  It was a call from an unknown number  and then I got a text that says Amazon driver chat.
  An Amazon delivery driver needs help with your order.
  We just made an edit because Mike just went  to take a phone call,  but Jason and I, while he was gone, decided that it was,  cause he was getting a package.
  He was getting a phone call.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We decided he was getting the Freddy got fingered brand  Ninja Turtles.
  Freddy got fingered Ninja Turtles crossover.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Donatello's in a deer high, a bloody deer hide.
  With the pace of how much stuff they're making  for Ninja Turtles for the adult collector,  it's sophisticated adult collector.
  It's unlikely what you're saying would come true,  but it's not out of the question.
  It's a Michelangelo crossed with Harlan Williams  and he hit a nail on the homemade skate ramp.
  So has, you can see bone in his knee screaming.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Ripped horn splinter, I guess.
  Ripped horn splinter is an amazing crossover.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's good.
  They did not get enough pre-orders  from the Euro trip bebop and rock study.
  That's sad.
  Yeah.
  Euro trip renaissance has not happened.
  Now we're sure of.
  What else about this?  Cause I feel this is like, I mean,  I've said all I want to say about the show.
  I have some thoughts about some related things,  but does anybody want to,  anything else you want to say or plus up about  any wishes you have or are you sad that it's,  anything that you're sad about that won't happen anymore?  It's funny to see it.
  Like I saw it and it would be funny  and I wish I could have seen it.
  So I would have like just more, more jokes,  I guess about it.
  Cause it was just, it's just so ill equipped for this place,  for this theater.
  Like they didn't create a new theater for it.
  And it doesn't have to be a maze,  but I'm sure there is like some weird,  like smaller setup where it's like,  if you want to go see a gross show, here it is,  or a scary show, but it's not this setup.
  It's not this venue.
  It just kind of didn't work.
  It was not the right venue for the show.
  And that's why it only ran 15 years.
  Well, this is not unprecedented in the theme park world.
  I was wrong.
  I was very wrong.
  I was like, this show isn't even on the air.
  Why is it still running?  Forgetting that it had been rebooted 2011 to 2012,  and then 2017 to 2018.
  I think that last one is the MTV,  the Ludacris one.
  Donald Trump squirted in and the executive of MTV  are like, oh, these hogs will watch this again.
  These idiots.
  Drink your pig juice, hogs.
  Drink your pig juice, idiots.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was on TV.
  It makes sense that like they would keep something  on theme parks that was on the air.
  So it isn't as crazy as it sounds  that it's existed that long, but it lasted a while.
  I think it's funny that Universal,  I give Universal credit for having changeover and turnover,  not being afraid to get rid of old attractions.
  But by that, I mean like things that last for 15 years.
  I'm like, boy, the progressive organization  that'll get rid of a show after 15 years  that's based on a TV show that isn't on the air anymore.
  That still is better to me than like Disney  letting parts of Epcot rot forever.
  Like it's gonna end up being 50 years  celebrating the anniversary of something closing in 1987  and not getting replaced.
  We're gonna have the anniversary  of the Wonders of Life Pavilion being the festival center,  a half-open building, a half-done building  before the Play Pavilion opens.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But this is, Universal's taking the ax to stuff.
  Because Barney's out, Fear Factor is out,  Trek 4D is out.
  Oh, oh, I don't know why I'm saying this.
  It's very exciting.
  The prize bag, the prize, if you won Fear Factor Live,  appeared to be, I saw it referred to as Universal swag bag.
  Like, so it's what you think.
  Maybe two shirts are among-  Megamind sweatshirts.
 Maybe tickets.
  Oh, they wish they got a Megamind sweatshirt, you know?  Yeah, it's not that good.
  Yeah, it doesn't have the Intel logo very large on it  next to Megamind.
  That's true.
  It's like one of the Oscars they have lying around  from the world's greatest math students.
  But I'm a 55-year-old man.
  Look, this is what we got.
  You want it or not?  No, no, no, sure, yeah, I know, I'll take it.
  I was just complaining.
  Just pointing something out.
  I think maybe to go out,  I'd like to nod to something that the venue  has been used for recently.
  Because as I said, we're losing  this entire live show facility.
  We don't have the skip, the scoop on,  I need to eat something, so not fish guts.
  We don't have the scoop on what's replacing this.
  I saw the rumor out there that it's more Diagon.
  Makes sense to me.
  Saw some weird thing about that.
  It's like a VR Harry Potter experience,  but who knows where that comes from.
  It would make total sense if it was,  but that's like sizable space to do something major.
  So of course, yeah, it makes all the sense in the world.
  There's so many great universal rumors,  and there's just no great Disney rumors.
  I mean, I guess there's the Disneyland, the expansion,  if that goes through, obviously that would be big,  big deal, but like.
  I heard a rumor they're gonna raise parking even more.
  Oh, the rumor came true.
  It's a great time to be a magic key holder.
  I heard that Bob Chapek paid American Airlines  for how they change pricing for airline tickets  and make it dynamic so they can make the most money  depending on the demand for the ticket  for the theme park tickets now.
  Wouldn't that be cool?  Like that's what, that's really what we're dealing with here.
  Hot Disney scoop.
  They're actively threatening the stars of their movies  in the press now.
  Hooray.
  And it's hot Disney.
  Retweeted an OC register article saying that  Disney offers more value per ride the universal,  and they were trying to slam dunk onto universal on Twitter.
  They did quite a dunk.
  They really dunked on Twitter.
  Quote tweeted an Orange County register article.
  Devastating.
  Hank Hill has entered the chat.
  Your Hank Hill voice has entered the chat.
  It sounded like you were doing Hank Hill.
  Oh, Hank Hill, yeah.
  Hank Hill, oh man, what would Hank Hill make of this?  What would Hank Hill make of this show?  I would confuse him, I think.
  It ain't right.
  That's right.
  But, you know, we do, by not having this venue around,  we lose universal live entertainment.
  They don't have a venue to put on things  like the Bill and Ted show trend in this venue for many years.
  And a thing that's happening currently  that is called Halloween Nightmare Fuel.
  This is what is running.
 Oh yes, yes, yes, yes.
  This is a Halloween Horror Nights live show.
  Okay, yeah.
  And I was interested in like,  what's using this venue right now?  And I looked it up and there were some Reddit comments  that said, I don't know about that show.
  It's a bit too sexy for me.
  I heard there's like a lot of like, S&M type.
  That's what they said, it's a very S&M,  it's an S&M show and I don't know how I feel about that.
  Burlesque and like dancing and sword squallowing,  like is that about right?  Yeah, well, here's a little taste of it.
  I don't know if you guys can see this the best.
  I'll turn up my brightness.
  But it does, I think you'll,  the soundtrack is relevant to our recent interests.
  Here's a little taste of Halloween Nightmare Fuel.
  ["Drag Your Love"]  ["Drag Your Love"]  ["Drag Your Love"]  Oh, we've got the-  I forget what that's called.
  Remix of Dragula.
  The drapes, the drape dance, it's very impressive.
  I'm always impressed by the people who can do that dancing.
  Like they're-  We've never known what that's called  and we've tried to say it.
  I've never known what it's called.
  Drape dancing.
  It's very circus and Cirque du Soleil and stuff.
  And I could never in a million years do it.
  So I'm always impressed by it.
  Yeah.
  Now I don't know if that's too far away for you to see.
  Did that seem too sexy to you?  How are your feelings to SNME?  While the sexiness is far away,  you could sit far back in the arena.
  So I could really, it wouldn't be so in my face.
  You're not in the splash zone.
  You're not in the gush zone.
  I'll say the-  I don't even know how to proceed.
  I was-  It was a very loud thing out there.
  I don't know if the audience can hear that.
  Probably door wrapping up.
  Might be able to.
  It's a drill, drill or something.
  It's Jay Fett with one of the Horror Nights chainsaws.
  Here it is.
  Here it is.
  You're gonna pay more for barking  and you're gonna love it.
  Do you wanna come or not?  Do you wanna be in the park or not?  Disney's absolutely epic parking charge increase.
  It's nigh.
  I was just saying that I did,  and whenever Eva's back on,  there's a couple Eva business things  we have to talk about before we head over the topic will be.
  But I did do a haunt.
  I didn't do the Minotaur.
  That I'll have to conquer that another time,  but it's another Zombie Joe,  which is a little theater that does shows.
  And they do a little maze,  a very small maze in the lobby and then a show.
  And I have seen a few of these shows,  but not for a long time.
  And as we're going through the maze,  you have little flashlights  because it's pitch black in there.
  And there's this black light flashlight.
  So you barely can see what you're,  anything in front of you.
  So you gotta get real close to whatever,  whoever's about to scare you to see you there.
  And it is scary.
  And I made people go ahead of me.
  And the thing I forgot about Zombie Joe's  is I turned the flashlight and I was like,  oh, there's just a naked woman standing next to me  in the dark.
  So the most-  You are engaged, son.
  I know.
  Yes, this is days after engagement.
  And I went right home.
  This is gonna crumble if she only knew.
  Yeah, this is not, yeah.
  So this is a show, it's a Halloween show,  but there's some nudity.
  If you don't bring the children,  is what I'm saying to this.
  You just shine a flashlight suddenly onto a naked body.
  Interesting.
  Yeah.
  So you've experienced true sultriness.
  Ultra sultra.
  Yeah, I experienced sultriness in between  being worried that I would have another anxiety attack  because I had a mask on.
  Down the block from a pie.
  What's that cheat called?  Oh, God.
  It used to be the Rita's Water Ice, but it closed.
  Well, yeah.
  Your beloved Rita's Water Ice from back-  Don't get me started on that.
  Yeah.
  It opened here a couple of years ago.
  Jason was so excited and now it's closed.
  Yeah.
  But there's a lot of interesting things on,  isn't like ha-has, there's a comedy club or yuck-yucks.
  The ha-ha comedy cafe.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  And they turned the French restaurant from Punch-Strom Glove  into the comedy chateau.
  Is that true?  Yeah, they painted it bright periwinkle.
  Wow.
  Now it's a comedy club.
  That's good.
  So there's so many treasures on Lancashire in the Valley.
  So yeah, anyway, all that to sum up is really,  I just wanted to say that, yeah,  if the bodiness is far away,  it won't shock me as much as something  that literally is less than two feet from me.
  So somebody in a, like a red leather strap is not,  is not literal nightmare fuel for you.
  Red leather strap makes me think of an X-Men character,  Eric the Red.
  So I am comfortable with that outfit  because I saw it 30 years ago on a cartoon.
  You also would be, if you're sitting far back,  you can just look at Twitter toy accounts and text me  as you did the other day when you were at Disneyland  and sending me toy updates.
  I went to Disneyland alone a couple of days ago  at this point and yeah, I spent on two rides.
  And I was just sitting down.
  Regular stuff.
  Yeah, yeah, no normal stuff.
  Get some email done, get some work done.
  Thinking of some, yeah, working on a few things  and then I went on two rides and no way left.
  It's great.
  But yeah, I texted you a few toy reveals.
  Good scoops.
  Well, that was Fear Factor.
  Live, I suppose.
  We're losing a lot there.
  RIP, thanks for your service.
  Let's all drink some sour milk.
  Let's all go outside, find three bugs.
  Get that wasp from earlier, put it in a blender  and pour one out.
  But not out of the grid, I wouldn't count.
  We have to pour one out into our throats.
  And did your dad, listeners, did your dad get diarrhea  after doing Fear Factor Live?  Let us know, please, I want to know.
  Did your dad get diarrhea?  Hashtag did your dad get diarrhea?  If possible with a photo of him making a pouty face.
  Like today, he could texture one  if he didn't get one right after it happened.
  It's up to you.
  Let us know.
  Customize it.
  But for now, you survived podcast the ride  the second gate.
  Fear Factor Live Edition, keep it tuned here  to podcast the ride the second gate  for three bonus episodes every month.
  Keep it tuned to the main feed.
  I think some really fun guests coming up.
  Check, so keep your eye, why wouldn't you?  If you're here, you're not gonna ignore the,  maybe some people retired the main feed.
  It's not strong enough for them anymore.
  I'm only on second gate.
  Yeah, they want the nightmare fuel on the second gate.
  I want to be on that.
  I pay to go where they're brave enough  to talk nightmare fuel and Rob Zombie remixes  and two inch wide leather straps.
  And what's the appeal of Joe Rogan?  And don't forget to check your sensory deprivation tank  for scorpions if you live in the Southwest.
  Load up on Anascorp.
  If you're afraid of getting COVID, load up on Anascorp.
  That's a tip from me.
  That was a fucking sick episode, wasn't it bro?  Dude, that was fucking crazy.
  They would never let us do that episode today.
  In 2021?  That fear factor was, fuck that shit.
  They'd never let you do that.
  Anascorp was outlawed by American government.
  Anascorp is actually a thing that heals,  actually heals almost all the different diseases  and illnesses you can possibly get.
  Alex Jones, he's on the show a lot.
  Yeah, sure.
