 Forever.
  Dog.
  Well, back for more, are ya?  Well, you're in luck, cause today's topic is.
.
.
  Sorry, what now?  Well, no, that's gotta be some kind of typographical error.
  Okay, apparently not.
  So today's episode's about the hungry bear bathrooms.
  Okay, have fun, it's Punching Bear Jammer Week on the fucking Ram.
  Welcome back to Podcast the Ride Country Bear Jammer Week Day 4.
  I'm swinging Scotty Gardner, joined by Big Car Alson.
  Howdy there.
  And Jughead Jason Bonnet Sheridan, aka Old Sleuthfoot himself.
  What's going on?  That's right, thanks for coming back, y'all.
  We're gathering speed, we're gathering names, and we are fresh from our cinematic journey  back to 2002.
  And back here on the main feed to address the primary way that the Country Bears characters  live on in Disneyland today, which is, of course, the hungry bear bathrooms.
  There was no way we could do Country Bear Jammer Week without this crucial dissection.
  And so, you're welcome, here we are, it's happening.
  Yes, the toilets at the Hungry Bear restaurant, quick service restaurant in Disneyland, are  some of the strongest places you will get to see the characters and see their names  more importantly, I even think.
  They have taken approximately 24 animatronic characters and willed it down to, I think,  six in total.
  They're down to just the best six, and it happens to be the six best characters in the  show.
  I never would have picked different ones.
  And there they are, welcoming you to the men's room and the women's room and the family room.
  Now, some representation at the restaurant, there's like one picture, there's a lot of  generic bear stuff at the restaurant, although the real heads know that restaurant hasn't  been the same since they got rid of the fried green tomatoes.
  You, of course, are taking the words right out of my mouth.
  People are going to say, why aren't you just going to review the whole restaurant?  And I think we don't review this restaurant until they bring back this beloved sandwich.
  I completely agree with what you're getting at here.
  Yeah, it's loaded fries, it's not doing it, it's not doing it for anyone.
  Oh yeah, I've seen so many pictures of just bad little squirts on buns.
  Yeah, bad little squirts.
  I'm disappointed with the bad little squirts.
  Can we get a whole Twitter account called bad little squirts about the just embarrassing  like ketchup squirts or different loaded?  Probably, honestly, well, like if yeah, you know what, just respond to our tweet about  this episode to start it.
  If you've been to Disneyland or any theme park and gotten opened up a burger to see  what a bad little squirt you got, because this happened, I'm sure we all have memories  of this.
  This is a lot of what made me mad being in Disneyland Paris was just like, oh my God,  I was just having the greatest food of my life two days ago and now I'm looking at bad  little squirts.
  Bad little squirt.
  Yeah, no, I hear that.
  And especially because if you're at the quick service like spot at Disney or Disney World  or Disneyland, the meat isn't good or whatever you have on the sandwich is not of a high  quality.
  So you need a good quality squirt to balance out the maybe like subpar taste of what you're  eating.
  Yes, some Chipotle mayo or cilantro mayo or something like that.
  Although I had like a Halloween food from that Tomorrowland window that I always say  like it's like dog food.
  And I gave it another chance recently when it was very crowded and it was like pulled  pork on top of waffle fries.
  And I don't know how they stumbled that hard, but it was like, I was so sad eating.
  I was like, why'd you go to the place you described as dog food?  The only thing that still had like mobile order times available like in that hour and  we were starving and it was like, well, let's I mean how bad and like Jane really, she had  like a fresh veggie wrap.
  And then I was like, well, I'll try something like some junk food.
  And I was like, oh, this is miserable.
  I like to think it's like Lucy in the football with you where every time you go, maybe now  it'll be good.
  Maybe now I don't do that that much.
  I know.
  I thought I'd like to think it's like, yeah, I thought I'd give it another chance.
  I thought I'd try something different because I figured like a fried chicken sandwich, like  I was in another place to get our chicken.
  Right.
  You know, but yes, all this to say that we will do a full review of the hungry bear restaurant  when this sandwich comes back.
  When?  Yes.
  Great.
  Because as of now, it is just, we basically are talking about the basement of a building  that is otherwise engulfed in bad little squirts.
  Bad little squirts for sure.
  Maybe the bathrooms are where you end up if you end up with your own bad little squirts  because of the bad little squirts upstairs.
  Exactly.
  And that's what we're going to talk about.
  Because yeah, we have thoughts about the dining area, the views you have when you sit in these,  either the bottom floor or the top floor.
  Sure.
  The history.
  The history.
  The name changed at some point, but that's not what we're-  That's not what we care about today.
  No, that's not.
  This is the country bear jamboree week.
  And this is just about the toilets.
  Yeah.
  Although not even really what it's about is that it's really restroom exteriors.
  I guess you're probably right.
  I have, but I have information on the actual interior.
  I went there, I went down last week to do some reconnaissance.
  I did, I just wanted to make sure we knew exactly how many.
  I couldn't go in the female bathroom, but I went in the male bathroom and I counted  the stalls.
  I counted the urinals.
  Oh, thank God.
  Good, good.
  So we have that type of stuff.
  We have technical information.
  Great, good, great.
  So because obviously we're mainly here because of the country bear discussion, but like bathrooms  have gone woefully unaddressed.
  They've come up here and there, but we know, we hear the swells of anchor about why if  you're going to cover these properties and yet there's so many, many rooms that we've  never discussed.
  No.
  We're wasting our time on what, on the ride with a guy in a boulder.
  That's right.
  Where the space trip is, who gives a shit?  Who cares?  Some still have like the crazy sixties interiors.
  Like there's one on Main Street, the secret Tiki room was some seemingly have not changed  in decades and are kind of interesting interior design wise.
  This seems to have been kept up.
  It used to be, I find it a rock solid restroom option at Disneyland.
  Yeah, this is a solid, I recently had a, I talked on the show about getting sunscreen  in my eye and it was a ordeal.
  It was a multi hour ordeal.
  It felt like it might've only been an hour, but I definitely like a bad little squirt.
  Now that is a bad little squirt for sure.
  I mean, that's actually a kind of a bad little drip.
  Oh, you're more of a bad little drip.
  It wasn't that you were like looking in the bottle.
  Why ain't this thing going?  Yeah.
  No.
  Straight into your eye.
  Not like that, but yeah, it was a bad little drip for sure that dripped into my eye.
  And then yeah, I had to go hungry bear bathrooms were one of the main stops I had where I before  going to see the Disney doctor where I went in and just tried to like douse my head in  water and also was like trying to go in and out.
  Cause like there were too many people there and I was embarrassed cause I was just soaking  my whole body in water.
  Cause it was a panic move.
  Cause I was frantically trying to alleviate the pain.
  So you thought you could return to theme parks without incident.
  If you didn't hear this episode, this was the, this was his first time there in 15 months  post pandemic and that's what happened.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah.
  So, so I spent a lot of time in a panic state in this bathroom not long ago.
  Um, but yeah, so was it tough to go back?  It was.
  Well, I had my journalist hat on this time, so it wasn't actually, I'm such a professional  that it was no problem.
  I also, I was there last week as well and I did a little reconnaissance.
  I was there with my friends, Raja and Jane and they, um, there was the moment of the,  that we're walking to galaxy's edge and we'll get a late night snack.
  And I'm like, can we just, uh, one sec, can I just, I gotta go, uh, do a, you gotta go  to the bathroom.
  I do, but not for it's too, uh, it's research about the bathroom.
  You know, it's a week.
  It's a thing that we're, uh, I think I've never seen so crazy requiring a theme park.
  Well, it's a long story.
  That's why you do what I did and you go to Disneyland alone.
  That's right.
  That's what I did.
  Mistake I made having an audience.
  That's right.
  Is a notable development of these, but it used to be like right at the, one of the parks,  a few dead ends.
  But now it's like a stop on the way to like the one entrance through the woods of galaxy's  edge, or if you're exiting through that, it's, it can be like, Oh, thank God there's a restroom  coming up.
  It's like a gateway to the cosmos is what it is.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a great way to put it.
  Yeah.
  Um, so it's, it's important, like boy, the prominence went up.
  That's like some little, you know, it's like the, the, uh, the, the house from up suddenly  is surrounded by high profile construction.
  That's true.
  The neighborhood's changing and the, luckily it didn't, the, the, uh, nobody took the bathrooms  away on a bunch of balloons.
  They stayed and they're, they're serving a purpose.
  And let's, let's talk about the main, why they're coming up here because these bathrooms  are a remnant of a time where, uh, much more of the area was devoted to the country bears.
  It's not the building that the country bear Jamboree was in, but it's nearby and thus  they are themed to the characters.
  So let's talk about character representation on these bathroom doors.
  Right.
  Um, the one we can speak to the most, the men's room is, uh, of course, Gomer's gentlemen's  lair.
  Of course.
  What do we have to say about this?  It's a very, it's a very main street, a very, uh, turn of the century kind of font.
  Um, I, the choice of Gomer, what do we, you know, of all the gentlemen in the show to  choose from, are we disappointed that somebody else isn't?  Well, yeah.
  Gomer is a less flashy choice.
  Cause it would make sense more maybe like, you know, Henry or big Al or something.
  Like it does seem like that would be the character you would go to.
  So Gomer is kind of a low key choice.
  Now you might say that's, you know, that's smart to get Gomer out there a little bit  more since he's not so, um, prom.
  People don't think of him maybe as one of the main bears, but I would say to you, they  use Trixie.
  I mean, there's only a few female bears right now that I think about it, but like Trixie  is a much more.
  She's very pop singing role of a very visible bear.
  Right.
  So you would think they would try to match the star power of Trixie on the men's bathroom  sign.
  I think, um, you know, I was very complimentary of Gomer several days ago in the first episode  I was saying, I think that Gomer can get it.
  I think he's a thinker and a tinkerer.
  Um, and yes, there's louder country bears, but maybe you want to aspire to be like Gomer  in the way that you use a restroom facility.
  You want to just quietly sure do your business, not make a bunch of noise, right?  Just get in and out of there with a plan because a wilder character, like a Wendell Wendell  would win there.
  Yeah.
  Tear it up, make a mess, be hooting and hollering.
  He would do be hooting and hollering too much.
  I, you know, you're right.
  So it makes sense.
  And Trixie seems like she would be very respectful and the ladies parlor or whatever.
  Excuse me.
  The powder room.
  Yes.
  Is when she's on the sign.
  She's very like, um, coy, I would say.
  Yeah.
  Her eyes are closed.
  Um, she, I mean, look, closing your eyes is a flick.
  It makes sense as a facial pose, you know, mid bathroom business experience.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So that makes sense.
  So I, I guess they are pictured.
  This is a picture of Trixie going to the bathroom.
  A picture of Trixie's head while she's going to the bathroom.
  Yes.
  Her head though.
  Folks.
  Yes.
  Not nothing.
  No one start thinking they portrayed something untoward.
  Right.
  Um, this probably surprises no one.
  Uh, powder room is what we call the downstairs bathroom in my house growing up.
  Like I think what you call it now, we always said, oh, that, you know, like, oh, the powder  room is out of toilet paper.
  Like we need, you know.
  And you, okay.
  So the powder room implying that, um, it's just a quick, because powder is kind of a  quick thing on a film shoot or something.
  Let me just give the guy a quick powder.
  Okay.
  Great.
  Uh, it's like for, it's a quick stop by more than it is a full bathroom experience as with  a shower or a bathtub.
  Well, yeah, I think back in the day, ladies would go in and powder their noses is where  I'm assuming that the name came from.
  But yeah, I think you call it a half bath now, just basically like a toilet in a sink  without a shower.
  Yeah.
  But powder, that was a, you know, in a classier time when you wouldn't, you didn't want to  say, Oh, I have to go to the bathroom.
  Cause that would conjure up images of you urinating or something.
  No, you'd say powder room or water closet or WC.
  So you could, you could mask people from having to put that image in their head of you going  to the bathroom.
  Yeah.
  It was a simpler and a classier time.
  Presumably it came from, you know, my parents learned it from one of their parents.
  We also, I think like in an improv practice or class or something, I referred to something  as a Hasek once instead of an ottoman.
  I mean the same thing, a foot rest.
  But yeah, I think it's just an older term for the foot rest that goes with the chair.
  I was thinking how, because you were saying upstairs, sorry to leave the bathrooms for  a second, but upstairs at the hungry bear, which is not otherwise country bear themed.
  There is a big picture of the five bear rugs, the band once you get up to the counter and  the sign there, I might not have it in front of me, but it refers to, Oh no, I do have  it.
  Thanks for buzzing by enjoy your Vittles and Vittles is this kind of old Westie term, but  it occurred to me as one of those things where Jason might say, Vittles, no Vittles.
  You didn't say Vittles.
  You didn't go to get your Vittles.
  I think we, okay, we didn't say, so we didn't say Vittles regular.
  I think we saw it in like an old movie or an old TV and every now and then we go like,  well Vittles are we had, like we would.
  So you did say Vittles.
  He would say Vittles as a child in the family.
  I forget the initial content, but I definitely remember maybe it was in the boy scouts or  something, but like Vittles, I know that I knew the term Vittles from very young.
  You picked it up from one of the other little rascals.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, when we were like, someone mentioned it like, Hey, let's go get some Vittles.
  After we look into this tailpipe, of course we'd have to wash our faces off from the soot  of course.
  You would come home with so much soot.
  Yeah.
  Mischief night.
  You were covered in soot.
  Yeah.
  I even, what, how do you define Vittles?  It's like sort of girl, but yeah.
  So right, well I guess right there, where were we?  The, I would just, well, let's keep, let's make sure we don't leave the signs behind.
  That's really what we're going to go.
  Yeah.
  I think is like just pretty thoughtful and just kind of pensive.
  Yeah.
  He's happy.
  He's not grinning, but he's like, huh, he looks like this is a picture of him in the  moment of realizing that he has to go to the bathroom.
  Yeah.
  Like he's having a conversation with someone and he's like, Oh, uh-oh.
  Maybe it's not a dire situation, but it's definitely like a serious one.
  It's like, I got to get there quick, pretty quickly.
  Like Tennessee is people underrate Tennessee as a musician.
  He's actually like people think he's a joke, but I've played with a lot of guys in my time  and I'll say, Oh, excuse me.
  I need to go to the gentleman's lair.
  My gentlemen.
  My gentlemen's lair.
  You mind if I go to my gentleman's lair?  Yes.
  I think that's correct.
  It does.
  Now that brings up another question of like in the Bayer Cannon, did these bathrooms get  named?  Does like, is that Gomer's place?  Like is that like he takes care of it or he designed it or it was his decision to create  this bathroom.
  You know what I mean?  Like, is it, is it just, Oh, it's a fun name for them or did the in Canon, do the bears  have something to do with the upkeep or creation of these bathrooms?  So you're like, I mean, what I'm picturing is sort of the, you know, there's a plot on  curb currently of Larry getting to pick what is in his mini fridge.
  Like he's a mini bar, mini bar in a hotel.
  So it implies that sort of scenario where like, did they give Trixie and Gomer the opportunity  to provide not the edible vitals, but you know, toiletry vitals.
  Sure.
  Like the toilet-les that might be available.
  Like it was like, was there maybe a time where you could get, you know, mints or different  types of washes or cloths or whatever?  They certainly don't have those things now.
  Lucy's what's that individual cigarettes.
  Oh yeah.
  Lucy's quarter for a cigar.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So I can say we've all, yeah, there was there ever a time in the, in Canon, I don't think  in Disneyland, but where there was a bathroom attendant in a bare bathroom attendant who  would, you know, spray you down with cologne or, you know, you'd tip them.
  They have candy bars.
  I'm describing, I'm describing like the one time I went to a strip club, I think where  there's like candy bars and you're like, what, what is this set up in here?  Venues in LA.
  Like I don't know if that's come back, you know, his concerts have come back, but like  the echo, you know, they would have mints and gum and it's someone.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Cigarettes and stuff.
  Yeah.
  The bathroom attendant isn't that uncommon.
  This is the real spots.
  Like we probably don't have time to get into this, but that you've been to a strip club  and I have not.
  Is that true?  Yeah.
  I've never been to strip club.
  Oh.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Jason.
  I was with him.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  It was yesterday.
  Yeah.
  It was last night.
  It's Tuesday now and Mondays are.
  Mondays are free wing night.
  Yeah.
  I know as we record this, I haven't gotten the boost yet, but that's, I feel like you're  using as an excuse to not invite me to stuff.
  Well, we just know you didn't know the landscape really well.
  So we don't even embarrass us because we're very good at going.
  I'll learn.
  I'll catch up guys.
  I don't know.
  I can be rowdy and bawdy.
  I don't know.
  What's where we're.
  Why Vegas.
  We're at a party.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Fine.
  Okay.
  Great.
  Yeah.
  Very great.
  I'm not doing a lot at night.
  So I was just sitting around, you know, I'm always around.
  What if I'm here?  All of a sudden you got a text like, you know, that thing we were joking about today, it's  real Jason's we're pulling up in front of your house.
  Get in.
  Sounds like fun to me.
  Uh, no, we was at a bachelor party.
  Is it like eight years ago at this point?  Seven years, something seven or eight years ago, we all go to the bouncer and say like,  and show them a picture of Trixie and say, is there, do you guys have any like bears?  Lady bears.
  This is a weird, like, like, is it all humans here?  What's the deal with the.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I said, uh, just, just checking.
  It's okay.
  Well, we had a rat the other day, but that's just a separate issue.
  No, but anthropomorphized at all.
  It's a little human.
  Would they put on a bow and like take off the bow, but not other clothes?  Yeah.
  So that sounds up our alley.
  I have a burn seed.
  It's just too much as I have a burn CD.
  Do you take requests and also provided media?  Do you think the other guy, you guys play honky tonk here sometimes.
  Is there a fiddle lying around?  I'm happy to, I'm no professional, but I'll try.
  I'll try to do it myself.
  From strip club discussion to the, the family den, the son bonnets family den.
  They get, I don't think I knew now.
  I'm glad I didn't know this recon.
  I didn't know this either.
  So that I could discover this.
  I thought here, I thought it was just men's and women's, but in fact, um, that's good  information for me in the future.
  Should I need the family den if I go with my family?  But all three son bonnets are, are pictured mid notes seemingly.
  So now we know that these three, these three girl bears who get turned down on dates that  they also all go to the bathroom in the same room.
  Well that is not that uncommon.
  It's not.
  Will that women go to the bathroom together?  But in like the same one, like at the same, well, I know I Jason, you're saying like  they'll get up together to go to the bathroom.
  I don't think then they go to the same room sometimes in like toilets across from each  other.
  I think some people do.
  I don't know how common it is.
  Yeah.
  That also might be a young person's thing.
  We're going to the bathroom together in the same conversation or gentlemen.
  I feel like guys do it too.
  Yeah.
  I realized we've never all been to a strip club together.
  Now I realized we haven't been to the bathroom together.
  We mostly hang out at restaurants where like when we're going in the bathroom each year  and has its own tiny TV playing the game.
  So we're focused on the game.
  The big game, the big game.
  But if we found out about a place that has a big TV bigger than what's in the bar and  we can all that we can all watch it from one stall that has three toilets.
  Maybe have a little sidebar of like, Hey, you know, I want to have a little more privacy  than the big table watching the big game.
  Right.
  The big table watching the big game.
  That's right.
  Home team versus away.
  We invite out like we're going to go.
  You want to go out?  We invite our significant others.
  We're all going to go out to a bar and then we all disappear for 90 minutes.
  Leaving them like, um, so do we need to go check?  What's a do we, does this wood ranch barbecue have that many?  That's the sports bar.
  Does this BJ's have that many options?  Does wood ranch show games?  Wood ranch is a big like watch things on TV.
  I think in the bar there's one television.
  BJ's a little more.
  Yeah.
  BJ's more Buffalo Wild Wings.
  They're showing everything.
  All day.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So well they're showing the game if people don't request to watch the old footage of  jamborees.
  Yeah.
  Past.
  But again, you got to bring that separate recorded media.
  Hey, could you put on that, um, that, uh, YouTube of, uh, some live aid performances?  I think the, I think the restaurant will get a kick out of it.
  I agree.
  Yeah.
  So, um, the sun bite, the sun bonnets need to adjust their bonnets, make sure they're  all straight.
  Make sure the pose line up right at the bottom of the chin.
  They can all go do that.
  Yep.
  Um, and again, just nice to like, I'm just glad everybody's still around because otherwise,  you know, we can't be flying to Florida and Tokyo all the time.
  Right.
  Only a lot of the time.
  Right.
  So you get a little bit.
  Yeah.
  And if we want to go see our friends above a door, we can.
  Right.
  And there's, this is so low impact right now that there's no reason for them to take the  signs down, which is nice.
  Mm hmm.
  You know, so there's like, why would they even just like, they don't need to put Pooh  Bear characters and change everything around.
  Like that's who cares?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They can't be Kanga's room.
  Right.
  They can, like, she doesn't need that.
  We know Kanga.
  Yeah.
  Kanga's already in merch.
  Um, she's like, she's covered.
  The Sunbonnets need this.
  Trixie needs, Trixie really needs this.
  Trixie is sad.
  Yes.
  Very sad.
  Yes.
  They're often upset.
  So this, this sign is all she's got.
  Right.
  So hopefully it'll be there forever.
  Um, you know what I was going to say about GoMer?  It's going to be maybe, uh, a more, not restrained, but like, uh, uh, uh, comics, comic of musicians,  musicians.
  It's like if someone, you had someone who's of Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, who's your  favorite member.
  It's surely there are people who go like, Oh, well, Graham Nash, you know, so he's not  Henry's not big gal, but it's like, Oh, GoMer.
  Oh, interesting.
  Interesting choice.
  It's not solo work, but it's like a choir, like a Leon Russell or something.
  You think Graham, Graham Nash is the least one popular one?  Is it?  Well, Crosby did a lot of solo work, right?  I see what you're saying.
  It would be Stills or Nash, I guess.
  I actually don't, I'm not trying to lead you into like, I think you're wrong.
  I'm just thinking, I feel like Stills is the least popular.
  It could be Stills, but didn't even, he had that stop look.
  What's that sound?  That's kind of a.
.
.
  That's true too.
  Yeah, I guess you're right.
  I guess this is Nash.
  There's not a lot of solo Nash.
  But.
.
.
  There's some solo Nash though.
  I guess, yeah, but no, you know, I work with the Hollys too.
  Yeah, right.
  I mean, I think you like the Holley, but I don't know.
  I don't think that's so crazy.
  No, I don't think so either.
  I was just thinking about it.
  I was thinking in terms of like prominence and significance of musical body of work.
  Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, Country Bear band and Five Bear Rugs.
  The.
.
.
  We didn't talk about, the Five Bear Rugs are sort of like a.
.
.
  That's like the band a little bit within like.
.
.
  Yeah, right.
  Oh, sure.
  They're their own entity.
  They're separate stars.
  It's a little bit like how the Eagles started backing up Linda Ronstadt and that became  their own thing.
  It makes a lot of.
.
.
  A lot of great musical dynamics are represented in the show, I think.
  Got it.
  Accurate ones.
  So, yeah.
  So, the other.
.
.
  Now, I didn't even realize that this was a reference for a long time and it took the  Jambor Week to alert me to who this character was and I could be wrong, but there's the  main restroom sign in which a skunk's tail also serves as an arrow to point you to the  restrooms.
  I just thought this was a generic skunk or maybe from like more of a fairy tale Disney  movie.
  I forgot that this is in fact Randy the Skunk.
  We know Randy now from talking about the vacation.
  Right.
  Yes, I pulled that same picture.
  Yeah, I also was like just kind of walked right by that.
  And now nobody ever will again.
  Next time you're in Disneyland and if people are rushing you over to Rise of the Resistance,  take a moment, take a breather, stop.
  Tell them stop walking.
  Look up.
  That skunk is not a generic skunk.
  That's Randy the Skunk.
  That's Randy.
  Up, up, up, up, up, up.
  Hold on, we gotta make one pit stop and I'm not talking about the bathrooms.
  I'm talking about the sign for the bathrooms.
  No, don't get a snack.
  Don't get a snack.
  Don't waste your, don't waste your goddamn money.
  Not here.
  I want to hear you say it.
  Say hi, Randy.
  Hi, Randy.
  Hi, Randy.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Now we can go on Rise.
  If you're in the park while listening to this, make a video of yourself saying hi, Randy  under the sign.
  Hi, Randy.
  Show us pictures of your little squirts and videos of you saying hi, Randy.
  That's your two homework assignments today.
  Do not make any videos closer to the rest.
  We are not responding, like we are not encouraging that.
  No, no, no.
  Not there.
  Not at Disneyland.
  This is hella grand.
  So that covers all of the character representation.
  It's so nice to see these friends who don't get to play their music in Disneyland anymore,  but they do get to encourage people to keep their bowels flowing.
  Exactly.
  That said, now that we've said the character stuff, what else about the restrooms themselves?  All right.
  Well, there are six stalls.
  There are four tall urinals or one small urinal, three regular height sinks.
  So that's what Oscar would use, the little bear Oscar.
  Right.
  And then one small, like a lower height sink.
  And I think that's a good mix.
  Sometimes like those are never too crowded at any time I've ever been there.
  That's a nice amount, I think.
  Sometimes there's a few that they're full, but it's never one where like you're waiting  in a long line.
  I don't know if you guys disagree.
  No, I don't.
  I never think it's too crowded, even though that restaurant is pretty busy.
  Usually a lot of tons of seating, tons of seating.
  And then, you know, a lot of people coming off of Splash Mountain trying to dry off or  change and then and now you get people leaving or going to Galaxy's Edge.
  Right.
  And this is this is another thing to bring up about this place.
  This is a place that you have avoided in your efforts to change your little socks in the  in the Splash Mountain log.
  Because those we pointed out that those bathrooms are right there and you can easily go into  one of the six stalls.
  Oh, is it six urinals or how many stalls?  I'm sorry.
  Six stalls.
  Hold on a second.
  How would that work?  He would sit on the toilet and change his socks.
  I would pull my pants down.
  No, you don't have to do that.
  Well, this was this all came out.
  This was in the episode of Mary Holland a long time ago.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If you what we said was what you could do is just sit on any bench and make this change  and nobody would be alarmed.
  But if you wanted some privacy in doing this, yes, you could go put the lid down like the  bathrooms are for doing private business.
  That doesn't have to be taking a dump.
  You could go in there and change your stand up and do it.
  I could stand up and do it.
  Yeah, you could absolutely do it standing.
  I could also go to the bathroom and while I'm going to the bathroom, I could change  my socks.
  Yes.
  I mean, you might get a little like I was picturing standing that you're talking more  sitting going to the bathroom.
  Yeah, I'm talking about sitting.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Because I think standing that would be hard while urinating also lifting your legs up  and changing your shoes.
  Yes.
  Might not work.
  I also think I like how you said my changing my little size.
  Changing your little socks in the little log.
  Yeah.
  Yes, that's true.
  I hear log than other.
  I had decided to.
  Yeah, to do it quickly that way.
  I mean, it is look the log position is the perfect way.
  Perfect place.
  Like you have so much access to your feet.
  It's private, relatively private.
  But you have so much access.
  You have, I would say, more access to your feet in any other, if anything, that's walls  restricting you.
  That's tiny of access.
  I mean, you're right.
  You're right.
  But you're there's no position log like sitting down position in the bathroom that would look  right.
  You couldn't get in that position.
  Long the better you need.
  Why do you log in a log position?  Because of your feet are so close to your arms and there's barely any reaching that  has to be done.
  Oh, I see.
  It's like it's more like being in like a lawn chair, like something lower.
  Exactly.
  The chairs we're in right now are more similar to toilet height, maybe a little higher.
  Right.
  But they're not log like in the sense that it would like half this half the height on  these chairs and they're a little more like the log.
  I see.
  Oh, you know, that actually helps me understand it a little better that you're lower.
  Thus, your yes closer.
  It's like right there.
  That's why that's why even I think I've done this honestly only twice.
  But this is why I had the thought because I was like my hands are right here because  I panic because I forgot the fruit.
  Like when I went, oh, last time my socks got soaked, I went, you know what I could do?  I could quickly take them off right now, which I know it sounds weird, but that was just  because it was literally like my hands were like right there.
  And I was like, well, it's something I can slip my shoe on.
  I do.
  I see what you're saying.
  You're lower.
  You're lower to the ground.
  It's a very easy way to do.
  Yeah.
  But now that we've realized that these are the main ways that some of your favorite characters  live on, don't you think that it's a slight to go my own them go change your little socks  in Comers?  I owe the bears that to get to change my little socks, which I now I'm picturing like little  like booties or something that I'm wearing.
  Uh, yes.
  In the, in the gentleman's lair.
  But yes, it would have to be in a stall because I would get some weird looks if it was anywhere  else where you wouldn't want to do it just in the bond, the general bathroom floor between  the journals in the sinks.
  That's a no no for sure.
  Yeah.
  I mean, this is the, the, look, people definitely, I've been called out for, for the, the log  stuff, but changing socks is we is kind of weird to do in public.
  It is kind of weird.
  Not if you're, if you're at the mall, maybe, but if you are next to the exit of a water  ride, well, the exit of water rides, I guess, okay, maybe it's the exit, maybe it's the  exit area cause people are soaked there so you can just blend in to all the other people.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of like landscape, like stone walls, you know, that like sit on and, you  know, I just need to be more prepared in general.
  I just need to have a better plan and then maybe it's in Gomer's.
  I think that's, if you're after privacy, there's so much more privacy than you're on a ride  where there's security cameras watching you at all times.
  Maybe the people in the log can't see it, but the employees who are standing and you're  well below them, they can see you.
  There's a number of people, there's eyes in the sky watching you change.
  I don't know.
  Would I be arrested for doing it though?  Would Disney security come over to me?  No, absolutely.
  Nothing is going to happen to you, but if you're just saying the I, you're saying the  I, yeah, yeah.
  The I of right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Only you can answer this because it's a problem in your mind.
  I see.
  And I shouldn't tear it apart.
  I already invented what you think is the perfect system for you.
  It is.
  Look, I probably will never do it again, but it is a great system that works very well  actually.
  I do think, but I probably will never do it again.
  Don't you think though that maybe if you were, because sometimes we run into listeners in  the park, which is nice.
  And if you were like, if we're in the line, right, and then somebody you're paired up  with another group who start to murmur like that's Mike from podcast, the right, and we're  about to get in the log with him.
  He's got to do it, right?  I wonder if he's going to do it.
  Yeah.
  And then I lean back and.
  Say the line, Bart.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Well, then I guess it would be socks, Mike.
  I would honestly have to charge them money for this fan experience.
  I would have to, they would be thrilled.
  You would lay it on, so you would start doing like a silent movie actor.
  Like.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like looking inside the sock.
  It would be a hole.
  Going into it.
  Yeah.
  Making a little P.
U.
  Yeah, no, it would be.
  I would make a lot of a big meal out of it, basically.
  Because it's something to consider, I think, maybe in a, again, if privacy is the issue,  I should not put you in this position, but you sitting down and doing a full, the full  Charlie Chaplin version of this at a live show, it wouldn't play for the podcast, right?  But that's a little special treat for if you come in person, you get to see like a five  minute rendition of Mike changes.
  Because the real, because I imagine here, here's what I imagine.
  Okay.
  This is what you're picturing.
  You're picturing like this foot off me, like putting my foot in the air.
  And then I make like I go like, la la la la.
  And then I like kind of pull the sock off and I'm like examining it under the thing  when it's much more like like I lifted this, you know, we just got to kind of take it off  like this and it's gone.
  Like that's it.
  It's such a quick motion.
  Very discreet.
  This is I mean, if Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford were doing this, this would be like  a box office like hit like after, you know, this is a few years after the train coming  right at the screen.
  But they're like, America was like, yes.
  Yeah.
  Suck boy or sock man.
  America is in love with sock boy.
  Number one on the box office this weekend, the sock boy.
  We're going to number two.
  Woman sets a dinner table.
  Now if you, I am filming this for potential use on the tour.
  Okay, sure.
  Like a physical comedy version of this that you might want to.
  Oh, you want me to do a full?  Not a full, but just do one little.
  What's like, if you take it off and then like the entertainer is like,  I like Mr.
 Rogers and throw it over here.
  Great.
  That's good.
  And now to do the test, I go, excuse me.
  Do you mind just gesture to your sock?  Oh yes.
  I know what you're saying.
  Take like a shoe worn out of my bag and I kind of pry the sock off.
  Oh, it almost flails you back.
  You're going to fly out of the log.
  Whoa.
  Whoa.
  I grabbed like a lady's hat and it flies off.
  The hat flies off and I have to catch that as well.
  And then Jason looks her umphy.
  Like what is happening on this ride?  Tsk, tsk.
  This is a hit.
  This is very good.
  Our funny boys and all ships at sea resoundingly applaud the USO gangs sock boy.
  World War I is one because of the morale boost that.
  The Kaiser, the Kaiser cowardly waves a white flag as sock boy triumphantly changes his  knickerbockers.
  We rely on comics to poke fun at the human experience.
  There's nothing we can all relate to more than needing to change your sock on a log  ride.
  Thank you.
  Suck boy.
  Suck boy makes this okay.
  Just be yourself.
  So yeah.
  Well, I mean, I don't know what else to say from that.
  I mean, that's like, you know, we got a physical comedy routine and I don't know, it's part  of the, it's an important part of the sector of the park, I suppose.
  Right.
  Is, you know, without, with these bathrooms not there, certainly there'd be no choice  but to just do it in the log.
  Exactly.
  Well, I just have a throwback picture.
  Of course in bear country, before they saw flipped to critter country baths had their  own little building labeled baths.
  And I mean, this is archived on yesterland.
  You can kind of see there's little signs and they look pretty similar to the ones at the  hungry bear restaurants.
  It's hard to tell if they're the exact same signs.
  Yeah.
  But this you would see like right as you're coming into the land.
  I do wish it was like a full bath house.
  Like it'd be great to just bath house.
  Like you could take a full bath at Disneyland.
  That would have been a real thrill.
  Was there, was there ever a time where you could take a full bath at Disneyland?  No, but at seaside resorts, there would be, there's still like, you know, public bathhouses  and stuff to change.
  Like the Jersey Shore stuff.
  You say bath houses, you mean literal bath house.
  Like literal shower.
  Like you rent a shower and stuff.
  Right.
  Jason and I have never been to a bath house together.
  We've never been to a bath house.
  I promise you Scott, we have never.
  That's for Jason alone.
  Jason goes to that alone.
  And I'm not being on tour, if you like go to some national parks too, or like Joshua  Tree, like some of the general stores on the outskirts of the park.
  You can take a bath in a general store?  You can rent, literally like baths in an adjacent building.
  Got it.
  And you can rent, you know.
  Well, I guess the truck stops and stuff you can take a shower.
  There are those places too.
  So you'd really want this Disneyland.
  Yes he is.
  You heard the man.
  Well, I don't know.
  A big old timey tub.
  You could get in with a big wash.
  It's a full service resort experience.
  Yeah.
  And he gets in with a big scrub brush and he gets in like, he either gets nude or gets  in the Scrooge McDuck bathing suit and he goes.
  The scratchiest brush.
  Yeah.
  The most bitter thistles.
  You know, if they want frontier land to be more like a frontier mining town, more like  Deadwood, you gotta offer some baths.
  The way to get it into Westworld territory.
  Yep.
  You take a bath there.
  Okay.
  Well, that's our request, I guess.
  It's Hungry Bear bathrooms, but not Hungry Bear bath houses.
  Right.
  And were this to exist?  Yeah.
  And again, I'm not talking about anything untoward.
  I'm simply talking about cleaning the filth off your body.
  This feels a little untoward.
  It feels untoward.
  Okay.
  I guess if you say it like maybe that was too literal.
  That's the new phrase of the show also is untoward.
  Untoward.
  Bataroon untoward, Hasek, Vittles, you know.
  Country Bear Jammer Week vocabulary guide.
  But the main vocabulary to remember is hi, Randy.
  Go say hi to Randy.
  Hi, Randy.
  Hi, Randy.
  Next time you're passing by.
  And I guess that'll do it.
  That's this episode.
  Yeah.
  And we're heading to, unless we decide to add any more, I think now we're heading to  the end of Podcast the Rides Country Bear Jammer Week.
  So we're on our way to the finale.
  We'll see what surprises are in store.
  But for now, you survived this episode about bathrooms.
  I hope it didn't fog your glasses too much.
  Country Bear Jammer Week theme, courtesy of Mike Carlson, Country Bear Jammer Week art,  courtesy of Tona Grassa.
  Saturday Morning All Star Hits is on Netflix right now.
  Country Bear Jammer Week happenings, you can follow them at Podcast the Ride.
  We got merch in the Tee Public Store.
  And for the full Country Bear Jammer Week experience, check out Podcast the Ride, the  second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride, where we have just covered the film.
  If you want to pay homage to one of your favorite films, one of the finest films.
  Yes.
  Then go check that out.
  And what else?  I guess hashtag bad little squirts.
  Let us see a little squirts.
  Maybe we'll talk about some of the best ones we see on tomorrow's finale.
  Maybe we will.
  This has been a forever dog production.
  Produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehme, Joe Sileo, and  Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
