 Well, looks like you had no trouble finding us  beneath that there paywall.
  But watch out, the boys are a fussing and a feuding  about the Country Bears movie from 2002.
  It's Country Bear Jamboree Week Day Three  with good old Doug Jones on Podcast the Ride.
  ["Jamboree Week Day Three"]  Welcome to Podcast the Ride Country Bear Jamboree Week  Day Three, the Grizzly Gate.
  Why not?  I'm, hey, I'm swinging Scotty Garner.
  We got big, big Carl Ralson and Jughead Jason Bonnet  Sheridan, everybody's back in the house as we delve  down here into the, into our little cave.
  It's a little, it's a movie theater slash cave.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Today we're discussing a piece of cinema.
  Hey fellas, hey, great bars.
  We're here, of course, our characters today  are slightly different than the characters  you're normally, like you're used to seeing.
  Okay, they just, they appear a little bit different.
  They talk, a couple of them sound like exactly  like the characters that you're familiar with,  but some of them don't.
  So I just want, in case you feel like we're different today,  that's why.
  Slightly different.
  Slightly different.
  I guess I should, it should have been, we just,  it should have been Scott Betterhead, Mike Betterhead.
  That's a good point.
  It should have just been that.
  Or Barrington at least, Jason Barrington.
  Jason Barrington.
  That's a Halloween costume or a piece of artwork  I would like to see.
  Jason is Barry Barrington, please.
  Why is, also why hasn't it been Jason Baird  in the whole time?  Oh yeah, it's much better.
  Sitting right there, whatever.
  But I like the big clunky that we keep adding to.
  I don't have a nickname exactly prepared for our guests,  but it did occur to me that like the mounted,  like one of the mounted heads on the wall in the show,  he is a real buff when it comes to the country fair,  champery.
  It's our old pal, Doug Jones.
  Hey Doug, what's happening?  Hi Doug.
 Hello, hello.
  Can't wait to talk bears with you all tonight.
  Oh geez, wonderful.
  You know, we're celebrating the show.
  I feel like you're, we're here to talk about the film,  but I imagine you're a big fan of the show as well.
  I feel like you've seen it internationally probably.
  Yes, I saw that one in Tokyo.
  Right on.
  One of the best days of my life.
  I love this show.
  You know, every time I go to Magic Kingdom,  it's always on the list and it never gets old.
  It's, I just saw it a month and a half ago and in October  and it still chokes me up every single time.
  The songs are so good, the characters so good.
  So when I got the call for Jambor Week, oh my God.
  I'm like, I know what to do.
  I'm there and apologies in advance for once again,  showing up here completely overprepared.
  Oh man, we love that.
  Loose leaf paper related to a bear attraction.
  That's what you heard for the last time.
  You're passionate about your animatronic bears  or in this case, your animatronic head bears.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Physical suits.
  I don't know what you call it exactly.
  Not puppets.
  Yeah, I don't know what to call it either.
  I don't want to get too much off on a tangent here,  but I just, I'm curious.
  Yesterday we were talking about pref, like preferred shows  and I don't feel, I'm not mad,  but I'm just wondering, Scott and our guest guy, Selga,  said they prefer the summer show.
  Are you an original guy?  Originalist.
  Or are you an originalist?  Are you a traditionalist?  I think I've only seen the original show in person.
  I've seen the other shows on YouTube,  which to reiterate what I was saying.
  That's the point you've given on this.
  Yeah, so as far as I'm concerned,  I haven't seen any other shows but the original.
  Gotcha, so you have to be an originalist.
  Yes.
 Okay.
  Which does factor in because the vacation hoedown,  although I did deem it my favorite,  well I saw it in person long ago,  I deemed it my favorite still just going off the video,  even forgetting that, or not even knowing  that some of the in theater effects were very good.
  That's what Guy was saying.
  Like Wendell blows out some of the lights  and you hear a bear crawling up in the attic  and there's the surround sound.
  So some of those things, as you have said, Doug,  that you need to do in person because the video doesn't,  Right.
  Doesn't reflect it.
  So yeah, homage to that theory.
  So I feel like having you to talk about the film,  Country Bears 2002, this is one of,  there's been several ongoing debates  that you've been involved in on the show.
  The most primary, well the biggest one that you've given  to podcasts, the Riot Lore, is the debate about,  is pizza riso good?  I'm so glad we finally settled that.
  The answer is yes and now we could finally move on.
  Hashtag pizza riso's good.
  It's been covered, we've all agreed.
  Hashtag Griffin and Newman is wrong.
  I don't remember Griffin even weighing in on it.
  You're keeping notes.
  Oh, don't worry, it's all behind us now.
  He covered it, decided, didn't have to go back.
  But the other way, I think a smaller debate, I feel like,  but it's come up before, is your opinion about this film  and your opinion about this film.
  Well, it might be more nuanced than it's good,  but I feel like you shined a light on  that maybe we should not be dismissive  for the Country Bears 2002.
  Yes.
  I had just happened to see it before I recorded that podcast  and I was really surprised because I had heard  how terrible it was and I found it delightful.
  People loathe, yeah, any time I've ever heard  of somebody who's- Don't read, yeah.
  Because they would loathe, they said they loathe it  and we had not seen it.
  Our impression was just from some clips on YouTube  and I think, Doug, you were upset with me  because I think I said,  they're not even the real bears in there.
  I said something along those lines  and you were like, they are the real bears,  those are the characters.
  Okay, so let's get it out, what you guys think.
  Okay.
  I have a bigger little like,  here's how this played out for me.
  Because I think there was discussion,  I think I felt like, well, to really see this through  and the debate through, it's like we should have Doug on.
  But then we thought, I think we're all going  to not like this movie and we wanna have the freedom  to just maybe just kind of snark and crap  on the movie a little bit and maybe Doug would be offended  by that or not dig that.
  Why don't we just see how we feel when we're watching it?  I was watching the movie and I thought,  I think we should get Doug in here  because I did not dislike this movie.
  Okay.
  I am not a not of, I had an enjoyable time  watching the film and I am shocked by this.
  I'm very surprised, but I don't know that that is the answer  for everyone in this room.
  Sure.
  So I appreciate your honesty  and we have all known each other long enough  that I feel like you don't have to worry  about hurting my feelings.
  I did not work on this film.
  I did not grow up, my little sister grew up  watching this on video tape.
  You are not director Peter Hastings.
  I am not.
  Also credit is with the footage for Mission Space,  the Epcot attraction.
  What a little fact before the-  You did your homework.
  I did, yeah.
  Yeah, I did not, I'm not attached, I didn't grow up,  I don't have a special childhood bond with this movie.
  I just, you know, saw it for the first time recently.
  So don't-  You're a wimpy convert.
  Let's all just talk openly.
  We're just gonna be-  Get it out.
  Have an open, honest discussion about what we feel  about The Country of Bears.
  So Scott is saying, we were talking a little bit about it  and we're like, yeah, if it's gonna be like a shit,  like just shitting on it.
  Cause I think I said, I think I said a week ago,  or what, two weeks ago at this point, I think,  it's gotta be awful, right?  It has to be awful.
  I said something along those lines, it has to be awful.
  And I think we were all like, yeah,  it's gotta be bad, right?  And I go, okay.
  So I started watching it and-  Want pins and needles.
  I started watching it and it is, so, okay, you know what?  Let me roll it back a little bit.
  Seeing clips of it and seeing like just the song,  like the performances in it.
  Or watching the trailer.
  Or watching the trailer.
  Or watching the trailer.
  It's not a good trailer.
  It doesn't get you excited about watching the movie.
  Immediately, I was sort of like put off  by I think the stuff that puts off a lot of people.
  The bears look a little strange.
  Some might say creepy.
  The songs are sort of modern country  and you're like sort of confused by what's going on.
  So it took me a little bit to calibrate.
  Not that long though.
  And once I calibrated, I was like,  this is pretty good, isn't it?  Wow.
  This movie is-  Wow, yeah.
  This movie is like, I can kind of point to like one  or two things in each scene that's like,  and I'm not saying this is amazing.
  I'm not saying it's incredible,  but like I can point to one or two things in each scene  that I go, well, that's pretty funny.
  That's an idea there.
  Exactly.
  I like this, I like this song.
  Or I like this, the big L's.
  He said a funny line.
  In almost every scene,  I can point to something that I like.
  Something, right.
  There's little gifts.
  I agree.
  There sure is.
  There sure is.
  There sure is.
  This is the feedback so far.
  I would turn now to Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  Well, Scott, with a $35 million budget  and an $18 million gross, America said no.
  And so do I.
  Okay.
  Because I thought this was an unpleasant film to watch.
  I thought reasonably good punch up pass did not save it.
  I thought there's some voice actors I liked in it.
  Steven Root, of course, wonderful in King of the Hill.
  Dietrich Bader pulling double duty  as both a human character and doing voice.
  Copping, yeah.
  There's-  Walk-in?  Walk-in.
  When he goes, bears, bears, or whatever.
  I can't do a walk-in.
  I don't know, I'm not Kevin Bullock.
  There's some stuff I liked.
  It's certainly not the worst thing  we've ever watched for this show.
  It's well above-  That's sort of how I feel.
  See, you said at the top you didn't like it,  but then everything you said is on my list  of reasons to like it.
  So I think we're in agreement on a lot here.
  I just, it doesn't come together for me as a movie.
  I don't understand what their thinking was.
  Well, I do kind of understand what their thinking was.
  I think there used to be a lot more disdain  at like it was distasteful to, in poor taste,  to adapt something coarse like a ride, you know?  And that's why you see like Haunted Mansion  or Pirates of the Caribbean, those early 2000s  as they're kind of doing this, you know,  the first real round of adaptations  outside of Tower of Terror.
  They've changed a lot.
  I, this one, they changed a lot from the ride  and I don't know to what end.
  To what, how did it help them?  How did it help?  Why did this need to happen to make the film?  Okay, well, this is,  so everybody's opinions are on the table.
  It's three against one, not in the way-  That's what I mean.
  I don't think I knew where,  I thought it was maybe gonna be a two against two.
  And, but though again, let's be clear,  but when you say it didn't really come together,  I'm also like, yeah, I agree.
  Clearly it didn't come together for America  for a lot of viewers.
  But I think it does just boil down to I'm watching it  and I don't, I did not hate the fact.
  I feel like that was exactly where I was expecting to land.
  I was going into it, I was more worried about like,  now this is the difference-  It's stressful.
  I was worried going into it  because I go, oh man, it's gonna be awful.
  Like I'm so worried.
  And like versus like when I watched Clifford  for the first time and look, everyone listening out there,  we are all our little Cliffords  and we're Cliffords as well.
  Not our big red dogs.
  Not our big red dogs.
  We have to clarify now there's been a big hit Clifford.
  That's a good point.
  It's stolen the name brazenly  from where we know should be the main source of it.
  But most of the movie Clifford,  other than the one scene everybody likes that's funny  and the end is unpleasant.
  And I was going in there like, oh yes, hell yeah.
  Like I'm gonna be, this is gonna be,  I'm gonna tell everybody that this is actually good.
  Like I was excited about that.
  I love that, I love that.
  It's fun often to have the opinion that like, well actually.
  But that was, that's the difference.
  Jason was like, well I watched it, I loved it.
  I love Clifford.
  Wait a second.
  The Old Man Rapper Rant.
  Huh?  That's wild.
  The Old Man Rapper Rant.
  The Old Man Rapper Rant.
  The Old Man Rapper Rant.
  Are very funny.
  I liked that they exist but I wasn't like,  oh what a good piece of comedy.
  He does like a Looney Tune.
  He grabs him with a rope.
  He does like a Looney Tune kind of like live action cartoon,  the director primarily has worked in animation  and there's one or two like choices in this  where I'm like.
  You're not on Clifford anymore, okay, okay.
  No, no.
  I didn't see the turn.
  So I see, Clifford does the rope  that I think that's a little cartoony.
  In Country Bears there's like a map.
  There's footage of them driving on the map.
  Like there's stuff that seems like right out of like  a cartoon.
  And there is a cartoon, a little bit of a cartoon  in there too.
 Yes.
  I think one of the high marks is their little cheaty app.
  I love that.
  Or bear up.
  If we're talking about it now,  yeah, that is a moment where it became impossible for me  to say that I disliked the film.
  When you were sort of, the band is mostly reunited  and they're like having old memories.
  Like what's stuff from our past?  And they're just, they're in a hotel  and they're all huddled together watching  their old Yogi Bear style.
  Yogi Bear and the way that they run,  but then the actual animation is so accurately  like the shitty Beatles cartoon.
  Yes, it is.
  Like it's just a knocked out kind of like badly designed.
  They barely move or anything.
  The voices are wrong.
  It's almost like comment.
  It's almost like a meta.
  It's what people might say about this movie  if you're a fan of the show.
  Right, right.
  And then they're like a gassed after  and one of them says that this is bad or that was bad.
  And that's funny.
  And it's a funny line.
  Funny facial performance.
  Yeah, that moment I'm like, I can't look.
  It's, I've gone too far here.
  I can't say that.
  Just like a movie that has this in it.
  Here's a question I have for you, Doug.
  I think a lot of the breakdown of opinions about this movie  and kind of where we expected to fall is,  well, if you really love the show,  you're going to hate the movie because it's not the stuff  that you like in the show, but you like both.
  Do you, you don't feel betrayed by that it's that  the characters are different and they don't look the same.
  It makes sense that they're different  because it's all these years later.
  So it's the same characters, but they look different  because they're older, you know, big Al is like,  he could barely, you know, walk.
  He's this old man and they've kind of taken.
  How old are they supposed to be?  Taken the show that we love  and they've expanded the universe  and they fleshed out the characters.
  I went back last week and watched a second time  just to prepare their podcast.
  I liked it better the second time.
  I got more references.
  There's little, like you said, Mike, like little like treats  for the fans, for the people who know the original,  the only they would get.
  And it's, I find that very satisfying  all the little Easter eggs.
  Do you, do you remember it?  Cause I forget what it doesn't,  don't they say it's been like 20 years  since they they've been together?  Something like that.
  They broke up in 91 and the movie is,  I guess it would be 10 years or so.
  More like 10 years.
  Okay.
  So yeah, cause I, they have a little bit  and it's before the, the diner musical number  where they show a little bit of what I,  we were calling like tiny little box music,  which is what I was saying.
  Why I still prefer the original show is that I like it  to feel a little bit more like way in the past  than the summer show, which to me feels a little bit  more modern because of the clothing and the music style.
  You want it to be scratchy and in a tin can.
  Exactly.
  Oh my lady.
  Oh my roly poly.
  It's like, it's far away.
  The music is far away when you're listening  to the recording and they do a little bit of it in the movie.
  They show a little bit of a flashback,  but ultimately it's like much more like modern country  and also like Eagle.
  It's like Eagles and like modern kind of George Strait,  Bonnie Raitt style country music.
  Yes.
  I mean, this brings me to, I think probably the thing  that I dislike the most about the movie is the music.
  I think the music is tough for me.
  Yeah.
  It's a lot of what I will politely call baby boomer bullshit.
  Yeah.
  Eagles kind of like, I mean, even just like this band  getting back to get like, it feels like,  oh, the Eagles are back, Crosby, Sills and Nash  are back to get like, it's just like, who, what?  Children.
  This is a movie ostensibly for children.
  Like, how could it be so much in this that's like,  oh, this is for like the boomer parents.
  Yeah.
  It's like like brain fried kind of like guys would grit,  but you know what we've had our feuds, but we're family.
  Like, yeah, why does a child want to see that?  But why does a child want to watch any of it?  Like there's no version other than like boy band,  maybe country or like young BTS bears  where the child would want.
  I think would have been a more like of its time approach.
  I mean, there's little odd little hints  of like 2000s music.
  Oh, not hints.
  You have more than one like failed pop, like aspiring pop star.
  You do not read today.
  Are we going to talk about Crystal?  So let's talk Crystal.
  Yeah, let's talk.
  Yes, because I was wondering what genre of music is this sequence?  And the answer is Crystal.
  Crystal, who did.
  Crystal is the genre.
  Yeah, Crystal seemingly is the genre  and did music in the Princess Diaries soundtrack  and the Legally Blonde soundtrack.
  So trying to make her happen.
  Yeah, there's just suddenly for context for the listener,  one of the when you go and see what all the country bears are up to,  one of them is just like a security guard on a music video set.
  And this pop star is just like super sweet to him.
  Just like like, oh, boy, here, well, follow me.
  Harmonica, you play really?  And it's like the they're going so overboard to make Crystal look really humble.
  Like Crystal's a big pop star.
  But Crystal's treating this old bear past his prime, like with as much kindness  as if he was in her family.
  It's so cool that Crystal's so down to earth.
  But then you go, what's Crystal?  This is Chris.
  Country Bears movie was supposed to launch your career.
  Oh, boy.
  This was the because I guess she if she'd done Princess Diaries,  she's like been in the Disney fold and like, yeah, giving you a big old full  music video.
 That's just like right.
  She just has this entire five minutes to her.
  So they really they do a good job of making her seem like something.
  Yeah, I was like, I should know who this is.
  Uh huh.
  As as as they do the same for Miss Jennifer Page, the waitress who also does  the musical.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Jennifer Page, singer of the hit song Crush.
  Crush is a hit.
  Yeah.
 A lot of remixes on that song.
  Both of them, a lot of kept putting out albums like both of them worked quite a bit.
  I'll be honest, I did not enjoy these portions of the movie, but you know what?  There has to be something for the kids.
  I got it.
 It's Y2K.
  They had to do it.
  I'm I didn't let it didn't ruin the movie for me.
  It's the kids demanded Jennifer Page and Crystal.
  Yeah, it's a fine now.
  Now we can now like now we can go like balls to the wall with Brian Setzer.
  The kids are still they still got Crystal in their brain.
  And it is as dated as certain parts of this movie may be.
  I really think that it it holds up well to almost 20 years later.
  I mean, the whole like storyline revolves around this Country Bear Hall,  which is, you know, like six years behind in background.
  And like they're trying to save the venue.
  And that's what's going on right now in the country after the pandemic.
  Right.
 We have all these music venues that are closing  some that are also like behind in background and they're doing fundraisers for.
  There's this whole hashtag saver stages movement going on right now.
  So I I kind of find the plot that the basic bare bones plot of this movie  very relatable in 2021.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  That's there's a hidden meaning you didn't even realize.
  It's like if you imagine this is in a world where like  there's been like a bear specific disease, like a covid that's only for bears.
  The bear flu.
 Right.
  And it's it's just like really decimated, you know, the  bear concert venues across the country.
 Right.
  And just, you know, that ups the stakes of it for me.
 Right.
  On the other hand, what they need to save the bear hall is twenty thousand dollars.
  I feel like if they put out a reissue, they would have made that money.
  There's a couple.
 There are some logicals in this.
  And I do think I have this I have this complaint a lot with with movies  that take characters that were like completely like very, very famous  at one point and then make them like completely obscure and broke,  which I know happens.
  But if the country bears were like the biggest act ever,  which they do present them as like a huge like Eagles level band.
  Number one song.
 Yeah.
  They have you ever seen an episode of VH1 behind the music?  This is I have.
 Yes.
  But they were familiar story.
  The country bears, though, multiple hit albums from the  feeling of it, I would say, not just one off.
  Well, I don't know.
 I like Doug's point.
  You know, hey, that show started off with Hammer.
  That was the second Willie Nelson lost all his money and star of the film.
  The Country Bears 2002 is there.
  That's true.
  Is there an example of like an Eagles level band  where they all went back to regular jobs?  I don't think so.
  I wish the answer was the Eagles.
  That is that two part  Eagles documentary is maybe one of the best movies I've ever seen, because.
  Yeah.
 Outside of Joe Walsh and who is the guy who joined later?  The soft spoken guy, Timothy B.
  Schmidt.
 Yeah.
  Every so many of them just come off as maniacs.
  Just like cruel, like.
  Yeah.
 Don Henley has resting murderer face.
  Yeah.
 Henley's a frightening in his eyes.
  Frightening man.
  And a big part of this movie.
  I think the thing that got me, one of the things that got me,  there is a scene where Trixie Trixie is in this.
  One of the characters is named Trixie, like in the show.
  The singing is done by Bonnie Raitt, wonderful singer.
  And then does a duet with the very voice by Don Henley.
  Henley.
 Yes.
 And I was just like, oh, like, can I back up?  Can I back up? You guys like Bonnie Raitt?  You're both like wonderful singer.
 Very good.
  How everybody everybody's so funny.
  Rae Rae is a no.
 I mean, I just.
  Yes.
 Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  But if we're taking like because I go like something to talk about,  like the most I roll, you talk about boomer shit.
  Something to talk about is think of a lamer song.
  Yeah.
 Did I praise Bonnie?  Wait, did I just say it was like modern day country, though?  I just described the music.
  I don't understand how that would interfere with your enjoyment of the movie,  because if you don't like Bonnie Raitt or, you know, like right.
  Then maybe maybe she should be reduced to a singing voice of an animatronic  character.
 And that's right where you want her to be.
  I think I am more annoyed that I could see the strings of the filmmakers going  like and the parents are just going to be out.
  They're going to love that.
 Right.
  Dad Henley and Bonnie Raitt's got a duet.
  I was just like, geez, come on.
  Can I describe the surreal circumstances under which I first  saw this film?  Not all of it, but just some of it.
  I was this.
  It's just weird detail that I was on vacation.
  My wife and I were in Argentina.
  Actually, we were in Iguazu.
  We're going to see like the most beautiful waterfalls in the world,  which that's in Soren over the world.
  Those are the waterfalls in that.
 And we were it.
  It was the kind of trip where it's South America.
  So we were just like super jet lagged the whole time.
  We were just like it was all weird and surreal and it was like humid as hell.
  And we're very tired from a lot of like the hiking  and just like so sweaty and like, God, we need a brother.
  Let's just like lie in the hotel room just really quick.
  And threw on weird dubbed TV  and found just turn it on straight to this scene in this movie,  not expecting to see it.
  I've never seen one moment from this movie whatsoever.
  I believe dubbed.
 I think it must have been dubbed.
  So that's adding to the oddity of it.
  And we're just delirious and like, what's going on?  And then this scene begins.
  So it's not even the right voices to begin with.
  It's like South American actors.
  And then the singing begins and like, I'm sorry, what?  It is clearly Don Henley and Bonnie Rae.
  I'd never heard of that.
  And then as the song goes on, then there's a little moment  or cuts to them at the bar, real Henley and Rae  who turn and look at each other like, hey, not so bad.
  Yeah, if I say so myself,  I know we just really thought like, what did we land?  Like if you go straight into that, right to the heart of love, if you will.
  But that's it feels we felt so crazy.
  We're like, is this the craziest movie?  That's why if you watch clips, you see the bears only for a minute or two  and your brain doesn't have time to readjust.
  It needs time to learn that these bears are friendly and you like them.
  And instead, I think most brains just go, oh, and like just that  that thought lingers and then that's it.
  That colors your impression of the movie.
  Very well put.
 Thank you.
  I had jet lag on this movie.
  I had to like my brain had to calibrate.
  It has to calibrate to the snouts and the fur and the like all like body size.
  They're all like so like they're big and they're but odd.
  Like they're all big L sized for some reason.
  That's something that's weird to me that I don't quite understand is why.
  Yeah, the OK, I get them looking different  and not being the specific ones from the show in a lot of cases.
  But why are they why do they all have essentially the same right body?  You can make different sizes, right?  I guess it'd be easier to tell them apart because it is hard to tell them apart.
  I'm sorry.
 Who's and they're all named better head.
  I agree.
 There's so many of them.
  It's very more than a machine.
  I actually had to make like a little diagram like  that was the only way I could come here tonight and truly feel prepared  to know the difference between Ted and Fred and Zeb  because it gets tricky.
  Yeah, but yeah, it does.
  It takes a while for you to wrap your head around like, OK, what I'm looking at is  this is all practical.
  This is all done in front of the camera.
  There's there is no.
  You ask yourself for a second, wait a minute.
  But what about the mouse or the mouse CGI or the no, no, they did it for real  and never did that again,  which is one of the reasons why I another reason why I appreciate this movie so much.
  It's a technical achievement.
  I mean, yes, technically correct.
  But again, I say to what end?  Because I feel like the aesthetics are missing.
  I feel like they're the choice.
  I don't understand.
  And I feel like the failure of movies like this doing so much practically  is what led studios to then look at how cheap CGI was becoming.
  You think the failure of the country bears is why we have like CGI goop, though?  I think no, I didn't take it that far.
  I think the like compounding.
  Well, there's these shoots, I'm sure.
  I think might might be right.
  What?  I'm just saying like, you know, they have the cheaper  those things, any any even the good ones took up tons of time and money.
  And it was just like there's no way that wasn't going to happen if  studios caught wind that they could do it faster and cheaper.
  Can I propose this to this is going to seem contrary.
  Everybody just like everybody's taking deep breaths before you hear what I'm about.
  All right.
 We all grew up with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.
  And we, I think, are pretty passionate and love these films.
  If we had been 10 years older, I don't think we like those movies.
  Right.
 I think critics hated them.
  And I still on by any reasonable metric, I would say those first two  especially are better movies than this.
  I think even I think a critic would have to say that.
  But aren't we like, isn't it possible that like  like like people at that time, like an adult at that time  would not have been bowled over by the like technical, impressive,  technically impressive nature of it.
  We love it because we love the turtles.
  There was no choice but to love the turtles in those years.
  But like, well, it gets creepy.
  That's kind of what you're getting at movies that are creepy.
  And so sure, just like there's moments of this.
  Yeah.
 And some people would some people criticize because like the first movie,  the turtles look a little scarier and then they get they get more cartoonish as you go.
  But some people also claim they get more nightmarish in two and three  because they're trying to be more of a cartoon, which is actually a little odder  than the first one where they look, I don't know, you want to say realistic  or realistic.
  So there is certainly something to that.
  I'm sure many adult many an adult went into the theater and were like,  what the fuck is this?  This is against God.
  And this is this is a  people creating those are easily better movies.
  I agree on an aesthetic basis and a box office basis.
  So yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true.
  Yes, they were they resonated and they hit.
  But I'm I do think there are people at the time would have like.
  Well, right.
 It's for walking around anthropomorphic turtle men  who are naked with bandanas around their eyes is weird and unnerving.
  But we are we were young and we were like, you know,  so hyped up about those characters.
  Now, is is the Country Bear movie?  Are those characters way more unnerving?  Than the turtles? Yes, probably.
  Yes.
 But honestly, I didn't find them that unnerving  once I had watched 10 minutes of the movie.
  Yeah, I had the exact same experience started it.
  I always do like the test of watching it with Aaron.
  I'm like, OK, we got like, see what you think.
  Just sit down, see if you did and feel free to bail.
  And I'll just watch it myself.
  Yeah, starts that first concert starts where they're about as scary as they.
  Aaron just said really quickly, they're scary.
  It was in question whether we're going to keep watching it.
  And they are just are they're aggressive.
  They're like flying.
 Yeah, it's very aggressive.
  Yeah.
 Weight is very clear.
  They're falling through the floor.
  It's a pretty you start and think like, oh, this is going to be.
  But then you just like start to it's at least it started to win us over.
  And then, you know, we watch everything in two parts because baby and go to sleep.
  And she's like, so save it for me.
  Well, we'll finish it tomorrow.
  That's a good.
  That's a pretty big endorsement.
  Go, Aaron.
 We had a good.
  We had we were really looking forward to and then the next morning, like,  oh, I can't wait for country bears tonight.
  Now it's four against one.
  Great.
  Like Barry Barrington, he you see him early on and he's a little boy bear.
  And he looks he is unnerving.
  But he out of all the bears, he made me the most uncomfortable.
  But because I completely disagree.
  Yeah, I know.
  But when Barry Barrington comes back to the family, I got emotional.
  And I'm not lying.
 I swear.
  Yeah, I felt for this little guy.
  I really like him.
  I think I think he's cute.
  I am the first to back you up on things that are cute.
  I know.
 I think he's cute.
  I am not.
  Hook me to the lie detector.
 I think he's cute.
  I agree.
 But that's here's my opinion on Barry, our hero character, if you will.
  He's a little bit of a Walter from the Luppets.
  Totally.
 He's not an original character.
  OK, totally.
 I mean, this is I mean, I'm not the first one to say this.
  It's all over the Internet.
  Yes, yes.
 The exact same plot as the puppet, the 2011.
  Yeah, so many.
 Yes.
  Levels.
 Just really quickly.
  It's a world that is randomly spotted with its humans,  but that's randomly spotted with Jim Henson puppet creatures.
  And there's one who feels different than the humans.
  And he realizes he is one of the creatures.
  So he goes around to reunite a fractured group in an old  claggety bus to save the old venue  that where they used to play, which is being threatened by an on the nose  villain played by an actor with a genuine, respectable body of work.
  That's right.
 And that is a much better movie with much better music.
  The silence, silence in the room.
  Am I nuts?  No, I mean, that's better.
  I'm not going to say you're wrong.
  What's the song? I enjoyed that Muppets.
  The Muppets.
 Yeah, there's that song that James Bobin  Muppets.
  What's the what's a Brett?  What's his name from the flight of the conference?  I wrote that song.
  There's an Academy Award winning song.
  There's a song in there too.
 I like.
  That's undeniable music is.
  Yeah, though I music in this.
  I like I like most of the music in the movie.
  You like the music.
 Yeah, I don't.
  I don't fall in this.
 Is this crazy?  I don't love everything, but I like it.
  I'm not a fan of country music.
  But this the the the Jamboree and the movie, there's  you can't help but to not love it.
  You know, well, the music somebody likes.
  I don't I'm not I wasn't crazy about the music in the movie.
  But if somebody likes like contemporary country music,  I feel like they're going to love this and they're going to want to run out  and buy the soundtrack because I feel like they got that right.
  They got it right.
  They got the the vibe, the tune.
 Exactly.
  Of course, my my preference is old.
  Caught in little Jimmy Dickens.
  You know, that's my my preference.
  But of course, yeah, no, I like I like some country, modern country.
  I like it if it's gimmicky.
  We've talked about this already at this point this week a few times.
  I'll be like, you know, we like Red Solo Cup.
  You know, we like some of these other songs.
  Do you consider because I was introduced into the world  of Jimmy Buffett from you and the episode that you all did on.
  He's I mean, there's definitely country influences.
  A lot of it.
 Yeah.
  There's a lot of the old stuff, too, especially.
  I'm a big fan of Wilco, which is alt country, I guess is what you'd call it.
  So I like why you love the music in the country bears movie.
  I love that you love the music.
  That's a part.
 I don't love the music in the country bears,  but I do like the music and I could.
  Yeah, I don't.
  It's not it's not like the greatest I've ever heard.
  But I like I like the Brian Setzer scene.
  I'll be honest with you.
  Oh, I like that.
  I like it.
  We actually I perked up because I was a nerdy little high schooler.
  It was like I love when the Brian Setzer Orchestra is on Conan.
  Oh, I.
  Why didn't I get more dates in high school talking about Conan?  You know, the 1230 show and Brian set  gave buying Brian Setzer orchestra CDs at senior week, you know,  just doing all the cool stuff.
  I hate Brian Setzer so much.
  I devoted a really long stretch of my show, Moonbeam City,  to trying to make a shitty song like those Brian Setzer  just with no point other than these things suck.
  Don't they rock a billy?  I don't know what it is.
  Again, there's only two people are so fucking mad.
  Do you hate rock them, Doug?  Do you? Am I like I don't get it.
  Just why? Why would I explain Brian?  But is it the rockabilly?  Do you like hate rockabilly as an idea?  Yeah, I think me or a new rockabilly.
  I I I agree.
  I agree.
 OK, all right.
  You're not like Rock this town tonight.
  I mean, I'm a huge rock down down and I don't know.
  Do I like rock this time? Why?  I like rock this.
 Why?  I don't say rock.
  One sentence about why you like rock this town other than I don't love rock this.
  I don't love rock this.
  I'm not mad at it.
 Let's do it.
  All right.
 Sure.
 I qualify.
  Yeah, y'all know I'm a big like Tiki bar guy.
  Uh huh.
 Right.
  And there's a lot of I don't know.
  I'm sure it's going to be hard to figure out.
  But there's a lot of rockabilly crossover with the Tiki crowd.
  Oh, right.
  I see a lot of people at Tiki bars wearing Hawaiian shirts, of course.
  But then also you see like the bowling shirts and the, you know,  chained wallets and and tattoos.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's it's it's very much feels like a piece,  like a lot of comic stores, less so now.
  But a lot of comic stores used to be split with comic books and dungeons and dragons  in both places.
 I like comic books.
  I like Tiki bars.
  I never got into or understood Dungeons and Dragons.
  I don't understand or got in.
  I never got into rockabilly.
  There you go.
 Yeah, I get it.
  I get.
 Thank you.
  I was not a rockabilly guy.
  I'm not saying I'm a big rockabilly.
  There's no photos of you.
  A little flip.
 There's no photo.
  Like a brief, like two month  fad where you got into it, you bought all these records  and then you sold them and changed your mind.
  I don't think so.
  If I had the hair like that, it was only because I wanted to dress  like one of the Ninja Turtle characters, the neutrinos who had very rockabilly  hair because they were from the space.
  Rockabilly is not swing revival.
  No, it's not.
  He did both.
 Yeah.
  Transit.
 He flipped it.
  I don't like either of them.
  I like swing revival.
  I know.
 I really like it.
  I'm looking through rockabilly.
  Riot.
  I did like Zoot Riot.
  Yeah, I was into that at the time, for sure.
  But I was not a guy who liked swing revival.
  I was not a swing revival guy, but I liked the singles.
  I like the hits.
  But I'm looking like rockabilly.
  They consider like old Carl Perkins songs like Honey Don't.
  Everybody trying to be my baby.
  Like, that's fun.
 Those are fun songs.
  Are these the same type of people that go to like Dapper Day at Disney?  Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  There's a lot of Carl Perkins.
 For sure.
  More power to them.
  Yeah, I love that.
  Yeah.
 But they are very, very specific.
  What with what Dapper means to them,  because I showed up to Dapper Day once wearing kind of like a mod  Beatles 60s suit and they just kind of like they were upset.
  Eyes at me.
 I was the wrong.
  I was the wrong decade.
  You were the wrong kind of Dapper.
  I like there's a specific type of Dapper.
  I love what they do.
 I'm not knocking them.
  Yeah.
 But I can never do that.
  I can never make my hair look like that.
  I don't have access to the clothes that they have.
 Right.
  I just can't.
 I can't do swinging  20s or is that right?  You know, I think you'd be OK if you did.
  I feel like I see a lot more variety.
  I don't know.
 I was staying at the Disneyland Hotel once and  maybe we were walking through it once and there was a Dapper Day  convention going on, but it was about to close for the day.
  And I was I was like, oh, man, I would have.
  Definitely bought a ticket and walked through that.
  So what the convention we were at Stakehouse 55 when we met a listener.
  And forgive me, I'm forgetting your name, but we met someone who was there  for Dapper Days, right? That's what you're talking about that day.
  Well, it was Dapper.
  They they had the convention like part of the convention center  rented out for like vendors.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  And we both said we will do your hair and like they they have people style you now.
  So maybe if knowing that maybe I could go do the Dapper Day.
  I'll just correct myself.
  I said swinging 20s like an idiot.
  It's roaring 20.
  Roaring 20s.
 Yeah.
  It's like the swinging 60s.
 Yeah.
  That's yeah.
  I just because that's I was raised to believe I was born in the 60s.
  That's more of a decade that I relate to.
  Maybe I should start Mod Day at Disneyland.
  That's great.
  The same day.
  And then and then everybody meets up.
  Like instead of mods and rockers, it'd be like mods.
  We should.
  I mean, he's quadrophenic, quadrophenia, really directed.
  Oh, my God.
 I'm so into this idea.
  I'm going to go straight home and start to work on it.
  I've been recruiting for Mod Day.
  There's, you know, also, if you look at the musical,  like the people who came together to work on this thing.
  Yeah, we got heartbreakers playing on this thing.
  Mike Campbell and Ben Montenge.
  You got Pete Thomas, Elvis Costello's.
  Yeah, come on and catch that.
  Oh, and wait a second, Doug, what you alerted me to via text  about this film and the musical.
 Go ahead.
  Oh, I'm well, you pointed out how we've been sort of in promoting this event.
  We were kind of comparing the country bears or the amount of time  that we'll be talking on all of these to get back that it's our get back.
  Making a lot of like musical illusions.
  The country bears like this or that.
  And we've all we've devoured get back.
  There is common personnel between this soundtrack,  the music, the movie and get back.
  And that is what's his name?  Glenn Johns, Glenn Johns, really?  And for the get back sessions with the with the wild jacket.
  I like he comes off well, I think.
  He does.
 Yeah.
  And he stands out because the only guy he looks and dresses cooler  than the Beatles.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Well, you're like, who is this guy?  It's almost like they start dressing like him a little bit now.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Rooftop.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Clothing ideas.
  And Glenn tells John Glenn warns John or Mrs.
  Spoiler alert, by the way, at the end of the movie, Glenn  warns John not to go with the manager that they eventually went with,  which was a bad idea.
  Glenn is telling him, don't do it.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  That's who Paul was against.
  And that was the three on one split with the Beatles that caused the entire.
  Right.
 That really like extra blew them up as a book.
  And then he made the music that brought another great band  back together.
  It's just weird.
  Like this guy's we've all seen him now, like working on all of these.
  Yeah.
 Classic let it be songs.
  And he's also doing straight to the heart of.
  He did like so many of the classic Rolling Stones albums  and a lot of Eagles.
  Yeah.
 That is where I think that's why he was hired for that.
  I think he I think he worked with this guy, John Hyatt before.
  Now, I'm not familiar with John Hyatt and the body of work.
  You could probably point to me to a John Hyatt thing or two that I would like.
  But based on my general feelings about the music in this movie,  I'm tempted to say I think John Hyatt sucks.
  But maybe that is just  like I'm kind of throwing him under the I'm giving him the blame.
  He's the singer of a lot of it, too.
  Yeah.
 Please, anyone.
  I'm not trying to be aggressive about this.
  If there's good John Hyatt out there.
  I'm not going to challenge you.
  Have a little faith in me as one of his songs.
  I guess I don't know that one or version of OK.
  I'm not I'm not going to pretend I know I don't know him very well or anything.
  I just know yet that he is a guy and that's one or two songs.
  Can I just really quick just play the just so the listeners know  and we'll post the clip, but this I can't not just here's a little  there's the what the character.
  So this is Tennessee.
  This is one of the rights from the show.
  And he is speaking.
  It's another king of the hill voice, Toby Hus, who's so great.
  I think a really funny vocal performance.
  And then I'll skip ahead from him talking to the singing.
  Oh, Tracey, I'm all a mess on a cat of how much I miss you.
  I know you.
  Also, this is this.
  How do we feel about this?  Come hither eyes, bear this like this sexy puppet bear.
  I was here.
  It's a.
  It's like two.
 It's too human.
  A little bit.
 You're not expecting a love story in this movie.
  So kind of, you know, it's kind of comes as a shot.
  A little too real.
 Yeah.
  And the guys are all comfy looking and then she's OK.
  Sure, sure, sure.
  I think the she's hot.
  You're saying she's hot.
  I'm too hot.
  Reason I'm uncomfortable is I'm so attracted to the Muppet Bear.
  No, the it's so much like  Nala in.
 Oh, right, right, right, right, right.
  Just this very seductive like look, just like the fuck me eyes.
  Right.
 It's just what it is.
  We all know the knowledge.
  It's the second gay.
 You can just say it.
  Anyway, so that's the guy like, oh, God, I can't because I miss you.
  And I'll try to know I did note the eyes.
  I watch it.
 Can I want to?  Those eyes striking, right?  OK, anyway, then.
  I'm almost done.
 Hang on.
  I think that's where I'm like this.
  Sticks moments that astounders.
  I this is I feel like this is what adults liked.
  This is what was winning all the Grammys in the early 80s is I'm kind of like  come to of awareness of the world around me.
  I'm like this boy.
  Adults are wrong right now.
 Yeah.
  Stinks the cocaine and the ludes are just going right to their heads.
  It's interesting.
  Does anyone here will have anything like they would consider  like country that they listen to regularly?  Anything that comes close to the genre?  I've had like the Gramm Parsons a little bit or a little bit of Hank Williams.
  OK, the closest for me is probably like Lee Hazelwood,  but I don't consider it.
  He's one of my all time favorites.
  Yeah, but I don't really consider him country.
  I think of him more as like cowboy pop music.
  Right, right.
 I mean, it's all it's all right on the edge.
  But also, you know, this isn't country music.
  No, no, no.
  But it is closer to that.
  Yeah, that old adult contemporary version of country.
  Yeah, from 25 years ago.
  But that's what it's all like.
  Even when you listen to some modern country, you go, well, take the voice out  with the accent and just put in a pop singer.
  It's like it's not really.
  I think it's like they don't have a lot of twang.
  I think more country.
 I'd like it more.
  That's probably true.
 Yeah, I agree with that.
  I suppose supposedly a big owl  sang blood on the saddle and they filmed it and ended up on the cutting room floor.
  So it's horrible.
  It seems like they tried to get some old country in there  and it didn't make the cut.
 Right.
  I think that is one of the things that's missing for me from this movie,  because this is a thing.
  This reminds me of like a current qualm I have.
  Like, so the Mark Davis concept art for this is so good.
  And of course, the source material show is so good.
  And I point similarly to the Jack Herbie art on the Eternals is so good  and big and bright and interesting.
  And in that movie, they just flattened everything out, turned all the costumes.
  Everyone just looks like they're a speed skater at the Olympics.
  And the same thing in this.
  It's like, what?  Why did they make these these choices of these costumers?  The big looks.
  You're not.
 Why do you think you're going to out design Mark Dave?  Like, I agree.
  Look, you're I completely agree with what you're saying.
  Not me, man.
  Fucking love Eternals.
  I'm out of here.
  Jason, you've gone too far.
  Scott's flying out of here.
  He just put us an eternal suit on.
  Grab my Kingo action figure and hit in the road.
  Put on a speed skating suit and skated out of here.
  But my god.
 No, no, no.
  Yeah, obviously, the original show was better.
  The original songs are better, for sure.
  But, you know, with comic books, it's an adaptation of a different thing.
  So as soon as again, 10 minutes in, I settled in.
  All right.
 This is what the bears look like.
  You're not getting your bears.
  You're not getting the huh huh.
  That's not going to happen for these songs.
  You're not going to have fun stuff.
  This is a different thing.
  This is a new interpretation of a classic tale of classic characters.
  This is a different thing.
  So I agree with you.
  The original is better.
  Those characters are somewhat like Wendell alone.
  Wendell looks so funny in the original country bears.
  How would you leave Wendell out?  That's weird.
 In this one, he does.
  He's a goofy character.
  Liver lips out.
  He's probably my favorite.
  There's so many characters like that are so specific.
  At least they do not.
  That's better.
  Well, they do like three.
  They give three characters, which is a nice nod.
  Right.
  But you go, well, those characters are even more specific.
  Like, did they look exactly like these other bears too?  So, of course, I don't know.
  I would love to know why they decided to take the characters.
  They used a lot of the five bear rugs.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And that makes sense because these.
.
.
  They were the musicians.
  They're already in a band.
  Yes.
  They were analysts.
  A core group in the show.
  I'm guessing that was the decision making process behind that.
  Did you guys catch.
.
.
  Because I went as far as picking up the DVD so I can watch the movie with the commentary.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, great.
  That's great.
  I scored it.
  If you guys want to score one for yourselves, I bid on it on eBay and won the final.
.
.
  I was the sole bidder and the final price was $3.
24.
  I was going to guess around $3.
  Oh, damn.
  We should have turned this into a game.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's all right.
  Sorry.
  Oh, that's all right.
  Well, the DVD commentary.
.
.
  I did not get what I wanted out of the DVD commentary because it was the director doing  it with Ted and Zed, Deidre Bader and Steven Root, which is kind of funny because those  are really funny guys.
  And they had just come a couple of years earlier from being in office space together.
  But as far as me trying to learn concrete facts about the production of the movie, that's  not where I got it from.
  I found that other places, but not in the DVD commentary.
  But one little piece of information that I was able to pick up from that, because it's  hard to weed.
.
.
  They're just cracking jokes and improvising and making stuff up.
  But the director did say that the country bear's torbess is named Zeke.
  And it's a tribute to the one character from The Five Bear Rugs that we don't see because  he passed away.
  What?  Zeke is dead?  Zeke's dead, baby.
  Why?  Why does he need to be dead?  That's as far as they go.
  It's the first movie.
  We don't know why.
  We're going to make this a movie.
  We got to get on the same page about one thing.
  Zeke's dead, right?  Zeke is dead.
  But you can't make it with him alive.
  He's been cut.
  My guess?  Heroin overdose.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Bear-oin overdose.
  Bear-oin.
  Oh, oh.
  Thank you, Scott.
  Just like Zeb Zeber is like, he has a drinking problem, but not an alcohol drinking problem,  a honey drinking problem.
  It's a honey drinking problem.
  He owes Cha Cha, the bartender, $500 in back payment of his death.
  Yes.
  This is the newspaper headline at the beginning, Zuber's sticky honey problem.
  And that's one of those things.
  How can you not like Zuber's sticky honey problem?  There's so many jokes like that in this movie, and I just pun intended eat it up.
  Let's say some of these things that we.
.
.
  Okay, sure.
  Because it seems like you agree with this, Jay.
  There's just things in it that are like, okay, that car wash sequence is really bonkers.
  There's a really great line.
  It's not this exactly, but Dietrich Bader says, can I put the window down?  And the other officer says, yeah, put your window down.
  It's all right.
  Police business.
  Like that's the problem.
  But they said it's so complicated.
  And then of course they get shot in the face with soap.
  And I was like, that's a good gag.
  And then Bader gets yanked out of the car wash violently at cartoon speed.
  And the whole process rips his mustache off as well.
  That's a very odd choice.
  I love seeing those two together.
  They're funny.
  I surprise how many genuine laughs I got of the bad cops.
  Yeah, I think they're super funny.
  I think Bader's always funny and stuff.
  I like when Ted Betterhead is the last one as they're gathering everybody and they've  heard that he's rich and in a mansion, but then they find him in a big mansion, but he's  just playing with a wedding band.
  And he's doing a really cheesy version of It's Not Unusual, which I like in general  with it.
  It's ba-da-da-da-da-da.
  Yeah.
  And then he gets spotted by one of his friends.
  And then when he's been caught and he realizes that he says the song lyric, I want to die.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  So earnestly.
  I really like that.
  That's surprising.
  What I also like is he gets knocked the fuck out at the end of that scene.
  Oh yeah.
  He gets a violent punch to the head and gets knocked out.
  Slapsticky movie.
  Walken's hood ornament on his limo is like a little demolition ball.
  So good.
  So good.
  So good.
  So good.
  So good.
  Yeah.
  There's a Walken, I think it's Walken is talking to Big Al outside of the hall and Big Al gets  him to look away.
  And then the camera cuts back and Big Al is now far away on the porch and he says, I'm  chubby, but I'm quick.
  Big Al is the funniest guy in the movie.
  Everything Big Al does is funny.
  Everything he says is funny.
  Yeah.
  Which is an argument for it.
  I think he should have just stayed closer to the characters in general.
  Yes, because he's the closest.
  He looks like the character.
  He talks like the character.
  That people ask him like, what is that?  A sign.
  A sign.
  It's like, we that long, I don't have the whole thing where he's like, we can do that.
  We can do that.
  Like that's funny.
  He's funny.
  Let me ask you guys.
  I'm not sure if this is intended or not, but you know, the roadie character who's also  the drummer of the band and has the pet chicken seems to me like he might have been based  off Joe roadie because he looks so much like him.
  Did you guys pick up on that?  Interesting.
  Interesting.
  I don't know.
  I didn't think of it, but that guy's the roadie as a roadie.
  Right.
  Oh, wow.
  And his name's roadie.
  That's the name of the character.
  Roadie doesn't have an actual name.
  So maybe that's not, I don't know.
  I just want to throw that out there.
  He's a naked guy at the end of sideways is who that is.
  So we've all seen, if you've seen sideways, you've seen his penis.
  You've seen it sideways.
  There's a little bit of a physical comedy at the breakfast table that I thought was  pretty funny.
  The brother, I, I, the brother seemed like they were doing like a Reese from Malcolm  in the middle.
  Is it Reese?  Yeah.
  And I kind of liked, he was the only one who's going like, what do you, what, what  is everyone doing?  He's with the bear.
  Like he was the voice of reason just being ignored.
  There's a really funny moment where Stephen Tobolowski tries to hit him with a newspaper  and he really quickly blocks him.
  Like he knows it's coming.
  And that was just a nice piece of physical comedy business.
  I like when Barry runs away and then I think he has the, I think the brother Dix has the  note and it's like, I'm run away from home to find the bears, but it's, and it's all  clawed up.
  Yeah.
  The claw rips through it.
  The whole, the family is fun.
  The whole bit, the dumb bit, like they just want to tell him there is he's adopted, which  like they never really explained, but it's like, it's, I don't know.
  It feels, the whole thing just feels like a fun, under explained cartoon thing.
  We'd watch as a kid.
  Yeah.
  We're like, there's not that much explanation about like the universe and the logic of all  of it.
  It's just like, isn't that funny?  They're trying to pretend this kid isn't a bear.
  The adoption for this is your baby photo and he's a regular baby.
  This is your baby photo and he's being hung upside down by a park ranger.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  It's also where I started falling in love.
  Like I think I'm not, I think I'm going to not be mad at this movie and I continue to  not be.
  Yeah.
  I do appreciate that.
  They just set up like in this world, there's bears and the bears are like people don't  worry about it.
  It's like, you know, it's not the overly labored explanations in movies now where it's like,  this is a proton.
  Well, it's a proton pack.
  Right.
  Split into a different tangent.
  It's an alternate universe.
  Thus allowing, you know, who did not just accept it and was, was, didn't just relax  about it was Roger Ebert.
  Here we go.
  Shares some opinions, I think with you, Jason.
  There's a little passage.
  The formidable technical skills in the country bears must not be allowed to distract from  the film's terminal inanity.
  Why are they all, why are they bears?  I do not know.
  Do they know they are bears?  Not necessarily.
  Do any of the humans mention they are bears only in passing?  Are there real bears in the woods who would maul and eat their victims or are all bears  benign in this world?  And then coming to the end, very similar to what you said, Jason, it's done well.
  Yes.
  But why?  Yeah.
  I do have a, because you guys had the music facts ready to go and I was always, of course,  more of a movie kid and I was very excited to realize that the character Rip Holland,  the unscrupulous music promoter played by the actor Alex Rocco, who was Mo Green in  The Godfather.
  And George Myers Jr.
  Roger Myers.
  Roger Myers Jr.
  Roger Myers Jr.
  Yeah, that's a writer.
  And he's also like a sleazy record executive in That Thing You Do.
  Yes.
  He's always these like industry grossoes.
  Yeah.
  Scott, you told us already what cameos in this movie you despised, but there's so, so  many others.
  Yes.
  Which ones did you enjoy?  Well let's talk Elton John for a second.
  I don't think I realized that this movie had Elton John acting, walking all slow and dopey  and overalls.
  He just like, he's one of the, you know, I feel like, think about like his peers, Mick  Jagger, David Bowie, just kind of like, I mean Mick Jagger's not a great actor, I guess,  but he's interesting if he's in a movie.
  You could like, they're just like such performers that like, you put a camera on them, it'll  be interesting.
  Elton John is like your dad.
  He's like, he's a horrible actor.
  I don't, I'm charmed by his bad acting.
  I remember him on SNL was like, oh my God, they haven't had such a bad host in a while.
  He's like an athlete.
  He's kind of funny as himself in the Kingsman movies.
  Oh, I haven't seen him.
  It's interesting with certain rock stars, and I think there's like a distinction like,  and I mean, tell me if you agree with this or not.
  Like obviously like David Bowie is like the coolest man.
  You can feel like you could, you don't, maybe you can describe what cool was, but you could  like point and go, oh, that's David Bowie.
  Mick Jagger in a similar way, like Bono, if you ever like hear him like speak out of the,  especially out of the context of like on stage, you go, this guy's a huge dork.
  And like similarly with Elton John, I feel like if you see him actor, you've interviewed,  and again, I'm a huge Elton John fan, but like you go, oh, this guy's kind of a dork.
  Like this guy's a dork.
  He's not like inherently cool like some of these other rock stars.
  Like there's, it's interesting to see sometimes, especially like if you were, if everything  was equal and they were all being put in a country beer movie from 2002, you would really  be able to see like exactly where everyone started out.
  Like were you sort of just cool at 13 or were you cool because you wrote amazing songs and  were a dynamic performer?  Well, that also really felt like we have Elton for one hour.
  Yeah, sure.
  Big time.
  Yeah.
  The joke with him living in like above Elton's like garage is funny too.
  They like reveal later.
  Yeah, that was Elton John.
  So funny.
  Cause they're like, they don't know who it was.
  They don't think it was.
  Weird hat on.
  Cause I was about to be like, is that Elton John?  Just like the bears.
  It's a weird charming, I don't know.
  It's making fun of it, but it's, it's fun and funny.
  Who else you got?  Well, they jam a lot of people.
  You could tell that it was supposed to be in the movie, but then they kind of like shove  it into the credits.
  Yeah.
  Like the parade of musicians doing the beat of, well, they were a big influence on me  and they were the reason I picked up a guitar and it really dates it in a fun way.
  Yeah.
  You got your.
.
.
  Exhibit.
  I love exhibit.
  That's one of my biggest laugh out louds.
  He was sued by the country bear.
  They sampled that exhibit, sampled one of the bass lines in a country bear song and  then they sued him.
  So funny.
  It's so funny.
  Yeah.
  And like sometimes, yeah, sometimes that gimmick kind of is like cringy cause you've seen it  so many times, but there's like a handful of them in there that are funny.
  I think maybe my favorite line in the movie is from Wyclef.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Bears are human beings.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  But it's also, he sells it to such a degree that I'm like, did he just say this or was  it written?  Yeah.
  It's a good question.
  He's so funny in it, but yeah, it's, it's possible he was just stream of conscious.
  Willie Nelson says when he split, they split a can of honey on the white house.
  The roof of the white house.
  That's good.
  It's funny.
  Don was guy.
  Don was love kid.
  The kids are gonna flip when they see that Don not the, not the first time that names  come up on this show.
  It probably should be the last.
  I've seen, believe me, I was, I was at a Wilco concert and I was in the lobby and I go, oh,  it's Don was.
  He produced the best bear naked.
  He produced it.
  We should not care about Don.
  He produced the best bear naked ladies album, Maroon.
  I'm so excited.
  There's a lot of, if you dig deep, like I did, you'll find that there's a lot of non-celebrity  cameos in this film.
  A lot of the puppeteers are in it like as extras, like in the restaurant scene, but  my favorite and I, I knew like there's this at the final concert scene, they cut to the  audience and you just see a dude, like an older dude with long hair, like a rock and,  and then that's it.
  Why did they, if this guy's just an extra, why did they hang on him for so long?  And that was the voice of Brer Rabbit, like had nothing to do with the filming, but I  guess he showed up to the final concert sequence and they put the camera on him.
  What's the guy's name?  Do you have it or?  Yeah.
  Wait, Brer Rabbit in the ride or in the movie?  The splash mountain ride.
  Sorry.
  I should have.
  Cause the actor, most of the actors were long dead.
  Of course.
  The guy who did Wacko's voice, it's in it.
  Jess Harnell.
  That's Harnell.
  He's Brer, what?  I didn't know he was Brer Rabbit.
  Cause I knew, cause I saw also Jess Harnell who did Wacko on Animaniacs.
  That's the credit I always remember.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Who has still has that look, I think.
  Yes.
  And he's at the end, he's just sitting next to the kid and he's like, that's my brother.
  And he's like, whoa.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a good cameo, but let's, I think discuss a little bit, Christopher Walken's performance  as what's the character's name?  Does anybody have it?  Oh yeah.
  Let me, don't you have it?  Read, read, read, read Thimple.
  And just revealed later his real name.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wait, I don't have that one in front of me either, but yeah, he's a, there's a whole,  there's a whole dense backstory woven.
  I feel like most of the people that's do this podcast right now are going to go, had never  watched the movie before, but after this is over, they're going to watch it for the first  time.
  So maybe we should leave a little bit, a little, so we can give a spoiler alert.
  Not spoil the huge reveal that happens at the very end of the movie.
  Oh yes.
  Which I think is very funny and very clever.
  I agree.
  I think it's funny to hear.
  Big shocker.
  The like, okay.
  So I'm of two, like, you know, sometimes Walken I qualify as a person who like is, he's really  funny on Saturday Night Live where it's like, you know, professionals who know how to use  him.
  Right.
  So then other, then they'll put them in other things.
  Maybe he's a little too scenery chewy or a little too aware and that kind of like, it's  not playing it straight enough.
  And I do admittedly put some of this performance into that box.
  However, my very favorite thing in the movie is the sequence of him repeatedly crushing  country bear hall.
  Yes.
  He has an ornate model of country bear hall, which he is trying to demolish and he drops  like a big cartoon two ton weight down on it and then does a very performative, oh no,  country bear hall has been destroyed.
  And then he just throws it onto a pile of a bunch of clearly he's been doing this for  a while and then just pulls out a pristine one and he keeps doing it like this is just  his whole day.
  Obviously, that is I think that's a great cartoon.
  Yes.
  Somehow he's taken the time.
  He's so vindictive.
  He has 20 perfect models of this.
  Yes.
  All.
  Yes.
  Great.
  Yeah.
  It's really funny.
  That's what like, you know, can one thing be funny enough or good enough to save the  whole movie?  Not necessarily.
  But like how many things, like you said, Jason, have we watched for this podcast where like  there wasn't one of those where like, let me do a little compare contrast because we  also watched in terms of theme park movies, Haunted Mansion, the movie.
  I think that I would I would watch the country bears in an instant over a hundred percent  on a mansion movie.
  Hundred percent.
  Jason, are you asking?  I was thinking about that before you brought it up.
  OK.
  And I think.
  Yeah, I don't.
  I don't know.
  I think I went in as kind of a blank slate on this one.
  And I knew that one was a little more also was reviled.
  Mm hmm.
  But that one.
  But that one's so unmemorable.
  Like it's nothing like in that.
  That movie's dog shit.
  I like Stephen.
  No, not Stephen Tobolowski's in this one.
  What's his face from Princess Bride?  I don't think anyone here knows it.
  I don't think anyone here knows or cares about the guy you're talking about.
  It's a story.
  Are you talking about the guy who directed the guy?  Are you talking about Andre Gregory?  No.
  You're talking about the guy.
  Oh, Wallace Shawn.
  Oh, sorry.
  Wallace Shawn.
  Wallace Shawn and Eddie Murphy.
  I love Wallace Shawn.
  But no, they're crazy.
  As just as.
  Of course.
  Wallace Shawn's then not like there's nothing you could see in that movie that he does that  isn't better in another movie.
  You know what I mean?  Jennifer Tilly is funny in that movie.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  You're just naming names.
  There's no one part of it.
  There's performers.
  Of course, they're all good, but they're good in other shit.
  So you watch the other shit.
  Yes.
  And I wish I had watched other shit instead of this movie.
  So I don't know.
  I would prefer not to watch either of them again.
  Oh, I know what the song, the Nelly song, that's the almost people's court as a driver.
  That does not count.
  That is great.
  That's not funny on purpose.
  Like the funny things.
  I agree.
  I love that.
  But that's not like a Nelly song is great.
  But that's not really in the.
  The punch up people they got on that movie did a bad job.
  The country bears punch up people added funny stuff throughout.
  I don't think the punch up in this is just pretty disconnected.
  It doesn't.
  What do you mean disconnected though?  It doesn't add.
  It doesn't make a whole piece of a movie.
  You just named a bunch of things you liked and you couldn't name one in the Haunted Mansion.
  There's not one line.
  I think it holds up better as a movie.
  I think it makes more sense as a movie.
  And I don't.
  I just think that it's such a weird mapping choice to make it like, oh, we have to get  the band back together after last waltz.
  But it's the country bears for some reason.
  But then you like the Muppets.
  I do like the Muppets.
  But that's the same thing.
  Because it's a better performers, the Muppet performers.
  So you forgive the shitty story.
  If you say it's shitty in this, it means it's shitty in this.
  It's not a shitty story if done correctly.
  I don't think it's, I think it's an odd, it's just so odd to pair it with the country bears.
  Where like you could have just, like you could have just been like family moves to the country.
  Boy discovers these bears that put on like a honky tonk like Joe and the holler.
  That just feels much simpler to me.
  But then what's the rest of it?  I think you have to.
  Let's beat this.
  Okay, we'll each beat the version we'd like to see out as far as a movie.
  We're going to be multiple parts, though.
  That's okay.
  That's going to take a long time.
  Is it?  Because I'll start.
  We open on a field.
  No, I'm just kidding.
  Okay.
  I thought you were going to say no.
  Here's my other, there's another argument I have.
  Okay, I think that the original sin here is anyone at Disney saying, let's make a country  bears movie in 2002.
  I think that anything that that was going to be in that year was going to be not good  and was probably going to bomb.
  Because of course, there's another world where like, what's the movie we'd want to see?  It's probably like a really well done.
  Imagine like a nightmare before Christmas level, like perfectly rendered the characters  and the shapes and the way that they move.
  And then you're really in the world of the show that we know.
  But I think that movie bombs too.
  I don't think that there is a country bears movie in 2002 that doesn't eat shit.
  No, I don't.
  Yeah, they were trying to do something that would like have some sort of appeal to a modern  audience.
  And as we can see with the fact that like the show is always on the chopping block,  far as we know, that country bears, southern country music playing bears that like are  like funny and hoot and holler, maybe the general audience in America isn't so interested  in that.
  There might be limited interest in this.
  Which is crazy to me.
  I think, I mean, it came out three weeks after they wrapped production 9-11 happened.
  So like, it comes out, you know, like maybe the movie comes out maybe 10 months later  and like people aren't in the mood to go see a movie.
  Movie entertainment kind of really took a hit that whole year.
  Although, although it did open against Austin Powers three, which did great, obviously,  which I just watched for the first time and I hate it.
  I've never watched the entire thing, honestly.
  I love one and two.
  And three always struck me like, I don't think I'm going to like all of this.
  Something was weird about three because I didn't even see it in the theater and I loved  first and second.
  How do you go from like being obsessed with Austin Powers to not even bothering to go  to the movie?  I was obsessed with it and then I didn't go and then I got on VHS and watched it and it  was a little disappointing.
  That being said, once a month, do I force Lindsay to watch the first scene of it?  Yes, I do.
  I mean, that big Austin Powers movie is really something.
  Austin Pussy.
  Yeah.
  Yes, I forget his name.
  The guy who plays Dr.
 Evil is awesome.
  I can't remember.
  You know, these character actors.
  Yeah, they all want to follow through the crap.
  Yeah.
  But I think we also have to point out how crazy the timing is, is that, you know, the  Country Bear Jamboree still existed at Disneyland in Critter Country when this movie was made  Two weeks after a wrap production, it closes permanently and that timing is just crazy.
  It's like, here's this movie that's going to promote the ride or the ride is going to  promote the movie and just completely like it's cursed.
  It's so funny.
  It's so funny.
  Yeah.
  It seems like, because we talked a little bit about it, but it seems like just like  such stuff is not synergenistic back then like it is now.
  No, it would have at least given it another year or two to let them move.
  If the movie bonds, yeah, close the ride.
  Right.
  I'd like to think though that they kind of like looking at the dailies and they were  like, shut it down now.
  This movie ain't saving it.
  Oh, that's why?  That's what I'd like to think.
  They were like, they were like, no one's going to watch this.
  No one's going to watch this.
  Insane.
  Yeah.
  And again, I like the movie, but like they're like, this is not for a general audience.
  This is kind of what happened.
  And even though I didn't get the amazing behind the scenes backstory of the making of this  movie from watching the DVD commentary, I did find I was what I was looking for by listening  to puppeteer Terry Hardin, a legend.
  I mean, she, she did the state puff martial man and the original Ghostbusters.
  Wow.
  She was baby Sinclair.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  She was ID and Odie and Captain EO.
  Wow.
  She, she went on the defunct land podcast and did a three part interview and it is fan  tastic.
  My God.
  The stories she tells are absolutely incredible.
  And I got so much information from that.
  And the third part of the interview is just about country bears.
  Wow.
  And she loved the experience of making the movie, but she said, you know, uh, the trailer  came out, the internet went nuts.
  People bashed it left and right and Disney got scared and they pulled back on like the  promotion and the advertising and everything.
  Oh, geez.
  It is an odd trailer and I can't even pinpoint exactly why it makes the movie look much worse.
  Me neither.
  But I remember seeing the trailer and when it came out and I was just like, no, absolutely  not.
  They should too.
  I, I absolutely, I would have been making fun of this at the time.
  Yeah.
  Should they have hid the bears maybe in the trailer from the trailer?  Just be the unit like Tobolowski and satisfying.
  I agree.
  No, I agree.
  And then the walk in there for Ghostbusters afterlife, you barely see any ghosts and you're  like, why would I go see this movie that has no big hit though?  But there are lots of ghosts in it and I enjoyed it.
  So you know what I wish, you know, now I'm older.
  I've learned my lesson.
  I saw the trailer for Ghostbusters afterlife.
  I was like, that doesn't look good.
  I'm just going to tune out everything that I hear about it.
  I don't want to know anything about it.
  And I just went cold for like, and then I got a little extra tug of things.
  I got pushed back a year.
  Right.
  I got extra time to forget that I saw the trailer.
  Right.
  And then I saw the movie.
  I thought it was wonderful.
  Okay.
  Of course, not as good as the original, but sure.
  You know, but you ha yeah.
  So hiding the bears might've been the way to go.
  Because then you're forced.
  I don't know.
  People are locked in the theater now.
  They have no choice but to accept the way the bears look.
  They have no choice but to accept the mechanical snouts and the eyes and the sexual eyes of  the female bear.
  They have to.
  They're there and then they will get used to it.
  There are like, you do forget to, you calibrate to it, but then there's just moments like  it's not a lot, but once they're like eight minutes or so, there is a face that is just  ghastly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's kind of like jump back.
  But again, but I like it for the, I think it, look, if, if, if there's any greater point  here to this episode, I think it's like, this is a, an interesting watch.
  This is absolutely.
  And I like a movie that has like shit that doesn't work at all.
  Sure.
  I think it's fun that I, that I think the songs are bad and laugh at them.
  But then in the next scene, there's something I actually like.
  I like the like up and down nature of it.
  I will grant you interesting.
  If you will grant me that father, the pride is interesting in terms of what of the animation  of like, this is the, the, you know, the crawling, the infant stages of like early big budget.
  We argue about this before.
  No, no, I'm just saying I think it's interesting.
  Wait, wait, hold on.
  Can I ask a question?  Yeah.
  Are you saying that father, the pride and country birds movie are equally as like a  level playing fields as far as quality is concerned?  No, I, I will say father of the pride or no, I will say this is, is more pleasant than  father of the problem.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  I thought we were going to our extremists.
  We were going to our extremist corners here and I was really about to be worried.
  You say that country bears movie is more watchable than fuzz bucket.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I don't really remember much of fuzz bucket.
  And you shouldn't.
  But now I'm remembering like him going like, give me a kiss.
  Or like, it's just whatever.
  It's just whatever unpleasantness at the end when he finds the other fuzz bucket.
  Way worse than anything honey bear does.
  Unpleasantness at the end, only at the end.
  It's just when there's more of them.
  What does he say?  What's up party?  What's up party boy?  It is funny.
  And that Disney war book, I, I don't remember this really coming up very much, but the thing  they were terrified by was the pirates of the Caribbean movie because it was like costing  a lot of money.
  Jerry Bruckheimer costs a lot of money.
  And they were getting reports from set.
  Obviously, you know, they weren't transferring video digitally at the time.
  They were getting reports from set that Johnny Depp is doing something weird and they didn't  know what that meant.
  Like, and they were just terrified by that.
  But I think the combination of Bruckheimer, Gore Verbinski and, and, you know, Orlando  Bloom and Keira Knightley, both kind of on the rise of that.
  That movie had a lot more like in that column that it would be a hit.
  Sure.
  That movie that like Haunted Mansion is like not maybe committing to the full tone of the  ride.
  Pirates of the Caribbean, I think is kind of like taking, it's not really the, honestly,  it's not really the tone of the ride.
  It's kind of its own thing.
  It's kind of a pirate movie with a new character that Johnny Depp just.
  Which I believe Eisner pushed in that direction with how this movie did.
  He's like, if you're going to do it, then just like do whatever you want.
  The name recognition of the rides, but don't feel like you got to stick to just get away  from it.
  Which is like, I guess smart only in hindsight because it worked.
  Sure.
  Because if it didn't work, you'd be like, well, why isn't it like more of these weirdo  guy pirates to talk like, like we'd be like lamenting that they didn't do that.
  But meanwhile, it's the biggest franchise in history.
  The mayor's not in it.
  Whereas there's not enough slop.
  I mean, there's some slop when the guys are hanging out in there.
  There's not exactly nine chickens or however many are in there.
  Right.
  Exactly.
  Diminishing returns on those sequels like, like from very high on that first movie to  like, oh yeah, sure.
  Draw the program just dropping down.
  I mean, I don't, I, I still stand by.
  I think I said this on the film at 50 podcasts, like Walt Disney studios might have the worst  live action track record of movies, of any of the big studios.
  If you compare it to like Warner Brothers or MGM.
  The Herbie series, Jason.
  Apple dumpling gang one and two.
  Candle shoe.
  Apple dumpling game shot at Golden Oaks Ranch, just like country bear jamboree.
  Oh, wow.
  There's that.
  Yeah.
  It's one ranch that they use a lot.
  And isn't this, this location is still standing, I think, and has been used in other stuff.
  I went, I drove up there like a year ago, like December during the pandemic.
  Where are some places we can go?  I was like, did you know we're like 20 minutes from the Golden Oak Ranch?  And we, yeah, we went up there.
  There's also like a beautiful national park or state park up like very close by.
  So we kind of hit up both.
  So we drove into the ranch, quickly realized there was filming going on and people in vests  were like, can we help you?  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, sorry to turn it around.
  I wouldn't bother anyone.
  You should have been like, yeah, I'm here to act.
  I've done stuff like that a million times.
  Just played dumb.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  I must have made a.
.
.
  I'm so sorry.
  How do I get back to the free way?  I love that, Jason.
  Golden Oaks Ranch, you might have a second gate episode there.
  I don't know.
  I'm just going to throw that out there.
  There's a lot of interesting stuff.
  The office shot there.
  A lot of big stuff shot there.
  That's right.
  Rice Shoots Farm.
  Yeah.
  I will say, we did talk, I was joking earlier, but if I am, if I'm doing Country Bears, I  would like it to be like Prairie Home Companion, the movie Prairie Home Companion, but with  the Country Bears, where it's just you're putting on the show.
  Yeah.
  I was saying, I think in the first one of these, I was making, I was saying that there  should be an Almost Famous about the band.
  And that's, I realized watching this, like that's kind of what it is.
  There's even like, you know, like there's a, there's kind of a fight that breaks everything  up at almost the same point of the movie in like, in a field, like a golden huge field.
  And where the kid is now jaded about like, I thought these guys, you know, I thought  these guys cared, but they're just like, you know, you know, they're just a bunch of like  fighting rock stars.
  But then the singer shows up in his bedroom and that brings everything back together and  resolves it.
  It's actually oddly very close to Almost Famous.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I guess if I was directing a Country Bears movie now, I would just go all the way with  Well, the test audience find these bears a little creepy, like, okay, great.
  Then let's go in that direction and just turn into a, like a Five Night at Freddy's situation.
  That's what I would want.
  Yeah.
  Nightmare Bears.
  I was going to say, Scott, I think you're exactly right.
  And I'm sure that seems like catnip for executives that like people were going to be like, well,  you know, Almost Famous was a big hit.
  What if we, you know, went with some of that?  I think the better comparison for the bears though, would be Walk the Line.
  That is closer to the country roots.
  Not necessarily the melodrama, but the heavy handed deadly seriousness of Walk the Line.
  Yeah.
  But is that what you'd want to see is the Walk the Line of.
.
.
  That's still an invention.
  That's still a lot of like getting it away from what you want, which is you want a hee  haw show.
  You want them to just do hee haw.
  That was good.
  But I think you're forgetting how unpleasant the Prairie Home Companion movie is also.
  I don't have a memory that that's unpleasant.
  Oh, it sucked.
  Like that movie is filled with stars with Robert Altman directing and Paul Thomas Anderson  is the backup director.
  Yeah, because he dropped dead on set.
  I remember.
  No, it was in case he dropped dead.
  That's what I said.
  Yeah.
  He didn't drop dead on set.
  He was going to make Hands on a Hard Body and then he dropped dead.
  And yeah, that movie is just kind of nothing.
  I mean, I don't have.
.
.
  I'm not acting like that's my favorite movie.
  I just saw it at the time and it seemed pleasant and they were putting on a show and it's backstage  and stuff.
  That's all I really mean by that.
  And I want Country Bears to be doing a show.
  You are right.
  And I think the formula could work.
  It worked for the Steve Jobs movie.
  It worked for the Oscar nominated Steve Jobs.
  Sure.
  And I love how backstage and him about to put on his little shows.
  Put on his little show.
  He's going to do long unbroken shots.
  I do like that.
  Tension building, panic attacks and hallucinations occurring for Henry and Barry.
  Fear of heights for swinging Teddy Barra.
  You mentioned Robert Altman, Jason.
  I wouldn't mind seeing like a Nashville style Country Bears movie.
  Now there, that's great too.
  I love that.
  And it's mostly like people talking over each other, walking in and out of the scene.
  Completely improvised.
  Much like the 2001, 2002 Country Bears movie.
  All the songs are bad.
  In no way.
  There's a couple songs in Nashville that are good.
  It's one of my favorite movies.
  I probably watched it like 12 times.
  But this is different because I feel like those songs are bad on purpose because.
.
.
  Well, they're funny.
  A couple of them are funny.
  Well, it's supposed to be realistic.
  And when Altman went to Nashville and checked out the scene, he's like, oh, most of these  people are struggling.
  They'll never make it.
  And he wanted to reflect that in the movie.
  So correct me if I'm wrong.
  He had the actors write and sing their own songs.
  Yes.
  The actors write.
  Yeah.
  Who wrote It Don't Worry Me?  Because I think that is a good song.
  Yeah.
  I mean, yeah, some of these songs are good.
  It Don't Worry Me.
  Is that the Henry Gibson?  No, that's the first song is the patriotic one.
  Oh, right, right.
  That's funny as well.
  I know he wrote that song.
  Oh, right, right.
  I'd have to look that up.
  There's some good songs in Nashville.
  Come on.
  But I know what you mean.
  I know, but they're not polished.
  Yeah, that's true.
  But some of them are funny.
  There's a lot of avenues to go down with the Bears, I think.
  Again, though, you have to ask the question, who is it for?  I think it's for three people in the garage, four people in the garage, and then half of  our listeners.
  I'm curious to see if there's not a lot of public appetite for the country Bears out  there for the show or the movie.
  Are we going to find there's also not a lot of appetite for a daily podcast series?  Is this our biggest mistake?  Are we deep in the middle of the biggest mistake?  We do live shows and you're like, is anyone going to come?  Yeah, man.
  People listen.
  When did I say that?  I feel like you're always hedging your bets.
  False Jason, you're making up bullshit.
  You just asked if people would watch a live streaming show.
  I'm just saying.
  A live stream of a, wait a minute, you have no, gee, fuck you, Sean.
  False argument.
  Okay, anyways.
  Anyways, okay.
  We at least I think made the point that this is a, this is fascinating, right?  I mean, yes, it's very, it is fascinating.
  It is an interesting movie.
  I'll grant that.
  But it is better than the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise.
  It's better than Haunted Mansion.
  It's better than, wasn't there one more that's based on a ride around the summer?  My misremember.
  Mission to Mars was made into a movie at some point.
  That counts as a theme park movie?  Oh, okay.
  I think so.
  It was made by Disney and they made the ride.
  Yeah, so, so no, it's, it's, it's really, really watchable and it, I don't know what  people were expecting it to be, but as we're saying, like it's full of surprises and I  know that sounds like I'm a movie reviewer from 1997.
  It's full of surprises.
  But it is and I, I'm happy to say that it's, I thought it was going to be dog shit.
  I'd be happy to say it's dog shit.
  I would relish in saying that it's dog shit, but it's not the case.
  It's not the case.
  It is 4.
2 on IMDb, which is really low.
  There's some, it was like bad movies that are above five and I don't have any off the  top of my head.
  I know, but I'm just saying.
  Like 31% on Rotten Tomatoes.
  Yeah.
  I think it's just because people don't, I will say we all have tolerance for anthropomorphic  animals.
  Sure.
  High tolerance.
  Especially bears.
  Especially bears.
  So I'm sure that's part of it.
  Once you say anthropomorphize the most, I would say.
  But I believe, and I almost, I thought about this earlier.
  I believe that we might be doing a disservice to this movie because I would love to be at  of the re-examining of this movie and saying that it's good.
  No.
  But you know what?  We've done that for like half a dozen things, but I'm not.
  We have not.
  I'd like to.
  We did it with Clifford, but we didn't, we didn't all believe it.
  And maybe wait after this airs and give it a week or two for people to go on Disney.
  It is currently streaming on Disney Plus.
  Yeah.
  Easy access to it.
  I'd love to see a Twitter poll and see what other people think.
  I'm really curious.
  I don't know how people land on this.
  It's funny.
  It's so fractured even within the, but I, most people haven't seen it.
  I think that's the key.
  Most people haven't seen it.
  Kevin from the Funkland said that it's one of his greatest Disney guilty pleasures.
  And I would go, I would go as far, and I trust that guy's opinion a lot.
  I would go as far to say why guilty pleasure?  Well, I, as I get older, Doug, I agree.
  I don't have any, my pleasures are my pleasures is what I say.
  I had a big dumb Wendell Grin on my face while watching this.
  I'm not mad like Jason yelling shit about the movie and about me for a reason I don't  quite understand.
  Oh, I'm just ribbing.
  Great rib.
  Anyways, I don't know.
  I just, I enjoyed it.
  I think when you expect, like, I think I expected that this would be like when your expectations  are in the toilet.
  Yes.
  And then what you find is still a toilet, but it's a clean, fine toilet.
  Yes.
  Where you have a just, you actually take a breather.
  It's spacious.
  It's a bidet.
  It's full of, it's a bidet, but it's also full of surprises.
  You're getting squirts when you don't think, oh, here too.
  You're getting squirts.
  Yeah.
  In places that you didn't think you were getting squirts of water.
  And it's pleasurable and interesting.
  Here's another weird, just like, I mean, we're winding it down here, but the like I have  now I have fond memories of this because of you, Doug, making us even possibly aware that  maybe this is not just dog shit.
  And you know, what's really weird is when we're deep in the pandemic and nobody was  seeing each other for a while, sometimes like probably a lot of people looked at like, what  is the last photo they have in their phone of people being indoors with your friends  having fun.
  And literally the last photo I have of that is Mike at what we now call the last party.
  Of course, yes.
  You had a birthday party and you are, you have a big smile on your face and you were  holding a handful of Country Bears movies action figures, which were handed to you by  Doug Jones.
  Plush, I'll correct the record.
  Okay, not like plastic.
  Yeah.
  Maybe they had plastic snouts.
  I thought that was the ones on your note.
  Yeah, they had plastic like, snouts and maybe a hat, like hat, but their body are plush.
  They are plush.
  How do you, how do you, how do you like them?  Now, do you think you're going to view them differently now that you've like?  Well I have them, I'll be very honest with you.
  I have them in a box right now and it's really because of space.
  And right now I really only have a lot of toys.
  I have a lot of toys.
  There's a few, few downstairs and there's a little bit of a Disney display, but there's  not enough room down there for them.
  And upstairs it's basically just a wall of turtles shit.
  And that's all I have on display right now.
  But they are in storage and they are, I'm trying to think which box, I think it's downstairs  by the, by the car storage because I have two, I have a closet with some stuff and I  have a storage full of stuff that I will eventually display.
  And I do, I will, I will say like when I would see them, I go, that's funny that I have them.
  Obviously nice of Doug to give these to me, but I didn't have the affection as if they  were the characters from the ride.
  So now I will reevaluate how I feel about them.
  Yeah.
  I think you're going to feel much differently towards them.
  I can cycle some out, some of the stuff I have out now and put the bears on the, on  the thing.
  Cause again, we are podcast, the ride, the three of us and Doug is our guest, endorse  this movie.
  All three of us say, this is going to be think pieces, think pieces will be written and they'll  have to cite us at the start of it, of the reevaluation of this thing.
  Podcast, in fact podcast, the ride hosts, Scott, Mike and Jason, all caps, fully sign  off on the underlines Jason.
  No matter what take, how would we have done it if you were happy with it?  The same probably like this, this would have been much shorter.
  That's what you're missing.
  I don't know.
  I don't really be toasty in your bed by now.
  I know some of us didn't like it.
  I am a little lightheaded because I didn't eat very much beforehand.
  So I've probably feedered out.
  Let's, let's, let's wind her down then.
  Doug Jones, what a thing to have brought to the table.
  You survived podcast, the ride, country bear chamber week.
  Yeah, I think we got to, I think you got one in the wind column, at least by majority.
  Right.
  And oh my God, I just feel so good.
  Doug was right about country bears, the movie.
  You know what?  It takes a big man to admit that he's wrong.
  And I appreciate that.
  Mike, I was wrong.
  Much no problem.
  Now big Carlson eventually we'll have to do.
  I've said this a full pizza riso.
  Oh hell yeah.
  I'll say this for me, the jury's still out.
  That's all I'll say.
  Oh, this is interesting.
  Now y'all have been there, but not everyone.
  Not eaten.
  Okay.
  And we have to eat.
  We have to go in the room.
  When I first brought it up on the podcast, I had not eaten there.
  And then a few months later, I went back and I tried the food and two thumbs up.
  Thumbs up on the food.
  Cause I feel like I hear that.
  It is above average quick serve.
  Like it is above average in my opinion.
  All right.
  Fresh ingredients.
  Yeah.
  I share Scott's skepticism, but I'm willing to try anything once.
  So yeah, we'll see.
  So, but I was wrong about country bears movie.
  So what else could I be wrong about?  Wow.
  Wow.
  Anything we'll find out.
  Respect.
  Thank you.
  Exit the gift shop.
  Anything you'd like to plug or where can people find?  Oh, sure.
  If you guys don't mind, I have some like upcoming dates, a calendar of events, if you  will, please.
  Thank you.
  So playing with like a bunch of bears or a bunch of bears who sound like Don Henley or  not, not quite, but you're on the right track.
  So on Tuesday of next week, I will be at PIMS test kitchen and they've asked me to  do a little beta testing for their new $100 pretzel.
  Oh yeah.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  The following day, which would be Wednesday, I will be at the blind tiger, which is  the fake speak easy at Knott's Berry farm.
  And I'll be pretending that I'm the bouncer and telling people that they've  quote unquote reach capacity.
  Okay.
  Thursday, I will be at universal city walk AMC theater bar, having too much to drink  and complaining to anyone who will listen that I should have been cast and ghost  busters afterlife instead of Paul Rudd.
  So if anybody like wants, that's where you could find me and you could, I don't know  what I'm doing with the rest of my day, but you're welcome to follow me.
  Would you call it a tour?  Sure.
  Okay.
  I gotta say these are my favorite plugs I've ever heard.
  Yeah.
  You're thank you.
  That was not pre-written at all.
  More where you're ended in the year doing a lot of work too.
  Just even more than 2022 is looking good.
  Boys.
  Looking good.
  Going strong.
  Uh, uh, country bird, Jamboree, art, courtesy of donut grass, a Jamboree  theme, courtesy of Mike Carlson, uh, keep it tuned here.
  There might be a little more here before the end of the year.
  And tomorrow we go back to the main feed for a, a very crucial episode, as  crucial as it gets.
  So crucial.
  We will, uh, we'll talk to you tomorrow.
  Come on back now.
  You hear.
  Yeah.
