 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains inaccurate cartoon drinks, the horrors of front-facing  Homer, bodies slamming into hard plastic, and a very rare instance of some men in their 30s  talking about what Simpsons jokes they like.
  All that plus, Henry Gilbert and Bob Mackie join us to talk the Simpsons ride on today's  podcast, Le Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a theme park podcast hosted by three proud Martin Princes.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Martin Prince number two, Jason Sheridan.
  That's right.
  Yeah, I every now and then I think we're going to run out of like accurate semi roasts of  ourselves and no, not the case.
  No, because it also could be well, let's bring in Martin Prince number three, Scott Gardner  real quick because there's other options too with the Simpsons, I think.
  But I Martin Prince to me is the is the most fun.
  Yeah, it could be.
  I'm happy to not be a Ralph Wiggin.
  Yeah, or I mean, I mean, what guy you could say because sometimes we're like salty about  things.
  He's more he's more toxic than us.
  But that's true.
 Yeah.
  I the original toxic fan.
  We say our whole world is coming, but guys with like a smile, we have a smile when we're  trashing things and that's not what comic book guy would do.
  He sort of you like things sometimes.
  I'm not sure when the comic book guy, even his appreciation has an air of malice to it.
  Right.
 So I think if we really got in depth with this, we could also like combine things  like Jason's a Martin Prince and like an Abe Simpson.
  You could combine two.
  Oh, yeah.
  But that was too long for the intro.
  So I didn't want to waste more time because, you know, we have a big topic today.
  Let's bring our guests in.
 Maybe they have maybe they have ideas about what we should  be as far as like Simpson mashups.
  What they themselves are.
 I'd be curious to see.
  So, yeah, profiled.
  You know them from Talking Simpsons and what a cartoon.
  Those two great podcasts.
  It's Henry Gilbert and Bob Mackie.
  Hey, happy to be here, everybody.
  I want to call myself the Langdon Alger of this podcast.
  Very good.
  And and I, Henry Gilbert, I think, you know, at first I thought Milhouse or Martin,  but I think I'm more of a database.
  That's that's my that's my guy.
  Oh, nice.
 Very good.
  Yeah, that's those are two, I would say, like obscure, but not real.
  Like for like, if you're still toys.
  Yeah, exactly.
 But there's toys of everything.
  I guess that's a good point.
 There are toys of everything.
  So we all have our identities, our Simpson identities.
  We are talking about the Simpsons ride at Universal Studios today.
  We have the experts on.
  I don't know.
 I just realized I put a lot of pressure on you by calling you experts.
  Would you say what would you say?  You know what? I'll take it.
 I am sure.
  Oh, great.
 Yeah, I think riding it twice qualifies you as an expert.
  Yeah.
 Authorities, maybe.
 Sure.
  Oh, I like that.
 Yeah, that's like very official.
  We know all the context for the ride, which is the most important part.
 Right.
  And you guys have you guys have seen every Simpson episode,  every piece of Simpson media, would you say?  Well, actually, well, for me, there is like a decade of the show  I have not watched, but same here an entire decades.
  Wow.
 About a third of it.
  But I mean, we're making our way through the entire run of the show.
  And currently we're in starting season 13 pretty soon.
  I got you.
  But all pre 9-11 Simpsons, we know it better than, I'd say,  pretty much anybody, anybody with a podcast.
  I'll say that.
 But yeah.
  The what's the biggest blank spot?  Like if you defined the the edges of what you don't know so much.
  You know, I think it's all the stuff right before the movie.
  That is my least watched stuff.
  And then I came back from the movie.
  And then every now and then after the movie, I'd check in and like,  oh, I heard this episode is good or that episode is good.
  And then the last like four seasons, I actually have watched kind of regularly.
  But yeah, so it's I'd say the 17 through 20.
  Pretty, pretty blank for me.
  For me, I think it's 19 through late 20s.
  So I think the late aughts to the late teens.
  And when we started doing this podcast, I felt obligated to watch more of the new stuff.
  Gotcha.
 So, yeah, your sweet spot is what we're like a lot of our sweet spots  for the Simpsons lies.
  I mean, we're very similar to you guys in just about every.
  It's why I love podcasts arrived, because we are also anxious nerds  who were scared of roller coasters and like the theme.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's fair.
  So, yeah.
 So you so you both been on the Simpsons ride at this point.
 Mm hmm.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  I've I've written it in both coasts.
  Bob, Bob, just Hollywood.
 But.
  Gotcha.
 OK.
  And would you say like, like your theme park people to you,  you like theming and you like nonsense like we do.
  So would you say like your first time going on it was it like this is all  I would ever imagine from a Simpsons thing experience.
  I had a.
 Oh, interesting.
 Oh, OK.
  I had I had some mixed opinions.
  I'm sure we'll get into them.
 But I don't know.
  Yeah.
 Up front, about a six out of 10 in terms of an experience.
  I didn't.
 Interesting.
  I'd give the ride itself like a B, B minus, but I've been surrounding  Springfield area like that.
 I give like a day like I love.
  I love Springfield and I like the Simpsons ride.
  OK, that's interesting.
  Well, and it's only grown on both coasts.
  So, boy, I guess when there wasn't that, you'd rank it all lower.
  But it like, yeah, I love that that Springfield keeps expanding.
  And yeah, that I don't know it like it.
  I feel like it took over some kind of generic areas of Universal  and imbued them instead with really specific things that people love  and areas full of Easter eggs and some of the food is all right.
  Am I am I wrong?  Well, especially compared to in Florida.
  I believe it was a food court called the International Food and Film Festival.
  And that was one of the grimest  theme park culinary destinations you could hit.
  Was it like it was kind of just a giant room, like like like an indoor food court?  That's what I recall, that they made more festive with flags,  like country flags, flags and movie posters.
  And now it's, you know, the the fast food boulevard kind of food court.
  But yeah, I think the the fried chicken and the Krusty Burger food,  Cletus's chicken, Shack Chicken and Krusty Burger is pretty solid, pretty reliable.
  Yeah, I would agree.
 Yeah.
  I like the Duff.
  It's it's just meant to be like a Budweiser.
  You know, yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, there's there's harder Duffs, I think.
  They've there's been there's there's a variety that I tend to like.
  And well, and then you got those you got the doughnut  neck of the woods, too, right?  Yeah, I mean, which I haven't actually tried.
  Yeah, I know you're into it.
 Yeah.
  Some big disappointments for me, though, were I really wanted to go  to the Frying Dutchman, but it's not in the California location.
  So that was a huge disappointment for me.
  And if you want to start talking about Moe's, I feel like  there's so much opportunity there that is missed.
  There are some parts there that are really, really cool in the Moe's  restaurant location.
  But after visiting the Star Wars Cantina bar, whatever that's called,  I feel like it should be that style of experience where you're seated.
  You can get two drinks and then you leave and there are no children.
  And they could add a lot more to the atmosphere that's missing.
  The dank is missing.
  And the one, yes, the all important dank is not there.
  Got no dank.
  It's a good point.
 That's pretty true.
  It kind of is because at least in Hollywood, I don't know the Orlando  restaurant situation at all.
  Hollywood.
 Yeah, they're all just like connected by an open door.
  So there's kind of just like one flow through all of the rooms.
  So they get a little samey.
  Now, I like the area upstairs, which has a lot of Easter eggs  and display cases and everything.
  But yeah, I know what you mean, where Moe's just is the same as  Krusty Perger a little bit, except that, you know, it's  at least is it is themed and you got your  and you got your phone, you got the phone that you can pick up and hear.
  But it's not Bart prank calls, right?  What's am I making this up?  There's something weird with the phone.
  That phone doesn't do nothing.
 I picked up that phone.
  It doesn't say anything like there's an outdoor outside of the quickie mart.
  There's a payphone that that has like jokes that come out of it.
  But I I swear I've never heard anything about it, but it does have the love tester.
  Like the love test is fun.
 That's a good reference.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  And you can quickie mark phone.
  I don't know.
 I don't know what's on the quickie mark phone.
  Oh, if you pick up, if the phone rings outside the quickie mark,  this might just be in Orlando, but  by the Millhouse bench, there's a payphone.
  And if it rings and you pick it up like, say,  Professor Frank will say, hey, there's an escaped monkey.
  Can you guys help us find it or something like that?  Like you'll you'll get a phone call from local Springfieldian.
  It's like original dialogue recorded for the place, which I always thought was cool.
  That's really cool.
  And particularly because like the you know, these actors,  they don't come cheap and they're like and in his area's case, he's such a big name.
  So it's kind of crazy that he recorded jokes that are only if you know, to pick up a phone  is one part of the theme park.
  I am pretty impressed by that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I guess we I don't know if we've mentioned that yet, if we haven't been on this ride.
  Most of the Simpsons voice cast does their characters  with the glaring exception of Harry Shearer.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  None of his characters appear.
  According to a of all things TMZ article,  it was due to scheduling conflicts and availability.
  Lies.
  Well, I don't believe that for a second.
  Yeah, I don't.
  I don't.
  Maybe he wanted them to call it lay ride and they're like, no, Harry, no, no, no.
  I was coming in with the little a little less show edge as well.
  I that's I think I find it so funny.
  And if you don't know all this, like Harry Shearer's level of removal  from the Simpsons is a lot higher than the rest of the cast.
  I think like probably the most visible,  you know, way of conveying that is his lack of participation on the ride.
  But I really like that he, you know, because he's famous,  he was famously difficult on Saturday Night Live and probably in other capacities.
  And I like that he has one thing that's his pure thing.
  This is Harry.
  There's only there's one piece of true Harry art.
  And has anyone heard it?  Has anyone ever made that mistake?  Clip of like a clip.
  I like if I like Harry, I like the Simpsons.
  I'm sure I would like a show.
  And then, oh, boy, oh, boy.
  Bob, Henry, are you thinking about a show podcast?  Perhaps would you go to a podcast?  Well, a podcast, perhaps.
  I had the same experience and actually I didn't encounter the show  until the George W.
  Bush administration and somebody posted a clip of a music video  he made called Waterboarding USA.
  So, Scott, there's a Beach Boys parody you can listen to.
  And it's Harry Shearer playing all the Beach Boys  in a song about waterboarding.
  And it was it was sort of like a wait, wait, don't tell me style of humor.
  It was, you know, edgy subject material, but very gentle.
  Right.
 Do you know that he I guess not a lot has changed  since that particular administration, because he put out an entire album  of Trump songs and it's him as Trump.
  And but his Trump is like  I'm trying to think there's always a song that's just like, like Son in Law.
  I love my son in law.
  And like, I didn't know Trump was so nasal.
  I didn't know Trump sounded so much like Ned Flanders.
  Was that a Dunk of Shane parody?  Don't think that's kind of what I sang, isn't it?  I think I think there are no parodies.
  I think it's all original melodies so that he can, you know,  doesn't have to pay money to the original artist.
  But not only that, but all of his thing now also is mocap.
  So he does like Polar Express style.
  He is playing Trump.
  So there's some studio somewhere where he's covered in dots and ping  pong balls and physicalizing Trump to make these like  very upsetting looking music videos that have a thousand views.
  Where do those go? Just on YouTube?  I think maybe my damn channel.
  I recall him having a heavy partnership with my damn channel.
  If anyone recalls those three words.
  Just like a Manchurian candidate activation phrase.
  I forgot about my damn channel.
  Jason stomping out of the room.
  I don't know what he's going to do.
  Something bad.
  His eyes went red.
 What's in that guitar case?  Well, not up to the 2020 election last year.
  Sorry, in 2020, Matt Garaning started a YouTube channel.
  He posted one video and it was a short he commissioned.
  About Trump and Dan Castellaneta is singing a song as Trump.
  And I love Dan, but his Trump is not that great.
  And to date, that's the only thing that's ever been posted on Mac  Garaning's YouTube channel.
  Well, you know, to be fair, we all had a lot of grand plans  at the start of the pandemic.
  You know, I went and got a video capture card.
  I'm like, maybe I'm going to Twitch stream now.
  And I did like three and I was like, this is a lot of work.
  I think with Shira, it's just he's such like a jerk, like even  the other spinal, even the other spinal tap guys in interviews  are just like, yeah, he's a jerk.
  Like I have the time.
  We're not speaking to each other.
  We're the other half time.
 We make stuff.
  I even I remember his WTF, Shira, and he admits like,  yeah, I can be a tough guy to work with.
  But then he would say stuff of like when I worked on SNL,  I told Lauren to his face, he was a fraud.
  And I was like, you know, that's cool.
  I'm cool with that.
 But.
  And he famously has never been that happy with the Simpsons.
  If you listen to the commentaries, he has been on the record  hating episodes everyone loves, even back to the early 90s.
  Like he was a vocal detractor of Homer at the Bat  and thing and Cape Fear as well.
  And he's been in the press publicly saying, oh, yeah, the show has really lost it.
  Like multiple times throughout history.
  Yeah, there's a week in one of our research things for the  Lady Bouvier's Lover, which is like that's such a classic.
  That's the one with McGaggy's birthday.
  All that like there's there was a I think, let's say, L.
A.
  times, but that type of profile like the writers room.
  Here's how they write the episode.
  And then here's how they record it.
  And they're talking to Shira and he's like, yeah, season four kind of sucked.
  This seems a little better, I guess.
  And he's just like that was that was in the salad days of Simpsons.
  He's just shitting all over it in the press on the record.
  Wow.
 I remember getting the I'm sorry.
  I remember getting the audio commentary when the DVDs came out.
  I started looking forward to those audio commentaries so much.
  They're so fantastic, as I'm sure you guys know.
  And one of my favorite episodes has always been two bad neighbors.
  The George not W Bush, the George Bush episode removes in across the street.
  And like, I can't wait to hear that one just always blew up my brain as a kid.
  I can't wait to hear the making of it.
  And I was so shocked when everybody who worked on it said, well, a certain actor  had a certain problem with what he thought was the what he called the worst satire  he's ever seen in his life.
  And they're kind of like it, but it's not satire.
  It's like a funny thing.
  Like if George Bush was a crotchety guy and he's Mr.
  Wilson on Dennis, the menace,  I could not believe that that didn't pass most of it.
  That classic episode.
  I have a feeling it had to be Shira who said that there's no way like it.
  His area was so shitting.
  Yeah.
 And he had to do the voice, which he did very well.
  Boy, are the voices great.
  Well, I mean, not some of these other ones we're talking about, but.
  Yeah.
 Classic voices.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He just wanted a return to frosty chocolate milkshakes.
  He's like, we got to get back to the core of the show.
  It's not just his voice that's missing.
  I think someone had to point this out to Henry and myself.
  His characters aren't there as well, except for scratchy.
  There's no skinner or Ned or Burns.
  And it was very conspicuous because there is a movie poster  in the Springfield area of Universal that should be Rainier Wolf Castle.
  But it's a Rainier Wolf Castle like figure.
  So I don't I don't know if they're doing that to spite him  or if he had control over his characters or what.
  That's yeah, that's interesting.
  I feel like he couldn't have control.
  It feels like Spite.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 It's also the ride implies that there is a second nuclear reactor  in Springfield at the theme park, in addition to the one  that Homer works at.
  Yeah, I'd feel.
 Yeah.
  Did they like get a contract from the power plant  for the power plant to install the equipment?  It like like somehow everything is powered by just a glowing green room  at the theme park.
  I assume that Krusty got, you know, just he worked with Burns  off the record on it to get the power for it.
  That's that's I mean, I wish I feel like Burns should be the villain of this.
  But it's still I think it's a great ride for story purposes, a great ride.
  But it's like Burns is the ultimate villain of Simpsons to me.
  And he should be the ride villain more than even Sideshow Bob, I think.
  But yeah, instead of just quickly passing by in a balloon with Smithers,  who is also very sure who it is also also does not talk that that is there.
  It is the briefest, glorious appearance of two major characters in the show.
  And just like no Ned Flanders presence at all in the entire area.
  Like, that's just a bummer, you know.
  But it's like I'm usually the first couple of times I went to there.
  I was so just like giddy of like, look, it's that and look, it's that.
  And I'm just telling I'm explaining every reference to either my mother  or my husband going there.
  But but then once I notice no Harry Shearer characters there,  that's the spell is over.
  I'm like, oh, yeah, they're Ned should be there.
  Or Smithers should be there, whoever.
  Like they're lucky that he doesn't or Kent Brockman.
 No, Kent Brockman.
  I want a picture with Lenny.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's interesting.
  Yeah, it's it's something I don't even think I noticed immediately  because I was like, side show Bob has been like portrayed as a super villain  many times.
  So I think it like take it took me like a couple trips to go, wait a minute.
  Something something's missing here.
  But you know what I will say was something I recall was that the  the movie had no side show Bob element  and not that they're they're needed to be.
  But there's something cinematic about him and his appearances.
  Like they were always nodding to to films like Cape Fear.
  And he was like a once a season character.
  So such a Bob, they've managed to make feel a little special  and almost felt like he could have been in the movie somewhere.
  And then I remember being excited, hearing that he was a big part of the ride  and that the the makers of the show said they kind of saved him for the ride.
  I think that is like a big piece that I'm glad they they held on to.
  And, you know, that may make does make him more special.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I was just going to say that I don't want to get too much Simpson.
  I don't want to critique.
  But like I also like Albert Brooks is in the movie.
  But like, why wasn't that character Hank Scorpio?  We have literally asked that to Mike Scully and he's like, he can't remember.
  And yeah, we have our theories.
  We I'm I'm pretty sure.
  It's one producer on the show or the movie in particular  did not want to have to dense a reference because they wanted it to not be a two  insular movie and they wanted it to be more for like they for podcast  or for podcast, right?  I think they cut an autopia joke from the movie because they're like,  no, who knows what autopia is?  That's too deep a reference to do it.
  So they cut it.
  So really, I have a feeling to that, like, well, I think in some drafts  it was Hank Scorpio and then they decided this is too inside.
  They changed that villain so much.
  He had a different toy made of him, right?  Yeah, the Burger King toys, different toy for.
  Yeah.
 Man, that's it makes sense that that would have been a thought at some point.
  But yeah, there's a similar thing to where, again, a Rainier Wolf Castle thing,  where Arnold Schwarzenegger is in the movie and not Rainier Wolf Castle,  which is very odd because like, how do you have both?  How does the Simpsons universe include?  How is there a fully functioning major movie star, Rainier Wolf Castle,  who is in the same world as our Arnold Schwarzenegger?  I think I think it was cowardice on their part.
  They were scared people wouldn't know who McBain was.
  And they're like, no, just make it make it, Arnold.
  No, let's not have the parody thing.
  Just make it, Arnold.
  Obvious for the the big stupid dummies who go to see this movie.
  You know, I feel like all that is a bit of an overthink.
  Like, I think so being that it does feel like every human being  has come across the Simpsons at some point.
  Maybe they were forgetting that.
  Maybe someone at the studio was not sure enough of that.
  But I feel like these characters are, you know, in the fabric of the culture  at this point, and it's not just the family.
  It's like the entire, you know, 12 to 20 biggest supporting characters, too.
  They want to change Wiggum because they're like, folks don't know  Edward G.
 Robinson and they're going to be so lost.
  We need to change him.
  We've talked about the movie a lot on other people's podcasts,  but it's so strange that for a show that famously receives no notes  because that was the edict from the beginning, the movie was focus group to death.
  They really relied on focus groups and screenings to guide the writing,  to change the characters, to get rid of jokes that didn't work.
  It's very strange for them to have no confidence when they famously  marched forth without any guidance from the network.
  Yeah.
 On the commentary, they because they recorded the commentary  like right as the film was debuting.
  And on the DVD commentary, they say, like, well, Arizona like this,  but Seattle didn't like that.
  And if Seattle didn't laugh really hard at this joke, we wouldn't.
  We were about to cut it.
  I was like, I it just was a shocking lack of confidence  from like the most successful sitcom ever.
  Like from and from all these people, I just yeah, it's it's I wish.
  I feel like now after this, how much everybody watches it on Disney Plus  and it's been mean so much and the Internet shows the love of all the esoteric stuff.
  I'd like to hope that a second Simpsons movie, they have at least  have a little more confidence for like deeper references.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  In in terms of life imitating art, though,  I saw this going around Twitter because of a news story.
  There's that bit in the movie where it's Tom.
  Tom Hanks walks on screen and he says  the the federal government, the US government has lost its credibility.
  So it's borrowing some of mine.
  And the Biden administration is putting out a commercial  about its first year accomplishments narrated by Tom Hanks.
  So in the realm of Simpsons did it like that never that never stops being true, I guess.
  Now they they did it again.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 By by by making up what would be  it's very silly thing to happen, that every just living in life  catches up to it over and over and over again.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Do we know did people end up enjoying the movie more than not?  Like I at least recall my first experience.
  Maybe there was just something about big screen and they look elevated  and there's a there's a like kind of thicker score to it,  like more orchestra going on.
  I like I can't say that I like rewatched the movie a ton of times,  but I I at least recall it being a successful first view to me.
  It was fun.
  It was fun for like it was fun to feel like Simpsons mania again.
  The 7-elevens theme.
 Yeah.
  There was a feeling in the air of like it's Simpsons.
  Like remember when we all like that, I guess the early 90s  is when it was like truly like Simpsons mania.
  So it did.
 It was a real fun.
  It was like my first or second year in L.
A.
  There was a real fun feeling around of like, oh, we love the Simpsons again.
  And yeah, and I also like to look, Scott, if you're getting at the Green Day  did the Simpsons theme and you were excited by that,  I felt that too.
 That was exciting as well.
  I think I must have let now I'm going to be a churian candidate.
  Well, Green Day dies.
  His eyes went white.
 Green Day dies at the start of the movie.
  So, you know, you have your cake and eat it.
  Oh, that's a good way.
 Yeah, that's right.
  I would.
 Yeah.
 Why did I love the movie so much?  Well, that is one of Scott's picks, one of the 10 greatest films ever made.
  It was like this magical time.
  Oh, seven or eight of like this new Simpsons mania, because like it was  it was the movie and the video game.
  And then this ride was coming to and it was like all at once.
  Like on one of our podcasts, we had on a pal of your guys's.
  I believe Tim Calpac is who talked about working at Gracie then  and how it was just like the Simpsons factory was like every  blasting on every cylinder.
  They're like, we are making eight things at once that are all giant projects.
  It wasn't just one video game.
  It was a game on every available platform.
  So I think there were technically four, three or four different games.
 Right.
  Released.
 But with all writing by the staff, I mean, they were spread  so thin in that time period.
  Yeah, that was it feels like that.
  It feels like now because like nothing ever stops like this.
  Maybe we will get like in like 10 more years, then it'll be another  like Simpsons mania time.
  Like there'll be a Disney Simpsons ride.
  There'll be a new movie like little comes in.
  It'll come in like 20 or waves, maybe.
  I mean, I think I think Disney's got some real plans for the Simpsons.
  But it's a very specific like I think they're waiting for  a lot of contracts to end and then they really assault us with the Simpsons.
  Just they're pulling back and then boom, we're going to get hit with it.
  Yeah, I can see a big new rollout when the new voice cast is announced.
  Yeah, the next generation, the next group of people who will do it for 30 years.
  There's a bit.
  Oh, Scott, can I tell the bit that you had an idea for seven years ago?  Is that? Yeah, yeah.
  I don't even remember exactly.
 But yeah, Scott, you had a bit idea  to just like fake announce like a reboot of the Simpsons  that was happening with a new cast.
  But concurrently with the old Simpsons is not going away.
  It's just the Simpsons are back coming 2023.
  The Simpsons.
 Right.
  And I don't think they look different.
  I don't think they even say maybe it's new people doing it,  but they sound kind of sound alike.
  So the first show that could be rebooted without doing anything  to affect the original.
  So, yeah, I think that might be in Disney's plans at a certain point.
  But, you know, we'll talk about future Simpsons  after we talk more about the ride and the land, I think, because, yeah,  as you're saying, contracts are running out.
  Disney owns them.
  And supposedly there's expansions coming eventually for at least Disneyland.
  I don't know.
 Disney World a little slower.
  If I can point something out.
  So the Simpsons ride opened in 2008  pretty close to get like right around the same weeks in May of 2008.
  At this point, the Simpsons ride  is almost has been open almost as long as the Back to the Future ride  was open when they closed it.
 Wow.
  Like we're coming up.
 Really?  We're coming up on like, oh, they will have been open the same amount of time.
  That's madness.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  You're right.
 And she's again, well, the pandemic, like  makes timelines feel so bizarre.
  OK, yeah.
 So I haven't I haven't been on this ride in forever.
  Kind of for that reason.
  I mean, I've been to Universal, but like this is it's a bit claustrophobic.
  And there it's not one of my top choices to go on there currently.
 Yeah.
  But yes, so it was a handoff from Back to the Future.
  That's probably a thing to talk about.
  And how I remember the relief, I remember hearing  that Back to the Future was closing and being bummed out about that.
  And there being two options when rumors on the table,  one being Simpsons and one being Fast and the Furious.
  And me thinking, please let it be Simpsons,  because I don't and I don't know what like, you know,  I don't doubt that there's a good Fast and the Furious ride somewhere out there,  but they haven't built it yet.
  So and I really don't think they would have done it in 2008  as a screen ride then.
  So I was so relieved that if they were going to take away a ride  based on one of my favorite things, that they would replace it with a ride  based on one of my other favorite things.
  What are the what are the odds of that?  Yeah, that that did help Back to the Future going away.
  It eased the pain.
 Made it better.
  Yeah.
 How many times have we heard like something's going away  and being replaced by something that doesn't sound so exciting?  Yeah.
 Or by nothing at all.
  Or I don't remember.
  In 2008, Fast and the Furious was in a very transitional time period.
  Now it's like the second biggest thing in the world.
  Now it is the Simpsons.
 Yeah.
  I think I think oddly like now they could.
  If maybe Epic Universe or something,  like if they could build a ride that is cars.
  Yeah.
 Not whatever this dumb party bus  diesel helicopter thing.
  Tiny Vin on giant helicopter.
  Yeah, because Fast and the Furious now they've done heists.
  They've been spies.
  They've been the Avengers with cars.
  They've worked for S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
  basically like they can just do anything like, hey, John Cena's here now.
  Hell, Miran's here now.
  Whatever you want.
 They're here.
  The flying car at the end of the last movie in space,  like that would work perfectly in the mechanics of the back to the future ride.
  If we're just if it's just another reskin, like that would work great.
  And so, yeah, maybe that's what the when the contract runs out.
  Maybe it is the flying Fast and Furious car.
  I'm sorry.
 I don't keep up with there's a flying car in space in these movies.
  I didn't see this.
 Yep.
  Yeah, they go into space in the last one, which honestly,  it felt like they were pressured like it was a meme.
  That's like they're going to go into space someday.
  And so in the end of this one, it feels like they had to go like, fine,  we'll launch a car into space, but we're not happy about it.
  It's a joke.
 It's not the actual like end of the movie or whatever.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  I mean, in the previous one, like cars had raced a submarine in the Arctic,  I think, if I'm recalling correctly.
  I believe also recognized as one of the weaker of the installments.
  But going back to back to the future,  I think it's interesting that in terms of IP back to the future  and the Simpsons are polar opposites where back to the future  is not being rebooted.
  Zemeckis and Gale said it ends here.
  There's going to be a cartoon series and a ride and that's it.
  And then like 15 years later, there's a video game.
  But the Simpsons, even though voice actors are dying, it will not end.
  Like it will be continuing past our lifetimes.
  These characters will persist.
  But in terms of back to the future, maybe when Zemeckis and Gale pass away,  there will be a new movie in the 2030s or whatever.
  But they were able to keep a lid on it.
  Right.
 I have a theory, which is when Zemeckis passes away, Gale.
  I don't know.
 I'm looking at you, Gale.
  He's the one who would dive in on whatever Gale's Gale's around.
  He's down.
 There's already the they have that musical that's already happening.
  Musical.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There's issues and issues of a comic book series, some of which written by Bob Gale.
  And then I tell tell game the story game.
  Yeah, I it made me so sad at first that the Simpsons had to kill back to the future.
  Like that's how it felt to me at first is because I so I grew up in Florida  and I I was a kid who was not that excited to go to Disney World.
  I really wanted to ride the movies, though.
  And I think it's because I watch Nickelodeon all of the time and it advertised it so well to me.
  And when I could finally convince my parents to take me in like 93 or four  Universal, like back to the future was my favorite ride.
  And I just loved it so, so much.
  And to know that it was going away and replaced by the Simpsons.
  And then like that was why I was so disappointed when it first showed up  and why I didn't want to ride it until like a few years after it debuted,  because I just saw like, oh, they painted over the Institute of Future Technology  and they put a bunch of carnival games out front.
  That does not say Simpsons to me so much.
  So then once they built up the Springfield around it, that's when I was like,  OK, this was worth killing back to the future for.
  Yeah, it's interesting because then you get your locate,  you get your Krusty Burger and your Mo's and your Quickie Mart.
  Now, like Springfield is in a theme park as opposed to what is clearly  like a World's Fair Expo kind of building with glass bricks and stuff.
  They put a plastic Krusty in front of it and it didn't feel like fully formed.
  Yeah, I mean, that's yeah, obviously made it feel like a full land,  not not as big as some like adventure land or frontier land or something in Disney,  but like a land where you were actually feeling more immersed.
  But I also say like the ride itself,  they they definitely want the extra mile to even make that feel like a new,  fresh part of the universe.
  And they and they went, of course, in the pre show, they hand off.
  There's this narrative reason for why the back to the future ride has changed  because they have Christopher Lloyd, B.
  Doc Brown and basically what he signs the deed over for the Institute of Future  Technology.
 And he's about to he's like, oh, yes, yes.
  Forcibly, I  Frank sees what happens.
  Professor Frank is going to visit his friend, Doc Brown.
  What have they done? Why is this Krusty land now?  He gets in a DeLorean to stop it from happening and ends up at the exact moment  that Doc Brown signing something that will protect the Institute.
  The lawyer who is oddly named Mr.
  Friedman, I don't know the significance of that.
  Thank you, Mr.
 Friedman.
  And he gets hit by the DeLorean that appears out of thin air,  thus damning the Institute to turn into Krusty land.
  But Krusty shows up and Doc is immediately kind of a supplicant  to like immediately kissing up to him and calling him his boss.
  So Doc accepts it really quickly.
  Yeah, it's I think one of the strengths of this ride and  it is a ride that stands alone and functions like well as a ride,  but also commenting on a lot of theme park tropes and like  features and stuff in a way that's more cutting than when like Disney  kind of pokes fun at itself, you know?  Yeah, for sure.
 I mean, yeah, they go.
  And when I was about to say something really dumb, they go hard  making fun of Disney.
  And it's like, that's funny.
  Where's his back?  Yeah, that's not really that was the way I was about to say something  like really stupid sounding.
  But no, they they go harder, I suppose, if you're if everything's relative.
  Yeah.
 And I and you have to think that has to do with in general that  the Universal team seems to have figured out the ride mechanics  and the fun, you know, like trickery of it.
  Like clearly they brought to the table while a ride can do this.
  And this and this.
  But the writers ultimately were responsible for it,  including Matt Warburton, who we got to talk to.
  He told us great stories.
  Yeah, that was great.
 So from about a year ago.
  Yeah, yeah, I that was that was nice because we I think we were pretty sure  he was heavily involved in it.
  And then while we're talking to him, oh, clearly he like maybe like  uncredited a little bit super oversaw it.
  And seemingly the premise came from him is what he was implying.
  Like the at least the notion that you are on a ride  that is that has been hijacked and is falling apart while you're writing it.
  Well, you got to give him a lot of credit for that, because that's a lot of fun.
  Yeah, it really does have like the Simpsons touch of the Simpsons  satirizes blank kind of thing in this.
  And even though the show has already by the time the ride happened,  they've done so many great jokes about like specifically Disneyland,  just mocking Disneyland.
  Even with all that, they still like they can make fun of  they make fun of the kiddie ride and they make it the happy little elves,  which I love that it was like they could have used any like dumb kiddie ride,  but they used like a season one thing of the happy little elves  and brought them back.
  And then they get to make fun of like pirates of the Caribbean, too.
  Like it's all I and I think it also helps that like they're in Universal.
  So I would think Universal bigwigs are like, oh, you want to make fun of Disney?  Yeah, let's go over.
 Go right out.
  We're not.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Universal.
 Oh, it kind of like very early on was like, well, we're the old  for the older audience that were little body or a great line.
  They definitely said the word body for sure.
  For sure.
 So many, many times because people do say body.
  Everyone says everyone.
 Yeah, that word.
 It's a common word.
  But I mean, there there are some very like good  jokes about like  at the very like start of the ride itself.
  Like Lisa says, I'm scared and Homer says, sweetie, they won't kill you  in an amusement park as long as you have a dime left in your pocket.
  That's pretty good.
  Like pretty dark, pretty dark.
  And they're right.
  Also, like anyone every now and then someone asks, like, will I be like  if I go to Disney alone, will I get on a list or will I be tracked?  And I'm like, no, as long as you have it, that is the answer.
  As long as you have a dime in your pocket, you're fine.
  Yeah.
 Well, you know, it's Jason, you're just saying that to yourself  to relieve the feeling of being alone in the park.
  Oh, I don't care.
 No, I have never cared.
  I'm a wild man.
  There's there's so many great jokes in it about like, yeah, I mean,  jokes about Dale Churros.
  They have squeaky voice.
  Team does a joke about not being allowed to have facial hair is like an old  Disneyland like employee rule.
  Like there's there's some.
  That's pretty deep.
 Yeah.
  It's fun.
 It's fun to be walking through a satire of a bad place.
  But they still have to, you know, get you to have fun and spend money.
  So you can eat a Krusty burger.
  But based on the show, Krusty burger is disgusting.
  Krusty won't even eat any of his own food.
  You don't want chicken that's handled by Cletus, but you're going to spend  $14 on chicken fingers there.
  Yeah.
 Oh, and Mo's is disgusting.
 Yeah.
  It seems like real bad news.
  So it's funny that now they just have people earnestly lining up for Mo's.
  And while you're sitting there eating the Mo's food, you're surrounded by TV  showing you clips about like gross food jokes they did on the show.
  Yes, that's I mean, the line, the queue and everything like the clips  and then the new clips really like I think the first time I went on it,  I would have been happy just going through the line and watching the highlight reel.
  We're just like, yeah, that's a pleasure.
  This one's good.
  Like this is this is what I was like in the line for the first couple of years.
  I was like, oh, yeah, remember this one? This is funny, isn't it?  It was pretty frinky.
  I couldn't just dial them up whenever you wanted on your phone.
  Right.
 Yes.
  No, I know Scott is a line hater, but I love that the hang on.
  That's not exactly right.
  I guess there's some nuance to that.
  But but it's one of my favorite line experiences being in that line,  because, you know, it's it's so simple that it's just like, yeah,  look at every reference all over here and and just watch clips of Simpsons  with other people.
  But I do feel a kind of connection of if I see the other people,  there's the people in the line who are just like just still looking at their phones.
  But if I see another person looking up who cannot resist looking at the screen,  I'm like, yeah, that's you're my friend.
  We're going to laugh at this Captain McAllister joke together.
  I have had a similar feeling of like a lot of these people  aren't even watching the screen.
 What's wrong with them?  This is the situation in Scratchyland.
  This is I mean, you got to love that about it, that it's especially for us,  for all of us, I think that they have curated not just a bunch of great  Simpsons clips, but Simpsons material about theme parks,  which they like, you know, so much of not just the great Itchy  and Scratchyland episode, which I think they show most of.
  But there's Duff Gardens and Mount Splashmore.
  Like in those early years, there was so much theme park and theme park  adjacent stuff.
  So seeing it all collected and mixed with new stuff, it's really funny.
  It's just such a strong block of material.
 Yeah.
  I was one of the things I think Imagineers have talked about a lot.
  And I'm sure we've talked.
  Yeah, we've talked about it a lot is like, you know, there's budget  concerns for things, people in the blue sky phases when everybody has these grand  plans for things.
  And often I think Tony Baxter was saying like the audience never knows  like what we wanted to do.
  They only see what we have, like what they're actually experiencing.
  I would I feel like the Simpsons might be the only thing or the only ride  experience that you can see because they have it on a map.
  What they would do with the money,  like they've crammed actually more ideas and shown you like, hey,  if we had the money, we would have tried to make this a whole park.
  Like you don't see that in Star Wars.
  There's not like maps of the banter ride that we didn't get.
  Like, you know, like I don't I can't think of another example of like,  oh, man, can you imagine if they had like the room to do this Crustyland map?  Like I like that even helps, I think.
  And I think probably you don't want people like disappointed.
  But that does actually help my experience to make me feel like,  oh, man, Crustyland, that would be cool.
  I guess I'm in Crustyland.
  This is a bigger universe I'm in.
  And then you get to explore the whole giant ambitious idea in the ride itself.
  Now, I I've had the thought in the line they have one of the one of the new jokes  that they animated for it is it's Cletus and all of his kids.
  And he's giving you tips on how to sneak food into the park  and eat the meat it there.
  I was like, I no way, even if they're like most risque,  would Disney allow a joke about like, hey, let's have a tell people  how to steal sneak food in here and not pay for food.
  You know? Yeah.
  I think that Disney policy, they still have.
  I don't I feel like that's a let correct me if I'm wrong.
  So I feel like you can bring food in, but it's not heavily ever.
  It's not recommended.
  Yeah, I think if you're bringing coolers worth of food,  there's that picnic area outside the entrance of the park  where they'd really prefer you.
  But if you can fit stuff in a backpack, but but yeah, yeah.
  So you're not bringing in a knife to spread the cheese with.
  I think, OK, to Henry's point, though, it's not like there's a  Disney commercial and Mickey at the end is like, make sure to bring a sandwich.
  So you can save some money.
  Yeah, yeah, that's never even they can't even suggest that.
  It's just like if you read the fine print, it's like,  oh, we could actually bring a meal in, huh? OK.
  No, they're certainly not thinking about that.
  I mean, I just saw a story that like  Iger and Chaypec salaries almost doubled last year as like at the start of this year,  like all food went up 50 cents to a dollar in Florida.
  And it's like, oh, man, you guys aren't even trying to hide this shit anymore.
  Like mask off down at Disneyland or Disney World.
  Well, that's it's always literally mask off.
  You do not wear a mask at Disney World.
 That's the world.
  OK, I think that with with stuff like this, with kind of undercutting  what theme parks are in general and these specific digs at a lot.
  I mean, largely Disney, but there's little universal digs to self digs.
  I think that this ride doesn't come out the same way under Disney.
  And it kind of scares me to think that this could be.
  I mean, if this goes, whatever, we've all had a chance to do it.
  I like it, but I've done it.
  But were there to be Simpson's stuff in the Disney parks?  I don't know.
 I think they're not quite because you can already like,  let's be honest here, these Disney plus shorts are.
  Yeah, I mean, right.
  Like, I'm a little scared about this combo in general.
  I think a Disney,  Simpsons ride in a Disney park would be the Simpsons advertising Disney properties,  which is basically why they bought these characters.
  I think they're just promotional tools for new programs and movies.
  The teeth are a little, you know, the teeth get removed a bit more.
  And Homer is like, I mean, they'll make jokes about, hey,  we have to suck up to Mickey Mouse.
  But actually, we're literally sucking up to Mickey Mouse right now.
  As you're watching it, what if Hans Mollmann was one of the seven dwarves?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Easier stuff.
 I mean, yeah, we all saw Plusiversary.
  We know we know what it's going to be like.
  Yeah, I couldn't bring myself to watch.
  I saw like three frames of it and just like that.
  I think that tells me what I need to know.
  OK, I think they are.
  The Simpsons are like now brand ambassadors, essentially.
  So, yeah, yeah, they wave there.
  I mean, that's that is a funny thing about like for a show that is really subversive  and that probably took all of our young minds  in into places that were more like liberal and progressive and free thinking.
  I think, you know, because it has ideas in it that affect  at least in the 90s.
  It is funny that it's now it's just as with like the unironic food locations.
  It's funny that like come visit the Simpsons, give the Simpsons a hug.
  And like and you see them on the banner when you're leaving the park.
  And like nothing else in the banners  as you're leaving Universal is subversive in the least.
  I don't think Optimus Prime and the Minions like there's nothing else  that is a show that has like really cutting and weird stuff.
  Yeah, it's like I'm trying to think like the clothes,  like if there were characters even in the park now, I guess Chewbacca  I saw refuse a hug and a picture with somebody in Star Wars land,  which thrilled me to death because that's so much fun.
  But I do think I've seen like the villains  like at Disneyland have a little more sass to them.
  That's true.
  Yeah, they can.
  They can be like Loki can be like get away from me, Kovner,  or whatever, some bullshit like that.
  But like they but they can't.
  But like the Loki can talk like the homer you meet can't talk.
  He's just going to wave at you.
  But like, no, I mean, there's like there's so there's good,  mean stuff in the ride or in the the waiting line  that I just could not imagine Disney with.
  I mean, also with Disney, I keep waiting for the day.
  It hasn't happened yet.
  It was the first thing I looked up on Disney Plus.
  I'm like, OK, is the joke that Roger Meyers  Sr.
 made a film called Nazi Superman or our superiors?  Is that joke still in here?  And it still is.
 They haven't cut it yet.
  But I'm waiting for that day.
 Me too.
  Yeah, I it's it.
  Yeah, I think most things are still up, but it does feel like there's  from what's the what's the one they censored in Disney Plus?  Is it who's Michael Jackson episode?  So that one.
 But I'm talking about  the nice was a splash or something they censored.
  Oh, the bottom.
 Yes.
  The bottom and splash is all smeary.
  And I think they censored Adventures in Babysitting as well.
  They took out an F word in that movie.
 OK.
  Yeah, like I feel like even the like towards the end of the ride  when Kang and Koda show up and say foolish earthlings, don't you know,  all rides must end near the gift shop.
 That's too far.
  That's true.
 We cannot have that in the same way.
  Like if Disney started producing more of the like being more hands  on with the episodes, it's like, OK, Homer has to be shown to be a good father,  not at the 20 minute mark, but at the six minute mark.
  You know, yes, it's the only thing.
  Oh, sorry.
 Oh, no, I was just going to say like Boba Fett is the spoiler.
  Lerp Boba Fett's a really good guy, by the way.
 Now.
  So I just so yeah, I could see you're rude for it.
  Yeah, you're rude for them.
  And I think, yeah, Homer, they may have to retcon all the times.
  Homer's been an awful husband and an awful father.
  I'm so.
 Perpetual child abuser.
  Yeah, so comic effect for many years.
  So fucking mad about Boba Fett.
  I cannot.
 I am not.
  I'm not one of those Star Wars fans.
  I don't even care about like the bounty hunters, but Boba Fett  just constantly going like, hey, we can all be friends, can't we?  Let's all get along.
 I was like, oh, I found out you don't have to watch it.
  Someone told me.
  I said.
  I feel like that's an applicable quote for so much stuff.
  I haven't heard anyone talking besides an occasional complaint.
  And so like I, I am never up on TV.
  Like I am halfway through both Midnight Mass and White Lotus.
  And that's like five or six discourse cycles ago.
  So, yeah, I don't know what's going on with Boba Fett.
  I know there was like greasers  or there was like American graffiti s youths.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, people were upset about that, but I'll say this.
  They fit right in with like a Dexter Jets, there's a static for that space  diner, so I can't be upset about like, yeah, that was pretty plainly wrong.
  That was very frequently that thing.
  Very frequently.
 So, yeah, I can't be mad at that.
  I'm fine with those guys.
  And plus, they got Stu the Meat Man from Strangers of Candy is a major character.
  Oh, yes.
 Pesquase is in the show.
  Yeah, there's great.
  Yeah, I'm just I'm just commenting on the idea that like, yes, Disney,  it seems to really want to make sure everybody's a good guy.
  And explain why he's got like baggy black fabric  instead of baggy baby blue fabric is that explained at some point?  Yeah, Boba Fett.
  Mm hmm.
 That's a good question.
  I don't know.
 Well, so of course, after he was fished out of the  every escaping the Sarlacc pit, he's taken by the Jawas  who steal his armor from him.
  And then he is adopted by the Tuscan Raider group,  who then retrains him over a period of months, if not years.
  They get kind of fuzzy, the timeline.
  And then he takes on the black cloak of the Tuscan Raider.
  So perhaps that's why he changed his undergarments.
  So kind of like working with what you got.
 All right.
  It's possible the Sarlacc, the juices in the Sarlacc stomach  like made that material like degraded that because he was in there for so long.
  Like the armor itself held up because it was strong enough.
  So we had to get a different.
  Descar doesn't melt.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  So anyway, is that does anybody want to talk more about this?  I did read a  short interview with the guy who originally designed the outfit.
  And his vibe was like, yeah, we just kind of had to make it look cool and alien.
  Didn't have a lot of money.
 Did what we could.
  That's what so much stuff is.
  Some guy made it within theme parks and and Star Wars and everything.
  I don't know.
 We did it.
 We banged it together.
  Yeah.
 All you nerds are think there was meaning behind every little button.
  I want to go back to Krustyland, just the title Krustyland,  because that location did not exist in the show before it existed in Universal,  because we had a mention of Euro Krustyland, which exploded.
  We had Duff Gardens and itchy and scratchy land.
  So in the arcade game, there was a Krustyland that is level two.
  But in the show, it did not exist until after this theme park attraction happened.
  Oh, yeah.
  And I think it's funny that they with the invention of this, like there's,  you know, you have major theme parks in the world already with itchy and scratchy  land.
 And now to so now to add Krustyland on top of it.
  And like, I'm not sure where itchy and scratchy land is.
  I guess that's far away.
  But other but Krustyland's next to Springfield or in Springfield.
  And I was like, what are the other?  OK, we got to gardens.
 We got Krustyland.
  These are all parks that I believe are in Springfield.
  I don't think they're even adjacent.
  All throughout the history of the show,  there's something called Blocko land, but also there's Lego land in this world.
  So both of them land and Lego land.
  There's a little park where Lisa decides to become a vegetarian  called Storyland Village.
  There's a Santa's Village.
  Storyland Village turns into Praise Land.
  Ned Flanders religious theme park.
  There is a park called Disneyland that is not affiliated with Disneyland.
  That's separate from all of these.
  There's the water park, Mount Splashmore, a different water park called  Chlorine Dreams, indoor water park.
  There's the discount Lion Safari, a whole other theme park called Plaster Mountain.
  And that's pretty good, right?  Yeah, I get with our big rocks.
  There's something called Wet and Wacky World.
  There's an abandoned park called Six Flags Over Krusty.
  In the future, there is something called Cretaceous Park.
  That's in a future episode that I think is like Jurassic Park.
  And then there is I think this world includes both Epcot,  the real Epcot and F-Cot.
  And I don't know what the F stands for.
  So these are all theme parks servicing the Springfield area.
  The most theme park rich city in the history of man.
  Boy, I wish I could live in Springfield.
  No, I think that you can tell the writers love theme parks so much  and get so much like energy out of it.
  Like we also like Jeff Martin.
  This was something that we in one of our interviews, we chat with him.
  He's like in season two guy.
  And he he wrote the the Duff the  the Small World parody song.
  And he mentioned us.
  He had also written another song for that same episode in season four  that was going to be parodying of Pirates of the Caribbean.
  And it was about how on PC the whole ride was.
  But he he they apparently the song had the word rape in it  about how they rape in pillage.
  And they're like, you know what?  No, not using that song.
  They decided back back in 1993.
  Wow.
 Fascinating.
  And kind of before the PC uproar a little bit.
  So he was like calling out the oddity of it.
  Well, that's fascinating.
  Wow.
 So they were trying to go even deeper because that episode as a time  even before it changed scratchy land, they hit its small world jokes  and Hall of Presidents jokes and Main Street Electrical Parade jokes.
  Yeah, those are casual theme park going jokes.
  Those are people that know what they're talking about.
  One.
 What was it?  I always forget the episode, but Al Jean, like, said he wrote it  like season 11 or 10 episode while waiting in a line at Disney.
  It was a mom and pop art was written in line at Disneyland, right?  Probably in several lines.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 And not about theme parks.
  Huh? Huh.
 Strange.
 Interesting.
  Hey, we've all tried to do a little work at the theme park.
  You know, we've all tried to write some scripts at the theme park.
  Escape.
 Clear your mind.
  To that end, in terms of obscure jokes and boy,  what I love to I mean, hopefully we get to talk to him again.
  I'd love to know, like just to throw out things to Matt Warburton.
  And like, was this one of yours?  Because I feel like the more specific it is, that seems likely.
  And this one is so this isn't even a Disney thing.
  This is like the just theme parks in general, especially like middle America.
  This joke in the line, the crusty says, for those of you who like the latest music,  we've got the 1950s do up review  of the original Platters.
  Starring distant cousins of the original Platters.
  That is so boy, that's everything.
  There's that kind of thing in Hershey Park,  Kenny Wood and Dolly.
  Like, there's so much 50s in theme parks.
  Boy, is that right on.
 That is such a deep cut.
  Yeah, I really like the joke about a crusty  wearing sports jacket made out of Lincoln's diary.
  Yeah, it's a good one.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I also like that when crusty even tells you like,  hey, you made it here, like when you get into the last room  before you get to get on the ride, then crusty says,  hey, you made it here.
  Only 45 minutes left in the line.
  I'm just kidding.
  I have no idea how much longer you're going to be in this line.
  Yeah, there's about an episode's worth of original animation in the line.
  And when you get to the safety video, I mean, a lot of the stuff is kind of risque  for just a general line audience watching TVs.
  But I thought the itchy and scratchy stuff was genuinely shockingly violent.
  I mean, his skin is torn off in that safety video.
  Like Echo is one of the most  horrific shorts when his skin is torn off by the escalator.
  There's not as much blood, but still, I was surprised to see that.
  Yeah, it's a very good point that there is no I don't know  if there's any other safety video in the history of theme parks  that shows you what might happen to you in a deadly way when you go on the ride.
  That is totally crazy.
  A hand coming clean off like they do depict things that could  and in some cases have happened.
  Yeah, not on this ride, but in other rides.
  Right.
 No, no, no.
  And if you keep following the sequence of videos,  Sideshow Bob points a hand like a full ass handgun  at the Simpsons for like a while.
  Yeah, I couldn't believe it was a realistic gun and not like a joke gun,  like a harpoon or gun or something, you know, something that  is not an imitatable act.
  But it's like, no, it sounds like a nine millimeter just right.
  It said that he tried to kill a baby.
  They point that out like and the baby, even the baby.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is all stuff that maybe Universal maybe would have pulled a little back on  like right now.
 I wonder if it like if it would be the exact  they would let all the same stuff happen today.
  Well, anything happens at horror nights.
  Well, that's a different thing.
  Oh, you know, that's another of my favorite modern Simpsons episodes.
  And I think now it's like eight years old.
  But there's an episode called Halloween of Horror  that is the first time they did a regular Halloween episode  that is not a treehouse.
  And it's about they take Bart and Lisa to the a Halloween  Horror Nights type thing.
  Lisa says she's not scared.
  But the second she gets there, she freaks out and has a panic attack  because it's so scary.
  And they have to like help her get over that the whole rest of the episode.
  And as a teen, as a youngster who was terrified of Halloween Horror Nights  and still hasn't gone because it still I feel like that root fear.
  I love that episode.
  Like that's that's like my favorite modern Simpsons episode.
  Oh, wow.
 I got to watch that one.
  Yeah, I forget that we have this in common that you have the  afraid of stuff.
  As you reminded us at the beginning of the episode,  it extends to roller coasters and stuff to what's your level, Henry?  I have gotten better at it.
  And I really like so like five years ago when I first rode  the Guardians of the Galaxy ride, which I only did because I'm a Marvel fan.
  It scared me.
 But I was like, I have to ride this.
  So that one really screwed me up.
  But then I did the Incredicoaster like two years ago or three years ago.
  And it kind of reset me.
  And I actually can take a hard ride now.
  I had a similar journey.
  The Incredicoaster is my max.
  And I was afraid to do it, but someone pressured me into it.
  And I had fun.
  I will say the Guardians of the Galaxy ride makes me think I'm going to die.
  Not as fun as the Incredicoaster.
  But unlike Mike, I can't take the journey to overcome my fear of haunts.
  I just can't go with you on that.
  But I respect you for overcoming that.
  It's something that I can never do.
 Thank you.
  I appreciate that.
 I will say, though, I mean, I'm not pressuring you  to do anything, but I will say if you ever do, I would say horror nights  is the easiest one to do because they're really just like  you're motoring through those things so fast.
  That if you ever feel the inclination to try something  and a lot of a lot of haunted house fans, I think don't like it for this reason.
  But you're in like just a steady stream of people.
  And that is not as scary as like getting thrown in a room  or just somebody telling you that there's a Minotaur waiting for you  in an escape room.
  Like that's a lot different than just like walking by  and seeing a bunch of other people get like a fairly obvious  scare that's about to happen.
 So in the horror nights.
  Also has a polish, like a level of polish  that independent haunts or haunted hayrides or even knots.
  I feel like try to one up themselves a lot or just go  give the scare actors a little more freedom.
  There's more freedom.
 Yeah.
  Universal kind of pulls back a little.
  And after a couple horror nights, houses, you will actually get the rhythm  of how it works.
  Other like knots and other things are done different.
  Like houses are different knots, but kind of with the horror nights,  you're like, oh, OK, I see there's a I can see in the blackness.
  There's a person about to jump out.
  Like you can see you can kind of feel at a certain point.
  But that's look, I'm just saying in the future, I'm not saying you have to go  do it.
 But yeah, that's that would be my recommendation starting there.
  I have another like childhood  parks thing that like is about how much I don't like roller coasters  or didn't as a kid like I.
  So I grew up in Florida and a couple of years like the like fifth grade  or sixth grade class trip was like, we'll take you to theme park.
  And so because I live like Jacksonville, Florida,  like three hours from from Orlando.
  And so one year we went to Epcot and I hated it because I was like,  I've never been to Magic Kingdom and you're taking me to Epcot.
  Like I I wasn't ready to appreciate Epcot.
  I thought it was the boring like learn something place.
  And then the next year we were finally going to go to Magic Kingdom.
  But then some do good or Baptist  asshole at the school, like their parent learned  that on the day we had planned was the unofficial gay day  at Magic Kingdom, where the gays show up in their red shirts.
  And, you know, and now Disney is super embraced it.
  But back then it was, you know, just this thing like parents were like,  did you hear us? OK, we're going to I'm not sending my kid there.
  That day.
 And so we had to go to Busch Gardens, which for a person  who likes theming and doesn't like roller coasters was I hated it so much.
  Could not stand Busch Gardens.
  So, yeah, that's a rumor.
  So then how would you fill the day?  Were you trying to hide in?  I told my friends like, I'll write it later.
  You guys go without me.
  And then I would like just I guess Busch Gardens is a zoo.
  So you can hang around like zoo things a little bit.
  But yeah, it's like Busch Gardens.
  If you don't like roller coasters and you can't drink yet, like what the hell?  Good is it? Yeah, it's easier.
  Yeah, at least it's easy.
  At least they have the zoo.
  It's easier to fake than six flags when I would like if I went one up  when I was a teenager and I would just be like, oh, yeah, you got.
  Yeah, you guys do this.
  And I think I'm going to do the next one.
  I think like that's when I'll you said to like lie your way through the day.
  Like, I'll do this like I'll do the I'll do the Ferris or the carousel.
  I'll do the yeah.
  Was this going to be the next one?  If this technically is the next one, I.
  Well, it's a bummer.
 It's not a roller coaster.
  But, you know, I did say next one.
  I'm a man of my word.
  Oh, why don't we take a photo with Mrs.
 Taz?  It's like I can do a log flume.
  Do you want to do that?  Let's just do the log flume again.
  I can take one drop.
 Yeah.
  That was so good.
  And there's not much of a line.
  We should go on it again.
  Because I just yeah, I when we would go to like Hershey Park or something,  people just wanted to hang out and like maybe do one or two rides.
  And I'm like, we do this at the mall every weekend.
  I know we're not supposed to go off alone, but I am.
 Good day.
  I want to ride the coasters.
  You would have screamed at me.
  You would have been like 12 years old and you would have been like screaming at me.
  We are doing these coasters.
  I will leave you alone.
  Or you would say like you sit on the bench and I'm on the bench at the exit.
  Yeah.
 You sit by the Dippin Dots card.
  Right.
 I'll meet you there.
  This is still the case.
  I describe going on one ride and otherwise just having a couple of glasses of wine.
  You're like, what?  No, I like that now, especially with how much legwork you have to do  to go to Disneyland nowadays.
  So I think once you're over 30, you could just play the My Back Hurts  wild card because most people will believe you.
  My back's killing me today.
  It's going to really mess me up.
  Yeah, that's a good.
  That's a good little hack.
  Yeah, true.
  Can we have to plant the story beforehand to get this?  Oh, it's it's sprung up.
 I don't know.
  Could we look at this Crustyland map, which I really, really like?  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Which and this is pure Matt Warbird and we found out, right?  He said he had these frames.
  This is like this is completely.
  I'm sure there's jokes in here.
  I don't know.
  It's a little and I can read.
  We can read them.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 I don't know any of these.
  No, yeah.
 Yeah.
  This is a pretty sprainy stuff.
  Yeah.
 This is what I was saying when I was like,  was saying this suggests a larger sort of theme park.
  And I could imagine what like a Matt Warbird would have wanted to build  had they had like an insane budget.
  But yeah, there's Crustyland main entrance.
  There's Crustyland Main Street, Mount Crustmore,  which is, I think, this right here, right?  This crusty sort of stone face.
  Oh, well, that's in the ride.
  Some of this factors into the ride.
  Yeah, a lot of it does.
  The journey into Crusty's mouth.
  And then, as Scott, you were talking about earlier,  there's there is an itchy and scratchy land entrance listed here.
  Number four.
 What?  Oh, so this is adjacent to that.
  This is funny.
 That's my question.
  Yeah.
 Is it is it the idea that Crustyland was then built up  like a California adventure next to itching and scratchy land?  Which I should be.
  It should be on an island.
  Right.
 Like it's scratchy land.
  Because, yeah, as Jason was saying, there's a different this is a different  power plant over here.
  Or it's the same.
 Yeah.
  No, that's this.
  I think that's the Springfield power plant.
  But that well, you know, you meant that there's a second source  of nuclear power, which is the theme part.
  Yes, that that you see like, you know, Grandpa and Maggie next to.
  And that's how Maggie gets big.
  It also might just be like, oh, we want to have big Maggie.
  This is the simplest, you know, explanation.
  Yes.
 And we know in The Simpsons, there's many episodes where like  the geography is very different from episode to episode.
  Well, yes.
 Yeah.
  I may have the list of jokes in this is so great.
  Like the.
  Can you go back over? Yeah.
  And the no, they bring in some of the stuff that's in like,  yeah, Captain Dinosaur's pirate ripoff.
  Like that's in the ride, too, which I just love the gazebo.
  Just north north of the Dragon Boat ride.
  That's a good.
 That's a good one.
  Just even original log ride.
  That's really funny.
 Yeah.
  That is most of the icebergs right there.
  The change loser is one of the right joke.
  Very joke.
  Oh, that's great.
 Crusty Lou Studios is based there.
  So they film crusty as well.
  That's from the show that he called it in a like universal.
  It's adjacent to wow.
  Right.
 So many.
  There's so many jokes on 40 jokes here.
  And the tooth chipper, which is a reference, an old reference  to an old episode.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
  Which I forget, is it Duff Gardens or is it Ditching Scratchyland?  I think it's Duff Gardens.
  No, it's at the carnival.
  Yeah, it's in the part of the Bar Carni with the old Jim Varney in it.
  Yeah, right.
 There's it because it's the it's the roller coaster  where literally it stops and everyone hits their teeth on the rail  for the restraint, which that's I don't want to make you guys scared  to go on the Incredicoaster again.
  But I said a few weeks ago that literally happened to some poor kid.
  I was waiting to get on it and then a kid burst out my tooth.
  It does have that hard stop at the end.
  It kind of is a tooth chipper.
  Oh, there's two more I love.
  I've never I have forgotten these, the Screamatorium of Dr.
  Frightmare Stine, that's another one from the show of like it was a crappy  carnival ride that Bart and Lisa are so disappointed by.
  Oh, yes.
 Where it doesn't that is like a spring that is empty.
  Yeah, like it springs out, but then there's no monster on it.
  And I also like Radioactive Man the Ride, which is like their Spider-Man  or Batman the Ride for for this, like in their universe.
  And that's good.
 Yeah.
  And then at the very end, get probed by King and Code.
  So, yeah, it's just so like so much where you're standing in line.
  And if you're paying attention and you're not on your phone,  you would see exactly what they might do with the full Simpsons land,  which is awesome.
 Well, this reminded me of something.
  And Henry, you might have more info on this.
  I'm just vaguely remembering there was a Simpsons attraction  at a theme park in Australia.
  And within that attraction, you can watch these videos online.
  There is a sequel to Bart versus Australia.
  You see a follow up with Tobias's family.
  The Simpsons visit them and there's more jokes and stuff.
  I think it was made in 1999.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So there was this like half-assed Fox tried to do their own universal,  but in Australia.
  And and so it's like, yeah, it's the Fox studio.
  But they never had any real ride.
  And so the Simpson ride there was it started with the story of  of, you know, them sent back to Australia to apologize.
  But it's not the old animation.
  They did a whole new animation for the entire thing, but with the same  a lot of the same jokes.
  And if you watch the video on YouTube of like the video of the ride,  there is like about two minutes of just a background with music.
  It is blank.
  That's because it because it was one of those, oh, you're in the movie type rides  of like they pick out two people from the audience and say, OK,  say you're lying in front of this blue screen and we'll put you in the Simpsons.
  And I think it lasted like tops five years before it went away.
  And like I remember when that video first hit online, like Bill  Oakley and Josh Weinstein, Weinstein, who wrote the episode,  they didn't know it existed.
  They're like, what the hell?  Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
  That's amazing.
 Jeez.
 Man.
  That's if you learn, yeah, you're there was more canon to what you created  that you had nothing to do with Tobias of the Australian family  who Bart Pranks does ending him up in an Australian trial.
  That's weird.
 What else do they do with them?  What? Why do they have to go back?  Or no, it's or it's just like stuff we didn't see.
  It pretends that it's the same plot of the episode.
  And it's just a retelling of it.
 Not a not a sequel.
 Yeah.
  I recall a lot of is them hanging out in the living room of that family.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  Weird.
 I remember knowing vaguely about this, though.
  I had no idea there was new stuff or that you were in it or whatever.
  But I remember hearing about it and like, well, it makes sense.
  It's an Australian theme park.
  And they'd like do something with the Australian episode.
  Except that the Australian episode portrays Australia  as like a miserable nation of thieves and inbreds.
  It's like it is very mean to Australia.
  I will say the half dozen Australians I've met only like that episode.
  Yeah, we're not insulted by it.
  I think Australia really embraced it.
  Brazil got mad at the Simpsons, but Australia is like, yes, give us hell, Simpsons.
  Well, I guess, yeah, I guess they were great.
  That's why they embraced that episode.
  Can can I say two little things about the line?  And even before you get into really the pre show room,  one is you go through Krusty's head.
  But when you look up, when you go in there and his uvula is up there  and it's a bit is a punching bag, which is fun to go hit.
  And I had the fun of like my my son is little and he's not old enough to go  on the ride.
 But I but I was like, oh, he's going to love that uvula.
  And he he hit the hell out of it.
  It was great.
  And so that's a lot of fun.
  Something to do even if you can't go on it.
  And then like, am I insane that I why do I like  that near that map that you were showing us, Mike,  that there is just a sign printed out with the Gracie Films logo?  Am I a maniac for thinking it's kind of neat that I guess  I just like production company logos in general.
  But it's like, it's funny that we've seen this our whole lives  on episodes of the show, the shush and then the little jingle.
  And it's funny that now it's enough.
  It's on a physical build.
  A production company logo is on a building.
  Your brain was forming at a certain point and you were surged with dopamine  from a Simpson episode in the right formative time.
  So that goes on now.
  Anything at the end, any visual at the end.
  Yeah.
 Anything like it could be the most disturbing image possible.
  It could be like some awful, collegial nightmare.
  Yeah.
  I think a mountain of rotting animals and you're like, wow,  it has the same effect on me.
  And that's why I was furious when you watch those new shorts.
  They insert Mickey into the Gracie Films audience.
  They know.
  Really? Yes.
  Watch to the end, you'll see the Gracie logo has Mickey sitting next  to the shushing lady now.
  It's true.
 No, no.
  Get out of there, Mickey.
  It feels sacrilegious.
 Yeah.
  Oh, that's sort of like  whenever WWE nowadays makes a WWE produced documentary  and everyone is talking about like, well, back in 1991,  the thing you have to remember about WWE, like they're using  the current corporate branding and you.
  But they don't have enough budget to sometimes people go WWF.
  I mean, WWE, like  it's just so bizarre.
  You can tell everyone's struggling with it.
  And it's like, to what end are you doing this?  Besides pleasing a 76 year old lunatic?  Well, it's to reshape the narrative of all these corporations are just.
  Yeah, like in 50 years, you'll be like, well, Mickey always owned the Simpsons  and he's always been sitting in that audience.
  And of course, even when Disney made Home Alone in 1990,  they really understood how popular Macaulay Culkin would be.
  It paved the way for the new Home Alone, of course, that we all know and love.
  Who would have ever guessed that Home Alone would have exceeded  the popularity of the original?  And that that kid, I don't need to say his name, we all know it,  but he's 10 times more popular than McAllie.
  Well, did you know the brother of the actor who plays Roman  in succession was actually an actor, too?  Pretty interesting.
  When George Lucas pitched Star Wars to Walt Disney, he knew.
  Yeah, it's all going to blur together.
  Have you guys watched that Star Tours doc that's on the Disney Plus?  The rides that made us whatever type of attraction, fun attraction thing.
  Yeah, that's I didn't know that Lucas went to Disneyland on day two,  like that he wasn't there day one, but that he went there on day two.
  That was a fun, fun bit of info to learn.
  But yeah, that's great.
 Yeah.
  If you care about Tony Baxter there, like as a kid, like he I don't know  if I forget when he started working there, but that feels familiar to me  that he might have been there on day two to like that.
  So that a young Lucas and a Baxter way pre making his ride  and even working there at all.
  That's pretty neat.
  Though I hate that thing.
  It's like you get 20 minutes of learning about real Star Tours  and even just Star Tours at all.
  And then at like minute 24, they're like, and you know what?  Star Tours really influenced us when designing galaxies  as in the Zesta Galaxy's Edge commercial.
  The rest of the special.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 Yeah, we want more.
  Though we still are waiting for like  five hour deep dive documentaries on these rides,  which I don't know what the audience is.
  I mean, I guess it's this podcast audience.
  But we like I don't know if that's big enough for Disney,  Disney plus to do like exhaustive documentaries on these rides,  which is what we want.
  Like Alex Gibney level.
  Yeah, Ken Burns, Ken Burns, 12 part series on start  just Star Tours on the scope.
  Well, and they went and like get back where it's just unbroken footage.
  Don't stop it.
 Don't narrate it.
  Just show me raw.
 If they're mumbling, I don't care.
  We'll try to read lips.
  I just want to watch people working on Peter Jackson.
  He's the come in and like up as all the footage  and then painstakingly try to recreate conversations to make it seamless.
  Just debating on like what color eyes Rex should have.
  Oh, you know, Scott, would you be more likely to give Book of Boba Fett a try?  If I told you there is a Rex in it, there's a Rex model droid.
  It's not the Rex.
 Yeah, there is a Rex.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I think our audience has noticed this.
  I've been mean enough to put it on.
  You know, there's another that saves a lot for me.
  Again, without watching it, I love the show.
  The other perfect show.
  Really, if there is this thing on Disney Plus, Scott,  where you could just watch the scenes in that like bar cantina,  because in that scene as well, spoiler alert,  Max Rebo is teamed up with maybe Figurine Dan.
  They're in a band together in that.
  Yes.
 And they're in there.
  Yeah.
 So like that those scenes.
  Yeah, you could should just watch for that reason.
  Yeah, I want only the I want only bar and music.
  That's really that's how I feel about the original movies, though.
  You're never going to please me.
  I'm the most unpleasable.
  They have.
 You couldn't even call me a Star Wars fan at that level.
  They have.
 I guess.
 Well, we know the name of the music.
  I'm a Jizz fan is what I am.
  We know it's hard.
  It can be hard to please a Jizz fan.
  Amen.
  You know, me and Bob have talked about this before.
  Bob, I think I rode the ride with him the his first time riding the ride.
  We went to their together on an L.
A.
  podcast trip.
 But I do wish it's too bad.
  It's in 3D.
 But I know why they got to do it.
  But me and Bob were both just like, well, I wish this was 2D.
  But there's that would have cost them like 18 times as much money, I'm sure.
  It's like all the perspective shifts you have to do.
  And it would have like there's a reason even the Hanna  Barbera ride is like it's 2D guys  drawn on shitty 3D models bouncing around, like because it's just all the perspective  change, it just it's almost impossible to do in 2D and it would cost way more money.
  But yeah, it would have to be like a more traditional, I think, 3D  with glasses then to make the 2D look more like 2D.
  Am I wrong? Maybe I'm crazy.
 But something like that.
  And scaling to IMAX level.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
  Portions is much more difficult.
  I think a lot of it.
  The ride is kind of a strange proposition because you're going to it as a Simpsons fan  and you're watching all the clips in line and it's the Simpsons that you know and love.
  When you get on the ride, it's a Simpsons, as you've seen them in maybe five minutes  of the show in total, like the the Homer and 3D Halloween special.
  So it is kind of strange to me that, I mean, I understand why they did it.
  But it's just like this is not the version of the characters I ever see or ever will see.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The limitations of just that.
  Yeah.
 Using that back to the future like structure or excuse me, the infrastructure.
  I think the only way I can justify it is that I do like when as with the movie,  I thought the movie was elevated a little bit visually and at least there's a I don't know.
  You know, there's that there's there's mood to it that they're rendered in this way.
  And you only see them in this way, in this place.
  It's still odd to me, but that's kind of how I justify it is that, well,  at least it's like a a special one time only  look at these characters we like in this format.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure it helps sell some of the big moment,  like when you think you're upside down or when you're going down a rollercoaster.
  I think that's probably easier to combine the, you know, visual footage with the  you know, motion base.
  Yeah.
 With the 3D footage.
  There's probably I'm sure there's like a and I haven't been on it yet,  but like a runaway railway style like Mickey Minnie's that new ride  at at the Hollywood Studios where it feels a little bit more like the cartoon.
  But I will say when I I don't know if I consciously thought this,  but I was very into that Homer in 3D when he went in.
  I was like blown away as a child that Homer was in 3D.
  Like, and I don't know what year would you guys should like?  What year was that season seven?  So 96 or no, it was the fourth Toy Story came out.
  Yeah, it was 95.
  A year before Toy Story.
  Because that felt like that and then months before Toy Story,  like seeing pictures of Mario 64.
  I was like, everything's going to look like this soon.
  Yeah.
 Like this is the future, which it kind of is, but not fully.
  I didn't realize I'd be fighting against that now as a kid.
  I thought like you, Mike, like everything needs to be like this.
  This is the future of all entertainment.
  And now I'm craving anything to be because it's just so rare.
  I wouldn't want when they did the first like new Mario to decide scroller.
  I went, you can do that.
  You can go back.
  What's like it really was was embarrassing to think about now that I was like,  well, they're of course abandoned to the games.
  Why would you?  Well, you know, the The Simpsons movie,  they did a whole trailer beforehand about how like this isn't a 3D  like bullshit cute bunny thing.
  This is in 2D like they advertise Simpsons movie and then Moe's head pops out  like in 2D.
  But but this ride.
  Yeah, it is 3D.
  I mean, it does make me fear that like if they were to do a second Simpsons movie,  Disney wouldn't finance it unless it's 3D.
  Like, I mean, that Bob's Burgers movie isn't 2D,  but that was under the Fox regime that they did it.
  That wasn't a Disney choice.
  They recently did a Toy Story parody with much better CG than what's in the right.
  I mean, it's 14 years later, 13 years later,  but I could see that being an option for the future.
  I mean, there's now a CGI SpongeBob show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that was oh, yeah, that was written by our pal Julia Prescott was.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, good.
  But but yeah, that's that's what's a problem, though, with the ride making a 3D  is like it was cutting edge in 2008 and 14 years later, 3D looks all right.
  It looks good.
  Yeah.
  It's always tricky, too, with The Simpsons.
  The way The Simpsons are drawn and I we were talking before we started a little  bit about toys, it's always just a little odd seeing these character designs  in three dimensions.
  And there's two per seven.
  This company is making new Simpsons toys and I'm excited to see how they look.
  But it was it always looks a little wrong seeing them 3D.
  And I guess, yeah, that's why there's so many memes about front facing Simpsons  because outside of the in-betweens when they're turning around,  they rarely ever look directly at the camera because it's just so freakish.
  And you think about what that would be in real life if you're staring  at someone who's shaped like that.
  Yes, exactly.
 It's often so scary.
  But Bart and Lisa, especially is it in the itchy and scratchy  that they look up disappointed at Marge?  I don't know what it's about.
  Oh, yeah.
 She's saying they're going to go to a bird sanctuary  and for the family vacation.
  Oh, yeah.
 It is the theme park.
  Yeah.
 That view, which is very funny.
  It's like hilarious and purposefully.
  So this scary, weird front facing view of disappointed Bart and Lisa.
  But yeah, mostly it's yeah, it's all and the suited characters  are kind of upsetting.
  I'm not like dying to get photos with the universal walk around.
  You know, Crusty and Crusty and Bob are my favorites to get the photo with  because they already look like freakish anyway.
  But there's something about having a Bart that's as tall as me,  like doesn't feel right.
  You know, that's the that's the one that feels the most wrong to me.
  If you're if we're talking freakish, here's something funny.
  I was curious about any information about the the opening of these rides  on either coast.
  And there wasn't anything too interesting about Hollywood.
  But Florida got a little sillier and went went kind of all out.
  And so here's a couple like funny opening day  only dimensions of three D Simpsons, I guess you could say.
  So they did sort of a flash mobby thing where they handed everybody  Marge Wigs were looking at a group of like 40 Marge Wigs  and like there's a laundry hamper of somebody passing out more,  which is sort of, you know, like if you're a fan of the show,  you're like, I don't care about that.
  I wouldn't be excited to like, oh, I got a Marge Wig.
  But then the the then president of the Universal Orlando is introduced  and then he walks out wearing one takes it off about five seconds later.
  But that's enough time for him to say, God, I can't believe they got me to wear this.
  Most you're easily embarrassed to dad thing you've ever seen.
  But then right below is the funniest thing.
  You might see it in the background of this photo that there's a little  like chamber orchestra and they play the Simpsons theme  when the confetti goes off and the rides officially open.
  Look how they dressed the conductor of the orchestra.
  Oh, my God.
  It really reminds me of how on the Today show, when they dressed up as peanuts  characters, it's just as ghoulish and disturbing.
 Oh, God.
  This is just to say for the listener, this is a like a conductor in a suit.
  And he is he looks like Krusty and it's not a cartoon Krusty head.
  His face is painted entirely white.
  And then he's got a headpiece with the three puffs.
  I mean, it's kind of like this is something I always wondered as a kid  with there being the Flintstones movie.
  Was there any possibility of a live action Simpsons movie done like this?  Practically where they're painting everybody yellow or in this case, white.
  But this is this is one of the scariest things ever.
  I mean, I guess I got the clown thing.
  I guess it ties into that.
 But like, true.
  Dear God, this guy, like I mean, otherwise, he's probably a good man.
  But if this was a creature who roams the earth looking like this,  he needs to be shot in the head.
  This is this is right out of a not the Simpsons porn parody.
  Yes, yes.
  One of the only other real world reasons that there's been people  painted head to toe, yeah, nightmarish.
  And need I remind everyone there is a music  teacher character in The Simpsons, not featured very often.
  But like, no, but in every opening, he's  usually in the very sheer, though.
  So maybe he can't appear.
  Didn't want him.
  Yeah, this reminds me that within the past few years, we learned that there was  a live action crusty show in development and Dan Casanetta was going to play  crusty and live action.
  I don't think there were any makeup tests, but that could have happened.
  But Fox had a a circus themed show that had already failed.
  So they did not greenlight the show.
  It wasn't old.
 It wasn't TV.
  Funhouse was the original TV.
  Funhouse where Smigel played a terrifying clown man.
  Oh, no, it was like, God, what was the name of that shitty clown show?  It was just called Circus Circus.
  Yeah.
 And that's where like Greg Daniels came from.
  And that's why he joined The Simpsons writing staff and a few other writers.
  Wow.
  Was well, I've never heard of this.
  Well, what other was there a Phil Hartman, Troy McClure show as well?  Or was that just talked about as an idea?  He always said he wanted to do it there.
  They say that he said he would do a live action thing with it.
  And I mean, if he was alive in the last 20 years,  he probably would have done it like five times over for Internet videos.
  We'd be tired of it.
 We'd be like, all right, Phil Hartman.
  Yeah.
  Even though now I'd kill to see him in that.
  To be tired of Phil Hartman.
 What a luxury.
  We should be so lucky.
  I mean, he would have for sure been either Sterling or Cooper in Mad Men.
  He would have been one of the ad agency directors.
  That would have had to happen.
  Sure.
  The other one similar to this, the rare crossover into live action.
  I remember it always getting said and you guys probably know  and I can't remember the name, but the King of the Hill,  that crazy priest action show that they'd watch.
  Yes.
 Monsignor Martinez and the pilot for that just surfaced  within the past like six to eight months.
  Wow.
 No way.
 Really?  Yeah.
 Oh, I'd love to see that.
  Oh, my God.
 Did that exist somewhere that's viewable?  Yeah, it's on.
 It was on YouTube.
  We were seeing it around because we we'd set it on our podcast  a bunch of times like, oh, I want to see that pilot someday.
  And then the second it was on YouTube, someone on our discord was like,  guys, it's finally here.
  Like, oh, great.
  Geez, I asked the right people.
 Oh, my God.
  I will check that out ASAP.
  But since that crusty show failed, then Jean and Reese,  for they just were like, well, what about the critic?  That's like a TV show.
 We can do that.
  So that that's how the critic was born.
 But, oh, I think, you know,  if I can say another thing, I wish was a little better in the ride.
  I think that there's they were too.
  There's too many jokes.
  I hate to play.
 There's too many jokes.
  But it's like they could have they could have silence just a couple times.
  And there's so many good jokes in it that sometimes and Homer goes like,  come on, Bob, we're both ball big and round and didn't finish high school.
  I was like, Homer could just be yelling here as he runs toward it.
  And I didn't need another joke.
  It diminished the previous joke.
  That's the one for me, I have to admit.
  That is that like, you know, last round of rewrite.
  We need something.
  And then they talk about this in the commentaries, how like the pressure of  we've seen this 40 times, I'm sick of this joke.
  Let's put a new one in.
  And then you put in one that's maybe not as good as the one that you got sick of.
  And that's the one.
  And there's probably another one in there where I feel similar, like,  yeah, that's a little like rewritey, I feel.
  Yeah.
 I mean, that's the problem with rewriting in general.
  It's like, oh, we've heard this so many times.
  Like, oh, you know, who hasn't heard this? The audience.
  Yeah.
 It's also just like  it's hard to catch them all.
  Even just like I like there's stuff all like pick up on.
  Yeah, like the 10th time writing it, because there's just so much flying.
  Like you're going through so many different scenarios  and there's so many lines flying.
  It's like, yeah, you could have gotten away with like  like a quarter of these, probably.
  Mm hmm.
 Even even some of the maybe.
  But at least like and well, I think I may have said this before.
  Let's just pose it to me.
  Despite I totally agree, Henry, that there's certain lines  that like I could stand and never hear that again or we could.
  There could be less.
  But I like this probably not as successful of an attempt in theme parks  at hard comedy in a ride that is meant to be funny more than once.
  It's pretty tough not to mention that most, you know,  there's not rides of the office or whatever.
  Like usually it's not yet a sit.
 There's no sign.
  Yeah, this is all coming for sure.
  But there's not a Seinfeld ride, you know, most sitcoms or comedy  don't land that lend themselves to the medium, but animation does.
  So it's a tricky thing.
  And I do think it like, boy, you need that Simpsons level of like 20 people  all like really throwing their best at it because other things in theme parks  that are meant to be funny.
  Oh, boy.
 Yeah, that's a graveyard.
  It's actually funny.
  It's not just funny for theme park funny.
  Now, it's like way funnier than, like, say, the Kung Fu Panda or Shrek 4D.
  Like I, I think it's way funnier than those comedy rides.
  Yeah, you could tell people affiliated with the show wrote it.
  It's not just people brought in who kind of know the show and sense of humor.
  Well, I'll contradict my own argument I just made by saying also  the things that I've noticed over the years I've liked are like  your Pirates of the Caribbean or even the new Secret Life of Pets  that has so much going on.
  Obviously, those are animatronic based and there's there's  you can look all around you.
  But that has tons of those both those rides have tons of gags  and lines of dialogue you miss, which does like reward  riding again and again and feeling like you're getting like a  maybe a new thing every time you ride.
  Yeah.
 The difference is with Simpsons, this is all one focus on the screen.
  So they are kind of trying to do the same thing.
  I if I think about it, those man, the screen like  this is the case for most regular movie theaters nowadays, too.
  But it's like, yeah, you got to do something with that projector  or maybe it's the bulbs or like I it could be crisper.
  Like, sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It was very dim all the times I wrote it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, I you know, the last time I wrote it was  my husband, I flew down like in August of last year when I was like, hey,  it's back open.
 We can just fly down for a day.
  Let's finally do it.
  And so maybe this was June.
  But anyway, we it was we got to ride it like private.
  It was just the two of us on the ride, thanks to the social distancing rules.
  And so that was that was a fun and special experience.
  But it was also I the ride is herky jerky a little bit.
  But this is the first time in the ride where I actually felt like it  like moved me forward and like my back slammed against the thing.
  And I was like, oh, my back really like hurt  to the rest of the day from just like, wham, right against it on the ride.
  Yeah, because there's certain levels of maintenance with theme park stuff  where it's like we have to do maintenance on this because the structure is falling  apart.
 And then there's just like upkeep level maintenance.
  And that's usually what falls to the back of the line in terms of like  allocating budgets, because when they this when they switched over, they did.
  It was Oceaneering International, the company that  fixed the Jaws ride took over like the mechanic,  like redid the mechanics from back to the future.
  So while it is the same sort of setup, it was a new system.
  But again, that was a long time ago at this point.
  Yeah.
 And it's also and this is I'll speak for myself, like as I get older,  sometimes I especially going on these rides a lot, sometimes I'll just focus  like on Transformers or Simpsons.
  I would just focus on like, let me really feel how this is like jerking my body  around.
 Sometimes on Transformers, like if I'm kind of more like in tune  with my I'm kind of just thinking about the physical experience, I go like,  man, I'm getting like fucked up on this.
  Like I'm getting thrown around like in a context without the fun of seeing  Optimus Prime.
 I would you'd be like, what is this?  Why am I throwing me into this piece of hard plastic over and over again?  But we love it, folks.
 Yeah.
  Why? Oh, no, sorry.
  I was just saying, yeah, it's it's like, you know, I do have to admit,  like there's a lot that I could that I could praise about this direction.
  And I do.
 And I remember it like feeling like it came out of the gate  so strong and didn't disappoint me who didn't want back to the future to go away.
  But at least it was replaced by a strong thing.
  The repeatability does get somewhere between the dimness of it.
  I do know all the comedy.
  It's it does jerk you around a lot.
  And then unpleasant things like that electric shock sort of like the  the buzzer thing at the end, like all of it does.
  And that like even that line will sneak up on you.
  Like it'll say a low amount and then you will end up waiting to load.
  You'll end up stuck in some room for a while.
  And even though I like the clips, like there's something about the experience  that just makes it a it's like a once every couple of years, maybe.
  And not certainly not in every time.
  What do you guys think about getting?  Well, sucked off by Maggie.
  What what do you guys think?  I I usually like little sense,  but that baby powder said I just don't care for.
  No, I like the baby powder sense.
  For some reason, I think it's because it's unique.
  I expected a spray of water the first time I wrote it.
  And I was like, yeah, because it's universal.
  There's going to be a little spritz.
  But yeah, the baby.
  But I also like I always have a disconnect there of like, well,  do the insides of a baby's mouth smell like baby powder?  Like, no.
 Yeah.
  Yes, being near a baby, maybe.
  Although, you know, like I'm already out of the baby phase with my kid  and baby powder was never around.
  This smell has not been in my house once.
  I'm not even sure why baby powder is it for rashes and diapers?  So, yeah.
 Yeah, I guess so.
  It smelled like a milk burp or whatever.
  That'd be like disgusting.
  I don't want that peeing a strange peas or whatever.
  Like whatever you would feed  a little smushed up apples like applesauce.
  That wouldn't be bad.
  OK, I guess not.
  Those don't seem that familiar to me as the I guess the quintessential  baby smells aren't good.
 Right.
  General is like sure to be avoided.
  Mostly that.
 Yes.
  I want to go back to back to the future.
  Scott was mentioning it earlier.
  I think this is a good replacement, but I don't think it feels as special  as that ride, because when this ride came out, there were maybe 400  episodes of the show.
 Now there's a close to 800 or possibly more.
  On that back to the future ride, it felt like it was an epilogue to the movies.
  And there is not a whole lot of extra  Christopher Lloyd is Doc Brown material out there.
  This is before he was appearing on talk shows and whatnot and in like  Geico commercials.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah.
  But yeah, it did feel more special because there's just  so little back to the future content that it was just like,  oh, here's one more thing I can see of this world.
  The Simpsons.
 There is no shortage.
  And 14 years later, there continues to be no shortage of content.
  Yeah, that's a very good point.
 Yeah, totally.
  Like it is one of the only places that maybe will ever exist to see these  these characters as opposed to like, boy, yeah, we've never stopped being.
  Simpsons inundated.
  But I do like that the ride, you know, like back to the future is about,  you know, of course, Biff has to come and mess it all up  and just the same here, it's like, well, sideshow Bob shows up  to Krusty land and takes it over.
  So and I always I always love that when a  watch the ride kind of thing starts with like, well,  this is going to be a very normal thing for you guys.
  And then and then you find out, no, this won't be normal at all.
  Someone changed it.
  Yes, for sure.
  I want I think we met Matt Morbren talked about this where  it was sort of almost a little late in the in the development  where they were like, we got to fly through Springfield.
  Like we can't just.
 Oh, yeah, yes.
  That he was like he would have been more than happy to keep flushing out  the fictional theme park, because clearly he did thoroughly.
  Yes, ma'am.
  But that some on a basic level, I don't know if it was a graining  or a James L.
 Brooks, but somebody's like, if there's going to be  one Simpsons ride ever, you probably need to go to the.
 Yeah.
  And that's true.
 That is good.
  And that it's funny.
  And he his attitude, as I recall, was kind of like, oh, yeah, yeah.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Well, yeah.
  Are you that it's like on Star Wars?  Yeah, the original I as a kid as a Star Wars nerd was like the Death Star  blew up already.
 This isn't that what they build a third Death Star.
  But but I mean, you need to do the trench run if you're going to do it.
  Do the same with like if you're on the Simpsons ride, a couch gag should end it.
  Like that is it just makes sense.
  You know, thematically for the Simpsons ride, you need a couch gag.
 Yeah.
  And which which doesn't seem obvious either that you could like get  manipulate a vehicle into into a space to make a live couch gag happen.
  It's pretty clever.
  I remember it like I didn't see that coming.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, that's real fun.
  What's the game?  The first sort of like walk around Springfield game, is it like around 2000  computer? You mean virtual Springfield?  I think so.
 Yeah.
 Whenever we got that, I was like,  all I want to do is live here.
  Yeah, like walking around.
  And it was not it didn't quite live up to the promise of it,  but it was still pretty close to like what you would imagine as a kid, because  any game that would get close to like where you could be inside the place  you like the start like there was a Super Nintendo Star Trek,  the next generation game.
  And it was like, I want to walk around and I want to like sleep in the bed  in like the captain, like Captain Picard's bed.
  That's what I want is a game.
  And then the Simpsons.
  Yeah, the Simpsons, that game came closer to something like that.
  Yeah, the park fulfills part of that dream, which is why I wish more  of the buildings weren't just facades.
  Like I want to go into the Androids dungeon or the Quickie Mart.
  That's the one that hurts the most.
 The Androids dungeon.
  It's like, you know, especially because it's a store.
  It's in the world.
 It's a store.
  I let me go in a store and buy stuff.
  I'll spend the money if you make another store there.
  I'll spend money in there.
  They had so many tables for that taste of Universal Food Festival.
  We realized like, oh, we can, you know, it was like right after we vaccinated.
  And we're like still they were spacing everyone out so much.
  It's like, oh, my God, there's hidden tables back here behind the Androids  dungeon facade.
  Yeah, it does.
  Yeah, you imagine what else would you want to do in Springfield?  Because everything is bad.
  That's the funny thing is that every all the stores are bad.
  But I guess I have I have some plus ups written down to plus it on my.
  Yes.
 Well, for one thing in Hollywood, they have an Aztec theater,  but it's just a facade like why can't that be the Main Street cinema of  Springfield? And you go in there and just like episodes are playing like six  episodes at once all around you, just like in the Main Street cinema.
  Like, yeah.
  And and also, I mean, Androids dungeon, too.
  And then another thing is I I wish Luigi's pizza wasn't just cafeteria pizza.
  Like I wish it was just some just slightly better, just a little better than  that pizza for Luigi's.
  Yeah, that's yeah, that's a good point.
  I was trying to think of food wise.
  We were talking about how all the food on the show is supposed to be bad.
  Is there like a fun way to lean into the food being better?  Would that just confuse most guests?  Like the like the package it comes in looks worse.
  It's you know, they have you know, they have like chocolate covered bacon  they sell there.
 They should have more like disgusting, like extra  like the morning burger should be there.
  Like the worst grossest stuff.
  Oh, yeah.
 Clav Kavash, the weird food.
  Crab juice.
 Crab juice.
  Crab juice.
  Mechelada is like that's what like in Canada, they're meat.
  They make mecheladas with Clamato, the tomato juice that is clam of Caesar.
  That's what it's called.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  That would be good.
  Like, is there a way, you know, in Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge,  Doc Gondar is like sort of hanging out in the back,  but everybody else is doing the actual transact like humans are doing  transactions for the gift shop.
  Could there be like a Moe character that's like kind of over by the bar  doing something or he's like smuggling the panda in the back?  Like a more like a robot or a person in a suit  where you can get a little bit more of that feeling  as opposed to like people being nice to you.
  You want to people you also wanted to be like Ed DeBevix or something  where people are mean at Moe's.
  I mean, I think the one thing they could do at Moe's and we even mentioned it yet.
  The flaming Moe is the wrong color.
  I know.
 It's not flaming.
  Make me sign a waiver saying, you know, this fire is going to be near you.
  You're liable for any damages to yourself and other people.
  I just want to see it happen in front of me.
  Yeah.
 Even even a fake out kind of a thing where they have a little display  for the flaming Moe, where you would put like the glass behind it  and a little show would pop up that you can make it like safe.
  Maybe you wouldn't actually see your glass be on fire.
  I mean, I guess you could.
  But even even just some sort of like pageantry  to make it seem like your your glass was going on fire would go a long way.
  If if it was just purple and had a hint of grape like that.
  And I mean, I'm also like it doesn't I get they want to.
  I figure they want to make it non-alcoholic so the kids can be like,  I want to drink a flaming Moe to dad and they can let you.
  But I mean, I wish they gave you the alcoholic choice there.
  It's like, you know, we're not in Disneyland.
 I can drink here.
  Just let me I would like an actual mixed drink, just a purple well drink  and just say, oh, it used to be on fire.
 Here you go.
  And even just drink that even if they want a kid's drink,  like put a squishy machine in Moe's.
  I understand that's maybe not canon, but like even something like that  to give the kids an option.
  Oh, how did they not do squishy?  No, they do have squishies.
 They do have squishies.
  Yeah.
 At Krusty Burger, you can buy a squishy.
  And I mean, it's just a slushy.
  It's just like nothing special about it.
  They should sell milkshakes and label them.
  What's the full term? You guys must know partially.
  Partially gelatinated gum based beverages.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 That'd be great.
  Yeah, that would be great.
  I guess I guess a lot of this logistically, they're like the audience  or people, your average tourist is not going to know what that is.
  Like we can't control them.
 Yeah.
  But a really good flaming Moe would have, I think, a butter beer effect  if they hold it off.
  Maybe they weren't like primed yet to be, although this food stuff came later.
  This came post butter beer.
  I bet you know, they must have tried like, hey, maybe that butter beer is made by  there.
 There's like a committed universal chef who's very good.
  And like, like truly like like delves into how do I make this flavor  from a movie and does research?  And so if they have that person, there's no way they didn't make a go  at a really good flaming.
  Yeah.
 But like I think maybe what you were saying, I agree with, too.
  It's like when all this stuff gets built, it's like this gets built  around the same time as Harry Potter.
  But obviously, they're not putting the resources from Harry Potter into it.
  And then Star Wars is like a few years later.
  If it had happened a little later and universal own the property,  would we have gotten like even extra plus ups  and then continuing to plus up?  Because now, obviously, they're like the contract is up, I believe, in 2028.
  I think I'd heard that rumor too.
  Yeah, it was a 20 year contract.
  Yeah, that's when universe.
 Oh, so what?  So that's what so we write that.
  So people don't know what that happens.
  But I'm saying like even anything we're saying now, even if a universal  creative person was like, yeah, we really should do something universal,  probably not going to put money into something like that at this point.
  Disney wouldn't want to renegotiate it and let them make a better  if the Disney's long term plan is we'll we take back Simpsons  and we'll make a better Simpsons ride.
  They don't want universals to get better.
  You know, they want to get worse.
  And I don't believe it.
  Yeah, I don't think it's the situation like with Marvel in Florida,  where Disney actually has like Disney can't get universals  like they can't get Marvel rights until Universal gets rid of theirs.
  So they would have to negotiate something or universal would have to scrap the land.
  I think the Simpsons is like a hard set contract  that like if Disney doesn't make a deal with them,  Universal just has to get rid of it.
  No, Marvel was in bankruptcy preceded.
  Like, that's why they made like such a universal got such a good deal on like.
  And also this contract is forever, as long as you don't make it look like shit,  as long as you keep it up.
  And I love it's bordering the Mississippi.
  It's like on this side of the Mississippi, you guys get Spider-Man  on the other side of the Mississippi.
  We we can have Spider-Man in Disneyland.
  Yeah, they should go all the way up.
  They could build along the bank of the Mississippi,  not on the other side, which is like there's legal precedent  that is like been used before.
  But it is so funny and old fashioned to say.
  But when people talk like now on this side of the Mississippi,  this will be the law.
  We're on this side.
  No, Tony Stark on the east side of the Mississippi.
  West side it goes.
  Yes, he's fine.
  I'll say one thing that I don't want to forget about,  that I wanted to pay this ride a compliment.
  The simplicity of just calling it the Simpsons ride,  which is what most park guests would probably just call it anyway,  even if it was called like the Simpsons, Colin journey to Krustyland or whatever.
  Everyone just say, oh, let's just do let's go on the Simpsons ride.
  Let's do Star Wars.
  Yeah.
  The branding at the time was the Simpsons ride, the Simpsons movie,  the Simpsons game.
  They were all on the same page with all that stuff.
  That per yeah, that's perfect.
  I'm I'm glad they went on the simplicity instead of like  whatever the full name of Web, a Spider-Man adventure is or whatever.
  Like, yeah, yeah, it's Web slingers, but then even Web stands for something.
  And well, the Worldwide Engineering Brigade, of course.
  You know, of course.
  No.
 Well, if I have two big compliments, I want to give to them, though,  for the detail they get at, especially the Hollywood one,  that VIP Krusty room is the greatest.
  Like, I love it so much.
  And it's only in Hollywood.
  It's not in Orlando.
  That's why Hollywood's the best, because like that,  because the other areas to sit around in, like the clearest area is fine.
  Fun.
 And the Krusty burger feels like a crappy Krusty burger.
  Like, so it's well done.
  But that VIP room, like there's a life size Gabbo.
  There's pictures from Krusty when he was a kid, like as a Jewish clown.
  There's and the best part is there are original drawings  of Simpson caricatures all over the walls,  and they are signed by the artist who did them, because  thanks to a rule in Simpson's licensing from day one,  any drawing of the Simpsons has to have Matt Groening's name next to it.
  And it was for a good reason, because he's like he knew  guys like Jack Kirby got fucked over.
  And he's like, no, everybody has to know Matt Groening made the Simpsons.
  I'm the creator.
 You're not taking that away from me.
  But an unfortunate downside to that is artists,  when they draw a drawing of the Simpsons, that's official.
  Matt Groening's name has to be next to it and not their signature.
  But in the Krusty VIP room, when you're in that room,  you know Mike B.
  Anderson drew that drawing or there's a drawing of Mindy by David Silverman.
  Or David Silverman's drawing of Krusty with a cigar is so great.
  They're all they're all the artists own style, not the house style of Simpsons.
  And like I've spent a whole hour in there just like looking at every drawing  and going, oh, that artist, they came out in season five  and now they finally got to draw this.
  Like it's it's just amazing.
 I love that room.
  It feels like Disney would not allow that.
  You know, running the park.
  That is, those are off brand.
  Those are not the figures you can buy and, you know, the things you grew up with.
  These are just different.
  Yeah, that's cool.
  I mean, all the stuff in that room, including those sketches and stuff,  I like I want to own.
  Like, yeah, like I like the get that Gabbo doll, the original art.
  Like it's a dream like a collector's dream in that room.
  I had heard a story that one of the artists who had their art displayed in there,  like it when she saw it debuted, they they were in tears of just like,  my name is never appear next to the Simpsons art.
  I'm so happy.
 Like, yeah, this is a tale I had heard.
  But incredible.
  That's great.
  Speaking of Matt, sorry, Mike mentioned wanting to buy Gabbo.
  I was not impressed by the gift shop.
  It felt like all the Simpsons stuff you could buy at Target,  with the exception of like, of course, you're going to buy the board license play.
  It's one of the best jokes ever written for television.
  I bought one.
 I think, Henry, you bought three in your lifetime.
  They break every time.
  I mean, they they're not they're not the toughest of of keychains.
  But I should be able to buy a Gabbo, a Gabbo doll or something like  there needs to be better exclusive merchandise.
  It's just I mean, frankly, no offense to your teacher, Henry.
  The teacher designs need some work.
 Sure, sure.
  Well, then the other shirts they got there just like they don't have  the universal logo on them.
  They don't scream universal Simpson shirt.
  It's like, what's the shirt with Homer on it?  I could buy that at like Target.
  Like, what's what makes it special? Yeah.
  The donut, the big donut is good.
  It was not until I heard your episode, guys, that I realized they were actually made  there and they're fresh, right? They are delicious.
  I love I love the one I go all Homer.
  The last time I was there, went full Homer and was like, no,  I need the one with bacon on it.
  The maple bacon variant.
  Oh, wow.
 I haven't tried that.
  How is that? Yeah.
  And back to this, I guess, my same point, I think also with the merch  like Harry Potter and then Star Wars have sort of like set a new bar for merch, too.
  So like Simpsons feels like it's stuck in old theme park merch.
  And I guess Simpsons in general, like there hasn't been anything that crazy obscure.
  We were talking about a little bit about the toys, like there's itchy  and scratchy robots from itch and scratchy land toys coming out  from a company called Super 7.
  But like that's starting to get hardcore for like the stuff we would all want.
  I mean, I complement who I salute, whatever person at Universal  got them to do the board license plates there to like to sell.
  Because if you didn't give a shit like everybody was like, well, yeah,  why we sell the name board on this?  It's like a joke.
 One person knows probably who cares.
  But like it was made.
  The decision was made clearly by some fan who would know  if we are selling things with people's names on them, there has to be a board  to there and you will sell more of those than any normal name you have.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I think with the release of those kind of obscure figures  like Pucci and the robots, I feel like we're at least five years away  from figures based on memes.
  Like you can buy the Homer disappearing to the bushes playset.
  You can buy the actual luncheon between Skinner and Chalmers  with a plate of steamed hams.
  I feel like they're going in that direction.
  They realize because SpongeBob figures, you can buy the images that have been me.
  You can buy the figures based on those images.
  Yes, that that'll happen soon.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, because they they sell a Wolverine action figure now looking  lying on a bed in his full outfit, looking at a photo.
  Yes, they need the all the weird scramblings of the dud.
  Every like  of the man and meme dud.
  Yeah, good.
  I feel like some of this too, the merch quality is  one of the things in theme parks like food is like cyclical where it like,  oh, it gets fine for a lot.
  Like I was down at Disney World in the fall and there was some great  throwback stuff for the anniversary, but otherwise,  a lot of the merch offerings were looking pretty stale.
  They're pretty same.
  So and then a few years later that switches and they get really specific  and interesting in the Quickie Mart gift shop.
  They have like, oh, this is, you know, a bunch of toys on the shelf.
  But then on the design on the shelf on the side is a picture of Ham Ahoy,  the food Homer bought in the store.
  I was like, OK, you know the reference, a ham ahoy.
  The next step is to sell me ham ahoy.
  Like you need to actually sell me.
  But I want Jesus H Rice.
  Yeah.
 A big bag.
  I would for sure buy tub to know whatever is in tub  with like a bunch of bees, if I recall correctly.
  I'm trying to I mean, like  it just occurred to me what I would buy if anybody has a like this would be  my ultimate Simpsons thing.
  And this isn't well, it's not ultimate because it's so simple.
  But if I saw it in a theme park for even like for like two expensive theme park  prizes, I would definitely buy an inanimate carbon rod.
  Oh, yeah.
  I want to the park triumphantly holding just this green stick.
  I'd be really, yeah, stupidly proud of myself.
  Yeah, for sure.
 I mean, the new that's new Super 7  Homer's toy has the carbon rod with it.
  Oh, that's cool.
  So like they know what they're doing as far as we want.
  But that is it would be a great idea and a simple cheap thing.
  Yeah, they could just bang those out.
  It's like making drumsticks or something.
  Yeah, that that seems easy.
  You know, another deep reference I like in the Springfield they built is the like  they didn't they make it across the land, not Duff Gardens,  but there's a Duff Gardens section and you do their topiaries,  but they have the seven Duffs, like including ones they had to make up  because they don't name seven in the episode.
  I was wondering that last time I was there, that thought occurred to me.
  Like, wait, these these are theme park original, aren't they?  Yeah.
 And the Florida one next to the water.
  Very nice.
 Nice to hang out by.
 Yeah.
  And and they have they have a Dumbo rip off Kodos ride, which is like,  it's fine.
 It's good.
  I I like having Kodos like yelling at me as I'm on a Dumbo ride.
  And is there custom audio for that? I never, never.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  And also the the just like on the Simpsons ride,  this the safety direction of things by Nancy Cartwright,  which she's doing like a very, you know,  a plain voice on it that I really like.
  She's great in that.
  Like, yeah, that kind of so nice, it's sinister voice over that covers the  because again, well, in both cases, you don't have scratchy  and you don't have King.
  Both are Harry Shearer.
  But some of the only characters who are visually depicted,  but you don't hear them.
  So you got to do something else with the audio.
  And Nancy Cartwright did a great why assume on the other one.
  But yeah, I dig that voice a lot.
  And also, you know, when you're in that waiting room watching the video screen,  there's there's crusty memorabilia or like photos on the wall.
  Like you can see there's even one like crusty with Mac graining.
  That's just like an extra deep reference you can find.
  I don't think it's in every room.
  It's just like in a few of them.
  But I saw an Easter egg that I I've I've not stared at it.
  So this is right before we started.
  So I can't confirm it.
  But I saw that apparently waiting in line  for Captain Dinosaur's pirate ripoff.
  When you burst into that room, you could see people waiting to get on the ride.
  And then one of those people is Steven Spielberg.
  So, oh, wow, I didn't know that.
  Yeah, apparently.
  But I didn't somebody straight.
  I didn't notice somebody kind of playing out.
  But and I thought, I wonder if that's anybody.
  And apparently Spielberg.
  So but I haven't I haven't looked at it enough to know.
  Interesting.
 And I like the sign gag in the ride, too, where it says like,  send money to Universal Studios, like just this extra just like  send them some extra money.
  I haven't given them enough today.
  Like, yeah.
  And then they get away with a bare ass in the ride, too.
  Well, not during the ride, but beforehand in the waiting room line  where Barney's told to take off his scratchy costume and he's nude underneath.
  And so you see his butt and he's like, hey, no, put it back on.
  Like that was again, would Disney allow a butt, even Barney's cartoon, but no,  they don't think so.
 They were like Darryl Hannes.
  Yeah.
 For theme park, it's it's subversive.
  And I guess that well, we we touched on a little bit.
  Truly, what what does anyone think happens in twenty twenty eight?  Like because we're in the world.
  Do we get a Disney Simpsons ride?  Do we get the demolition of this or is everyone too lazy to  actually make any of that happen?  Cinderella Man, the ride, Universal's dream finally comes true.
  I think it's gone.
  Yeah, I think it's I think I think it's time is short.
  So and if they have to get rid of it by twenty twenty eight,  then it'll have to go to at least two years before.
  Maybe they get the jump on it.
  It would happen.
 I mean, it would.
  Yeah, I guess you could completely just shut it down in twenty twenty eight.
  But I would think if they want something to replace that, it could be.
  Yeah, they could they could start getting rid of it.
  What is it? What year? The twenty twenty in three years, three or four years.
  These.
 Yeah.
  When I was watching the clips of the animation you see in line,  I was thinking what I'm watching here was in 2008.
  Fourteen years ago, 14 years before 2008 was 1994.
  We were in like season five of The Simpsons.
  So watching these 2008 clips makes you think this is a different era of the show.
  The show doesn't look like this anymore.
  None of the actors sound like this anymore.
  They wouldn't do some of these jokes anymore.
  So already it feels kind of out of date.
  Just just the 2D footage in line and, you know, the 3D footage is different.
  But I feel like they can't make new footage.
  So I don't see it sticking around past the expiration date.
 Yeah.
  You know, the theory I had, the only way I could  imagine that they'd get to keep it or that Disney would be if like Disney decided,  well, this wouldn't make as much money or it doesn't fit in Disneyland or whatever.
  Or if it was like some trade they make with with Universal, like, OK, you know what?  If you give us back Orlando Spider-Man,  you can keep Simpsons for another decade or something.
  Oh, no way.
 No way.
  Spider-Man, Spider-Man has a much higher  favorability rating, I think, compared to this.
  Yeah.
 Or that or Jason, you're just mad that that even the suggestion.
  I'm also mad at that.
  Don't even say it out loud.
  But I think it's like if you burrow down and you read about guest satisfaction,  that is like in the top five.
  I think the deal, though, what you're saying deal wise.
  Yes, Henry, that's probably that would be the only way is if Disney  could figure out what they felt was valuable enough to allow them to continue.
  So like, I guess that, yeah, that is possible.
  They could trade.
  Al, who who's the equivalent of like Al Michaels, who got traded for Oswald?  The lucky.
 Right.
  Like Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb, like if Hoda gets.
  Yeah, Hoda gets traded to Disney or so, like maybe they'll allow.
  Yeah.
 Hoda on Good Morning America would elevate that.
  Like those would both be gets for Good Morning America.
  They're still pumping out George Stephanopoulos content.
  So, right.
 But you know, you know where I would stick Springfield in a Disney  if they took it back is like the in DCA,  where the right by the Guardians ride is just nothing, just nothing.
  And like, yes, Springfield could fit there.
  And I bet Disney, I think 10 years ago when they built the Springfield,  like nine years ago, that was as good as they could do it.
  Then they did a great job.
  I feel like Disney, if they cared, could do it better.
  And I would like to see what they would do.
 Oh, yeah.
  And that's great.
  And DCA would fit too, because like you can't have a no beer Simpsons land.
  Right.
 And and I don't see them doing  breaking the Disneyland beer rule a second time for Simpsons  that they already did in Star Wars.
  Yeah, I would.
 It's a good question.
  It's a good point.
  Maybe even because if you look at that Disneyland forward,  which is their proposal, like there would be like a bridge  and that would lead to more California adventure even to if they  ended up doing like something over there, maybe  entirely new Springfield next to Pandora would be so funny.
  That's a great theme park.
 Yeah.
  I don't care about the blend.
  Just throw them together.
  Those are both great.
  What are you doing, Disney World?  Because I think that's a really good point about the beer.
  And I don't think Epcot makes sense, but you can't put all the new shit into  Hollywood Studios.
  It's Hollywood Studios.
  Hollywood Studios can't be entirely lines with 70 minute waits  with no small things to do.
 Yeah.
  They're running out of room there.
  It's got to be there, though.
  Yeah.
 Maybe you like, do you keep going?  Do you build into a parking lot where like past Rock and Roller,  where Lightning McQueen show is now just like entirely new stuff?  Or they demolish Indiana Jones.
  But I guess they own that.
  And stars and Star Tours.
  I don't know that they're I don't know.
  Thankfully, nobody's dying to get Star Tours out of anywhere.
  Right.
 If they don't like it.
  I guess Star Tours is a theater.
  Star Tours is a theater.
  They could rescan if they just wanted to make Simpsons  another rescan instead of a new ride.
  Just throw the same video in it.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's the thing.
  Like we you can blue sky it.
  But I think the issue with it ever being in Disney is that like,  we know what they're doing lately.
  Like there's now we're getting and post the covid and everything.
  It's like there's going to be one amazing ride, I think,  once every five years again.
  Yeah, I don't think that they're going to like go all out.
  I think at best you get a reskin.
  Yeah.
 I mean, so they do anything.
  Like, let's talk like real quick.
  Talk about this.
  Like I and I think I mentioned what probably my vote is, like,  if you were building the ride now, I think from what I know about  Runaway Railway, that's probably the way to go with.
  Oh, yes.
 True.
  To try to get to try to make it feel like you're immersed in the actual cartoon.
  Because like, even though I would like robots,  I think you still run into the problem that the 3D models never quite look right.
  And I can't imagine that robots  would look correct either in like a large scale.
  But maybe I don't know.
  Unless like summer robots, if it was a blend, because how great would it be to see  if you could think of a reason to have the robotic itchy and scratchy  going haywire like some itchy and scratchy land stuff would definitely  make me more OK with a new thing.
  I'd say anything from that episode.
 I'd be so excited.
  They could make it like a horror ride through itchy and scratchy land  as the robots go nuts.
  I mean, that would be amazing.
  And then they got to do the characters have to do all the stuff  they do in the video game, like Marge has to attack robots.
  That's a good idea.
  I want all that original arcade stuff to be physicalized.
  Yeah, that's a great idea.
  And that's also a great idea for toys.
  Have Marge, they all have to have their weapons.
  Video game.
 Yeah, totally.
  Yeah, so that would be a really great video game is the the old Simpsons  arcade game versus the old Ninja Turtles arcade game.
  Well, sure.
 I don't know why the Ninja Turtles.
  Why are the 90s Ninja Turtles and the Simpsons fighting?  I don't know.
 I don't care.
  Yeah, make it happen.
  And Scott, you know, it's great.
  It does not matter.
  No, yeah, nobody gives no just a care.
  Oh, he loses power plant runoff.
  Same thing.
  They're blinking.
 Yeah, there you go.
  Perfect.
 Yeah.
  Hit him with the hit.
  Lisa with swords.
  I you know, I mean, also, I want I would like  thing I love about it moving to Disney is that I  I love the Springfield, but it doesn't match with like  the carnival games thing that they picked as the first aesthetic for it.
  Like I I wish it was a full like, no, this is just  Springfield or just Krustyland.
  And also, I always felt the carnival rides feel kind of like cheap, honestly.
  Like they just feel like a little like.
  But I love the toys you get at them because like they may  they give away a dancing Homer toy I got at one of those, which like  they don't sell us stuff to dance in Homer from the season two episode.
  Just about anywhere like they they actually get kind of obscure  with like you can get an isotopes baseball hat, which is like  they don't sell those normally or like  a radioactive man, giant stuffed guy.
  They have that there too.
  And Blinky, they there's deep references in the toys you can get there.
  But I also would just like to tell Mike, here's forty dollars.
  Don't make me play the the knock over the cans game.
  Like I'll just give you forty dollars, please.
  Yeah, they don't they don't do that.
  Yeah, I would even like this wouldn't work or even like you go up to the thing  and it would be confusing, but you're like, here's forty dollars.
  I want that.
 Now let me play the game.
  Yeah, everyone gets everything they want.
  Exactly.
 Like you can get the obscure thing you want.
  You pay them as much money as they want.
  And then you get to pretend pretend it's a bribe, like in the Carney episode.
  Yes.
 Perfect.
 Yes.
 Perfect.
  Yes, that would be better.
  If you say the line from the episode about like, I'm looking for my friend  Mr.
 Bride and they like, OK, you've unlocked the secret menu here.
  There's you.
 Just give me forty dollars and here's the thing.
  Great.
 Yeah, perfect.
 That's right.
  They should reward deep fandom.
  Don't hide from deep fandom.
  And you guys would get rewarded most of all.
  Thank you for sharing your deep fandom and your Simpsons  ride opinions with us.
 Hey, Bob Mackey and Henry Gilbert.
  You survived podcast the ride.
 Yeah.
  So we did this.
 So glad you can join us here.
  And stupid humans, don't you know all rides end in the gift shop?  Let's let's exit through there.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Oh, sure.
 Of course, we're on the Talking Simpsons podcast.
  We're in our seventh year of doing it.
  And currently we're on the verge of doing both seasons three and 13  at the same time, flipping back and forth between those.
  You can find that all at Talking Simpsons podcast dot com and  or look for Talking Simpsons wherever you get your podcast.
  It's that easy.
 And we got a lot of other stuff going on there, too.
  Yeah.
 And we have a ton of exclusives on Patreon.
  It's this is our full time job done through through Patreon.
  And so we do we talk.
  We do deep dives into Futurama and King of the Hill that are only on  Patreon dot com slash Talking Simpsons, as well as what a cartoon podcast  where we go super deep into non Simpsons sitcom related things.
  We did one just about Batman or the South Park movie or  the Lion King, too.
 We just did.
  So so many fun ones.
  And yeah, I know.
 Thank you guys so much for having us.
  We've we've been telling you guys since we first met.
  You're like, you know, Simpsons, right?  If you ever need a listener should know we've been needling you since 2018.
  You know what? It pays off.
  That's right.
  But the long play the long game.
  And I know, but I'm sorry how we did it.
  And we've had we've all had fun with you guys together and separate on the show.
  And yeah, let's see if you like podcast.
  Listen to our episodes with them and their other episodes and everything.
  And as for our regular stuff, you can find us on the socials at podcast.
  The ride.
 We got merch in our tea public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out podcast, the ride, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The ride.
  And hey, and next week is February, but it's more than February.
  It's celebrity podcast, the rides celebrity restaurant month.
  So we got big stuff coming up next month.
  That's that's all going to be a blast.
  So stay tuned.
 It's all it's all changing.
  We're reboot just like the Simpsons maybe should concurrently.
  We're rebooting the show along with the main show.
  So get excited for Celeb Rewary.
  And, you know, talking Simpsons for this long, you know,  I'd like to end this episode.
  They go, it's only right.
  Shh.
 Do do do do do do do do do do do.
  You know, Mickey, though.
  No, Mickey.
 Beautiful.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
