 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain torrid lightning storm hookups, rowdy carnival  brawls between drunk 13 year olds, and unwise drug and cheese cocktails.
  And if you can't tell, none of this is stuff Scott, Mike, or Jason did.
  John Gabris leads us on a good time in Long Island's Adventureland on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast hosted by three real confident guys, not dorks at  all.
  Guys play along so our guest doesn't figure it out.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Hey, I am confident and sounds like it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  My voice is very deep.
  That's right.
  Always.
  That's not because I have a canker sore like way back in my throat today, which is true.
  It's because of my toughness.
  Not because of the stress I put on myself on a day to day basis that gives me sores  in my mouth.
  That's not why it's because I'm so fucking tough and I cursed.
  So yeah, that's right.
  That was very tough.
  Jason Sheridan fits into the circuit type as well.
  I'm so confident.
  So my ailment currently is that I have some sort of inflammation on my left index finger.
  So I am on multiple antibiotics.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
  Multiple.
  Well, an ointment and a pill.
  Yeah.
  Wait, prescribed?  Prescribed.
  Yeah.
  Via the miracle of Teladoc.
  I thought it was like a very painful ingrown nail and then it just was not going away.
  So that's my thing that I likely did through stress, potentially.
  It wasn't through jamming on the guitar.
  No, it wasn't through just like getting some T.
C.
 licks on the guitar.
  Jason usually plugs in and just like solos over some old Sammy Hagar Montrose albums.
  That's how I get into the zone.
  Let's bring in our guest too.
  I think we've done a good job preparing for who we are in our time.
  You know, he's one of the funniest people in all of podcast from high and mighty action  boys.
  John Gavris is here.
  Yeah, I actually am unduly confident.
  So it's smart to bring me in.
  I'll bring that kind of energy for you guys.
  Good.
  Thank you.
  Needed.
  My only physical elements are ones I've been dealing with forever.
  Obesity, small dick.
  Arguably one really helping the other one shine.
  What a pairing.
  What a deadly combo.
  The devil's pair, if you will.
  I got a pimple right in the inside of my nostril also.
  So we're all, everyone's doing great.
  We're going to need this as relief today.
  I'm so stoked to be on podcast the ride because since we did that live show in Chicago, sort  of we repaired action boys and you guys.
  Yeah.
  And leading up to that, the action boys, we cannot stop talking about how we are probably  the two opposite energy podcasts.
  Like, because we roast like Disney adults because we're just 40 year old toxic masculinity  guys.
  We're just like, and it's like, it's so funny that we're like, again, talking about four  quadrants, we're hitting four quadrants between those two podcasts for white quadrants.
  It would have been really funny.
  It would have been really funny if our audience had stayed and then you guys just did the  show in front of them.
  Yeah.
  And vice versa.
  People who like watched a Chuck Norris movie in preparation, sit down with you to talk  about like the parking lot at whatever.
  The would be ours.
  It was about a mall.
  It was about things that used to be at a mall that aren't there anymore.
  Interesting stores and restaurants.
  Yeah.
  Compatible.
  I'd say.
  Yeah, no, we're glad you could be here to bring this energy and flesh out the quadrant  situation.
  And also, I think it bears mentioning possibly, I think it's a little interesting that we  were like, we've been wanting to have you on for a while, but in my head it was like,  No, that's one to not zoom was we're sick of zoom.
  We're going to do it in person or to do it right when things are safe.
  And then you said you do it and then you got COVID.
  I got COVID over Christmas and I was like, I should look at my calendar because I think  this takes me to 10 days, takes me to January 5th.
  Do I have anything early in the year?  It's like, oh, I do have an in-person podcast record.
  I'm like, Scott, I confidently said yes, I record in person, but alas, we need to punt  it.
  It seems like it went fine.
  Seems like you're good to go.
  I'm OK now.
  Yeah, I feel I feel good.
  Something occurred to me.
  There is we have a system that we have probably not used in years.
  The idea of how we're supposed to rank rides and parks.
  Yeah.
  Our system of is it it's keep it as is plus it up or burn it to the ground for insurance  money.
 We rarely do this.
  And maybe we'll do it today with adventure land.
  But I thought we should ask you to do that with COVID.
  Or on the cron.
  If you had to keep your keep COVID as is plus it up, prove it in some way.
  Ideally, we burn it all to the ground and get insurance money or at least insurance.
  We just get health insurance.
  Might help all of us.
  Burn it all the ground and give everyone health insurance.
  That sounds good to me.
  All things to the entire country to the ground.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Start over.
  I'll take another six hundred dollars, honestly.
  I just prefer not to be on a prepaid debit card for whatever reason.
  This makes it so hard.
  There I did a podcast where the payment was like a seventy five dollar MX gift card.
  I'm like, I have no idea how to use this.
  And it's like I got to buy something that's exactly seventy five dollars, I guess.
  Or I have to bring it with me in store shopping, which is not a thing you want to do these  days.
 Swipe my seventy five, then pull out my credit card and put that last eight bucks  on it or something.
  Had more.
 And then the transaction is longer.
  Now you're in the place longer.
  Yeah, that's that's no good.
  No, that's you got like a code to write.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And I'm not of the level of wealth yet where I'm going to let seventy five  dollars that I got for podcasting fall on the way side.
  I'm like, I'm like, my wife is like, you OK?  I'm like, I got to figure out I got to get this money in our accounts.
  I'm going to say we're going to be OK.
  And I'm like, well, you know, I don't make a lot of money.
  So when it comes in, I want to put it so I'm trying to like take the money out of the  card somehow.
 I need the money.
  Where's the money?  Ripping it up with your fingernails is inside it.
  I have the money.
  Like you think it's an envelope.
  It's like, yeah, like something's got to be inside.
  Guys, hide the American Express gift cards.
  We'll do something else.
  Thank you for shoving it back in your backpack.
  Shit.
 All these Jeffrey bucks we're going to go.
  You're you are here today.
 You brought up this topic.
  I love when there's something that has not come up on the show and that like  represents a whole area of the country that we don't really know about.
  And we are talking about adventure land, which we should say is not  the Disneyland land, adventure land.
  And it's not a place in Iowa called Adventureland.
  This is Long Island's Adventureland.
  Not to get to fully into like Long Island centric, but I googled Adventureland  just to see if like before I came here, like check the Wikipedia and see if if I.
  And I was like, what do you mean there's multiple Adventureland?  And I'm like, yeah, the most basic ass fucking name, but it's such a part of my  childhood that I was flabbergasted that it existed elsewhere.
  Well, and the the one in Iowa just changed owners to right at the end of twenty twenty one.
  Like the people who own Kenny Wood bought the Adventureland in Iowa.
  And I'm reading this article and I was like, I don't think this is Long Island  because it mentions Des Moines a lot.
  It mentions nowhere about New York.
  And then I was just looking at all the names, the owners.
  And so now I'm just Googling guys names  just to make sure I'm not like, oh, funny enough, it's owned by the no, it's not.
  But this is the Adventureland that inspired the Jesse Eisenberg movie.
  Yes.
 Adventureland.
  Yes.
 Even though in that movie, that Adventureland is in like Pennsylvania.
  That is Kenny.
 Yeah, that was shot in Pittsburgh.
  Yeah.
 Kenny Wood.
 Yeah.
  So that they shot it at Kenny Wood.
  But Greg Mottola, the writer, director is from Long Island and based it on his,  I think his experience working at Adventureland or at least hanging out there.
  Yeah.
 Worked like Carnival Games, seemingly.
  I haven't seen the movie.
  So if there's Carnival Games in the movie, I think they're carnival games.
  In the movie.
 Yeah, I haven't seen the movie in a long time.
  And if I remember correctly, there is it Van Wildt, Ryan Reynolds?  Van Wilder.
 Yeah, he's in the movie.
  Wilder to me, baby.
  But Ryan Reynolds, I think, is in it.
  And Kristen Stewart.
  Stewart.
 Yeah.
  Stewart.
 I think Hader and Wigg.
  Yes.
 Hader and Wigg are sort of like the grownups at the place.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 And they all they have shirts that say Games, Games, Games.
  OK.
 That was one of the things about it.
  Yeah.
 What are the what are the other character's shirts say?  I don't know.
 I just remember they all had that on the poster.
  When you search Adventureland on eBay, you find the promotional Games, Games, Games.
  I kind of want that shirt now, though.
  Now that you're saying it.
 Yeah.
  Deep reference.
 Wow.
 Deep merch.
  What it so deep merch that conveys something else also.
  You know what I mean? Like I'm a fan of games in general.
  But if so, people are like, oh, you like games.
  I'm like, yeah.
 But if people are like, oh, is that from Adventureland?  You could be like, yeah, now now you're getting like the bonus content out of it.
  Yeah, this is this is what I say all the time about the toys I collect.
  You want like deep, you want deep characters that people go on.
  Who's that? And then you explain to them like because my biggest dream  is to have a Michael Eisner doll.
  And I say like, this is a first like edition Michael Eisner doll from 1989  when he was like fresh CEO.
  Yeah.
 The Disney is of all Disney figures I got.
  Yeah.
 Not Mickey.
 Fuck Mickey.
  But Mickey fuck Walt.
  It's the original Eisner.
  Characters are made up.
  I feel real.
  Is there's a real fucking guy, man? Yeah.
  That action figure does not exist, though.
  It doesn't.
 But I feel like I want to will it.
  I'm just it's something I'm mentioning a lot on the show.
  So it's it's like a dream for some.
  No one's going to make it at this point.
  The guy's 80 fucking five years old.
  I think somebody can make it.
  Yeah, somebody can make it.
  I guarantee.
 And printing being what it is.
  You know what? This I hate to really take us off on a tangent.
  There's a guy who sculpted a lot of like the old Ninja Turtle toys  when we were kids and like a lot of the Happy Meal toys.
  And he just posted that he's willing to do like sculpting work.
  So I don't know if he should sculpt the podcast, the Ride Boys,  and then have Michael Eisner as their friend as well.
  I got to figure out where you run into a thing where you see that connection.
  You're like, all right, I can get us a cool gift for the podcast  or I can make my dumb dream finally come true.
  You're trying to make those both happen at the same though.
  I'd rather have Eisner.
  I'm going to be judging how I look in the like, oh, that's what he thinks.
  I look like I didn't know we did Funko pops.
  He's a dozen.
  I'm like, well, that's what my fucking head looks like.
  But if we're like the same scale as like the Muppet Baby  Happy Meal toys with Nanny and Eisner's like Nanny  and the three of us are like on the big wheel.
  Like you want to tie your shoes next to you.
  That's a good point.
  You want him to be our daddy is what you want.
  I mean, yeah, I do.
  Long story short, I'm looking for a daddy.
  Does anyone get anyone 3D print me a daddy?  Yeah.
  Preferably the resembles Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, please.
  Your actual father is listening.
  He listens to every episode.
  Yeah, I know.
 Yeah.
  I said that I could.
  There's an episode where I said that the full houseman raised me in the morning  because he worked nights and he got really upset.
  Oh, man.
  Does your dad listen to any other podcasts?  Yeah, he listens to like he he's in like this.
  He like goes like, oh, you know, this off book podcast is really good.
  And then he listens to Doughboys and.
  Oh, cool.
 All right.
  Because I was like my mom doesn't listen to my podcast,  but I don't feel offended because she doesn't listen to anything.
  But really, Joel and Elton John.
 Sure.
  So but a dad who listens to other like that generation,  someone who listens to podcasts, that blows me away a little.
 Yeah.
  He probably listen to yours now.
  No shit.
 Thanks, Pop.
  Well, you know, as you.
  Sorry, Mr.
 Eisner.
  Yeah.
 You're not very polite.
  You might not get that listener.
  Mike's dad specifically.
 Yeah.
  He'll try it.
 Now that we brought it up, he'll try it.
  He'll listen to the show.
 My dad worked nights as well.
  I should mention really quick that my speaking of off book,  my mom finally has a phone that gets podcasts.
  And I told you guys this  finally attempted to listen to podcast the ride and put it on and said,  I didn't understand what was going on.
 There were songs about bears.
  I don't know what was happening.
  Basically, we did an episode with the off book podcast.
  There was an improvised country bear jamboree  that does not represent the other episodes whatsoever.
  So my mom finally tried.
  Why are there bear songs? Never trying it again.
  Damn it.
 My one chance.
  And any broken format.
 Yeah.
  Any time a friend from the past or a non comedy friend  who doesn't understand podcasting or family member chooses to listen.
  It's always like, I listen to the one you did about pornos with.
  And it's like, oh, they always listen to the one where you're like,  I would never send that as the one to listen to.
  I listen to the off format one where the audio was really fucked up  from seven years ago.
 It's like, why?  What did you choose that one?  A friend of mine from high school listened and hadn't listened.
  And he's like, oh, a friend of mine listens to your show.
 He said.
  And he said, oh, and I went to high school with Jason.
  And he's like, oh, yeah, Jason, we recently mentioned a short story  to crickets like the response to mentioning that story was complete silence.
  What short stories?  This happened, I think, when we were talking about  two about the impressions to France.
  And I said something about like writers who wrote about theme parks.
  And I mentioned a George Saunders short story.
  MacArthur genius grant.
  Oh, you said we were like, we were like, what are you talking about?  Yeah.
 And I was like, oh, that's OK.
  Let's just move on.
 Don't worry about it.
  This feels like a humble brag that you're saying, like, oh, by the way,  this is a classic relitigation.
  It's a relitigation.
  But it's also a reaction this time around, assholes.
  But this isn't like I listen to the podcast and I was embarrassed  what I heard.
 This was like I was in the podcast and Jason's smarter  than his other host.
 Yeah.
  No, it was like, you know, Jason misread the room and was created  with complete silence.
  OK, I was trying to.
  Yeah.
 I'm going to say the cricket.
  That's fair.
 Undeserved.
  Yeah.
 As his foes, sir, his co-hosts are dummies.
  Which is true.
 But OK, I get your framing was correct.
  I try to get if you can weave organically a George Saunders reference  into this episode will react huge.
  I promise.
 Luckily, there is a rainy pond in Adventureland  so you can shoehorn in swimming.
  I assume I don't know the references myself.
  Crickets, crickets, crickets.
  Tell us your connection to adventure.
  This was a place that you went on as a kid.
  You live near what's what's your situation?  It was a few towns away, but like anything on Long Island,  like everything is 20 minutes away.
  If anyone asks, you know, it's like it's a 20 minute drive.
  It's 20 minute drive.
 It wasn't bad.
  It's in Farmingdale, Long Island, and it was a go to like  treat destination like, oh, we'll take you guys to Adventureland.
  Like once a year was a thing from the family.
  But it was also a go to like field trip location for high schools  and younger.
 And then also like so and so is having their birthday  at Adventureland or so and so's mom wants to take  so and so and three friends to Adventureland.
  So it was it was like kind of like a thing to do.
  I would compare it to hiking in Los Angeles.
  Would you like to go to Adventureland Saturday morning or whatever?  But it it was a fucking.
  And so we had Six Flags Great Adventure in New Jersey,  which was, you know, way further away.
  But we knew that was like the real Adventureland felt like to us.
  And again, we didn't even know the differences between that.
  We just knew that they both had the word adventure in it.
  So it was like Adventureland is like Junior is like the little brother  to Six Flags.
 And in reality, they have no connection whatsoever.
  It's just, again, our small world of like we've been the Six Flags.
  And that's huge.
  So this must be the little brother that's on Long Island.
  And we fucking I love I love that place.
  I love that Adventureland until you got to it like 19.
  And you were like, this is this is an arcade more or less.
  It's like it's arguably like a large street fair in a way.
  You know what I mean? It's not like it's not particularly  thrilling or exciting.
  And there's not cool vintage shit that you would be like,  oh, this is legendary.
 It's been around since forever.
  Like the music express.
 Oh, fuck.
  They still they're still playing Get a Grip on this.
  Eat the rich in 2011.
  Well, this is yeah, you're historic.
  Look, we talk about Aerosmith all the time on this podcast.
  So you talk about I'm sorry, I don't recognize the bad boys.
  The bad boys from Boston is really calling.
  So I hate to keep sidetracking, but do you agree with Scott  and I that the best Aerosmith song is jaded? Oh, shit.
  I do not.
 I don't know.
  Yeah, it's a little like power poppy.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, it's power.
  I like Dream On.
 OK.
  That's a solid choice.
 Yeah, that's right.
  That's because and maybe it's because it's the song when I first heard it.
  And someone's like, that's Aerosmith.
  I was like, no fucking way.
  His voice sounds different.
  My favorite Aerosmith song is the one that doesn't sound like them at all.
  Yeah, there is a disk.
  However, not understanding that once I getting acquainted  with 80s, 90s Aerosmith, like Wayne and Garth Alicia Silverstone Aerosmith  and like, wait, that can't be that doesn't sound like the same guy at all.
  My way into Aerosmith was like the first album I got was Get a Grip  because they were cool from Revolution X and.
 Oh, yeah.
  And those videos that which that VR one  that goes right hand in hand with Revolution X.
  These guys are up on technology and they rock.
  I love I just watched a full Aerosmith concert four days ago.
  What?  On an access TV,  all the rock and roll you'd ever want from all the different personalities  talking about it.
  And Steven Tyler starts out the show in a giant Native American headdress.
  OK, good, good, good.
  I'm not going to pretend I don't know his background.
  I don't know.
 I'm not.
  I'm unwilling to weigh in on this either way.
  I just said a fact.
 I just said a statement.
  We're all know.
 Oh, yeah, you're right.
  You didn't ask for opinions.
 OK, thanks for the fact that that  would you say that's one of the biggest things the pandemic took from you?  Because in twenty nineteen twenty twenty, you you were really excited  for the lead up to Aerosmith Vegas.
  Aerosmith had been doing a Deuces are Wild Las Vegas residency.
  And I wanted to be in the pit so bad.
  And then a Deuces are Wild.
  A Deuces are Wild Residences are Wild Residences.
  Sort of famous Deuces are Wild.
  You know, you're very familiar with it.
  I'm very familiar with Vegas and very familiar with Aerosmith.
  So this is starting to creep into my likes here.
  I DMed the Park MGM and I said, will Aerosmith be back for their Deuces  are Wild residency?  And they said, we have no information about that at this time.
  So it feels like no, it feels like they're not going to be back doing it.
  So I'm sitting on Billy Joel tickets for the end of February in Vegas,  hoping that that doesn't get rescheduled or canceled.
  I know I'm just like spitting into the wind with Covid.
  I'm like, fuck it, I'll go to Vegas.
  That might be OK in February.
  But I feel I think you turned the mic off.
  Yeah, you're good.
 Perfect.
  Podcasting professional here, turning the mic off mid sentence.
  Secret information you wanted to give.
  Yeah, I just listed my credit card number that I used to purchase  the Billy Joel tickets.
  I'm glad I happened to turn the mic off.
  You'll be in at that with the specific time.
  And it's from the sniper section across the other side.
  It's wide open.
 Clear shot.
  No barricades whatsoever.
  Where were we?  I mean, we're talking about  we're happy to be in Smith as much as possible.
  Yeah, eventually.
  Well, I you know, I I saw that in looking at it on on Google Maps or whatever.
  And I I noted from above that the the physical space of the park,  I think might be a little smaller than the target that's next door.
  Yeah, it is like there's not a ton of room.
  No, there is like a mall that's like now like, you know,  sort of not a full blown closed in mall, but like a strip mall kind of thing  that features a Dave and Buster's.
  That's like a five minute drive north on the one or whatever.
  This is on 10 because I used to be in the name of the park.
  Is what we was called Adventureland 110 Playland.
  Really clunky.
  Try to get land in there as much as possible  so people understand that it's not in the sea or in the air.
 Yeah.
  Uh huh.
  It's not virtual.
  People are very confused.
 We got to say land a few times.
  OK, 10 land play land land.
  So like a little further up on the one 10 was a Dave and Buster's  and the rest of them all like the Dave and Buster's was like half  the size of Adventureland, you know what I mean?  And it was like it started to feel really quaint as things got bigger.
  Like even like the proliferation of like SUVs made Adventureland seem small.
  You know what I mean?  The second you were like 16, you were like, this place is small  because you were just finally big enough to not be in awe of it.
  Yeah, it definitely is the definition of like a local park,  like a neighborhood park.
  Yeah.
 And like I said that before about Knott's Berry Farm,  because there's like houses right behind it.
  There's houses close by.
  But this is really like, oh, yeah, when you look at it on the on Google Maps,  there's a target on one end and then down the street is a speedway.
  So it's like it's just off the main dreads.
  Yeah, off the one 10.
  And it's like, OK, so if you pass the target, you're coming up on it.
  If you hit the speedway, you've gone too far.
  Right.
 And that and that one 10 just has the most suburban  Long Island bullshit all the way up and down.
  And it's like a main dread.
  It's a main thoroughfare.
  You got Buffalo Wild Wings around there.
  You got a Stu Leonard's.
  Oh, yeah.
 People keep saying we got to go to Stu Leonard's,  this grocery store with all these animatronics.
  Oh, I've never been.
  I've never.
 I didn't even know that was a Long Island place.
  I think I went once in upstate New York because someone loved their hot chocolate  or their chocolate milk or something.
  We got to stop at Stu Leonard's to get the chocolate.
  And I was like, I remember being like mad at the woman who was saying that.
  So I didn't go in.
  Oh, my friend's wife was like, I got it.
  And I was like, oh, I'm fine.
  I was just like mad at the way she was her energy.
  And I like did like the pouty thing where you're like, I don't want anything.
  Then you just sat in the car and I said, I'm like, now I'm in a situation  where people are talking about Stu Leonard's and I'm like, fuck,  why didn't I just go in the Stu Leonard's, a guy who loves to see new things  and eat food and drink beverages?  I was like, no, I'll spite you.
  You won't register it at all.
  There will never be a moment where people ask on on some sort of error.
  Have you ever been to this place?  Do you have observations about it, especially the chocolate milk?  Someone did warn us once.
  It's like, hey, be careful, though.
  There's one Stu Leonard's that doesn't have the animatronics.
  So don't waste your time.
  Oh, that'd be the one we all drive to.
  You take a huge field trip.
  It's only five hours away in central California.
  You get there is the one without animatronics.
  That happened to me in Dallas.
  I tried to go to a fancy McDonald's that had chandeliers,  and then I got dropped off in just the most bitter, cold, desolate parking lot.
  Immediately clear from the outside, this was not a fancy McDonald's.
  Walked in just to make totally sure.
  No bad people sleeping in.
  All right, let's get out.
  I like did a change long lift ride to get to the.
  Yeah, it was once.
  I swear, guys, I'm not making it up.
  There was a McDonald's, a bunch of chandeliers.
  That's worth going way out of your way.
  How long did you drive?  Like 25 minutes, I think.
  That's not so bad.
  Do it, too.
 Yeah.
  Then went in and like, oh, this is Chuck E.
  Cheese, though Chuck E.
  Cheese didn't have the animatronics.
  Total waste of a.
  Oh, to Chuck E.
  Cheese.
 Not again, not to go on tangents, actually, but I'm purposely doing it.
  That's OK.
 Yeah, we it's for that.
  Not a tangent.
  A kid had their birth.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese was a big birthday party destination on Long Island as well.
  We had a nearby one and a person had their  classmate had their birthday party there.
  I went Chuck E.
  At a big figure comes up, maybe Chuck E.
, maybe one of the other gangs,  but a costumed mascot asks me for the gift is like, oh, and I'm like, yeah,  I'm here for Samantha Lopez, maybe Samantha.
  I was like here for her birthday and is like any like smiles and nods and takes  the gift.
 And then later on, when they're opening the gifts, I'm like, hey,  I got something and it's not here.
  And it's like no one could find it.
  I was like, oh, my God, I think the mascot stole the gift.
  And I remember what the gift was because I started I was old enough  like I was 10 or 12 or something, but I was old enough to know it was  not a kid that stole it like a grownup stole it or at least a 17 year old.
  And it was remember those like  scoop little handheld baskets that were sort of like  fake high life for kids, you know, like you would throw like a Wiffle  ball back and forth with, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was just like a plastic look.
  That's what the gift was.
  And it made me laugh so much that like an adult stole that.
  Someone's like, oh, right.
  Hopefully it's a video game and they just take it home.
  And it's something that's like seven dollars in garbage.
  You need a friend to do.
  Did that doesn't even feel like I could we had birthday parties.
  I don't remember like Chuckie or Mr.
  Munch taking the gift.
  Yeah, it was weird.
  Like I walk in, they were like, oh, and I like handed him the gift.
  He's like, oh, no, it's I'm like walks away.
  And I was like, well, you must know.
  Be really funny if it was like not an official Chuck E.
  Cheese character.
  Oh, yeah, this guy's very specific.
  Yeah, he's like, I bought this thing on fucking eBay for eight bucks.
  I can get anything I want from these kids.
  I'm a fucking art.
  I'm an art vark and I wander into Chuck E.
  Cheese and I steal some presents and I leave.
  Everyone there is stoned.
  They don't know.
  They don't know what the characters of the IP are.
  Corporate party yard.
  Hey, who's the art vark?  And it's like, oh, I gave my present to the art vark.
  Well, there's no art vark in the band.
  It's like, well, I'll tell you what, there's no art vark in the park.
  There's no art vark and Chuck E.
  Cheese.
 Everyone laughs at you.
  You know, who did I suck off in the bathroom?  What?  I gave him the gift I was going to give the birthday boy.
  He showed me we had matching stamps.
  Man.
  Oh, boy.
  Okay, this place.
  What about this place?  Okay.
  Any particularly like memorable specific parties?  Yeah, I have a really strong memory of,  a really strong memory.
  One of my biggest memories at Adventureland, which was I went for a physics field trip  sophomore year of high school or junior year of high school, maybe, maybe a sophomore,  one of those two.
  And the girl I had a crush on was in my physics class and she smoked pot.
  And I didn't smoke pot at the time.
  I just drank.
  As a matter of fact, we'll get into it.
  We drink before the field trip.
  So we get to 40s, me and me and some of the and this is an advanced physics class.
  So a handful of the AP kids, we get together and drink 40s at 7 a.
m.
  before we're going to before we're going to Adventureland.
  We're like, get fucked up.
  It's a field trip, bro.
  We used to get drunk before school, like once a month.
  Like it was like, yeah, I was a true dirt bag in high school.
  Like I was like, the more I talked to people, I thought the amount  I misread, I thought everyone's high school experience was like mine.
  I'm so like self-centered in that way.
  Whereas I got to UCB and I'm like, you guys are all crazy ass class clowns, right?  Who try to break a bottle over your own head at a party once.
  And it's like, no, I went to NYU for theater and it's like, oh, OK, well,  I guess we'll never get along until you're hiring me.
  That's a small type in this community.
  There's like there's four more of you.
  You'll meet them all.
  Yeah, you shouldn't against them.
  You're doing a podcast with three guys who were like, like, mother, I took too much cold  medicine this morning, mother, and I don't feel comfortable walking to school.
  Would you give me a ride, please?  I'm still going to school.
  I'm still going to school.
  My studies are more important than my finger.
  Can I take a day off school?  I'm on two different antibiotics.
  It's rocking me.
  Mother, my canker sores are acting up again, mother.
  And I'm worried I won't be able to answer all the questions in every class like I normally  do during the day.
  My George Saunders report.
  I'm going to blow it.
  Mother.
  Meanwhile, you're fucking hammered.
  So describing what is happening on another planet.
  Yeah, this is like Nat Geo.
  It's like a movie or a film.
  I'm imagining.
  Yeah, so we're we're drunk before school, getting on the bus to go to Adventureland  and we're like having a, you know, just shenanigans.
  We're like, we're so stoked to get there.
  We have to do some physics stuff.
  Like we have to do some things where we're like, just like notice angles and shit like  that.
  You know, like we'll talk about centrifugal force at when we're in one of the things like  they wanted it.
  And but it was all sort of like this is a movie for you to watch.
  It'll help you learn biology.
  You know, it was all like get the kids and make them run around or whatever.
  I remember that happening at like at Magic Mountain around here.
  But then like but there are things that defy gravity and it doesn't even have anything  that would teach you anything about.
  Again, the more the more I thought about Adventureland on the drive over here, the more  I was like, it really was very similar to the street fair that would like roll through  or the Strawberry Festival was another one that would roll through Long Island.
  And it would be like the same exact shit.
  But so we're there.
  I'll just name the crush Joanne, which is my mom's name, which is weird.
  But this is also my crush's name.
  So it's not a I didn't make up my mom's name for her.
  I could have made any name.
  I chose her real name.
  So in case she listens, Carlson's dad, please get her on.
  You got to send it to her.
  Not the off book episode, the one I'm on.
  Don't send her my monster.
  I never talk about her except on podcast the ride.
  So we get there and she is drunk as well.
  And she's being a little flirty and we were friends, but we only later hooked up once  in college when we were both like adults again.
  It worked out.
  It worked out a little.
  Yeah, I got a strong ending made out in a pool.
  During a lightning storm.
  So, but mother, there's a lightning storm.
  I can't today.
  Yeah.
  So as a strong ending, like we're like 18 years old, 19 years old or something like that.
  But I was like ready to marry her at that time.
  Like just, I was, I was like, oh, you were my high school crush.
  I'm now cool in college and you like me.
  Oh, I learned I was like a drunken hookup for her.
  I felt the opposite for the first time.
  Something I had done in college a few times at this point.
  I felt the inverse where I was like, so like call texting her the next day.
  So that was wild.
  Huh?  She's like, I know I really, you know, like I made a mistake.
  And I was like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, totally.
  Huh?  That's where I'm at as well.
  Making sure you felt weird too.
  Yeah, yeah, no, no, no.
  I've got a lot going on for me at college.
  I got to get back early.
  Actually the short form improv team I'm in where I've got a big show every semester.
  Let me.
  By the lightning.
  I think, I think our brains weren't right.
  Oh, okay.
  It was very dangerous.
  I know lightning in a pool.
  No, no, no.
  Making out with you.
  For my social status.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Okay.
  But at the time she's just, we're friends.
  I'm the funny guy.
  She has a crush on me.
  I have a crush on her.
  We're riding the Ferris wheel and we, and the Ferris wheel, I think was like you got in.
  It was like a, you can be in like a four person thing.
  And it was like shaped like an apple, if I remember.
  And like a circular table in the middle.
  So it was kind of like a cocktail table at a bar, like a four top that you sat at.
  And then it just went around.
  And so we told the guy we had to stop it at the top for a project.
  Can you stop us at the top just five minutes so we can get a met?  And the guy's like, yeah, of course.
  It's like, I think it, and if I, I might be misremembering this, but it might've been like  all of Long Island physics classes would go to this field.
  I feel like maybe it was like physics day at Adventureland or something like that.
  Possibly.
  Cause I remember the guy being like, totally.
  But then again, he was probably my age, like a year and a half old.
  He's probably a year and a half older than I was then and stoned.
  And was like, yeah, fuck, I don't give a shit.
  There was no question that yeah, totally wasn't going to be the response.
  I don't get paid any less if you sit up there for hours.
  I don't give a fuck.
  So he puts us up there and we're faking like we're measuring.
  We have like a weird astrolab type thing that like we took from that.
  The teacher gave us from the lab to like, but really we're sparking a bowl and I don't smoke weed,  but Joanne sparks the ball.
  So she's like, yeah, even then I was called Gabris by everyone.
  I was like, uh, hell yeah.
  And I just, I took a rip of a bowl and I'm drunk and I'm 16.
  I'm drunk.
  I've been drinking for a few years, but I've never smoked.
  Now I'm maybe arguably crossfaded.
  We, and it was so, and it was so fun.
  It was like magical.
  And in my head, I'm seeing like, this is like teen romance.
  Oh yeah.
  We're like smoking pot at the top.
  It's going to be fucking great.
  So then we go to get snacks and we go to the concession stand.
  We're in line at the concession stand.
  We get up there.
  They have chicken nuggets.
  I'm like, fuck yeah.
  Chicken nuggets.
  And they were like, uh, do you want barbecue sauce or something?  Probably honey mustard.
  Which dip would you like?  I'd be like, I want the nacho cheese from the nachos.
  Like they had like a little peel back nacho cheese.
  And they were like, OK.
  And they gave me that.
  And I'm like, hell yeah.
  And I'm eating chicken nuggets dipped in nacho cheese, lit as fuck,  giving them to people being like, this actually rules.
  And people eating it being like, it's kind of like, it's hot.
  It's really hot.
  It's kind of warm out here.
  And I'm like, yeah, it's fucking good, huh?  And they're like, yeah, it's really greasy.
  And I'm like, oh yeah.
  And I'm like digging in, going ham on these things.
  And then Joanne and friends are like, we've got to go on the pirate ship next.
  Which the pirate ship, I think, is a pretty famous ride.
  I think I'm talking to guys.
  Swings back and forth.
  Yeah, swings back and forth.
  And the cool thing is to be in the last row, right?  Because that hits you the most.
  You get the most perpendicular.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And if I remember correctly, the pirate ship, it either had the E had fallen off.
  Because it was like PI dash rat.
  I remember we would call it the pirate and be like, you want to ride the pirate?  And it's like, it's got.
  And it's all themed out like a pirate ship.
  But we all refer to it as the pirate.
  It's like, was that for physics day?  They just took the E off.
  Oh, shit.
  We got to take the E down.
  Come on, boys.
  So we get on, sit in the back row and she's sitting next to me and like,  you know, like sit next to the girl.
  You have a crush on your thighs are touching and you're just like,  it's not sexual at all, but it's you're like, you feel static electricity.
  You're like, oh my God, oh my God, this is physical contact of our thighs.
  And we're on the pirate ship.
  And I'm just starting to turn fucking gray.
  I'm like, oh my God, I'm stoned for the first time.
  I'm drunk.
  I'm full of chicken nuggets and nacho cheese and probably a Dr.
  Pepper or something like that.
  And I'm like, and I'm like, really great.
  And now I'm a grown up and I like know that feeling where you're like,  OK, just sit, breathe your little like you've gotten a little too fucked up  or a little too dizzy or as you get older, you know, like, OK, just relax,  just relax.
 I'm just get water in a second.
  I'm good for that.
  Like, but then you're just like, are you OK?  I'm like, fine.
  Get off the ride and barf in one of those green barrel,  you know, like the garbage barrels that they have laying around.
  And I'm just like, I am so torn because people are roasting me  for throwing up from the kiddie ride that is the pirate ship.
  But the teachers are around, so I can't be like, I'm fucking hammering.
  So I have to be like, I think the nacho cheese was bad.
  My friends who know I'm drunk are like, you liar.
  And then even the teachers are probably like, you've been staggering  and your breath reeks of fucking malt liquor.
  We're on to you.
  You should be commended, though, for being considerate enough to make it  to the barrel.
 Yeah, you get to a green barrel.
  I remember distinctly being like, oh, oh, you know, like, yeah, sort of like  I'm going to demonstrate for you guys sort of this.
  Where you're just like your cheeks are puffing and you're like,  chicken books.
  You're pecking.
  When you see a three or five year old do it, you know what's about to come.
  It's a 16 year old.
  16 year old backwards, quick silver visor and frosted tips.
  Oh, yeah, I had blonde hair and our frosted tips from like 98 through one or two.
  So around this time period, that was just sort of the natural greeting on Long Island.
  You were just like a salute.
  Basically, they're like, is he saluting us or is he going to vomit?  Welcome to the island, brother.
  Nassau County, I can tell by the nacho cheese, you know.
  But that's like my most distinct memory there.
  And it's like a highlight for me.
  Honestly, it would maybe not be as fun of a story if I never actually closed a loop  and got to make out with Joanne.
  I think I would look back at that as like my one chance that I blew.
  Because that's how I felt in the moment, too.
  I was like, it was really cruising for me.
  But again, I'm 16.
  I'm misreading everything.
  Like friends with a girl who really does want to date you.
  And you're like, that's my friend Janet.
  You can't tell that she likes you.
  You're in love with a girl who's just like using you for homework and you have no life.
  Yeah, that's I was like, oh, yeah, these two girls that like you, those are your friends.
  The girl you love you've never spoken to before.
  You've never spoken to and you sent her a note and she said she didn't want to date you.
  What's going on?  Just the fuck.
  If I would have had just a modicum more of bravery or self-awareness,  you could turn to like a girl back.
  Hey, we've like hung out every weekend for junior year.
  Are we like, are you into me?  Am I?  I think I might be into you.
  It's like, oh, shit, should we kiss?  Like instead you're like, I'm in love with that girl.
  What?  She's like five years older, smoke cigarettes, works at a salon.
  She fucking wants you.
  You're sick.
  You drive your mom's minivan when she lets you.
  I had a middle school crush.
  I don't think I've said this on the show who like was I thought maybe I was like making my way in  there.
  We'd like talk between classes a little bit, but she's a little bit like not really giving  me the time of day, but I'm like, this is going fine.
  But I was around enough that she could tell what was going on.
  And one time she was like, tie my shoes.
  And I went, I bent down and did it and I tied her shoes.
  So I was like, now she's, I have just sealed the deal.
  She was going by prison rules and you were going like, oh, this is the first step in  our courtship.
  And she's like, I got them in my hip pocket.
  You're walking around class with one finger in her pocket.
  Scott's like whistling his way home.
  I tied a girl shoes today.
  It was like Cinderella.
  Someday your kid will be like, dad, the girl, my dreams.
  I tied her shoes in class and you're going to be like, son, this is actually a lesson  I can give you on love.
  Don't have many, but let me stretch strap in.
  She told me she was going to let me kick the football then pulled it away at the last minute  for days.
  She's done this for days on end.
  I'm going to try again tomorrow.
  It's Christmas after all.
  So great when it works because there will be a win.
  Yeah.
  And that's going to be a satisfying kick to it.
  Worth the many, many trips.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Incredible.
  That has a happy end that there.
  That wasn't just like the end for you socially in several regards, but I guess, but I don't  know other people, some people in that group must have also thrown up in similar situations.
  Yeah.
  People.
  Right.
  I'm positive other people have.
  I mean, I would later be too sick to hook up with a girl in college like that.
  Like, you know, it'd be like, yeah, definitely.
  We're lining this up that we're going home together and I just crossed the line.
  I just crossed the thin red line or whatever.
  Wait, what's the name of the Malik war movie?  The thin red line.
  Red line.
  Okay.
  Because in my head, I was like, am I being anti-cop out loud?  Adventureland also recently back into my brain and zeitgeist because of Good Time.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Which I fucking loved.
  Yeah.
  They like the end of the second actor, a big chunk of the back half of the movie takes place  at Adventureland on Long Island.
  Not even name change, just it and you see it on a map and they use the real address.
  It is just fully the place, which is strange that they, it's cool that they would allow  that to come film here and use the name.
  And do acid and kills.
  Terrific.
  Because yeah, I didn't realize that's where this was shot.
  And when you brought it up, like, oh, that's where like one of the most horrifying things  ever was filmed is true psychological nightmare.
  Yeah.
  Which if you haven't seen it.
  It might be more distressing than all of Uncut Gems, a very distressing movie,  but I think the theme park sequence of Good Time is so unnerving.
  Such a nightmare.
  They have to break in there because they left a bag of cash and a, like a seven up bottle  that is full of pure acid or pure MDA or LSD.
  Yeah.
  And it's in the haunted house.
  So it's, which is like a kind of, I mean, any haunted house, I guess will be a little  scary in the wrong circumstances, but like that is a grimy neon upsetting, jarring.
  Yeah.
  I was kind of horrified to realize, oh, it's that place, God.
  It's so you feel like you're on acid or so.
  Right.
  It's, it's, it's pretty wild to like the, the idea of that.
  Chincy cheesy ass haunted house.
  If you're in the wagon driving through, you're like, this is absolute bullshit.
  But if the park, if it's just dark and you look in, you're like,  that's the scariest fucking thing I've ever seen.
  Like the side view of a haunted house, you know, you're like, oh, that's too spooky.
  But when you're in it, you're like, this is cheesy.
  This is, it's a small world more or less.
  And then when you just happen to like, get back and look back, you're like, actually,  it's fucking terrifying.
  Yeah.
  The break room is scarier.
  Yeah.
  It's the, so this is the, see if you haven't seen the movie where the like  Robert Pattinson and I don't know the other actor, but they break into,  they break into the park.
  Security guard sees them, bar cod, OBD from, uh, Captain Phillips.
  I'm the captain now.
  And he, he like tries to find them, take them down.
  Uh, but they beat them up real bad, a merciless beating and then steal his clothes.
  Poses the security guard.
  He no longer has security guard clothes on.
  He now looks like a drifter and they dump all of the LSD.
  They force feed it into his mouth so that when he comes to and the paramedics are there,  he seems like a crazy person who broke in and he's just babbling.
  And whatever's happening in his brain is enough.
  I just, I was like, it's so stressful.
  It's one of those movies.
  It's not a good time at all.
  It's really, there's very funny moments, but it's not a good time.
  No.
  I loved it.
  It was maybe my favorite movie of the year.
  It came out 2017 or whatever, but I haven't seen it since.
  Yeah.
  Not when you're at dying to revisit.
  I did watch this part of this horrible part for this and it is, it's great.
  I got curious why the Safdies were interested in shooting there.
  If it was part of their upbringing and apparently Josh Safdie,  the adventure land is the first place that he ever saw bloodshed.
  You saw like dumb teenagers get into a really bad fight and blood splattered on the ground.
  Jesus.
  Wow.
  So he'd never seen just blood hit pavement or anything in his life and it was there.
  So just the trashiness of it.
  Oh, well.
  It hit him.
  Simultaneously Adventureland was used in, I don't know what this is,  Sherian Lolley's Diddy Doodle Work song, Bunky Lou.
  So same place, same filming location.
  I think if you keep reading, I read that same article, it explains that in that  Shinky puts PCP all over Dipsy Doo and they have a meltdown.
  Yeah, so it's a children's thing.
  Kind of a ripoff or an homage.
  We haven't had a chance to talk to the creators.
  Yeah.
  So.
  They can shoot other types of scenes there.
  Be creative, guys.
  I'm assuming that's also what the scenes from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and successor  were like.
  Yeah, that's a pretty big like filming notable aspect of Adventureland too.
  It's the first episode of Succession and that it's one of the play.
  I think they've also filmed A Great Adventure, but it's one of the places that has represented  the Waystar Royco.
  Oh, right.
  Because Cousin Greg is like a mascot.
  That's where that happens.
  Yeah, he worked before he climbs up to be one of the immediately to be one of the six most  important people in the company.
  He is super stoned in a mascot costume and throws up out of the mouth of the costume.
  Yes.
  And is fired within.
  Kids.
  And yeah, that's where that happens and steals a child's highlight playset.
  Oh, shit.
  Cousin Greg has been fucking me from the jump off.
  I knew it.
  He plays a character in that named Dodrick Dog.
  That's the who's that's the mascot mascot.
  And then in another episode, I think Kieran Culkin has to dress up as Dirk Turkey.
  Dirk Turkey is I'm going to use that name in something like John Gaber's as Dirk Turkey.
  Like that's so wrong.
  They do a very good job, I think, in that show of creating not just you can really tell.
  And there's probably a whole episode we could get out of viewing the viewing the Succession  universe from the theme park perspective.
  But it's so clear that that that awful corporate umbrella owns not a Disneyland, not a Universal  Studios, but a Six Flags.
  Right.
  This is so clearly with like bargain bin IP and it's weird and dirty and unpleasant.
  It's like they've they've perfect their milking like blood from the stone of, you know,  it's like we're not trying to make a lot of money.
  We're just ripping off like, you know, get a thousand of these bullshit like sweatshop  versions of theme parks.
  With constant turnover, we never have to pay anyone well.
  No one will ever work at this park.
  Yeah, no one's going to ever really love it either, but no one's ever good.
  People are still going to go because it's a fucking, you know, oasis in a dry desert.
  Sure.
  Yeah, we will always put them in somewhere kind of boring.
  Not a lot to do.
  What else are you going to do?  They're called Bright Star parks, I believe.
  I think so.
  Not going to Bright Star.
  What the fuck else are you going to do?  That's the tagline.
  Kendall's I'm sorry, Logan's.
  I just created like just put fucking the tagline.
  I don't give a shit.
  Grow a pair.
  Yeah, the show.
  Can we get a hold of the succession show Bible, but just the chapters about  different company structures?  Oh, yes, please.
  We don't need the character back.
  We're around.
  We just want the corporate structure of Waystar Royco.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  I want to read the annual report and the profit margins of their crappy theme.
  I can't wait to like, all right, guys, spoilers for the upcoming season of succession,  but it looks like they start turning a profit on the European Bright Star park.
  It's like, what?  How is that a spoiler?  Are you guys watching the show?  This is what you're taking from it.
  You're a bright star.
  There's one other good similar nonsense to what you read, Jason, in terms of things that  have filmed there.
  This is in the Wikipedia that an advertisement for Daniel Keemstar Keem's cotton candy G fuel  flavor filmed at Adventureland.
  Yeah, Keemstar, of course, one of the streamer video game streamer who just now has like  millions of followers on social media and everything.
  He's one of those dudes who's become just like an advertising.
  Like he's like an advertising.
  They become like advertising companies.
  What agency?  That's the word I'm looking for.
  Advertising.
  They just become advertising agencies where it's like products come to me.
  I make an ad for it.
  Whether that ad is just me going, I love blank or, you know, here's my cotton candy G fuel.
  Just on his own accounts, just post the most insane thought that comes into his head.
  We'll just tweet it out.
  Oh, yeah.
  I think I saw him getting roasted for some, you know, like a lot of these guys like to  wade in on like gender conversation.
  Yeah, the current events.
  Their geopolitical view is not the most.
  I have good opinions and I don't put them out there.
  Learn from me, Keem.
  You said something about the Safdie brothers, Josh seeing blood shed there for the first  time, and I thought this would also be sort of antithetical to your theme park experience.
  But like street fairs, Adventureland and the Strawberry Festival, which was like a kind  of street fair that came through one weekend in the summer street, the other, the Belmore  Street Fair came in one weekend during the, you know, jumped around for every weekend  around Long Island.
  But we would go to fight like it would be like you would go like the kids from want to high  school are going to be there or, you know, like another high school was going to be there.
  And you know, one one of your friends had beef with one kid from Calhoun or whatever.
  And it was just like, all right.
  And then you would have like an 11 on 11 scrum or a fight.
  I've been in like a handful of fistfights that were with the backdrop was the fucking  zipper.
  Wait, it's like, well, it's like it's a setting in like a street fighter type.
  Yeah.
  Do you go to these places because like, hey, it'll look cool in the background.
  It does start to feel like outsiders or a West Side story when you think about it.
  It's like we're heading to the street fair.
  Gonna be a rumble.
  Would you say 11 on 11?  Yeah, it would be like, you know, it would never it would always either be one on one  between two kids that got bad and everyone joined in or it would be a sort of a big scuffle.
  And arguably maybe no one really wanted to fight.
  You know what I mean?  It was like kind of like, well, we just got to get together.
  It was like Rams, butting horns, you know, where it's like, it's mostly for practice,  really.
  It felt like just instead a thing to do instead of jerking off, you know, just to get aggression  out.
  It's like, let's just go wrestle kids from another school.
  Like the first year you can go to the street fair or strawberry festival without your parents  is the first year you throw a punch at a stranger.
  It's a long island ride of passage.
  You got got to go with your mom until you're like 12 or 13.
  Then once you're 12 or 13, you go with your friends.
  Then you start fucking whipping the fucking, you know, shooting the guy with the water  pistol instead of the clown's mouth.
  You just start to become a fucking feral park.
  The closest thing I have to that is going to a different set of kids.
  Backyard Wrestling Federation.
  Challenging them.
  Yeah, like a different, yeah, different fake, like fake fighting with different people.
  Really know the rules.
  You don't like so explicitly, you know, the boundaries kind of.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  They might be wild cards there.
  Yeah, I did.
  I did some backyard wrestling and really.
  Yeah, I was a character named Aquarius.
  Okay.
  I came out to dawning of the age of Aquarius.
  Heal or face.
  I was sort of a Val Venus, like a fat Val Venus.
  Like I was like sexy.
  I was I would do it in like an aqua colored speedo that I had.
  And I was like a fat little kid, like, you know, fat high school kids.
  Scott Val Venus was a porn star gimmick.
  Oh, I see.
  In case.
  Okay.
  Oh, who had in a very problematic scene had his penis chopped off in like 1998.
  But then they didn't reference it the next week.
  He was seemed to be fine.
  I couldn't believe that they had a character named Val Venus and his thing was his schlong.
  Yeah.
  Yikes.
  Wow.
  And don't look up Val Venus's Twitter for for good opinions either.
  I'll tell you that.
  Oh, is he a 50 year old wrestler?  So he's either dead or bad thoughts.
  Was at January six, potentially on the table.
  This is I think everybody, all the like backyard wrestlers from high school who now have podcasts.
  It's time to like bring the personas back.
  You mean to wrestle again.
  Yeah.
  And we want to like bring the because who were you?  Did you have a or were you just you?  I was fat Carlson.
  P H A T.
  And I thought I was I was like a heel.
  I was cocky.
  Like I was cool, but I was not cool.
  And my promo ability was very poor.
  I I don't see it.
  You believe it or not?  Believe it or not.
  I can't believe that the confident the confident heel persona of a 16 year old me.
  Maybe not up there yet.
  But yeah, I came I came I I developed some better personas when I was doing UCBW on in New York, UCB.
  Yeah, we used to do like a running content.
  Charlie Todd used to run like a running continuity wrestling league that would wrestle on the break in cage match.
  But you would do a promo before.
  Wrestle on the break and then whoever because he would have like a running storyline and then quarterly paper views at midnight, Saturday at midnight.
  It would be UCBW only show.
  It would be like eight cards or whatever.
  It'd be so long and dumb.
  Who is this for?  No real athletes doing it.
  Like five people who had any physical strength.
  I did a few of these out here, but they never got it going like it was in New York.
  I think it ran for like five years.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And New York was hard core time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If I was in New York and younger, that would have been.
  Yeah, now I would not be excited to do that.
  Although my buddy just my news, my buddy does news in Wisconsin, local news in Wisconsin, just had a match at a big show for like a celebrity thing.
  And I'm very jealous and upset.
  Got to come in as a celebrity because he's a news.
  Yes.
  And he got the pin.
  He beat Kevin Thorne.
  He pinned Kevin Thorne, ex WWE guy and teamed with Austin and Colton Gunn from the Billy Gunn from the New Age Outlaws Sons.
  Oh, sick.
  And I'm like so jealous.
  Oh, that's.
  With rage.
  I'm jealous.
  I mean, I know it's its own art form and people take it super seriously, but it's something I've always thought about.
  Like, I would enjoy this.
  Like, you know what I mean?  Like I could fall back on being a 48 year old wrestler.
  Every three weeks.
  Looking for an excuse to kill my wife and kid.
  Every.
  Every.
  I know where there's a wrestling ring 10 minutes from here right now.
  And every like couple of weeks of my buddy and I are just like, we could still train.
  We could do some falls and shit.
  We could still do it.
  Power plan.
  I don't want to put you on the spot, but I would kind of be curious about if you could bring the energy of a 16 year old fat Carlson and do any sort of challenge.
  I don't know the lingo, but if you were going to like.
  Cut a problem.
  Yeah, against what was your name?  Aquarius.
  Aquarius.
  Oh, so you want to channel my 16 year old self how I would have delivered a heel promo to Aquarius.
  I like this.
  OK, I would be like Aquarius.
  What you thought you did last week, that was out of line.
  And I'm here to tell you that you should come out here and fight me now because I'm going to kick your ass.
  Like this is the level.
  Yeah, I would be like you got it Aquarius and for the record, I'm not gay.
  Because if I'm like 14 or 15, I'm pretty making sure everyone knows I'm not accurate.
  Yeah, it's 94.
  Maybe WWE is right to have writers.
  There's still a chance.
  I think maybe when I'm like 60, I'll stop having the fantasy that it's possible.
  Sure, I think that's fair.
  I mean, I do some mouth of the South stuff like I would love.
  You know, I would do a little management like a little, you know, sneak the chair in if I have to or whatever.
  Mitch and Weiger on Doughboy's had Excalibur who just called her commentary for or he just,  excuse me, play by play for AEW and Mitch tried to get it.
  He goes, you know, what about the Doughboys in AEW?  And Excalibur went up.
  In what capacity?  It's a great question.
  And you're mentioning Excalibur now and I'm aware who he is solely because of you.
  Yeah, got me turned on to PWG.
  Which I refreshed my love of wrestling because it's been out since WCW and WO on Nintendo 64.
  Sure.
  Came back hard for fucking PWG.
  Yeah, it's the greatest.
  Am I making up, did anybody stumble upon a fact that Adventureland is in a video game?  It's in the King of Fighters 97.
  Yeah, the SNK game.
  Well, I stopped myself from going down the rabbit hole because SNK was the company  that did the modular arcade cabinets.
  So the arcade cabinets that would have four different games that you could pick from.
  Not Neo Geo, but SNK.
  No, SNK made the Neo Geo system.
  I think I stopped myself from watching like hours long YouTube videos about like  the corporate structure of SNK.
  But yeah, Adventureland is a stage in King of Fighters 97.
  Wow, wow.
  That's awesome.
  I didn't even know that.
  I didn't even know that I say like I'm an expert on Adventureland.
  I didn't even know that and I grew up near it.
  That's the real answer.
  Very fucked up there several times.
  If King of Fighters had like a creative character, you could recreate your brawls from the old days.
  Shit, that'd be wild.
  Put myself in a fucking.
  The funny thing is that I dressed exactly the same in high school, like shorts and Hawaiian shirts  and like dumb hats.
  I'm like, oh, I'm 40 and dressed the same way.
  Okay, here's I want to bring up a specific attraction thing.
  I want to make sure I hit it because like,  Gavis, you were saying that how the there's not that thing that's like old and special,  but there's something that might be a little close and it was restored based off of audience demand.
  Do you have any memory of a haunted tree, a talking tree outside of her?  There's been several.
  I don't know what the scary ride was when they shot Good Time,  but at some point in time it was called 1313 Cemetery Way.
  Oh shit, that's awesome.
  There was a scary tree outside of it.
  I remember like and if I might be wrong, but like it's a face on the side of the trunk,  like built into the tree.
  I remember that image and like it's mouth moved or whatever.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I remember that image.
  I'm going to play a video.
  This is going to sound pretty terrible, but you need to get the tone of the guy of the tree.
  Who it's it's like because it's pretty demonic.
  It's pretty from hell.
  And there's also this is a back and forth between a scary tree who is I don't know if you could see  this probably a lot of glare.
  It is a very disturbing tree.
  I feel and then a and then an owl in its branches.
  And let me play this.
  Wow, that what was just said was I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
  What's wrong with the little fun in the dark adventure land?  And I forget the other exchange.
  My idea of fun is not being chased by a man with a chainsaw is what the owl says.
  And then the tree says something about how he doesn't like chainsaws either.
  I had a close shave with one.
  And this is like this video is only 46 seconds.
  And I think that's the entire spiel.
  And it seems like this plays with that level of speaker tinniness all day, every day.
  I got a sense that if you worked there, this spiel drove you absolutely out of your mind.
  Yeah, you would carve it on the wall of your padded room.
  Carve that phrase in there.
  You're cut it off like bark.
  That is a time where the distortion and the click clacking add to the fear.
  That's by the way better than anything in a Six Flags.
  Yeah, you're right in terms of immersion character.
  That's actually cool.
  We talked about getting to this this Halloween season,  but just since we're talking about a scary tree, I want to call this out.
  We talked about this a while back.
  This Halloween, this haunt cast the fright season, I would like to do an episode about  scary trees.
  There's a lot of scary trees out there.
  Not all of them are supposed to be scary.
  I'm a little scared of the Rainforest Cafe tree.
  I'm scared of the what's the toy store?  Is it FAO Schwartz?  There were trees in the McDonaldland universe, apple pie tree.
  I don't like any of these and I would like to figure it out and see if other people are  freaked out by tree faces as I am.
  There's a there's a bosomy tree in the movie, the last unicorn.
  That's kind of scary.
  You know what I'm talking about?  You hear me.
  You hear what I'm saying?  Weirdly enough, if it had bosoms in it before 1994, I remembered it.
  You would have posted that tree in your wall in college.
  On Action Boys, we watch classic action movies from 70s, 80s and 90s.
  And I'll throw a movie.
  Well, you know, the movie of the week will be whatever.
  I'll put it on and be like, I've watched so many movies on TNT or HBO over the years as a kid.
  I'm like, oh, I think I've and especially like a Chuck Norris movie.
  They all kind of blend together.
  So you're like, I don't know if I've but then every once in a while you're like,  have I seen this movie before?  An example was like we were watching The Howling and I was like,  I don't think I've ever seen this movie.
  Feels familiar.
  And then there's a scene where like a woman takes her shirt off by a campfire.
  I'm like, oh, yeah, I've seen this.
  I have this in my head.
  Of course, this is still there because I watch this at the most like sexual developing time of my life.
  Yeah, I humiliated a roommate in college because a girl came in and I don't know what.
  I guess I was being a real asshole because she goes, what's this movie?  Fair game.
  And I go, oh, yeah, he's got that Cassini Crawford is topless for like two seconds in it.
  Like, I know exactly what the movie fair game is.
  And I just sold this guy out.
  Although she should be like, you know that too, you asshole.
  Did you know that that the book that that movie is an adaptation of is also adapted  into the movie Cobra with Sylvester Stallone, which is nowhere near the same plot or anything?  Wow.
  One book.
  Technically, there's two different ways.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  That's crazy.
  Wow.
  I think I have all those specifics right.
  Did you know that Cindy Crawford's husband, Randy Gerber, owns the Casa Migos tequila?  And there was a story where George Clooney gave everybody, all the investors in the company,  a million dollars in briefcases and said, here, now you're all whole.
  This is a story that has come up on the podcast.
  With 29.
  A lot of times.
  It's a hard guess.
  He gave like a million dollars to nine of his friends.
  Randy didn't do that.
  Randy Gerber, Cindy Crawford's husband, didn't do that.
  That was George.
  That was George.
  And he paid the taxes for everyone.
  And the love with which you say that, Jason, I do think that's the root of it.
  This is your dream is that this happens to you.
  Jason wants me to give him a million dollar briefcase.
  So bad.
  This has been as soon as he met me.
  Any person he's ever made friends with, he's dreaming of them handing him a briefcase  full of free money.
  Yeah.
  Well, relieve yourself of dreaming of me doing that.
  I'm not a real money person.
  I'm definitely not a briefcase person for sure.
  Definitely an old duffel bag.
  And you have to pay taxes on whatever's inside.
  Yeah.
  You gotta pay taxes on my 1099.
  I'm in over my head, Sherrod, and you've got to help me.
  Patreon does not help you out on that.
  Please, no.
  No guidance whatsoever.
  No Clooneys are they.
  Uh, is, is George Clooney like weirdly immune to like the Hollywood criticism of even the  elite liberals?  Like he's sort of like so magnanimous and backs up his acting talent and he's not very  out there doing a lot of shit either.
  So he, I think he like threads a very good needle.
  Yeah.
  With these stories.
  Well, these are like, it's a good PR story too.
  Cause you hear and Jason is just like imagining it.
  I reiterate George Clooney PR stories sometimes too.
  Here's one that I've heard that I read a new story.
  Yeah.
  Could be.
  We have some people here with computers, maybe fact check me after the fact, but I had heard  that he uses his, he does those Nespresso ads to take that money and use it directly to hire  drone surveillance of like a war criminal somewhere.
  I've heard this too.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Good.
  Good.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  This is a good story, but it doesn't involve Randy Gerber.
  Yeah.
  I know.
  And kind of whack and that's Cindy Crawford's husband.
  Yeah.
  So Cindy Crawford who shows like the side of her nipple for a split second and fair game  in the train.
  I was wondering, cause you didn't say immediately what I was talking about, but I knew you knew.
  I knew you knew.
  Before Howie Long comes in to, oh yeah, it's broken arrow.
  Let's train with the screen.
  That's where the screen comes from.
  I know that.
  That's that crazy yell he does.
  I think right.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  There's a crazy yell.
  It's like, yeah.
  That is how that's how we long from that movie.
  I believe like the Wilhelm scream.
  It's similar.
  The long scream.
  We've talked about this before.
  I was looking for it and trying to figure it out.
  Is that the Wilhelm scream?  And I came across the Google results on the website, not the Wilhelm scream.
  I call them everybody has to clarify that.
  No, no, no.
  It's the Urog, which you'll hear in a lot of like haunted house, six flag, fright fest kind of ads.
  One of those screens is present in Adventureland, the current  haunted house from like a few years ago, new in the last couple of years.
  The mystery mansion is mostly animatronics popping out and screaming at you.
  They're not a lot of story, but it is a suspended haunted house where the track is above you.
  You can see the cars here with the mascot for Adventureland, Alfie Adventureland.
  I love the fucking superhero look.
  It's like we got to get kids in here.
  It's got to be superheroes.
  He does have like a weird 50s.
  He has like a pompadour again, an official symbol of Long Island.
  Our superheroes use hair gel here.
  Of course.
  He looks like a clip art, a piece of clip art here.
  He really does.
  It's not a ton.
  Colored him in on a menu at a non chain restaurant.
  Yes, he does.
  Well, do we love Alfie?  Do we love him in spite of the way he's drawn?  Do we love him?  I like the fact that he's kind of like original.
  Even though he's just a blank ass superhero.
  I do like original IP theme, which they have with the tree.
  This is a small theme park to have two pieces of original IP.
  That's true.
  I looked up the food options at this park too.
  There's a food court called Three Generations Food Court.
  There is a restaurant that is just labeled restaurant, which is very funny.
  Then there's a place called Tony's Tavern, which is just a stand.
  And Gabris, I don't want to speak ill of this place.
  Tony's Tavern either is the most guarded place in Long Island  or the least guarded place in Long Island.
  But their options are beer, White Claw, or spiked Arnold Palmer.
  Oh, that is Long Island, dude.
  Holy shit.
  That's so funny.
  I didn't a guy named Tony buy it because I remember when it got bought  in the late 90s or at some point in the 2000s, a dude named Tony bought Adventureland.
  Or one of the investors was named something.
  I remember roasting the idea of, of course, a guy named Tony owns Adventureland.
  I would believe it.
  It's changed hands a few times now, but it's still owned locally, I think.
  You guys have inspired me and maybe we can do a follow-up episode  or I could do some correspondent shit.
  When I go back east eventually, when it's safe to travel again,  I have two nephews now that are six and three.
  They're not old enough enough, but it would be a good cover to get to go to Adventureland.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  I could take you like, hey, Uncle John's going to take you to Adventureland.
  Let's go check it out.
  He's like, hold this boom mic for Uncle John while he's got it.
  Are you familiar with podcast the ride?  No?  Okay, hold on.
  Let me just go.
  Adventureland is this little wall of big postcards from other  amusement parks around the country and that's pretty cool.
  It's almost like the park road a postcard.
  Really?  I just saw that real quick in a YouTube video.
  That's really funny.
  I think another ride I remember being cool was Bumper Boats.
  And I don't know if that's a bit.
.
.
  I haven't seen that in a lot of like.
.
.
  Because I guess most of my rides growing up were for traveling things  and I guess Bumper Boats travel not as well as Gravitron or whatever.
  But I remember Bumper Boats being really cool and kind of scary to get in and out of.
  Like, you know, it was kind of like, all right, drive it up over here by the wall.
  And like a teen is going to pull you out or whatever.
  You know, it's kind of like you stand and it's like wobbly and the water is like  that fucking Lisa Simpson like itchiness.
  Water, yeah.
  Lisa and the 30, yeah.
  I'll say on the current map of Adventureland, they are labeled rescue boats.
  So you know what you're getting in for.
  Oh my God.
  Wait, hold on.
  I think I also remember the boats maybe possibly had water guns on them.
  Oh, like that you could like, you had like operated like a 50 cal kind of.
  Yeah, I've seen those.
  Water off of it at other people, if I remember correctly.
  Yeah, like other boats but off the ride even.
  That's really cool.
  That's more satisfying than like bumping boats.
  Yeah, because boats are slow.
  You can't get that much speed.
  And I was always oversized, you know, for my age.
  So like I was always in the slowest thing.
  My bumper boat was always like water was coming over the side and shit.
  Like everything was just always like an extra difficult thing for me of like,  oh, well, I can't get the bar.
  Let's push the bar down.
  Anything else you remember in the ride department?  I feel like I don't know a lot of the specific rides.
  Yeah, I remember Pirate.
  I remember the sort of like Richard Scary Apple Ferris Wheel type thing.
  Okay.
  I remember Games.
  Like Games was big because like that felt like when you were the age that rides felt corny  when they weren't like scary rides.
  Right.
  Now I can have a nostalgia for being like, and I'm assuming you guys understand.
  I think I'm talking in the right place here.
  Go ahead.
  Now I can go on a ride that's cheesy and bad and love it because it's not a fucking Marvel movie  or whatever, you know what I mean?  And just be like, this is so crazy.
  Someone built this with their hands.
  This is great.
  This has been around for 50 years.
  But when I was a kid, the second it wasn't scary anymore, it was like whack.
  But Games was like gambling in a way.
  You know what I mean?  And that was fun of like, what can we come home with?  What can we leave with felt like a big thing.
  I remember the shift in like, my money is for Games, not for ride tickets.
  I remember at one point where it was like, and maybe it was sort of like  aging up a little when wanting to seem cool.
  Not wanting to be like cheering on a ride because there were other 15,  16 year olds around or something.
  I remember distinctly a shift to like, the Games are really what I do.
  I play the hoop game.
  They're all kind of sports actually.
  You know, I'm not like.
  That's like when you're like 11 at Chuck E.
 Cheese and you're like, I don't do the little  ride you go on anymore.
  I'm just playing Skeeball because I'm coming home with something.
  I'm taking that toaster oven home.
  I just need 2200 tickets to get the toaster oven.
  I just need $1100 from my mom to get that many tickets.
  Yeah, Dad, I know that if I wanted a yo-yo, you could just buy it for way cheaper than  the amount of quarters you gave me here at this Nathan's, but just shut the fuck up  and give me the money.
  So distinct that memory of like Jesus Christ, John, that I'll just buy you a fucking toy.
  I didn't earn it with play.
  On the games front, did you ever go to a place?  It looks like it's seven minutes down the road, a place called Fun Zone.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Fun Zone had laser tag, if I remember correctly.
  Yeah.
  So Fun Zone ruled.
  Fun Zone was like a birthday party.
  Destiny kids would have their birthday parties there in my town.
  I had.
  I wish I can remember the name of it.
  Fuck.
  It'll come to me.
  But we had in my town, we had a, one of those rented for three hours for a birthday party  and it has 10 arcade games in it, you know, like, and it was like the cheaper version  because it was like the townie version.
  It wasn't Fun Zone a with TM and commercials.
  It was, yeah, I went to like a 10 arcade cabinets in like a conference room and they served  pizza and cake there.
  And it was the best because a free arcade at the time, even though you had a free arcade  just still felt like, like it felt like free arcade is to a teen as open bar is to a 20  something.
  Oh yeah.
  That's perfect.
  Like where it's just like, Oh, I don't like, even when you're in your twenties, you're  like, I don't want to drink at all today.
  I feel like shit, but I don't want, I'm not going to have to pay for drinks at this party.
  So I'm going to get absolutely blasted or whatever.
  Oh, it's a wrap party for the job.
  I'm a PA for hell.
  Yeah.
  Open bar.
  I'm going to fucking scream in the executive producers face.
  A great equalizer.
  The wrap party.
  When you're a PA, it's like, we all eat the same reheated catering bullshit food right  now.
  I'll tell you what.
  It's very funny.
  You say that because the wrap party is a great equalizer, especially when I was first coming  up because I was a PA who was in his early twenties, super confident, cocky, annoying  class clown energy.
  And so I was kind of and a party animal and I had been drinking for 10 years, even though  I'm only 20, only 22 at this point.
  So the nerds who are like segment producers and writers on these shows, I'm working on  them like at the wrap party.
  I'm like, you fucking bitch.
  Let's do another shot of soco line.
  I'm like the alpha at the MTV networks party, which was like the big annual party that you  had to and they were such scumbags about everything at Viacom.
  Surprise.
  You had to work 40 weeks or 46 weeks out of the year or something crazy like that as a  freelancer to be invited to the holiday party.
  They checked your how much you worked because someone might get a 20 week gig and then a  10 week gig in the same year and then they don't get invited to the.
  So it was a huge deal.
  It was at the Hammerstein ballroom.
  Everyone is there from like like sway is there.
  Sumner Redstone is there.
  You know what I mean?  So even the PAs from best week ever are there, which is what I was.
  So yeah, that's weirdly enough.
  Paul Scheer was my level two improv teacher and I was transcribing his take on the bachelor.
  Wow.
  That's probably the first thing.
  It's the first thing I ever saw him on.
  Yeah.
  I think you're right.
  Yeah, that must have been because an all all.
  Now people who are like my peers were were people like Donna and Danielle.
  Hubel, Riggle, like all these people that I would eventually work with where  I was transcribing all their jokes.
  But Hammerstein ballroom, huge fucking party.
  Everyone's there.
  My supervising producer at best week ever, a dude who had written on Bill Maher before  he came to best week ever.
  So he had a WGA job when everyone else was sort of non-union pseudo writer segment producer jobs.
  And so he came in and was such an alpha asshole and he was kind of like the right hand man to the  whole EP of best week ever, whose name was Fred Graver.
  He was quite a dick to me.
  So I'm I'm not going to let the right hand guy, the right hand guy I've since worked with  and we've gotten our over it.
  But he we we were at the party and no one liked me on the production, not like the comedy  because I was and I think it was in hindsight and this is such maybe a rewriting of history.
  I was funnier than the people who did the comedy for best week ever, not the panelists,  but the writers and segment producers would be like would be like this.
  Actually, this is a really funny joke.
  I got to get so and so to say this joke.
  I'm like, let the fucking person just say whatever they want.
  Doug Benson, shut the fuck up.
  You know, so they wrote the interstitial like the setups.
  Yeah, they would write the setups.
  Just can you do one the way you say something and they would try like pitch a joke.
  They were proud that they wrote is bad.
  And I think they hated me because I was like confident and funny,  but I was supposed to be the lowest man on the totem pole.
  Long story short, this guy, the right hand guy, he fucking at the holiday party were all in a big  circle.
  Everyone from best week ever, all the behind the scenes people,  someone bumps into him.
  He turns around, thinks it's me, walks up to me and I don't know this is happening.
  He comes up to me.
  He's like, Gabris.
  And I'm like, what up, man?  And he takes my pants and pours a cup of like ice like or whatever is left of his like Jack and Coke  into my pants.
  And I just look at him and I grab him by his collar, raise my fist, punch him once in the head  and go to punch him again.
  And like everyone, like all my co our coworkers, grab me and pull me off of him.
  He's like, what the fuck, man?  What the fuck, man?  You can't just swing on people.
  I'm like, yeah, that's what I do if someone does this to me.
  And I'm like so worked up.
  And I realized again, like we discussed several times in this podcast, that's when I realized I  was different than the other.
  Like I was raised differently than everyone else is like, you know, I've been working in TV  production for four years and I'm like, I'm 23 ready to fist fight anyone who challenges  my alpha dim from the streets of adventure land.
  I trained in adventure land.
  My Sifu is an old tree.
  But I fucking but the Hammerstein ballroom thing was always just the biggest bash of the year.
  Like and you and your executive producer who was like a 40 year old woman who was beautiful.
  And like now I know would be a friend of mine, like a beautiful, interesting woman who's very  into music and she's like married with a kid.
  But now she's like, take your fucking shirt off.
  Like at the party, you know, like everyone is just like it's flipped where you're like this  place rules because it's like if you're 40 and still working at Viacom, you have a certain like  it has like that comedy energy to it.
  That is a legendary ECW venue.
  The Hammerstein ballroom.
  Oh, she had same bloodshed were spilled there.
  There's something about it.
  Taz, Rob Van Dyck, there are crazy shit went down in that place.
  A friend of mine got thrown out for jumping off the balcony at the party.
  It's like 20 feet in the air.
  It was so loud.
  That's what New Jack did.
  Yeah, that's the only reason I know about the Hammerstein.
  But I was like, well, that seems like normal behavior for the Hammerstein ballroom.
  Dudes jumped off that balcony all the time.
  It's a huge balcony.
  How I think that's awesome.
  You threw a punch in the Hammerstein ballroom.
  Wow.
  And hallowed halls.
  Yeah, that's awesome.
  What's the place?  So impressed.
  Oh, my God.
  My forefathers before me.
  Yeah.
  Before we wrap it up, listen, people have other stuff.
  I got one thing real quick, and I think this might be new because it looks new.
  But one of my favorite of the attractions is just called Sports Tower.
  Oh, that's so funny.
  Yeah, that's and it's just excuse me.
  It's just I'm getting the Wi-Fi here.
  So it just looks like this and it goes up and down.
  It's just a bunch of every type of sports.
  Oh, so you're just like in a ball that goes up and down.
  Yeah, it's like so like it's like you it's like what you sit in is half of the ball  and then a giant ball is above you.
  So you're a soccer ball above you and then half a soccer ball you sit in.
  So it's kind of kind of like a hot air balloon.
  Exactly.
  And it's like yeah, Sports Tower is what it's called.
  That's awesome.
  That's like where you get vanished to like as punishment.
  Send them to Sports Tower.
  So no baseball.
  No film it.
  Show his family.
  I'm afraid of the ball.
  Show his worst uncle him at bat.
  I tried pitching one in second grade and the coach pulled me out after one inning.
  It ruined me.
  It did.
  It ruined me.
  Along the lines of Sports Tower.
  I want to ask you guys something.
  Do you guys have like a feverish because I love there's a million rides and a million parks that  go up and down or they swing back and forth or they spin.
  But I love the little flair that each one gets of like the Sports Tower.
  There's probably one where it's Dumbo Elf.
  It's probably one where it's parachutes where and I love the example I always use  that I my version of that that I love is slot machine branding because I'm a big  Vegas and casino guy.
  So for me when I go I love finding like Arctic Wolf, you know, and it's just like the wolf ones  are crazy.
  Yes, it's like Montezuma's belief and it's like a pharaoh and like money behind you.
  I don't know what any of this means.
  So many pharaoh ones.
  The gem.
  Yeah, exactly.
  As a fantasy had a lot of them are fantasy adjacent to like you said, wisdom of the gem  or like unicorns dreams, you know, and I like love is there do you guys have that with like  some of these as you see theme parks?  It's like every theme park has the thing that shoots water and you feel a clown's mouth,  but they, you know, what is the mild other spin that they put on it?  But you fill a pharaoh's mouth with water.
  Yeah, I love because I love that where it's like this is the same game as that,  but people are choosing this because it's called majestic Buffalo or whatever.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh God, because all these rides are like this is a cheap like this is an all they call off  the shelf ride, which is like a basic ride.
  Any place can buy but just the fact that there's ball sports balls, which would you call them,  right?  Sports ball sports balls like that makes it so much better.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Weird lazy theme.
  Oh man.
  I mean, this is from the higher budget end, but one that comes to mind is how there's like a  there's a ride that just is like scary spins you up and down.
  Wow.
  Your way up here.
  Now your way down here and your face in the ground.
  It's like whipping you around on a big pole and the vehicle itself spins and it was in  a paramount park.
  So it used to have official branding and it was called Tomb Raider the ride,  but then they lost the paramount branding and they just had to call it the crypt.
  So it's like all got limited.
  There was a bunch of those like the Italian job.
  The ride became stunt coaster and now it's just like, like how can we still make it feel  like without having to like change a bunch?  Yeah.
  We're real IP.
  The laziness of the crypt.
  I like, I really enjoy that.
  It's like perfect.
  I like it's like Lenny Croft, the tomb divider, you know,  I really like, we were talking about Dumbo, the flying elephant recently and how many  carnivals and amusement parks just have an elephant ride.
  My favorite one.
  I didn't don't think we had time to get to this on the show, but they're at the lion  county safari park in Loxahatchee, Florida.
  So like in Florida, same state as Dumbo, they have bullwoggies flying adventure.
  Bullwoggy was an elephant that was born at this safari park and it is very clearly barely.
  It's a cartoon.
  It's just it's not a real recreation of bullwoggy over there.
  But it's just the Dumbo ride.
  It's just like less busy Dumbo ride and eventually bullwoggy  moved to a number of zoos and was at Disney's animal kingdom for a little while.
  I didn't realize elephants moved around so much.
  It's disheartening, man.
  Did they sign bullwoggy?  Huh?  They sign the elephant.
  Well, I think it's either for they move for medical treatment or to make more elephants.
  He went on a fucking cum run to Disney.
  Gotta go drop a few loads off, boys.
  Classic.
  Well, the other elephants are like cheering for him as he's walking like a guy who's getting  released from prison.
  Classic bullwoggy.
  Bullwoggy, man.
  Bullwoggy.
  Bullwoggy.
  It's like Alcatraz, they're clanging peanuts against their cage.
  You know, to me now, I can't wait.
  I'm inseminating right this second.
  Bullwoggy magic.
  Yeah, the Dumbo ride is a good one because you'll just see that like variations of that  everywhere.
  It's like a dragon that has like big ears and like along the trunk.
  And you're like, you just painted an elephant green and are trying to call this a dragon.
  And Disney's now going to sue them because it's like, well, most people are going to  walk by that and call it like Dumbo anyway.
  So it's just free marketing for them.
  Dumbo out of the conversation.
  And like Hatch-A-Tatchy Florida is not stealing Disney World's thunder at all, I don't think.
  Okay, let me get to this before we wind it down.
  This is something I should do more often with with Parks is look at Yelp reviews.
  Um, this, the Yelp review situation, uh, I mean, there's a lot of complaints about just,  I have to pay for the wristband myself, even though just the kids are going to go on the rides.
  So I guess to watch out for with the, with the nephews.
  But you know what you're getting into?  I'm like a huge stink.
  I look forward to embarrassing my nephews.
  I am a drunkenly argue with the guy about you.
  I'm not paying extra for nacho cheese.
  Just give it to me for a ticket to enter this place.
  That's weird, man.
  It's gated land.
  Private establishment.
  But the ticket and the bracelet caused this other melee that is, is one of the funnier things I've  seen on Yelp in a while.
  Let me try to condense this, uh, the best I can.
  Basically this person, uh, one mega paragraph, so many paragraphs, one star review.
  They're so angry.
  Um, and it starts with complaining that if you sometimes you have to wait in a long line  to even get the bracelet and to get into the park and there are no bathrooms on the outside  of the park.
  So you have to pay before you get to use a bathroom.
  And if you've done a long drive, if you've come in from the city, you got a lot of P loaded up.
  What are you going to do?  Well, you're going to be really weird and write a weird Yelp review.
  I gotta go piss in the, uh, target.
  Well, that'd be better than where they landed.
  So, uh, all right.
  You know, many people need to use the bathroom, but they won't let you in unless you pay.
  The management need portals for their customer portals.
  It's just the human thing to do.
  The staff told us to pee in the parking lot because we do not have a bracelet.
  We ended up peeing, uh, while a family and their kids walked around us.
  Like there's been a way to not be peeing next to the children straight onto the pavement.
  Does this guy know what plumbing hookups cost nowadays?  Hey, come on, buddy.
  Give me a portal.
  Oh no.
  I'm in, I'm in earth prime.
  I hope there's toilets here.
  And then this leap.
  Imagine if we end up getting in a video.
  I guess it's free advertisement for Adventureland.
  How humiliating for me and especially my wife.
  Reviews go on.
  Uh, the staff actually said to pee in the parking lot.
  Then he keeps saying shame, but he says Shane with an N instead multiple times.
  Urinating in the parking lot is illegal and disgusting.
  And then again, he brings and these reviews are months apart by the way.
  So these fixated on this specific idea.
  We hope nobody took a video of us when their staff wouldn't let us use the restroom after  traveling for hours.
  If anyone ended up taking a video of us urinating, especially with my wife in that position,  we are taking legal action against it.
  Holy shit.
  How does his wife piss?  What question?  What are we talking about?  That's how she's comfortable.
  Who taking video?  This sounds like someone took a video or he did and she's mad about it.
  And he's like, I think it was someone else at the park.
  And I got to get to the bottom of it.
  Remembering where I was, I couldn't have been filming you.
  There's a car antenna in the way.
  I think some weirdo put this straight on the porn hub.
  Tits out wife Adventureland piss vid.
  So this was interesting.
  And then I kept going.
  Let me keep looking at one stars.
  And then I landed at first of all, when me and my husband got to the park, we needed  to use the restroom very badly.
  There was a long line into the park and they said we couldn't go in without a wristband.
  I'm like, oh my God, this keeps happening.
  People keep not getting to pee until they get into the park.
  As I went on, I went, wait a minute.
  The first review was Jeff D.
  The next review is Andy.
  They're both from urinator.
  I think it's out here.
  I just started.
  And both accounts involve somebody like somebody named Bob, the manager, saying after their  third time at City Hall, all right, fine.
  What if I offer you dinner?  And their response is it's too late for dinner.
  I'm not hungry now.
  Like that poor Bob is trying to do something for me.
  Oh, man.
  No, I'm full.
  So then but her account adds another thing to the story.
  What did he want us to do?  Go in the parking lot.
  He shrugged his shoulders and suggested that that's what we do.
  We ran to a section behind a car where both my husband and I squatted to go pee.
  He squatted too?  Yeah.
  The husband also squatted.
  Who made you squat?  The manager didn't say you had to squat.
  Yeah, it's also funny that the manager's like, the other guy's like, they told us to pee in  the lot.
  Then her recollection is like, what do you want us to do?  Pee in the lot?  And he's like, OK.
  He's just like saying OK.
  And the husband's like, that guy, Bob's a sick fuck.
  I've got a video of my wife.
  Bob wants me to go squat and pee in front of all the children, in front of the prying  eyes of as many children as possible.
  That's what Bob's look conveyed to me.
  I got to say, though, I don't have an assumption of me being able to go to a bath, unless it's  like a restaurant where my table's not ready.
  You know what I mean?  If I'm waiting in line outside at a bar to get in college or a club that has a long line,  I wouldn't expect to be able to cut the entire line to urinate and then get back in line.
  No.
  That has never been allowed anywhere.
  It's unfortunate.
  It sucks.
  You have to kind of plan for that.
  It's like, I'm going to run across the street to the Carvel and get an ice cream cone and  pee in there.
  There's a target, a Starbucks, and a gas station.
  Going the same direction.
  You would have like going into a theme park and trying to pee is the same as if you were  like going to like if there was only a bathroom pass security in an airport.
  Right, right.
  It would be like, what?  It's going to be like, you know, a nine minute walk.
  I mean, at Adventureland, nine minutes takes you from one end to the other.
  But like in another theme park, you'd have to like walk all the way to the bathroom and  then like be escorted back out in line or cut the line and buy a bracelet because you're  pretending you have to urinate.
  There's no special treatment.
  The people in the line are going to be mad at you.
  There's humiliation either way.
  Yeah, it's Long Island.
  Just piss your pants, piss in the parking lot.
  No one's going to give a fuck.
  Is this like a piss scam?  Bob's got a fucking OnlyFans.
  He's like, oh, it's Bob's.
  You guys want a dinner?  I'm flossing with cash over here.
  If you're in Long Island, go to Adventureland.
  Do not go to Bobland.
  Yeah, Bobland is very fucked up.
  They have the Sprite bottle full of PCP, though, at Bobland.
  Really quick, there's a little more to the story of them.
  I was curious what their other reviews are like.
  And it's a ton of similarly unhinged one star reviews of like it's they seem to like go to  buffets in the New York area and get upset about different things.
  It's COVID.
  They the people, the customers in line weren't using masks or gloves.
  I'm like, hang on.
  We've been in this for nearly two years.
  I have never seen gloves as a suggestion in any establishment.
  Also, your gloves.
  You're taking your fucking life into your hands going into a buffet during the pandemic.
  I'm not judging you for doing it, but you can't go in there and be like, this is not COVID safe.
  That's not how it works.
  Unfortunately, I don't think it was safe before.
  Right.
  But my favorite review that we that I landed at was a poor review for a music tutor.
  And the winding path that this takes where it starts with music related concerns,  such as she rarely taught me any areas down to then through a lot of obscure music complaints,  she doesn't know how to teach the harmony.
  But then it gets into out of nowhere.
  She doesn't know how to drive.
  So many times she had me drive her around for free places like a wedding that we weren't invited to  where she made me and my husband sing without practice.
  What?  I'm confused.
  I was snuck in there and D or whatever your name is and M.
  Holy shit.
  I get complaining that your music teachers roped you into driving,  but I didn't know she wrote to driving her to a gig playing with her.
  That sounds good.
  That sounds like a dream come true.
  Yeah, that might be fun.
  Like rip the bandaid off situation.
  Look, you know, pressures on perform.
  Imagine you book a singer for your wedding and she comes with like two students who are  seethingly mad and are begging to use your bathroom and being like,  why the fuck would you let me piss in your wedding?  Do you have triple A my check engine light cable?  Stop looking at my wife while she squats in the fucking parking lot.
  You sickos.
  You fervor.
  She wants to squat and be in positions.
  Like me.
  This is how I piss.
  I tuck my dick between my legs.
  So the tip touches the concrete.
  My deepest squat and I just let it out.
  So there's no splash.
  What?  The art is.
  You know, lift us up where we they all start singing  after railing about the lack of bathrooms at the wedding.
  We need portals.
  This wedding has no portals.
  The arc this Yelp account has taken is more interesting than a number of short stories  I have read.
  Bye.
  George Saunders stories.
  Civil Warland in decline.
  And that's a theme park based.
  That is the park.
  It's about a Civil War theme park falling apart.
  Great story.
  One more thing really quick.
  The other complaint.
  The other complaint I think during these forced somehow without a gun in play drive to a  wedding and make you perform at a perform at the wedding on these drives.
  She talks about things like her boyfriend and their sex life.
  And once she talked about how she likes the beast and Rolf because they are hairy like  the men she likes.
  What's Rolf?  Rolf is from Muppets.
  Yeah, the dog.
  He's the piano player.
  And he's Hank McCoy.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Probably Beauty and the Beast.
  Or is it X-Men?  I don't know.
  Ron Perlman beast.
  Could be.
  Kelsey Grammer beast.
  Is it Nicklaus Old Beast?  I mean all of our dreams are Kelsey Grammer beast.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, drive me around perform at this wedding.
  Squad in the bathroom and listen to how I want to fuck Rolf the dog.
  So we're still waiting on the succession show Bible, but you have found the Requiem for a Dream show.
  Juice by Sarah.
  Juice by Sarah.
  It's really funny because I thought she was gonna be like, she makes me pick her up and drop her  off, which is kind of annoying as hiring a music teacher or whatever.
  And I'm thinking piano or guitar and I'm thinking it's for her kids.
  Right?  These are adults who want to be operatic type singers.
  Now imagine you and your wife taking opera lessons together at your house and then you have to like,  all right, let's both drive her to the wedding.
  If I'm her husband, I'll be like, look, please you've embarrassed me in front of Bob at Adventureland.
  Take this woman by yourself to the fucking theme park.
  Look, Gabris, you got out of Long Island your way.
  She's trying to get out there.
  And all the UCB is fucking closed in Manhattan.
  Yes handing isn't enough anymore, brother.
  I gotta sing arias with my husband unprepared at weddings.
  Anyway, this is one of the best pieces of literature.
  I know.
  Holy shit, please send a link.
  I'm thrilled with this, which for that I really have to thank you for bringing Adventureland,  the wonderful world of Adventureland, an episode full of punching and peeing  and blood splashing and fighting.
  Just like my child.
  You painted a picture of your life.
  John Gabris, you survived podcast The Ride.
  What a blast.
  Oh my God, so much fun.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Yes.
  I got a podcast called High and Mighty and I also have a podcast called Action Boys,  which is a Patreon podcast, but we got some free episodes out there.
  So wherever you're listening to this, just search for it and get a sniff, get hooked.
  And then every Monday night at 11 Eastern, 8 Pacific, I'm talking movies live on Spotify  Green Room and you can talk to me as well.
  It's complicated and an app that's kind of difficult to figure out, but I'm enjoying doing  it and I'd love to see some more people there.
  It's not easy to find, but what you do, hopefully you will never hear this blog.
  Hey, still less horrific than whatever Clubhouse is.
  Right, right.
  It's the same exact thing.
  I see.
  All right.
  Hey, and as for us, you can find us on the socials at Podcast The Ride.
  Merch is available in our Tee Public store and for three bonus episodes every month,  check out Podcast The Ride, the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  I can't promise that other episodes are as violent as this.
  I promise that they are not.
  I think you brought, I'm not sure.
  Maybe nobody but Mundy has talked about fighting on the show.
  This is generally the pool of the guests.
  Talk about a guy you see at a lot of auditions.
  Oh boy.
  All right.
  Thanks for listening everybody.
  See you.
  See you.
  Bye.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Sileo,  and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
