 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  We are new for 2022.
  We're back and what better way to kick it off than with some bullshit I found the other  day.
  I'm Scott Gardner and happy to be reunited with Jason Sheridan.
  Hi Jason.
  Hi Scott.
  Happy New Year and Happy New Year listeners.
  Omicron Winter, let's go.
  Let's get this shit started with what can only be described as an icy fever dream.
  Oh, it was a blast of a Christmas.
  It was so nostalgic.
  We're always so nostalgic for the 90s or maybe even the 2000s like today, but we're never  nostalgic for March 2020 and it was just great to be back indoors and scared and watching  depressing TV again.
  It's such a retro flashback.
  What'd you think Mike Carlson?  I'm here.
  Before we started recording today, I was like, you know what?  You probably shouldn't mention what's going on in the world.
  So this is an evergreen episode, but you know what?  Now it's out the window and guess what a time to be alive.
  Part three or four, whatever, however you want to count what's happening.
  We're going through it.
  So yeah, it's fun.
  Yeah, Scott was saying it's a fun retro vibe we've got going today.
  You know, the show, a lot of retro stuff on the show in general, but why does it have  to be 10 years, 20 years?  Why can't it be just maybe a year and a half or two?  It's you know, that's retro.
  Remember Jack Box game?  We're playing Jack Box games again.
  Do you remember quip lash?  You would say funny things and you would write diarrhea in the prompt and then everyone would  laugh.
  Watch along.
  So watch along.
  Watch a movie.
  Seconds behind your friends watching the movie, which you think won't be a noticeable difference  until it is very noticeable.
  We tried doing this.
  We watched, of course, Jay and Silent Bob return.
  What was it called?  Rebooted.
  Reboot.
  The Rej and Silent Bob reboot.
  We watched it all together a year and a half ago.
  And of course, one of the stars of that movie is featured today in the thing we're going  to be talking about.
  I don't think I know.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh.
  Yeah.
  OK, now I got it.
  I think cameo in the movie.
  I mean, he's not one of the main characters.
  I think I showed up at the very end and I don't remember if it was on purpose or not,  but I do remember clicking into the room.
  It was essentially credits and being a little like few.
  Yeah, you seemed upset at the idea.
  And then I think you like, yeah, begrudgingly showed up a little later and then you did  not see any of the film.
  But we tried to we tried to tell you what had happened and what was going on.
  What happened when you got to the first?  What happened?  Stopped the roadie.
  What happened to Holden?  What happened to all the characters that you remember?  You know, the waves of covid are kind of like the view of skewniverse coming back.
  Like you think it's done.
  We all pray that it's done.
  And then there's a new wave of getting back whatever the main clerk is.
  And it's like it never like it never left.
  There'll be yes, there'll be some drama between Brian O'Halleran and Kevin and then only come  back for three and he is coming back for three.
  Yeah, so I think that is that's coming out right.
  The clerks three.
  That is real.
  So, yeah, so there is another wave of there's another wave of covid.
  There's another wave of clerks that's happening right now.
  So we took we took for a moment classic rock talk off the table and then we're happily  bringing it back.
 I think that I honestly I think the audience should complain about  view of skewniverse talk.
  We haven't seen enough complaints about it.
  That's an interesting quote.
  Yeah, does the audience.
  I'll pose that to the audience.
  Is this enough skewniverse talk?  Are you happy with the amount?  Do you want more?  Do you want less?  I'm scared of the answer now.
  I don't.
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
  But I look Jason and I were very steeped in the skewniverse for many years when we were  children.
 I don't know about you, Scott, but we were we were hardcore in the skewniverse.
  So I'm wondering if the audience is like us because I do feel like if the audience is  listening to us, they maybe can feel some of the things we like and know.
  I think I think the audience definitely is like us, as most films are now operating under  view skewniverse shared universe rules.
  Well, that's a good point.
  That's true.
 He was he was ahead of the curve.
  Yeah, sure.
 On many things.
  One thing that I hope that the audience enjoys is talking about weird micro things that  happened on Twitter and that were kind of jokes of episodes that are in the process of  becoming real episodes, because that's what this is today.
  Here's what happened if you missed the buildup to this.
  Basically, well, just really very elemental.
  And I'll break I'll break down where I found it and everything.
  But I ran into a clip from an ice show from what I've now determined is two thousand five,  two thousand six.
 I'm not sure the exact year, but around then there was apparently  some kind of Disney ice show that culminates in or at least includes Mr.
  Incredible ripping the bars off of the Pirates of the Caribbean prison and unleashing the  prisoners.
 And I just came across this image and it was so striking.
  And I felt like I had to do a gif of it.
  And I just as a joke on Twitter said, hey, guys, would you sign off on doing an episode  about this? And though though there were some sets are related  diversions, there were some bombs.
  I admit.
 Yeah, we bought a bit of drop sets or bombs into the into the equation.
  Ultimately, we did agree to do this.
  And I part of why I thought, well, maybe we should actually do this is because the  tweet was responded to well.
  And I saw listeners responding, oh, my God, I went to that.
  It was so bizarre and confusing.
  And when I hear bizarre and confusing, I'm like, check, check.
  Seems like something we should do an episode about.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah.
  I mean, this is well past my regular Disney on Ice attendance.
  My family, my dad reminded me like, oh, yeah, we went to a number of Disney on Ice  shows because they were always in Philadelphia the week between Christmas  and New Year's.
 So, you know, when you look when the kids are out of school and  you're looking for something to occupy them with, that was a good like, oh, here's  a good family outing.
  I'm assuming they travel with multiple companies so they can pull that gimmick  in multiple cities.
  I was going to.
 Yeah, because all the dates that I'm seeing of when this was in L.
A.
  or exactly in that run.
  Yeah, maybe they try to cover that time as best as they can and as many places they  can.
 So you don't you because there's a broader thing to talk about here, I guess,  which is Disney on Ice shows, which we have not really discussed.
  So you are a seasoned attendee of Disney on Ice shows, or at least you were.
  Yeah, I mean, yeah, we would hit up the, you know, any of the Power Rangers live, of  course, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles coming out of their shells.
  There was a Rugrats tour.
  Sesame Street live.
  I'm sure we would have seen Sesame Street live.
  Yeah, we so we loved it.
  And I think a lot of those, too, they they book shows around like how long weekends  or or the holiday season.
  But yeah, Disney on Ice is something we haven't really touched upon.
  It's certainly not well documented compared to some of the other things we cover.
  Yeah, this would this one was tricky to find footage of.
  And I'd imagine a 90s one would be a lot more difficult because this this show was  running kind of at the exact advent of YouTube.
  So there's some sporadic weird clips, but still some holes I found.
  But yeah, do you remember anything specific from 90s shows or like what were they  pushing? Is this a Lion King one?  Is this a Beauty and the Beast?  I don't know what the hell is going on with Disney on Ice.
  Yeah, I I think when I would have seen it, it likely would have been, you know,  the gang, the big six, because that what they're called the big six.
  I call them that.
  Mickey Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey.
  There there is an intra company term of like the main one of like Mickey  Minnie, Donald Daisy, Goofy, Pluto.
  Like Kevin Smith's, who are Brody, James, Bob and Ben.
  See, Dante, Dante, Randall, Mooby, Mooby.
  Yeah, so I them and probably Little Mermaid and Aladdin,  maybe tail end of if they had rescuers skating around, you know.
  Oh, maybe.
  Hmm.
 Mike, any experience with these?  I think we went to one Disney on Ice and I don't remember.
  I remember going to Sesame Street Live and that being like the big thing that I  got excited, very excited for.
  And I remember even leaving baseball practice early to go to a Sesame Street  live once and being a little embarrassed that that was the reason.
  So I think we lied to the coach and didn't tell him that's why we were leaving  early.
 I think we said we had a family party or something, because I was already  self-conscious because I was maybe like first or second grade.
  And I was like, I know I'm a little too old for this, but we went to that's an  interesting addition to the story.
  Yeah.
 Still into Sesame Street.
  Yeah.
 And my sister was three years younger.
  So obviously, like right in her wheelhouse.
  But I still wanted to see it.
  I still want to see what was happening there.
  Yeah.
 But I think we went to Disney on Ice around that time or maybe a little later.
  I do remember and maybe this is a false memory, but I do remember like friend like  me and the show.
  So probably around that time.
  I don't remember being.
  Like so blown away by the show as a kid, I don't remember going, oh, wow, is that  amazing? We got to go every year.
  But I think I like to find these kind of things often end up like fine, like good  enough to justify the money, which I will say it seems like this stuff is never  that super expensive.
  They're like, I think they continue to price these things right.
  Well, and especially if you wait till the last minute, as we found out with Batman  Live, which we didn't go together, but we all I think probably bought like  discount tickets.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 We had the exact same experience, despite not going together,  where we got like the biggest plus up.
  We got moved like many, many rows down just because nobody was there, which seems  like the case with like every once in a while footage that I found of this  incredible show, it pans to the audience and there's no one, nobody there.
  So it might not be a failure of the show.
  I think they might just do a ton of them accounting for like, yeah, I don't know.
  It's going to be 25 to 30 percent full, but we'll stay there and do a bunch of  them.
 And it's easy.
  Yeah, I think Batman Live was running two shows a day.
  And we've talked about this, but Batman Live was like a live stunt show that they  did a couple of years ago.
  But I think also, if you're a big ice skating fan, that like I was not a big ice  skating fan.
 My sister did some ice skating when she was little and I'd have  to go to like those long like recital things where they would, they would  literally be like four hours and they had about 45 acts and you would have like,  I think you would have like a brochure that said how many acts there were.
  And I remember just like my sister was in one of them sitting watching like eight  year olds skate in a circle to music for like four hours.
  And I was a kid just feeling like, oh my God, how, what?  So I was not a big skating fan in general, but I was obviously a big Disney fan.
  But it did not leave a huge impression on me in the way a Sesame Street live did.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  One thing I kind of remember and was confirmed in this show is that the  characters are constantly waving at the audience.
  And even to the point I bring this up, like, yeah, these characters, Mickey  always waves to kids, always waves to the crowd.
  But to the point where it's like, aren't you are supposed to be in a theatrical  scene right now and you were still waving to the crowd.
  Like, I think the kids, I think the kids are good if you, if you take the 90  seconds to do this dialogue, this pre-recorded dialogue exchange, I think  you can take a break and also little ice skating, like little ice skating  flourishes too, where it's like, there's no one here.
  There's no one here in the line for the ride.
  Like, you know, but they're still kind of doing a little waggle or a  little toe tap or something.
  A little spin.
  Yeah.
  A little spin.
  Doesn't help the drama.
  Though, as you're saying this, like you're absolutely right from a  storytelling perspective, but having a kid who waving is one of his favorite  activities, I feel like if I took him to this, he might be, he might see the  video you watched and his note would be not enough waving, right on with their  audience.
  And you are probably, you and Aaron are probably like, yeah, up the waving, up  the waving, we want him falling asleep when you're doing your bowels.
  We want him asleep for the car ride.
  Oh, oh yeah, absolutely.
  Yes.
  This should, he should just get to shout characters whose name he can kind of say  one syllable of, and this should knock him out.
  Yeah.
  That's the other thing I think about these shows.
  I'm sure I could find the current schedule of them.
  I feel like, yeah, it's two shows a day.
  I feel like an early matinee and a late matinee.
  I don't think they're going on, they're doing an eight o'clock or nine o'clock set.
  You know, especially if there's a hockey game, if they're booking hockey  games in these same arenas.
  Oh yeah, or a concert later.
  Yeah.
  Designs to not like, uh, conflict with any other events that might want to use the  space that might be in the late show is 4 30 PM.
  And 4 30 PM.
  So they can get a time like a camcorder stamp on one of these who knew, like who  knows if that time is wrong or just missed program, but for sure I saw an 11  AM pop up, which might be that correct.
  You know, I think it's a great thing about it.
  Kind of the only other place you're going to find it is theme parks.
  Where else in the world can you be like sitting in a venue and watching a show  before and potentially having a alcoholic beverage all before 11 AM?  It's hard to do anywhere else.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I love, I love going to the movies and I, I really love going to either the  very first show of the day or the very last show of the day, uh, when you, when  you might have the, the place to yourself.
  That was a fun holiday outing.
  It's like, oh, there's a new Spider-Man movie.
  And the thrill in this one is that if you go to this one, you might get sick.
  That's what happened with the previous ones.
  The thrill of Spider-Man this time is he kicked off this wave.
  The movie was so popular.
  That spell.
  Thank God there weren't good enough movies for all of these months to cause of a  spike.
  Yes.
  We can see you, Spider-Man for being watchable and fun.
  Yeah.
  We went to, I real quick, Lindsay and I went to a drive through to see Spider-Man.
  Oh, and I drive through driving.
  No, no, there was a screen on the McDonald's drive through and we watched it.
  Uh, no, you're right.
  A drive in, we went out, there's a couple of drives and we're like, you know, what  would be fun going to the drive and see Spider-Man?  Like, yeah, that does sound fun because of all, oh, let's go see the drive in or  whatever.
  And, uh, we went to the drive in and it sucked ass.
  It was awful.
  You couldn't see shit.
  You couldn't see shit.
  Where'd you go?  Uh, where did we go?  We went to the Mish.
  Was it the Mission Tiki one?  Oh, I've heard of that.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, I haven't done that in all this time.
  We couldn't see anything on the screen except for the very bright scenes.
  We could hear characters would be like, I think that's Alfred Molina talking.
  And then you would look and then this is not the fault of the, I mean, the drive  in needs to upgrade their, uh, equipment, but then you would look right.
  And I would watch some of, uh, soundless Ghostbusters afterlife.
  Just get a general impression.
  So I, yeah, I got some, what happens visually in it.
  Um, I saw, um, not this Tom Holland film, but another Tom Holland film, cherry  Oh, wow.
  Drive in when things were still really grim and boy that if I was trying to  escape grimness, I don't know why I went to a city of industry drive in of cherry.
  Oh my God.
  It was all, it was like so post-apocalyptic.
  It had to be witnessed.
  And also one of those where you could like, you, I, you know, obviously I  can't see through the windows and see what's happening in the other cars, but  you really feel like people are doing anything but watching the movie.
  Oh yeah.
  The guy in front of us kept getting out of the car and going into his trunk for  some reason he was blasting us with a light because his trunk, his trunk.
  I just got to get some cords, just got to get some bungee cords.
  Maybe he had food back there.
  I was like, then he left 20 minutes before the movie was over.
  Oh yeah.
  And it was, Oh, and then our car died.
  Oh, because you have to keep it in accessory mode to do the radio.
  Yeah.
  But apparently that's, I, I had went and charged cause it's a hybrid car.
  I went and charged it with the bed.
  I was like, Oh, this'll be fine.
  We'll go straight to just a battery, but I'm an idiot who knows nothing about cars.
  So when we were looking online later, it's like, just turn the car on.
  Don't leave it in accessory mode.
  If you turn the car on, it's fine.
  But I left in an accessory mode for a very long Spiderman movie.
  Wow.
  And I was like, there's an employee and I'm like, Hey, I'm so sorry.
  I think we need to jump.
  Look, he goes, Oh yeah.
  Okay.
  Hold on a second.
  He gets the guy over.
  There's just a guy walking around with a battery.
  Oh, it must happen all the time.
  Yeah.
  I go, Oh, I'm so sorry.
  He goes, that's okay.
  I go, how many is that?  How many have happened?  He's like, guys, like the fourth or fifth tonight.
  It's like, Oh, yeah, I know.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, cars aren't really like meant to have that mid mode anymore.
  Or like, I didn't know how my, like, like my car, I've never done this with my car  before.
  It was very, yeah, I was so worried about it.
  Well, because the old, my memory also, the last time I went to a drive-in was to see  the mask, which is obviously a long time ago.
  And I thought it was fun.
  And my memory was, it was really fun.
  And that was the old school way.
  I think where you would, they had the, like the box.
  So you didn't have to have your car on.
  You would have the box that attached to your window with the, with the audio.
  Mm hmm.
  So that's the radio station in your car.
  I think the little radio station aspect is fun, but yeah.
  Yeah.
  You think that these things are going to be a little like from the, from the bummer,  but I only reflects the bummer more.
  Yes.
  They really, really depressed me because I was going to go opening night and there's,  it's a movie with a lot of pops is I like this, you know, I like to call them pops.
  A lot of pops and you can hear, so instead of like a whole audience erupting,  when somebody would come on the screen, I would hear like one person in the car over  going, Oh yeah, like, yeah.
  Like one person, you'd be like, Oh, this is actually sad.
  I liked hearing that, but I was actually sadder.
  It's making me sadder.
  And then the screen you can't even see, which I do think they could upgrade the  projector and that might take care of that issue and it would have made it a  little less depressing, but the whole night was horribly depressing.
  And we, I just drove home, we just drove home, sad.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That was going to be fun.
  We were almost there.
  We were almost, cause you, there was a, there was that dinner planned that was at  Bucatabepo at city walk and you were like, I can't go cause I got to go see  Spider-Man exactly had conflicting city walk plans, which made me say more than  anything we're back, we're back.
  It happened.
  It's over and this thing snuck back.
  It ruined all the city walk plans.
  All the city walk plans.
  I know.
  So yes, that got altered.
  I, that was going to be the glorious return to city walks movie, which I would  have a city walk movie opening night, which the Marvel movie doesn't even have  to be good as long as a character is on screen that people recognize.
  So they all cheer and that is experiences fun.
  It doesn't matter if the movie's good or not.
  It's just a fun experience to be in that city walk theater, you know, with like  one Margarita in you from the Margaritaville bar and cheering at a familiar name.
  It doesn't even have to be the actual actor or an actor just as a name and it  will go, will hoot and holler.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, you know, if I could dovetail it back into this, I mean, the show is a,  really any ice show, it seems like is a great opportunity to yell for  someone you recognize.
  Oh yeah.
  I think they, I can't, I almost can't hate on these.
  If I'm judging them from a, from a storytelling angle, then maybe, but, uh,  you know, they do successfully, like to the, I was noticing in videos that I was  watching, uh, here's like, all right, here's a little story beat and this seems  to be going over, okay.
  And then at the end, uh, I think Mr.
  Incredible says, okay, everybody let's party.
  And then all the characters come out.
  It's like Cinderella and Stitch and everybody from mismatching worlds.
  And they all dance to dancing in the streets and people go ape shit.
  It's so exciting.
  That's good.
  I mean, it's look, it's a parade of characters that are traveling at like a  higher speed than normal.
  That's really what it is.
  Cause they're on skates.
  So it's a little bit faster, a lot of, but not fast enough that you can't see them.
  They aren't just no worries.
  No, there's a funny, funny.
  You said traveling a little faster.
  Cause the first video I found, uh, uh, watching this was, uh, from 2019 and it  is not the storyline that we are so, uh, obsessed with the Incredibles are in it,  but involves goofy driving an out of control car, uh, on the ice with a hitch  wagon and all the characters in the car.
  And there's of course there's now there's giant led screens that are, it's moving  very fast, but the wagon is going five miles an hour and for a long time, all  the characters are just going goofy.
  Slow down.
  You got to slow down, man.
  What are you doing?  We need to help.
  And then the Incredibles all come out one at a time and do their  powers to help slow down this car.
  And it's very, I feel like even as a child, I would have been like, they're  not going fit the TV's going fit.
  Like they're fine.
  Well, what is happening?  And if you have a side view, then maybe you're not even seeing that screen.
  You don't know what the problem is whatsoever.
  So it's like, it's like speed or something.
  Like, what is it?  The goofy is a car.
  He's just driving poorly.
  Is a car out of control?  I, it seems like a, like, like half six, a one, half a dozen of the other, like I  don't, it's unclear movie death proof.
  Goofy's like the stuntman Mike and death proof.
  And he's, he's trying to crash his car.
  He's, he's, he's like lost control of the car and Mr.
  Incredible is trying to stop it.
  And then the last, the girl comes out and they, there was a gag.
  I found a clip of a gag where she's like stretching, but not in this, in this, she's  just like doing normal stretching while skating, which is very impressive to  skate when you say normal stretching.
  She's just like normal.
  She's got like, she's touching her toes.
  Like she's kind of holding her one leg up while the other leg is skating.
  So like that probably takes a significant amount of balance.
  And then violet comes out in the inflatable ball that like Wayne coin  uses a flaming lip shows and she doesn't really help.
  She's just kind of moves around.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's how they do the, the little sphere.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah, that's why they did it.
  And flaming lips did that, those concerts and during the pandemic with the ball,  everybody was in balls in the audience.
  Mm hmm.
  So maybe that's how we, some of this would be safe to do today.
  The drive-in should have had the balls.
  Oh yeah.
  It should be a roll up.
  It shouldn't be a drive-in.
  It should be a roll up with your big inflatable ball.
  And then, yeah, because imagine watch it, you know, you know, each, each cameo that  occurs in the movie, then like watching a field of bubbles all jiggle around.
  Yeah.
  If you're looking at a big bubble bath.
  And if you want to, yeah.
  And like upfront, like the mosh pit that you can like bump around with people.
  Oh my God, Thomas Hayden Church bumping into each other.
  Oh yeah.
  My nose bled from Thomas Hayden Church bumping.
  Oh, spoiler alert, I guess.
  I guess I technically didn't know that one, but I don't, you know, I'm not the guy to.
  Well, again, spoiler alert, it's really mostly his voice.
  And then I think it's a re like a reused shot of his actual human form from  Spider-Man three from 20 years ago, maybe.
  Oh, I don't even know that he's actually, I think he did his lines over Zoom because  he's mostly in his Sandman, like giant sand creature the whole time.
  So you don't get a lot of Mr.
 Hayden Church, whatever.
  We don't want to push out Mr.
 Hayden Church.
  You don't get a lot of Hayden Church, which is really why I think I said it, because  I there's bigger things that are more exciting.
  Sure, sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Let me let me say a little bit about how I ran into this thing, which is seemingly,  let's say the proper name of it, which I think at least at one point, I think the  name of this particular story changed a lot, but I found it initially as being  Disney presents Pixar's The Incredibles in a Magic Kingdom adventure.
  I think other iterations, it was a Disneyland adventure.
  I think then this was also was done right before the deal, the merger.
  So they had to like pull out Pixar in that weird way.
  Kind of it comes from an interesting time in general, I would say.
  I ran into I was became aware of this in this weird little clip from watching the  2005 Disney Christmas parade, the very Merry Christmas parade, which I haven't gone  into the 2000s ones very much because I assume that they were kind of sanitized and  boring.
 But this one, there was kind of a lot going on.
  It's the first parade ever to be introduced by Eiger, not by Eisner, who's  after that changeover.
  So he's getting his intro skills together.
  Obviously, he was great.
  I mean, if looking because he's we're kind of done with Eiger now.
  And if we're looking at his body of work in terms of welcoming people to holiday  specials, he was no Eisner.
  But I don't think he, you know, he didn't drop the ball either.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we I mean, there's definitely we can definitely get into these.
  It's hard to like celebrate anyone but Eisner as far as the intros are concerned  now.
 But look, we have a podcast and we need content.
  So there's plenty of Eiger stuff that we should take a look at and say, oh, maybe  we were just not of the right age at the time.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Viewing Eiger's work, not as a CEO, but as an on camera presence, I think is  probably something that that this podcast.
  Right.
 We can take a critical eye and say maybe we were maybe, you know, he we can  find things I think that we may have overlooked.
  I think he never evolved.
  He didn't like grow into the performer's shoes in the way that Eisner did.
  But I think he started OK and ended up good.
  I think he got more handsome as the years went on.
  I'll say this.
 I definitely think he is style improved.
  I think whatever he was doing, just I don't know, facially, I don't know if he's  got some sort of skin care regime or anything like regimen.
  Excuse me.
 I don't know what he's doing, but he looks good.
  He like retired hotter.
  Yeah, I think so.
 Really, like a president.
  The president is everyone.
  But the reverse of the American presidency.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that's all any of us can hope to do.
  Yeah.
 Retire hotter.
  So you start those.
  Oh, yes, Jason.
 Oh, I was just going to say, yeah, I agree.
  An interesting time for kind of everything in the company with the Pixar  fluctuation, the parks are in a weird state.
  That weird last minute Hail Mary Muppets purchase, right, is around here.
  Oh, I guess so.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You know, the special takes you on tours of DCA 1.
0, which is improving.
  You know, we got Tower of Terror now.
  Tiger Woods takes a bunch of kids on Soren.
  That's fun.
  All right, guys, he's ready to soar.
  Yeah.
  You get George W.
  Bush and a long section for the troops.
  That's an interesting time capsule.
  50th anniversary of Disneyland, which I'm assuming plays a factor  into some of the choices in this.
  Yeah, yeah, that's that's basically what's going on.
  And that's so half of this, you know, it's still Regis, but we got Kelly Rippa  as the co-host now and half of the special is hosted by Ryan Seacrest.
  From Disneyland, who's talking about the 50th anniversary a lot.
  And he does this brief plug of this ice show.
  There's only a 65 city ice tour.
  And the Incredibles are going to take you on it.
  They're going to go on a trip to Disneyland.
  It's going to tribute the 50th anniversary.
  And just all this imagery is going by really quick.
  And it was so brief, but it just really struck me this this  powerful image of Mr.
  Incredible freeing the pirates.
  The pirates, I think, are iconic, the pirates with the with the dog  and the key next to them, you know, we've all passed the many a time,  but you don't get to know their fate.
  You don't know how they got out.
  So seeing a different iconic character set them free,  it just really pulled me in.
  And there was a real like violence to the footage.
  I really felt the force of Mr.
  Incredible.
 I just I just wanted to know more.
  I don't know if it struck you guys as powerful as it did me,  but it was it was an arresting image, I felt.
  Well, it turned some conventional thing on its head on it on its ear.
  The turn to your expectations were circum circumvented.
  You know, it was one of those things where you were like,  I didn't know that was possible.
  Yeah.
 Like like Spider-Man movie.
  You didn't know it was possible for Mr.
  Incredible to be in this world.
  And it was funny to see him in this world now freeing  a bunch of maniac pirates like because like this is now  I'm actually getting into another topic here.
  And we have not done we've only done one episode really on  Pirates of the Caribbean.
  So really, yeah, this is going to be this race going to be the last  entire year of the podcast.
 Right.
  So that'll be a full full calendar year all on pirates.
  But it's unclear like why are these pirates in prison  and the other pirates are Roman where they did where these pirates  too crazy for the other pirates.
  How did this all go down is my question.
  So it is on it is unclear to me.
  It actually seemed this picture was asking more questions.
  It left me with more questions than I had before,  because I'm like, why does he think this is a good idea? Really?  Aaron proposed the opposite of what you're saying,  that there that it is a topsy turvy world.
  If the pirates have taken control of the town, perhaps  when where the regular city might imprison people who are bad,  maybe the pirates have put some of their own in jail who are not bad enough.
  They were goody two shoes.
  And so we don't want these people.
  We're going to punish them for not doing enough pillaging and setting things on fire.
  Right.
 So they that's interesting.
  So they they wouldn't like participate in any of the games.
  They wouldn't chase the women around.
  They wouldn't set fires.
  They wouldn't drink excess amounts of like moonshine or whatever they're drinking.
  Made no bids in the auction.
  Didn't participate.
 Right.
  So it's just best to have these people put away and not interrupting our fun.
  Gotcha.
 So, yeah, no, I it suggests a world.
  It suggests a world where everybody can meet, which is fun.
  I think really that's what it comes down to.
  The idea that that that any pick any picks our character  and then put them on one of the rides and with the characters on the rides.
  And it is fun.
 Mm hmm.
  You know, I mean, we can just ratatouille Remy is  he's like he's on the ball and the Madame Leota ball and the Haunted Mansion  or something like you know that was possible, but it is  one of the small world dolls eating Nemo.
  Yes.
 Like just the Finn's hanging around image as well.
  Right.
 Just a little flipper.
  Mm hmm.
 Right.
  The Kevin Spacey bugs life character  is just walking down Main Street saying hello to people.
  He's sitting on the bench.
  He's sitting on the bench.
  You know, just rubbing his wings up against the right.
  Rubbing his thorax.
 Right.
  So that is that's the fun.
  Not more class.
  I'm fun, but yeah, maybe not.
 Yeah.
  But everything else is fun ones we should do and everybody should have fun together.
  Here's what then I determined about the show and we can go into the plot  and why this happened.
  But, you know, the broad strokes, there's a power family trip  to Disneyland where then some stuff goes wrong and they have to be the Incredibles  and fix some stuff.
  And once I after a lot of digging for camcorder footage  and trying to find this powerful moment in context,  I determined that it was maybe not the the climax of the show  and maybe didn't have the dramatic heft that I thought.
  And in fact, the buildup is seemingly the Incredibles are kind of around  Pirates of the Caribbean.
  And Mr.
 Incredible says, hey, it looks like these guys probably want to come out.
  You want to come out and he takes the bars off and they come out.
  Which is discovering that, I feel a little embarrassed  to propose an episode about it because I thought this surely  this is the the climax of the show and that it has some like,  can you hear the people singing?  There's like something like this.
  This is about glory and justice.
  We must.
 I cannot see my brethren held captive any longer.
  I assume like that's what the show built to, but apparently not.
  It just kind of happens.
 And then they dance.
  Yeah, it's not even like the first ride they mess around in.
  Yeah.
 The justification is that, yeah, they're at Disneyland.
  And there's a scene before this where they literally say,  I think I wrote the line down.
  Maybe we should see how Mickey and his team are doing over in New Orleans Square.
  This is our kind of show is great.
  Yeah.
 So there there.
  Those aren't pirate pirates.
  Those are literally the animatronic pirates.
  So you watch people on ice skates doing repetitive animatronic like motions  and then sort of when the characters leave, they come to life and do,  of course, a big dance ice dancing number.
  That's pretty good.
  I love that they're supposed to be the robots and that this ice show is  recreating rides and simulated stuff.
  It's a simulation of a simulation.
 Yes.
  So I I I was delighted by that justification.
  And I I my podcast to bring was like,  well, don't what are more people have been to Disney World than Disneyland?  And then when I started thinking about the anniversary, I was like, OK,  I kind of see that.
  That's why.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The Disneyland Adventure show also features the same  like just tossed off beat of Goofy opening the gate.
  Basically, opening the prison.
  Yeah.
 Goofy just like opens a thing.
  It's like not a big it's not like spotlight.
  They're finally free.
  It's just a casual thing of like, oh, gosh, we should let them out.
  Why do these like good characters want to let out the pirates?  It's kind of weird.
 It's a good question.
  I mean, I guess in the in the Disney, the Disney verse in this version,  everyone's just like a goofy character, like a nice character.
  You know,  because he is an anti carceral activist.
  The prison system needs to be reformed.
  There's a lower class.
  I am in it.
 And when there is a criminal class, I am of it.
  I know.
 Yeah, they could have had.
  I mean, that was the subtext, I think, as far as Goofy opening those prison  doors, but I don't know that they actually said so out loud.
  Product of their upbringing.
  You look.
 Yeah, it's reform, not impersonate.
  Yeah.
 So I don't I don't I think literally they're like somebody  who's writing the show, if you want to call it that, which I guess you have to write.
  I shouldn't put it down.
  No, yeah.
 Somebody went, oh, it would be fun.
  We're goofy to open the door and the pirates skate to them.
  Because, yeah, it seems good.
  I think, though, that the the the pirates do become a problem  or that they do.
  They do end up being villains and capture Mickey and Minnie.
  I like from what I can tell.
  And again, piecing this together from really sporadic  videos from all over different times.
  But I go ahead.
  I was just saying it's a nightmare to try to figure out exactly the narrative  because there's so many different like little snippets of stuff.
  And then I think I found another snippet from the same show,  but then it's a total it's like the same beat.
  Like what happened in that in that Regis special syndrome comes  Jason Lee, of course, Jason Lee's syndrome comes in.
  He like he he doesn't capture Mickey and Minnie, but he has dialogue  that's exactly the same as other versions of Disney on Ice,  where syndrome captures Mickey and Minnie and takes them away.
  Yeah, he wants to take over the park or use his powers on the park.
  Right.
 And he's going to he's destroying Disney World to create syndrome land.
  Right.
 That is said at some point.
  So it's still an amusement park, but like an evil one and devoted  to him syndrome land.
 Yes.
  But I'm just saying it's like hard to tell because they again, is it the goofy thing?  Like they took pieces of things and it's hard to like know exactly  what is what from year to year.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's like two videos.
  I saw a lot of videos tagged 2009.
  So even in 2009, they're keeping this going.
  But I saw two videos that had the same like set up.
  Scott, did you I'm assuming you saw the small world sequence?  You think so? Yeah.
  Where it's like they Jack Jack is on the like a windmill and small world  and they need to get him down and they slow the ride down.
  The music goes real slow.
  And the footage was too shitty for me to see that Jack Jack was on it.
  I didn't know why they were messing with the windmill.
  Yeah.
 Thank you for clarifying.
  There there is there's another angle, I think, in another city  where you can see him pick up.
  Jack Jack is just a baby doll.
  But they're just like, come on, Jack.
  That's really funny throughout that they have to deal with the baby  and take care of him like he's a baby.
  But also it's just a prop that gets in the way of things.
  So they got to throw him around.
  And at some point, even in the Ryan Seacrest narration, I noticed  Mr.
 Incredible skating in a way where Jack Jack's under his arm.
  And it kind of looks like he's choking him.
  And at the end of the show, he throws him up in the air really high.
  They drop the baby.
 It gets run over by a skate.
  Yeah, they do have to keep their balance like, yeah, they keep that vibe.
  But so he restarts the ride with his incredible strength.
  And then the music goes real fast.
  And that is a great justification for them to do that real fast ice skating spin.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, that was that was pretty fun.
  The windmill controls all of the music on Small World.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah, you know, I do enjoy this thing in general.
  And I like the idea of like the idea of the ice show is a family trip  to Disneyland, and then that justifies that it's not just going to be ice  skaters, but also big props that are like what you get to see at Disneyland.
  But you get to see them in your town if you can't go.
  So you get teacups out on the ice.
  You get a jungle cruise boat.
  At the end, a lot of stuff's repurposed, but with electrical parade type lights,  like this kind of a mini electrical parade at the end.
  I would love going to this being so Disneyland starved at all time,  like any any way that I could see Disneyland stuff without even getting to go.
  I would have loved.
 Yeah, this is I mean, I know they've had what was it?  The 60th where they had like the the show that everyone thought was going to be  celebrating the parks and it ended up just being the music from the movies.
  Remember, like there was a firework castle show and I forget the name of it.
  People are yelling at the podcast right now.
  But there was they have had shows where they like do all the music  from the parks and stuff at like at the nighttime celebration stuff.
  But they had just for some reason was like playing songs from the movies  to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Disneyland.
  And I was watching this going like this is this is like what I really wanted from that.
  Obviously, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like you get like Tiki room at the end, like like the finale.
  They play Tiki room and you get a lot of Haunted Mansion stuff.
  Like there's a whole big sequence that recreates Haunted Mansion  and the stretching portrait like they have a prop that actually  and then kind of the ballroom sequence happens.
  I mean, so this is a structure of a show.
  I glommed onto it because of this funny, silly pirate thing.
  But then I'm watching it like, well, this is a very good idea for a touring Disney show.
  Yeah.
 And I wonder.
  Yeah, I wonder.
  Like it feels like they don't they wouldn't do this anymore is what I'm saying.
  Maybe I'm wrong, but it feels like  they're much more like probably synergy focused now and it'll all just be movie stuff.
  And yeah, I don't know.
  Everything feels like it's watched like a hawk nowadays.
  This feels like the tail end of like, yeah, and we're just, you know, doing this show.
  And we, you know, we don't have that many people have to OK it.
  But now it's like they've reorganized every company, you know, reorganizes  so many times, you know, the structure.
  But yeah, it would be.
  Yeah, that's I think the stuff that I love out of any.
  It's it's at the root, especially of that coming out of their shells type thing,  where they get so much stuff wrong.
  And did it confuse me as a kid when like those turtles aren't like the turtles I know.
  But I also loved it.
  And I still love it when they like screw up big things.
  This happened with Mario a lot, I feel like.
  Obviously, the Mario Brothers movie is this really ludicrous Mario  on ice thing with Mr.
  Belvedere as as Koopa.
  There was an early viral video that was so great.
  But I like I might be in the minority on this, but I love when they  they like completely fuck up IP and the rules and the characters.
  And it's all off.
  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, I as a kid, it's so I would.
  That's one of the things I would love to have it like a video of somebody  interviewing me about that, because I'm so fascinated to hear  what I would have said back then, because obviously we all knew that  when stuff didn't add up because there were multiple versions of everything.
  Mario, then the movie like interview, like all of us being interviewed  after just seeing the Mario movie would have been fascinating and hilarious,  like hilarious.
 Yeah.
  Because I'm sure we were like, like on the way home,  we were probably like just befuddled.
  I remember being before like so confused by it.
  But we weren't articulating it in any way.
  But it would have been funny to try to get kids to explain like that wasn't it.
  Was that Mario? Like that wasn't why was that?  Why was Mario not Mario?  That was a different one than the one that was my one.
  You learn like a lesson, though, I think, as a kid, like that, it's like, oh, yeah,  I guess this is different.
  I get like your brain just goes, I guess this is different.
  And then you accept it.
 And it's not that big of a deal.
  It's a complaint sometimes I have with the Marvel stuff is it's so focused on making  sure it's exactly like the same thread from every movie and every show and it's all the same.
  And like it's like they're like just like doing that.
  Like they're they're so like like sticklers for that.
  Yeah.
 And a part of me as a kid reading comics and there were four different  Ninja Turtles, I kind of miss the days when it's like you'd be your mom  found a weird like European Ninja Turtles comic.
  And it was like or that there were like the knockoff toys where like it was a dollar store.
  And it was like you've seen all that, like the things on like websites and BuzzFeed,  where it's like the mutant hero, not frogs, that's whatever.
  But like fake turtle stuff.
  And there's something fun about that.
  And even stuff I think I liked as a kid that there were like multiple versions of things.
  Yeah, yeah, I know.
  I think we all appreciate the like that they didn't have the stranglehold on these things.
  They couldn't control them.
  Yeah.
 Which, you know, leads to fun and sanity and clashes and weird moments as happen  in in this a little bit.
  Let me let me play a clip or two, because Mike, you mentioned the the Regis performance.
  We've said we've we've we've been trying to piece together this incredible ice show.
  And it's tough to do for a bunch of camcorder footage.
  But they did make a stop on Regis and Kelly and perform a little mini version of it on a mini ice rink  on the Regis set, which is very small to begin with.
  I don't know how they crammed it all in.
  But just, you know, this is where you maybe get the cleanest taste of syndrome.
  And what sounds like Jason Lee, right?  I think.
 Yeah, I think it's I think it's the same dialogue from the show itself.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I'm cut down.
 Right.
  So here's a little piece of that.
  And this is only seemingly available on YouTube because it's on the YouTube channel  for something called Easy Glide 350, which might be like the kind of ice skates that they used or rink.
  I was trying to I think it it's either ice skates or it's ice panels  that you can set up ice rinks in very small spaces.
  That's got to be it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's that's a thing they would have to advertise.
  That's a pretty specialty function.
  So, well, it worked out great on Regis and Kelly's.
  What's misspelled in the YouTube label and thus Regis and Kelly's Christ Man special.
  Pretty good misspell.
 I'd like to see Christ Man.
  I'd like to see Mickey and Minnie not square off against Christ Man.
  No, team up with Christ Man.
 Yeah, team up with Christ Man.
  Is Christ Man on Bible Man as well?  It's not Jesus doesn't show up.
  It's his alter ego.
 Christ Man.
  I am Christ Man.
  It's just regular him in a robe there in the beard.
  But with a mask.
 Yeah, the little Burt Ward mask.
  Well, he shows up at the end and he's like, what happened?  Anything interesting? Sorry, I'm running late.
  And they're like, you missed it.
 Christ Man was here.
  Oh, he was.
 Oh.
  With his alter ego as a mild mannered  savior of man.
  OK, here's here's a little clip of the show.
  Hiya hoops.
 Hello.
  Oh gosh, it's swell to see ya.
  It sure is, Mickey.
  Oh no.
  Mickey Minnie's holiday phone has been ruined by an army of marching ice guys.
  Like soiling Korean troopers.
  Manhandling the mice.
  Good morning, people.
  My name is syndrome.
  First out of a pile of presents, a technically perfect robot  copy of my former self.
  Oh, that's right.
 So they stick with Incredibles  mythology where syndrome is dead because he gets sucked into the plane.
  Because of his cape.
  So this actually isn't syndrome.
  It is a robot that perfectly recreates syndrome, that syndrome  like thought to make before he died.
 Yeah.
  So I like that they're consistent.
  Also, this the whole thing is doing the great stunt  show type thing of the lip sync performance.
  And syndrome is really strange.
  Like some characters are just face characters, but he has a big fake  Jay Leno type chin like strapped to his regular face.
  So you see his real mouth doing the lip sync, but also like a big cartoon jaw  is bouncing up and down.
  It's yeah, it's scary.
  Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I think the mix and that some of the pirates are like rubber guys,  I think is very funny.
  But not everyone on on the ice is anywhere.
  Sorry, mice.
  But there's only room for one beloved character in the world.
  And that's going to be me.
  You see, these cast members are about to be cast offs.
  Oh, gosh.
  So that's funny that they are so deep in Park's lore that they  use the term cast members and that they put that on this TV  iteration where we have.
  I don't think the theme park element of it has come up at all.
  That's not cast members also not something.
  That's not a casual term, is it?  I don't think so.
  I think it's weird to hear like a cartoon villain say.
  And I don't think a child besides us knew the term cast member.
  Yeah.
 In a regular fashion.
  Also, the way he said sorry, Mike sounded full of hate.
  He is racist.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He's an angry guy.
  He's a robot.
 He's angry robot guy.
  Well, he gets his comeuppance because the Incredibles come out.
  But I'm going to skip that, actually, because what I'm more interested in is  Frozone's appearance.
  And I think you'll hear why.
  What? Oh, man.
  Looks like this is definitely a time to cheer.
  Blast some of the nice ray or something.
  To his cold.
  His heart.
  We.
  I mean, that's mainly so that's another thing about this show is that there's  sporadic, but not constant use of pop songs.
  Yeah.
 Like a pretty quick little blast of it, kind of to a confusing degree,  I would say.
 Yeah, that seems to be a reoccurring thing in all the  the Disney ones.
 Yeah.
  Which and so that's that's some of what I wanted to bring up.
  About this show.
  And I have some other clips to show you guys.
  Cold as ice.
 Great.
  There's some other sequence where some explosive kind of stuff happens  and they use burning down the house.
 Great.
  But because it's 2005,  things get a little 2005 V.
  And I was just really delighted by the use of this one song  that you will hear now.
  So listen to the this is for  Violet and it highlights a particular power of hers.
  I mean, that's that's it.
 Pretty much the.
  I did you guys even remember what this song was?  I guess I texted you about it, but I had to place it at first.
  At first I was like, is this a latter day?  Backstreet Boys song.
 What is this song?  And then remembered it was it was Clay Aiken.
  This was right.
 Aiken's right.
  I would not know.
 I did not know that.
  It's familiar now.
  But yeah, that was the big that was Clay's biggest hit, right?  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, maybe the only like like big clay song, right?  Which has to be kind of oddly  changed and recontextualized for this moment to just creating the bizarre lyrics  about a teenage girl.
  If she was invisible, then she could just watch you in the room.
  Just kind of.
 Yeah.
  I mean, teenagers are weird.
  I would believe they would do something like that.
  The song is accurate.
 That's true.
  But it is an odd.
  Was Clay on Disney records?  Hollywood records, do you think?  I don't.
 I don't think so.
  Unless, like, didn't everybody have to sign to like the same thing?  Maybe not, though.
  I don't know.
 I have some questions in general.
  I mean, I don't think all of the music comes from Disney in this.
  And I'm sure it doesn't, because what what I'm driving to is a particular discovery  that I found a very odd rabbit hole that I went down because past  now we're starting to get weird with the songs.
  Maybe you remember this clay and song.
  I was kind of delighted to hear it.
  But then the other songs are sort of strange.
  The song Dash gets is a Billy Joel song running on ice.
  Kind of an odd choice.
  I think Mr.
 Incredible gets a little moment with I'm too sexy  because he's a big hunk.
 That's great.
  Crowd pleaser.
  But then the song for Elastigirl, for Mrs.
  Incredible, is a little strange.
  And let me pull that up.
  Just see if you guys can place it.
  Think back to 2005 and if you have any memory of the song.
  Let me time it up to there's a fun little gag where she goes behind a door  and then they pull her arms out and they stretch really far.
  So that's fun.
  And this is this is a gag.
  Yeah, this is what I was referencing earlier.
  I got to say, though, they missed an opportunity with Violet  where she could have skated behind the set piece and not come out  the other side and then just had the spotlight go around the ice  as if she was invisible.
  I feel like, oh, yeah, that would have been great.
  Kids would have loved that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And then like perfectly time it hopefully where the invisible one comes in  and then the then the visible one appears.
  Yeah, really?  Well, they didn't do that, but they did this.
  And this is the highlight of the show for me.
  So let's just see if you remember this little ditty.
  In your heart, you'll be so visible.
  And I heard you was incredible.
  So come on, show them what you got.
  You're too flexible to be human.
  It's just too early.
  And you can't do that.
  It's just not going to be.
  You don't understand, baby.
  This chicken's got to be too flexible to be human.
  Any memories of of that song of you're too flexible to be human?  I that that and the Aiken song, I'm like, I've heard this tune before,  but I don't I can't place it.
  That's not late period Michael Jackson, is it?  Kind of has that feel sort of like a little electro.
  Not very good, not very catchy.
  What is that?  Well, I think the answer is this is not a popular song at all.
  I'm pretty sure because upon Googling some of the lyrics,  I discovered the original version and it is from an artist named Jay Bigga.
  Here's Jay Bigga.
  Oh, my God.
  From his Al is 2004 album Laced Me Up.
  Did you make this parody cover?  Like this looks fake.
  I'd like to think my Photoshop skills are superior to what we're looking at.
  That's true.
  Yeah, this guy.
  I mean, any thoughts about this guy?  I was trying to think of a way to describe him to the listener.
  I think he looks like if Robert Pattinson had a wiener little brother.
  Just this looks like a toy.
  He looks like he looks like a little doll that's on one of my shelves.
  Little little dolly.
  Human Woody a little bit.
  Yeah, it's like portions are strange.
  Weird sideburns and pompadour.
  Yeah, I also thought I thought he looks a little like  if like the cartoon Doug was a person.
  I think he might look like this guy.
  I think Doug wouldn't have been this handsome.
  No offense to Doug.
  Yeah, this guy's got too much of an edge.
  So Jay Bigga is a looker to you.
  I mean, important fact is that he is white.
  This is a white guy and like a white rapper.
  And now having heard the the Disney Fide Incredibles version,  here now is Jay Bigga's original.
  You're too flexible to be human, which, by the way, on Spotify  on YouTube is spelled while you are.
  It is I think in the official release, they did not make it.
  You're with an apostrophe.
  So here is the original.
  You're too flexible to be human.
  You're too flexible to be human.
  It's difficult to believe that you can touch it like that.
  It's just not natural.
  What you can do with your tongue.
  Incredible.
  Your abilities are interstellar, baby.
  This chick is out of control.
  You're too flexible to be human.
  So, yeah, because when I heard  when I heard him say chick in the original  lyric or the way when the Disney singers say chick, I'm like, all right,  well, something's up with this song.
  And already it being a song about flexibility like this kid,  this is not a song made for this.
  This has to be like a sex oriented song,  which immediately was the discovery with Jay Bigga's version.
  I can't say I like it.
  No, no.
  I kind of like that beat,  that video game kind of beat that comes in.
  But I really, really do not care for those vocals.
  It's a poor man's Becks.
  Hell, yes.
 It's a terrible hell.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's really like titty cheap.
  I don't know what's going on here.
  Yes, it's really bad.
  Yeah, it sounds really badly mixed poorly.
  Like all of it are all across the board.
  Yeah.
 What are you thinking?  Like, I don't know.
  Yeah.
 How did the world align itself in this way  where this where the the white rapper Jay Bigga's  not popular song because there is not a music video for it.
  None of this is popular on Spotify.
  This is not some like a thing of the era that I missed, unless I am way off.
  The three of us have never heard of Jay Bigga.
  So how did this sexy song about flexibility done in whatever proto pro tools?  How did this end up in a Disney ice show performed in this grand  studio singers kind of way?  They must have just Googled the term, not even Google,  like combed through a searchable licensing music library.
  Found the word flexible because these are also all covers like, right?  These Disney ones.
 Yeah.
  None of it is the same for.
  Yeah, it's not the same version.
  So it says they're getting people to rerecord it and truly someone  or maybe someone in the office knew it and was just like,  did you say you need it?  Something that said flexible.
  But I got a CD for you.
  How do you not just write your own song?  Because they now have to like the other rerecording  Jay Bigga and censoring lyrics like in their version,  the singers just don't sing anything, thus emitting the lyric.
  It's not natural what you can do with your tongue.
  Like, why have why have they put Mrs.
  Incredible in the light of this like this chirpy white rapper dude?  That's I mean, look,  there's a lot of like online lust for Mrs.
  Incredible these days.
 Yes.
  Yeah, so I guess it feels recent.
  I don't remember that happening.
  I agree.
 It feels recent.
  But I don't know.
  Maybe this is like because it's really I mean, it's if you're working at Disney,  you go, you know what we shouldn't do probably is put the really fucking horny song  in the Incredibles part of or the Incredibles ice show.
  Like, you shouldn't do that for three year old.
  This is for not even kids, but for the kids.
  And I get it like no one's probably going to understand.
  No one's going to look that song up, especially.
  No, no, no.
 I guess it didn't occur to anyone to like,  I really like this melody in these lyrics.
  I'm going to figure out what this is.
  But that means, yeah, like if there was a big Jay Bigga fan  that was also like really worried about protecting the children,  which I guess could exist, you know, you in your private time as an adult,  you enjoy the work of Jay Bigga and you enjoy the different  sexually explicit songs that he makes.
  But you're very worried about your kids getting exposed  to that type of content until they're of age.
  So I could see that they're possible.
  That's possible that somebody like that was in the audience.
  Yeah, it might have.
  People, a kid might have like  or might have been having some weird little feelings like, like had the sense of  like was thinking about bodies and flexibility and maybe I should look that up.
  And now they're on.
  Now they're in the very explicit album Laced Me Up,  which, you know, gets more explicit.
  Yeah, Laced Me Up.
  What other songs are on this?  I would love to tell you about the other songs.
  Yes.
 Let's see.
  There's Use Your Tongue.
  There's Nasty One.
  There's 357, which.
  Wait, let me look up the lyrics.
  I don't have them in front of me, but I remember noting  357 by Jay Bigga because there's like a.
  Oh, yeah, the parenthetical on that title is Blanco Machete.
  Wait, let me.
 Oh, yeah.
  The lyrics are You Got Me Rock Solid Fondling My 357,  which refers to like a gun that's like a gun shaft.
  So I'm so I'm going to hit your tonsils with my Blanco Machete.
  Baby, grip on the handle.
  Hold on a second here.
  Hold on one moment.
  But whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
  You think that there's we've discovered all the ways to refer to pieces  and then you end up at Blanco Machete.
  What is that?  That might be one of the worst things you've ever said on the show.
  I think, yeah, I think that's more that's upsetting.
  Yeah, I'm looking this up.
  Is this a is this a common phrase?  Can't be.
 And also being this is also I think nobody today  is going to be proud of the like Blanco part.
  You know, nobody's going to like underline that  as a feature of the machete.
  Oh, wait, let me keep going, though.
  I mean, hit your tonsils is kind of crazy, but then it gets to baby  grip on the handle of my 357.
  I'm going to split you up the middle with my Blanco Machete.
  OK, wait, so there the gun is the separate.
  The 357 is a gun, but it's not also a penis.
  Oh, yeah.
 Wait a minute.
  Yeah, there's a gun and a what do you call it?  Is a machete a knife or a sword?  It's a knife.
 It's a knife.
  Large knife.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 So there's a I like hatchet.
  There's a there's a gun and a hatchet in play.
  And contextually, I think that they're both penises.
  But if hypothetically, some woman is gripping the handle of J.
  Biggest 357, then how also can she be split up the middle with his Blanco Machete?  So this is either very poor writing or we're missing something big here.
  Well, with there being a grammatical error in one of the song titles  and then and the name of the album being Laced Me Up, which I don't.
  That's like is that like part of a bigger sentence like she laced me?  And what is laced me up referring to?  What do you think is 2011 single is about?  It's called Fucking.
  Wow.
 It threw it all out the window.
  It's the cover.
 So that's a great cover.
  Yes, a bed and kind of like Godfather font over black.
  But it's like a bad.
  It's a bad at a high.
  Like it's not a it's not a notable bad.
  His two thousand eighty broke inside and a much more interesting cover  kind of of its time.
 Very, you know, photoshop.
  A little cool.
 Yeah, that's better than the than the Laced Me Up cover.
  Lyrics in general, very bizarre of Blanco Machete.
  She's baking me loot cakes, mommy.
  I'm not something Jason said.
  Come on.
 That's a Jason thing.
  Yeah, that's all you've ever heard of that.
  You bake me loot cakes, mommy.
  I go straight.
 I go straight.
  There's kind of a Brill building in Los Angeles.
  It's not really, you know, you don't talk about a lot.
  This is how you made money in college was ghost writing lyrics for J.
  Vega.
 Yeah.
  Two thousand nine, of course, like everything else, bottom fell out.
  You know, first thing to go.
  Wow.
 Sorry, Jay.
  You're going to have to write these yourself.
  Come up with your own colorful metaphors.
  He scrounged some funds together, got fucking out in 2011.
  But I think people have moved on.
  Even just further in the lyrics of the one that Disney used,  I'm going to load that sexy body and pull the trigger.
  How you could reach back and handle it while the other hand was slapping it.
  It's a it's a very explicit song.
  And then just a couple of tracks away from a way.
  What do you hear? Are you playing one of them?  I accidentally hit J.
  Vega.
 You're a little bit of fucking.
 Yeah.
  So let me just let me play one other.
  I think my favorite track on the album, no offense to you,  are too flexible to be human.
  But I am a fan of pink chocolate.
  Here's a little bit of pink chocolate.
  No, man.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  I how could I make that error?  That was also you're too flexible to be human.
  Let me let me find now.
  Now let's go to the radically different pink chocolate.
  I keep wanting to hit the space bar and end it, and then I keep not.
  No, it keeps me.
  He's keeping me lasting, I guess.
  What does this mean?  What does this portend for the year 2022?  This is where we're starting.
  Message for the past.
  Means that the year is going to be so chocolatey.
  I like that this came an hour into the episodes.
  This is an interesting second gate.
  Oh, it's fun to hear my friends talk, my friends, the three boys talk.
  And then the last 15 minutes for these unpleasant songs from 20 years ago.
  It's like little this like slimy white worm  threatening to split us down the middle.
  There's a lot of look.
  I found a lot of material here, and I have not obviously gone through this.
  One of these seems to be a cover of Katy Perry's Teenage Dream.
  Oh, no, no.
  I don't know.
 I don't know if I should play it.
  In his defense, in case things get weird at this point, there's another song.
  And now I don't know if I have the lyrics in front of me,  but there is a song where he asks somebody for ID  to make sure that everything's on the up and up.
  I mean, I know shows that the girl has just turned 18.
  So now they're going to hit it and spit it or whatever the hell.
  Well, I'm impressed you found that because the mix on all of these  has been unlistenable.
  And I have to read lyrics.
  I can't let him speak for himself because you can't hear.
  He can't make them out.
  It's all like like because he's up here when I found it and going to find a.
  Yeah.
 And then all the music is like, you know, there's no low end.
  There's no high.
 Yeah, it's really.
 Wow.
  I finally read that big article that went around at the end of 2021 of like,  why is music or why is dialogue in movies so hard to understand nowadays?  And there's all these different reasons and stuff.
  But I'm like, oh, everything seems crystal clear.
  Thomas Hardy Bane seems crystal clear compared to these songs.
  Yeah.
 I mean, look, it's a there's a real finesse to this type of material.
  I mean, Scott and I are big Prince fans.
  Yeah, that's a man who could write an innuendo song  or a song that might be provocative, but it wouldn't make you uncomfortable.
  Yeah, I want starfish and cough.
  Like I want something a little bit back.
  I mean, I think look, Jay Big, I'm sure has his audience.
  He's still posting on SoundCloud.
  So I mean, some of you might be big fans, and I'm not trying to say you can't be.
  What if he's listening? What if weirdly like, oh, yeah,  I'm the only ever thought of those theme parks, yo, anytime.
  I love taking a ride on the teacups.
  That's it.
 I feel like that's not dirty enough.
  What you just said.
  Like riding my tongue around the teacup.
  I got to lick all the liquid out of the teacup.
  Why don't you pee into these cups?  Yeah, that's good.
 Great.
  Hey, he's a pee guy for sure.
 Definitely.
  I think we can all agree Jay Bigga is a pee guy.
  Based on what we've heard so far, it's reasonable to assume.
  I love to pee.
  I want classier filth like Aerosmith's pink.
  OK, that's a classier dirty song, you know.
  And that also, by the way, plays in Disney World.
  So I guess Jay Bigga maybe is just following the precedent set  by Aerosmith at the Rock and Roller Coaster when they would play.
  They would blast their song pink.
  They are OK in general with people exploring areas that involve pinkness.
  But I still don't.
 I mean, I don't pink chocolate.
  Like, am I crazy for not?  Am I being a real good boy here and not?  I don't think it is clear what.
  Just think about what chocolate dyed pink is and then think about sex.
  And I don't.
 I can't think of what is like pink chocolate.
  I mean, I have some guesses.
  I have some guesses, too.
  I don't know.
 I can see why it didn't take off.
  I'd rather Jason said it than I did.
 But yeah, I don't.
  But I have a thought or two.
  I don't know if I'm right.
  Like he might be listening.
  I figure a mile.
 We're just like just exploring.
  Jay, if you're listening, we're just we're we're analyzing here.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And please don't turn your 305 on us.
  Thank you.
 Or your Blanco machete.
  Use those things for good for pink chocolate exploration, not for violence.
  Stop frozen or stop syndrome.
  Help frozen, frozen and stop syndrome.
  Yeah.
 Did the Disney on Ice people hear the full album?  Did anyone listen to the entire or how about this possibility  that some Disney executive was possibly like the parent of Jay Bigga?  And that's how he was able to finance his record laced me up to begin with.
  It's possible.
 Very possible.
 Yeah.
  There was like, you know what we could do?  My son.
 He could really stand some money for books.
  And yeah, he's expensive.
  He is.
 But I think I did some math based on his Wikipedia.
  When he's asking for a girl's ID to make sure she's 18, I don't think he's 18.
  Based on like somewhere I saw.
  And unless the birth year is not accurate on what I saw,  this seems like a double standard from Jay.
  He's playing the under prize.
  Can you read this car for me?  He's playing a character.
  He's embodying a character.
  An older shady before him.
  He what he's doing is he's playing an older creep.
  He's not the young creep in real life.
  He was when he was recording this.
  He's an older creep who's put in a position where he might be around underage women.
  So it used to take so long for stuff to come out.
  He would know like, well, you know, by the time he gets mixed  and mastered and everything, I'll be an old creep.
  You know, right.
 Right.
  I would like to take these.
  If I could get just the stems, if I could get the tracks of this,  I could do a couple of remixes, I think.
  And maybe McGruff would throw a verse or two down.
  Watch your mouth, kid.
  Pink chocolate.
 I don't know about that.
  How about regular chocolate?  Delicious snack gives me energy for the day to take a bite out of crime.
  But I'm a dog.
 I can't eat it.
  So, yeah, man.
  Well, yeah, so many questions.
  This is this is an impossible question to answer, is it not?  Is this a thing?  Could we send an email to Jim and Len  and see?  I mean, the answer is yes, and I want to expose them to this filth.
  I kind of think we should.
  I kind of think these are the best.
  These are the guys, the best guys in the game.
  These are the minds.
  These are the detectives to put on the case.
  And I think we I wonder because Jim has the extensive file.
  I wonder if we could get to the bottom of how this song ended up in the show.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah, maybe.
  I was a great bigger fan, actually.
  Polka dot Daisy Dupes and a big chocolate grin.
  That's it exactly.
  I mean, if God bless it, we can get that.
  Jay Vega's legal name, that that's a place where we can start  and just start looking up, you know, right.
  Connections and records and stuff.
  I mean, even just asking Guy Selga, who has a lot of this.
  I bet I bet we can figure it out.
  I mean, if we ask somebody to do the work, we can find out.
  That's what I think.
  I mean, I think we could be in communication with Jay  Vega by the end of the hour if we wanted to be.
  I think that's true, but.
  He like he might just have the answer, like, why is your song  in the because it's fly is a song fly.
  Like that might be it.
  It was so fucking dope.
  Disney had to hit it and Jay Big had to split it.
  Jim and Len going through all these lyrics is maybe my dream podcasts.
  Of all, I mean, I would love them to recite all of it.
  Certainly that is maybe  it would be the greatest podcast of all time.
  Bar none.
  I'm about to make your pink chocolate famous.
  What a note we're starting the year on.
  You know what you want to do?  I didn't know I was just like, here's a funny Twitter joke.
  And then we now we ended up deep in the land of pink chocolate.
  I was going to make a joke like my brain is mush until like the 10th.
  And I don't think this is correct at that.
  And usually something snaps me back into reality.
  No, you know, it's going to last longer because of the circumstances of the world.
  You might be back to normal at the end of February.
  I oh, yeah, we will see.
  Yeah, I mean, feed something to focus on, something to research on a bit, you know.
  Yeah, that'll get you right back.
  That'll get me that'll get me back to something.
  I don't know if it's fully reality.
  We'll certainly never bring up any of these terms in these songs.
  Yeah, these aren't going to haunt us like a ghost.
  I'm sorry, it's too late now.
  This is the year of the Blanco Machete.
  There's nowhere to go.
  All right.
 Let's just turn this turn this car around.
  No episodes this year.
 Sorry, everyone.
  See you in 2023.
  Hold on a second.
 Hold on a second.
  We got to figure out what celebrity  lacquer is going into this cocktail known as the Blanco Machete.
  So there you have it.
  I mean, I didn't think we'd get here from this one, but I knew that the image  was profound and I knew it was going to lead us to something to pirate treasure.
  And but the pirate's name was J.
  Bigga, and he is the treasure.
  He's on the lookout for his pink chocolate.
  And much like pirates, he wields a big sword.
  Mm hmm.
  And I don't even know.
 I am out of I am on a gas.
  Yeah, I'm so we can end it here.
  I wasn't there.
 I am not exactly exploding with facts about like,  well, and then it made it to Kansas City.
  I think we can be done with this episode about this one GIF I posted.
  I mean, look, it's a wide look.
  This is a wild.
 This is wild.
  I'm just it's crazy.
  I don't know what to say.
  All right.
 Well, we'll pull ourselves together and we'll get a little more  professional if we can by the time we're back on the main feed.
  For now, you survived podcast, the ride, the second gate.
  I what I what can I say now?  I feel my apologies, I guess.
  But we're sorry.
  We had to start somewhere.
  And this is where we started.
  We'll be back on the main feed in a little bit.
  Might still be a second.
  But this is a little treat because you you know, you went you went a couple  of weeks without us.
  And now you're wondering, maybe should I go a couple more weeks still with them?  It might be.
 Yeah, it might be nice.
  Nice break.
 Longer break.
  Should I should we go out?  We could like roll the dice on a J biggest song as the outro,  like one that I haven't vetted.
  Yeah, I mean, I guess you could try to have the Katy Perry cover loaded up.
  Oh, I had it.
 Well, I had it.
  I can get it back.
  See if you can, unless I can find one off of laced me up.
  But again, just as we search for whatever we're going to play,  keep in mind, this music is fully vetted and approved by the Walt Disney Company  all to be played in front of three year olds.
  Jay Bigga is a proud member of the Disney family.
  He's a legend, Disney legend.
  Yeah, they're giving it to him next year.
  Really excited for him.
  Let's see.
 Yeah, I got it.
  I got it on YouTube and it's it's got 16 views.
  She's very sexy.
  That's what she's crazy.
  But I did what gets her into me is something I just don't get.
  I feel so lucky.
  So our new lyrics, she comes around  around the same for your father.
  Wait, hold on.
 Let's look into the chorus.
  But yes, I confess, she's the best thing that I've got.
  And she said that ice cream and be 13 and tight jeans.
  And yes, she's better than sex.
  Let's go.
  The key is better than sex.
  Yeah, you heard him.
 Sex with her.
  You heard him.
  You and I still mix badly.
  Don't be shy.
  And we'll grow.
  I mean, that's I don't know.
  Do we want more?  I'm good.
  We're good.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  They say, subscribe here, please, please, please.
  I'm sorry.
 Stay subscribed.
  And well, we'll do one without J.
  Biggest Scare.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  We'll do it without J.
  Biggest soon.
  Happy New Year.
