 Forever.
  Dog.
  Hi there, I'm Mike.
  I'll be one of the hosts serving you content.
  Today's podcast menu contains tastefully branded denim vests, the delicious sounding term pesto  cream and classy high-end submarine sandwiches.
  And if you have any questions about the menu, feel free to ask our special guests Jason Wolner  or Eva Anderson.
  Thanks for dining with us today at Steven Spielberg's underwater submarine restaurant, Dive, because  it's Celebriory on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride presents Celebriory.
  Podcast the Ride's latest and greatest themed event, it's Celebrity Restaurant Month.
  All month we will be celebrating the wonderful world of celebrity owned restaurants.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Hi, I'm Mike Carlson.
  And I don't want to like contradict you immediately, but some of these are presented as owned by  celebrities.
  I just want to make sure we put that caveat because we want some celebrities are being  used maybe as a mascot, just their name value.
  When you hear these, I don't want to spoil it, but when you hear the name value of some  of these celebrities we're going to be talking about, you're going to be blown away and understand  why people wanted to manipulate the public into believing that they owned it.
  The incredible assets that are at play, some of the biggest names in our industry.
  If you know where we're starting today with today's topic, Dive and Steven Spielberg,  and I think it maintains that level throughout our entire month.
  Jason Sheridan, speaking of star power, Jason Sheridan.
  You know, the timing could not be better because I'm getting over a stomach ache.
  So I'm very excited to talk about this bad food restaurant to steal a phrase from our  former president.
  The bad food restaurant.
  Which former president?  What did he say that about?  Donald Trump, I believe, referred to a place as a bad food restaurant.
  I see.
  Maybe one of his New York Phil and maybe like a great Grayson Carter or Graydon Carter or  whoever that was.
  Well, Donald Trump, one of the many great men who will factor into this, this month,  I feel I know he pops up more than once.
  I think he might today a little bit.
  It's stacked with great men.
  Yeah, which you have to be to get these massive establishments, which some of these are like  some of these are weird little holes in the wall.
  And then some require the most expensive real estate on the planet and thus requiring the  muscling through of people who should be in jail for like 40 reasons.
  Yeah, some real regular characters show up in this one.
  And this is also one of the heaviest thematic ones, like in terms of a themed environment.
  I'd say so.
 This is perfect in terms of it is themed.
  This is a thing that we can parse throughout.
  And we've talked about a little before.
  Some of them are some celebrity restaurants are themed as well.
  Yeah, some aren't explicitly.
  But I feel like the celebrity themselves are the theme in a way like it's like in an ideal  scenario where it's almost like you are like entering into the celebrities body or mind  and piloting piloting your brain.
  Like it's like hopefully like being in a in a fever dream of the life of some esteemed  their paraphernalia, their vibe.
  If a celebrity restaurant succeeds in a lot of them, I would say almost everything we're  talking about did not succeed.
  Yeah, these are mostly massive failures, I think, in one way or another.
  But yeah, the month you'll be there'll be a lot of variety for you.
  Some of the celebrity restaurants, the whole idea was just you'd go and you'd see the  celebrity sitting sadly in a chair.
  I think those are the those are some of the ones we're the most excited about.
  Yeah, you can find those on the second gate.
  But look, it's it's great stars throughout.
  We got a great logo which has stars in it made by Aaron Gardner.
  Thanks, Aaron, for the great, the awesome logo for the month.
  And joining us, very exciting to kick things off, joining us for the first time in far  too long.
 For the first time since directing the best comedy film in the last 10 years,  Boris says a good movie film.
  It's Jason Waller.
 Hi, Jason.
  Hey, guys.
 Thanks.
 Thanks for having me back.
  I'm very excited to be back on the podcast.
  It's been far too long.
  We're happy to have you.
  I was going to just quick say I was going to ask, could I no longer be referred to as  the Alec Baldwin of Podcast The Ride?  Why?  I just feel like it's time is coming.
  There's something about that name.
  No, nothing.
 No, nothing in particular.
  I just think people might get the wrong impression.
  It was I was referred to as that because I had been on the show a bunch of times.
  It was at the time.
  Not because I do.
  Right, right.
 Of course.
  Yeah.
  And that you were around so much and so often like Alec Baldwin on SNL where you you could  have been in the cast.
  That was the idea.
  Yeah.
  Such a match were you.
  So it was meant as the highest praise.
  It was it was fun.
  It was a lot of fun.
  But I think, you know, I just feel like it's time.
  Is there another five timers club member you'd want to be referred to now?  Like, uh, Louis CK, perhaps.
  Yeah.
 Like really, anyone who hosted SNL and hasn't killed anyone, I would.
  Sure, sure.
  I'm trying to think.
 I can't think of one.
  So we'll have to get back to you.
  Thank you.
  Oh, Rudy Giuliani.
  Oh, yeah, that works.
  You worked with him.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I have.
 Yeah, that's right.
  My buddy.
  OK.
 And as if this were not stacked enough, great topics, great guests.
  We are going to be joined.
  Might be the most exciting part of the month.
  We're going to be joined multiple times throughout the month  by one of the best guests in all the podcasting.
  So excited you're here.
 Eva Anderson.
  Hey, guys.
  You guys are a favorite.
  You're a favorite guest.
 You're regulars.
  This, I mean, this is so exciting.
  It's a great room.
  This is this is a stacked lineup.
  And I love that what brought this this awesome group together  is discussing Steven Spielberg's submarine restaurant.
  Dive for me genuinely a huge topic.
  Like what I've been I've certainly been looking forward to for a long time.
  Every once in a while on the social media, somebody will say they got to do dive.
  And I like point to it as much as I can.
  Yes, we do.
  Maybe we should build an entire month around dive is what we should do.
  And here we are.
  We're submerging and and I can't wait.
  Yeah, this is I feel like we see this a lot.
  People really want to talk about this.
  And it feels it feels important in the like  90s era of these type of restaurants.
  Yeah, kind of the ultimate version of what we're talking about, where  celebrities can throw their their muscle and their money  and their hubris behind the idea that that seems a little risky.
  And in this case, very risky.
  I would say this is not a long life at all.
  Yeah.
 And there were grand plans for dive.
  Was it 60 restaurants?  Yes, that's right, Michael.
  60.
 We're going to open 60.
  They wanted 60 dive restaurants around the world.
  And they got to two.
  They made it to two just further than which one is.
  They almost opened one in Barcelona, I think.
  I was trying to figure it out because I saw a logo for one,  but that did not come to pass.
  I found a few references online.
  People think that it did exist, but I don't think it did.
  But that, I guess, was number three.
  Did it get like built and then taken over by someone?  They just like moved in and yes, it was seized by locals.
  Or was it like a sketchy fake?  Oh, maybe.
  Like I went to a weird Simpsons bar in Barcelona.
  It was definitely not authorized.
  What was what happened?  What was going on there?  Just like pictures of the Simpsons on the walls and stuff.
  So that dive was like the Austin Powers bar in Glendale.
  Maybe.
 Barcelona has no respect for IP law.
  I saw I went to the Wax Museum there.
  If you're ever in Barcelona, it's fantastic and has a Star Wars room  that E.
T.
 is just hanging out in.
  Well, but don't forget, E.
T.
  is a senator or there is a senator.
  Well, Senator Grebleibs is in the Imperial Senate.
  He's in a little one of those discs.
  Perfect.
 Grebleibs, of course, backwards for Spielberg.
  Backwards for it.
  Oh, boy.
 Things are falling.
  Senator Grebleibs.
  But we're yeah, we're so I'm excited to talk about Senator Grebleibs namesake.
  Even Spielberg.
  I mean, the I think one thing with these restaurants is it's often where  celebrities hit a wall, right?  Like they people who think they can achieve anything and have achieved  like this.
 This restaurant was opened at Spielberg's absolute peak.
  This was two.
  The restaurant opened two months after the Academy Awards,  where almost every award was won by either Jurassic Park or Schindler's List,  where he won best director for the first time.
  So like the highest.
  Did he plug the restaurant at all in the speeches and the Schindler's List speech?  It was a really solemn.
  He was wearing a shirt that said live on the stage.
  Do you remember, Beverly, wasn't his Oscar speech  This is a cool drink of water after a long drought or something like that.
  And maybe he was referring to the water outside of dive.
  Oh, yeah.
  Are you trying to subliminally just make us think of water in the air?  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  So he made a subliminal advertising effort and yet it wasn't quite enough.
  Although I sense that this is a place that was like hot for for a minute.
  I don't know.
  Did they say Candice Bergen ate there once?  I had an article I read.
  Yeah, I have a list of celebs that people magazine spotted.
  Let's hear it.
  I was there.
 Henry Winkler, Pierce Brosnan, Tom Hanks, Rob Reiner,  Candice Bergen, Warren Beatty, the Olsen twins and Michael Keaton.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 A-listers.
  It really is crazy that like all these people would eat subs and what?  Yes, that is an important thing we have not gotten to yet.
  The concept was gourmet subs sandwiches.
  Expensive sit down subs sandwiches.
  Yeah.
 Can I read the quote?  Did you guys find the quote by this dude who worked?  What? What the California Pizza Kitchen did for pizza?  We want to do for the submarine sandwich, which I was just saying, I ask,  what did California Pizza Kitchen do?  I looked it up.
 They put barbecue chicken on it.
  That's right.
 That was their big thing.
  They stole the idea of doing that from a place, I think, in the Tahunga  village.
 From Coyote.
  Well, Chef Ledoux, yeah, I believe was the one who taught Wolfgang  Puck how to make pizzas.
  And then he was the executive chef at California Pizza Kitchen.
  And then Coyote is his little like retirement, you know, cafe restaurant.
  Oh, I see.
 In 1985, Ed Ledoux told the L.
A.
 Times,  We are at the threshold of a new epoch in pizza dining,  an epoch that will transform convention into invention  and open up an infinite spectrum of pizza possibilities.
  And when I worked there in the 90s, in the training video  that you had to watch to work there, the two owners said,  I remember very vividly, they said, we are the Pied Pipers of pizza.
  Something you always want to be like, who is it who called himself  the Pied Piper of R&B?  Oh, yeah, R.
 Kelly.
  I guess if that did make pizza something people would go  and sit down with their families, it just seems so unlikely for that  to happen with sub sandwiches, which are just like  there's just something about eating a sub, but you have to like hold it  with both hands and like like gnash it like gnaw into it.
  It's just like it doesn't look good to eat a sub.
  It's not like you don't want to go on a date and like chomp on subs.
  Like, yeah, glamorous to eat.
  Yeah, yeah, for sure.
  It's like what happened, go.
  Yeah, yeah, construction site construction worker.
  Yeah, yeah.
 On the top of a half built building.
  That's what the theme should have been.
 Yeah.
  Up on a car.
  We're carbs on the way out as well.
  I feel like in this era, like we were transitioning from  carbo loading to like no carbs for anyone.
  I feel like low fat was still low fat and like sugar was OK, but fat was bad.
  So and these are really they were really bready.
  So no matter where things were at in terms of bread and the conversation,  it's they were like they're really bread forward.
  Here's a here's a like a promotional picture.
  And I know this is just the like very saturated film of the time.
  But this is another instance where I'm going to refer to this  all looking as looking like disgusting food.
  I mean, well documented.
  I like garbage, but like there's so many details about this place  and the menu where I'm just like, oh, man, I don't want to eat that.
  But imagining Warren Beatty chowing down on the nuclear Sicilian sub Rosa,  I like that.
  Also, just every time we say sub, like because I'm the thing, it says like  dive into a fleet of gourmet submarine sandwiches and then all caps at the SUV.
  Substantial salads.
  I always read it as sub standard.
  Wait, yes.
  So it's below.
  Yeah, I know it also means submarine, but just there's so many words.
  Yes, subpar.
  So like, so did you read?  You guys read about the genesis of this restaurant?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The origin story with Spielberg and the other person who we have not brought in.
  Yes, Senator Greb Niztack.
  Also known as Jeffrey Katz.
  What is Jeffrey Katzenberg?  Senator Grezmick tacked the character he later put in Shrek.
  But he, of course, Jeffrey Katzenberg,  at the time, or maybe about to be or on the way of being  Spielberg's partner in DreamWorks.
  And maybe they were they were maybe they were sowing the dream, perhaps together.
  Maybe they were like brainstorming what the opening logo should be.
  Yeah.
 It's like a kid sitting on a moon chomping on a sub.
  Was Katzenberg like coming out of Disney at the time?  Yeah, that would have been around, like when he's like.
  So he feels like he knows themed environments real good, right?  Yeah.
 And I  God, there's so much there's so many things.
  I keep thinking like five things to bring up.
  Probably my I think the best find I found out about this restaurant.
  There is you can find a video online because again, this is a themed restaurant  like a planned Hollywood style restaurant.
  There's a lot of bells and whistles to it.
  There's a video online on someone's like portfolio  YouTube page of the kooky video montage that would play this restaurant.
  Every 45 minutes, every 45 minutes,  Zagat Zagat referred to this restaurant as like eating  so many bells and whistles.
  It's like eating in a pinball machine.
  So there is this very 90s, like super sped up  dive footage of like people jumping from high high dives.
  And then like the camera coming out of a hot tub and there's like a sexy lady.
  The end credit on this says produced by Bob Weiss Design Island.
  If that name rings a bell, Bob Weiss is the outgoing president of Walt Disney  Imagineering.
  Whoa.
 He oversaw MGM, Disney, MGM Studios.
 Yeah.
  He left Disney Imagineering after overseeing the failed  Disney's America project and then came back to oversee the redo of California Adventure.
  So in the middle there, he started his own design company  and apparently helped produce some media materials for Dive.
  Yeah, yeah.
 There's like there's universal royalty in this as well.
  Like it's it is a really stacked lineup.
  But to take it back to the origin, to the  the two the two fathers of dive.
  I mean, well, feel free to tell it Jason.
  I think this was like a New York Times article or an LA Times article.
  But something there, there Spielberg invited Katzenberg to lunch at his office.
  To surprise him, Mr.
 Spielberg asked several assistants  to drive around Los Angeles and try to find the best submarine sandwiches.
  They came back with a dozen or so.
  Surprise.
 We're eating a dozen subs for lunch.
  As the two moguls began sampling them, they agreed  that the ingredients were too soggy and leathery jokingly.
  And then seriously, they began to wonder about opening a restaurant  to restore the credibility of submarine sandwiches  or take the food tastes and cravings of the 90s  with first rate breads and reinvent the sub sandwich.
  This was the quote Spielberg said the Sicilian sub should be wetter.
  So we came back with the idea of marinating the bread to make it juicier.
  That sounds terrible.
  It's like a French dip.
  That's like if you order a French dip wet.
  I like it.
 Actually, I do love a French dip wet.
  I do, but to do pre wet is kind of weird.
  I mean, they pre wet it at a Philippe.
  What about Jersey Mike?  Should be wetter.
  Just something describing it as.
 Yeah, that sounds awful.
  Jersey Mike says a wet.
  If you get a Mike's Way, it's wet.
  It's very like it's soaked.
  But I think they aren't calling it.
  Mike's Way is like a euphemism, right?  For what? You don't say get it the wet way.
  How what you want it here.
  Like how what you want it.
  Like they don't.
 Yeah, they don't say wet.
  That's oil and vinegar on the inside.
  That's different than dipping it into a bowl of oil and vinegar  and then cutting it and looting it up.
  OK, that's true.
 Yeah.
  And yet, I mean, you shouldn't besmirch these people so much  because the people then who they partnered with from the restaurant industry  said Stephen and Jeffrey have world class taste buds.
  Yes.
 So how could they be wrong?  Are you referring to Larry Levy?  Larry Levy.
 Yeah, he's the guy who quoted was the California Pizza  Kitchen quote I quoted earlier.
 OK, OK.
  So the yeah, the Levy's are who they came to to bring this mission to life.
  The mission of I'm sorry, what was it?  Restoring the credibility of soggy subs.
  They needed pros to do this.
  And they went to this company, the company, the Levy Group,  who still operate restaurants in Disney World.
  And I've never really put this together that really the pre dive.
  It's something that we talked about on the show a long time ago.
  Would have come up in Pleasure Island with Paul Scheer.
  And I know we talked about it, but now I'm feeling like we didn't talk  about it enough or meditate on it enough because what probably the, you know,  if a place that's going to do a submarine, that's two stories  and exploding with life and sounds and videos,  they had to get their feet wet somewhere.
  And they did it with a restaurant called the Fireworks Factory,  which was in Pleasure Island in Disney World.
  The fireworks factory.
  I mean, do you guys recall hearing about this?  It was like a the idea was that it was a restored fireworks  factory that was still very singed and bricks were loose everywhere.
  I mean, first of all, I don't are there fireworks factories in reality?  I guess they got to be made somewhere.
  Yeah, there are.
  Oh, yeah.
 Looking this up.
 Yeah.
  Oh, OK.
 So so there are a lot of disasters  throughout history when they explode.
 Yeah.
  So a place you want to hang out and do fast casual dining.
  Would it blow up like every 45 minutes, like dive would dive?  I'm not sure about that, but it looks it seems like it's set up for that.
  Like the lighting.
  There's bells and whistles.
  And if I'm remembering correctly, one of the details was like,  you know, the is it what's it called?  Is it a one way mirror or a two way mirror?  Like, you know, on cop shows and stuff.
  Two way.
 Yeah, two way glass.
  I think so behind the bar, there's what looks like a mirror.
  And that is the men's room at the urinals.
  That's you can look into the bar, but they can't see you dive.
  In the fire factory.
  I think I've also had weird urinals.
  Did you read about that?  No, I don't know about there.
  Well, much like because I when we did Hard Rock Park, they also had weird urinals.
  Like that's such a they're all your topics.
  The urinals were hooked to a giant to giant clear cylinder tubes  that would blast water around when you flushed.
  Huh? They would do like a water show when you flushed the urinals.
  Well, why all these people that have these like  like ill fated ideas for themed entertainment are always like,  we got to put a lot of money in the urinal experience.
  Would you like yell?  Would your pee go up in the pneumatic tube?  Yeah.
 You watch it go.
  So you have to make sure you like register your level of hydration or not  so that you know already.
  I know that pee that's going through right now is exactly how dehydrated my pee was.
  It's extra yellow.
  Wow.
 Look at it go.
  What a show.
  The two way mirror is to spy on your girlfriend while you're like,  like, I'm going to the bathroom.
  Don't don't like flirt with the waiter.
  And then you're like watching her while you're peeing  and you're just like, she's going to flirt with the waiter.
  I know it angrily peeing.
  I can she doesn't know I can see her.
  I'm going to not talk to that guy.
  She's laughing a little too hard.
  You're like, I got to go get out there.
  Oh, but I'm not done.
  I want to see my pee.
  I want to wave goodbye to my pee.
  I got to watch the show first.
  You bitch shit.
  Yeah.
  I was able to confirm it was indeed the fireworks factory  had the one way mirror above the urinals on a website.
  Huh? Just a regular mirror.
  Oh, no.
 Sorry.
  I miss both.
  Two way.
 No, wait.
 Yeah.
  Two way.
 Yeah.
  Whatever the term is.
  I found it on a website.
  It's called Save Pleasure Island.
  We must preserve things like this.
  Preserve.
 Yeah.
  Real quick.
  I learned this from watching a Mr.
  Moro video yesterday.
  There's still like thematic narratives around Disney Springs.
  Did you know this?  Still backstories stories.
  Every building is like a reclaimed.
  I didn't know this.
  There's like a bottling like a fake.
  It's a fake bottling factory.
  That's a bar that kept this alive.
  But if you want to go to a Talbot's, yeah.
  You know that it used to be a place where crayons were made.
  Yeah, it's it's like Pleasure Island, but it's like all the explanations  are like much more boring.
  It's like, oh, yeah, this bar used to.
  We used to make bottles here.
  Really? No.
  Oh, why do you lie about that?  It's fun.
  Is it? Yes, it's good.
  We like it.
  Well, that's a big step down from the backstory of the fireworks factory,  which is that, of course, it was all under then Joe Rody,  I think, responsible for all of these.
  Merryweather Pleasure  was responsible for all of Pleasure Island and rehabilitating these facilities.
  And so the backstory for first factory  is that Merryweather Pleasure persuaded in 1922, persuaded China's  premier fireworks inventor to emigrate to Orlando.
  Who was the premier fireworks inventor?  Why the Bang Master?  Oh, OK.
 Bang Master.
  Come do your experiments here.
  Well, I recommend people look up Google, the phrase fireworks factory,  see pictures of that long gone restaurant.
  I can't say I recommend people Google the Bang Master.
  Do you think it's odd that a guy named Merryweather Pleasure  also had a relationship with the Bang Master?  Great summit between Mr.
 Pleasure and the Bang Master.
  Geez, Joe Rody.
  So anyway, just there's so much similar  in terms of like a kind of ludicrous theme, two stories, like massive facility,  burnt out pretty quickly, crazy themed cocktails and stuff.
  But the other thing is, I think in terms of design and scope  and it feeling very high end 90s theme parky,  I think all of these places kind of pulled it off.
  Like pictures of the fireworks factory look awesome.
  I love to go there and pictures of dive.
  I mean, the food doesn't look so great that you were showing us, Jason.
  But like the interiors, though.
  Yeah, are awesome.
 I think so.
  That was my big takeaway after looking this stuff up.
  I was like, as much as we're, you know, goofing on it or whatever, I  I'm really sad that there's not more stuff like this in the world,  just stupid themed things that you go and eat in a submarine or like.
  Yeah.
 It as as the physical world has kind of faded.
  I just miss everything.
  Yeah.
 How much would you love to go to dive right now?  And especially whatever in the magical alternate universe  where dive survived still in an optimistic view.
  There's like seven people in there at any given time.
  And like, how great would it be to go to an empty two story  facility where every single surface is themed?  Like everything's got weird little bolts or curved steel or holes in it.
  I mean, it's like everything's custom and cool in the place, I feel like.
  It seems like they miss.
  They screwed up.
 It should be a tiki restaurant, right?  That's what you would eat in a submarine.
  Like you mean like taco.
  You're saying like it would have a different like a Polynesian kind of.
  I thought it was Spielberg's love of the sea.
  And then they're like, well, sub and subs.
  But no, it was the genesis of it was Spielberg and Katzenberg being like,  we got to make a sub sandwich restaurant.
  Like seafood or backwards.
  Yeah, you should eat the food that's named after the thing you're in.
  Like that's the weird thinking.
  That's like the like that's the flaw in the like immersive theming.
  Yeah, there's so many awful puns on the promotional materials, the menus,  the media coverage really went wild with like the sub and like,  you know, die, you know, those kinds of puns.
  Well, then it's weird that it yet came out of this sub thing.
  And they're trying to, you know, make people excited about subs again.
  But then the then it's called dive exclamation point,  which lends itself more to what Eva's saying, where it's like a that  that you think of a dive bar, right?  Like, were they kind of playing with that too?  But it's not the opposite of a dive bar.
  Yeah.
 Massive and sprawling and expensive.
  Well, I'm trying to think of is there like how they did with the Avatar land  where basically, you know, they were trying to make the food seem alien.
  So basically all they did was like pick something that like your dad  has not had ever before, like a poke bowl or something.
  And they're like, look at this thing from fucking Pandora.
  Dad, huh?  This is alien food.
 Alien food.
  Like, I don't know if anyone  for Mark, Tom, the hell of a synthetic alien food anywhere in America.
  It's like noodles that you don't can't get at the grocery store.
  Yeah.
 So it's like, I don't even know if there was a  was there any restaurant that was doing like kind of that thing  where they would just like repurpose some food and make it act like  it might look maybe diet a color.
  Trying to think now.
  Yeah, I don't think I can't think of one.
  It's just yeah, because you could do like they should have done.
  I mean, this is looked I wish this was all Sequest DSV themed also.
  Because this gets mentioned that that's right around that time.
  It's right around the time Spielberg is he's got dive mania.
  He wants everything underwater.
  His TV show that was like a star truck underwater, but it was in the future.
  So they could have done an episode where their submarine  encountered like the future version of the dive restaurant,  which was on a real sub and just people are eating and they like go  and they sample all the menu items.
  And yeah, and then like, yeah.
  Dolphin watches people eat dolphin.
  Registered his his feelings about that, and then they have to talk to him.
  Yeah, they should have done that.
  Yeah, there was promotional material.
  Yes.
  My darling, do you do you think that the solution is leaning into Sequest DSV more  the runaway success of Sequest?  Well, some press releases were like Steven Spielberg has been  obsessed with deep sea diving from a very young age.
  And I was like, what? Since when? No, James Cameron.
  No, I don't know who you're talking about.
  Nope, it's Spielberg, I'm afraid.
  What Roy Scheider was in that show, right?  Yeah.
 And he was also in Jaws.
  Did they reference Jaws in that show that he's like, I hope there are no sharks this deep.
  Oh, my God.
 They must have.
 Right.
  It's an episode.
  He would turn to the camera and look right into camera.
  We're going to need a bigger sea.
  Jonathan Brand is too.
  Yes.
 Very good on Sequest.
  Yeah.
 So I don't know.
  I in my in my heart, I want it to be Sequest themed.
  But I understand why they didn't want to maybe I don't know.
  I was trying to say I was going to say they were going to tarnish one of the brands  with associating with the other, but I wasn't sure which one.
  I guess Sequest was on for a couple of years.
  So it might have made Sequest get canceled quicker.
  Yeah.
 What could have happened? Right.
  So submarine Sam, I just can't get my head around this.
  The worst combination of stuff.
  It's really crazy to be serving because I saw like  the picture Jason held up had like a blue drink.
  Like, it's like it's just it's just be eating some like fried  shrimps and some little ribs.
  Yeah.
 And some drinking some blue drinks in the submarine.
  And then eventually they did like spruce up the menu a little and add like the most more.
  I mean, this is all this the era of like TGI Fridays and Ruby Tuesdays.
  They're at their height and stuff.
  So it's all like upscale bar food was the thing that's that mention of like  very good bread.
  I think in the 80s and 90s, like La Brea Bakery was so huge,  like made such a big impression and for both the bakery itself  and then supplying a lot of L.
A.
 restaurants.
  So I think that that all was just in the air.
  It's like, yeah, people might have still been eating quite a lot of bread.
  We want the breadiest shit.
  Much bread.
  What they're down is something wet bread,  sopping bread and then and then sop up more with a blue,  a giant blue drink.
  That's the combo that doesn't add up to me.
  And doesn't that that photo, Jason, also have a sigh?  I feel like they would come with fries, but then there's also like a weird like  like chicken salad looking thing.
  Oh, there is a salad, a substantial salad.
  It's the fries with the dipping sauces, one of which was pesto cream.
  And I think I've had that before, but just the phrase maybe gag.
  Like the cocktail menu there,  I couldn't find a good scan of the full sub menu.
  I kept finding one that was cut off.
  I have something, I think.
 Yeah, yeah.
  OK, are you going to go?  Yeah, sure.
 Let's see.
  Polaris punch, a refreshing blend of smirnoff, vodka, fruit juice and lemonade.
  Oh, no, this is the one I did.
 The cocktail menu I found.
  Oh, OK, OK.
 Oh, sure, sure.
  Throw out one throw out ones you dig.
  Well, the one that sticks out to me, I keep reading.
  I can't find mine.
  And the let's see, tropical torpedo, peach daiquiri and pina colada  with a burst of peach schnapps, Picardy dark rum, Midori melon liquor  blended with fruit juices.
  I mean, I hate all of that.
  These are all I don't want.
  I want as little juice as possible, I'd say.
  Quote on the drink menu.
  Down the hatch attributed to WC Field.
  I invent that.
  I'm sure he said that.
  I'm sure he said that.
  But I'm sure we've all said that in some form.
  And where does that fit into the theme?  I guess because a hatch on a submarine.
  Is that a thing on a submarine?  Yeah, hatch.
 Yeah, that's how you get in and out of it.
  Well, there you go.
  Did WC Field's drown?  How did he die?  Why? Why do they call it sea level drinks spelled S E E?  There's a lot of that on the menu.
  The sea, S E E, like you got to see dive.
  You got to see these level drinks.
  You got to see them.
  There's a lot of like sub stuff and then it's called dive.
  But then there's like the kind of the tagline of it is deep sea experience.
  And sea is spelled S E E.
  Why? I don't know.
  And there's periods after all of those.
  Right.
 End of sentence deep and sea and experience.
  Oh, I see.
 It's like but it does it doesn't make sense.
  But it would be like sea here experience.
  It's like you do these things at dive, but deep is not a thing you can do.
  It's not a verb.
  So it kind of works as its own sentence, but deep does not.
  Deep, you know, go deep.
  Yeah, yeah, well, that works.
  But you can't just say deep.
  But deep sea is a phrase.
  Sea experience is not.
  I've had a sea experience.
  You can have a deep experience.
  Yeah, you wouldn't be like a deep.
  You don't have a sea.
  You wouldn't call it a deep visual experience.
  You can say sea.
  Yeah, there are definite.
  You see the definitions, though.
  I have the definition of the word.
  There's codes on the menu for these three words.
  Oh, yeah.
  So deep means a mind state excluding matters of irrelevance.
  Sea means visual sensory stimulus or a sustained flash of understanding  and experience.
  You know, it doesn't.
  What do you mean?  Hold on.
 Hold on.
  One more.
 It's something experience, a fully awakened state of complete  sensory stimulus.
  Now it sounds like a fucking cult.
  I can almost guarantee you, Jeffrey Katzenberg wrote this  just from like studying his crazy brain.
  And like there's so much his life, there's so much stuff that just like kind of  makes no sense that he just like gets an idea.
  And sometimes it really works and sometimes it really doesn't.
  But like this all has that ring to it of that like logic that's just like what  what brain came up with this?  It doesn't really make sense.
  The gallons and gallons of diet,  cokey drinks just destroying his cerebral cortex.
  He's a diet coke guy.
  Oh, he's a diet.
  There's multiple diet coke stories in the Disney War Book.
  Wow.
  And like breakfast, multiple breakfasts.
  Did he have breakfast at dive three times a day?  Oh, he does.
  He do that now.
  He's a multi.
  He's a diet coke guy, a multi breakfast guy.
  And if the Quibi offices are to be believed, a big jars of candy.
  So many jars there.
  Yeah, he's a treat boy.
  Well, that's what's wrong with that.
  Do you think he had P.
A.
's go and get like takeout from dive every day  for his meal, maybe put money back into the business?  Yeah, people.
  The story that sticks out to me when he needed somewhere to lie low,  but didn't want to go too far from his Burbank office, he had someone meet him  at the restaurant at Providence St.
  Joe's Hospital.
  Across the street, maybe at the cafe in the hospital that Walt died in.
  So he's a hospital food guy, too.
  Yeah.
 And all of this taste came together to start a restaurant.
  Wow.
 There's no rumor that can be started if you're spotted in a hospital cafeteria.
  Very powerful, famous man.
  That's definitely where you want to quote, lie low.
  He might have been it might have been he might have been in the middle  of the lawsuit and he needed Frank Well, or he needed someone from the lot,  but he couldn't get back on the lot.
  So he's like, meet me in the hospital across the street.
  I think Katzenberg's dying.
  Or he went to kill a rifle.
  Maybe he was a syringe in somebody's neck.
  There's two things on the cocktail menu that stand out.
  The ocean motion margarita.
  The description says, oh, it's blue.
  Our special recipe uses only the best.
  Jose Cuero at Aquila with a splash of blue curacao.
  Oh, it's blue is what Mike says any time he orders any drink.
  I think Scott says boo, it's blue.
  Well, yeah, when we had to drink from the big bucket at Tall at the Moon,  you got a big blue bucket.
  Disgusting.
  The other thing of note on the cocktail menu to me, the two tone torpedo,  a blend of any of the above frozen drinks.
  The captain's favorite is our ocean blue margarita layered with Polaris punch.
  Hang on.
 So these we've been reading these recipes that all have seven ingredients.
  And then the final drink is just throw in two of them together.
  Any two.
  You have a suicide of just all the all the shit.
  Now, I'll tell you from personal experience, I once ordered at a bar  a drink that was half pina colada and half strawberry daiquiri.
  And that was a classic stomach ache.
  Previous stomach ache.
  That's called a lava flow.
 That is an existing drink.
 Yes.
  So I can't recommend that.
  But right above the two tone torpedo is a drink called the Antarctic cappuccino,  which is all coffee liqueurs.
  So you got to think that some lunatic was there.
  And he's like, give me the frozen lemonade with the cappuccino.
  Mix them up for me.
  Let me say this really quick.
  One thing we haven't said is where this this location was.
  It was in the Century City Mall.
  Like on the same level, there's a big AMC over there.
  If people might know it, if you're in L.
A.
,  hopefully it's a place you avoid if you're in L.
A.
  It's like the worst parking scenario, maybe of any mall around here.
  But I I went I definitely went when I was a kid.
  I remember my dad taking me and my sister.
  And I just saw my dad and asked if he had any memories.
  I said, because you took me there, right?  He said, yeah, I went there with you guys.
  And then I went there with George.
 George what?  And George is a really like super drunk friend of my dad.
  And I said, wait, you went to you went to this crazy restaurant without your kids.
  And he said, yeah, I was working out in Century City.
  And I met George because I'd loaned him a bunch of money  for a business that went south.
  He was paying me back for my she managed to get money to pay me back.
  So I all right, here you go, Kent.
  I started didn't work out.
  Hey, shots on me.
 Right.
  And my dad did a bunch of shots at the dive bar at the dive bar.
  And he was on the clock.
 He was working.
  He had like a plate, like a like some formal conference room thing to go do.
  And he showed up an hour late and super drunk  because he's doing shots at the dive bar.
  Liquid lunch, baby, liquid lunch and dive.
  George said, did you did you like you're not a shots person, are you?  He said, no, never.
  So one of the only places my dad ever did shots in his life  was dive.
 I got to say, pretty proud of my dad.
  Drunk at work because of like and with like if he was there for two hours,  I might have been enough times for to get three dives.
  Yeah, you saw three dives.
 Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
 And we have we actually does everyone that we haven't really talked  about exactly what would happen every 45 minutes.
  We should talk.
 Yeah.
 I have a video also, if you want.
  But should we say a little bit and then and then experience the video  from in the restaurant or the.
 Yes.
  What Jason is referring to that video.
  I watched that video.
 That video is crazy.
  Yeah, I wrote.
  I watched very similar to like the Nickelodeon promos  where it was just old stock footage sped up.
  There's a lot of stock footage that has nothing to do with submarines  or diving or anything that it's just like that.
  Yeah, that 90s like I wrote lots of screaming alarms, panic stock footage  that has nothing to do with subs ends with surf and safari.
  Yes, there's there's another one that I only saw this describe it and watch it.
  There's only this one documented, but like this one, like it was always that  this the submarine because OK, so just to paint this all over the restaurant,  our video screen, so many like next to almost every table  is a separate video screen with porthole stuff in front of it.
  And then a giant video wall, which is wonderful, with a big  Panasonic logo on it.
  And I remember this.
 Yeah, it happened a lot.
  This the dive.
  My memory of it going as a kid, all I can remember is like dive, dive, dive.
  Right.
 You hear a guy scream, dive, dive, dive  every 45 minutes and then just like,  like crazy sirens.
  Like the last thing you would want to happen in a restaurant.
  Oh, man, George has just has to stop apologizing.
  Your dad and George just quietly nod at each other.
  We were to be over.
  Sorry again about the business.
  Sorry for picking this place.
  He's holding up like one moment.
  It's over.
 I'll keep it going.
  Keep talking.
 One second here.
  Hold that thought.
  Dive, dive, dive.
  George thinks it's just like his own emotional projection.
  Like he's the only one who can see it.
  He said no man has sunk lower than George.
  This might feel like I'm like I was hallucinating  at this restaurant was a submarine.
  I'm not doing too well.
  George ain't doing too good.
  George's business, failed business, was another submarine restaurant.
  That must have really stung to do that meeting there.
  Yeah.
 So I just don't know what happened.
  I don't know why it didn't.
  Oh, wait a second.
  All right.
 Here's your shot.
  It's a layer of blue curacao, layer, half and half layer of cutty sark scotch.
  Good luck.
  Dive, dive, dive, dive.
  So this dive sequence that would play the idea is that like you're in a submarine,  but you're not on some set trajectory or any.
  There's no like place that you're heading.
  So it would always the submarine would always pop up in somewhere unexpected and kooky.
  I think it seems very inspired by the naked gun sequence  where there's the you're looking at the hood of the police car and the siren in front of it.
  And it's going in places that a car would not be like a water slide or Jurassic Park or whatever.
  Seems like completely maybe a rip off of that.
  Yeah.
 I might say so it was like it would pop up and then you're like in a jacuzzi  with a supermodel or something or like and they would try to do little puns out of what  like the song that played.
  So like it would surface some of you hear a voice say, Captain, what do you see?  And then it would play.
  I can see clearly now the rain is.
  Yeah.
 Did it ever provoke anything other than that?  Oh, yeah.
  Can't imagine.
  But you'd pause eating your fat, sopping wet sandwich to be like, oh,  damn it.
 Little little Tommy, finish your soft shell crab so you can get out of here.
  That is the menu.
  The sandwich menu.
 All the coverage emphasizes like.
  And of course, they have the classic Italian sub and turkey sub.
  But then they've got like a Southern fried chicken sub and a soft so shell crab sub  and a chicken fajita sub.
 And I'm like, no, I don't.
  I mean, that's what they mean with the CPK thing is like, yeah, here's like here's a Chinese one  and a Mexican one.
  They're covering genres within a food genre.
  Because one of the things that Spago when Wolfgang Puck started doing pizzas that was real big  was like a locks pizza was like a layer of cream cheese smoked salmon.
  They still have it.
 They'll deliver it to you on DoorDash right now.
  Whether you want it or not.
  If you open the app, it just comes.
  Let me just play the mania of this for a second.
  Just so so Eva gets to see it.
  Here's what.
 All right.
  So every 45 minutes, which we should do within the episode, let's just.
  It's like 45 minutes exactly.
 Whoa.
  It's crazy.
 45.
 All right, here we go.
  So there's something strange on the surface.
  Prepare the service.
 Clear the bridge.
  Clear the bridge.
 Clear the bridge.
  What the.
 Sir, what do you see?  Not certain, men.
 Let's head in for a closer look.
  The submarine was that was it was in a pool.
  Like a lady doing a foam roller, but in a hot tub.
  And then she starts knocking the periscope with the foam roller.
  And then they play other footage of people getting knocked around.
  Three stooges.
 This is like in a 60s movie when someone  takes bad LSD.
  And that's how you like show that Jack Nicholson is like  freaking out.
  And it's like very like, like unpleasant.
  Yeah, that was half of it.
  I didn't even make it halfway through the full video before wanting to bail.
  Yeah.
 And so that happened every 45 minutes in this place.
  Really loud, like cranked up.
  My dad also said, I remember it was dark.
  It's really dark in there, too.
  It must have been someone who loved the food and just hated all the  food.
  Like I had to get rid of the riff riff.
  Take a look at the the dive ghost kitchen or like dive has delivery  like during the like the first early months of 2020 pandemic,  where everyone's like, we do delivery now, like take out dive cocktails.
  They would have done Chuck E.
  Cheese, I feel like, and made up a fake name.
  Didn't you guys do you guys see that one of the Simpsons writers  said that they would get takeout from dive?  They made a list of like the top, like the top takeout in the 90s.
  And one of them was just like they really know because it's  a lot right there.
 Yeah.
  That's a really funny thing to do.
  You know, maybe.
 Yeah, that sounds familiar.
  OK, OK.
 Wow.
 That's pretty cool.
  Only eating it without the deep sea experience.
  Well, the Simpsons, I would I think it's not explicitly said,  but you have to think that the Simpsons  parodied this in a way with season finale, season nine.
  Natural Born Kissers is the episode.
  There is a restaurant that is a plane that they shake around like crazy.
  Like Homer and Marge are trying to have a romantic anniversary dinner.
  Grandpa drops out, so they need a sitter.
  And but then Barney used to say, no, we know a place.
  And they go to a place that's just a crowded airplane  where they come on the PA, say the Simpsons name wrong  and then shake the plane wildly and all the contents  of the overhead spill all over everybody.
  So I would have to think that is a parody.
  You just went to a plane restaurant in Palm Springs.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
  Air in the in the back of a liquor store in Palm Springs,  there's a airplane themed bar  that does a Saturday night like floor show with naughty stewardesses  where you crash at the end.
  Yeah.
 And I don't know, maybe.
  But I went I didn't want to sit and do it because it's Omicron.
  I didn't want to do a full indoor thing,  but I did go in and get a drink there.
  And it was really funny.
  It was just it was like you go through the back of this wine shop.
  You open a door and you're just in like a plane.
  And then they you sit in like uncomfortable plane seats.
  Do they like sing or like? Yeah, they they do.
  There's like music and they were warming up the like singing  when I was there.
 Wow.
  And and then you drink.
  They have like a brunch.
  They have like a bottomless mimosa brunch.
  Any other time, I would do the full thing.
  Yeah, but not not right now.
  But everybody go.
  Is it is it interesting to be on a fake plane?  I was so happy.
  I mean, I like I was just in bad themed environment.
  Like you look out the window and one of them had just Superman,  like Christopher Reeve, Superman flying at the plane.
  Oh, yeah.
 And the flying nun, you sent a picture with one of the Orioles.
  What a reference to Paul.
  Yeah.
 How many rows of seats on the fake plane?  Probably like 20.
  And some of them were facing each other.
  So, you know, there's like two with a little table in the middle.
  Right.
 They still were airplane seats.
  Yeah.
 So it was authentic.
  Yeah.
 Not comfortable.
  Oh, by the way, also, when you're picturing  George and his hard luck and with my dad doing shots,  this is all happening on the bar stools are torpedoes.
  They're like very industrial looking torpedoes with like a target top.
  Like the I don't know if it's a cushion or a hard top.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
  But is the your butthole is the missile  or it's where they launch their missile is pointing at.
  Yeah, great.
  I'll say this, if you're the dive is surprisingly well documented  and there's a great collection of like the the high end promotional pictures.
  Well, I thought you were talking about these books.
  I have these crazy coffee table books by Martin Pegler.
  Oh, it's called theme restaurant design.
  Well, that is called cafes and coffee shops.
  And these are these are wonderful.
  These were when I was really pining for crazy themed environments  in the darkest days of the pandemic.
  These books did a lot for me.
  Dive is on the cover of one of them.
  Vegas dive, which will move on to take a look if you want.
  I don't want to distract, but they're here for your perusing.
  My library is always open.
  But there's like, I mean, if when you light it right  and don't have any knuckleheads eaten in here, when it's just an empty restaurant,  it looks beautiful.
 Yeah.
  So if you buddy listeners, if you go to Twitter, the user Evan Collins,  we've mentioned him on the show before.
  He's very good at collecting these kinds of pictures and and themed  restaurants or design theme design, all kinds of design in one place.
  He has a great thread on dive where you can see all the interiors  and the disgusting food photo  and some of the like merchandise.
  I mean, the merchandise that that's a big thing that  there's a mental floss article they were speculating one of dives.
  One of the undoings, they say,  themed restaurants, some of them,  some restaurants were seeing 50 percent of the revenue  from the sales of like merchandise and stuff.
  But with dive in the first year of operation in California,  dive made just 15 percent of its gross sales on souvenirs.
  That's a big and we'll find this with other restaurants will do in this month  that it's so caked in that you have to be buying.
  In addition to your expensive meal, you have to be buying really expensive  merchandise in order to make this worth it, which I think it's all seemingly  ripping off the original long ago out of date notion that coming back  from the Hard Rock Cafe in London with a shirt is cool.
  But that stopped being cool when there's a thousand Hard Rock Cafes  and the restaurants bad planet Hollywood.
  There was kind of some like cache to the merch a little bit.
  But the dive logo, well, I like the the design of the place.
  The logo is bad, I feel.
  Anybody agree, disagree?  Thoughts on the logo? Yeah, it's very like nine.
  It's very 90s in like a bad way.
  Yeah, it's like a CD-ROM game.
 Yeah.
  Font and yes, you don't want merch of that, I don't think.
  I kind of want the merch.
  There's a little plush toy of a happy little submarine.
  Oh, oh, how much?  That's cute.
  Next to the sexy dive one piece bathing suit.
  There's you can get like a shirt on eBay for like 13 dollars  with just a little dive insignia.
  OK, OK.
 And there's a dive hat you can have for like 20 bucks.
  I wish George had been trying to pay your dad back and like merch.
  Yeah, it's a dive watch.
  That's pretty funny.
 It's a dive watch.
  Years from now, you hand this to your kids.
  This is their college fun right here.
  Please help me out, Kentie.
  You got to help hold George.
  Oh, I got to go to the bathroom.
  Did your dad wind up beating him up?  George goes to the bathroom, looks through the two way mirror,  watches your dad.
  See if your dad is mad at him.
  He's cutting a business deal with a new guy.
  They used to be me.
  I went to throw up, but then my urine splashed in my face  in a colorful display.
  For 50 dollars, you can get a dive polo shirt.
  Oh, and now.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I think it's like it's from the somebody in the UK has it.
  And it's it's you can buy it now.
  We're all going to end up with some dive cramps.
  I could buy it now and it was 56 dollars would go out of my account  and I would own a dive polo shirt.
  It's a good way to think about buying things.
  I wish I was I could conceptualize money that way more often.
  There's a brochure.
  I won't have it anymore.
  Yeah.
 You know what?  I will have this shirt.
  I don't want it to be replaced by this.
  There's I don't know if you guys saw this, too.
  Did you see? Did you have the dive gear?  Yeah.
 The list.
  Yeah.
 Of what you could buy.
 Yeah.
  No.
 Did you see this?  OK, so my phone hopefully won't die here.
  But you can see there's like shirts and hats and like bucket hats.
  And then I feel like Spielberg, I associate having like  I don't know how to I guess like a Letterman style jacket.
  You know, he would wear in the 90s, kind of like a putties,  eight ball jacket on Seinfeld.
  You could get like a dive Spielberg jacket.
  Oh, yeah.
 I want that.
 Yeah.
  That's a great jacket.
  That must have been so expensive.
  It looks like a couple of these different colors.
  That actually looks like a wrap present, like something  they give the crew of like a crew jacket.
  Oh, there's there's also like a sleeveless kind of  probably did when the restaurant wrapped.
  Did they get did they do full like taps  when they had to shut the restaurant down?  Did they do a full military?  Lower the mast.
  That's a funny way to gaslight your employees.
  It's like, wait, you mean we're all fired?  No, you know, restaurants wraps the Hollywood.
  We say that's a wrap showbiz.
  The funniest thing actually, though, is that you could buy a dive denim vest.
  Oh, cool.
  Huge dive logo on the back.
  That's my dad has a plan, an old planet Hollywood denim jacket  with the logo on the back.
  And I'm so jealous.
  It's a family heirloom.
  Dive saw you can save money on denim material by cutting the arms off.
  See, they were canny about some things.
  I found another unpleasant food thing I wanted to highlight.
  I don't think it would be awful to eat, but just the phrasing  of cold angel hair pasta with peppers, scallions and spicy sesame dressing.
  And like the biggest all caps.
  It just says cold angel hair pasta like guys do another pass on this weird menu.
  What is going on?  There's a non alcoholic drink that's like pina colada, strawberry  daiquiri and different chocolate add ins.
  And I was like, oh, too much.
  Yeah.
 What are bathyspheres?  OK, they have the I did look at up to the those circular submarine submersible.
  Yeah.
 Summary.
  It's like a name of a real practical like what is it?  What's the food version?  I couldn't figure that out.
 We don't know.
  We don't have an answer for that.
  Wait a minute.
  Those that that salad I was talking about comes in a weird little pod  that looks like they like put some big cabbage leaves together.
  And is that are those is that supposed to be the food version?  Like a little like hard to say.
  I think it's just a deep 90s ass bowl.
  Hmm.
 Am I am I crazy to think that it's that it is cabbage?  That that's like an edit.
  Like you could eat the side of that like a bread.
  I would believe that it might.
  Oh, maybe.
  Wait, I see something on a plate.
  Yeah, maybe bathyspheres are just bread bowls.
  Well, it might be.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
  So they are bread just in the bowl, just wet meat.
  Any sub is available in a bowl for can kill a bread bowl.
  Can we play a quick souvenir smackdown for how much  some of these items cost at the time?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  OK.
 Oh, back then.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  OK.
 OK.
 So there are.
  This will just be the jackets.
  We'll just talk about there are many versions of the jackets.
  OK, so how leather reversible bomber jacket?  How much do we think this cost back when this opened?  We start.
 Yeah, go Jason.
  Seventy dollars.
 Seventy dollars.
  Scott.
 120.
 120.
  Jason, I was going to say 79, 79 dollars, 200.
  Eva is correct.
  The answer is three hundred and twenty five dollars.
  My God.
  Wow.
 And then real quick, one more.
  The leather special edition bomber jacket.
  How much do we think that cost?  Well, a special edition, three fifty, three fifty.
  Scott got to go higher and jeez than three seventy three seventy.
  Six thousand dollars.
  Five hundred.
  Eva is 100 percent correct.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Five hundred dollars for the leather special edition dive jacket.
  You like that's the premier item.
  That's the most expensive item.
  The denim vest is forty five dollars.
  And then there's there's a couple of jackets are two hundred and fifty.
  And then just a regular denim jackets are seventy five and ninety five.
  This is like delusional Katzenberg signing off on stuff  nobody can afford.
  Like no wonder they weren't making any money from merch.
  Yeah, that's the level.
  And they have to be moving that level of stuff every day.
  Well, yeah, a lot of it.
  And now you were setting us up to talk about Las Vegas.
  The Las Vegas store was moving about, you know, it was 40 percent  of like money coming in, was coming from the store,  because that was in a high traffic area and they got like three thousand  guests a day.
 OK, so they are making the money.
  It's it's next to what's still there, the fashion show mall,  which the marketing on that was like the most luxurious shopping mall  Las Vegas has ever seen.
  And then, of course, in the 2000s, every casino built a shopping mall into it.
  So a little less shiny now.
  Yeah, that place sucks.
 It's awful.
  It was a good like exterior, though.
  Like now there was more.
  There's like a whole water scene and water jets shooting up.
  And they had to find a way to  to go big because it's Vegas.
  How do we get this thing cooking a little more?  How do we how do we submerge even deeper?  We got to get a creep involved.
  So it was not just Spielberg and Katzenberg.
  They rounded it out with Steve Wynn.
  Yeah, it is.
  It's got a photo picture that I had said has very sinister energy.
  And I think it's Steve Wynn's shittied grin.
  And the fact that he's just wearing a dive t-shirt like Steve Wynn  in a t-shirt is upsetting.
  Wait, so Steve Wynn, just to be clear, Steve Wynn's not involved with Hard Rock.
  He's not involved in Planet Hollywood.
  This is like his his swing.
  I think so other than his casinos.
  Yeah, I don't think he's been part of a separate, like not in his complex  shopping at this fucking bid to get, you know, one of these.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This this trend that is really big this year and assuredly will not collapse  by the end of this year.
  Steve's got to get a piece.
  I think he was involved in getting the fashion show mall off the ground.
  OK.
 Oh, OK.
  So it was kind of maybe part of a facility.
  If you don't know, Steve Wynn Mirage is him.
  Treasure Island is him.
  Bellagio is him.
  The Wynn and Encore.
  Yeah.
 Now, of course, no longer associated with any of those companies.
  Yeah.
 Due to his own insane behavior.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was trying to remember what it was, and I started looking and boy, it's bad.
  And boy, there's a lot of them over many days.
  And there's also his feud with Girls Gone Wild founder Joe Franklin.
  Oh, who do you root for in that one?  You tell me.
 He owns the Maltese Falcon.
  That's something I learned recently.
 Really?  Wow.
 So bizarre.
  He paid like three million dollars.
  The three million dollars for a McGuffin.
  I got it.
  I'm smart.
  The the best.
  I mean, I may be correct me if I'm wrong.
  Some of the best Steve Wynn media is him watching his old commercials on YouTube.
  I don't know if you guys have seen this.
  No, these are Scott knows.
  Yeah, we've talked about this.
  He goes over his old commercials like Frank Sinatra.
  And then he explains to you what it was like to work with Frank,  which is just he has nothing to say.
  There's nothing interesting to say.
  I mean, I think he's a great guy.
  I think he's a great guy.
  I think he's a great guy.
  I think he's a great guy.
  Nothing to say.
 There's nothing interesting to say.
  See, Frank was just Frank.
  Ah, Frank, classic Frank.
  And there's no real story.
  No, no story.
  But like the commercial was, you know, Frank's in the hotel room.
  And then he's like, hey, you and he's talking to Steve when he's like, hey,  can you get me some more towels?  And Steve Wynn and looks at the camera and goes towels.
  And then the logo for the hotel comes up and Steve's like a classic Frank.
  That was the hotel he opened that famously didn't have any towels.
  That was a gimmick of it.
  But these are all still probably online.
  Yeah, the the lawsuits section of his Wikipedia is so massive and including the  Girls Gone Wild guy where I didn't know the source of that that feud.
  But and I assumed Wynn was in the wrong.
  But I think it's I mean, I glazed over I'm sure Wynn is on the  it wins always in the wrong somewhere, I would imagine.
  But this involved like that guy, Joe, owed so much money to the hotel  that he wasn't paying.
  So they were suing him.
  And then he threatened in some media.
  He just said, I want Steve Wynn dead.
  I'm going to kill him.
  So then he got sued for that for a lot of money and they and  so he owed more money.
  And then he said it again and he got sued again.
  I think Steve Wynn though said he was going to bury Joe in the desert.
  Maybe one was a threat.
  Maybe there was a threat volley.
  Maybe it wasn't.
  I think Steve threatened to like Joe Pesci and casino him or something.
  I have to look that up.
  There was like five years where Joe Francis was really Joe Francis,  called him Joe Franklin, friendly, popular and powerful, not popular,  but just had so much power.
  Yes.
  When he was the bonda chat era.
  Videos with Snoop Dogg.
  Yeah, yes.
  Everyone loved him.
  Girls wanted to be on the thing.
  They put me in it.
  I want to be on TV with the word censored over my breast.
  I want to be a star.
  Steve Wynn, of course, when New Jersey legalized casino gambling  and Atlantic City was adding all the casinos, Steve Wynn was in a war  with the other casino magnet that eventually ran him out of town  for president Donald Trump once again.
  So that was another no matter who wins, we lose situation.
  But who they ended up kind of getting to be friends, seemingly.
  And in fact, it was Trump who told him to call the hotel, the Wynn.
  He was going to name the hotel after a Picasso.
  And Trump said, but ultimately, you're going to want your name in there.
  You got to put your name on there.
  And he did it.
  And Trump ended up being at Wynn's third wedding, a wedding.
  There was also a reunion of his partners in Dive, Spielberg and Katzenberg.
  And also Planet Hollywood, Sylvester Stallone, Clint Eastwood was the best man.
  Steve Wynn's best man at his third wedding.
  Brett Ratner was there.
  And disgraced junk bond trader Michael Milken, who also famously ate at Dive.
  It was a seemingly irregular dive.
  Yeah.
  So that must have been cool for everybody.
  It's like, boy, this wedding's like being back at the old place.
  Was George there?  George is parking cars.
  He crashed his second one.
  He fucked up Clint Eastwood's car.
  I'm so sorry.
  Steve Wynn, I believe a big Republican party booster, along with his casino founder  in the same part of the Las Vegas Strip, Sheldon Adelson,  now dead, one of the worst people in America, gave gobs and gobs to the Republican party and  bought the local newspaper and started to demand coverage changes, like really nasty stuff.
  That end of the Vegas Strip just has so many bizarre ghosts.
  Some of them are funny, like Dive, and some of them are not.
  Didn't he just die?  Sheldon Adelson, I believe last year or so, last two years.
  He got mad at Trump for being rude to him, and he yanked a bunch of funding  right before the election.
  It wasn't because of the stuff.
  It was because he was rude.
  He was rude.
  He put a hump on him or something.
  I found out that that guy, okay, Lin Wood, that crazy QAnon lawyer guy.
  He used to represent Steve Wynn at some point in time.
  And yeah, he's the most like Q-pilled guy.
  He just represented Kyle Rittenhouse and did a bad job.
  Kyle Rittenhouse hated him.
  Yeah, he kept Kyle Rittenhouse in prison longer for fundraising.
  They had all the money to pay my bail.
  They kept me in longer to raise more money, and then they kept that money.
  So this was Steve Wynn.
  Wait, was Steve Wynn's lawyer?  Well, it was once Steve Wynn's lawyer also represented Richard Jewell.
  And the falling out with Steve.
.
.
  Hang on.
  This is so twisted up.
  Apparently, he hates Steve Wynn now because Lin Wood was trying to get Trump  to give Richard Jewell the Medal of Freedom,  but posthumously he's been dead for a long time, and Steve Wynn talked him out of it.
  So now they hate each other.
  One other person Lin Wood represented is the Thai cave diver that Elon Musk called a pedophile.
  Lin Wood represented him in the trial to sue Elon Musk and fucked that up too.
  Oh, wow.
  What we're learning is the downfall, the arc of dive,  the downfall of dive mirrors the downfall of the American 20th century.
  Like dominates the theme restaurant industry craters in the late 90s, early 2000s, which.
.
.
  Many of the same players.
  This actually might be a good time to play.
  It could be like a painting like that famous diner where they're sitting in the corner,  but just dive and all of these like horrible people.
  Jayhawks or nighthawks.
  Michael Nolan, Katzenberg and George Keeling over.
  Oh, sorry.
  I was going to say there's an article in the Los Angeles Review Journal that talks about the  downfall of kind of like themed restaurants and ones like Rainforest Cafe and Hard Rock  that did manage to hang on.
  And of course they quote another recurring podcast ride villain, Tillman Fertitta,  CEO of Landry's, which owns the Hard Rock Cafe now.
  His scintillating quotes include,  People eat differently when they're on vacation and you have to know who your customer is and  then have the food.
  So great stuff as usual, Tillman.
  Otherwise, the paddle.
  The paddle going for your ass.
  Have the food where the food should be or else.
  Paddle, paddle.
  Here is it.
  If we're talking like aftermath, this is on a Las Vegas news site that was kind of  synopsizing what have they were showing footage from the opening when things were optimistic  and Steve Wynn and Katzenberg and Spielberg or Buddy.
  But I don't think Spielberg actually did public appearances for the LA  dive, at least not that I could find.
  So it was kind of crazy that he's so publicly.
  In some article, it said that they didn't really,  neither of them wanted to talk too publicly about it because they didn't want to create  the impression that it was their new full-time job.
  People didn't want people to think that Spielberg was making the subs at the restaurant.
  Roast beef and turkey up, table six.
  My investors are like, I thought you were a movie director.
  He's not working on Omistad at all.
  Was it that he came up with the wet sub restaurant and then he won an Oscar and he's like, oh shit.
  What am I doing?  I just made Schindler's List.
  I can't be associated with this stupid fucking restaurant.
  Like he thought people were going to think he's like Ronald McDonald now.
  Like I'm just the mascot for this.
  Dave Thomas.
  Yeah.
  He had agreed to be in the ads.
  That would have been so cool though if they had like merchandise with like a cartoon  Spielberg or like every restaurant, every dive would have a Spielberg going from table to table,  like checking in on you.
  Whole big mascot.
  And then like he asks you to describe your meal with the frame of the lens.
  Oh, that's good.
  Describe your perfect meal.
  Yeah.
  And what lens would you use to view it?  Yeah.
  Or if he comes over he goes, you guys ready to order yet?  And action.
  Then you order when he says action.
  Yeah.
  He flips the chair around and sits at the table with you.
  Oh man.
  Hello, I'm Steven Spielberg.
  I'm going to be brief.
  We don't have much time.
  The sub is sinking.
  Would you like any appateezers?  I'm always on the podcast.
  I'm always talking about, I wish there was a Michael Eisner, like a doll or a toy of some kind.
  There is an unlicensed Steven Spielberg one sixth scale toy that's called like director man.
  And it's made overseas and they don't, I don't know if they make it and I can't find it on eBay,  but you can find, Jason, my phone just died.
  Could you look up Steven Spielberg one sixth scale because I need this toy.
  Yeah.
  There's all these different companies overseas that make like licensed knockoffs essentially,  but they look so like they make a good daredevil toy and it's called lawyer man.
  And it's exactly, it looks like Charlie Cox from the Netflix show.
  And they have a Spielberg one.
  He comes with like accessories and like his hat.
  The hat?  His famous hat.
  And like, has it got, you know, the, the, the, maybe the megaphone and like the chair, I think as well.
  Wow.
  And I need this stupid thing.
 Did you find it?  Okay.
 I don't, I haven't found a full set, but on Ali express.
  Oh, I found it too.
 The head, the head sculpt, the Steven Spielberg head sculpt.
  How much, how much, how much?  $29.
  No, that's just the head.
  $29.
  I'll find a picture of it after this.
  Steven Spielberg's head for $29.
  $29.
  His, the jackets at the restaurant he made cost 500 and now his head is 29.
  I'm going to buy that.
  Yeah.
 You have things very, you have one of these of you already.
  It's really similar.
  Wow.
  Wow.
 Okay.
 So as, as we're wrapping up the stories of everybody, like what did the,  what did the dive team go on to do?  Here's this little clip from a Las Vegas news station.
  Yeah.
  Might take a sec.
  Wonky news site again.
  So where's dive today? It was the second location.
 The first had been in LA with plans to eventually  open about 60, but the intense atmosphere actually seemed to be too much stimulation for dining.
  LA closed in 1999 in Las Vegas.
 A couple of years later, there were no more.
  Steve Wynn opened a couple of more hotels, but was eventually forced out of the industry  amidst allegations of sexual harassment.
 Spielberg kept directing and Katzenberg  now runs a video streaming platform called QB.
  That's the company started after Quibi went under.
  Here's what we'll do.
 It's fine.
 It's fine.
 Everybody just moving it to QB.
  Does feel like a lot like we be, they feel so of a piece.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That still wasn't right.
 Also, it's the auto quib.
  It's a quibi, right? Even though it's spelled quit.
  I think it's for quick bites.
 Yeah.
  But it's, but, but that was the thing about it is that quick bites should be quibi.
  Right.
 It was a shortening of, of bite.
  Sounds like a dune race of people.
  There were some problems with that site.
 Yes.
 And with his submarine restaurant,  this might've been a clue or the clue long before that, that he said, cut the  song from Little Mermaid that saved the entire company.
  Part of your world.
 He's had so many, I need to,  I actually don't know very much about his life, but I was just reading the  Wiki of the original Toy Story movie.
 And that's also a very crazy winding story that almost wound  up, was almost falling apart.
 It was way over budget was almost killed a lot of times, but  he's a real character in there where I probably remember this one, but just read, read that.
  His opinions are fascinating considering what it became.
 I think all his notes were just like,  make Woody meaner.
  I mean, that's why it almost died is that he was so unpleasant and they got a lot of it out of  there.
 But when you do watch the first, because I'm watching these movies every day with my kid.
  Yeah, me too.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 We're both, we haven't both  met.
 Right.
 The world is so much more caustic than all the rest.
 Woody is like, is  still really hard edge.
 Well, there's that Wiki when you can.
 It's like he is we're just like,  well, he has to, he's obviously had a tremendous amount of success, but also, and it's probably  because of this quality of just like having a weird crazy idea that no one else had and then  just hanging onto it.
 And enough times it's like that worked.
 And then yeah, there are these other  times where it's like, no, that just seems so crazy and misguided.
 Yeah.
 Would not work.
  The, uh, what was the thing with the other name of quivy? There was going to be called  which is a term for expensive sushi.
 Yeah.
 Like little bunches of little  sushis that costs like $500.
 It costs as much as one special edition jacket.
  Something middle America could really relate to.
  Middle America, 19 year olds all know what Omakase is.
  Look, just go down to your local Omakase place in any town, USA.
 You'll get an idea.
  What are websites going to be? He needs to start an Omakase restaurant.
 I don't know what the theme  is of that, but I mean, if there's any other food that he's does, you know, dying to yeah.
  I'm sure he's still got a few tricks up his old sleeve.
 Right? We haven't heard the last  of Jeffrey Kassenberg.
 No way.
 Is there a dive cookbook or dive recipes published anywhere?  Cause CPK put out a cookbook around that time.
 CPK is a very successful chain.
  There is some, uh, I feel like I found some sauce that was determined good enough to try to  hold on to.
 Let me see if I can find it from a website, top secret recipes.
com.
  Oh yeah.
 There's like, that's like a, like copycat recipes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'd like to make a dive sub for dinner tonight.
 Um, the dive, uh, Sicilian sub rosa after mentioned,  there's a recipe for, um, there's, you can make dive carrot chips.
 You could make a dive brick  oven mushroom and Turkey.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Um, and that's, I mean, I don't know.
 Uh, uh, and then  s'mores dive s'more.
 They kind of just look like s'mores to me.
 I'll see how, how you make,  make it wet.
 You can just go to subway and buy something and soak it overnight.
  One thing we haven't, uh, I, I would like everyone to guess now how much to build the first, the dive  in, uh, Los Angeles, how much was the budget? Scott, you have a guess.
 I have this reference  Jason was like 9 million Eva.
 I'll say 10 million.
 I'm trying to remember.
 I saw a figure  and it was 7 million, but it was that which is Spielberg invested.
 I saw, I saw 7 million.
  I saw that was, I thought that was to build.
 Yeah.
 You probably right.
 But now, but I'm  now I'm seeing all separately that Vegas cost 15.
 Okay.
 So that seems to be, it would be more,  it would be less.
 You would think they did it once.
 I think they went a little harder on Vegas.
  They up the design on Vegas because it's got so much competition.
 Although some of the Vegas  pictures are very funny because it's still in that transitional period between old Vegas and  theme park Vegas.
 So you can see like the dirty old sign for the frontier casino in the background.
  Century city mall is cool.
 Now I like it.
 Am I, am I, uh, underrating it? Well, they have a lot of,  uh, uh, interesting Asian chain restaurants that don't exist to other places.
 Very good hot pot  place.
 There's a brand of a Colt ramen place that just opened.
 And they also have a, um,  what's the dumpling place we went to? Uh, didn't I find it? Yeah.
 They have a Dintay fun.
  Oh, yeah.
 He's there.
 Yeah.
 Maybe I'm being great.
 He is great.
 They have a container store there.
  Which I worked at when I was younger.
 So you gotta go and feel, feel the old gals.
 That's  right.
 The old GS 22.
 I don't know what your containers were called.
 I walk around and listen  to people planning clauses and I go, he's not doing it right.
 Um, does anyone know what,  like did the Vegas, I'm just picturing, did they, do they have to do a demolition of the Vegas  location? Presumably.
 Oh wow.
 I think I found demolition photos of the Hollywood one.
 I,  like, I think I have photos of just the frame and they've taken all the yellow off of it.
  They don't Vegas.
 I don't really know.
 They don't blow up small buildings.
  Do they? Oh, you're one of them.
 They just closed in Vegas.
 They have to implode it in slow motion.
  Dive, dive, implode, implode.
 We're going to close the Arby's.
 Let's load it up with explosives.
  The location of the Los Angeles one probably wasn't doing itself any favors because century  city is not like, yeah, it's a lot of offices and like talent agencies.
 Like it's not people like,  oh, we got to see the century city neighborhood.
 Sure.
 If anything, my memory of century city is  like, yeah, the parking situation is atrocious.
 Since they redid them all, it is like, uh, my  teen stepdaughter loves it.
 Like that's where she likes to go and hang out with her friends  because she can go shopping and see a movie and stuff.
 Okay.
 But, um, yeah, the parking's okay  there.
 I feel like it's bad.
 It's all got better.
 I just feel like, cause when I was in college at USC  around this time, which I think is when dive was open, but I never went, but we would go to that  movie theater a lot.
 And then everything at century city mall closed for like a decade.
  Like it was, it was always under construction.
 It was mostly gutted.
  Dead except for the movie theater.
  Except for the movie theater.
 So also like there's no, it was a really hostile environment to like,  it wasn't a good mall.
 Like there was, it was mostly just gone.
 Um, so I don't know.
  The dive site not filled.
 I don't think, I think there is nothing there currently.
  Oh, wow.
 Nobody could fill the shoes.
  There's no building.
 It's just, it's a lot.
  No, no, no.
 It's, it's an empty storefront.
 I think there's just no, there's no, cause it's massive.
  I think the two story is maybe the issue.
 Like there's, there's too many ideas going on here,  right? Like bringing back sub sandwiches is one, but a 300 seat, $15 million restaurant that has  entertainment and $500 merchandise.
 That's an entire other thing.
  We've complained about before about this Margaritaville at city walk because it's  not two stories, but maybe that maybe it not being two stories will allow it to exist longer.
  It ain't looking great.
  Wait, they haven't, they never opened that chocolate place that was going to go where the hard  rock.
 They haven't even started on it.
  They're working.
  I'm ready.
 Don't yell at me.
  I'm mad at them, not you.
  I'm mad at you too for bringing it up.
  I was excited.
 One of those in Florida, what is it called?  Professor Toothsome Chocolate Emporium.
  Savoury treat.
  Yeah.
  Chocolate Emporium Savoury Treat.
  They've got characters.
 They've got original characters.
  I know.
  I want to go to that.
  It smells disgusting inside.
  It smells like the M&M's store in Vegas.
  But you've been there.
  I got a Sunday to go at the Florida one and half the restaurant smells like chocolate and  the other half smells like.
  Plastic.
  Fries and plastic.
  It's just kind of an overwhelming sensory experience.
  They got sued by whoever owns Willy Wonka.
  Which is actually Netflix.
  Is that right?  Yeah.
 Netflix bought the Roald Dahl Extended Universe and they're going to be themed.
  Multiple shows.
  They're going to make a themed Willy Wonka environment they announced.
  A place?  A place.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 Well, that's a good idea.
  The official name the Toothsome Chocolate Emporium and Savoury Feast Kitchen.
  Who is what character?  What is the character Jacques?  Is Jacques the dog?  Jacques might be like the TikTok man.
  Like the gear man.
  Because there's like a steampunk robot gear man.
  But then there's also a dog.
  Oh my God.
  There's a dog and I can't remember the name of him already.
  The dog is the Boston Dynamics is it the company?  The dogs that they're like retrofitting to be police like digital police.
  The dog?  Yeah, it's like that black mirror like killer dog robot thing.
  The dog can either bring you a sundae in its mouth or murder you.
  But he has a cute name.
 Look up his cute name.
  Yeah.
  Oh man my phone died.
  How could you only get something to go from this place?  Well, it was crowded.
  When we were there it was crowded.
  We went up to the bar because that was the only place you couldn't even just like get a table.
  Wow.
  They have a bar?  Yeah, not surprised.
  You can do shots there.
  Wait, maybe there's hope for themed restaurants.
  I want to go to this place more than anything.
  Well, that's in Orlando and if either of you guys want to join us on a maybe Orlando adventure that  we're thinking about doing.
  Yeah, let me know.
  If the virus keeps not killing everybody.
  There'll be a window, there'll be like a week where there'll be like low level virus and we'll go,  we're doing it now.
  We've learned that's how it has to work.
  We have pounds now.
  If things are okay for three days, we act as if the world is literally,  we act as if the rapture is coming.
  Yep.
  Okay, the robot dog at Tucson Chocolate Factory is latte.
  Yes, latte.
  It is latte.
  So are we getting one of these in LA?  Yes.
  We are getting one of these in LA.
  In theory, but they haven't done anything yet.
  They've been closed for two years.
  This could save CityWalk as we know it.
  I'm telling you, there were surveyors up there standing in front of it.
  When I went off to get a COVID test where I got the results nine days later.
  These things aren't related.
  That classic CityWalk scene.
  The same people who were doing this test were surveying the old hard rock to put the retrofit  for the new Tucson.
  They put the chocolate swab in your nose.
  And then they had a like two o'clock shift to be Bob the minion in the park.
  There's so much.
  One more thing before we wind it down.
  We haven't talked about the periscope.
  There was a working periscope where you could actually spy on people on Santa Monica Boulevard.
  It actually did work and you could stare at a specific conversation for a while if you wanted to.
  That is the two-way mirror of dive.
  Yeah, a lot of voyeurs working at this restaurant.
  So they did have crazy urinals.
  Why do these people think that people just want to spy on people?  There's so much of that.
  You don't want to see what other people live like.
  Imagine yourself living their lives, wearing their clothes, living in their homes, you know, normal stuff.
  You got to make sure your partners and your business aren't talking smack about you.
  So you can you don't end up in a lawsuit.
  So sometimes you got to bug their office.
  This is how the Levi restaurant group does their business famously.
  So look, this is a crazy place.
  I guess here's a question because I like asking if and meditating on if do we think that the place  had the essence of the man and Katzenberg we know less about but Spielberg we know him.
  We know his movies so well.
  Do we think this is the ultimate iteration of a Spielberg restaurant?  Was it Spielberg enough?  I was thinking like, man, right now I'm like on a real Spielberg high because  West Side Story is so good.
  But fucking guy made Ready Player One.
  So my answer is yes.
  You call this equivalent to Ready Player One.
  Most Spielberg stuff in the last 20 years is like dive level.
  Dive has has BFG energy.
  Do you think dive caused an artistic dive?  Did it like make him distracted and he maybe could have sustained the Schindler's Jurassic  Peak for longer if he hadn't gotten into the business of soggy bread?  Didn't he make Saving Private Ryan?  He made a few good movies after that.
  It's a more convenient narrative that dive destroyed Steven Spielberg.
  Isn't that more fun?  That did become his full-time job in his own heart.
  He was doing too much dipping.
  We're out of bath this year.
  We need to put the New England Glam Jowder in something.
  We're out of bread bath this year.
  I feel like there's too much.
  There's too much tacky shit still to really feel like that quintessential 90s Spielberg.
  And I don't know, maybe he was led astray by certain people, certain operators,  where he thought, oh, that sounds like a fun idea.
  But he wasn't.
  I don't know.
  I think maybe he was spread too thin and he couldn't assess all the parts of the restaurant.
  I feel like look at the E.
T.
 ride.
  Look at other theme-y things he's done.
  I feel like he wasn't really involved in it.
  I don't know.
  This just feels like not something he spent a ton of time on.
  But what about Katzenberg?  In a way, I guess.
  No, it feels more Katzenberg than Spielberg to me.
  The timing works out where Katzenberg could have had early meetings with Siegfried and Roy  about Father of the Pride and taking them to Las Vegas Dive.
  Oh, you're right.
  It's really close to the Mirage.
  It's where they work.
  Do you think that's where it was born?  They workshopped ideas.
  I'm just saying it's not impossible.
  Jason's just asking questions.
  I'm just asking questions.
  I'm doing my own research.
  Like Lynn Wood.
  Yeah.
  Just asking questions.
  Siegfried.
  There was an old racist guy who worked in the bar.
  And the grandpa racist.
  And he could be in there.
  That's Sarmody.
  Oh, Sarmody.
  Yeah.
  That's our Sarmody.
  Our least favorite character in fiction.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  That's about it.
  Oh, no.
  Someone else ordered the cappuccino mixed with the punch again.
  So it is the Katzenberg of restaurants.
  We can maybe agree.
  I guess the final question is if it was around right now, LA or Vegas, would you go?  Would you be excited to go?  Yeah, of course.
  I'd go a lot.
  Yes.
  I'd go all the time.
  Yeah.
  God.
  If only we could leave here right now and all go do shots at that sitting on a torpedo.
  Sure.
  I would say real quick, we're like a plus it up.
  Everyone shared their ideas real quick, but I feel like maybe it was just what we were  talking about size too big.
  What if it was like a 25 seat place and it was like a real, it was like the sub on the  20,000 leagues ride at Disney and you ate in like a tiny little immersive area of experience.
  Would that be more, I mean, I think.
  Intimate.
  That's what I was thinking in terms of, yeah, like to bring more of what it's like on a real  submarine to the experience.
  I was, I actually did, I looked up some facts about life on a submarine.
  You basically, I mean, you go out for hundreds of days a year.
  Right.
  Very cramped.
  Life is divided into three, six hour segments.
  So there's no like days and nights.
  There's no sunlight.
  You sleep in coffin size racks in a manner they call hot racking,  which is three guys to every two beds.
  It's like the Star Wars hotel.
  I read an interview with Walter Lyon, who was a Navy diver and a fire control technician who said,  if the curtains rocking don't come a knocking, which was I think a reference to masturbation,  I don't know how this would have been incorporated in the restaurant.
  They should have allowed you to go have a casual sub there, but also rent it out as a jerk off motel.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Make sure to try the hot, you know, the hot cookie with ice cream afterwards.
  And that's the jack off rack.
  You're on a date and it's not going well where it is going well.
  That's a, they asked this guy, are there, this was like a military magazine website, Navy website.
  Are there any interesting submarine rituals?  He said, whenever you have a major accomplishment in the maritime community,  you have this big ceremony.
  Like when we cross the equator, we have a ceremony, which basically culminates in us singing songs,  crawling around on our bellies, swimming in urine and eating M&Ms out of a fat person's belly button.
  Typically the biggest fattest guy is dressed like a baby who wears a diaper and gets covered in  whipped cream, malt vinegar, mayonnaise and mustard.
  You gotta do what you gotta do to have some fun.
  So maybe something like that would have made the restaurant more fun.
  So like full on insanity, full on Sodom and Gomorrah level debauchery.
  You're mind rotting for being under the sea for too long.
  Going inside from cabin fever.
  This is an official Navy magazine.
  Yes.
  Very cool that many of these subs are armed with nuclear weapons.
  Very cool.
  Oh my goodness.
  So the, the, where they went wrong was that they had substantial desserts, but that you didn't whip,  lick whipped cream out of the belly of the heaviest person on your, in the restaurant,  of the 300 possible diners.
  I guess they would have to weigh everyone who came to eat there.
  It's George.
  That is what I recall about George.
  George passed away.
  And on that note, wow, Jason Waller, you survived podcast the ride, the first celebrity edition.
  It's an honor.
  Thank you so much.
  That was such a blast.
  Thank you for learning about dive, for coming in with research, for coming in with submarine  knowledge that we will never escape our brains.
  That'll haunt us forever.
  Let's exit through the really expensive gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Oh geez.
  No, no.
  A Mystica by Chris Angel.
  Previews beginning March 11th.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Check out wherever tickets are sold for a Mystica.
  Eva Anderson, you also survived podcast the ride, but you'll be back.
  I'll be back.
  You'll see me soon.
  There's more.
  Hear me soon.
  I'm more even to come.
  We're so happy about that.
  And as for all the celebrity happenings, find us on the socials at podcast, the ride  merch is available in our T public store, which I feel like we should jack up the cost  of just for this month.
  Can we get a lot to say you spent $600 on the usual on our regular shirt.
  But does T public, do they allow you to put our logo on a heavy leather jacket?  Like a leather bomber jacket with a Spielberg arms?  Like an eight ball.
  Yeah.
  Actually.
  We might move a lot of those.
  Purple and white, like, or why maybe white or like purple arms?  What do you think?  What color?  White.
  Usually the canvas part is white.
  Canvas or white.
  Arms are purple.
  Purple arms with a big logo on the back.
  Take the colors of one of the cocktails at dive and the colors of another one of the  cocktails that dive, split it down the middle and it's both seven different shades on each  half of the jacket.
  We should do that.
  God, I want that really bad.
  Just make one.
  And everybody can share and we, yeah, you're right.
  And we send it to a special fan who will then send it from fan to fan.
  That's sisterhood of the traveling pants scenario, if you will.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Everybody's going to feel so bonded by the end of that.
  That's beautiful.
  Okay.
  Well, we'll do that and find us on the second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast,  the ride where there's a bunch of celebrity fun.
  Yeah.
  Set your bar at Spielberg.
  Just calibrate it right there.
  And then just imagine not submerging like submarines going up, up, up.
  And that's who's coming next week on the second gate, bigger than Spielberg.
  Dream as big as you can dream.
  Get ready for it.
  Happy celebrity.
  Thanks for listening.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
