 Forever.
  Dog.
  Hello, Jabronis.
  Thank you for dining with us here at this professional wrestling themed restaurant.
  Get ready for a podcast menu filled with slam-widges, elbow drop macaroni, Superman fruit punch,  and our popular appetizer, king of the onion rings.
  All items are seasoned with moonsalt.
  That's a spice that gives the food a super kick.
  Matt Cardona joins us to talk pro wrestling themed restaurants on today's  celebratory edition of podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast, The Ride presents Celebruary, a podcast that believes a meal is not deemed  great by the ingredients, but by how embarrassing the name is to say to a waiter, my name is  Michael Carlson joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Either, either how embarrassing or how regular it is.
  Those are the two options.
  You mean like just saying hamburger, like a, like just without a fun name.
  Cause I'm talking about like Rudy Tootie, fresh and fruity, which is a great meal, but  it's a very embarrassing thing to say out loud to a, what are the waitstaff?  Yeah, yeah.
  It's, it's different than just saying all of the chicken sandwich versus all of the  broken finger sandwich.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  Scott Gardner, how do you feel on this topic?  Well, I mean, what I feel that you, you led exactly to what I was thinking at the top,  which is sometimes we talk for a while at the beginning and I was worried this time,  like, boy, if we do a lot of interest stuff, we're not going to be able to read every  single item on the menu of the WCW Nitro Grill.
  Yeah, that's basically if there's an attraction, obviously our guest is a big part of this  attraction, but also just reading the names on these menus is so exciting to us.
  And it's going to be something that everyone should be excited about.
  Let's bring him in because we don't have a second to waste here.
  This guy is a multi multi hyphenate.
  He's a Michael Jordan of action figure collecting.
  He's the death match king.
  He hosts the Major Wrestling Figure podcast, the MajorLand podcast, which is about theme  parks.
 You can see him wrestle in GCW, NWA, Impact Wrestling.
  He also sounds a lot like a ghost boy that haunts the American Dream Mall in New Jersey.
  And he's a very good friend of podcast.
  The ride is Matt Cardona, folks.
  What an intro.
 How about it very much.
  It's actually the Michael Jordan of wrestling.
  Oh, I shoot.
  I thought I had such a good I was like, this is the best intro I've ever written.
  And I was good.
 It was good.
  It was great.
  I know that I listen to that game game.
  I'm going to edit it out to make myself look smarter.
  Well, thanks for having me back on, guys.
  Of course.
 Thank you for doing this.
  Before we start real quick, there's a couple of things I have to address.
  I just want to congratulate you on the release of a fantastic action figure.
  Oh, yeah, I know.
  This is an audio podcast only.
  But of course, we'll show a picture, though.
  Oh, OK.
 Where does this go?  This doesn't go anywhere, right?  Does it go on your page on the video?  No video.
 Nobody gets it.
  We might do that.
  The bare minimum.
 OK.
  He's holding up my my super seven Mac Cardona figure.
  Which is right.
  I believe those are Michelangelo and Chucks.
  OK, yeah.
  So these are the same scale as the ninja turtles made by Super Seven.
  So your hand perfectly holds a nunchuck and many of the ninja turtles weapons,  which is very exciting to me.
  And I have you displayed being interviewed by April O'Neill.
  I like that.
  Now, are you going to get the the Disney Super Sevens,  which are also in the same universe?  So I'm in the same universe as Donatello, you know, Mickey Mouse.
  Yes.
 The Bart Simpson.
  There are so many different properties going to be in scale to you  and your co-host, Brian.
  It's pretty exciting.
 Prince John from Robin Hood.
  Like, there's all sorts of hijinks you're going to be able to get up to  on my display shelf.
  It's very exciting.
  I'm a little scared, but well,  am I going to fall in love with someone? Maybe.
  I'm already in love.
 I have a wife.
  I understand you have a great wife.
  But this is about to have a Pinocchio little puppet boy son.
  You're about to have a that's right.
  Fully articulated Super Seven Pinocchio.
  I'm going to have you holding I'm going to have Madden Pinocchio  holding hands, doing something cute.
  I don't know whether they make Pinocchio.
  Yeah, he's the first wave.
  He's coming out in the first wave.
  Does he have like interchangeable nose?  So different heads, multiple.
  Oh, I like you know what? That's great.
 I like that.
  Yeah.
 So say hello to your new son.
  I don't like I don't like the equating of sons in Pinocchio.
  I'm against this.
  You got to it's church and state.
 It's too creepy.
  Well, we still talk about podcasts, the right toys and I now  it feels like we need to get the same Super Seven scale  if we ever land on like what type of toys.
  So we can have Scott holding hands with Pinocchio as well.
  No, maybe a variant where Scott is dressed as Peter Pan.
  I don't know if you guys are all action figure guys, right?  Just Mike.
 I'm the only figure guy.
  Yeah, but Scott's got a lot of like I got a couple back there,  but it's nothing in good.
  I have every iteration of Rex that exists between the kids.
  You see, he's got the contemporary behind him.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's all it's a it's a spare amount of Disney related stuff.
  It was an old fan.
  Wow.
 No, it's not trash.
  I've been meaning to to donate.
  I said to a record yard.
  Yeah, no, it's a ho.
  It's the awesome hotel.
  You know it.
 It's the cool.
  And it lights up from the inside.
  You can send a monorail through it.
  It's my pride and joy, but it's not an action figure.
  So it's a contemporary never stayed.
  No, no, it's it's not the best to stay in.
  I don't think it's very not Disney.
  You know, I mean, you can walk to the Magic Kingdom.
  It has California Grill.
  But other than that, there's this.
  I want some Disney theming if I met the hotels, you know what I'm saying?  Yeah, I agree.
  And a lot of those 70s hotels, you can feel the size.
  You can feel like, boy, this is a little box.
  It might be a little like depressing to be here for a whole week.
  But then on the other hand, you got a lot of Disney theming  at those like art of animation.
  Yes.
 But I to me, I'm like, oh, this is too much.
  I don't want I'm sick of looking at this giant tramp.
  I've passed by this tramp all week.
  I want like the all star movies.
  You can swim in that outdated as fuck Mighty Ducks pool.
  Is that what they have there?  Well, yeah, it's great.
  Of the team or of the it must be of the team, I guess.
  Or the movie.
  It's got to be like the movie or maybe the cartoon either.
  Or it's outdated.
  Yeah, none of this is around now.
  Yeah, right.
 Right.
  Oh, weird.
  I mean, that's where I go next time.
  Like right mix of it.
  But real quick, too, I just want to mention how if the audience doesn't know  how dedicated the theme parks you are, Matt, you wrestled.
  And for the people who don't know, you wrestle what is called a death match.
  That's right.
 I'm the death match king.
  You're the death match king.
  You wrestled one and then you immediately became the king.
  That's right.
 And then I retired from death match wrestling.
  Which is perfect.
 Right.
  Honestly, that's the way to do it, because I watched the match.
  Stressed me out.
 It was great.
  But it stressed me out.
  And if people don't know, it's a violent match.
  It's a little gory.
  But you wrestle, I believe, on the East Coast and immediately within hours,  you were on the West Coast at Universal Studios.
  That's right.
 Really in banged up.
  So you were like, there's no way I'm canceling my trip.
  That's why you're not.
 Yeah.
  No, I flew cross country, did not sleep at these shows.
  There's no real doctor.
  So I use the term loosely.
  A nurse stitched me up, barely cleaned me off.
  There were no bandages.
 I took a shower.
  I then taped towels to my back and arm  because you're bleeding.
  It's bleeding.
 The blood would not stop.
  The blood would not stop.
  Yes.
 But I had to make it to my Disneyland and Universal trip that I planned.
  Yeah, this is dedication.
  The plan was I'll just fly there.
  I'll find like a gym, like an L.
A.
 fitness, use their shower,  and then I'll go to Universal.
 But I could not move.
  I was still bleeding.
  I said, I cannot.
  I cannot work out.
 I can't go to a gym.
  I need to find some sort of hotel and clean myself off.
  So I checked into that Universal Studios Hotel, which is pretty expensive,  but I needed to be like right there.
  I took a shower and I try to be cautious.
  I put towels over the comforter to take a nap.
  I needed a little nap and I just bled out all the way through to the  not quite the mattress, but the mattress cover all the way through.
  This is yeah, this is insane.
 Yeah.
  It was pretty gory.
  My fiance met me.
 She cleaned me up, bandaged me up, went to Universal,  did all the rides, then went to Disneyland, did all the right.
  It didn't hurt.
 It hurt doing these.
  Imagine the Matterhorn riding the Matterhorn with no injury.
  Yeah.
 But you have to do it right.
  Everything bumps you around the time.
  But, you know, I held up that GCW world title  in front of the castle of Disneyland.
 It's an iconic photo.
  It had to be done.
 It had to be done.
  It's I mean, this is kind of a rite of passage.
  If you go to Atlantic City, there's always a chance that that could happen.
  So you just kind of guaranteed  that that happened.
  Right.
 And I'm sure this this podcast could be a couple of weeks delay.
  So I don't want to spoil anything.
  And I don't want to predict the future.
  But if I win the NWA World's Heavyweight title this weekend,  I'm going right to France, right to Disneyland, Paris.
  And I will take a picture of the me in the title in front of the castle.
  Wow.
 Hell yeah.
  Hell yeah.
 That is awesome.
  But if I lose, then this means nothing.
  That's OK.
 It's a false promise.
  That's fair.
 But the intention is clear.
  That's right.
 So anytime, I mean, anytime you're holding a title  and you have a theme park trip, you are going to take a picture  with the belt in front of the what they call the weenie.
  The weenie is what they call like the icon of the park.
  That's why I didn't do this.
  This is an insider.
 I hate this phrase.
  I hate anytime weenie comes up.
  The way we term like it's not just the castle, but like Spaceship Earth  or the Chinese theater.
  And it's anything that's like the icon of the park.
  It draws you down to the center of the park, you know, like a weenie.
  Like for Jason, a big hot dog weenie would get him, would pull him  from wherever he is.
  The first time I've ever heard this term.
  Now, listen, I know you guys are above me on the theme park.
  Psychoness.
 But I'm pretty up there.
  I've never heard the term weenie.
  Yeah, it was new.
  Jason is the one who I think told me about it, told us about it.
  Maybe not long ago.
 Maybe not long ago.
  I feel like I probably just like what's the spell.
  It's W E E N I E  like weenie, like, yeah, like weenie.
  I have no idea, too.
  We should look into like the history, like where does this come from?  Who came up with this?  Yeah.
 So hold on.
 Let's backtrack for a second.
  You think the Chinese theater is the weenie over a tower of terror?  Oh, well, when it opened, maybe it's not so much anymore.
  But yeah, I mean, most of it, usually it's like when you walk in,  you see it like straight away.
  Or yeah, that's that's generally what it means.
  But obviously, spatial birth is the front of the park, right?  Not the back like the other.
  So the big tree at Animal Kingdom is the weenie.
  The big tree is the weenie.
  So you're getting used to it.
  Like it seems like you're taken to this weenie term.
  I don't know what's the weenie.
  What's the weenie? I didn't have one.
  I think now it's the Cartay Circle restaurant, but that's it's not the strong.
  I guess it's not the strongest park in a weenie sense.
  Yeah, I don't know if there's a weenie there.
  Maybe not a first wheel.
  There's various.
 OK, yeah.
  But that breaks your rules of it being as soon as you walk in the park.
  Yeah, right.
 Exactly.
 That's true.
  I would say DC California Adventure has not one big weenie,  but a few little weenies.
  OK, that's what I would say.
  Yeah, they are little weenies.
  But they used to just have that like tin can son, which was truly not a weenie.
  So they've got they got better.
  They're upping their weenie game.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, feel free to use that.
  Feel free to tell if you want to call Chelsea right now and tell her about it.
  Your wife.
 She does not care.
  She does not care at all.
  So much so that our podcast, Majorland, about theme parks has been canceled  because she doesn't care enough.
 Oh, wow.
  It's done.
  It's not a hiatus.
 If you.
  OK, yeah, it'll come back.
  If she hears the term, though, she might want to be more intrigued.
  That's possible.
 Yeah.
  Maybe really interesting.
  So good.
 Who are the cool guys that told you about it? Yeah.
  Wow.
 Unbelievable.
  We're not talking about.
  No, we're not.
  We're talking about other themed things, but we're talking about, you know,  it's kind of a grab bag episode of professional wrestling restaurants,  some owned by companies, some owned by, you know, specific wrestlers.
  And we wanted to have you want to get your take on this,  because you obviously you are a professional wrestler.
  You've worked everywhere.
  And you also share with me that you have a person you went as a young man.
  To WWF New York.
  I did.
 And without getting too much into it right now, before we really start,  it didn't live up to the hype.
 It sucked.
  It was disappointment.
  And so I wish it was still there, of course.
  I still go there, even though it's not there.
  It's a hard rock.
  But, you know, when I proposed to Chelsea Green,  so we got to go to New York to celebrate.
  We went to the hard rock.
  So you're calling it that, even though it's a hard rock.
  Because it looks identical inside.
  Right.
 They didn't do much to it.
  So, yeah.
 So if the audience doesn't know WWF, when it was the WWF,  they made a Times Square restaurant.
  It was a club.
  It was an arcade.
  I believe there was an arcade in the basement or was it up in the main level?  So the main level was kind of like WWE Shop.
com, like some merch.
 Right.
  So that was pretty cool.
  But then you went down these stairs and it was this is when the theme  restaurants were huge in New York City.
  And I love that.
 I'm in I'm in junior high, you know, trading in my dad's  beer cans and my soda cans to get money to take the train to sneak into the city.
  And I'm going to all these restaurants and I'm like,  you know, barely have enough money to get a hamburger.
  But I'm getting the shot glass for my collection.
  You know what I'm saying? Like Planet Hollywood, All-Star Cafe,  WF New York.
 It's like, oh, my God.
  So it was awesome in that sense.
  When you got there, you know, you go to you go to Planet Hollywood,  you see all the outfits, you know, of all your favorite movie stars.
  You go to like Hard Rock Cafe and it's like, you know,  all the musicians and stuff like that.
  They went to WF New York.
  You thought you'd think you'd see like Hogan's gear like on the wall,  like gobbledygooker legs, his outfit on the wall.
  But it wasn't really like that.
  The theming was horrible.
  Yeah, because I remember watching it on TV.
  They would always cut to it if you were watching Raw or Sunday Night Heat.
  And it looked like the only thing that would be cool is that they would have  like superstars there, but you never saw that on the wall.
  Yeah, there was like nothing on the wall.
  Once you're, you know, obviously, when you're in the merchandise store,  the gift shop, if you will, you could tell, OK, this is WWF themed.
  Once you went downstairs, not really a couple of things here and there.
  But it wasn't like I bet if they did it today, they would know how to do it.
  They would do it right.
  Like if you ever go to their fan access, right.
  They they they they dominate that.
  So I'm sure if they did it today, it would be awesome.
  But back then, not really.
  Well, hang on.
 I heard that they had black walls and a chain link fence.
  That sounds that sounds like pretty good theming to me.
  There you go.
 That's all you need.
  Yeah.
 So you were when you were a young man and you went like,  you remember going like, boy, this is not nearly as good as Planet Hollywood.
  Oh, I was so bummed out the first time I went so bummed out.
  And I didn't keep going back because it was there for a while.
  I had my ninth grade birthday there.
  Oh, yeah.
 And I now this is a weird story.
  So I think I told you, Mike, that I had Chris Jericho on my cake.
  And then you asked me, like, did my parents like bringing the cake  or was the cake there?  And then, like, I got to thinking, is this a story that I've just told  so many times where I think there was a Jericho cake and there really wasn't?  You can't like look up like, did they sell cakes?  I tried.
 Right.
 Right.
  Like in my mind, we ordered a Chris Jericho cake.
  But now that I'm thinking about it, maybe it's just like,  you know, my imagination.
  I told enough times that I believe it to be true.
  They probably had a cake.
  Yeah.
 Was it like with the photo of Chris?  It was shaped like Chris.
  You know, just just a photo of Chris Jericho, one of those Carvel.
  I don't know if you guys have Carvel in L.
A.
, but something like that.
  Well, maybe it was that maybe your parents like went to a separate location  and maybe it was probably didn't know.
 No, no.
  No, we took the train in from from Long Island.
  We went and I got the I feel like I definitely had Chris Jericho my cake  because I know for a fact we bought the Chris Jericho,  his first WWF action figure in the gift shop as well.
  Wow.
 So maybe those memories have bled together over the years.
  That's what I'm thinking.
  Or if someone's out there and has proved that there were cakes there.
  If my mom's listening, she's just a picture, you know, on her.
  Yeah.
 Who knows?  Wow.
 Your memory was it was like somebody had drawn a picture of him on the cake  or was it one of those like an eight by 10, like one of those like screen things.
  Yeah, a screen thing.
  Yeah, because I remember being excited as a kid when it would be like  my mom would never like do that because it was a little more expensive.
 Right.
  Because I would be like, you can get I can pull a picture out of a magazine  and we can put it on the cake like any picture like right.
  And my entertainment weekly, there's a picture of Batman forever.
  Like we could do that.
  And it was like, well, it was like probably 12 to 15 dollars more.
  So it's like we can just get the icing right.
  Batman forever on the shore.
  Sure.
 Do it today.
 You could do it.
  I think you got it.
 I think we got an idea for your birthday this year.
  You know what Jason found that that certain McDonald's  will sell you a sheet cake.
 Really?  Jason, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Discover this.
  Jason texted me like it was I feel like it was late.
  I feel like it was like one in the morning.
  And he was like, did you know McDonald's certain McDonald's  will sell you like a birthday sheet cake?  And we can't I don't know how to tell which one when just one's will.
  Yeah, the art.
  It was just one of those like listicle things of like things  you might not know about McDonald's.
  And it was like the bigger locations or the busier locations,  maybe ones that have play places  because they would do a lot of birthday parties have sheet cakes.
  I'm sure you have to order them ahead of time.
  And it was also like nine or ten dollars.
  It was an inexpensive cake, too.
  Yeah, it's like a cheap.
  They'll sell McDonald's will sell you a cheap cake in certain locations.
  So that's what I'm gunning for for my birthday.
  That is coming up in a few weeks.
  You want a McDonald's cake specifically just to know.
  I want a nine dollar a nine dollar McDonald's cake.
  You should make your friend.
  You should make all your friends go in on it so that everybody only pays  like 30 cents.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't want to pay for that.
  It's make Matt and even though you won't be there in person,  we're going to Venmo request you for 30 cents.
  OK, that's yeah, I think you should ask.
  You should say each friend don't get any gifts.
  Just just bring me a McDonald's sheet cake.
  So then you're stuck with a room full of them.
  The clock is ticking and you have to deal with a room full of sheet cakes.
  And then, of course, you're just setting this up.
  So you take most of them home.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  Yeah.
 So I'll throw it to the listeners.
  I mean, there's a lot like anyone who listens to this podcast,  I would assume are most of them are in this in the zone  where they would have been really excited about WWF New York or Planet Hollywood.
  So there's got to be somebody else who had a birthday out there.
  And if they had a birthday, they obviously like they would have to have  some kind of cake.
 So maybe maybe we can find out the answer.
  Did they do character cakes at WWF?  But when you look at the menu, here's the thing, though,  that makes me think maybe knows when you look at the menu,  it doesn't look like it's very much fun.
  The names are not much horrible.
  No horrible names.
  Now, Matt, do you agree with us that if it's going to be a theme place,  it has to have Nate Fawn names 100 percent? Absolutely.
  Yeah, because because let me pull this even the body slam burger.
  There's something just add something to it.
  It's pretty easy.
 It's yeah.
  It's very easy.
 Any extra time.
  And this is and we want to be employed naming shit like this.
  The is a full time job.
 Yeah.
  Oh, wait.
 Now I remember.
  Well, you feel free to read some boring ones, but there's one that I like on here.
  Yeah, no, there's there's there's a couple that at least suggest something.
  But like here, this barbecue spare ribs.
  At WFD.
 Yeah.
  Wild mushroom risotto.
  Like this is herb roasted half chicken.
  Give us a fucking wrestler name.
  Come on.
 Like it's crazy that they wouldn't do this, because then as we've  we've figured out a lot, we talked a lot about these restaurants in the past.
  They'll do one or two, which is what's the confusing thing.
 Right.
  So like it's got I don't know if you were talking about the desserts  where we get something fun, which is the People's Sunday,  which the rock was the people's champion.
  I like the People's Sunday.
  And I like that it is it's just a regular long description of what's in the Sunday.
  But then at the end, that it is what about  it with a cherry as well.
 Right.
  Yes, God, you're right.
 It says pinned with a cherry.
  So you get a little fun thing with love that.
  That's great.
 Rings of Saturn, though, I think is weird.
  That is a themed name.
  But like it is that does that have anything to do with is that a wrestling?  Yes.
 Yes.
 Perry Saturn and his finishing move was called the Rings of Saturn.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  I do have a funny Perry Saturn, WDF New York story.
  I would love I am.
 I was not.
  I was not there for this, but I was a part of this.
 OK.
  So my friend's older brother was old enough.
  So after if there was a WDF event,  let's say mass were guarded, there would be some sort of after party  at New York where like the wrestlers would go stuff like that.
  But I was not of age to go to these parties, right?  Because they had like a nightclub, whatever you want to call it.
  So one of my friends older brothers went.
  And I'm not saying he stole Perry Saturn cell phone,  but Perry Saturn dropped his cell phone.
  OK.
 OK.
 Got it.
  So he picked it up.
  And I'm not saying he just did not return it.
  Right.
 Wow.
 So when, you know, he got home,  he opened the phone, obviously,  and has every wrestler's phone number in there.
  So like it was this like before we all had like computers and text messaging.
  So he like wrote it out on pieces of paper and he would sell people  the phone numbers, you know.
  Whoa.
 So then some of us, we would take like, obviously, when you're calling,  like most of the time, someone wouldn't pick up.
  But we would put our phones together.
  So we would get their voicemail and make it our voicemail.
  Yo, this is Triple H.
  They've been messing stuff like that.
 Wow.
  And then we called Taz from my friend's parents house and task.
  Like we prank called him like, like, you know, he picked up.
  We said something hung up.
 He called back.
  He must have star six nine us.
  And he scared the shit out of us, like screaming at us, threatening us.
  Like we ran out of the house.
 We were so scared.
  You ran out of your own house was my friend's house.
  But yeah, ran out of his house because you thought he was like coming.
  He thought he was coming.
 Yeah.
  That's great.
 He did not come.
  He did not.
 But it worked.
  I mean, he was an intimidating guy.
  But like crazy, for instance, if I if I lost my now, I have it pass  code protected, obviously, of course, if my phone dropped out  a park, you know, fell off a ride and it didn't chatter and someone picked it up.
  They could have Vitz McMahon's phone number,  you know, Dolph Ziegler, the Miz, John Morrison, you name it.
  John Cena in the phone.
  That's crazy.
 That is short.
  Yeah, it's like you have to put like secret like names to really protect it fully.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let me ask, though.
  Does that mean you could either you either have or you could get Chris  Jericho's number and tax like, hey, man,  weird question, do you remember the cake situation?  What the situation was like?  Tell me, I'll be up here.
  Go text him.
 I don't think you would know the answer.
  Did you ever pose specifically for a cake photo?  Everybody, every superstar at the time had to pose on a day for a cake.
  We're doing your cake.
  Vince is directing the cake shoot.
  But yeah, just look at this menu.
  Horrible.
 Like right away, this is not you only have one chance to make a first  impression.
 And as a young kid coming to New York, so excited, I open this menu.
  First of all, look at the pricing for me.
  I'm looking the hamburger.
  I definitely got a kid's menu because I remember getting the burger.
  I must say order up the kids menu in like eighth or ninth grade.
  There's no way I was afforded that that New York strip of filet mignon.
  There's no way.
 Yeah.
  You'd have to order like a kid's meal.
  Yeah, I get the kids meal has a fruit roll up with it.
  That's a kid's side.
  Yeah, that is funny.
 That is like that's as good.
  Like, I guess it's better than a happy meal, but it really feels like it does  feel it feels fun, but also feels cheap as hell.
 Right.
  Like we just bought we just went out to the the Kroger or wherever is in New  York.
 We went out to the CVS.
  It's genius.
 Yeah.
  I bought a box of fruit roll ups and we'll just throw it on a kid's plate.
  They don't give a shit.
  They came here for to think that they were going to meet a wrestler.
  And then they OK, they're selling a freezer mug.
  Is that something you bought at the time?  I did not buy the freezer mug.
  Before we recorded this, I I did steal when I was there, like the bar menu.
  And I was going to, you know, bring it and show it to you guys.
  But I can't find it.
 I still have it all these years later.
  Oh, wow.
 I thought that was cool.
  But I don't recall them being any cool drinks on there either.
  Yeah, I did see that, too.
  And it didn't feel like there was anything remarkable.
  I mean, the only it feels like the only thing that was cool was  if you went on the right Sunday, they were doing something.
  They were shooting something live and you could get it there.
  And they did like events.
  They did.
 They did events there.
  For instance, the finale, the tough enough.
 Right.
  Was there where Maven is crowned the tough enough season one winner.
  Maven, good friend of mine.
  We're actually as ridiculous as it sounds.
  We're going to the major rest of your podcast.
  We're going to have like a party in New York City in Times Square  this upcoming May, and we're going to like Maven as the like the guest  of the night to celebrate the 20 years of him winning.
  Tough enough in Times Square.
  Obviously, I'd love to do it.
 I do have New York,  but it's not there and hard rock would be way too expensive.
  We'll probably do it some no name shitty bar off of one of the side streets.
  But still, you get the idea.
  Yeah.
 Did you ever even ask like how much would it be at Hard Rock to know?  I was there, right?  There's oh, yeah.
  There's no way we could afford something like that.
 No way.
  Yeah.
 Well, yeah, that's that's still really fun,  regardless of the venue, but maybe Hard Rock would want to be involved.
  You know, you never know.
  And at one point later on when it was still, you know,  they changed the name to like the world.
 Yeah.
  But it was still WWE.
  At one point, there was a Toys R Us across the street in Times Square.
  So if you're a big nerd like me, it was like a dream to go into Times Square,  bounce back and forth between the New York, whatever is called the time, the world,  get some figures at Toys R Us.
  It was incredible.
 It's an incredible time to be a wrestling fan.
  What a great day.
  Did you remember crazy?  Sorry, is that that crazy Toys R Us with the Ferris wheel?  And that was the man.
 Wow.
  Yes, I met.
  I met Hulk Hogan there and I cut cut class in 11th grade to meet Hulk Hogan there.
  And you know, if New York that day or WWE, whatever is called that day.
 Wow.
  Did you can I ask, did you go to the Mars restaurant?  I did.
 And there was there was an outbrought.
  That was my thing was to do all the the theme restaurants.
  The Mars was ahead of its time.
  Had one of those like elevators, almost like Skip from Gringotts.
  You know, I'm saying, like, you're going to, you know, it was like a fake elevator.
  Right.
 Did you take friends there and were you like, this shit is cool?  And they were like, this is the weirdest, like, no, my friends were kind of into it.
  We would always pick up.
 We would like take the train to the city.
  Go to Chinatown, get some like bootleg VHS is some bootleg  Oakley sunglasses, you know, stuff like that.
  And then and then go to Times Square  and walk around and always always pick a theme restaurant, you know,  whether it be the world or All-Star Cafe.
  What else was there?  Anything, you know, Planet Hollywood, All-Star Cafe.
  Yeah, what was All-Star Cafe like?  That came up a little bit last week, but I don't really know what it was like inside  like what you was more like a sports kind of a sports kind of setting.
  You know, like somebody's like like Ken Griffey's bat or whatever.
  Yeah, stuff like that.
 I believe.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  So would you rank W.
F.
  New York, the lowest of all those like I would have to 100 percent.
  I would have to.
 That's such a bummer because just because of how cool  it could have been.
 Right.
 Right.
  And even back then, though, they didn't take their  their history, their nostalgia.
  They didn't like, you know, they didn't take it seriously, really.
  You know, it wasn't until the early 2000s where they really, you know,  paid homage to the legends and the classic superstars, if you will, in history.
  Like now they can do so many fun things like imagine like what they could do now.
  Like just take some of the things they use at WrestleMania Access,  the big fan fest and just pop it up at a restaurant.
  They yeah, that I'm trying to think like right a little bit after this even closed.
  I forget what WrestleMania in Chicago I went to was 22 or something.
  And they had you could call a match there.
  Yeah, it was still low, still smallish, but you could tell they were  figuring it out like what people might want.
  Let me real.
  Now, this I would say like compared to and I don't and none of us  went to the Nitro Grill in Las Vegas, but Nitro Grill seems like it's  actually got the right idea here.
  But let me let me show a couple of clips here from New York real quick  that that I do like.
  And when did this close, by the way, this open like 99 was opening.
  And when was it done?  It closed in April of 2003.
  OK, oh, geez, that's pretty short run.
  But you fit in a few visits.
  Oh, I did, for sure.
  Well, OK, so this is they would do like fun.
  This is one of my favorite.
  I remember this.
 I remember watching this live.
  This is just to describe what it is.
  There's a claw machine.
  So they seem to have a pretty good arcade.
  OK, I will say I don't recall the arcade.
  Arcades are big in New York City.
  Probably did have one.
 I mean, obviously they did.
  I'm looking at it right here.
  Yeah, it's a pretty big arcade.
  They're doing a little sketch.
  We'll put we'll post a clip of this.
  But Cain, the wrestler is very tall, very scary with the mask on.
  He tries to win a claw machine for a little boy.
  And claw machines are very hard.
  I only have one friend named Jeff, who is an expert on claw machine.
  And no one else I know is he gets it every time.
  It's unbelievable.
 I don't know how he does it.
  Cain did not get it.
 Cain did not get it.
  So he's looking around and he breaks the glass.
  Jesus Christ.
  Puts his fist to the glass, gives the kid picks out one  to a bunch of the toys and then starts throwing it,  which is just real fun.
  And he gives the kid all the toys.
  Very dangerous.
  I mean, he just like the glass could hit the kid in the head.
  Let's be honest.
  But it was the 90s or no, it was 2001, which is basically the 90s.
  Here's another quick clip I'd like to post here.
  They're just this is sort of they were showing clips of it during Monday Night Raw.
  Harry and Harry Reynolds has shown up.
  But she's not alone because there you see the mayor of New York City.
  Man, Rudolph Giuliani.
  There he is.
  The man of the day, WF New York.
  And the mayor's not coming along, by the way.
  Hey, that's his fiance.
  Oh, really? The mayor is going to party.
  Oh, man.
  And then, you know, Jerry Luller's getting a little horny for Mayor Rudy Giuliani's  fiance.
 So the mayor partied at WWF New York.
  Hell, yeah.
 Wow.
  The eventual star of the Masked Singer himself.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I really think Rudy, that should have been more.
  Rudy should have gotten a little bit more involved in the company  and shown up at WrestleMania's and Royal Rumbles.
  Now, I think he'd be a great manager for any of the companies.
  Some people might think he was a little too over the top in how he comes off, maybe.
  But I don't know.
  He's a great actor, as we saw in that sketch where he's in drag  with Trump.
 He commits to personas.
  I'm excited to see the mask that he's in and how well he wears that character.
  I think he's a fine performer.
  He stole the show in Borat, too.
  It's an excellent performance in Borat.
  So, yeah, so a lot of stuff was going on there.
  But, yeah, unfortunately, they're going to have to do something different.
  Like there's talk about a Hall of Fame in Orlando that's never happened.
  And like, they're going to have to do something that's really on the level  that we're imagining as far as like, I think the restaurant just came a little  too late.
 You know, you say it opens in 99.
  It's like almost the tail end of the attitude era.
  But how could you open a restaurant as soon as things get hot?  Of course, it needs to be some planning that gets involved.
  Yeah.
 And then that attitude era, that that late 97,  depending on when you consider the attitude  ending like early 2001, it quickly dies.
  And everyone just trades in their DX and NWO shirts and doesn't like wrestling  anymore.
 Yeah.
  So who's going to this restaurant?  And you've got to assume the rent for that place is astronomical.
  Yes.
 Oh, millions, millions, millions a year.
  I'm looking at literally a copy pasted thing that says exactly that.
  The rent is astronomical.
 I don't know where I got this from.
  But it's this something pointed out that nobody makes money in Times Square  to the point where no business can actually be successful there.
  We've talked about this with CityWalk, how like a lot of places  or it's just like to have a big ad for your company, for places  where it actually makes money.
  So, yeah, I think it did horribly, probably.
  Yeah.
 And there was I was reading to there was a there was the former manager  of the location scam WWE out of four hundred thousand dollars.
 Jesus.
  And that was yeah, he got arrested for this  and that he used the allegedly ill gotten gains to buy himself  one hundred and sixty thousand dollars speedboat.
  He stole money and used it on a speedboat.
  You can't be like mad at that expensive.
  One hundred and sixty.
  I don't know how much boats cost, but one hundred sixty thousand dollars  seems like a lot for a speedboat.
  But that's just I don't know maybe what I'm talking about.
  Extra speedy, I hope very fast boat you can buy with four hundred sixty thousand.
  And then you see that.
  Oh, go ahead.
  I was just because I also I don't know, Scott, if you saw this  and I couldn't find any footage or pictures to confirm this,  but we're probably going for the same thing.
 Yeah.
  Prince played WWF New York.
  Princeton, like an after show.
  He did a regular concert at a regular venue  and then showed up at the WWF New York at midnight and played till two.
  And you see that guest list that's insane.
  Alicia Keys, Questlove, George  Larry Graham and Doug E.
  Fresh.
 Not even the main concert.
  This is just like I'm tossing this shit off.
 Who cares?  Right.
 This unbelievable.
  There could have been like a Farouk and Bradshaw were doing a bit there.
  Like hours before.
 Right.
  And then Prince is jamming out with Questlove, which I mean, that sounds great.
  Did you guys find information about Chris Angel, the mind freak?  He kind of like had a residency there, if you will.
  We really there.
  Oh, yeah.
 You guys did find that when it was called the world.
  It switches its name.
 Right.
  To the world, because I think they just want people to come in, you know.
  They don't want people.
  People are scared.
 Yeah.
  Or not that they're scared of wrestling.
  They just don't give a shit at that time.
  Right.
 The attitude there is over.
  So they're not coming to see WV.
  So they were all go to the world and they kind of get tricked into that.
  You know what I'm saying?  But Chris Angel was like the face that place like doing shows and like,  yeah, whoa, whoa.
 No, yeah.
  Yeah.
 I know that.
  Gee, that baby.
  Did you see him there? I did not.
  I did not see them.
  No.
 Were you into Chris Angel, though, at that time?  I was not.
 I'm not not into Chris Angel.
  I just wasn't into Chris Angel.
  OK, I'm saying we're we're kind of into Chris Angel and maybe we'll be  increasingly as time goes on, just as a little.
  Chris Angel content coming to the podcast very soon.
  Oh, incredible.
  So we will we'll look into that more and do a follow up to if we can find  some more information about this.
  Yeah, he did Mindfreak in 2001, two months after 9 11.
  It was an off Broadway thing.
  And then he like this.
  Yeah, that was it was the beginning of it being like a legitimate theater  that did other stuff besides wrestling.
  Wow, crazy.
  A theater in the round.
  It was apparently.
 Wow.
  Geez.
 Wow.
  So he likes his close up magic.
  So you're allowed the intimacy is maybe the appeal of this place.
  I talked to my friend Tommy Blacha, who was an attitude era writer,  and he worked on like he like he did shows at this venue.
  And he said the thing that he liked about it was the intimacy,  that it was like a different vibe than than a big arena.
  But, you know, it does sound like the theming leaves something to be desired.
  So that that overrides the other, I'd say.
  Yeah, they had another they had a place called WWF for WWF Niagara Falls as well.
  Yes, I did not go to that.
  And I was going to ask, because you overlap with when that closed,  I think, in the company.
  But it does.
 So was that in Canada or like in that it was in like the States  or Canada part of Niagara Falls that I never went to because I went there  like from Toronto, I went there.
  So I was I ended up in like a like a gastropub kind of place  that I didn't know at the time is the space that was the  this Niagara Falls restaurant.
  That wasn't a was it a restaurant or just a like a like a merch store?  Oh, you're right.
 Yes, it was not a restaurant.
  It was.
 They did away with that.
  They did have a ride called the Piledrive.
 Exactly.
  They had a ride.
 Yes.
  A drive.
 A tower ride.
  WWE ride.
  I don't think it was as themed as the Tower of Terror.
  More like a Doctor Doom, I would say.
  One of those do style.
  I don't think it was even a doctor do.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So you've got the logo, WWE logo at the top of it.
  And then it says Piledriver in some of the ugliest font.
  Yeah.
 Pile.
 Huge driver.
  Much smaller.
 Why?  And then there's a picture of John Cena and Batista.
  Now think about this theming wise that like a scary ride.
  And then there's a picture of John Cena crossing his arms.
  Or maybe you'll see like the rock around the corner looking mean at you.
  What does it tell you about the right?  Like you're going to when you get up here, maybe those guys will be there.
  And maybe they'll rough you up a little bit before you get on there.
  Maybe they'll be up at the top of the tower.
  They'll swing down and knock you in the head a few times.
  What does this mean? Yes.
 That's the story of this ride.
  Yeah.
 I don't know if there's any theming.
  I don't know if like you can get immersed.
  You know, you definitely drop into a gift shop.
 You have to.
 Right.
  Well, yeah, that's a choice.
 Yeah.
  I started a gift shop, too.
  If you're doing a giant drop and it's called the Piledriver  and the Piledriver is a move that where the person takes the move on their head.
  That's the way a move goes.
  So it's like even if it was like lightly themed and like they flipped  the chairs over and you.
  What if the ride car was like Jerry Lawler with his legs spread  and you were upside down and gave you a pile drive?  Well, no, that's a better idea.
  Or it could be like a tombstone pile driver is Undertaker themed.
  That's yeah.
  I mean, what? Yeah, it was like a giant sort of like he's on the side  of the vehicle, basically, like it's if I was like that.
  And then he's like his arms are the restraints.
  Oh, there you go.
 See, now you're talking.
  Yeah, he's hugging everybody, basically upside down.
  That's what I like to think of the Undertaker's tombstone  Piledriver is he's giving you an upside down hug.
  So, yeah, there's all the they could have done something.
  I mean, look, these ideas are much better, obviously,  but I think they were struggling to even open the place.
  I watched a video about it.
  I think it was Expedition theme park that said that they opened it.
  It wasn't it was like wasn't working on opening day, like where they did  the big press event and all the wrestlers came.
  So that was screwed.
  And then some safety board shut it down immediately.
  Like there were just permits they forgot to get.
  So it was just sitting there not operating for a long time.
  And then this facility closed entirely,  but they didn't have the money to demolish the ride.
  So it was or the take the sign off.
  So you'd look at, whoa, a ride, the Piledriver.
  And there would be no way to get to it or to do it.
  Just rusting away for several years.
  Wow, because there's so look, there would be an Undertaker ride  of some kind would be incredible.
  It's obviously got to be a dark ride.
  Like a haunted mansion style.
  Yes.
 And it's got to do that.
  Yeah, it's got to go through the history.
  The like, you know, fantastic.
  For so many years, I've heard there was going to do  there's going to be some sort of collaboration  at Halloween Horror Nights.
  Whether it be like an Undertaker or like a Bray Wyatt or something.
  There was an Undertaker maze.
  Really? Yeah, there's a video.
  There's a video of it.
 I can look it up real quick.
  But they did do a little something.
 It's a while ago.
  But that's yeah, I don't know why there was they didn't do more of that.
  Let me see there.
 Yeah, I mean, they have the partnership, right?  So why not do something?  Very close partners.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And Bray Wyatt would have been perfect, too.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They've got enough on that.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Well, yeah, they could do the character, I guess.
  So off topic, but kind of on topics as we're talking about  theme restaurants and wrestling.
  When you guys went to Japan a couple years ago,  did you guys go to Rivera Steakhouse?  This is a no, but I should have.
  I know.
 I know.
  I've heard of this.
  Because this is, in my opinion,  the best wrestling restaurant, best wrestling theme restaurant.
  It's really not even like supposed to be a theme restaurant.
  It's a restaurant that all the wrestlers go to have been going to for years.
  Yeah.
 But it's now like a tourist destination spot.
  So like you, you'd be right up your alley.
  You would love it.
 Like outside, you see like these photos.
  You know, it says Rivera Steakhouse is all like, you know, John Cena is out front.
  You know, and then when you get inside, it's just literally the ceiling as well.
  Wall to wall, just old eight by tens,  pictures of the guys in Rivera Steakhouse.
  And what the gimmick is, or so I've been told,  I've been there a couple of times when you go in,  they'll like adjust the photos to make sure your photos on the wall.
  Like if they know you're coming.
  Wow.
 So if I'm coming, they'll put my photo on and I leave.
  They take it down.
  You know, like the guys, like the icons, Sting, Hogan, Undertaker,  they're always up.
  But a guy like me, oh, he's coming out.
  They heard through the grapevine.
  I'm coming.
 They'll put me up.
  So I come up, oh, look, I'm on the wall.
  You know, but then when I leave, it's good, though.
  Yeah, that is.
 Hey, we're not getting pictures.
  So you see that when you went.
  Did you see your photo when you were there?  Oh, of course.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  Was it was prominently like was it by where you were eating?  No, I wouldn't say it was prominent, but it was there.
  It's a very small, intimate setting.
  It's incredible.
 And they're they're big.
  I guess souvenir.
 We're all into souvenirs, right?  Is the Rivera Steakhouse jacket?  Because if you read like old wrestling magazines,  like the 80s and 90s, everyone would be wearing this Rivera  Steakhouse jacket.
  So when I went for the first time, like, you know,  I needed to get that Rivera Steakhouse jacket.
  So luckily, I've been there three different times.
  I have three different jackets.
  And of all the junk I have, whether it be things I've collected  or things of myself, those are like my pride and joy.
  I couldn't get rid of those things because like I have the jacket.
  I have three of them.
  Yeah, that's yeah.
  I look that's one of those things I was like, why didn't we go there?  Here's here's some of the pictures of the Jack different jackets.
  Here's look at the look at the Undertaker with that jacket.
  Can I say I got to send you a picture of me, Sina?  Well, I think I don't know if Punks in the picture,  but there's a picture of all of us wearing the jacket.
  Yeah, here's here's Undertaker on the jacket.
  Yeah, this is very I was picturing sort of like steakhouse like  a coat, fancy coat style.
  You see me? Oh, it's here.
  Oh, here.
 Yeah.
  Whoa.
 You.
  Wait, who else is in here?  Jericho, Justin Roberts.
  That was my first time.
  That's when I popped my my chariot, Robert.
  Wow.
 It's yeah.
  It's a it's like a rite of passage.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's such a rad, like shiny 80s feeling jacket.
  That's a jacket you wear, Scott.
  Yeah, it's like the jacket.
  I like the Carl Wilson war in the Beach Boys.
  I think those jackets are back in style.
  Like that style, like that satin jacket,  and it's like chalk line and nerds clothing all bringing it back.
  Oh, look at this photo.
  This is black with red stripes that.
  Oh, jeez.
 Yeah, this rules.
  Yeah, this is on the this is next time we go.
  This is the top of the list.
  You got to go now.
  I don't know if you're able to buy a Ribera, like if you're just a fan.
  Oh, interesting.
 You know what I'm saying?  I think it has to be given to you from the back.
  Wow.
 So they have so so they might not just sell it.
  They it's literally they only make so many for now.
  Don't quote me on that.
  Don't quote me on that.
  But like, I don't know of any fans who have walked in and gotten one.
  Now, maybe they bought one off like Virgil, who was selling it or something.
  You know, but sure.
 Yeah, right.
  Why did this why did this connection form?  Why did why did it become a wrestler hotspot?  It was just like a place that they went to when they were in Japan.
  They'd be over there and they just took to to it was like a mutual love and respect.
  You know, wow.
 Wow.
  Let's be honest.
 It's no club 33 style steak.
  You know, it's not it's not the best steak in the world,  but it's the environment, the atmosphere.
  And that's what we we love all that stuff, right?  That's where that's why we go to these theme parks for the atmosphere and to be immersed.
  Yeah, the food sucks.
 The food sucks.
  I'm not saying it sucks.
 It's just not the best.
  Sure, sure.
 Sure.
  Yeah, great.
  Well, maybe we'll make an exception if they're like a podcast.
  They like podcasts there.
  Because like, you know, maybe they like American podcasts.
  I found the clip of Undertaker at the press conference.
  This is the year 2000 when there was an Undertaker on at house.
  Honoring the Undertaker's achievements in horror.
  After 10 years of being in the World Wrestling Federation and being the Undertaker,  it's I'm quite proud of this.
  You know, it lets me know that people outside of our business  kind of appreciate what it is, the Undertaker.
  So there he is.
  He's getting he's getting an award from the Bride of Frankenstein.
  And wow.
  And he is in his American badass face.
  Right.
 American badass is a rolling face.
  Exactly.
 He's in the biker outfit, but he's he's  greeting the supernatural Undertaker.
  Yeah.
 So then he he goes through this is the haunted house  that they had at Universal in 2000.
  So these are some of the things you would see, like there's a,  you know, there's a guy dressed as a vampire.
  He's a guy dressed as Kane there.
  This is incredible.
 I had no idea about this.
  Yeah, I didn't know until a couple of years ago.
  So I don't remember this guy being here, but.
  So he's trying to play.
  He's trying to play along like he goes, Oh, yeah, this is my life.
  This house is my life.
  Yeah, he grew up.
  He grew up like this.
  He grew up in a house with perpetual smoke and spider webs.
  And that's why he's the Undertaker.
 Exactly.
  To the American bad.
  They had a bleep bass, huh?  Yeah, I could say.
 Yeah.
  You need to come back.
  Brings back a lot of memories of a time in my period with my soul.
  Was that his darkness?  He's talking to like a doppelganger of himself currently.
 Exactly.
  Yeah.
 And he's like, Oh, yeah.
  The cameraman tilted down to the purple gloves.
  That's like a 94 style Undertaker.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And then under because really, this is a great performance by him.
  He's just like, Yeah, I've been there.
  Yeah.
  Dead man walking.
  Yeah.
 And then I think there's a McFauley here.
  There's the hell of it.
  So they have a hell in the cell spot.
  That's awesome, actually.
  These look like the hell in the cell with me and Shawn Michaels.
  So there you have it.
  So, yeah, so they I think it ended with a hell in the cell.
  So, yeah, I don't know.
  That's the last time they did something like that, but it shouldn't be the last.
  You know what I said about how I want a celebrity  restaurant to feel like you're going inside their brain and like how Alan Hale,  I think, feels that way a little bit because there's a merchant.
  It's the sea and he's there.
  This feels like that.
  I love a maze themed after one guy and like, let's jumble up all his memories  and like you're you're like all his whole life is flashing before your eyes.
  That's really good.
  Yeah, it's great.
  I mean, they're they're all anybody  if you've been in W.
W.
F.
 or W.
W.
E.
  that you've had, you know, the history on screen.
  So I feel like you could do that with so many different  of the characters or the performers over the years.
  Obviously, Undertaker was someone that leads itself to the horror maze the most.
  Sure.
 But I don't know, there's probably like a Steve Austin one.
  You know, it could be done.
  It could be done.
 Yeah, it could be.
  Not everything has to be scary now.
  You know, now you can walk through just like the movies and then it's not super  scary.
 Some of these houses.
  Yeah.
 Do a sting sting one.
  That would be great.
  A sting with a crow.
  What about like a sting versus Undertaker like Freddy versus Jason style?  I mean, it's fantastic.
  You could do a whole honestly, let's say like you do eight houses.
  It's true.
 I mean, I don't know.
  The audience for it, I think, is there, but maybe maybe I'm crazy.
  What about Mac Cardona maze?  What are you doing if you get the shot?  You know what? Let's do that, because because we're a little low on time.
  And I want to make sure we get to this spot.
  I want you.
 Yeah.
  Talk about what if you could do a restaurant themed experience just for you.
  Oh, wow.
 Your history.
  Oh, wow.
 As a professional wrestler.
  Man.
  That's that's a good question.
  I would definitely have a lot of memorabilia on the wall,  way more than WF New York did a lot of action figures on the wall.
  Yeah.
 You know what?  I went to I don't know if you guys are going to talk about it.
  I went to Jimmy Hart's restaurant.
  I forget the name.
 It was in Daytona Beach.
  Yeah.
 I went a couple of years ago with Chelsea and his restaurant  is kind of like how my restaurant would be.
  I don't want to say rush.
  It's more like a bar.
  But Chelsea and I were looking for dinner and we saw like we were at  like waiting outside for this this restaurant to let us in.
  We saw this shitty ass hotel and like on the side said Jimmy Hart's bar,  whatever, whatever the bar was like, like Jimmy Hart,  like the mouth of the South Jimmy Hart, like no fucking way.
  We walk in and sure enough,  it's Jimmy Hart's bar.
  I got to send you guys some pictures and it was cool.
  There's a lot of memorabilia on the walls,  a lot of action figures on the walls, right?  And then there's a cardboard cutout of Jimmy Hart.
  So like, oh, Charles, you got to get a picture with this.
  So we take a picture.
  I shit you not.
  Chelsea with the cardboard cutout, Jimmy Hart and all of a sudden here.
  Oh, yeah, baby.
  And then Jimmy Hart comes out.
  The real Jimmy Hart.
  And then just take a picture with the real Jimmy Hart.
  It was the cardboard cutout on the real Jimmy Hart.
  So he was always like hanging out there probably.
 Yeah.
  And I think the bar has since closed down.
  I think now he does because now Hogan has his own spot or Hogan  has had his own spot for years.
  But it's like, you know, it's a ball.
  And yeah, is that right in Tampa?  And now I think Jimmy Hart does karaoke on Monday nights  during raw at Hogan's bar.
  So I'm serious about that.
  That's you know, I believe it.
  Do you want to like a low key spot is what you're saying with memorabilia.
  You don't want something like giant.
  I mean, realistically, I don't think I could open up a spot in city walk.
  Like, let's be realistic.
  Like Big Dreamer.
 Sure.
  But blue sky.
 If we were blue sky in here.
  Like the major wrestling figure restaurant.
  Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
 Yeah.
  I would love something like that with action figures.
  Then we'd have exclusive action figures because listen,  you guys know what that figment popcorn bucket.
  People want that exclusive item.
 Yeah.
  That's stuff you could just get on the website.
  You're not going to get a pro wrestling tease.
  You need some exclusive stuff.
  Yeah.
 Exclusive action figures, some meet and greets every once in a while.
  We have somebody in there.
  You know.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  What about like, yeah, the exclusive action figures would have like you're  you guys, but wearing the Rivera jackets.
  Yeah.
 Or you know, we would do we would copy the Rivera style  and make major wrestling figure podcasts, restaurant jackets,  but look like the Rivera jackets.
  We would sell those.
  We make sure the fans are able to buy those.
 Yeah.
 You know.
  So and then, you know, we'd have cardboard cutouts of us.
  Like so like if we weren't really they could take pictures with it like WWE,  WWE, the new cardboard cut.
  Like how easy would it have been for a fucking rock cardboard cutout?  You take a picture next to the rock and it's not really the rock.
 Of course.
  So easy.
 Yeah.
  All those restaurants now have at least a step and repeat.
  We like take the picture for Instagram, you know.
  And now with the technology, like, you know, like what Disney does,  like photo pass, they just Photoshop it in after.
  You know, it's a template.
 It's already there.
  Yeah, it's a good point.
  So so let's say where would you want it to go in City Walk?  Oh, something out of City Walk.
  Cowfish needs to go.
  Look, you cowfish.
  Yeah, that's a big, that's a big lol.
  Is there some hatred toward cowfish?  It's just kind of I had it once and it's kind of weird.
  I will say this, I moved to Orlando five years ago, a little over five years ago.
  But the year prior, I was coming down a lot,  like looking for housing and where I wanted to live.
  So I would go to Calif.
  It's all time and I fucking loved it.
  I like like two of my favorite things, burgers and sushi combined.
  You know, I have a burger and great sushi.
  And over these past five years, every time I go, it gets worse  and worse and worse.
  I'm always hoping that this is the time where it's going to turn around.
  Yeah, it never does.
  It never does.
 It's got to go.
  It's got to go.
  You're describing the arc of, I think, every restaurant  we're covering this month.
  It happened every single time.
  They gear up for a big opening and then like, all right,  well, the boss ain't showing up anymore.
  So maybe trim some of those expensive ingredients.
  We want to go home early.
 Right.
  We're shutting down the kitchen 45 minutes early.
  It all feels like this happens with so many different places you go.
  It all feels like a con.
  It feels like truly like, let's see how like we'll do a lot  for the six months or something or a year.
  And then let's just keep taking away and seeing how much we got,  like how much money we can make while making the customers still like  kind of think it's good to the point when it's just completely awful.
  And then they've made so much money  off of just like the first year, the idea of how good it was the first year.
  I will say this hard rock at CityWalk in Universal in Orlando.
  My favorite place to go to always.
 That's my spot.
  Wow.
 Really? It's very reliable.
  It's very reliable.
 Yeah, very reliable.
  You know what you're going to get.
 Right.
  Listen, is the food the absolute best? No.
  But you know, you're going to get I think they have great chicken  fingers, great chicken fingers.
  But the vibe is cool.
 It's a cool vibe.
  It's always packed.
 There's always music playing.
 Right.
  There's like guitars on the wall.
 Sure.
  You know, you get some drinks before the park.
  I love it.
 CityWalk.
  That hard rock is my go to 100 percent.
  Hmm.
 That's I don't think I've actually been to that hard rock to eat.
  So I'm a sucker for a hard rock.
  I'm a sucker for a hard rock.
  I see your heart.
 Do you have any hard rock shirts and merch?  I do have a couple.
 Yeah, I'll cut them up.
  Wearing the gym, you know, but nothing crazy.
  OK, no, no, no denim jacket or anything.
  No, no, no, no denim jacket.
  No.
 And then honestly, I have not been to Planet Hollywood  in Disney Springs, so I can't even say it was good or bad.
  You know, I know they redid it.
  They renovated it.
 Right.
  I know professional wrestler QT Marshall, his boots are hanging up in there.
  Oh, really? Yeah, he used to work there for years.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  He used to work there for years.
  And they just had a big ceremony a couple of months ago where he went.
  I think I don't know if it's his trunks, too, but definitely his boots are on display.
  I think next to like Dorothy from Wizard of Oz is like shoes.
  Wow.
 QT's boots.
  I absolutely dream.
 Right.
  Yeah, that's that's there we go.
  They should put that on the menu where you can you can get QT's boots  full of a milkshake and cakes on top.
  Slurp out of QT's boots.
 Yeah.
  I think that that's great.
  So so I'm so yeah, you'll be a crowd.
  You'll be in the cow fish.
  The major wrestling figure podcast restaurant.
  Well, like I said, we're going to do a pop up bar in New York City in May.
  You guys should come down.
  We'll go have a drink at that Hard Rock, which was WF New York.
  Well, that could be our pregame.
  We'll go because we're going to we're going to a spoiler alert.
  We're going to call it major wrestling for your podcast, New York.
  You know, that's great.
  And we're going to play off the same logo.
  It's going to be a pop up.
  They put a little banner outside.
 Wow.
  But we're going to do some drink menus, but we're going to have some real menus,  like some real like like what WF should have had.
  Obviously, we're going to theme towards ourselves.
  Of course, at my wedding, I fucking had the the major Margarita.
  Wow.
 Yes.
  And Chelsea Green had the hot mess martini.
  Oh, wow.
 Did you make it a specific?  Did you like taste it before and say, like, no, I wish I did, because listen here,  they fucked up the martini because we like vodka martinis.
  They made them gin.
  Hmm.
 Oh, listen, I'm all about the I'm just like you guys.
  I'm all about the gimmicks.
  You're talking to the guy right now who had wedding exclusive action figures.
  OK, I've really I've seen these.
  Yes.
 A mutual friend of ours had them and I saw them.
  Yes.
 You were what?  What was it? It's of me and Chelsea Green.
  So they're called micro brawlers.
  I have it right here, actually.
  So I don't have them in the package here, but, you know, so they already made us.
  So I was able to get them repainted, right.
  And like a nice traditional white and gold.
  So, for instance, my my buttocks, my my gear usually says always ready,  but it says just married on the back and hers.
  Usually says hot mess, but it says, guess what?  Just married and in the package, it says like wedding exclusive.
  So the fans who might not necessarily be fans of us,  but collect this style of figure knew I was making these  and was like sliding into my DMS, like trying to get them early.
  So now they're not for sale.
  These are for my friends and family at the wedding.
  And I'll pay anything.
  I said, OK, thousand bucks.
  Listen, a lot of people paid it.
  A lot of a lot of people paid it.
  So then at the wedding, people were like so drunk or like didn't know  what's going on, like in their gift bags.
  They didn't.
 That's where these wedding brawlers were.
  They didn't take them.
  So, of course, I took them all took them all home and I sold them afterwards.
  I made so much money off these goddamn wedding brawlers.
  I recommend everybody make wedding  exclusive wrestling figures for their wedding.
  Wow.
 Look, I'm getting married and this is now shot to the top of the priority list.
  Right.
 And the wedding is exclusive something.
 Right.
 Yes.
  Yeah, this is not to be a micro brawler, to be anything like something you like.
  Maybe what is was a podcast to ride microphones or microphone?  You know, the mic box, you know, the square.
  I think that could do something.
  Puppets something a puppet of me or something.
  A puppet of Lindsay and maybe.
 Yeah, something.
 All right.
  I think you should.
  I'd like if you acknowledge my favorite thing in your collection,  which is the Ninja Turtle with the big tail that looks like a penis.
  So I'd like I would like a mic in a wedding tux and hat.
  But with no pants and whatever you want to do with that, if you want.
  You want me to have a turtle penis?  Yeah, I think so.
 Yeah, that's where I'm heading.
  Yeah, we learned that the turtle's tail is also its penis.
  Well, that's right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  If you had a giant one of those at your wedding, that could be the weenie of the wedding.
  All right.
 Everyone.
  And you got to have a step and repeat so everyone can get, you know,  a photo next to the weenie.
  It's really driver is really drawn to that weenie, to that giant turtle weenie.
  Now, would you invite our friend John Morrison to your wedding?  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's in.
  Well, he invited you to his wedding.
  That's where we first met.
  That is true.
 We talk about this the first time you do the show.
  Yeah, we met at our friend John's wedding  and we started arguing about theme parks.
  And you asked me what the best ride, I believe, in the Magic Kingdom was.
  And I just wanted to clarify, you meant Disney World and you said,  it's not called Magic Kingdom at Disneyland.
  And I would say I would say there was a little bit of hostility, it sounded like.
  And then I said, well, drunk.
  Sure.
 It was a wedding, of course.
  I was I wasn't mad.
 I thought it was funny.
  And then you and then I said, well, there are there's material  that does refer to Disneyland as Walt's Magic Kingdom.
  So I just wanted to make sure.
  And then you think you just said Space Mountain like angrily.
  Right.
 Like Space.
  John was at my wedding and he left for a period of time.
  Like where John go?  He went to his hotel room, came back and he had elbow pads on  and knee pads under his suit so he could break dance.
  So if you invite him to the wedding, he might steal the show.
  I had he I yes, he danced at his what he danced a little bit.
  Is his wedding, I think.
  Yeah.
 And he is a he does a lot of aerial tricks.
  He does do like a lot of parkour, a lot of parkour.
  Yeah.
 Oh, there could be a theme.
  If you're if you're saying at my wedding, I could get John to do like a theme  stunt show.
 OK.
  I think that's possible.
  Like, sure.
 I still like steel Lindsay, like the rings or something.
 Right.
  And then like John dressed as like a superhero comes in.
  I dig that.
 Yeah, we could do that.
  Hold on a second.
 Hold on.
  You're not the hero at your own wedding.
 No.
  We need some realism here.
 Come on.
  Well, I would, you know, I'll like I'll shout directions.
  OK.
 Sure.
 OK.
  So you're at the very least.
  You're the guy on the train going like you don't mess with Spider-Man.
  Well, I'd like to think it's like, you know, Ving Rhames is in the van  and Mission Impossible, and he's helping Ethan Hunt.
  He's helping Tom Cruise.
 Right.
  He's not on the front line, but he is somebody is on the team.
  So I'll be on the team.
 I'll be shouting.
  I'll be like, get him.
 Stop him.
  Stop that thief.
  And then from a van from a van parked at the side of your wedding.
  Yes, exactly.
  It's going to be a very long completely off the rails here.
  Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
  Well, but guys, don't hate me.
  I have to go.
 I actually have to go win a championship at the pack  and then hopefully bring it to Disneyland in Paris, which,  do you know, it's like 30 degrees there? Jesus.
  I thought it was going to be like nice weather in Paris.
  It's fucking cold.
  That was a lot of why I didn't like it.
  It was so bitter cold.
  Just the most frosty field.
  I was not.
  I didn't have the best feelings about it,  but maybe the magical still poke through, especially if you show up with that belt.
  I don't know.
 I'm staying at that Marvel hotel.
  So I'm not necessarily a Marvel guy, but the Disneyland Hotel  is close for renovation.
  Sounds like I might as well stay this Marvel one, I guess.
  It's got some theming, at least.
  So you hopefully I'm not a big Marvel guy, though.
  And I'm not a Marvel guy.
  It's not a Marvel guy.
 You know what I'm saying?  But it's only kind of Marvel.
  So it's like the hotel New York presents the art of Marvel.
  It's the most boring music.
  Yeah, the most confusing several themes at once.
  OK, it's weird.
  So, yeah, I don't think it'll matter.
  But they do have a planet Hollywood that looks like the old Orlando one.
  It's the kind of like, yeah, that might be where I have to eat that.
  OK, old school.
 I dig that.
  Yeah, that yeah.
  I walked into some door there  and a long enough time to see the mask from the mask  and then be yelled at in French to get out of wherever I was.
  I was scolded at Planet Hollywood.
  But you can take them on.
  You can take any any French Planet Hollywood.
  Well, if I have my championship, I'll smash them with it.
  And if I don't, I'll and I'm screwed.
  I don't have to run out.
  Sounds like a plan.
  Hey, Matt Cardona, you survived podcast, the ride.
  Thanks for joining us.
  Let's let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything other than all the stuff Mike said at the top  that you would like to plug?  Oh, man, listen, just the Mac Cardona.
  Follow me on social media, the major rest of our podcast.
  So I couldn't stay too long, guys.
  You know, I got championships to win.
  You know what I'm saying? You're everywhere.
  Pretty good excuse, I guess.
  Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You're tapping out, but we're we got a little more to come.
  So we'll continue.
  So I'm going to have to listen, though, which is cool.
  I you know, I already did my part about to listen to it.
  Yeah.
 So we then we have to make sure to not like shit talk during part two.
  Like, you know, I'm coming after you.
  OK, never mind.
  We'll see.
 We'll see if it's worth it.
  If the shit really good.
  But anyway, thanks for doing the show.
  Thanks, guys.
  Talk to you soon.
 Good luck.
  Well, guys, Matt is gone.
  And we are, of course, now recording this a few days after we had the interview  with him.
 And I want to announce in case people don't know on social media,  he has won the NWA World Title,  National Wrestling Alliance World Title, and he is currently in Disneyland, Paris.
  Yes.
 And has achieved.
  Wow.
 And has taken a photo with the title in front of the castle.
  Yeah.
 That is available.
  Wow.
 He called it in the episode and it happened.
  That's incredible.
  So I am glad we waited a few days to take to do this  so we could have confirmation that that happened.
  Look at this.
  We maybe like we've been talking about the PTR curse, but maybe.
  I mean, as has been said on Twitter, maybe it is the PTR blessing.
  Because look at this.
  We give Matt a little magic, goes and wins the title.
  Yeah.
 You have planet Hollywood, a little magic.
  And within the week of our episode, they are coming back in Times Square.
  And Matt has sent you photos in the Paris,  the only remaining old school tacky and the same  planet Hollywood on the planet.
  Yes, it is.
  Everything is coming together.
  Everything is connected.
  Everything is coming together.
  It's quite beautiful.
  Simulation buzz buzz.
  Yeah.
 And and also the planet Hollywood coming into coming to New York,  three or four stories, stories two and three are the planet Hollywood.
  First story, 100 seat chicken guy.
  Yeah.
 Boy.
  Saw Squad will have representation at the new planet Hollywood.
  It is wild.
 Yeah.
  Overwhelming.
  Because, yeah, it's been a roller coaster.
  We heard like we kind of learned for the first time that it was defunct.
  The planet Hollywood, the current one in New York is defunct.
  Jason, I think, maybe knew before, but it was a shock at first.
  I figured it out during the episode.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So because they had been doing takeout and delivery.
  Yum, yum.
  Yeah, that's what you want.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And I mean, I don't know if you guys saw this, but  Dive is coming back on an actual submarine.
  Oh, wow.
 The 300 feet below the surface.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You have to like you have to enlist.
  You have to.
 You have to be a Navy man.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You got to be in the Navy to experience.
  Well, but was this diplomatic negotiations that caused like a Russian troop drawdown?  It's like just bring back that if we can get going, we can.
  Yeah.
 Push back some of these.
  I when you say when you said that, when you said that you had enlist,  I looked at Jason, I looked away back to you and I looked at him.
  And then Jason has turned like he's put a full sailor suit on  and he's ready for Fleet Week, I guess.
  Reporting for duty.
  So I mean, it's a little sailor suit.
  I don't know if that's regulation with little shorts.
  It is a sailor suit with little shorts.
  Yeah.
 So it's and is the big lolly regulation.
  Are you given that?  Oh, yeah.
 When you well, typically when you if you if if they assign you  to the good ship lollipop, that is what what happens.
  Jason is admiral of the good ship lollipop.
  Oh, good ship lollipop.
 It is a sweet trip to the candy shop.
  Yes, sir.
 Yes, sir.
  Oh, boogie, boogie bugle boys will fall in line.
  By the way, to also keep tying things together.
  And, you know, like, OK, Matt, he left our episode.
 Yeah.
  To go win this title.
  And that's cool.
 But something that he missed out on was hearing  one last piece of crucial info about  WWE Times Square, which is that it used to be the Paramount Theater,  which is around from the 20s to the 60s,  where they hosted a lot of concerts from prominent acts, including  the Dorsey Brothers.
  There we go.
 Jason's favorite band.
  Dorsey Brothers play were in the building.
  So, Matt, you didn't get to react to you didn't get that Dorsey Brothers.
  Oh, man.
 Which is the real title, I feel.
  Jason has changed into a different sailor suit now, hearing that news.
  It's more of a double breasted.
  Yeah, it's like a dress sailor suit.
  It's a dress.
 Yeah, it's formal dress.
 Yeah.
  And he's ready for a big band.
  So congratulations, Matt.
  I, you know, I feel like we gave you some fun before.
  We were able to help you take your mind off of things and you're welcome,  you know, for for what we did for you.
  But now we keep plowing ahead because we can't miss these other  yeah, like restaurants.
  There's incredible ones, especially because we switched to in person,  which allows Jason now to show us this incredible artifact  that he has in reality.
  Yeah, this is the full menu for the WCW  Nitro Grill Las Vegas that was located in the Excalibur Hotel.
  And I just want to shout out listener Jason Query  sent this to us.
  Whoa.
  A while ago.
 February 2020.
  I remember driving to the forever dog office to pick up some mail  and I believe picking it up then in a balmy day in March 2020.
  And little did I know what awaited me after that from Wuhan.
  You started coughing as soon as you open the package.
  I mean, I have to think that was just coincidence.
  But yeah, WCW Nitro Grill, where the big boys eat.
  Where the big boys eat.
  Incredible.
 Jason was his name.
  Yeah.
  I'll say, OK, well, thanks, Jason, for that.
  It's wonderful seeing it in person and seeing a big thing.
  It is the menu itself is a big boy.
  That's tall.
 That is a way.
  This is not like some of these other that that WWE times square  one looked a little chintzy and we've seen other ones that like,  it's just a piece of paper.
  That's a mighty menu.
 It's great.
  This is here.
 I'll hand it to you.
  And thanks again to Jason Query for sending that.
  The only thing that I'd say it's lacking, I like hearing that  that big boys tagline and maybe the pictures in the menu somewhere,  because there are photos of the WCW stars at the time.
  The only thing that it's missing, as far as I'm concerned, is this great.
  Maybe you guys ran into it, I think, accompanied with that big boys tagline  was, I mean, you tell me the wrestler, it's a bald guy.
  And he's he's making this face like, ah, and he's got a knife and a fork.
  He's ready to eat.
  This is a big boy who's ready to get eaten.
  That big boy is Bill Goldberg.
  Goldberg, Goldberg, a very big star from the WCW day.
  He's still in WWE wrestling.
  Yeah.
 Gearing up for a big match in Saudi Arabia this weekend.
  That is true.
  That is where he's going.
  So, yeah, he's he's prominently displayed.
  And he is the big boy.
  I think they're showing off.
  Which is very I don't want to bring the lead.
  There's also a hologram.
  There's a hologram sticker on the front of the cover.
  Like you would find.
  From WCW to NWO.
  It's like you switch back and forth.
  You're seeing both logos, it looks like.
  That's cool.
 Yeah.
  So the the big the big angle in the old days was the NWO, the New World Order,  which was a group of I mean, the core was like Hall, Nash and Hogan  when Hogan turned from a good guy to bad guy.
  And so there was a war going on  and they were representing it in a hologram on the menu.
 Yeah.
  Just some background of this restaurant.
  This opened in May 1999 and closed in September of 2000.
  It was located at the Excalibur Hotel, which look, I love all the fine MGM resorts,  MGM Casino Resort hotels in Las Vegas.
  But the Excalibur Hotel has some fucked vibes.
  Like there is a dark energy in the Excalibur.
  Don't disagree with you, but I also really like the Excalibur.
  Yeah, I always stopped by.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And it was something in early 90s.
  My family and we'll do all episodes about it someday, I'd imagine.
  But like my favorite thing is that there's a weird little like it.
  So it's it's a castle if you've never been, obviously.
  And there's a big moat or lagoon in front of it.
  And I always like to point out to people that there's a little like thatch  hut that implies that some little like hobbit guy would come out of it  and lives there.
  And I found out that that was part of the lagoon show,  like a phantasmic type thing in early 90s Vegas,  family friendly days that they don't do anymore.
  So I'd love to know more about that show and what happened out of that hut.
  Yeah, I mean, that whole area that that and New York, New York, like lot  and Luxor, especially a lot of good themed entertainment  at their at the height of their powers.
  Yeah.
 New York, New York, I think of the budget ones is the one that I like  to go walk around and hang out at.
 Sure.
 They've updated it.
 OK.
  It's not so set in time.
  The the ways that the Excalibur has updated have all been pretty trashy.
  I mean, no offense to the nitro grill, but I would I mean, I think trashy.
  They would proudly say it is trashy.
  And that might also be how they describe its eventual replacement.
  Dixlas, last resort, which is listed as open.
  On the Excalibur website currently, we were concerned that like,  you know, all the Dixlas resorts were going.
  Dix closed in San Diego, which was a spot we would go once in a while  during Comic Con over the years.
  And I don't know, have I ever said this piece of information  that we learned when we were last last at Dix a few years ago?  The name of the dog.
  Oh, you told me, but I don't remember it now.
  Maybe I haven't said this before.
  So Dixlas Resort is a place where they would they go.
  They insult you, basically.
  You put on it's like Ed Debevix or other places like that.
  They put a big like paper kind of hat on you and they write something.
  And probably as of a couple of years ago, most of the jokes were just like,  this guy's gay.
 That was mostly the joke.
  Oh, you say as of a few years ago, a few hours ago,  someone at the Vegas waiter at the Vegas scrawled that on somebody's hat.
  Right.
 So there is still free speech somewhere.
  Yeah.
 It's the last place for free speech in the country is Dixlas Resort,  where you can just call people gay and hope to get a big laugh from it.
  But so there's like the character of like Dick and he has like a dog.
  And it's a very like, you know, Fritz, see the cat Fritz,  the cat style art and the dog's name from Dixlas Resort is Aspite.
  There's some original.
  That's original.
  I think there's I think I have a tweet.
  It might be five years or six years ago.
  I think I had a tweet trying to get Dix on board with Jason  to play Aspite in a movie or something.
 Yeah.
  But I don't they didn't respond.
  Dixlas Resort Films presents.
 Yeah.
  The least gay movie you've ever seen.
  Maybe that's not a good thing for Jason to be associated with now.
 Yeah.
  The homophobic restaurant.
  But this thing, though, I mean, the nitro grill vibe is so  I mean, this is you guys could tell this must be in line with the vibe  of the league in general, but it's such like it is intense,  shaky fonts like, oh, yeah, yeah.
  How shaky can a still font on a menu be?  And then it's all the food and items are revealed by  it looks like they carved out of steel to make and like not well.
  And symmetrically, yeah, somebody took a chainsaw to reveal the menu items.
  It's it's really funny.
  It's really funny.
  And it's better like the WWF New York menu looks like a menu.
  Like it doesn't look that little least gives you the vibe of like the graphics  you would have seen in the late 90s.
 Yeah.
  There's a very funny image of Hulk Hogan like doing a bicep curl.
  But he's just he's got a very tiny shrimp.
  He's bicep curling to get a shrimp to his mouth.
  Well, tiny in the like compared to him.
 Right.
  But that shrimp is huge for like imagine if that shrimp was in front of you.
  That's a mammoth shrimp.
  That would be as big as his mustache.
  It wouldn't be wouldn't give him a workout.
  But like, my God, that's that's really wild.
  And then he's wearing pants that are he's wearing Terminator pants and boot.
  Like it is lightning shooting up the pants.
  And then his boots have like Arnold's  robot skeleton face.
  Yeah, that's geez.
  This is crazy.
 That's Hollywood.
 Oh, boy.
  I wrote down some of my favorite menu items because they went all out.
  They did name the menu items what you would think they would be named.
  So like the onion rings are called wrestling rings.
  OK, great.
 That's so much better than everything else.
  Yeah, this is of all the things we're talking about this month.
  This is the only one that did it right.
  I think every single thing has a stupid name.
  It's so great.
 Yes.
  Chicken fingers are called broken fingers.
  And if you would like really good, if you'd like them on a roll,  that's called a broken finger sandwich.
  I'll have the broken finger sandwich is such a funny thing  to say out loud to another person.
  Slappuccino instead of cappuccino.
  Violent act of sipping a cappuccino.
  Yeah.
 Ring side salad.
  Pretty good.
 Pretty good.
  T-bone steak after Booker T.
  It's the Booker T.
  Booker T.
  Bone steak.
 Yeah.
  Penne pile up.
  Penne pile up on the list of power plant.
  Power.
 Yes.
  The power plant is where like guys would train or guys and girls would train.
  Yeah.
 Like they go from the range of specific like names of wrestlers  to just general stuff like, you know, they have the Booker T.
  Bone, but then they also just have big boy brownie,  which is where the big boys eat.
  Yeah, of course.
  We're all big boys.
  Heavyweight hot fudge Sunday.
  Cheesecake Uncensored.
  Uncensored was one of their pay-per-views.
  Some of them are paid.
  Some of them are named after pay-per-views.
  Some of them.
 Yeah.
  Spring Stampede Sirloin.
  Some of them named after wrestlers and some just named after violent acts.
  They're not all home runs.
  The Cho Cold Chili, I thought was an interesting choice.
  Usually a restaurant you want to avoid just the  like bringing up the idea of choking.
  Specter that hangs over.
  But it's pretty good still.
  It's pretty good.
 Yeah.
  I like the one that requires capitalization to make it work,  which is that's a diamond cut kind of where the stakes are.
  And that's a  broken rib, black eye.
  That feels like reverse.
  Like, shouldn't you capitalize the crazy broken rib, black eye?  Not vice versa.
  I think that's right.
  But I love it.
 They got to amend it to make it work.
  They have on the burgers.
  The burgers are all funny.
  But I think my favorite.
  Well, I should I'll say the other ones.
  They have like Sting Burger.
  Well, that's like in the way of Sting's career.
  That the waiter just lingers in the rafters above the restaurant  looking at you for a long time and then finally brings the burger  at the end of the meal.
 Sting, I think we've said it.
  I think I've said this in the podcast before, Scott.
  So Sting was a wrestler.
 He had a little face paint.
  He was almost kind of like a surfery kind of guy, like a real baby face,  as they say.
 And he would.
  And then all of a sudden, the crow came out.
  And I believe Dusty Rhodes was just like, we should just do that.
  And he just put the crow makeup on.
  Wow.
 And Sting became the crow Sting, which everyone Sting is great.
  He's still around.
 He's still wrestling.
  He's in AW now.
  But yeah, did the crow just did the crow.
  That's that's some of the great wrestling stuff of all time.
  As we're just one of the bookers like, hey, you know, we should just do  that thing in the movie I just saw.
  I think Dusty Rhodes is the biggest culprit of that, where it was just like,  I was watching a movie.
  I was watching a movie last night.
  And then like, here's what we should do.
  Do Austin Powers.
 Yeah.
  So, oh, man, did Dusty ever do an Austin Powers game?  I'm not sure.
  So so they have Sting burger, Hogan burger, Thunder burger,  which was the name of one of the shows, Thunder.
  But then they have the DDB.
  Oh, baby.
 The Diamond Dallas burger,  which smothered in Cajun spices, which I just I keep saying,  like they hit all of the things.
  Some of them are like kind of clever.
  Some of them don't really make sense.
  And some of them are like clunky like this.
  Yeah.
 Diamond Dallas burger.
  DDP.
 There's got to be a different thing that could be diamond down.
  Like Diamond House Page is the name of the guy, the wrestler.
  So DDP.
 So sure.
  But DDPs like a dish of peas.
  That could be that, you know, these peas.
  Yeah.
 I hate to give notes on a perfect menu.
  No David Arquette entree.
  Like no David Arquette nods.
  Well, when was it opened?  Nineteen nine.
 So it was 99 to September 2000.
  And then all of the all of the, you know,  intellectual property and shows and stuff for WCW, of course, in 2001,  was sold to WWE.
  Right.
 But the Arquette.
  So so maybe I've said this before on the show.
  So, Scott, there's a movie called Ready to Rumble that came out in the year  2000 with Oliver Platt and David Arquette.
  And it's promotion for the movie.
  David Arquette won the world title in WCW, which a very controversial  moment.
 Fans very upset about it.
  It's like an honorary college degree.
  Yeah, that's not the same thing.
  He's of course, he's made a documentary recently about trying to earn back  the respect of the fans for it from it, I should say.
  And pretty brutal documentary parts.
  Well, I was there.
  He wrestled a match against the guy that Cardona wrestled a death  match against and almost died because he got cut on the neck and had to go.
  Luke Perry drove him to the hospital.
  What? Because his son was wrestling on the show.
  This is all in Highland Park.
  Like, oh, wow.
 The high hat.
  That's in Highland Park, right? Yeah.
  It's all the high hat.
  We're watching this go down and we're like, God, David,  our cat's really taking a lot of abuse in this.
  And they're like, oh, is he bleeding badly from the neck?  So I'm just saying the point is I don't think there was enough.
  Arquette wasn't there long enough to make the menu, but yeah,  he should be on the menu.
 He's part of history now.
  Yeah, something's like char brats, char kit.
  Oh, perfect.
  Our cat broiled.
 Yeah.
  So so it would be we could make maybe make an insert  and add some stuff we think should have been on here.
  So the char kit, I think for sure.
  Goldberg or two goldberg or great  and crippler cross face cheese steak.
  Yes, that is that is a very dark one.
  That that move has been used by a lot of people.
  But look that up, folks, if you want.
  Yeah.
 So it's a it's a cheesesteak sandwich that could cripple you.
  Yeah.
 I mean, there's such a weird like just this picture  of Kevin Nash on the menu with this awful looking cheeseburger in general  that he's not holding.
  He's not holding.
 And it's no way it's that big.
  Yes, I don't think it's that big.
  No, it can't be that big.
  It's the same thing with the Hogan and the shrimp.
  Like the food is not mutant size, I don't think.
  We've seen pictures of this boys.
  Everything's 30 percent bigger.
 Yeah.
  So, man, springboard shakes,  which is like springboard is like when you jump off the top rope,  basically like you spring off the apron on the top rope.
  It's really like it's so it's so the opposite of what WWF New York did.
  And like whoever was in charge and like for some reason,  this stuff isn't well documented.
  I'd love to know who was in charge.
  Who got to do this? Yeah.
  I had to think of all these.
 Well, this man on earth.
  The thing because I read a book by this writer, Bill Handstock,  about the history of WWF last year, two years ago.
  And the I feel like the McMahons had a complex about wanting to be  not even wanting to be old money, they just want it to be new money.
  So that's why the headquarters are in Stamford, Connecticut.
  Oh, yeah.
 They wanted the respectability.
  Like they were making so much money there, like we should be respected.
  We should be have the respectability.
  And there is a sense of the WWE menu.
  It looks like a steakhouse menu,  even though the contents are like Ruby Tuesdays.
  Yeah.
 What Tommy Blanchett said is that the food was actually not bad.
  And that the vibe in there was all right.
  He said he found it to be like on the wrestling scale,  kind of a classy affair as opposed to Nitro Grill, which was like trash.
  But the but I think trash is what they're aiming for.
  Well, proudly and hitting Vince has always supposedly been  anything you can see evidence of it has always been a little bit embarrassed  by wrestling pro wrestling.
  That's why he changed the name to Sports Entertainment.
  As far as WWE and everyone's got to wear suits a lot behind the scenes.
  Yeah.
 And it's all like there's a there's a one of my most quoted.
  There's a movie called Beyond the Mat, which is a documentary  that Barry Bloustein made where he follows like Terry Fung, McFowley.
  And there's a scene with Vince in the office and where Vince  just and it's one of I say this maybe a couple of weeks.
  I go, oh, we make movies, which is something Vince says to the camera,  which I think gives you his feeling.
  I think he always wanted to be more of like,  I think Ted Turner and guys did a lot of different things,  not just a wrestling guy.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  With, you know, the football league and the other thing, like his other endeavors.
  So I could see that maybe even being part of it.
  But maybe that's just totally a fluke that he was just like,  because they eventually took the WWF off of it.
  And it was just the world.
  Yes.
 You could see like Vince, maybe he's just like, we're in the nightclub.
  We make nightclubs.
  We don't do wrestling anymore.
  Yeah.
 And even restoring that paramount, like archway, like does add  like New York, New York, old society.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  Respectability.
 I was trying to find I couldn't find any clips,  but I swore King Kong either climbs that or walks by it.
  And the Peter Jackson one.
  Like, yeah, I don't know.
  There was just a million.
  I mean, there was a million of those kinds of arts ways.
  Let's be frank of New York in the 30s.
  So they may have well CGI something like that.
  And that's that's one is recreated in various theme parks.
  I forget if that's the one.
  I don't know if it is at Universal Florida.
  I think one of the entryway, maybe into the arcade  or right around that New York, the mummy area.
  Yeah.
 Unless there unless I'm wrong and it's the paradise,  but it's one of those old school.
  And I think you see that paramount in in Race Through New York with Jimmy Fallon.
  I'm fairly certain.
  Yeah, I was thinking, too, this is something that, you know,  A.
W.
 has right now, the company, the wrestling company  has a lot of like WCW influence in it.
  They've got some of the announcers, some of the old school feeling stings there.
  He's still in the crow makeup.
  Feels like something that a Tony Khan, who runs the league,  could put somewhere around an A.
W.
 restaurant with this type of menu.
  Mm hmm.
  They want to destroy the league with a single restaurant location.
  Yes.
 The drags down the entire operation.
  His father owns the Jacksonville Jaguars.
  So they have money.
 OK.
  Oh, so they've got one.
 They should.
  If you got money, then please waste it on it.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 At least a pop up.
  That might be the modern equivalent.
  It's less, you know, the rent on a themed entertainment menu.
  And it's more like a weekend long pop up food.
  Yeah.
 Like the Save by the Bell restaurant.
  And I said recently that the Doughboys had a A.
W.
  announcer Excalibur on, who also does PWG out here.
  And Mitch tried to get, you know, get the Doughboys into A.
W.
  I think he went about it the wrong way, saying they should be managers  because Excalibur seem not interested in that at all.
  But what I would say right now to Tony Khan is three guys who do a podcast  and have done a month about chain restaurants.
  We're the guys to help make the new menu for your eventual themed restaurant.
  Yeah.
  That's how we could insert ourselves into A.
W.
  We're the restaurant guys.
  Practical.
 This is realistic.
  Yes.
 And we can steal.
  We're stealing it from Doughboys, who obviously are food associated.
  So we have a feud going too.
  That's good.
 We're coming in with a business plan and a feud.
  Yes.
 So anyone who knows Tony out there or Tony, if you're listening,  we're the guys, we'll put together a menu for you.
  And let's make this happen, I think.
  Real quick, too, that we forgot to talk about the drink menu.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Which I like this.
  One of the first of all, one of the different headers here says fans  with like a period after each letter, because it stands for frozen,  all natural smoothies.
  Fans.
  Fans.
  There's a lot of flip.
  But like even that, like they could have just said smoothies  and they went the extra mile to try to make it something else.
  The categories, they do everything.
  They find, they're finding the possibilities in every part of the menu.
  Exactly.
 And there's a Bam Bam Blitz named after Bam Bam Bigelow.
  There's the Nitro Chino, which is a slap a Chino and ice cream.
  So it's referencing a different part of the menu, which you have to appreciate.
  Callbacks, callbacks to the menu.
  Sharp shooters, which are shots.
  Sharp shooter is Bret Hart's submission finisher.
  OK.
 Brain freezers.
  Fear the spear.
  Fear the spear.
 That's Goldberg's finishing move.
  It was the spear.
 It would be basically a tackle.
  Jaeger Meister parrot, Bay Coconut, rum and pineapple juice.
  No, we should make fear this year.
  We should try fear the spears.
  We should do that.
 Yeah.
 Why?  Look, if we have if I have the bachelor party, we should all at least  recreate fear the spear in Vegas.
  At Dix.
  When we go to Dix in Vegas for the bachelor party,  we're going to make the waiter in between him.
  Waiter, I need a shot of Jaeger, a shot of coconut rum, a shot of pineapple juice  and an empty rocks glass, please.
  It'd be like, OK, well, hey, were you sucking each other's dicks in the bathroom?  All right.
 Yes, it's the bachelor party.
  We're having fun now.
 Give us a fear the spears.
  You homophobic waiter.
  I'll yell on the ropes.
  Yeah.
 So all this stuff, the drink menu.
  Scott, let me ask, what do you think of the wine list at WCW Nitro Grill?  Well, I don't appreciate that they called it the wine list with an H  as if by by having some of the wine that you offer,  that I am being some kind of whiner, right, to spend it with.
  Now, granted, what was I doing about fear the spear just now?  But whining.
 Sure.
 That's true.
 Sounds awful.
  I would rather have even these.
  I don't know.
 You might be looking at a different generation.
  I was going to say, yeah, what does because this doesn't have that.
  Yeah, that does.
 Oh, this is different.
  They changed it.
 They turned it into the wine.
  Oh, interesting.
  Well, that's probably like leftover misogyny from the 90s or something.
  Right.
 Nothing wrong with having some mum extra dry sparkling wine.
  My nice visit to the WCW Nitro Grill.
  Now, if you ordered wine in the Dix last resort, they might say you're a whiner.
  Something they might still keep up that tradition.
  But that's interesting.
  Yeah, they did.
 They either changed it or like they changed it at some point.
  So how?  So I well, then I like your menu.
  And I thank Jason for sending us the menu that was not insulting  to my favorite beverage.
  So also the entrance to this place, like you have a photo of it somewhere.
  I don't have the entrance now.
  It looks like it's not a large photo,  but it looks like this is kind of the set of the show.
  Another good another slam against another body slam against WF  New York, because it was like just like a chain link fence.
  And then in the actual dining area, there is a circle like the entrance way  of the show.
 Like it's just so much so easy, like so much easy stuff they did.
  So smart.
 It didn't help them survive, but also the company went under.
  So I don't know.
  Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.
  This is like but the legend lives on as with a TV show.
  Yeah.
 Cancel before its time.
  This is the freaks and geeks of, you know, they didn't reap the rewards then.
  But now we speak of it in glowing terms.
  Yeah.
 Also, the server aprons were world titles.
  Cool.
 I mean, look at there's the others like a black apron.
  But then they had like a picture of the WCW world title on them.
  She's all the trouble that Cardona had to go to to get a belt.
  He could have gotten a job at this restaurant.
  Here, some of the bar, some of the bars were themed around pay-per-view events to  the bash at the beach bar had booths that were made to look like shark teeth.
  I found a picture of that.
 That looks pretty awful.
  It's a bunch of like, you know, like the the rings on boats, whatever that the  rescue ring.
 I don't know what that word is.
  It's pretty that that room is pretty chintzy.
  Yeah.
 But at least they tried.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Themed rooms.
  That's something.
 Yeah.
  Well, also, I don't know if you guys watched the video promoting this place.
  I think I did.
 But there is one element to it that really puts it over in terms.
  And this was only, I guess, on opening night.
  This wasn't a regular feature of the place.
  But there is a cooler person who was present  at Nitro Grill than I'd say I've heard any of these other wrestling restaurants.
  Let me let me give you a taste of this.
  Welcome to the Nitro Grill.
  And let's get ready to party.
  So much zooming in and out and DJs and stuff and then like Sting and Goldberg  there.
 But somebody else off the beaten path.
  Here we go.
  Kevin Eubanks from Tonight Show Bass.
  I did not see that.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Because you know, Kevin wrestled in WCW.
  Oh, OK.
 I didn't know that.
  Right.
 He did a run in during the Jay Leno.
  You have to have seen this.
  OK, so Jay.
  So everything is connected, I guess.
  So Jay.
 OK, with Jay's Jay's appearance.
  Hold on one second here.
  I just want to make sure I'm right, because it's confusing.
  Like Rodman wrestled.
  Karl Malone wrestled.
  Oh, that was all WCW.
 OK.
  Jay Leno wrestled Hogan.
  It was a tag match.
  I think I believe it was Jay Leno and DDP.
  Oh, great.
 Is that right, Jason?  I think that sounds right.
  Yeah, it was Jay Leno and DDP versus Hogan and someone else at Bischoff,  I believe Eric Bischoff, who was the guy in charge of the league.
  And then Kevin did a run in and Kevin has like white, like cut off  sleeve kind of shirt.
 And Kevin was like in good shape.
  And I think Kevin threw a cutter like a diamond cutter also in the ring.
  I think Kevin got more involved than Jay did.
  Jazz guitarist and the Kevin Eupinks.
  Yes.
 Everyone cheering for him in the wrestling ring.
  Yes.
 And Jay wrestled.
  And I think Hogan and Jay did an angle on The Tonight Show as well.
  I think there's a clip of them hyping up the match.
 Oh, great.
  Yeah, here's Kevin.
  I don't know if you can see this.
  Kevin's kind of got like a sleeveless white shirt.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 And he's jacked.
  It's cool.
 He looks cool.
  But you almost could tell, like you could kind of tell Jay was  not fully in into this idea, but maybe Kevin was like, this is my shot.
  Kevin might.
 Kevin seemed like he was a real fan.
 Wow.
  So, oh, yes, I am a I mean, look, no offense to these other restaurants.
  But hey, you know, Matt wasn't so high, I feel like on this time square.
  I think Nitro Grills by far.
 Yeah.
  We don't nobody was there on the ground, but yeah, it sounds  sounds pretty awesome.
  Yeah, there's I'm you banks being there is really exciting.
  I'm surprised no one has done anything with you banks again  because it seemed like he's a big fan.
  I mean, maybe he's a little too old to get involved now, but  that would be a fantastic callback.
  Yeah, there's something because there's a lot of sort of retro stuff going on.
  Even in like G.
C.
W.
  I feel like you could do a Kevin Eubanks run in still with the white  same exact sleeveless shirt action figures of wrestling mode.
  Kevin Eubanks.
  Scott, what is that?  Where is the Eubanks clip?  What is the name of that video?  That's got a WCW Nitro Grill commercial in 1899.
 Great.
  OK.
 So I can watch this watches on my own time over and over again.
  Big TV.
  But there is another competitor, I would say, for potentially  greatest wrestling affiliated restaurant of all time.
  I think we have to give at least a little bit of time.
  How could we not nod to in the celebrity owned restaurant month?  To the great, the mythic, the legend Hulk Hogan's Pasta Mania.
  One of the dumbest things of all time.
  I feel like there is a love.
  There's a degree of happiness I've had in my life ever since.
  I whenever the first time I learned of Hulk Hogan's Pasta Mania was  that phrase and knowing it was in the Mall of America.
  That's just a fact you can carry with you the rest of your life.
  Yes, makes me happy every time I think about it.
  And so it is so fun, like Hogan, like from the pictures,  like the badly drawn picture on the front of the worst menu,  the worst start for sure.
  And and, you know, I mean, well, this isn't the last time that we'll see  one of our chosen celebrities holding up a big plate of pasta.
  But it's it's it's a pretty funny one, right?  A funny guy to see holding up.
  God, it's funny.
 Yeah.
  Looking at you all intense.
  Oh, some of this.
  Well, and just some of the details they chose to emphasize one.
  I just remember seeing years and years ago, like one of the like  print ads or something.
  It's like pasta healthy for kids.
  And it's like, well, it's not totally bad in reasonable quantities, but healthy.
  This is that was his whole angle.
  I feel like promoting all of it is like, yeah, you got to eat your pasta, brother.
  Eat your pasta.
  Yeah.
 And the mix and match pasta is I mean, I have one of the menu pages here  or it might be the menu page.
  I don't think there was a lot of options, but just the list in bright.
  So badly printed, just like not straight  printing seemingly on bright hulk yellow paper.
  It's really something like this would be a cool,  independent local wrestling show, not the menu  for one of the most famous people in America's restaurant.
  In a really prominent location, in a really prominent location.
  He looks like on the front of the menu, the draw, the little like drawing of it.
  It looks like his hands have that he doesn't have hands  and they're just permanently plates of pasta like he he's like a me air.
  He's like, yeah, Edward pasta hands or something.
  But something else is off about this menu that really stuck out to me  under mix and match your options for pasta, angel hair shells, fettuccine,  penne, nuggets, nuggets, pasta, nuggets, excuse me.
  Is that pasta nuggets?  Jason, you've never had pasta nuggets?  I don't know.
 Unless that's like, does he mean chicken?  No cheese or something like no key.
  No key.
 What am I saying here?  I'm trying to think of like the bigger pieces of pasta.
  I mean, that's like, is it a kidified way to bring up?  No key.
 Yeah.
 Maybe pasta nuggets, pasta nuggets.
  I don't know.
  I mean, it does say, you know, it's these are some of Hulk's  favorite international pastas, which I'm sure he really consulted  the countries of the world.
  Travels abroad.
  You know, I'm getting white clam pasta nuggets, brother.
  Pasta.
 I travel far wide, brother, to find the best pasta nuggets.
  You can eat as much pasta as you want.
  Don't eat too much sushi.
  Oh, too much sushi.
  Oh, great.
  The greatest is how lazy this whole thing.
  It's so great how lazy it is.
  It feels.
 Yeah, there's too many.
  It didn't last a year at the Mall of America.
  It wasn't even a year.
 It wasn't even a year.
  I think there was another one.
  Was in the food court, too.
  This might be the smallest location we're talking about this month.
 Yeah.
  Hulk, Hulk, or onion cheese for little pasta maniacs.
  Little pasta maniacs.
  And then would you consider yourself a little pasta maniac as a child?  Oh, or now?  I mean, spaghetti and meat,  sauce and sausage was a once a week affair at my house.
 So, yeah.
  So, yeah, you were a little pasta maniac.
 Sure.
  Sorry, Scott.
  I got to put your pasta maniac money where your mouth is, brother.
  Come to the Mall of America.
  Show me how much pasta you can eat.
  I'll stuff you full of Hulk.
  Hulk EOS.
  Hulk EOS is on the pasta maniacs menu.
  But who knows if I'm saying that right?  Maybe only Hulk himself could tell me Hulk EO.
  And what is that? What's the Hulk EO?  That has to be like they bought like bulk quantities of spaghetti.
  Oh, yeah.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  Well, I don't know if Hulk himself even knows  how to say some of this stuff, because this is look, it's a longer clip.
  I'm tempted to play the entire thing because this, I think,  is one of the greatest things a camera has ever been pointed at,  which is this is from WCW Monday Nitro, September 4th, 1995.
  And this is this is the Hulkster himself in the Mall of America  promoting as aggressively as only he knows how.
  Here's Hulk trying to get the little pasta maniacs to the Mall of America.
  All right.
 Michael Jordan's got his restaurant in Chicago.
  Coach Don Schueler, the Miami Dolphins.
  He's got a steakhouse with WCW's own world heavyweight champion, Hulk Hogan.
  Children just like surrounding like just a mob of children.
  Oh, God, in the tiny, the clearly there is no room to order in this little location.
  So Hulk's being mobbed.
  But this guy's going to fight through the mob.
  He's got pasta mania in the Mall of America.
  I want to try to get a word with him.
  If I could squeeze in there, Hulk Hogan coming up  debut edition of Monday Nitro.
  You've got Big Bubba in the main event.
  Who's the greatest wrestler in the world?  You know something, Eric Bischoff, tonight on Monday Nitro  pasta mania is going to all my hulking maniacs running wild.
  And I've eaten so many hulkeroo's and hulkyoo's.
  I feel sorry for Big Bubba, brother, because tonight, brother,  first time on TNT, I'm putting the WCW heavyweight title on the line.
  And with pasta mania running through my brain,  this is the debut episode.
  Wait, really? Of Nitro?  Yeah, it's the debut episode on TNT coming to you from Mall of America.
  And there is a essentially a local food court restaurant  commercial in the middle of it.
  It is.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  It is so crazy because like WCW crosses over like wrestling  and theme parks and all these rest.
  It's like Mall of America.
  They did shows there.
  And then you could also see it in Universal Studios.
  Like there's a long tradition of wrestling at Universal CityWalk.
  And the early days of Disney, MGM, which we haven't barely even gone down.
  That's right.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 So in mall, you're in all our favorite places.
  So I guess that's like that was the idea, maybe partly for having pasta mania there.
  Well, and there was there was a whole big separate event,  which you can watch in pretty camcorder quality.
  So it's not really worth playing, but it's worth that.
  You can look that up on YouTube.
  And it's just to say the official name of that event.
  That is the Hulk Hogan's pasta mania grand opening pasta challenge.
  You can see in this flyer macho man is part of it as well.
  But that I've thought about that so often over the whole grooves and all the use.
  I don't think I don't know if Hulk, you is anything we spell.
  I never pictured the spelling of Hulk.
  You look at the videos which we just found.
  I think that's what he thinks he's saying.
 Yeah.
  But maybe that if maybe he hits his restaurant, he's telling us  that spelled like iOS at the end.
  But Hulk, you would be H.
U.
L.
K.
  A Y.
O.
U.
 or Hulk or or O.
O.
  Like you who?  Hulk, you and what is you?  Yeah, I don't.
  It's it's all so unclear.
  This is one.
  This is one of my favorite things about wrestling is that  like people learn how to do like a promo, which is like they're cutting a prom  like that, that he's doing the same energy as if he was.
  He's trying to weave in the angle with the big Bubba.
  Is if he's going up against like this is all a challenge to his opponent.
  But the opponent is the notion that children would not come.
  Exactly.
  Pasta is possible from him.
  So like there's been that's happened.
  I feel like in recent times there was there was a clip.
  There's a wrestler in A.
W.
  Eddie Kingston, who is so good as far as being like a talker and on the mic.
  And there was a clip where somebody is like, hey, cut a promo on this chocolate  chip cookie.
 Now, that's like a self aware version of this, too.
  And he did it.
 He does like a really intense promo talking about the chocolate  chip cookie.
  Or I saw a wrestling legend slash home shopping legend, Don West cut a promo a  couple of years ago at a convention.
  I don't do you guys remember this guy, Don West?  It was not home shopping.
 It was like a different thing, a different network.
  And they would sell beanie babies.
  They parodied it on SNL.
  Was it on QVC?  No, it was something.
  It was like a less a less good QVC.
  There was a sketch.
 You remember the Mark Hamill like home shopping sketch?  Yeah.
 So this was a parody of a guy named Don West who eventually went on to  announce wrestling and he was a guy who would talk like this.
  Can you believe it's like my taffer impression, but he would be like, we have  the glory bear, we have Tabasco the bull.
  I can't believe this deal.
  He's like only nine hundred and ninety nine dollars for these are all on YouTube.
  Watch them.
 They're amazing.
  We have 50 retired beanie babies.
  How are we doing this?  And he would go nuts.
  And we watched it all the time as kids.
  And then he would be became a wrestling  announcer and I saw him cut like do a promo like this a couple of years ago,  live in person in Schomburg when there was a wrestling convention before AEW.
  But it's one of my favorite things is having like seeing people just go into  their schtick like this with any sort of topic.
  It's really fun.
  Well, just the other day, the Super Bowl  started with the rock cutting promo on the Super Bowl, like selling us on the idea  of the Super Bowl on the field at SoFi Stadium.
  It's probably a massively planned market  because it's like WrestleMania is there next year.
  Yes, he'll probably be in a match.
  NBC, you know, Universal was broadcasting the Super Bowl.
  Like it's it all just kind of like ties together in the background.
  So, yeah, Hogan doing this with pasta is very funny.
  Yeah.
 And he kind of like half looked.
  They had no time to prep this just like kind of like,  he just like check out the menu and maybe share a couple of things we have.
  Yeah, OK.
  He looks at Hulky.
  Oh, just mixes up in his brain.
  All right.
 OK, you exactly we got somebody.
  OK, you like right before like they're like, he's like, what am I doing?  OK, what is it?  Pasta? Tell me some of the dishes.
  And then they're like, here it is.
  And he goes, all right, I got it.
  And he just does the thing he does all the time.
  And it's fantastic.
  You got to be stuffed in your face full of hocus on your brother.
  We don't have hocus on you.
  That's not a thing.
  This doesn't matter.
 Just let him go.
  This could immediately generate some goodwill for like Disney.
  If like Bob Chapek or Josh tomorrow  like recorded a video where it's like, we heard your cries and they're back  at Disneyland Resort, the parking trams are back.
  You've waited years.
  You want Bob Chapek to cut one of his trademark problems.
  Bob Chapek cuts a promo going like the Food and Wine Festival back.
  The parking trams are back.
  That's more of an Eisner energy, though, what you're giving me is like  that Eisner yelled a lot, but he had definitely had that like  manic quality sometimes, but not aggressive.
  Chapek looks like we know that when he speaks, he's very soft spoken.
  But he also, you know, like big bald dude, he could like if you looked at him,  you might think that he could speak like that.
  Yeah, and everybody's only making him angrier and angrier.
  Like he should just be a heel.
  He should be a heel.
  Yeah, that is true.
  He's he's right on the line right now because this happens in wrestling where,  you know, people are getting booed, but they don't quite want to go to the dark  side.
 So he's a tween.
  He's like a tweener, they call him, where they're in between being a.
  Oh, but to the audience, a lot of the audience is getting booed.
  So he really should just embrace it.
  I've seen your petitions and shove them up your ass.
  Did you know that the Star Wars Hotel  Cruise ship Han and Leia spent some of their honeymoon on it?  But you'll never see them walking around in the park, you scumbags.
  J.
J.
 characters only because JPEG rules.
  Understand.
  Yeah, you don't like Lightning Lane?  Well, everything is Lightning Lane now.
  Pay for each ride and the entrance ticket.
  Cat's a Lightning Lane to get here on the freeway because JPEG said so.
  Oh, Kathleen, Kathleen,  she comes on screen with a garbage can and drops like DVDs of like,  this is the uncut original trilogy and just throws it in a garbage can.
  Like they.
 Oh, man.
  Should also start wearing the sting face paint as well.
  Oh, yeah.
  Statistically, it is likely that Disney  owns the crow and we just have missed it somewhere in there.
  It ended up at Fox 2000's portfolio at some point.
  Of course, they probably own that.
  The crow.
 He's in Star Wars now.
  The JPEGster says so.
  Oh, what's this?  The last copy without McClunky.
  Oops, McClunky this crack.
  It really doesn't like cuts his own forehead with it.
  Yeah, it's just blades on stage.
  I love this JPEG.
  JPEGster, I think, is the way to, you know, because you don't have to like him.
  He's just got to get the job done.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So well, then, OK, then tomorrow has to run in with a chair and like,  but the big twist is that he just turns heel to.
  No, everyone thought he was the good guy, but no, he's bad.
  Maybe he's worse tomorrow.
  You're not going to be so pretty when I'm done with you.
  And the big, yeah, it's like the end.
  So the NWO reveal was that Hogan was the bad guy.
  He was the he was the mystery man.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  So it could do a similar thing where tomorrow everybody  always they thought tomorrow was daddy, but he's bad daddy.
  NDO, Disney order.
  Yeah, exactly.
  And I'm your new Disney daddy and you're going to like it.
  And, you know, like there's a wrestling  faction called the Bullet Club that generally they end up kicking out their  leader a lot, so like it's always kind of a turn on them when they're not expecting  it.
 So like Iger's like doing his final wave goodbye and then tomorrow and  Chapek attack him.
 Oh, yeah.
  And Iger is dead.
  Yeah.
 And he puts him Kenny Omega's finishes, the one winged angel  puts him on his shoulders and like drops him real hard aggressively.
  And that's what Chapek does to Iger through maybe jumps off the stage at a D23  through some tables.
  Well, yeah, everyone notices it's like, oh, there's very elaborate, like three  stories scaffolding, two stories scaffolding.
  Wonder what that's for.
  You wanted your Yeti back so bad, Everest.
  Well, guess what? We put up.
  Guess what? We have a new Yeti.
  It's Iger's dead body.
  We too.
  We glued some fur on it.
  Boys, isn't that scary?  And he's not going anywhere because Chapek says so.
  Man, he really should.
  This is the way this is the future for him.
  One thing before you pass Pasta Mania, which is that the I found picture.
  Oh, wait, two things.
 What?  So, yeah, immediate decay.
  It's gone so fast.
  And then the inexplicable  eventual like fate of the Pasta Mania sign.
  You guys seen this?  Yeah.
  What? That the marquee was just sitting in like a vacant Minneapolis St.
  Paul lot just like and not over a door, just over a regular wall with a bunch of  trash in the parking lot, depending on there's a lot of photos of this.
  And you can get real sad with them if you want, because there's real bitter snow  around there.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I'm obsessed with how did the Pasta Mania  sign end up on some random like auto parts wall?  It's so miserable.
  But I love it.
  Someone bought it and then was told, get that out of the garage.
  I want to park my car in there.
  Somebody's wife.
  Yes, his wife is like, it was enough.
  Do you undersold how big it was?  I thought it would hang on the wall.
  OK, we could we could buy a new car for the cost of this.
  Yeah.
 Instead, it's taking up space,  put it somewhere, go call your friend at the junk parts place.
  You know, there's more.
  There's so much.
  I mean, Hogan has it now like a real seemingly like kind of trashy place called  Hogan's Beach, which I believe is in Tampa.
  It's a new place.
  Like we don't have time on the show right now to even get I'm sure there's more  funny Pasta Mania shit out there, too.
  But like, yeah, where did all the pieces go?  Like all five pieces, all five.
  And you know, there's that I mean, I guess you're right.
  There's not that much.
  But it's acknowledged still to this day  because that you guys see that the Mall of America has a log flume ride.
  Oh, yes.
  And there is a Paul Bunyan and a babe, the blue ox.
  And I found photos of Paul Bunyan wearing a pasta mania torn shirt  with a yellow chef's hat, his big like his big axe.
  There's pasta dripping off of it.
  I don't have the photo, but there's pasta coming out of the ox's mouth.
  And he's got a big belt that says he's like the pasta champion of the world.
  And I saw these photos and I was like,  that's so funny and cool that they promoted the opening of pasta mania  by dressing up Paul Bunyan.
  No, no, no.
  I kept digging.
  This was for Halloween 2019.
  Wow.
  That is so much cooler than what so many theme parks do.
  Acknowledging the weird history of your place.
  That is awesome.
  That is like a Knott's Berry Farm type of we know what the fans of the place  want to see.
 We're nodding to the history.
  We don't hide from it.
  It doesn't cost a lot of money.
  You know, it's there for the people who want it.
  You know? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Geez.
  Awesome.
 Awesome.
  Yeah, that is great.
  Yeah.
  Just like you have to pay like a Disney,  like a couple hundred bucks to get like a retro night like that.
  That might get close to acknowledging some dumb shit.
  Once briefly they do it, but like, yeah, they don't want to.
  You could tell.
 Right.
  Well, what do you do?  You want to name check anything else before before we wind it down?  Well, I mean, we didn't even get to the Scott Steiner Shoney's restaurant,  which is sadly closed now.
  Scott Steiner is one of the beefiest men in wrestling.
  I would say Big Papa Pump is his nickname.
  OK, Scott, let me let you know.
  He only cares about two things, his freaks and his peaks.
  And his peaks, his peaks are his muscles.
  A peak.
 Yeah.
  Like it's a mountain.
  You know, like we shown the bicep off and he says his peak.
  And he that's what shape says about but he means the Disney means he meets  the mountain, Disney Mountain, Matterhorn Mountain.
  Yeah, he really shouldn't call the fans a freak.
  So it seems like counterintuitive.
  Well, he's healed now, though.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, the big bad booty daddy is another nickname.
  OK.
  Yeah.
 So he I forget if he actually owned it.
  I think he like was a franchisee, like franchisee basically.
  Uh huh.
 And he had a big opening.
  I guess we could put some pictures up, but he had a big opening in Hall  Hall and Nash, Kevin Nash, Super Shredder.
  They were there.
 Some other friends of the WCW days.
  And they're all posing with Shoney Bear.
  Scott is you know, Scott usually Shoney Bear.
  Shoney Bear is a mascot of Shoney's.
  I've never been or I've never like there's no Shoney's around me growing up.
  So I don't know anything about Shoney's.
  There was one Shoney's around us as a kid.
  And it was only there for a brief moment.
  And we went once.
  And as a kid, I was like, this sucks.
  This is like it's a kind of a breakfasty place.
  But the toast was burnt.
  The meal wasn't very good.
  Again, for a kid to notice, it means it's probably pretty bad.
  But did you ever go to Shoney's?  No, I used to confuse with Perkins.
  There were Perkins here and there growing up.
  But Shoney Bear was just basically like kind of a genericy Teddy Bear.
  That was the man.
  It probably still the mascot of Shoney's.
  So Scott had franchise this location and it's great because where was it?  Where was this guy's?  Oh, shoot.
 My phone is now dead.
  So could you look up Scott's side of Shoney's?  And specifically for the listener, he is usually wears like a chainmail headpiece  combined with Oakley sunglasses or at least one of those two things, often both  at the same time.
  So imagine that next to the Shoney's logo.
  Ackworth, Georgia.
  There you go.
  Interesting.
  And this only started in 2016.
  Yes, and the pandemic killed it.
  It's recent.
  And yeah, he usually my phone is here.
  Usually Scott looks like this guy.
  But then he had like the shirt on, like the shirt and tie.
  He did wear a shirt for his Shoney's.
  Yes.
  And he had a little like a memorabilia case of all Scott Steiner related, you know,  title belt and pictures and stuff.
  But yeah, Nash Hall, Scott Steiner with Shoney Bear.
  Wow.
  Right there is one of my favorite photos.
  Great.
  And there's a really scary looking picture  that is now accepting applications of like Scott Steiner with both of his peaks out.
  Oh, yeah.
 He's flexing.
  And it looks really scary, like you're applying to a haunted house or something.
  Yeah.
  Are you man enough to work at my Shoney's?  Yeah.
 You man enough to clean my restroom.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Can I have off to go to prom on Friday?  What do you think?  Maybe the peaks can answer that one freak.
  His he was also Jeff Jarrett was there at the opening of Buff Bagwell to WCW Legends  and just fantastic.
  I wish it's closed now, sadly, I think during the pandemic.
  But I never got to go to the Scott Steiner Shoney's.
  What do we give the belt to everything we talked about today?  Now that we've thrown in Scott Steiner Shoney's.
  Well, let me throw one more menu item.
  I forgot to shout out.
  I don't think we said it.
  Crush rooms.
  We didn't say crush rooms.
  The episode almost ended and we didn't mention crush rooms.
  Crush rooms are so good.
  What a failing that would have been.
  Thank you, Mike.
  That's the best one.
  Yeah.
 Crush room.
  Crush room.
  Bringing violence into the act of eating.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Well, there's no question with that.
  If there was any question before you say crush rooms,  I think the the world's heavyweight wrestling related restaurant title  to the championship of the world obviously goes to the WCW Nitro Grill.
  I think so.
  Until Cardona's can get up and running off the ground, which I think I should  pitch him that it should go in the giant indoor water park that the showboat  hotel that he has wrestled at a couple of times now, I feel like is building  as they wait for their gaming license to come back online.
  Seems like a good place to invest your money.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  For it, Matt.
  And yeah, until until Tony Khan reaches out to us and we help him make the first  AEW restaurant.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, again, we got luck on our side.
  We helped Matt.
  We brought back Planet Hollywood.
  And I think this is one of these endeavors is going to happen by virtue of us  talking about it in this in this big boy of an episode.
  Very big boys at home, happy with your content.
  You show it down like a bunch of big plate of hookah youth.
  Then if so, you survive podcast, the right wrestling restaurants edition.
  Boy, that was fun.
  Hey, more celebrity to come on both the second gate and the main feed.
  So much fun to come.
  Yeah.
  Do we do?  Do we save the best for that?  We may say the weirdest for last weirdest for sure.
  Yeah, it seems right.
  Do I have the plug things in front of me?  Hey, thanks, Aaron, for the the celebrity logo.
  Follow the celebrity happenings on our  Twitter podcast, the ride merch available in our public store.
  And for one last celebrity celebrity episode this month and the one that just  dropped about Fashion Cafe and Mariah's cookies, go to Patreon dot com slash  podcast, the ride.
  Yeah, actually, we make Jason cut a promo as we leave on one of his favorite foods  or like Oscar rings.
  The concept of Oscar ring.
  Yeah, like the challenge.
  Like that it's something that he thinks it won't be devoured by Jason, but it will.
  Right.
  I maybe Oscar like.
  Yeah, I'm going to ask you.
  So, yeah, you're a wrestler.
  And like that's one of your things is you're not going to beat somebody,  but you're going to Oscar them up.
  So your rise.
 OK, let's see.
  You're having a feud with  like another like you're feuding with Nick Weigert.
  It's a podcast feud.
  OK, doughboys host Nick Weigert.
  And you're basically saying you're going to beat him up.
  But you don't see you talk on only food terms.
  OK, so that's the prompt here.
  All right, Nick, Nick, listen to me.
  I know you're hearing this.
  I want you to listen to me right now.
  You're weak right now.
  You've been a fit guy in the past,  but you're coming off a year of not eating meat.
  And so I feel pretty comfortable in saying that I am going to Oscar the hell out of you.
  Oh, and I have a leg up and the nutrients and the delicious, tangy flavor of crab  mixed with a savory egg based sauce, a mother sauce, if you will.
  Yeah, it's going to be a real motherfucker for you, son.
  Oh, wow.
  I like the methodical character you have.
  Yeah, you know, he's not putting the voice on.
  He's he's confident in his abilities and he's just a stone cold killer.
  But he's crazy and he's got a vast supply of Bernays sauce.
  Yeah, he's going to make all of their podcasts.
  The hose, like Steve, I drive a beer truck, but the hose sprays Bernays sauce in the ring.
  Or just that to them.
  Like, like there was a match where Orange  Cassidy pushed Chris Jericho into a giant vat of orange juice.
  But it's it's warm sauce.
  It's congealing.
 That sauce also was very difficult to make.
  And like, you got to eat it fast before it congeals.
  Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
  That's a Dorsey Brothers song.
  Jason Sheridan is in the arena.
  Oh, my God.
  What's that? What's that?  It's a big band song.
 What's that hose full of?  Oh, my God.
 He's clinking, clanking crab legs together.
  We know what's about to come.
  Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
  That's Jason Sheridan.
  Oh, yeah.
 And it's not it's like the the Warriors.
  But instead of Coke bottles, it's stone crab legs on my fingers.
  Oh, Wiger crab meat shall you eat in the year twenty twenty two.
  There's a crab and there's a there's a gimmick called the Brood.
  They were like vampires.
  They would do a blood bath and maybe there's like a crab bath.
  So there's a wrestler in the ring and crab.
  Oh, just crab and old bass.
  Just stinging the eyes.
  I know you're a heat seeker, Wiger,  which is great because you're going right to hell.
  He's just like, you know, actually, not bad.
  Three forks.
  OK, buddy.
  Hey, that was fun.
 Thanks.
  All right.
  Forever  dog.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett  Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your  podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest forever dog  news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking  our page on Facebook.
