 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome back to Celebruary here on podcast The Ride,  The Second Gate, I'm Scott Gardner,  Mike Carlson back as well, hi.
  I'm here, what a Celebruary it's been.
  Been a thrilling Celebruary,  how could it go any other way, Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Hi, another exciting one today.
  I think so, and one thing I think adding to the excitement  is that I think we'll frame this  where I think the listeners will see a slash in the topic  that you guys, that nobody here sees.
  It's related to you, we know about the Fashion Cafe,  of course we know about the Fashion Cafe,  but the part two you all don't know about.
  The only thing I can say, I think it ties together  because I think both of the topics are about  glamorous ladies getting into the food business.
  So be prepared for glamor today  and joining us for the glamor.
  Back for more Celebruary, back in The Second Gate,  your domain, Eva Anderson, hello.
  I'm back everybody.
  Yay.
  Yay.
  For your continuing Celebruary presence.
  Oh, I wouldn't be anywhere else in the world.
  This is my favorite thing right now.
  I'm just so glad you're not  celebrating Celebruary with anyone else.
  Oh, I wouldn't dream of it.
  Honored that it's with us.
  And especially this because when I told you  that we were doing this a while back,  I feel like maybe, I don't know how we landed on this,  but I know we texted about the Fashion Cafe for a while.
  I don't know if it was like of your own volition  that you started looking up this thing  or how we got there, but I remember we were both  very intrigued because there's like, well, there's a guy.
  There's a great guy in this.
  There's always a guy.
  There's always a guy.
  I feel like you started using this term  and I think you coined it, which what does a guy mean?  A guy is just like one of these enigmatic sleazebags  who we come across who you, I guess, constantly bump into  when it's this kind of mega budget stealing money  from people kind of property.
  Mercurial might be a way to describe.
  Mercurial is a good word.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yes, yeah.
  I guess we do, I mean, who's a guy?  I guess Robert Earl's a guy.
  Steve Wynn.
  Steve Wynn's a guy.
  Thelma and Fertitta.
  Thelma and Fertitta's a guy.
  There might be two guys in this one.
  Who's the other guy?  Sometimes there's a guy above a guy.
  Sometimes a guy gets bailed out by a guy.
  Oh, yeah.
  Absolutely, yes.
  The ultimate guy, truly the ultimate guy.
  Sometimes the guy is the son of a guy also.
  Not here, I'm just saying in general,  sometimes when you go, oh, who's the guy in charge of this?  It's the son of a guy.
  Oh, yeah.
  Like, so this guy, who created this confusing app  where it sells toys to people?  Oh, it's the son of a guy.
  Like when you, like that often happens, I find.
  Yeah, a fail son.
  That's a way to put it.
  That's a flavor of guy.
  Fail sons and fail daughters are flavors of guys.
  Yes, sure.
  Right.
  Well, we're gonna meet the guy,  but I guess we should first meet the girls.
  And this is, okay, so the Fashion Cafe was a business  that opened in 1995 and was gone by 1999  in an explosion of lawsuits and fraud.
  And when now, Mike, you brought this up right away  with Celebrity-Owned Restaurant Month,  how there's gotta be an asterisk next to that word.
  You're right.
  And the asterisk really applies here because I don't,  I don't think the women themselves were clear  on if they owned the restaurant or not.
  I'd say they did not.
  I think they didn't.
  They didn't.
  They were involved.
  They got something out of it,  but I think they got a lot taken from them as well.
  Yeah, they were famous for sure.
  That part we know.
  Celebrity chick, restaurant chick owned.
  But they were more like the Planet Hollywood celebrities  towards the later run where they didn't have to give them  functional legal shares.
  They had quote unquote shares  or interest in the company.
  A very generic company, very generic name by the way,  because if you Google Fashion Cafe,  you find restaurants just name that all over the world.
  Yes.
 Oh yeah.
  And he got sued, I think by somebody.
  I think, of course there was a Fashion Cafe before him.
  Like he didn't think of putting those words together,  but the guy in this scenario, we'll meet the guy later,  but Tommaso Booty is the name of the guy.
  But he just was, it was beyond like that he saw it  in passing and then called his thing that.
  He knew a guy who owned a Fashion Cafe was in the cafe  with the owner.
  I love it here.
  Then just took the name and did it himself  and got sued later.
  Yes for forgiveness, not permission.
  Yes, he could deal with the comeuppance later.
  The point is he got it open in beautiful Rockefeller Center,  a place where people, where finally fashion meets burgers  and waffle fries.
  Like it's not particularly high end food.
  A lot of these places are essentially serving  what the TGI Fridays down the block is serving.
  And in most cases doing a worse job than a solid TGI Fridays.
  Cause that's what they do.
  Cause TGI Fridays there, that's the business they started in.
  It wasn't like an afterthought of a name  and of having openings where supermodels show up.
  Well, I think I actually started more excited.
  I think it was a popular singles bar and like cocktail,  like kind of like Tom Cruise cocktail,  like crazy cocktail mixing.
  And then.
  This has been explained to me.
  Flair bartending.
  Flair bartending, that's the term.
  TGI Fridays you mean?  I think TGI Fridays, yeah.
  That's kind of cool.
  In Manhattan, I think I accidentally went to one,  I was there and didn't realize it was at the original one,  one time.
  When I like had like an hour to kill  between meeting college friends in the city.
  Was it the one in Times Square?  The multi, cause there was a three story one  in Times Square at one point.
  I don't think it was that.
  I think that one came.
  It was by Studio 54.
  Maybe it is.
  I don't know.
  I feel like I went to one in Midtown.
  Oh man.
  It was like, so Coyote Ugly and TGI Fridays  were kind of the same like horny bar.
  Were they're dancing on top of the bar at TGI Fridays?  Oh, I hope so.
  Yeah.
  Cause I was going to say,  Coyote Ugly, if you don't have the bar top dancing.
  Yeah.
  And eventually evolved into the office space,  appetizers, pieces of flair kind of.
  Yeah.
 We're not knocking the one opposite Knott's Berry Farm.
  Obviously it's like, you know,  still a fine establishment.
  But did follow a similar arc and plan Hollywood in one way  in that for years they're like,  and we've got Jack Daniel's chicken,  which is like, it's just a very super sweet glaze  that would put on chicken tenders and steaks and stuff.
  And now if you look at the TGI Fridays menu,  they're like whiskey glazed chicken.
  Like they've clearly lost the licensing  for their very sweet sugar chicken.
  Oh, I see.
  Yeah.
  Tennessee whiskey flavored.
  You hit 10 years and you're like,  what's it worth it to us to pay the company for the,  everyone knows what's on the chicken.
  There's like, you know, I go to a Sonic  whenever there's one around and I get a little slush  with some nerds candy in it.
  And they don't call them nerds.
  They call them like fruit candy, but they're nerds.
  They just throw a bunch of nerds in your slush,  but they don't call it that.
  They can still use the nerds.
  They just don't, they can't use it in the name.
  Unless they're making their own nerds.
  That sounds weird.
  It's great.
  Does it hurt your teeth?  I feel like they get cold and you couldn't chew them  and they'd be chalky and squeak against your teeth.
  It'd be interesting to compare which of the three of us,  like our teeth, like who do we think has the best  and worst teeth compared to our diets?  I just had my first cavity.
  Wow.
  In my life.
  Okay, you have good teeth.
  I have very bad teeth.
  And you have really good teeth.
  Yeah, well I have cavities all the time.
  Oh, interesting.
  I've got caps and shit.
  Really?  Yeah, I had like maybe a sealant 20 years ago  on one of my back teeth.
  And then I literally just, for the first time ever,  they drilled like four months ago.
  Fantastic teeth.
  But it's just luck.
  It's not.
  I only had one cavity, but it was in a baby tooth,  I think, that I eventually lost.
  So Jason has better teeth than you.
  You both have exceptional teeth.
  Stunningly great.
  I am shocked by this.
  I guess mine are much worse.
  I have a little bit of plaster on a front tooth,  but no one ever noticed it.
  I had a dentist once go like not catch it, like a new dentist.
  So I was like, by the way, I got a like just plaster there.
  And he's like, oh, I didn't even see that.
  Let's get a dentist on in one of these episodes  and he'll do a live like explanation  of how good Jason and I's teeth are.
  Do you guys floss?  Well, here's the thing.
  I wasn't flossing very much, but until the pandemic,  I could feel there was something wrong with one of my teeth.
  And then it freaked me out.
  And I've been like so good about flossing for now,  like a year and a half or two years.
  You only just picked up flossing and yet no cavities?  Well, I would floss, but I wasn't floss like every day.
  I see.
  But yeah, I got pretty scared.
  I'm impressed.
  Wow.
  Literally, I think it's luck.
  I think it's luck.
  Yeah.
  Well, now listener, you know our dental records.
  You've been wondering, we're getting close  to 500 episodes or something.
  When are they going to get into it?  But I don't think that our smiles could compare  with the glamorous ladies of the Fashion Cafe.
  So the lineup here, Naomi Campbell, Elmick Fiersen,  and Claudia Schiffer were the first three joined later  by Christy Turlington, who was also the first one out.
  She got out before the others.
  Does anyone have any thoughts or memories or feelings  about any of these supermodels?  Well, they were the best ones.
  They were right up there.
  90s was a big time for supermodels.
  They had a lot of just psychic power over, especially girls  my age at the time.
  Claudia Schiffer ties back into the universe, you know why.
  Of course.
  The old, maybe the best guy.
  Who came to the opening.
  Oh, yeah, he was there.
  Present at the opening, Copperfield's girlfriend.
  The hottest person a magician has ever dated  was Copperfield and Schiffer.
  They're always creating the illusion  that the beautiful assistants are or could be with them.
  But this is usually not the case.
  In this case, yeah, wow, he really did it.
  Also great in Batman and Robin, obviously.
  Yes.
  Or maybe are in it, at least.
  She's in it.
  Yeah, she, wait, wait, Batman and Robin, who does she play?  Bruce Wayne has a girlfriend, but this one's not like a.
  I think that's El McPherson.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah, sorry.
  OK, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  I got confused.
  I got confused.
  And I don't think I was, I wasn't  doing that thing where I was trying to lure you  into a trap where I was like, oh, I  know what he's talking about.
  So OK, El McPherson is Bruce Wayne's.
  What's her name in it?  That's a reference I should be pulling out,  like every once a day at least.
  But it's not a very dealt with character.
  No, she doesn't have a lot to do in that movie.
  No, no, they did not elect to have to really go  into the love interest there.
  Can I say I think fashion, when I first  started reading about this, I was a little confused  because, yes, supermodels wear lots of high fashion.
  But Fashion Cafe to me, I feel like my first thought went to,  like, oh, OK, so like Gucci and Versace and Armand,  they're involved in this place.
  No, it's a supermodel place.
  Now, the Donatella Versace and Gianni Versace  were at the opening.
  And there is like gowns and high fashion  attire in the restaurant.
  But then also, I believe later on,  was it is the detailed Jada Pinkett Smith's dress  from Nutty Professor or Nutty Professor 2?  Like, that's what they pointed to, like the new installment.
  They had a little event for like, we've got the dress.
  We've got Jada Pinkett's dress from this movie.
  Well, there's an explanation for that.
  But it involves introducing the guy.
  You know, I think the guy is going to keep factoring in.
  So by all means, let's bring the guy into it.
  Do you want to introduce the guy?  Tommaso Booty.
  Tommaso Booty.
  One of the booty brothers.
  And he was 28 years old when Fashion Cafe opened.
  Wow.
  And just his quote that explains what you're saying,  Jason, is, with something like this,  you cannot go too deeply into fashion.
  The public is not that educated and not that interested.
  Not that interested in the topic that I  am starting a business about.
  They want to see more the glamour and the entertainment  of fashion, which means supermodels, not designers.
  They don't care who makes the clothes.
  They just want to see the beautiful ladies wearing them.
  Yeah, which they will not see when they go to the rest.
  No, the women will not be there.
  There might be a picture of them.
  Although, I really tried to find proof of this  and could find none.
  But I saw an article that said that there  were animatronics of the first three women.
  So Tarleton was too late to get an animatronic.
  Did anyone else come across this?  No.
  I didn't see that.
  I read that.
  I saw it in two sources.
  I saw some video that had a quick shot of what  looked a lot more like a mannequin.
  So they might have been exaggerating  what animatronic meant.
  But in one of the articles I saw, this owner,  they were talking to Tomaso, or he was around.
  And somebody was saying, we're working hard  on the animatronics.
  I don't know.
  We've only got Naomi done.
  And he says to the reporter, yeah, they'll get done.
  It'll be fine.
  And there's like a month to go.
  I think there's only a month before the opening.
  And then elsewhere, I think MacPherson says, oh, yeah,  I'm going in for my sitting this week.
  For a sitting for an animatronic?  They're making an animatronic of you  that has to be done by the end of the month,  and you haven't started the process.
  So this is going to be, I think, like the Hatbox Ghost, where  there was a legend that the Hatbox Ghost was  in the Haunted Mansion when it first opened.
  But this was disputed for years because there  wasn't good footage of it.
  So it's written about there were pictures of it.
  And Tony Baxter was one of the only guys that was like,  I was there and I saw it.
  And then finally, they found footage of it years later.
  So this will be a hunt we'll be on maybe for a long time  is to find picture proof that there  were some sort of animatronics in this place.
  Or the animatronics just appears one day  like the Hatbox Ghost does.
  It just appears in Planet Hollywood in Malta.
  Or wherever.
  Or the spot it was in before.
  It's the Banana Republic.
  It just is in the corner?  Yeah.
  People are like, oh, Ellen MacPherson  is in this Banana Republic.
  Slightly moving her finger and shifting her eyes.
  She pops straight into Banana Republic clothes.
  It's horrible.
  Eva, that quote does remind me of the designer  of the space of Planet Hollywood going,  I wasn't making something for Haute Cuisine.
  I was making something for the Jeans Brigade.
  And we're all just like, what does it mean?  I've never heard the Hoy Paloy refer to as the Jeans Brigade.
  Should you be calling your Cliffords the Jeans Brigade?  Would they like that?  Hey, sound off if you want to be the Jeans Brigade Cliffords.
  Well, they love being Cliffords.
  Every one of them loves being that unloaded name.
  I mean, yeah.
  We know they're all Jay Leno's life enthusiasts.
  And they know about his affinity for denim.
  So I guess you could call them.
  And it's a good utilitarian thing  to wear to theme parks.
  Also, you could be starting to build a Warriors-esque groups  of fans.
  Oh, sure.
  They could fight each other.
  They had different turf.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, like when factions fight in wrestling,  we're going to have stable wars.
  It's like the Jeans Brigade versus the Cliffords.
  So each one of us will have to lead one of the armies,  I think.
  So Jason could lead.
  Jason's Jeans Brigade.
  Yes.
  But Jason, I feel like, is going to be the most willing  to lead the Cliffords, I think.
  Maybe.
  Because Jason's the biggest fan of the movie, Clifford.
  It turns out I was leading all of them this whole time.
  I was pulling the strings behind the scenes.
  It was me all along.
  It was me all along, Austin.
  You wanted them just to destroy each other?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's how this has to go out.
  Yeah.
  You're like God in the Mark Twain claymation,  where he makes all the men, and then he makes these, like,  fight.
  And they, is Satan?  That's Satan, right?  I'm not sure.
  I don't know what claymation this is.
  The Adventures of Mark Twain, anybody?  Oh, yeah.
  By the California Raisin Sky?  Yeah, yeah.
  I know what you're talking about.
  I've never seen it.
  I know what you're talking about.
  There's a really disturbing thing  where Satan makes clay people and then makes  them destroy each other while these little kids watch upset.
  It's shocking this has not come up before.
  Yeah, it's weird.
  Before we had just forgotten more than we've ever remembered.
  A really low amount of Wilvinton, honestly,  for considering who we are.
  Well, you know, look, they had other,  they had prominent items.
  They had a Madonna cone bra.
  They had the Armani suit that Jodie Foster wore to the Oscars  when she won for Silence of the Lambs.
  We remember the suit, of course.
  Iconic.
  Color, we know the cut.
  We all know the set.
  Now you can go see it in person and eat a pizza next to it.
  Then there's not, like, the food identity of this place  is nothing.
  Except for, Eva, as you referenced,  that all of the, before we start recording,  that all of the models got their own item.
  This is kind of the only thing, one,  you get to pick one food or have someone in your organization  pick a food that might represent you.
  This is pretty, like, flaccid, this attempt  to tie the models to the food items.
  Right.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  You would think, again, I'm just repeating myself  over and over again, but you'd think if you were involved,  you would be like, fun food is what we want.
  And at least if you were like, we're famous  and we're the draw for this place,  that's what the idea is.
  The models are the draw.
  You would think that would be fun to order.
  I don't know what, the Schiffer sherbet or something.
  There's something to that.
  Oh, an SCH?  Yeah.
  Except that there's the general immediate issue,  which came up immediately, which is that models don't eat food.
  And nobody associates fashion and model, specifically super  models, with delicious food.
  And so that came up right away.
  And then in one interview, Claudia Schiffer  was like, so defensive, obviously.
  So she said, you can never generalize.
  She scolded.
  I love chocolate.
  We love so many different things.
  We have French fries, hamburgers on the menu.
  And then to prove the point, all three pose for a photographer  while nibbling chicken and fries.
  Of course.
  See, I know there's unreasonable expectations  from those people, especially in the 90s,  when the media was just so insane.
  On the other hand, when they try to talk like a normal human being  about food, they do come out sounding very strange.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Not like the actors who are already primed for the camera.
  So it sounds normal when they say, I don't like food at all or chewing.
  I want my food to be a pill.
  It's like the 40-year-old virgin conversation  about sex with eating food.
  Yes, a hamburger is wonderful.
  It's a fluffy taste in your mouth.
  Like, just words that make no sense.
  When it flaps against my teeth, when a chicken piece flaps on my teeth.
  When I sling it in my mouth and digest it, it's just like a,  it slides down there and I enjoy it.
  I've eaten a hamburger before.
  When I sink my fork into a milkshake, nothing is better.
  But they did try to tie themselves to the thing, Naomi's Fish and Chips,  or the other ones.
  Which one's from Australia?  Noel McPherson's from Australia.
  So it was Elle's Shrimp on the Barbie.
  On the Barbie.
  Of course.
  Every Australian eats.
  And what was the other one?  Claudia's.
  Who else is from somewhere?  I had it.
  Would have.
  Did Claudia tie hers to Copperfield?  She's German.
  Uh-huh.
  I have to go back in my notes because I just have this open ready to drop the fact  that Elle's name was Julie Madison in Batman and Robin.
  Julie Madison.
  Famous Batman character.
  Now I can leave this screen on my phone.
  They didn't write down their other foods.
  They were boring enough that I don't have them.
  The point was their presence.
  And the point that they're going to be at the opening, they'll be at the groundbreaking.
  I read that at the groundbreaking, the models all burst through a paper backdrop like the  Kool-Aid man.
  That sounds good.
  That is good, yeah.
  And then of course, there was the gift shop component.
  We've come across this in every one of these thus far, besides the little mom and pop,  Alan Hales.
  All of these businesses are predicated on $1,500 bomber jacket.
  In this case, $1,500.
  We were finding some expensive stuff with dive and Planet Hollywood.
  Here, I mean, it's fashion, so they're going to up the cost of the clothes.
  $1,500 bucks for fashion.
  That's $1,000 more than the dive.
  The most expensive dive jacket.
  That was in dollars more.
  Side note, Claudia Shivers was a steak with roasted potatoes and breadcrumb topped cauliflower.
  Wow.
  Really?  What's that though?  I was also pulling up Claudia's New York strip.
  It's her New York because she lives in New York.
  I don't know.
  They just stopped trying to connect it by that point.
  Back to this $1,500 jacket.
  Do any of them exist anymore?  Do we know what they look like?  Yeah, are they on eBay?  Did we find any?  We could do an eBay check.
  Yeah, I found.
.
.
  You found a jacket?  You found a jacket?  I think I saw at least a picture of the jacket here.
  I just want to know because dive stuff is pretty plentiful and obviously plan on Hollywood  stuff is very plentiful on eBay.
  This one is so much less.
  Here's a $300 one on Poshmark.
  What sweaty value?  I mean, imagine.
.
.
  What color is it?  Jason, name the colors.
  Tan sleeves, blue back.
  Oh no, it's finally opening.
  Tan sleeves, blue back, a star on it.
  Are those fashion coffee logo?  Yeah, I mean, there's a few of them.
  It's the most generic looking, like it may as well just say sports team.
  Like they're super small, but.
.
.
  What are they thinking?  There has been, I'll say in the celebriary, there has been.
.
.
  Except for one, maybe the last Patreon of the month, there's been like a jacket in every  episode.
  Am I wrong?  Yeah, I think so.
  There's a jacket and the last one coming, a different kind of jacket.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, but there's.
.
.
  Yeah, okay.
  Yeah, that's really.
.
.
  That looks like the same as the sports one.
  Wasn't the sports place also just a star?  It was probably from the same wholesaler.
  Yeah, there's a bunch of the tank tops on just Etsy and stuff and they're so ugly.
  They're really ugly.
  And that's the one place they could have had a cute shirt.
  They should have had a cute 90s belly shirt.
  Yeah, why not?  I kind of like what the models wore, just these like white shirts, just regular t-shirts  looked kind of neat, but I don't know if you could get those.
  Yeah.
  And of course, you know who looked great at the opening?  I mean, besides certainly the models, but of course, our favorite model, Minnie Mouse.
  I don't know why Minnie was there.
  This isn't Disney affiliated or in a Disney-owned property.
  If you look, it's real Minnie.
  It's not like Times Square Minnie, right?  Yeah, yeah.
  It looks like real Minnie.
  That's theme park quality.
  Yep.
  Yeah.
  But why was Chip at Planet Hollywood?  What was that?  Why was Chip at Planet Hollywood?  That one was at Disney World.
  Okay.
  So that's, yeah, that explains that one.
  He was in the area.
  It's where he lives.
  It wasn't a long drive.
  The timing was such that some places, fashion cafes were opening across the street from  Planet Hollywood.
  Like they were around the same time.
  Yeah.
  And there were articles about how this is like, they're going to be competing with each  other.
  Yeah.
  Really?  How did this, this all took off so fast and just too many of them like, and before any,  like Planet Hollywood had sort of proven success in like one location, but not a ton all over  the way.
  And like kind of right as their downturn started was by the time the other ones got themselves  together and open so that every other one of these opened with like, when you go look  up what the newspaper articles were, it's like, well, the trend is dying and yet people  are still trying to get into it.
  So you're already on the downturn.
  It's really weird.
  Yeah.
  This neck of the woods, this part of Manhattan was also where there, I walked by one time  like Alfredo's, I think it was called Alfred.
  This has come up on the show before.
  It was an outpost of Alfredo of Fettuccine Alfredo fame's restaurant.
  He had restaurants in Italy, Epcot center and briefly a small place in Manhattan.
  Mm hmm.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah.
  Ben, you just want to like, you just want to say his name and think about his food.
  I do want to think about his Fettuccine Alfredo is one of the best things I've ever eaten.
  Really?  Like Alfredo's like recipe is really good.
  Did you have it in Epcot?  Yeah.
  No, a bunch of times because it used to be in the Italy pavilion.
  Okay.
  I had it then.
  I think the reason it's not is because when they introduced the meal plan, they're like,  you got to be part of the meal plan and the restaurant went, no, we are a real, real restaurant.
  As a child, did you know that this was famous?  I knew it was Alfredo's.
  You did?  I knew it was Alfredo of Fettuccine Alfredo.
  Wow.
  Were you jacked about it?  I was.
  Yes, absolutely.
  Jason did a book report of it.
  He dressed as Alfredo for a class presentation.
  I didn't even order it that my brother loved Fettuccine Alfredo.
  I never really ordered it that much except like there.
  That's cool.
  Did everyone here like do a Walt Disney biography or like a paper on him at some point?  I did a presentation in a class that the teacher liked so much that I was asked to do it before  the entire school.
  No.
  Which I did proudly.
  And then after the fact, I thought like, but why did they're just, they're already bored.
  Why like, and now an extra thing.
  I was going to talk about Walt Disney for no reason.
  Anyway, did you?  I did.
  Yeah, I did.
  Jason, you do one of them.
  I don't think about him.
  I think I like prepared like once or twice went during the school year.
  And so I was like, you know, they're like, well, you might have to do a little like paper,  you know, to make up for your time or something.
  Oh, because you were pulled out of school to go to Disney.
  I remember one trip I was like frantically like back of the room at night and like on  the plane reading Dracula, like the novel, because I thought like I had to read it when  I got back.
  And then when I got back to school, they're like, yeah, we didn't get to Dracula.
  Yeah, we actually like Huckleberry Finn took to or like something.
  And I was like, what?  What I read?  You gave me a photocopy.
  This was always a thing the teachers did, like where they didn't have enough books or  they were in such bad shape.
  They didn't want to take it home.
  I'd like a photocopy stack of papers on the novel.
  Right.
  I remember that.
  Yeah.
  That's funny.
  Although I'm jealous of that because I never got pulled out of school for anything fun.
  Never.
  We were not alive.
  I was not allowed.
  Hmm.
  So even for a fun vacation anyway, sorry, sorry to I get to don't mean to brag, but  I got pulled out of school so I could watch Spy Hard.
  How about that?  Really?  Yeah.
  Right at the end, fifth grade senioritis.
  Wow.
  Even my parents didn't.
  I got to see one of the finest films ever made.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Spy Hard.
  What day did I get to do?  I got pulled out for anything fun.
  Geez.
  Then Midwest.
  You must go to school every day.
  Does your mom subscribe to the second gate?  Does she hear these?  Uh, I think it's my dad is playing them on his phone.
  Okay.
  Well, if that's the case, because you know what happens, she's going to dispute it.
  You're going to get a text saying, no, remember one time.
  No, she'll agree with me.
  I think she'll be like, yes, and that's good.
  You're right.
  You never did.
  And that built character.
  What that means is you got to like blow off a day of commitments, boot up to be and just  watch Spy Hard like at like 11 a.
m.
 one day.
  So I'm going to, I'm going to bail on you guys once on a record day and I won't even  tell you I'm not coming.
  And I want to do it.
  We get a picture.
  You'll Instagram story yourself watching Spy Hard.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Still laughing.
  Laugh for more.
  Actually better than naked gun.
  I'd say maybe I'd say way better.
  Yeah.
  You guys will have to use like your iPhone in the episode you record.
  I'll sound like shit.
  You're not going to bring up.
  And we have to do it.
  You're going to make us do it.
  You have to do it because we're in the files.
  They're due this week.
  Sorry, fellas.
  Come up with something.
  But it'll feel good because I know like you were still because like in order to recreate  that experience, that's some whatever I'm ditching has to still be going on for me to  feel satisfied.
  Like school didn't stop if I if you guys went.
  Is it just me giving permission?  Make it too.
  OK.
  We have to record shit at least that you can stay home and watch Spy Hard.
  I just try to think of what Jason and Scott have in common that Mike's excluded from.
  We were trying to figure that out.
  We read the needle.
  We just talked about Mike a lot.
  Yeah.
  It's like Georgia, like Georgia and Elaine when they got to just talk about Jerry.
  They just make fun of Jerry is the only thing they can bond over.
  So yeah, we'll figure it out.
  That's what we do.
  It's for us to Dracula.
  We'll just try to combine what we have to know about Dracula.
  Yeah.
  Anyways, so it's up and running.
  It's happening.
  They're doing pajama fashion shows.
  They're welcoming a Nutty Professor dress.
  It is booming.
  Maybe not ever.
  Maybe I don't know that this one ever was working at any point.
  It was working.
  It seems like for a few months, it's where all the like openings were like all the parties  were.
  So if you were having like a launching a fashion line or something like that, you would have  the after party at Fashion Cafe.
  That's the only thing it was ever good for at all.
  But it seems like very briefly at the beginning, there was a line because the Ruth Reichel,  New York Times review of the restaurant was where it mentioned, did you guys see it had  a seven page menu?  Wow.
  The menu is seven pages.
  Why?  For what?  Different types of fries.
  It's like a roadside diner with like a giant menu where like most of it's not made well.
  Yeah.
  And then and she had to wait in line and then she said that the food was fine, like edible.
  But yeah, but there were articles in the in like W Magazine and stuff of just like that  it was a party place brief until it all went to hell.
  Okay, okay.
  So that aspect of it worked.
  They did a trick.
  And why not?  Because what a great backdrop because you enter through a camera's lens and you there's  a runway.
  And I saw an article that said and said the wait staff will bring you your food on the  runway.
  I'm like, no, they won't.
  They're not going to like go out of their way.
  If it's a dinner rush, they're going to like get it out as fast as they can through whatever  means.
  Like, I eat just standing on the run.
  Like, like it's like what you're like burger like treat like a past canapé.
  Like you're just like handed to you and you stand on the runway and eat a plate of chicken  fries.
  Walk, walk back and forth.
  You're not doing the show.
  Walking.
  I have to say again, there was pieces of fashion on the walls, but then there's like this wall  that just looks like the painting of Gotham in a Warner Brothers store.
  It just says fashion.
  Yeah, that's like really with yellow spotlights with a star in the middle.
  That's like models felt OK about being there for the fancy parties.
  I mean, I guess they probably didn't care a shit.
  They don't.
  They weren't like so worried about like whatever.
  Where do I have to go?  OK, it's only us paying attention.
  Pretty fun.
  The velvet rope outside.
  I mean, for the first few months, this might have been practical.
  The like, yeah, there were at least a theme.
  Like at least there was some theming.
  You got to get at least at least they get some points for that.
  The big camera.
  Yeah, camera is pretty good.
  I would love to walk through a camera lens.
  Yeah, sure.
  That's so fun.
  That's like the honey they shrunk the kids playground shit.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, yeah, I shouldn't be disparaging.
  And if they had animatronics, then I don't know.
  They I guess they had something cooking here.
  Yeah, if they had animatronics, you still yeah, it's still better than 90% of all restaurants.
  Just by that fact, by virtue of a fact, even if it was a mannequin with a head that blinked  and that was it.
  Yeah, pretty good.
  Well, so they had some good things going, but they had a very bad thing going, which  is an owner who seems like the most crooked of any.
  I don't you know, I'm interested in Robert Earl, but I don't I don't think I'd use the  word crooked necessarily.
  I think he made some weird bad business decisions.
  But this guy just from the get go never, I think, intended to just do things cleanly.
  It was always about like siphoning stuff so you can have nice cars and buildings.
  Did you read the Vulture article?  Maybe not.
  The New York Magazine article?  I don't know which I read.
  I read various various Tommaso materials.
  So this is a description of Tommaso Buti from back in the day.
  He's handsome, but not exceedingly so.
  He claims to be five foot ten, but appears to be at least an inch or two shorter.
  In fact, seated behind an enormous desk in his sprawling Murray Hill headquarters, which  once housed Andy Warhol's factory, the diminutive Buti might easily be mistaken for the boss's son.
  Buti says he never reads books and can recall only two he has completed, Pinocchio and Den of Thieves.
  Indeed, it seems fitting that both his boyhood fantasy marriage and the financial scandal  that has engulfed him are dissolving simultaneously.
  But yeah, he's like a con man.
  This is another quote I just liked.
  He attended, so he grew up like his dad was a bottle cap maker.
  He was super poor.
  He attended school in Florence and was by his own account a very poor student.
  I am a two plus two kind of guy.
  Oh wow.
  A great guy to run a complicated business.
  Yeah, he comes to New York and just starts scheming.
  Yeah, he also created a story that was like he moved from Florence to America in search  of a better life and with a dream in his pocket.
  But it was like, seemingly if you asked around, it was that he was avoiding a payment on a  BMW.
  He didn't want to complete.
  He was kind of chased out by creditors and came to America and was not rich, but just  kind of started, you know, talented Mr.
 Ripley, I guess.
  He just kind of created the air and people bought it.
  He was just always had the facade of rich guy.
  Yeah, he bought his deli and he bought and then like, oh yeah, so he started his own  business on Wall Street.
  It was a Felton Street deli.
  He immediately began promoting his enormous success.
  Trade newspapers reported that his deli sold 1000 lunches daily and was worth an estimated  10 million.
  The reporter asks Booty about this.
  He just starts laughing.
  It's an article.
  He tells me it doesn't mean anything.
  As for how much profit the deli made, he has no idea and suggests I ask his former accountant,  quote, his name was Greg.
  Last name I don't know.
  So he just immediately just starts a shitty deli, lies about how much money it's making  and is like gets in the newspaper.
  50 million dollars.
  Talk to Greg.
  Talk to Greg.
  I'm not a last names kind of guy.
  He's like 26 years old at this point.
  Yeah.
  And he was like being sued for BMW payments.
  It's all there.
  Even if there's a kernel of truth there, it's like, did you just buy the deli that's next  to a subway stop or next to a massive office building and people just run in and go like,  oh shit, I just need a sandwich or I'm going to pass out.
  And it's like, oh, maybe did serve a thousand a day just by sheer like, oh, this is the  closest thing.
  I have to get back to my office.
  I work 20 hours a day.
  People are coming from all over the building.
  But the idea that when you just ask him about that article, he burst into laughter, makes  me think maybe it's not true.
  I think I like him.
  He's not a two plus two kind of guy.
  Two plus two kind of guy.
  He has a good sense of humor.
  He well, he also extremely quickly in this, like creating this rich guy hustle befriended  Kevin Costner right away.
  Kevin Costner goes to nightclub openings and stuff.
  I love that.
  Of all the people too, because isn't he supposed to be about like grit and heart and Yellowstone?  Kevin Costner is already buff all first.
  But isn't that his version of having a super popular deli?  Like isn't that his?  His?  That's how it feels when people talk about it, when people scold you with Yellowstone  statistics.
  You know how many people watch that?  10 million.
  I'm going to get into Yellowstone.
  I promise everyone.
  I know my woman who dyes my hair was like, you don't watch Yellowstone?  And I never even thought about it once.
  She's like, you got, you got to watch Yellowstone.
  Is anyone watching Yellowstone?  I know a couple people, but it's something I'm going to get into.
  I promise everyone.
  I'm going to do it.
  Aren't I correct?  I've never said this out loud, but isn't it scolding?  It's what I, when I read stats about it, I'm like, but people really watch Yellowstone  and you're getting yelled at about it and you're defensive about it to no one.
  I'm going to watch it.
  So who are you arguing back to?  Why do we all feel like Yellowstone's mad at us?  This is what Booty was teaching Costner at the club.
  You've got to make a show and then make people, when they don't watch it, they feel bad.
  They feel very bad.
  They feel like they should be watching it, but they're not watching it.
  That is eight, that's in your back pocket.
  You know, you make a bunch of stinky movies that bomb.
  If you then are just kind of like, you know, character actor who pops up every few years  and then when you want to make a comeback, you have a show and you guilt people for not  watching it.
  If you were to make, say, postman movie.
  You make a movie where William Hurt is inside your brain telling you to kill people, including  Dane Cook.
  It's just, you have that movie, you have a movie, Clint Eastwood directs it.
  You tell a little boy to show you his penis and you tell him it's big, it's heartwarming  moment in the middle of the movie.
  That's a good movie.
  People will like the movie.
  I don't think I know when that happens.
  A perfect world.
  Oh, I did not know.
  Oh, I thought you were talking about Mr.
 Brooks.
  I was talking about Mr.
 Brooks and then I was talking about a perfect world.
  I see.
  Where a kid goes like, my penis is little.
  And he's like, show me.
  And he's like, that's a good size.
  What?  What?  That's in the middle, guys, it's in the movie.
  Just check it out.
  It's right in the middle of the movie.
  Stuff like that is the best endorsement for like, films should be made like an office  job, nine to five.
  Everyone works normal hours because then people would be well rested and someone would have  the wherewithal to go like, hey, should we cut that part?  That seems very weird.
  You're saying if a film set was a normal hours, they would wake up and they would.
.
.
  Everyone would be less insane in most departments.
  And you'd also go home at night and be having dinner with your wife.
  She'd be like, what are you shooting tomorrow?  And you're like, oh, the scene where the kid shows me his penis and I tell him it's big.
  She's like, what?  Yeah.
  And he's like, yeah, it's totally normal.
  She's like, can I see those sides?  And then you'd be like, hmm, can you call Clint?  Just double check this.
  Just know that it is going to be your face and your mouth saying those words to a child.
  I know it's a character, but you still look like what you look like.
  This is why you got to never have a wife, Kevin.
  Well, wait, though, if it's Clint, Clint, I think actually does work eight to four.
  You're right.
  Oh, yeah.
  Your example was about the ultimate person who doesn't.
  He does one take too.
  This is like the guy you want to work with the most.
  Very good.
  Yeah, that sounds great.
  Jason Perfect.
  Clint.
  Clint does it that way.
  Sinatra did it that way.
  Ricky Gervais does it that way.
  Ricky Gervais is the other one.
  And Woody Allen does it, I think, one or two takes.
  So those are all your guys, Jason.
  It's one of the few scenarios where Ricky comes out looking.
  I don't know, maybe Clint does.
  I don't know.
  But also Ricky's filming after life.
  I mean, how many takes do you need of every scene in after life?  I guess that's true.
  Season three.
  That's a good point.
  You don't like my take numbers, do you?  So it is interesting, though, though, while Booty's like, he's like, weaseling his way  into Costner's life.
  He's also just befriending a lot of supermodels.
  Yeah, very successfully.
  And Mary's one.
  He did like he did have a supermodel wife, did, on the way up.
  And yeah, he just seems to be around them, around them enough to like sucker the fashion  cafe ones into being part of this.
  I mean, he promised he seemed to keep it muddy enough.
  Like well, you'll get, you know, they got appearance fees and travel and lodging and  the net earnings if it starts taking off.
  But it didn't start taking.
  I mean, well, I mean, maybe it held this event space for a little while.
  But then, like, they just quickly weren't paying for things.
  That seems like like Rockefeller Center sued them for rent.
  And yeah, they were here.
  Wait, by 98, the booties weren't paying taxes, rent, utility fees or premiums on  unemployment insurance.
  Yet he's spending twenty thousand dollars on his birthday party and renting an apartment  that costs twenty five grand a month.
  Great.
  People who supplied the business with stuff started saying you have to pay us cash.
  That's the only way.
  So these waffle fries are specifically a cash item.
  It's the only way they can do it.
  I'll tell these waffle fires.
  If you don't pass, these waffles are going for half the price to plant in Hollywood.
  I've already lost money on these.
  I just want to offload them.
 They're rotting.
  This is just so this is such a difference between like these type of people and then  like a lot of people, probably even like my parents, where it's like they were probably  like the credit card payment is a day late.
  Like we must like I'm going to drive it downtown or something like to get it to the company.
  Like we must.
  Oh, can you have to go to school every day or like it'll show up on your permanent record  later versus this guy who's just lying his way into literally everything.
  This is how I think most of New York runs.
  Yes, it is.
  Also, the government like this is how most major institutions run.
  And then you get articles like with workers during the pandemic secretly working two jobs.
  And the writers are, you know, tisking them.
  And it's like, why? Why is that bad?  The knowledge economy.
  You can work two jobs simultaneously.
  You're just sending different emails.
  You're just sending emails from two different addresses.
  It's bullshit.
 The high end people get to do it all the time.
  Why do regular workers get to scam like that?  Yes, it is.
  It's a weird little lie that goes on where like everyone's kept like all the parents I know,  like we're like, oh, we got to make sure everything's on time and like, oh, we're going to get in trouble or versus just if you just have to do this,  but do it confidently and turn that switch on and do it for the rest of your life and never give in one iota.
  Right.
 Yes, you can never back down.
  And that's what he was also he had set up all these shell companies that fashion cafe money was just like pouring into.
  And nobody knew what they were, but he was in charge of most of them.
  He also had they're like even the so basically like there's all these Swiss bank accounts,  also fashion cafe money is pouring into.
  And when the reporter just like asks him what what what's the bank account is, he gets mad.
  And he's like, just keep selling that you should ask.
  He has a twin brother, right?  Or is it just a brother that was also kind of involved?  What if that's fake?  What if he's fake?  Well, there's Andy Jeanette, the fashion cafe controller and there's his brother.
  So every time he's like, so what was going on with this shell company?  He gets mad and he goes, ask my brother, ask Andy.
  He says at least a dozen times in what becomes an irritating check off life,  check off like refrain.
  We wasting time spinning wheels.
  I love the idea.
  He could be like playing his brother.
  So like he gets like arrested and like, no, I'm Andy.
  I'm not the one you want.
  I am Andy.
 Don't don't arrest Andy.
  And they're like, oh, yeah, this ID says Andy, we got the wrong guy.
  Take me back to apartment.
  I get to muscle.
  I bring him down for you.
  Yeah, this is so like they just.
  Elected a new mayor in New York, and it was between the Republican,  who was the head of the Guardian Angels, the guys who wear the red berets  and patrol subway cars, or the Democrat, who's just a really weird guy  who very clearly lives in New Jersey, but claims he's like, I live in this  unfurnished basement in the Bronx.
  And those were your options.
  Like you just had to be a total weirdo and you can be the mayor of New York.
  And it's like charming.
  Yeah, people find it.
  It is fun.
 It is fun.
  Most people don't live like this.
  They're like in constant fear of getting in trouble for 100 things.
  They appreciate the people who are not afraid of any of this.
  They literally are like, it's all fake.
 I don't give a shit.
  I'll steal everyone's money.
  Well, that's why it's important to announce, I think, that we're  for our upcoming New York live show.
  The ticket price has increased to three hundred and twenty dollars.
  That's right.
 And we will be there.
  We will definitely be there for sure.
  What else before it really came apart?  At some point,  Campbell and McPherson  were accusing Tomaso of stealing 10 grand a day from them,  which ended up like that adds up to 25 million.
  He just said, like, like, why don't you invest more further, please?  And they they stuck with it.
  But Turlington was out.
 Schiffer was out.
  So he's losing models.
  And then they notice 10 grand a day.
  That seems like it's not even that you're not the owner  and that you've kind of obfuscated.
  Are you the owner or not?  Now it is like subtracting massive amounts of money.
  There is a so that it's just so funny to think about a massive scan  going on next to the Barnes and Noble and ice skating rink.
  Everyone's like in town in town for Christmas,  looking at the big tree, go to the ice skating rink and then buy this.
  Exciting here.
  Don't go in that door.
  There's a weird Italian man scamming supermodels.
  It's in Will Ferrell, SNL Will Ferrell walk into.
  Oh, good question.
  Is it Rockefeller Center? Oh, no, am I wrong?  It's a medicine school.
 Where is it? It's at Rockefeller.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, so very possible.
  Yeah, all the maybe all the 90s.
  Max Weinberg probably went in.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You know, he slicked his hair back, was like, maybe I'll see some models.
  It seems like there was fashion shows going on sometimes,  just random fashion shows going on during the day.
  Like you'd be eating lunch and then there would just be a weird  like an underwear fashion show and you'd watch it like you'd watch it  while you ate your cheeseburger or whatever, which I like that.
  I mean, I like all of this.
  I would go there.
 I would go there.
  Yeah, I know.
 Yeah.
 Don't take any of this as being complaints.
  Yeah, I like the place and I think I like Tommaso.
  If there were like constant runway type shows going on.
  Yeah, that's actually again, living up to the theme.
  That's the thing we're always complaining about.
  But that's it.
 That's what else would you need in that place?  Yeah.
 Other than the fun names on the menu.
  So yeah, so maybe Tommaso is like, yes, I give you space for fashion show.
  You get 10 a.
m.
 in three days.
 Go.
  Restaurant will be open.
 Everyone will be dining.
  Do not mind fajita plates moving.
  Splattering onto models legs.
  Um, I so anyway, and then he's, you know, like they just have like  on staff Mercedes and drivers waiting for them at all.
  Just like so much financial drain.
  Bottles are losing money.
  So it all comes apart at some point.
  Or he just I think the brand does not dissolve immediately,  but he ducks out of it.
  He sells 400 percent of his shares.
  Apparently something they got him in trouble later.
  You're not allowed to do that.
  Or under that something somebody says in this.
  The Bugsy School of Economics.
  So by I think I want to say like in the year 98,  he is facing a total of 15 million dollars in lawsuits  from various people who were part of this organization.
  He ended up settling, I think, all of them, most of them  for three hundred and fifty grand.
  So he got off pretty good there.
 Very good.
  So great.
 We are on the way.
  We're on the up and up.
  He has a party around this time to celebrate.
  It's secretly because the lawsuits are being settled.
  That's why he's having it quietly.
 But  in a public facing way, the reason the party is happening  is because of his new job.
  He's finally broken loose of the shackles of the Fashion Cafe  so that he can become the president and person running  the Trump Management Group, Donald Trump's new  modeling agency, modeling agency, Trump Management Group.
  Let's go.
 Here we go.
  So keep in mind the point after which he's been sued for 15  million dollars and a massive business.
  By models, specifically the most famous models in the world.
  Hate him and said, you stole all our money.
  And this is all extremely public.
  This isn't like, you know, deep in a newspaper somewhere  or it hasn't been printed about.
  There are big stories about all of this.
  And this is the exact moment that Donald Trump looks at this guy  and says, you, it's time.
 Let's shake hands.
  Who wants to read the Trump quote?  Does everyone have the Trump quote?  I have it.
 Somebody got to do it.
  Feel free.
 OK.
  I made five billion because I bank on the right people.
  Trump told New York magazine.
  And I think he's a terrific, unjustly accused guy.
  Restaurants with all the unions and hamburgers you got to deal with  are not for him.
  But Tomaso loves women and women love him back.
  He's a natural modeling.
  The same thing he said about Epstein.
  Yeah, I.
 The women, they love him.
  And I'll tell you, and he loves women and they love him back.
  Can you say that again?  Don't they love him back?  All the all the unions and hamburgers.
  All the unions and hamburgers.
  Yeah, with all the unions and hamburgers.
  You have to deal with.
  Follow up coach, you have this one, though he declines to name names.
  Trump insists the venture is already a success.
  We got all these big girls lining up to join, he says.
  Promising major defections from top agencies in the coming weeks.
  Didn't happen.
  As I got to this part and all the articles and stuff, I wrote down like a like,  oh, Tomaso Booty has been treated very unfairly.
  They've been very unfair to the Masabuti.
  And then it happened.
  And then there is a quote.
  There is Trump going, like unjustly accused guy.
  He's very good.
  This was like this is what I'm saying.
  Like people before, even the presidents who were like this, Mr.
  Trump is a very smart, very successful businessman.
  Like, yes, reasonable people were like, surely this guy couldn't be a six.
  Like he couldn't have all these ventures if he was a crazy failure  and a crazy dumb idiot.
  My father, the person who taught me everything I know, says like,  he's a smart guy.
 Good business.
  No, he's a look and he wouldn't be on the run, you know, if he couldn't run  that organization, if it wasn't a smart guy.
  This is the handsome guy, too.
  But for before the presidency, this was a consensus.
  Yes.
 This is what's so wild.
  I at least I mean, it was not nothing good came out of a presidency,  but at least a lot of people were like, you know what?  Maybe some of these rich people are fucking idiots  and we shouldn't trust them.
  The restaurants with the hamburgers.
  Let me tell you, Tomaso, he's good with the women.
  Not so good with the hamburger.
  The hamburgers have been very unfair to Mr.
 Tomaso.
  He had to deal with them.
 They were all over him.
  They were dragging him down.
  Hamburgers jumping on him left and right.
  All the unions and hamburgers, you have to deal with this business.
  But the quotes were exactly the same as when he was president.
  He was making appointing just as dumb people and crazy people  as he was during these Black Lives Matter people.
  They're like the Antifa.
  They're all like a bunch of hamburgers.
  And you've got to deal with them.
  And we deal with them all.
 So that's what we do.
  It's just it was all there all along, is all I'm saying.
  Why wasn't Tomaso in the cabinet?  I well, well, was he?  Did I miss this?  You don't know what happens next?  Oh, I missed this then.
  OK, great.
 OK, OK.
  There is a specific answer because you're right.
  This why wouldn't he have been, of course, is a perfect candidate.
  No.
 So the modeling age, the modeling group starts and.
  But eventually, Governor Spitzer is going after the boobies.
  Like more is uncovered than what was already public.
  So by 2000, the two brothers are being indicted on 51 federal accounts each  of they don't get to share a fraud, money laundering and conspiracy.
  And the fashion cafe is gone.
  Even whoever he like tossed it to ran.
  It's all gone by that point with the governor after him and all these  counts of everything, even Trump's like, I don't know, maybe I picked the wrong guy.
  This is a rare case of Trump kind of like stepping away slowly.
  So the booties have to flee back to Italy,  where hopefully they didn't have to deal with the BMW payment.
  They were waiting at the airport.
  Different city, please.
  Like Lyle Landley when he lands.
  Let's find an island.
  Northaber Brook or whatever.
  Also, by the way, that the party where he's celebrating, settling the lawsuits  and partnering with Trump a week after that, his supermodel wife divorces him.
  So that's done.
  She was very unfair to him.
  Abandoning him at this hard time would have been better off marrying a hamburger.
  Well, within this New York Times article, New York magazine article,  the reporters like talking to the wife and she's like, nobody.
  He's a very good man and he didn't do any of this stuff.
  And then the New York magazine reporters like, what about the loans  that you co-signed with him?  And she goes, what?  And then she divorces him a week later.
  She's like, it's because of the article within the article.
  She finds out that she's that her names on all these papers she didn't know about.
  Oh, my God.
  He probably invited the reporter like, come see my party,  my sexy lawsuit settling party.
  Meet my beautiful wife.
  You guys talk, OK?  I'll be with Mr.
 Trump.
  He's great.
  So what did you talk about?  Either he didn't do much as much wrong or he just got off light.
  But I feel like Francesco booty isn't talked about a lot.
  Yeah, yeah, there's an entire other person indicted for as many things.
  Yeah.
 Why isn't why are why are we blaming Tomaso?  I can't find anything about Francesco.
  There was a fake fake guy.
  I think that's what you do when you're this high up.
  You can just make a guy, yeah.
  Invent companies, you can just co-sign loans, you know, can sell your debt.
  Yeah, you're right.
  At this point in time, if if ever,  I mean, you know, Donald has kind of wriggled out of pretty much  everything that's happened to him.
  But if you really got back to record into a corner and he needed to say,  no, that stuff was my brother Ronald.
  45% of the country is yelling about like, why don't you believe Ronald?  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  It was Ronald.
 He dragged Donald's poor name.
  Overnight, yeah, a lot of people will like completely,  like retroactively be like, yeah, I've seen him on every campaign stop.
  I remember him in my mind.
  I met right shook Donald's hand and it was a good firm handshake.
  And I shook Ronald's and it was limp and like a fish.
  Yeah, that Ronald no good.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Mr.
 Mr.
 Muller, arrest this Ronald.
  Muller looked into it and he was like, I think Ronald does exist.
  Oh, oh, well, must have gotten away.
  He lives in the sea now.
 I tried.
  So anyways, if Tommaso and if he exists,  Francesco are in Italy for a while for some somehow again,  in this way that our parents or other people wouldn't get to do.
  They like keep avoiding the suits and the crimes and years go by.
  They know they're going to have to pay for it at some point.
  But the more time we wait and just avoid, let the stuff build up.
  Maybe we can get out of it somehow.
  And sure enough, after many, many years have passed on January 20th,  the final day of Donald Trump's first presidency  on a list of pardons, I didn't know a long list of pardons.
  Wow.
 So includes Steve Bannon and Lil Wayne,  one of the one hundred and forty three people.
  Wow.
 Tommaso.
 Wow.
 I missed it.
  Wow.
 Forgiven specifically for his crimes that involved  the Fashion Cafe 20 years prior.
  Was that the Scooter Libby? Was he on the list too that day?  Oh, I'm not sure.
 Or was that before?  I don't know.
 I think Bannon was the headline that day.
  That was the big day.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  But deep in there was Tommaso.
  Yeah.
 So January 20th, right?  January 6th was two weeks ago.
  And what Trump is dealing with, his priority is making sure that Tommaso  isn't chased by those damn hamburgers anymore.
  Also, the booties to be arrested for fraud,  bankruptcy and money laundering in Italy.
  Italy, a place not known for like,  you know, who's really got their laws and governments in order.
  Italy, you know, the place where like, you know,  Judy Mussolini is still in off, like the granddaughter or whatever,  is in office and pops up on Twitter every now and then to say something insane.
  I'm not following Mussolini.
  I texted Scott about this, but what do you guys think Tommaso  booties up to now? Did you check?  I obviously missed.
 He's on Twitter also.
  I missed his last few years, obviously.
  My guess is master class in business, in restaurant administration.
  No, this is what he tweeted a month ago.
  Thanks at Elrond Apes for this Hunter Zombie ape.
  Oh, NFTs, baby.
  This is his Elrond ape that he bought.
  It looks kind of like a board ape.
  What's Elrond?  It's just it's like a discount type of ape.
  It's it's based on another type of it's not.
  You have to buy it with Elrond tokens, not Bitcoin.
  It's an even uglier like head shop rip off art.
  Yeah.
 So he's really into crypto.
  Oh, of course.
 I love it.
  And it's his like entire feed is nonsense.
  It's like crypto nonsense.
  It's it's really just like all those weird words.
  You know, Tommaso, the women you he doesn't want to be in the modeling group  with the women you got to deal with.
  He has to be wants to be with the apes.
  The apes are tree are not treating him very badly.
  The apes are treating him very well, frankly.
  He's wonderful.
 These beautiful apes.
  He is all of our beautiful, beautiful apes.
  We love and we love our Elrond.
  Some of these got some of the biggest apes.
  It's some of the biggest women.
  You know, he's have some of the biggest apes from twenty twenty four.
  Everybody gets an Elrond.
  Everyone gets an Elrond.
  I watch it on the Gorilla Channel in the White House.
  I watched them.
  How do we don't like our sharks, but we love our Elrond apes.
  Do we think that he was ever at the White House during the presidency?  Is there any proof of that?  He might have had to stay in Italy.
  Yeah, it seems like he couldn't come into.
  But now it's oh, he but he did come back to America.
  He immediately moved back to America and has a massive penthouse  really near Trump Tower.
  He reset everything as it was.
 Right.
  It's fine.
 Most cable news cable.
  All these cable news that were set to fill 24 hours  and then like the head of some hedge fund or something gets on there  and says everyone needs to be back in the office 40 hours a week.
  And surely they're running a million scams  and they're running a million things and they're just reputable.
  You know, maybe these are our betters.
  Maybe this is the guy to put the podcast restaurant  we were talking about together.
  Oh, yeah.
  As long as we're willing to make it an entirely ape based.
  Yeah, sure.
 All right.
  So, yeah, Mike's fishing.
  He needs to be able to launder crypto through it.
  Fine.
 You agree to an appearance fee that you know you'll never get.
  And as long as you don't have a stake in it, it's fine.
  He just loses other people's money.
  OK, as long as we don't give him our info, then we're OK.
  If he doesn't specifically have our bank account info, then we're fine.
  Right.
 And if we get to I don't care about getting paid to be at the opening,  as long as the three of us get to burst through a paper backdrop.
  Yeah.
 And he has to look the other way as I'm filling garbage bags  with Tennessee whiskey chicken.
  And we'd like his brother to be there, too.
  I want him to read a third book, just to promise he'll read.
  Rich Dad Poor Dad.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Art of the deal.
  Well, I don't know.
  I think, you know, keep on keeping on, Tomaso,  especially if it involves funding our dreams and other great American dreams.
  And everybody want to go in on an ape.
  Yeah, I will.
 Yeah, I'll buy an ape.
  But one of these apes, the Elan Ape, what is it called?  Elrond Ape.
 Elrond, excuse me.
 Not Elan.
  Well, that name has never been associated with anything suspicious.
  Elrond Ape.
 Elrond Ape.
  This is probably fine.
  I went on the Elrond Ape's website  and they're not even making a cartoon or anything fun like that.
  They're just really boring.
 Oh, man.
  Well, we also I just made you guys aware of the new  there's a Johnny Depp NFT thing coming.
 So  the paintings.
  Yeah, Johnny's paintings of his friends and I know.
  But also one is of of an imaginary person.
  Did you see that?  Is it was it's a drawing of a character that regularly appears in his son's dreams.
  Yeah, that's the one I want.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Yes, you have a question.
  I follow.
 All right.
  I have to go back to his dreams.
  I think that would have like taken the air out of me, let alone his son.
  Wow.
 Very cool that Johnny Depp is willing like a tulpa, like a Baba  duker, it follows creature into existence through his NFT paintings.
  I have the I have the picture here.
  In addition to Johnny's friends and heroes, he has included a picture  of himself treated in the same way, an image of an old family friend,  the dog, Moo, and one of Bunny Man, the legendary subject  of one of his son's dreams.
  Liberal use of the word legendary.
  Legendary to Bunny Man.
  So, yeah, if you want to look into this, neverfeertruth.
com.
  And NFT, NFT, never.
  That's some like Gary Busey bullshit like NFT Stanford, Never Fear Truth.
  Like everything's.
  I want to go full Val Kilmer.
  Like I want him to just.
  But he want I don't want him to be in the digital space.
  I want him to be making paintings I can buy.
  Like I own the I own a Val Kilmer painting of Mark Twain.
  Right.
 Amy Nicholson bought for me.
  Do you really know that? Wow.
 Wow.
  You're not that expensive.
 Oh, yeah.
  So you want like the Bunny Man, but you want a real painting of the.
  Yeah, I don't want an NFT of the Bunny Man.
  I want a thing I can look at and touch.
  But when we're all in the metaverse, you can probably display that NFT  in your little home or apartment in the metaverse.
  Maybe they'll have some sort of like, you know, what it's called, like a glove  that if I touch, it'll feel like I'm touching it like.
  They for sure have a glove.
  Haptic feedback on your fingers.
  That glove will happen.
  Yeah.
 So so there is that there is that aspect of the NFTs.
  Yeah.
 You should start collecting Bored Twain's ace.
  My favorite auction house, Julien's, last week did a Julian Lennon NFT auction  where they were auctioning off photos of things that John Lennon gave his son.
  Like just pictures.
  Yeah.
 So but it was really confusing because it's like a guitar.
  You're like, oh, it's only three thousand dollars to buy this guitar  that John Lennon owned.
 It's like, no, it's just a picture of it.
  It's a digital RIO.
 Yeah.
  A photograph of a dusty Atari console.
  Well, what we're finding here is that,  you know, the 90s were a different time.
  Now celebrities and everything that they do and get involved  in financially is trustworthy.
  Yeah, they are not.
  Yeah, they aren't getting into scams like they were.
  We can and we can and should get involved in and support their businesses,  which brings me to point number two.
  You know, right.
 Right.
  There's a point number two.
 I forgot.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, there's a bag up there and that contains the answers that you're looking for.
  What's in the bag? What's in the bag?  It's it's good things.
 It is good things.
  And the best thing about it is that if you thought you were done  with Robert Earl content, oh, my gosh, you are not.
  We're digging into Robert Earle's virtual dining concepts.
  Jason, you know about this.
  I know that during the pandemic, you did virtual takeout.
  You did one of Robert Earle's many ghost kitchens  that came out of Bucatubeppo, correct?  Yeah, Scott.
 Well, just to clarify, I did it twice.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 I did it once, too.
  I did it, too, if we were talking about the same thing.
  Geez.
 Yeah.
 Wait.
 And what was it called?  What? How did they frame this?  Guy Fieri's Flavor Town.
  Guy Fieri's Flavor Town.
  I did it for Doughboys.
 Wow.
 OK.
 OK.
  Delivered from the city walk.
  Bucatubeppo is where the Ghost Kitchen is.
  Although there is also one was at least out of the Ghost Kitchen  operating out of the Bucatubeppo in Encino.
  Peppo's.
 Peppo is back.
  Peppo is back.
 Peppo.
 Peppo.
  What is it supposed to be and what do I say?  Peppo.
 It's supposed to be Peppo.
  Yeah, and you said Peppo again.
  That's like the bunny man is going to appear tonight and be like Peppo.
  Peppo, Jason.
  Johnny Depp's son's dream.
  Johnny Depp's son's legendary dream character.
  No, you're only a legend for Johnny Depp's son's dreams.
  Oh, if the second episode we're going to do today is not going to give me  enough nightmares, now I got to deal with the bunny man.
  Yep.
 I also know I also remember this and I've never gotten clarification  is, but I recall I feel like some at some point you canceled an episode  that we were going to do.
 Remember this, Mike?  There was or I don't know if it was a cancel or just that you were  complaining about incredible stomach pain and that we were going back and like,  wait a minute, I think he did the Guy Fieri Ghost Kitchen like a day or two ago.
  Oh, yeah, that's vaguely familiar.
  Sound familiar at all.
  I was wondering if you were having stomach.
  I think that we like pushed something because you were having a stomach issue.
  Yeah, I think I think the yeah, I mean, I would believe that there  was only once or twice where I was like, yeah, I know who this I'm not feeling.
  Not a common thing, but yeah, not good.
  Huh? Not great food.
  Oh, I got areas.
 Yeah.
  Chicken Chicken Guy is good in Florida.
  The delivery version was fine.
  I was a little annoyed.
 You couldn't custom.
  I think that he has started its own app because he got so much feedback like, hey,  man, maybe don't use Postmates and Uber Eats if you can avoid it.
  So he started his own app and I think you can customize a little more.
  But I got the burger with mac and cheese on it.
  And then it also just had a mound of lettuce underneath the mac and cheese,  which is one of the worst textures I've ever experienced.
  And you're sure this didn't cause you food poisoning.
  No, this wasn't it.
 No, it's always something innocuous.
  It's not the stunty foods like I ate the KFC Beyond Chicken last night.
  And I feel fine.
 OK, it's not great.
 It's not great.
  You may as well just buy the frozen Beyond Chicken.
 It's better.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
 Well, I I have high hopes for what's what's in this bag.
  And don't worry, it's not like something that needed to hold.
  I was going to say it better not.
  Yeah.
 It's the potato chip cheesecake just could yielding ice cream.
  Yeah.
 No.
  So Robert Earl has gotten into the ghost kitchen business  and I knew about this guy, Fieri one.
  But I didn't know about this bevy of other ones.
  Really quickly, we should maybe say that.
  All right.
 Remember at the end of the Planet Hollywood episode that we just did,  we discussed his son, Robbie Earle's new influencer restaurant,  The Breakfast Club.
  And guess what? Mike, Jason and I went.
  We went to The Breakfast Club and we got there  and there were four outdoor tables that were full.
  And we asked if they had more and they said no.
  So we said, let's not do it.
  And we left.
 So that is what happened at The Breakfast Club.
 Yeah.
  You took a photo outside, which I have yet to post.
  We do have that.
  However, I wanted to bring this up that then because I felt crazy like,  but I thought I looked at photos and there was like a huge patio.
  And then I looked again and there is a huge patio.
  There's a like there is a massive many table patio that I saw on the website.
  But we asked and they said there was nothing.
  So they just weren't running it.
  Not today.
 Or he said not at the moment, I think.
  Like, but he really mush mouthed it.
  Maybe it was temporarily being used for an influencer  private event for like one of the polls or no one was there.
  And the waitstaff didn't want to walk up the stairs.
  Oh, yeah, that's probably it.
  I mean, it could have been being used.
  It is by the like influencer apartment building.
  Oh, we watched a video.
  Someone was doing the like, yeah, had the steady  an iPhone mounted on a steady cam thing was clearly making content.
  Yes, because he was filming and like trying to keep a smooth shot  while he opened a door.
  And then and then the subjects that he was filming came out.
  And it was a guy in like Game of Thrones wardrobe.
  Yeah, like a big sword or a Viking guy.
  Yeah, that's exciting.
  When Vine was the thing, that's why it was so funny  that that apartment building was on Vine.
  And that's what Logan Paul moved there.
  But now it doesn't matter anymore that it's on Vine.
  It doesn't matter.
  We're still pushing it as a Blake, a place to create,  like a place to fuel your energies and, you know,  there's a Trader Joe's in the basement.
  You know, cool.
  Anyway, so we tried it.
  But you remember also that parked on the street was a truck for Mr.
  Beast Burger.
 We took a photo of Jason there.
  Mr.
 Beast is one of the celebrities,  question mark, who Robert Earl is doing Ghost Kitchens with.
  Right.
 That that is what that was maybe like a delivery truck for that.
  Am I Mr.
 Beast is is what very famous and ignorant or what?  Yeah, it's kind of like not in our wheelhouse, but I think he's a person  who gets like millions of views for every video every week or something.
  And then his fans get really mad if you say anything critical of like,  why did you do a real life squid game with a million dollar  giveaway at the end? Did you miss the point of squid game?  And he clearly did.
  He clearly seems like the guy, the guy who would miss the point.
  I mean, a guy with a beard making a big face in the thumbnail.
  I missed the point.
  Me? So he's so murder me fans.
  I don't care.
 Anyway, there's a that's just one of the many celebrities  who Mr.
  Earl's been working with trying to keep kitchens full and busy during the pandemic.
  Why there's let me find other ones.
  I believe there is a Steve Harvey one.
  I'm not sure what for.
  I don't have the website in front of me.
  I think there's there's some Steve Harvey brand.
  There is a Mario Lopez Tordes brand.
  Yeah, I saw that.
 I think one I wrote down was Polly D's  Italian subs.
  So Jersey Shore.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I started clicking on these and I was interested in like, well, can I get  any of this? And a lot of it is regional.
  The Polly D only available in Jersey or five states.
  But Jersey is one of them.
 Right.
  I'd imagine.
  I don't think anyone has started an outpost of whatever Steve Harvey  is trying to do.
  But there was one where I clicked on it and was shocked to learn that it is  essentially everywhere in the country, including around here.
  And that is Mariah Carey's cookies.
  Oh, yeah.
  Wow.
  Going to check out Mariah Carey's cookies, which I think I'm especially  glad you're here for this, Eva.
  You're a great baker.
  Oh, my God.
  And you can judge the work of the artisans who put together  Mariah Carey's cookies, which I'll go prepare and turn around in a second.
  So Mariah Carey and cookies.
  Why?  I don't really know yet because the brand is just and their social media is like  there's a picture of Mariah, not with cookies.
  He's just her.
  And there's pictures of cookies without Mariah.
  Finally, I think last Valentine's Day, she finally filmed a little content  like she's kind of like kicking her legs in the kitchen and like stirring a pot.
  And she says it's ready and sings a little bit.
  And that's kind of the only tying together of her and the brand  that I have noticed.
  There's then you go to make the order and there's one item that's related to her,  which is Mimi's mix.
  That's about all that you can do that has any.
  And there's like sometimes there's a little cartoon of her on it or something.
  Otherwise, I just don't really know what the what the tie together is.
  I guess the fonts are sort of like diva fonts.
  That's real.
  Something.
  But anyways, it's purely a cookie brand.
  I guess you could probably get like milk and soda and stuff with it, too.
  And it occurred to me like, well, can I just go pick them up?  Do they have to be delivered?  And the answer is no, you have to that you cannot go to a physical location.
  And I started wondering, what are they hiding?  Why can't I see Mariah's cookies kitchen?  What you can do is select the address that you're going to order it from  and then look at what the address is.
  One of the addresses, sure enough, was the city walk.
  Book it.
 OK, that's kind of to be expected.
 Right.
  Another one was on Ikea way in her bank.
  And I thought, are they using the Ikea kitchen?  Is this like where they make the meatballs?  But now we're doing cookies in there somehow.
  What are you thinking?  Well, Hell's Kitchen is set up there right now.
  What is that? Hell's Kitchen, the show Gordon Ramsay show?  Yeah.
 So the whole like, you know, when you see the crazy outdoor  like Hell's Kitchen, that's set up right at the Ikea.
  So you drive by there, the whole you can see the whole outside set of it even to.
  In addition, they're shooting inside as well.
  Like around the warehouses kind of or like the offices.
  There's a lot of like non-distinct businesses around that area.
  You mean built the Ikea, the old Ikea, the old Ikea,  which is where they shot Flora's Lava and some other stuff.
  OK, it's not the currently operational Ikea.
  Gotcha.
 Yeah, yeah, I thought that's sorry.
  That's it is not.
  Well, I don't think this is some secret Gordon Ramsay endeavor  because then I looked it up and it just turns out Ikea way  happens to be the address that Black Angus is on.
  Oh, they switched Ikea right away because of the new Ikea.
  That's technically Ikea way now.
  Yeah, Black Angus is on the same street as the BJ's.
  Yes, but I think if you look at that, that is exactly where it becomes Ikea.
  Way, right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
  I think is open.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I'm also a ghost kitchen.
  That stresses me out.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And it's and it's really weird, right, that like now that place has to make cookies.
  I just started.
 It's just so strange to me.
  Like, let's chart this order of things that you can get cookies.
  And the people who make money from the cookies are Robert Earl,  the people at Black Angus and Bucatubeppo and Mariah Carey.
  What a complicated.
  Yeah, it's it's your dollars go a lot of places with these things.
  But possibly the people making the cookies don't get any more money  for making multiple types.
  Probably not.
  Having to have the different ingredients for the different types of cookies.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It's pretty crazy.
  The back of the house.
  Black Angus probably aren't seeing seeing the Mariah money.
  Yeah, I don't think so.
  Can I add I found an article and we don't have time to go down this rabbit hole.
  The headline is just Mr.
  Beesberger parent on 20 million dollar series A round.
  Future of celeb backed brands.
  So he raised around 20 million dollars of investing money.
  Again, who knows where that money is coming from or going to?  They don't know what bank accounts.
  Beast doesn't know Mr.
  Beast's parent, Robert Earl.
  And oh, yeah, I guess I'm leaving out Robbie's brother.
  I guess I'm leaving out the most important detail.
  Giant picture of Robert Earl with the microphone.
  Mariah, Mr.
  Bees and Robbie, the siblings and Guy brothers and sisters.
  Mm hmm.
  And our betters, our superior, this is our favorite stars, Mariah and Mr.
 Beast.
  Anyway, I'm going to I'm going to start getting the stuff out here.
  Let me adjust the microphone.
  If any of this is just boring and you can even take it off the mic  and just hold it.
  Well, I need both hands, though.
  So, right, right, right.
  Let's spin around the bag.
  Mariah's.
 Wow, a real cheap.
  It's not even like a real bag.
  It's like a sticker they put on the front of a white bag.
  Yes, I'd say so.
  Just pretty like crumpley.
  And now we have here  two boxes.
  These both arrived at my place last night.
  And I can't say which is which.
  We're going to do a blind taste test because I want you guys to decide  which of the identical orders is preferable  and not knowing which cookies were made at Bukit Dibbo.
  Oh, wow.
  Cookies were made at Black Angus.
  I myself have to keep them straight.
  And I believe that I know.
  But these haven't even been opened.
  It's it's kind of different packaging.
  This one is just pretty like generic pink.
  And it says on the back, I love my cookies warmed at three seventy five  for 90 seconds.
  Heart me me.
  I mean, should we do we I don't know if we should do that.
  Do that.
 That's a lot of warming, I guess.
  We have to pause the thing entirely.
  It's been a little warm.
  I mean, it's already been warming.
  It's been warming for 90 minutes.
  And then this one does have a little like this.
  This one updated with Valentine's packaging and is a little like  cute cartoon Mariah.
 Right.
  And a QR code you can scan for exclusive offers.
  And it says Scott on it.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Like Sharpie.
  Cute design is kind of undercut by my name.
  Just just scrawled on there.
  I wonder if maybe we should just pause for a second.
  Maybe I'll prepare the plate.
  Yeah, that's good.
  And then we'll do the little taste test.
  But it's the same things.
  I did Mimi's mix, but amended it with one more.
  So we're going to it should be identical lineups of cookies.
  But we'll see.
 We'll find out.
  So you guys have to do one of each cookie, but it's got to be the same  and see if we can notice any difference.
  OK, OK.
  But yeah, between Bucca and Black Angus.
  All right.
  It's great.
  He's both smell like a lemon.
  Maybe they were on the lemon one.
  Maybe the lemon is overpowering here.
  If we're recording, maybe I'll see.
  Yeah.
 Well, the lemon is pretty strong, I will say.
  So it might have impacted all of it.
  So I have oatmeal raisin, but the left one smells so much like lemon  and the right one, I don't know if it's a Phantom Lemon smell or if it's still.
  That's confusing because the left one had paper separating the cookies.
  Some of them.
  This smells and the right one, they were just all in a stack.
  The left one also came in the white bag  and the the the dark pink one just showed up.
  The guy.
 Yeah, the guy just brought the box up.
  Yeah.
 And both delivery  drivers did not read the instructions for delivery  because I said I didn't want a doorbell and they both rang it.
  So whatever the system is, probably the drivers are not getting the instructions.
  Let me see.
 Let me say what's on this.
  This customized Mimi's mix that I got chocolate chunk, triple chocolate  chunk, Heath bar, lemon cooler, spiced oatmeal raisin and white chocolate cranberry.
  Is anybody in deep enough to have strong opinions?  I've only had one of them so far.
  This is not lemon.
  I'm eating what it feels.
  It feels like a lemon cookie.
  I'm also getting hints of lemon.
  I the lemon smells really strong.
  That's what I chose.
  So it probably impacted all of them.
  I didn't get any lemon.
  Yours might have been on top.
  So maybe you had enough lemon separation.
 Yeah.
  Any strong feelings either way.
  And we're comparing same types of lemon is overwhelming.
  This cookie doesn't even taste like an oatmeal raisin.
  And that's the that's the your your left the left.
  They were called A.
  OK, A is A is A is light pink.
  And I don't want to say which is which A is is light pink and B is dark pink.
  I feel like these are clearly made from prepackaged pre-portioned frozen cookie dough.
  OK, yes.
 They're almost identical.
  OK, but I will say that the left hand white bag is marginally better baked.
  Interesting.
 OK, OK.
  That's maybe the only thing that they're doing that they're adding to the process is the baking.
  One tenth of one point.
  See, I I think the flavors are both about the same on these.
  I think mine, the right one B is better baked.
  Oh, this this is supposed to be Heath Bar.
  I'm not really getting any hints of chocolate, which the Heath Bar is toffee covered in chocolate.
  I'm frankly not getting many hints of toffee.
  It's just generically sweet.
  Are you sure it's not?  You sure you got the right one?  You think it is whatever is in there is representing Heath Bar or toffee?  Because it's the texture of what happens when you bake toffee.
  I think it is that.
  I mean, I can try a different one.
  You know me, I can switch gears pretty quickly.
  If you want me to try.
  Very chocolatey.
  So I think I got the triple chocolate.
  Potentially.
 But then maybe that that dark one could be.
  I do want to save one.
  I'm going to just break off pieces of the dark one and try each.
  OK, sure.
  Jason is pacing.
  Jason is really upset, honestly.
  You almost fell over in his chair again.
  Before they were baked.
  Yeah, I just I'm having a similar reaction A and B on the  cranberry white chocolate.
  Now, I'm a cookie aficionado.
  And I think it is that B was just kind of baked more  because it's it's the A is chewier.
  B is crispier.
  Usually I like a little chewier, but  I don't know that first one.
  Yeah, I don't think the flavors were there.
  I think the cranberry white chocolate  is a lot more flavors of what you're expecting.
  But the Heath Bar one overall was kind of a dud.
  The right my right hand to the pink is a harder cookie.
  It's a crunchier cookie.
  The left is softer for me, but there's not a bite on this left one  that doesn't taste like a lemon cookie.
  It's crazy.
 I can't get away from it.
  It's a polluted.
  It's a polluted cookie.
  Well, radiated by lemon.
  So do we do we want to vote on what we say?  Your A or B?  Yeah.
  Who's who's saying A?  Wait, A, tell me A is pink.
  A is light.
  A is light pink, not dark.
  It says A on the bag.
  Oh, yeah.
 A is on the left.
  And so it's B for you guys.
  No, Jason's going A.
 Oh, you're right.
  I think I am going A.
  I mean, I like a chewier cookie because I think I could.
  I don't like the generically like the overcooked  just kind of makes it feel a little more generic.
  I would say A if I could actually taste the oatmeal raisin  because it is a softer cookie, which I generally enjoy more.
  So I would say that, but I can in good conscience.
  I find one of my issues with  cookies of this kind is that they're so generically rich  where there's just like the cookie itself.
  If you remove the add ins, the cookie backbone  is not particularly flavorful.
  Sure, sure.
  Well, so most of us went with A then,  if not for this lemon tainting, yes, what Mike's experiencing.
  Do we then want to guess which came from which?  Who believes that A, which most of us picked as better quality,  um, who believes that that is Bucatabeppo?  Wait, how does this work? I know.
  Well, then they say B.
  OK, then you guys say, OK, so the winner,  the superior one was Black Angus.
  Black Angus, the home of the better cook.
  Because it's such a bad bag.
  Like, and Bucatabeppo is ghost  kitchen for so many companies, it would have the proper packaging.
  Black Angus.
  Who knows how many ghost kitchens they're running?  Probably they have to still be Black Angus.
  Nobody's ordering Bucatabeppo.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Oh, you mean nobody's doing takeout from that organization?  It's like they're running.
  They're almost primarily.
  Guy Fieri and stuff.
 Doing all this other.
  So that shitty ass Mariah's cookies bag that looks like it was like a sub  middle school bake sale.
  That's Black Angus.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  So your tell was aesthetics less than than cookie.
  We don't we don't think that there is something somehow superior  about their baking process, which you only nudged it up a tiny bit.
  Well, so the baked goods I got from Guy's kitchen were not good either.
  Would you generally call all of this not good?  Yeah.
 OK.
  But I appreciate it.
 Jason, vote.
  I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
  I appreciate the free cookies.
  I wish I had every recording.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  I wouldn't I wouldn't jump at it.
 Yeah.
  You know, I think a lot of these stunty places or ghost kitchen places,  that is kind of the takeaway.
  We're like, that wasn't great.
  Mike, any feelings about quality?  Would you do this again?  Would I get free cookies or would I order for them from your own volition?  Get Mariah's cookies.
  Yeah, probably.
 Hmm.
  I mean, just what it would be like, they would the the fun of it  being Mariah's cookies would be the like the reason.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It would be the novelty versus like these are these are fine.
  I mean, like sometimes I buy like like day old Walmart cookies.
  If I'm in the in the back of the.
  Yeah, good for dunking.
  And look, those are not always those are like I if I chew  chew them and they're like bad, which they rarely are.
  They always seem like like around this quality.
  These are not bad, but they're close to grocery store.
  Right.
 Yes, exactly.
  It's like grocery store.
  But, you know, no, but I bet you pay.
  Pray to premium versus just going to the Ralph's and getting.
  Oh, can we guess how much this was?  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Guess a single one.
  And then and then you besides that, I did two of them.
  See, you box each cookie or about all the stuff.
  So how many were in box five, six, six each box.
  Thirty eight dollars.
  I think that OK, good.
  Jason, I was going to say twenty five.
  Twenty five is right.
 Yeah.
  For delivery or with delivery.
  That's with all the stuff.
  And if you tip OK, which I'm like, you do, because it's your order.
  They're bringing a little box up for five bucks a cookie.
  Holy crap, Scott.
  Mariah, Mariah, Mariah, what are we doing?  I love it.
 Can I just tell your listeners the ghost kitchen  I'm excited about this week, which is only up for a limited week,  but it will be going on Wednesday, which I'm thinking about ordering.
  Yeah.
 Mom's spaghetti.
  Oh, yes.
 What?  Temporarily in L.
A.
 for a week.
  From what entity? From Eminem.
  He's doing it.
  He's running it out of the Polly's deli downtown.
  Yeah.
 But they're also ghost kitchens all over.
  I could get it in Santa Monica.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
  It's a it's yeah, it's a limited time.
  I'm very excited for this Polly's deli.
  This is a place that Pete Davidson keeps wearing their hats and shirts.
  But it is like an East Coast deli and they're supposed to open  another one in the valley.
  And they have like pork roll, egg and cheese and chicken  cutlet like with broccoli, Rob.
  Oh, I actually would love to try that.
 Yeah.
  But also mom's spaghetti.
  It's so funny.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I wonder like to know this is almost like a Harry Potter level.
  We've heard it discussed so much.
  What is butterbeer tastes like?  What is mom's spaghetti?  Mom's spaghetti.
 Famous cinematic foods.
  He should do a limited time one.
  That's the Venom spaghetti.
 That's squid ink.
  Oh, yeah.
  With the venom cheese, if anyone saw the venom cheese going around,  it's like, oh, bring it up on your phone.
  Yeah.
 Charcoal raclette like or mozzarella or something.
  It's black.
 That's good.
  Yeah.
 It's like just imagine venom, like the symbiote alien,  like just melting off into like your food.
 Whoa.
  I want to say, though, I don't want all celebrity restaurants  to be ghost kitchens.
 I want to go through.
  I want to walk into a submarine.
  I want to walk through a camera.
  I want to see Ken Griffey Junior be stressed out in person, not on an app.
  So ghost kitchens for now, Earl.
  But follow Paulie's, Robbie's lead, open brick and mortar things.
  Experiential, even if we didn't experience the experiential,  hypothetically, you could.
  There's a wall with a bunch of donuts taped to it or something.
  We want to go see it.
  Is Robert Earl exploring the idea of the metaverse, though,  where you might get something delivered and then you sort of eat it  while you're in the metaverse and you're in a themed virtual environment?  I hope he is exploring.
  Defector has done a great series that caused the relationship to end.
  But the 76ers, the Philadelphia 76ers, were supposed to pair  with this metaverse company called Color World.
  And when they dug in, they found all this weird stuff.
  Like, did this used to be a flooring company?  And why are there two different  people listed as CEOs every time we check and one is named like Solution?  And like, it's not clear what this company does or how it's going to make a metaverse  for a basketball team.
  And then like two weeks later, 76ers are like, we are not going forward  with the Color World partnership.
  That's like a Four Seasons Total Landscape.
  Yeah, it is.
  Like a paint store that they accidentally.
  I guess we can do metaverse.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  The quick snapping at the sun in the back.
  Look up metaverse.
 What is metaverse?  Yeah, well, absolutely.
  Physical locations.
  But maybe in the metaverse, we can dream of each Mariah Carey cookie being  even more expensive.
  Oh, yeah, for sure.
  Well, it'll be you have to pay for it with crypto.
  So it'll be at least be at least be more confusing.
  Elrond coin with Elrond.
  Elrond coin.
  You can sell your Elrond ape or your Elrond ape can eat the virtual cookie.
  Can I feed my.
  You walk up to it like a little like avatar of this fake Mariah  and say Mariah, can my ape eat your cookie?  That's progress for you.
  All right.
 Well, Eva Anderson, you have again survived  an episode of Celebriwery.
  Oh, thrived.
  Oh, wonderful.
  Thank you for joining us.
  I mean, you'll be bad.
  Is there anything you want to plug specifically on this?  I still want to give you the opportunity.
  Look, it's you know, it's a platform to get your brand out there.
  I want to plug mom's spaghetti.
  Wonderful.
  And you'll be back soon enough.
  We'll see you to close out the month.
  See you soon.
 Mm hmm.
