 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Okay, let's just start.
  We gotta start.
  We gotta use this.
  I'm recording now.
  I just wanted to make sure you're okay.
  You know what I mean, I was just checking in.
  Oh, thank you.
  We're just checking in on Jason.
  We're checking in on the second gate, Celebruary.
  Oh, that's it?  All right.
  Yeah, we're checking in on Jason.
  Honest, hi.
  Hi.
  Yeah, Celebruary.
  Well, it's the Celebrity Restaurant Month.
  Yes.
  And we made it here now to, well, I previously called Planet Hollywood the big dog, but that  was a lie.
  Yeah.
  You were lying to the listeners again.
  Yeah, this is in my mind the big dog, I think.
  Yeah.
  I think so, well, and if you haven't already seen the arch and the postcard and what it,  that's what makes it the, I think the simplicity and the bareness of how they advertise the  restaurant.
  Yeah.
  The silhouette.
  Our guests specifically honed in on the silhouette when weighing her pros and cons.
  You want to say, you want to introduce our guest?  Yeah, it's Marissa Strickland back on the show.
  Hi, Marissa.
  Woo, woo, woo, hi.
  Woo, woo, woo.
  Al Lewis's famous catchphrase, woo, woo, woo.
  Oh, he energized the set.
  Hi.
  Welcome, hi.
  Hi, I'm excited to be here.
  That reminds me of the phrase I say all the time that Marissa coined years ago when like  something impressive has happened, you go, ooh, aloo.
  It's good.
  Which I still say once in a while.
  What's the rationale of that?  You got to ask her.
  It sounds good on the tongue.
  It's not ooh, aloo.
  It's an unexpected turn.
  Well, yeah.
  It's going to kick people off.
  Yeah, and then people are like, woo, ooh, aloo.
  Their eyes get big and they're interested.
  Have you said ooh, aloo lately?  Not lately, but it does happen in my mind often.
  Do you remember the last time your mind said ooh, aloo?  No, I don't remember.
  Sorry.
  Well, hopefully today.
  It just happened.
  These sparkling facts about grandpas, which is Grandpa Al Lewis's restaurant.
  He, of course, from the Munsters.
  We don't necessarily need to explain him from the ground up because there's been so much  Munsters talk.
  I feel like from Halloween on, there's been a, as if Grandpa Munster himself has been in  the corner of the, he might be, his ghostly presence might be in this garage.
  Maybe that's why.
  He's come up, correct me if I'm wrong, it's mostly my fault because I am very intrigued  by him and I like watching old Munsters.
  He is a kid.
  He's one of those guys that I, we've talked about this a little bit before, I think.
  When you watch, especially the old sitcoms, he's one of those as a kid.
  I think most kids go, he's funny, I like him.
  You don't know, you can't articulate what about the performance is good or what you  like about this weirdo, but you know as a kid, oh, that guy's funny.
  I like that guy.
  And I think that's where some of my fascination with these older character actors like you're  Ed Wins and you're Al Lewis, like as a kid, those are always the ones you look at first,  I think, because they pop more than a lot of the other characters.
  They're like living cartoon characters.
  Exactly.
  And they often did some of these, like in Ed Wins also did the Mad Hatter, some of them  did like Disney cartoon characters, but then they all like, a lot of them just in real  life.
  And it seems like they even, as we learned about Alan Hale, he was just a little buddy  out in the world.
  And Grandpa, it sure seemed like he was Grandpa a lot of the time.
  He wasn't specifically Grandpa and he was, you know, being a funny weirdo.
  Yeah, he was Grandpa, but he was also, I think the difference from reading is that Grandpa  was not as happy to be at Grandpa's as Alan Hale was to be at his lobster barrel.
  I think that's in general, but he was still, he was a very odd cartoon character of a man.
  Yeah, he's sort of like a walk around theme park character, escaped the theme park.
  You could see him in real life, but he would also maybe complain and run for some state  and national offices.
  Like if Gaston suddenly showed up and was like, I'm running for the Senate seat in New  York.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Gaston.
  As Gaston.
  Yeah.
  But just like Gaston and then Gaston's real name right afterward.
  Because I feel like that's what Al Lewis tried to do.
  He tried to get Grandpa Al Lewis on the ballot.
  They would not refer to him.
  They refused to put him on the ballot as Grandpa Al Lewis.
  What are we holding?  What norms are we holding up that we can't put the word Grandpa in a ballot?  Yeah.
  Of a guy we know isn't going to win.
  Give everybody a little smile when they go to do their due diligence of voting.
  Yeah, it should be, yeah, you should be allowed to do that.
  I mean, we talked a little bit on the Alan Hale because it was Skipper Alan Hale where  they have to add their character because they're worried people won't know, which I think is  something that should come back.
  I think like whatever character Jesse Tyler Ferguson played, it should be that character  name should be planted in the middle of his three names.
  Just so you remember.
  Like I like it on Andy Griffith.
  There was George Goober Lindsay.
  He played Goober.
  But when he was on a hee haw, they still threw the Goober in just in case you forgot that  he played Goober on a sitcom.
  Do you have a preference for it being thrown in the middle with quotes or do you want it  upfront and then the real name afterward?  Well, I think it depends.
  I think an official title like Skipper or Grandpa.
  Grandpa Lewis, I guess would work.
  But I don't know.
  I think if it's a title, I don't want to answer for you.
  But I think if it's a title, you put at the top and if it's a weird name, you put in the middle.
  Like Richard Karn.
  It would be Richard Al Karn.
  In quotes, Al in quotes.
  And it's Tim, it's Tim, Tim, Tim, the tool man, Taylor Allen.
  Exactly.
  You need like the single quotes and the double.
  Why don't you pick your favorite sitcom actor just now and try it and see like which way  you would feel comfortable.
  Well, what popped in my head was just John Jack Ritter.
  Oh, cool.
 Yeah.
  But I don't know if that reads, you know.
  Well, I think what's the last name was Tripper.
  Tripper.
  OK, so it would have to be John Jack Tripper Ritter.
  That's too much.
  Tripper? Not Tripper wouldn't work either.
  Like Charlie Anger Management Sheen, everyone's favorite sitcom.
  The one he's known for.
  The one he's known for.
  Wait, that's his name of the show, though.
  He doesn't play a character named Anger Management.
  Unclear, unclear.
  Has anyone ever seen an episode?  Jason Stiffens.
  It could be.
  One of us in this room would have had to have watched it.
  But I mean, like late, like they will.
  They have put Vermin Supreme, the performance artist who sometimes run for office, I believe  is listed on ballots as Vermin Supreme, but they wouldn't put Grandpa Al Lewis as Vermin  Supreme.
 He's the guy who wears a boot on his head.
  That's what it looks like from here.
  All I could see was a boot and a beard.
  Where is he? Where's Vermin Supreme doing his running?  I think he's been involved in like the Libertarian Party and like I think he'll just show I think  he's always at the New England primaries, presidential primaries.
  Is it one single person or is it an identity that can be passed?  I don't think it's like a James Bond style character.
  I think it's this guy specifically.
  OK, is he a bad guy?  Do we know?  Specifically on the member of the Libertarian Party Judicial Committee.
  So that could really go either way.
  That's not the best sounding thing in the world.
  But OK, Vermin Supreme.
  Can we use that as a catchphrase or a name for someone here?  Vermin Supreme.
  Yeah, I guess Jason Vermin Supreme.
  I don't know.
  I don't think he's won a lot of elected offices.
  So I don't know.
  He's never been officially a Supreme.
  Unlike you.
  Well, you think I could take some of his shine?  I could take some of his energy?  I think that's true.
  So yeah, so we've talked so much already about old sitcom actors.
  Well, I have a question here.
  Well, first, just basics before we get into it.
  This is in this restaurant was in Greenwich Village in the 80s and 90s,  like late 80s, I think it opened.
  It is now a mac and cheese restaurant.
  If you're around, if you're on Bleecker Street,  there's a mac and cheese restaurant called Murray's.
  That's what it is today.
  I've eaten at a mac and cheese restaurant.
  Did we eat one when we were in New York?  I think we did.
  Could it have been grandpa's?  It was very small.
  I bet it's not.
  It was very small.
  They could have divided it up, though.
  Yeah, it might not be the full space.
  Because the picture, there's a video of Al Lewis during this time,  and they show a picture of grandpa's, and it's on a corner of something,  and I think the place we ate was in the middle.
  I don't think it was.
  Yeah.
  Okay, yeah, maybe only some of the space.
  But anyway, that's the basics.
  He was, and this is a restaurant, he was around a lot,  like six days out of the week, and you might go into the restaurant  and he would be the host.
  And we'll get into all this, but I just wanted to say the basic stuff about it  before I ask you, Marissa.
  We sent you, like, here's what we're noodling around with on the second gate,  and there was Allen Hales lobster barrel, and there was grandpa's,  and you said it was a tough decision.
  Oh my God, it was.
  I'm sorry to put you through this.
  What ultimately tipped it in the favor of grandpa?  Well, grandpa was my heart.
  It was like the first choice was like, oh, grandpa's.
  And then I was like, oh, like, Allen Hales,  like I wanted to talk about Los Angeles in the 70s,  so that was like hard to like say we're not going there, you know?  Oh, sure.
  But then when I did see the menu, I was like, the menu is his profile,  and it was made by Fred Gwynn, too.
  Like Fred Gwynn drew the profile, which I thought, you know, is like extra special.
  That's pretty neat.
  His monster buddy was an illustrator,  and I love the fact that he was the president of the Harvard Lampoon.
  Oh, yeah.
  50s.
  That a weird thing?  So, yeah, multi-talented guy.
  I also you know what?  I was kind of laughing at the profile.
  There's a version I saw of it where it's really tiny and it looks a little like photocopy and chintzy.
  But then I saw a big version of it that might have been like on the front of the menu.
  It was, yeah, on the front of the menu.
  That's pretty great with like thick line weights and that's pretty iconic.
  I think it's beautiful.
  Yeah, yeah, I do.
  I respect the art, seeing it in full and with color.
  A friend of the show, Andrew Grissom, got me a shirt that someone drew that logo on the front of it.
  That's sweet.
  Wow.
  Really?  So that means you have two Al Lewis shirts, counting the one you're currently wearing.
  I own two shirts that have Al Lewis on them, and I hope that's not the end of it.
  I hope there's a chance like a Car 54 shirt maybe or a different Munster shirt.
  An Al Lewis for Governor.
  Can I ask you, Mike, would one day you want to say, Ooh La Lewis?  I mean, yeah, I would like to say it every day.
  Ooh La Lewis.
  Now that'll replace the other instinct I have.
  Marissa, can I ask, what is your relationship with Al Lewis like?  I mean, in my mind, we're married.
  No, I think I mean, I grew up on the Munsters like everybody because it was just constantly in syndication.
  So like, to me, it's just one of those things where I don't remember particular episodes, but just all of it is like such a wash of joy and fun.
  And I loved watching it.
  Same with Gilligan's Island.
  Like it felt like both of those were on constantly.
  Yeah.
  So it just feels like, you know, feels like home.
  Because you're like us where you're like, there's you like the magic is much more in like late 70s and lower like TV.
  Lower.
  Lower.
 That's how you describe the numbers going down in the past.
  Real low.
 You know, a long time ago, real low.
  The numbers of the years get lower.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Lower years ago.
 Lower years ago, I said.
  Our Lord Jesus was born in the lowest year.
  Yeah.
 So I feel like you're like Marissa, correct me if I'm wrong, your favorite show of all time is Match Game.
  Yes, it is.
  Okay.
 The original Jean Rayburn, Matthew.
  There were earlier versions.
 It's the Jean Rayburn ones for me.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's like, it truly like makes me salivate.
 I've watched way too much of it in Pandemic too because it's like one of the bigger things.
  Who were your guys?  Yeah, yeah.
  That's the way to put it.
  I mean, I mean the classics on the show.
  Sure.
 Charles Nelson Riley and Brett Summers.
  Brett Summers.
  I mean, really them.
 Like it's, I just want to watch them.
  I think Richard is a little too kissy for me.
  He's kiss and kissin'.
  Well, which he took into family.
 Richard Dawson we're talking about from Hogan's Heroes and Family Feud.
  Yeah.
 It just is like really uncomfortable.
  And I know the sexual politics or whatever of the time where like you can just kiss anybody, but I don't like that.
  Yeah.
 Somehow not the weirdest sexually from Hogan's Heroes though.
  Don't forget Bob Green.
  That's true.
 Rayburn a little loose on that show too.
 I would, my memory is correct.
  A little bit.
  Yeah, he's a little loose, but like he's such the consummate host.
 Like he's just keeping it up.
  I'm currently reading this fan written book on Match Game.
  So I'll send it to you guys.
  It's Justin Got It For Me For Christmas and it's very like, I would say the spelling's a little weird.
  The syntax is a little weird, but it also is a compilation of a lot of cool stories that you wouldn't get from like PAs and producers on the show.
  It looks like a labor of love.
 So like I just, I'm reading it for the details.
  That's nice.
 You're looking past the poor.
 You gotta have an unedited, just like on Amazon kind of books.
  It's very that.
  You ever see one of those like small press or self-published books where when you put it in the bookshelf, you realize like, oh, the spine is the wrong way.
  The letter, like it's, you have to read the spine bottom to top.
  I was like, oh no.
 Lower years to higher years.
 Lower.
 Lower years to higher years.
  Mike, did you say lower because that's just where like you, the lower number channels, that's where you'd find MeTV or AntennaTV where you would likely find the monsters nowadays.
  I think you're giving me too much credit.
 I think my brain just malfunctioned and that's what happened.
  You're also kind of repeating something from Alan Hale where you're making this demand, but you would agree that like late 70s and then back and that's the cutoff.
  Yeah, we don't talk about anything but that.
 I kind of bullied Marissa into saying that, but I do know it's true.
  You're not letting anybody dip into even 80 or 81.
 That doesn't count.
  I mean, when you, okay, the cutoff is elf.
  Oh sure.
 That's the end of the silliness you feel like that was the last gasp of.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
  Elf and anything before it.
 There's a few, you know, you still got your small wonder and.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Oh my God.
 I love small wonder.
 Yeah.
 I've rewatched it.
  Just as a series.
 I mean, not as a series, but just I've rewatched episodes and I'm like, I loved this.
  It's interesting to watch something when you're older, when you have such nostalgia for it.
  But then you're like, as a person that has an adult brain, I can see this differently.
  You're like a more sophisticated viewer in terms of like, I can tell what is a like high production value, well-made show and what is a cheap ass low rent.
  Yeah.
 No one involved in this will be invited to participate in Hollywood in any other way.
  Yeah, but I love it.
 Man, I love it.
 I love it.
 It's in my heart.
  Well, how did we have to, do we have to say more stuff about Al Lewis to figure out why he got into the restaurant gate?  Where did this, what happened? I watched some of an A&E biography.
  It's a little bit like he has a real, like I don't want to say low stakes for his scump.
  Like it feels like he has so many things he did, but like I, it's hard to tell exactly how much any of them were.
  Like he's, oh, he performed everywhere and he was a vaudeville guy or I think he's, he called it like vaudeville.
  Like, like he added the extra syllable in there.
 He later.
 Basketball scout? When was that?  He was a scout.
 He played basketball when he was young.
  I think he had like a children's program with basketball also.
 Something like that.
  Something like that.
 He was involved in two different comedy clubs, one in Staten Island, one in Yonkers, comedy Mecca's if you will.
  Sure.
 And that was after the restaurant.
  You know, I hate to cut you off, I apologize, but can you imagine, Jason, Marissa and I of course did improvising.
  We were improvising.
  At the improvising club.
  I did not sleep a lot last night.
 I'll say this, but you know, can you imagine if the three of us, instead of coming up at UCB, came up at a grandpa,  Al Lewis owned comedy club.
  At grandpa's Yonkers or whatever.
  Or grandpa's Franklin Village.
 Grandpa's at an LA spot, you know.
  I made it onto a GFB schtick team.
  Yeah, see I'm on a level three schtick team.
 My schtick's getting pretty sharp.
  Look, yeah, I mean, some people say it's a little corny that we all wear the capes and the big necklace like Dracula, like grandpa, you know, but it's part of the, you know, part of the performance.
  We do the same sketch every night where like, Jason, like you like are gambling and you lose your clothes and have to wear a big barrel.
  This is comedy.
 This is good.
 I love this.
  Very good.
 I mean that, yeah.
  Where everybody ended up having to work at a 50s diner type restaurant and wear big pink aprons in addition to your ghoul face paint, just as Herman and grandpa had to do in the movie.
  I think it's called the Munsters Revenge from the early 80s.
  This still is so insane because you don't see the Munsters in color a lot.
  So knowing that their face color is like weird gray green, then they're in bright pink gingham with red hair.
 This is bizarre.
  Yeah, really bizarre.
 But you know what the best revenge is? Success.
  So with grandpa and Herman running a good restaurant, running a successful restaurant, that'll show them.
  That was a little luck.
 Yeah, I know, because I was like, I don't think that movie did well.
  I mean, within the universe of the movie.
  Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
  Well, I don't know how the scene proceeded, but do you think that these two then were good at waiting tables?  I don't.
 I mean, it was probably a success in terms of, you know, you got to put in your work.
  You got to put in your time behind the counter.
  Was it Tom Sharpling or somebody? I said something similar and then somebody pointed out Tom Sharpling to the same thing.
  The Munsters is basically a show about dressing Fred Gwin up in the silliest outfit possible.
  On top of the silly outfit he's already wearing.
  Right.
 Like that's most of the episodes.
  He does seem to describe the Munsters writer's room as just like bored out of it, angry.
  How quick can we get a sandwich in here to focus on? I don't know.
  We'll put him in all this clothes.
 All right, good.
 Call out Shirley.
  I have a pit.
 You know what? I don't usually give away my great Hollywood ideas, but I want to give one away right now.
  Oh, my God.
 I just had a few weeks ago.
  Southern Munsters.
 Get like a Reba, Tim Blake Nelson, dress them up as a wolf man, creature from the Black Lagoon, and let's go.
  Same gimmick as Adam's family, Munsters.
 It's a family, but they are from the South.
 There you go.
  That's fun.
 Yeah, I agree.
  Can I ask this, just because you're talking about reboots, what are we thinking about this Rob Zombie Munsters?  Well, we have one thing we're excited about, I would say.
  Do you know who's playing Al Lewis, who's playing Grandpa in it? It's the actor who played Jay Leno in the late shift, the movie about the late night wars.
  So we're very endeared to being, well, he was cinema's first narrative Jay Leno.
 The second has now appeared with Adam Ray, Pam and Tommy.
  So it's exciting now to compare contrast Lenos, but at least at the time he was the only one.
 So knowing he's going to bring his impressions.
  He also played Gary Marshall in a really a couple of crazy bad TV movies.
 So if he can do Gary Marshall so well, I bet his Al Lewis is going to be pretty spectacular.
  That's going to be fun.
 Yeah, and we're getting closer to the Leno multiverse too.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 All the Lenos pointing at each other.
 That's right.
 It's about time.
  Yes, the Adam Ray Leno and Daniel Roebuck Leno and then hopefully Jay Limmo from the car, the carified version of Jay Leno from Cars.
  And when you talk about those universes collide, here's the, these are the two people who Daniel Roebuck has played most prominently in one sketch together.
  This is a Halloween sketch from 96 on Jay Leno's tonight.
 I don't know what's happening.
  Jay is at a scary desk wearing not his suit, but like an Edgar Allen Poe kind of suit, which is different to see from Jay.
  And Al Lewis is waiting on him to sign something with a feather.
 So if you have that full sketch, please send it away.
  Appreciate that.
 There's a lot of older like older Al Lewis with the costume or half the costume on.
  Here is a particularly jarring photo of him in the middle of yelling or something.
  Look, here's the thing about Al.
 After 19, probably 75, any photo of him is very jarring.
  His hair is crazy.
 I've said this before.
 I thought he was 70 on the Munsters.
  And he was young.
 And he was like 42.
 He was like all of our age.
  He was not much older than Fred Gwynn and I bought that he was grandpa.
 But yeah, the picture of him is a bit unnerving.
  So who I forget who asked the question to finish a point about why there might be a restaurant is I'm saying this guy maybe did a lot of stuff.
  He, you know, he cast the net wide as far as what he was going to try out and restaurant ended up being there.
  Yeah, he seems like maybe he as opposed to Alan Hale, who was just like, yep, I'm skipper forever.
  It seems like he maybe wanted to get away from it for a little bit before like hard re-embracing it seemingly like in this restaurant by just and by the restaurants, grandpas and grandpa on the ballot.
  But he like came back to it.
 You know what? I feel like this is an arc for Adam West.
  Maybe too, that he had a frustrating 70s before in the 80s going like, all right, this is what people want.
  I should just love it and embrace it.
 Yeah.
 Now, sorry.
 No, no, I was just curious.
  Like if you guys had like a core character you were known for, would you embrace it or would you try to distance and then maybe embrace it?  If it was like, like if my character was like something like like toilet boy or something from a sitcom, maybe I would say I don't want to be toilet boy for my whole life.
  But it depends.
 Like I think you I think people have seen the arc of these actors so many times now and maybe hopefully like learned like Leonard Nimoy was upset to play Spock and then he wrote a book about it.
  Like then he wrote a book that he liked being Spock.
 So I feel like the older I get and maybe the the far the farther I feel from having any tangible success, I start to think, you know what?  Maybe I used to think maybe I used to think, oh, at a comic convention, seeing some old actor sitting at the table, that's kind of sad.
  Now I go, what a gift.
 What a like Butch Patrick.
 Like, yeah, you were on the fucking monsters, man.
  Like, that's pretty great.
 So as I get older, I have a slightly different perspective on that.
 So maybe toilet boy, I would be happy to be for the rest of my life.
  I'm sorry.
 Toilet boy has been given to somebody else.
  I was so close.
  Rebooting it.
 It's a new take.
 What's your feeling on that?  I feel like I would do kind of what grandpa did.
 You know what I mean? What else?  Yeah, I like doing my best to be like, hey, can I get back to some serious roles?  Can I be known for something else and then be like, give the people what they want, you know, if those things didn't take off.
  Well, yeah, grandpa seemed like he might have been a little cranky to go back to grandpa as well.
  Well, in some ways, I feel like Adam West, once he was like old, old was like, got it.
  I'm Batman.
 And whenever you want me to be like, he was fine at a certain point.
  Just being like, yeah, thank God I got Batman.
 At least I can cash in on this thing.
  And he didn't seem too unhappy anymore to be Batman.
 But yeah, it's everyone's different.
  Yeah, I get it in the mini bubble of people listening to this show and what it has done to my social media,  where it is mostly comments reminding me about a clown I don't like and insisting that I am Peter Pan.
  I could see in this miniature way, I could see wanting to step away from some of the things that you're known for.
  But we'll maybe down the road, things will change.
  Do you want to trade? Because for the last week, I've just been being sent the picture of the new coach of the Miami Dolphins,  who I don't think resembles me at all, but has a couple of similar like hair swoops and a similar pair of glasses.
  He's a decent looking guy too.
 I don't think that would be a bad looking guy.
  I'm just confused at what exactly.
  I got the text too.
 I got a text from somebody about you, about the coach.
  Like, hey, did you see this? And it's a picture and I go, oh, yeah, I've seen people have been saying this looks like Jason.
  Yeah, he's not a bad looking guy.
 And I was just like, wait, I don't, I guess I don't see.
 I kind of see it.
  I kind of see it.
 Yeah.
 I don't know that I would have thought and thought about it.
  But all right, we'll switch.
 I'm now.
 I look like the Miami Dolphins coach and you can do art of Jason.
  And I can be will love it.
 Jason will be paying all day.
  He'll go put on a costume.
 You'll go buy it down the street.
 Come back.
  Yeah, just like if I were to I'd be the most annoying toilet boy ever.
  I'll be paying.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 One room one room at the Courtyard Marriott Cleveland, please.
  So when you said I lost the role of toilet boy, I lost it to Jason.
 Yeah, I'm sorry.
 I didn't want to I thought it would be too much.
  I'm going to get snake.
 It's going to go to a big budget.
  Reimagining starring Chris Pratt after me.
 So you said snake.
  I thought you meant snake like a toilet.
 Like you're like going to have a big tube.
  Well, that's what deadline that's what deadline variety snakes.
  Jason the drain.
 My girl sends fortunes down the drain.
  Baffo box office for toilet.
  Toilet boy snakes, baffo box office.
  It's a real it's like the back to the future thing where I had the role for two weeks and then I got fired as toilet boy and then Jason stepped in.
  Yeah, they wanted a less.
 Yeah, less weird annoying toilet boy.
  I'm sorry.
 I'm conflating.
 I'm conflating.
  What's his face?  Eric Stoltz and the guy who's the father who's kind of a lover.
  Crispin Glover, who's a weirdo.
  I think it's just kind of a guy.
  Was goofy as he wasn't as much as playing too straight.
  He's very straight, like very like just a cool teen, I guess.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So well, the point is he he re embases.
  He re embraced grandpa in various ways in various forms of business, including this is what you guys might have stumbled upon.
  I have it.
 I think we go for it.
  Is this the the hotline?  Oh, I know.
 No, it's a different thing.
 OK, but that's good, too.
  I'm going to play as much of this as I don't want to give away what the hotline is.
  But here's here's something.
 Here's a product he was excited about.
  Hi, kids, it's me, your friend, Grandpa.
  I got to tell you, I am starting a new club and I want you to join it called the Junior Vampires of America.
  I mean, you'll hear scary monster stories.
  The call you got to ask your parents permission and call the phone number one nine hundred nine oh nine four three zero zero.
  You'll hear all about my monster friends.
  Learn how to get a free vampire patch and a list of special vampire tricks and secrets.
  So call one nine hundred nine oh nine four three zero zero.
  Learn how to scare your friends, even yourself.
  Join Grand.
  So, by the way, did he say did he say, hey, it's me, Grandpa?  Grandpa.
 Yes, I have a feeling because the D dropped for the restaurant.
  Like, I think he was like skirting some copyright stuff with different grandpas.
  It is odd because on the show friend, grandpa, grandpa, grandpa, grandpa.
  I wish the restaurant was grandpa's.
  Then it's like truly the greatest restaurant and topic ever.
  Grandpa.
 Grandpa's calzone.
  He he was doing unlicensed grandpa monster stuff, which is really funny.
  Like, I'm trying to think of there's a good example of somebody who played like a very famous character and then just tried to do it without the rights of the original property.
  I'm sure there was a got to be an example.
  But like, this is what I was going.
  He made a movie where he played a vampire in like 1990.
  Do you see this, Scott? No, it's called My Grandpa is a Vampire.
  That poster is a big moon and it's him.
  Yeah.
 And he's like not completely made up to look like Grandpa Monster.
  But I watched the trailer and it's 1991.
  And yeah, he's just a vampire.
  The two boys figure out that their grandpa is a vampire and there's hijinks.
  And I couldn't tell the whole thing, believe it or not, is up for free on YouTube.
  It's not it's not on HBO Max.
  It's not being it's not on the Criterion channel.
  It's not on Criterion.
  Now, can you just confirm? Is there grandpa vampire or their grandpa?  Well, the writing says, you know, grandpa, but I didn't I don't think he says his own title here.
  I mean, I prefer grandpa in general, but I like that in it that it seems I consider him less grandpa and more grandpa.
  Right.
 The way the restaurant is spelled.
  The restaurant is spelled grandpa.
  In the Munsters credits, it says Al Lewis as Grand Pa.
  Yeah.
 So maybe that's a skirting too, that it's grandpa.
  But it's a pretty generic word.
  Hmm.
 You're saying as the G-R-A-N-D in the Munsters.
  It's like M, the cuddliness of M.
  Oh, wait a minute.
 There's a different name for this movie.
  Maybe in America.
 Hold on.
 Let me find this.
  This sounds familiar.
 I feel like like there.
 Yeah, I know some bizarre.
  By the way, his character name in it is Vernon Cougar.
  Yeah, yeah, right.
  And he's the star of that.
 Was there an Al Lewis starring movie in 1991?  It's shocking he hasn't shown up in Disney Channel Original movie, like some of the old actors they got for those to play grandparents and stuff.
  Oh, sure.
 I didn't realize he was in used cars.
  He's a judge and used cars.
 One of the early Zemeckis movies.
  He's not even he's not like making vampire puns and winking.
  He gets to like actually play a character and he does pretty well.
  I think Moonrise I'm seeing a poster for.
 Is that the alternate title?  Yes, that's well, that's one of them.
 I think there's a different one as well.
  And I'm trying to find it.
 Sorry.
  The New Zealand Film Commission.
 Yeah, that's there's yeah, there's there's a I have a poster for Moonrise as well.
  That's a lot more like like drawn.
 Oh, yeah.
  Which is like grandpa flying with the two boys.
 That feels much like if that's 91 that to me feels like 81 to me.
  It's possible they completed production in 81 and it didn't come out until then.
  But yeah, I'll keep looking for this.
 There's a different I think there's yet another title.
  So maybe in America they wanted to call it a different thing just so they could escape the rights.
  The Universal Studios, right? I assume Universal has the rights.
 I don't know.
  Look, I haven't vetted this and I don't want to go looking for a clip where I can't find it.
  But I'm seeing thumbnails in Google images of it seems like he has taken the two boys to McDonald's.
  Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
  I was I was shit.
 I meant to take a screenshot of that and show it to everybody and I completely completely slipped my mind.
  Yes, there's a shot that's clearly a promotional shot.
  I think of McDonald's in the background always with the boys.
  So McDonald's has to have had some sort of like investment or deal.
  I know McDonald's.
 Wait a minute.
  There's a three minute my grandpa is a vampire cut down on YouTube that's from Everything is Terrible from Oh My 80s, which I think is Doug Jones.
  Oh, right.
 Yes, I believe.
 All right.
  Well, Doug, if you're listening, sorry, we haven't watched your three minute my grandpa is a vampire cut.
  I'm excited to check it out once we're done.
 Yeah, I mean, we doing it.
  I mean, is there a future? My grandpa is a vampire episode.
  I don't know.
 We'll have to we'll have to judge.
 I'm not saying there is.
  I don't know.
 Is our excitement about Al Lewis enough to sustain another episode?  I still think we could do like an Al Lewis month potentially all the different things he's been in or whatever.
  But this is about just the food.
 We want to stick to the food.
  Well, let's talk about the restaurant a little bit.
  Yes, please.
 Well, yeah.
 What what did we learn? Is there like I mean, it's so it's a pretty like old school.
  I don't think the restaurant is weird or like it's not like, you know, fang burgers or anything.
  It's just like good Italian.
 Right.
 Do we know if it was good or not?  Do we have any idea? Looks like standard.
  Grandpa said it was great.
 I know that he said I don't and I don't have cooks.
  I have chefs.
 So that should tell you the quality is high.
  Yeah.
 The logo usually was accompanied by the phrase Italian food dot dot dot at its best.
  OK, then and the full.
 He's no liar.
  Did we say the full name of the restaurant yet? OK, because it's is it Bella Gontay?  I think it's gente.
 Bella gente.
 Bella gente.
 I was curious.
  I have a Google.
 I think it might be a hard G.
 Let me see.
  Gente.
 Gente.
 Bella gente.
 Bella gente.
 Oh, in Spanish it's gente.
  Bella gente.
 Beautiful people or nice people.
 Yeah, beautiful people.
  Rampa's beautiful people is the name.
  Wait, yes, that's weird.
 Possessive.
 Yes.
 Grandpa's beautiful people.
 Yeah, that's great.
  That's a delightful name.
 Yeah, and that's for coming in.
  I think so.
 People he employs or.
 Well, I think they serve the nice people.
  They serve nice people.
 You know what I mean?  It's like being like you're part of the mix.
 That's what it feels like.
  Yeah, that's nice.
 And there's this there's a 20 minutes and I've already forgotten the name of it.
  There's like a little mini documentary on Al Lewis that gets into like what he's doing there.
  And you can see good quality footage of this place, which looks like I don't.
  If he wasn't there, it wouldn't seem like anything special, I don't think.
  It's like, you know, there's not very New Yorky.
 Right.
  Kind of kind of packed and but but but pretty upscale looking and kind of an old school feeling.
  Yeah, but there's no like crypt or anything.
  There's no I don't think it was super themed.
 I think it's an Italian restaurant.
 Right.
  So really, the highlight was just he would greet you and ask how many people in your party.
  That's a dream.
 Smoking or non-smoking.
  He seems to every time they show it in that footage, it seems like he's asking it for the first time.
  Maybe a little like confused.
 How many?  He's eating while he's doing it, too.
 He's eating some pasta off a plate.
  A big bowl.
 It's holding up real high to his face.
  Yeah, how many or whatever?  And then he's like, too.
 Non-smoking or smoking.
 Like, what a crazy thing.
  This guy was on TV and now he's greeting you and seating you in a restaurant.
  There's also great footage of people on the outside all like looking in like he's there.
  Grandpa, I see Grandpa.
 Grandpa's in there right now.
  Yeah, it is wild.
 He's visible from the window.
 He's in a little like cage.
  It's like he's like he's at the zoo.
 But you get to go eat at the zoo with him.
  I would so I really wish there was footage of Alan Hales because the way Alan Hales was described is that it was a party in there.
  Alan was thrilled to be there.
 He'll be talking to everybody, doing whatever.
  This is the complete opposite.
 This seems like you're bothering a man on his meal.
  He's there and does he really he's a performer.
 He's an actor.
  Does he really want to be sitting and seating people? No, there's no way.
  But then so why is he? Because he needs money.
  But he gets money for doing that.
 He can't just put his name on it and then not be there.
  Here's what here's where I'm a little confused.
  I'm a little confused.
 And this is where if you listen, there's a couple episodes of the Gilbert Godfrey podcast with Billy West where they talk a lot about Al Lewis.
  They believe this was a mob joint.
 This was owned.
 I don't know this.
  This is true.
 So don't sue me.
 But they believe this was a mob joint slapped with his name on it.
  And they were just paying him some money to be the greeter that he did not own this at all.
  And to create a big distraction in the front.
 It's grandpa.
 Look, Grandpa.
  And nobody's thinking about what's happening in the back.
 Exactly.
  Because like why not if he was owning this and putting the money in? Yeah, I don't think he owned it.
  Like what I read was that somebody approached him.
 Some restaurant tour was like, hey, come over here.
  And then he was like, I guess I'm in the restaurant business.
 Yeah.
  So he was getting a salary to greet people.
 Essentially, he wasn't like Carol O'Connor with his place or anything like where it was like they were owner and they were it was just probably he was getting what?  And what in 1989 to do this? A grand a week? Five grand? I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Who knows?  But that's the I don't know if they were joking as much, but it seemed like Billy and Gilbert were insinuating this was some mob controlled restaurant.
  And they were just using him to get the gin up business.
 Interesting.
  Interesting.
 Which one is still what a terrible plan.
  How about you just the food should just be good and advertise, you know, but obviously the biggest two is the star is going to pack them in and legitimize.
  Did they go to other people first? Did they go to I don't know Patrick, which Patrick or like he's not a Fred Gwynn.
  They went through the full cast.
 Yeah.
  They started low.
 They went through the whole Addams Family first.
  Yeah.
 John Astin said no.
 And then they went to Maury, Amsterdam and Rosemary.
  They said no.
 So but the thing is, I found an article where he's talking about opening up more of these.
 Yes.
  He wanted to like scale it.
 Yeah.
  Louis predicts the pasta restaurants will be the next gigantic national franchise.
  He hopes to open two more grandpas Bella Gante, beautiful people restaurants in Manhattan and by 1991 to expand into Philadelphia, Boston and Chicago and sell a commercial line of pasta products.
  I saw a pick up some pasta.
 Yeah.
  Right.
 So it's unclear exactly what the business dealings here were.
  But I get the sense from that video and from some of the anecdotes Billy tells that he wasn't so thrilled to be here all the time.
  I think Billy has a lot of affection for him on that on these episodes.
  But he tells a story where he watched his like two ladies who were so excited there and like thought the food was great.
  Thank you so much.
 This is great.
 We're going to tell everybody about it.
 He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He's like real short with him.
 And then they like left and came back in to like ask for him.
  Oh, can we get a menu or whatever? And he's like, yeah, yeah.
 And he left and he turns to Bill and he goes drop dead.
  So which is great.
 And there's plenty of anecdotes like that in these two, maybe three podcasts of him like hanging out with them.
  Who he said was like a good guy, like a good guy, but like was obviously eccentric and cranky in a lot of ways.
  Well, he kept interesting company.
 Here's a story that I found about him is that when the Ramones were going to produce,  they were going to maybe seek the production efforts on an album from the great Phil Spector.
  And they went to his house and his house had a lot of signage on the way in of like, beware, dog, stay away.
  It's a scary house.
 It's falling apart.
 It's locked in time.
 And they get into a room that's all red velvet or Phil Spector says, Ramones,  are you ready to do the best album of your life? And then they look over to the side and there's a huge red love seat and Al Lewis is sitting on the love seat.
  He's just hanging out in Spector's house.
 And then he was around a lot.
 He'd like go to the, it wasn't just there.
  He'd like go to the real recording studio and just be there just because Phil was there.
 So he's hanging around.
  And then he'd go down, the Spector and the Ramones.
 He was like, Yoko Ono or like hanging around.
  What a Yoko to have.
 Al Lewis.
 But then he got into, this is indeed Ramones biography or his autobiography where he got into big political fights with Johnny Ramone,  who was very conservative.
 And they'd get into huge fights about where Al Lewis is adamantly in support of universal health care.
  And this is in 79.
 He's yelling about health care.
 And it's Johnny Ramone who's saying, then those lazy immigrants will never get up their asses again.
  And Al Lewis is saying, you're an idiot.
 You don't know what you're talking about.
 Hey, I'll probably feel Spector fires a gun.
  Yeah, that's what I was wondering.
 Did Al Lewis ever see Phil Spector pull the gun?  That wouldn't shake Al Lewis.
 He's got the gun again.
  Also side note to that, that he was usually, or at least when they met him, he was wearing a big cowboy hat and boots.
  Gilbert talks about that all the time.
 Like why the country western? Like all of a sudden he was wearing like a bolo tie and a big hat.
  And he was like, he even like started talking like that a little bit.
  Like he affected a southern accent and a southern persona.
  He was always smoking like a gross cigar, like wine flavored cigar or something maybe.
  That's insane.
 Is that a thing? Do you think this is a wine flavored cigar?  Do you think this? I also like there's a photo.
 There's like a headshot, a signed headshot of him in a taupe in a chef's hat with a big plate of pasta.
  A lot of this month has been relying on stuff that is only preserved on the website worthpoint.
com.
  I don't know if it's true, all the menus.
  All the menus and autographed paraphernalia.
 So I don't know who all these people are.
 If this is like the celebrity autograph spot nowadays.
  Like you got to register for worthpoint.
com to get a quote.
  It's an unfriendly website.
 They don't want outsiders.
 They want people who are serious about bids on photos of Al Lewis with wet pasta.
  Wet pasta.
 Not cooked pasta.
  There's no sauce on it is what I recall.
 That's what's funny about that pasta to me.
  It's a very butter pasta situation.
  It could be clams.
 It could be linguine with clams kind of like tossed in.
  It's so much better than the celebrity alcohol craze of these days.
 It's all boring.
 It all looks like the same bottle.
  The stories are boring.
 You've told them so many times.
 The motorcycle stories.
  Most of the stories are boring.
 Some of them are riveting.
 Some of them are some of the most exciting stories.
 Origin stories.
  But like yeah.
 Is anyone other than Paul Newman still selling pasta? Is there a celebrity pasta happening?  Oh well one of the Ramones has a pasta sauce.
  What?  One of the Ramones has a pasta sauce.
 This has also come out.
 Tom Charbling has brought up before.
  Oh I didn't know that.
  Is it Dee Dee?  I don't know.
  Well I know Aerosmith's drummer Joey Kramer has a coffee.
 Which is at least different.
  Coffee is different yeah.
  Yeah.
 Marky Ramones.
  Marky has Marky.
 Steve Sharippa from the Sopranos I believe also has a pasta sauce.
  Alright that's good.
  Celebrity pasta sauce.
  Oh celebrity pasta sauce.
  Once you take locations out of it.
 Now we're so far from the themed experience.
  I don't know.
 We're drifting.
 This is a whole month this has been a big experience.
  How far can we drift?  That could be one episode though where we taste a few celebrity pasta sauces.
  That'd be very fun.
 Wine taste them too.
  Sure.
 Marissa is there any celebrity you know living or deceased that you'd like to taste their pasta sauce?  I mean.
  That sounded like an I apologize for that.
  I would taste any celebrities pasta sauce.
  Okay but there's not a specific like if somebody is on.
  Like there's obviously people we all like that if they were on a sauce bottle we'd go we have to try it.
  Oh yeah.
  We get fooled into buying it.
  I'm looking if I'm not seeing it.
 There's a lot of recipes but you don't see a lot.
  The official because that's what's so fun like Paul Newman in the different hats is such a delight.
  So good.
  Yeah.
  Makes me happy.
  I'm glad that's still around too but yeah I'm trying to think because on the Ellen Hale we all were kind of brainstorming which celebrity restaurant we would like to create.
  Like I wanted to Paul in I think I said Paul in stew cauldron is the idea for the name of my mind there.
  So if you can even think of that too.
  Yeah I'll think on it.
 I don't know.
  Brett Summers.
  Yeah I mean I would I would I mean I love her.
  Yeah.
  Who do I love.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Maybe.
  No.
  I was like I was like it's someone in a caftan.
  That's what my brain just said.
  Like who?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  But I was like that's the vibe of the celebrity I want to eat their food is someone in a caftan.
  I mean this guy is very famous but we you have a fascination with Jack Nicholson.
  Especially in his later years.
  Yeah.
  Eating a hoagie.
  Yeah I mean I would I would eat.
  The pieces of dropped hoagie.
  Jack Nicholson's pieces of dropped hoagie restaurant.
  Yeah like the whole onion slice.
  That's really gross.
  Like a tasting platter sort of thing.
  Yeah.
  Are you saying there's not even connected to a restaurant.
  I would eat his hoagie droppings.
  Off the floor?  No off his chest.
  Off his chest.
  The off the Lakers off courtside.
  Yeah well I'm not going to do it in front of people.
  It's private between me and Jack.
  There's a very I don't know if you've seen this guy.
  There's a there's a picture a couple years ago.
  He's on a big boat and he's eating a hoagie.
  Have you seen this?  No.
  Look up Jack Nicholson hoagie and these photos circulate once in a while.
  Yeah they're truly a delight because it feels like.
  Oh my god.
  Well the Know Your Meme describes his moobs.
  Oh sure.
  Well I don't care for that.
  I'm not there for that.
  Yeah.
  No I'm there because he's more interested in his sandwich than the fun in the sun.
  Yeah.
  You know.
  He's smoking a cigarette in the water.
  It's a fantastic photo.
  That's the greatest photo of all time is Jack just his head poking out of the water with  a cigarette.
  Like making sure it doesn't go out by by going under.
  Marissa can I pitch you a possible.
  A possible.
  No a possible a possible celebrity you might be drawn to.
  You had told a story I don't know if you had told it when you were on the show before  but you had told to us and you had received the same Jerry Saltz book multiple times.
  Is that correct.
  Oh sorry.
  No.
  No.
  Wait and who's Jerry Saltz?  Do I have the name wrong?  Yes you have the name wrong in my head.
  But you know the story I'm talking about.
  Oh Jerry Stahl.
  I heard Jerry Saltz.
  Oh I had the name wrong.
  I had the name wrong.
  Yeah Jerry like a Hollywood like dark side of Hollywood Charles Mikowski kind of guy.
  You have received that book like twice.
  I think three to four times I've received that book from my father.
  From your father.
  So if like Jerry Saltz had like a sandwich.
  I'm not having Jerry Saltz salt.
  He's on Twitter too and I'm going to get he's going to yell at me Jerry Stahl Jerry Stahl.
  You've gotten the Jerry Stahl book so many times the hearing about Jerry Saltz is a nice break in the pattern.
  Jerry Saltz is a fried place and pretty tasty a little salty if you can believe it.
  Now that is an alter ego of yours is Jerry Saltz.
  Jason Saltz.
  Jason Jerry Saltz Sheridan.
  And then signing that at the podcast conventions.
  Remember me?  Keep it salty.
  Keep it salty.
  Keep it salty.
  Well for no reason you're dressed as a vampire.
  Not even you didn't do well it's not your character it's not what you were on the show.
  It attracts people to your booth.
  Yeah.
  Keep it salty.
  It's an icebreaker.
  You draw them in with the vampire outfit you keep their attention with why is the vampire saying keep it salty.
  Well anyway that was a long digression with no outcome or no end point.
  The outcome was a great catchphrase.
  Sure.
  Grandpa.
  Oola Lewis.
  Grandpa there's I took a screenshot of the video this documentary.
  He's got some of the longest nails I don't know if you can see that.
  I mean he was perfectly cast.
  Yeah.
  You've got those nails you've got to play a vampire.
  Yeah but it seems like and they're long but they also look like dirty.
  I don't think it was even a look.
  I think it was just like he didn't cut his nails.
  I feel like he's not a person that's concerned about outward appearance.
  I think he's rolling through life being like sure.
  Yeah.
  No I hate this.
  Bye.
  I think yeah I think that he didn't worry about that as far as maybe hygiene as much from some things I've heard.
  I don't need to get into it too much but.
  You're going on record saying Al Lewis didn't have good hygiene.
  I will go out on a limb here because it's the Patreon only though.
  Because that's I don't want the general.
  I don't want people to get mad at me if they knew like Al Lewis smelled like a fresh bar of soap.
  You son of a bitch for slandering his cleanliness.
  But yeah there's some really.
  In what way?  What body part?  Yeah what do you?  Oh I think there was just there's an anecdote I think I read when he made an appearance on the Howard Stern show and I think there was speculation that it seemed like he shit his pants.
  That's all I'm saying.
  Oh my god.
  Well wait that could be a one off.
  Hopefully a one off.
  You're just assuming you know that shit.
  How sad that this speculation is now built into he's not hygienic as a human.
  Well I'm just saying the nails look just like I'm just saying.
  There's speculation of like.
  I could see someone who wears repeat wears an outfit like he wore the tuxedo and cape or whatever.
  I could see that not getting enough dry cleaning.
  Like it's a little funky.
  Yeah I don't know if he's wearing the cape I'm just saying there's some of the anecdotes and like the cigars and everything I think it was just you know.
  So you're thinking like sweat human fecal and wine flavored cigar.
  I'm just yeah again because we're on the Patreon I'll say yes.
  I'm reading this I wasn't there.
  I don't know.
  You never smelled that.
  I didn't smell it.
  You never had the pleasure.
  Yeah so yeah there's these there's a lot of video there's yeah that's where on the video too there's a picture of the menu.
  It's great.
  It's so good.
  Yeah.
  It's an excellent thing.
  There is a little I guess I would call it an Easter egg in today's parlance in the menu.
  The monster you can order monster pizza black olives capers and monster cheese.
  Oh that is pretty good.
  But it's real subtle like it's mixed in with the other pizzas like there's no other real mention.
  Yes that's like the only fun item because this is what this is a common refrain on this month of shows of like not enough fun named things.
  I believe it.
  Yeah.
  I think we need it like if you're giving me a theme give me a theme and I want to be in an experience too.
  Like I don't want just like white tile.
  So you're saying you would have been disappointed with grandpa's because it's not.
  I don't think it's enough.
  I don't think it's enough.
  Yeah I will I mean yeah I don't know if we're at the end of the plug.
  I agree I agree that we want a coffin of some kind.
  We want something.
  We want to enter through a coffin.
  Yeah sure.
  That's good.
  A little if there's stairs like a little rumbling from spot.
  Spot was their pet.
  The dragon.
  That lived under the stairs.
  It was like a dragon yeah.
  Yeah.
  So like all that stuff for sure.
  And then at least at the bare minimum is like a glass case filled with like merchandise and then fun names on the menu.
  Yeah that's the fun names on the menu is the bare minimum.
  I think right.
  That takes like no time.
  Yes.
  And which are we in like is it does it have to be Munster characters or is it vampire style.
  They even have the rights to do Munster stuff.
  Drop the D from every word.
  Just the D gets dropped and then it's copy.
  You can do it.
  And then and then restaurants where John Gotti could do it every once in this restaurant.
  Could a good like John Travolta play a Gotti movie where Gotti sets up grandpas.
  So you have like Robuck and then Travolta as Gotti.
  I'm here to see him organizing again.
  Yeah Travolta is Al Lewis is pretty I don't want to take it away from.
  I refuse that I cannot watch that.
  The Travolta is Al Lewis.
  Yes.
  I'm still upset that Travolta played Devine's character in that second hairspray.
  It's under my skin in such like I'm so angry about it.
  But that was sort of in the tradition of how the Broadway show was it was always like you know.
  Yeah but funny gets it was like Harvey Fierstein like Fierstein Fierstein.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that was lovely.
  I saw it and it was lovely like hairspray is one of the best movies in my opinion of all time.
  The 1988 you know the original one.
  And so like I don't know.
  I just just drawn just John Travolta.
  John Travolta like you can't have him.
  You were having a physical reaction.
  You were like really like.
  Yeah it was bizarre looking.
  Yeah.
  My organs turn over and they're upset at John Travolta as.
  With all the prosthetics and then digital touch up on top of the prostate.
  It's sick.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  It got into some weird.
  I've never seen you more passionate about anything.
  I mean it pisses me off.
  I really wish we could just erase that part of American history.
  Wow.
  So for you and this here we go here's another reach classic short reach it did stop the beat.
  Sure.
  That's a song and hairspray.
  I assumed yeah.
  Yeah.
  I haven't seen the movie actually.
  So I don't know.
  Don't.
  I walked out.
  I've walked out of two movies.
  You walked out?  And that was one of them.
  Yes I could not handle it.
  So I did the Los Feliz 3 and I was like I cannot fucking watch this.
  What was the other movie you walked out of?  Center Stage from like I think it's like a Julia Stiles movie.
  I remember that yeah.
  Yeah.
  It was fine.
  I just didn't want to be there.
  Not a big stand.
  No it wasn't a big stand.
  In a moral way.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  How?  I've I there's been a couple times in this because of my lack of sleep but also because  we go so far off I go why how did we get here in this kind of part of the conversation?  I feel like I'll completely forget.
  It was Travolta and Gotti.
  Yeah.
  Sorry.
  I don't know.
  It's great.
  That's big feelings on that.
  Yeah.
  We I don't like look I don't want to be against everybody here but I do I do kind of like  that it was just a restaurant that Al Lewis was sitting in.
  It's so funny.
  It's so funny.
  You're not wrong about that.
  I know the idea is to Oscar it up.
  Of course.
  Plussing it up this month it's Oscaring it up which is the thing where you put a bunch  of stuff on top of a steak.
  Yeah.
  Crab.
  Crab.
  Creamy crab.
  Crab and birthdays I believe.
  But yeah Scott.
  Yeah.
  To improve it to take it to another level.
  Yeah Scott you're not wrong.
  I have a picture of it.
  It just looks like nothing like it doesn't look like anything special.
  It just looks like this.
  It's a red awning.
  It's very like 80s New York basic.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think the confusion of this and that that would be enough for people that he would be  sitting in there when you came in and he might mutter at you on the way out.
  It's pretty it's pretty fun to me.
  Yeah I would 100 percent go and I would linger near wherever he's standing.
  You know what I mean.
  Like he'd be like you can sit there and I'm going.
  Actually I would guess though maybe some of the best food this and Alan Hales as like  actual restaurants that seem committed to what they're serving which is like high end  seafood and like you know American Italian kind of food.
  Probably the most reliable of the places that we've talked about in terms of quality of  the food.
  Well I think the most direct that you can get where the select I think the celebrity  having eyes on it and then knowing that it's not some big corporate entity that it's good  honest hardworking mobsters putting the place together as opposed to these awful like groups  and organizations I mean everywhere that did the that did Planet Hollywood or some of these  other put like the more corporate things get the celebrity connection is so tenuous by  the end.
  Yeah.
  The mob was I've said this I've told this before where Bob Newhart talked about on some  special where it was Vegas was better when the mob was in charge and not corporations.
  Interesting everything was better because like corporations it's truly all about math  and money bottom line.
  So he was like yeah they would have weird things even if it wasn't making money like  certain rooms or certain things in casinos just because like it would offset them by  the money they made and like they weren't so like like hyper focused on like everything  having to make a certain amount of money which yeah that's that's what you get with  grandpas and unlike a corporate celebrity restaurant.
  So Pacasaray is pro mafia.
  We love mafia.
  As long as it's got it as long as it's Travolta Asghati.
  No offense Marissa I'm just saying we love Travolta Asghati.
  But Mike you and I we had an improv festival once we like on a whim ate at an Italian restaurant  in this part of New York in this part of Manhattan and I bet grandpas was it was solid.
  I don't remember anything about it.
  I don't remember the name.
  You're saying that was on the same level of quality.
  I bet grandpas would have been as solid as that like nice kind of regular hole in the  wall place.
  Are you talking about the macaroni place or what are you?  No no we like like that was like a hipster show.
  Yeah no it was just like a Italian.
  You and I ate there?  And like some other people.
  Was it oh let's spend a couple more minutes where I try to think.
  Let's play this out fellas.
  We just needed something quick and someone had heard this place was good and we went  there.
  And you're guessing that's the same quality.
  I think that is on the level of like.
  I mean there's no way I couldn't possibly speculate.
  It seemed like this place was okay but it lasted a couple years.
  So I feel like you could do Italian pretty badly.
  Like you know what I mean.
  Oh you can.
  Like I think there's bad Italian about that.
  Oh for sure.
  Three words that tell you how to do it badly.
  It's hard to do it badly I feel.
  That's the hard like.
  Yeah something has to be really wrong in an operation.
  Exactly because people have people are like oh yes I like cheese I like tomato sauce you  know what I mean and then and pasta.
  And people still like make it sad make it like thick like too thick a pasta and you're  like what am I doing here.
  I could eat this at home better.
  I don't want to give it away but if my calendar is right what we're doing in two days to close  out the month I strongly suspect that the Italian side of it is rough.
  I don't know if you've looked into the pictures of the.
  And I can't go in it's in the future but like that seems like they didn't do it but who  knows.
  The get a day at that restaurant are not going to be very nice about the quality.
  I found a vintage according to the so according to this this is a vintage this was something  you could get.
  It was a shirt called grandpa's and it's just a picture a different picture of his face  and it says grandpa's and then it says under it we love you.
  Do you think Al Lewis made that shirt for himself after grandpa's closed and was like  cashing in on like a separate like sidestep.
  Right.
  Well this looks like he's in like a like the porthole on the love boat.
  Maybe.
  Do you think maybe he did like a whistle stop tour.
  There's a fame and there's a story about Lyndon Johnson when he was running for office in  Texas.
  He got some sort of a medal or something in World War Two solely by being on a plane that  flew through a certain area of combat like entitled him to a certain star or something.
  So when he ran for office he had a guy at every stop on the campaign tour present him  with this medal.
  So do you think Al Lewis when he tried to run for governor and then senator do you think  he was presented.
  And of course Al we made you the shirt that we love you grandpa.
  Just at every stop along the way.
  Every Italian restaurant at every cigar store.
  That's right.
  Something you said I remembered another part of this article.
  Lewis also performs on the college circuit.
  He says I entertain them and then they have eight million dopey questions.
  I answer some of them and that's the end of the act.
  He's braver than Seinfeld.
  Al Lewis never stops playing the college circuit.
  Yes Seinfeld just call him dopes but answer the question.
  That's all you gotta do.
  Here's a couple other fun facts.
  Several years ago he was the opening act for and I've never heard of this.
  Eddie and the Munsters the rock and roll band of Butch Patrick the Munster grandson who  sometimes joins Lewis for lunch.
  There is a take you now to the cute up song.
  Here is so this yeah this is this weird I think this got I think remember like in the  when in the early 80s there's weird things that would get played on MTV because they  didn't have enough tapes to fill up the day.
  If you just took the effort to make a music video it might get played.
  I think that's the story with whatever happened to Eddie by Eddie and the Munsters.
  So this is Butch Patrick the kid from them as you're singing.
  You've never heard this before.
  I'm debuting this.
  I think I think I've never heard me.
  I've never heard it.
  Oh this is this is something who boy oh boy.
  All right.
  Here's whatever happened Eddie.
  And then some sex effects.
  The Jets like the specials right.
  Pretty good.
  That's legit.
  Oh good with a mixed up brain.
  My brain went to like the psychology of someone who creates that song.
  You know what I mean after having gone through whatever being a child actor and then making  that like that's a very that's dealing with like deep material inside of them.
  Whatever happens to you.
  You're asking the question about yourself.
  Yeah.
  Never happened to me.
  Essential kind of.
  Yeah.
  That's what I'm thinking.
  Or it's a cash grab.
  I don't know.
  I mean I think you had to grab like the thing that I was reminded on this and Alan Hale  is that Gilligan's Island and the Munsters both only lasted like two or three seasons.
  Real short.
  Revived eventually but like God knows what the TV residuals were like.
  Well yeah.
  Back then.
  Yeah.
  These people did not make a lot of money on these famous shows.
  Yeah.
  If they didn't make it that long.
  Yeah.
  Well that's yeah that's a bummer.
  You gotta make your your new wave song.
  Finally cash in.
  I'm sure that was any toward like say so and guess what Eddie the Munsters are coming to  your town and guess who the opening act is.
  G.
G.
  Allen in the murder child case.
  But like what then what so all right we're gonna play some songs about me and the Munsters  and then what does grandpa do before that.
  It's not stand up.
  He answers questions.
  Some of them.
  And then he leaves.
  That was dumb.
  Next.
  Next.
  Gotta be some very sleepy magic in that.
  Oh I don't know.
  Gotta be some very sleepy magic.
  I'd like to hold.
  He yicks a little too hard and then all like the five things all come out of his sleeve.
  He rips like his sleeve rips from the thing.
  It gets caught.
  Ah yeah.
  He just like makes this motion and leaves.
  And then Eddie only has the one song.
  So this ending of entertainment is over in 16 minutes.
  One of my favorite things is finding like a how would I describe it.
  I guess a back to the well type of a thing.
  Like I've talked before about Bobby Boris Pickett who did the Monster Mash.
  Yes.
  Which is kind of a fluke hit for him.
  And then he went back multiple times to try to do it again in a different version.
  He wanted to do the monster swim and then there was a monster rap in like 1990.
  I love back to the well material.
  So this feels similar where it's like well I don't know I'll just sing lyrics over the  monsters theme.
  Is it the well if it wasn't the well that you created?  You know what I mean?  But he's part of the well.
  He was like next to the well.
  He was trying to dip his siphon.
  Lower in and grab something and get out.
  A real mole hole in.
  I wonder what Butch Patrick thought when that pop punk song from a few years ago that sampled  the monsters theme.
  The Fall Out Boy?  The Fall Out Boy song.
  What do you mean what he thought of it?  I wonder what he thought of it.
  Oh we thought a lot of it.
  They're ripping me off.
  Oh so you like it when they do it.
  When my punk band does it.
  Did Fall Out Boy ever go like folks there's a special guest in the house tonight ladies  and gentlemen say his name you know who it is Butch Patrick.
  Cricket.
  Cricket.
  There is I believe today on our Facebook group I noticed this.
  I don't know if you guys did you notice this?  No no.
  This is posted by Andrew Ratner.
  He said today at the American Dream Mall Butch Patrick is signing and they have the full  Dracula.
  Whoa.
  That's very cool.
  Wow.
  So on this very day we're recording this you can go get an autograph from Butch at the  At a giant graveyard.
  A terrible mall that everyone hates.
  And by the time you hear this it'll be last week.
  Yeah.
  That's right it'll be.
  So go to the mall like go stand around see if you can see Dracula tracks anywhere.
  We're recording this at a lower date than you think is what I would say.
  I mean but knowing how they operate we will have announced it before they do.
  They will announce an event in the past.
  Right right right.
  Dang it.
  We're ahead of that.
  Who messed this up?  Look it makes sense if it's just me messing up the buffer app to schedule posts but the  American Dream Mall is doing it.
  I mean they got a lot of money.
  Yeah they really yeah they should get on top of it.
  But they look they're obviously they've got some good ideas to drive traffic.
  Yeah.
  So.
  Sit in the fan get Butch Patrick in here.
  Get her there brother get Al Lewis.
  He died many years ago.
  Ah damn it.
  Southside Johnny's busy.
  The Al's Asbury Dukes will not show up.
  Johnny should be like the greeter at the American Dream Mall.
  He should be like the Al Lewis of the mall.
  Like tell how many where you want to go.
  It's sugar.
  Oh yeah.
  To point you in the direction.
  I don't know where it is.
  Yeah.
  You want to hear some harmonica.
  Guys would you like to head into the the presence portion of this episode.
  Oh yes.
  There is a presence portion of this episode.
  Hang on.
  Okay let's see.
  Is it behind the palette of pasta sauce jars.
  Oh my god.
  Covered in a bug con shirt.
  So these are not I have three things here and they are not I didn't pick them for individually.
  So you just like say what speaks to you.
  I just really want to see a pile of Al Lewis things and for you guys to get to go home  with them.
  So let's see.
  Wow.
  I mean this this really is a pretty mad.
  This is a foot tall.
  This is really good.
  With a plastic head.
  It's really it's like the the Woody from Toy Story.
  Yeah.
  Fabric body and plastic head.
  Pretty massive.
  Really soft feet on that one.
  Looks like very soft feet.
  And yet the the fabric on it is kind of scratchy.
  The insides are soft but scratchy maybe like Al himself.
  I don't know the hygiene of this item.
  I don't know where it's been or if it's any it's similar to.
  I'll just put them on.
  You don't have to say now but just know that you're you're going home with something Al  Lewis related.
  This is beautiful.
  That's great.
  That this is what now that when that showed up I didn't realize how much huger it was  than this other one I got which is just a couple of inches tall.
  But it does come with a little dragon.
  Wow.
  That's great.
  Wow.
  Thing here.
  And then this is from a Etsy store.
  Now I don't remember the name.
  I'll post it somewhere if I can.
  This is a flask that says grandpa's secret formula super powered rocket fuel.
  This is pretty good.
  That is good.
  Say the name at the end if I find it really quick of the store because it turned out pretty  solid but flask Dracula.
  Anybody call out what's speaking to you.
  You don't have to do it right now.
  No pressure.
  But I'm curious if one item if one way to represent Al Lewis.
  I think Marissa should choose first.
  Oh man.
  I like them all.
  I think I'm most attracted to the doll the big doll.
  Yeah I mean that's the piece to resistance.
  Yeah.
  Well absolutely.
  Is that OK.
  Yeah that's fine.
  I'll make it fly like a vampire.
  Over to you.
  Here we go.
  Sore.
  Oh it flipped up.
  That was pretty great.
  Oh my god.
  This face.
  Marissa.
  This face he's like looking up at you with delight.
  Will you take me home.
  I will grandpa.
  You're in love.
  Forever.
  I know.
  For as long as I live.
  How come every time I come on this I get a new boyfriend.
  Oh yeah.
  I'm sorry Mr.
 Tato.
  Old news.
  Well if we're calling it I think I'd like the cast iron.
  All right.
  The toy.
  If that's all right Mr.
 Toy.
  And some hooch.
  Are you are you assuming that I don't already have an Al Lewis toy.
  You're being correct.
  You just seem to have like lots of nice display flat surfaces.
  So I feel like the flask would be easy to prop up.
  Well I'm not going to display I'm going to drink out of it.
  I'm going to get hammered.
  Sure.
  That's a functioning.
  Thank you.
  Yeah.
  Thank you so much.
  This is so much fun.
  Absolutely.
  Yes.
  Well yeah.
  Take it on treasure him.
  Treat Al as your own.
  I mean are we at the end.
  Anything else we want to say about old Al?  Can I just say something about the Munsters.
  This might be it was a real like mind blower to me when I was reading.
  I didn't realize that the Munsters were like comedy versions of the Universal Monsters.
  And it's like so obvious.
  And I was like I never understood that.
  You know and you know I mean it's just like making a cute funny version of the monsters  we already knew and loved.
  Right.
  A higher Frankenstein's monster.
  Bride of Frankenstein.
  Wolf man.
  A Maryland.
  Regular lady.
  Which is a funny bit.
  Yeah I think it's great.
  I think it's super funny.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I guess I don't I don't even know if I really knew.
  I mean I guess it makes sense.
  It makes sense.
  But I never put it together that that's they were like using the IP and kind of like.
  Yeah.
  Do you have a Munsters versus Adam's family preference.
  Munsters.
  And I feel like I my aunt always had like Adam's family books.
  Yes.
  Right.
  Right.
  And so I feel like I saw those first because like I was a little kid and would be looking  at them.
  But the Munsters like they're they're more funny to me.
  They feel they're like the people you want to hang out with.
  Yeah the move I think the movie Adam's family knocks knocks it up.
  Way out of the park.
  Because those are so great.
  I was only thinking about the shows.
  Yeah.
  Specifically because of Al Lewis and Fred Gwynn.
  Yeah.
  Show might be strong.
  Yeah.
  Even though like what's his name Jackie something who played Fester Jackie Coogan.
  Thank you.
  And ask them.
  Those are fun.
  They're fun.
  But they're great.
  Gwynn and Lewis get out of here.
  These two guys.
  They're so funny.
  I'm also I'm confident that I've said this on the show before but it bears mentioning  again since it's a monster episode.
  When I was making Moonbeam City with my friend Tommy Blacha when we would have to do the  boring ritual of notes calls and does a grind through like like like we just really think  that it should be less this.
  We would just dread it so much.
  We had to get through it.
  So the deal you make to make the show and we would do the way we started getting through  it is by putting on Netflix.
  I don't know where the Munsters is now was on Netflix then and we would put it on mute  and just have the Munsters on.
  So if we're ever frustrated by the call then we point and then like this sped up footage  of the Dracula going really fast and crashing into the barn or whatever house and smoke  flies up or like you know Herman's dressed like a greaser.
  But all the time we'd go we'd start dragging and like oh yeah this is oh hey look at that.
  And so I would say and now we're in a world like hopefully we're getting out into the  world and they were a little less zoomy in the near future.
  But really the listener the next time is something you don't want to do.
  Something in the air.
  You're stuck at a computer.
  Get a little make it take a little screen.
  Make it small in the corner or big.
  Put make your zoom small.
  Fuck the zoom.
  And then put the Munsters as the main thing on your screen on me.
  It's going to get you through whatever crap you don't want to do.
  Highly recommended.
  Well Guardian Munsters.
  And you have what you have now to take home with you.
  It's like it's like the elf on the shelf.
  We talked about a while back.
  Or the mention on a bench.
  You got a Lewis.
  I don't know what it rhymes with a grandpa on your hamper.
  Yeah.
  Grampa.
  Grampa in your hamper.
  Grampa in your hamper.
  You're going to have to move them to take the laundry.
  Good news I just checked.
  Peacock is your place to currently see both seasons of the Munsters.
  They grabbed it back.
  They're like we're bleeding out to Netflix.
  We need to get our properties back.
  Yeah.
  Bring the Munsters home.
  Munsters go home.
  Yeah.
  Take a back seat.
  Take a back seat in Herman's coach WWE.
  The Dragula is saving us.
  Well, we've we've you know like I think maybe we when the Munsters  Rob Zombie movie comes out is when we start to do more Munsters content.
  But for now I do feel like we've got a lot we got a lot out.
  Yeah.
  And that's going to be on Peacock also.
  Is that true?  It is.
 Yeah.
  Is that confirmed?  Oh.
  We're going to do the AMC rent a theater.
  No, you can also rent a theater.
  Oh, OK.
  It's going to be like it'll be on Peacock, but also in theaters.
  I'm so curious.
  Like I truly don't understand what the tone of that movie is going to be.
  Yeah, it's hard to tell.
  Well, yeah, when you see just like goofy smile and Munsters,  but then Rob Zombie, Mr.
  Scary.
  Yeah.
  Mr.
  Scare.
  As I call him Mr.
  Scary.
  I know we're in parentheses Mr.
  Scary.
  Mr.
  Scary.
  I know where at the end, but like I did do Rob Zombie's American Nightmare,  which is like an immersive maze haunt thing that they had in Pomona.
  It was in Pomona like maybe like eight years ago.
  It was a while.
  Whoa.
 At the fair or just a freestanding standalone haunt, right?  It's a standalone haunt.
  It was like three mazes and then like,  you know, like some cover band singing something that was unrelated.
  You know, like, you know, like some kind of 80s cover band.
  But it was one of the best haunts I ever went to.
  Very fun.
  There was one where you had to like wear a bag over your head.
  And I got stuck in a corner at one point because you can't see because you got a  bag on your head.
  And a little man came out and in by my ear was like, you're in a corner,  which was very helpful and also kept to the theme.
  So you're saying you have faith maybe in Rob because this this immersive was  good.
 The immersive.
 It was truly beautiful.
  It was like one of the best mazes.
 Like there were three mazes.
  One was like House of a Thousand Corpses and it was done really well.
  And then one was like a neon maze, which I don't remember as well.
  And then one was the bag head.
  I don't remember what the name of that one.
  How many times have you had a bag put on your head for immersive?  Maybe like twice.
  OK, I'm not I'm not because I had an anxiety attack in October  when they were about to put a bag on my head for something.
  And I tapped out before the escape.
  Was it one of the spooky ones?  Was it an escape, scary escape room?  There was a minute are involved.
 Oh, yeah.
  Did you do it? No, I didn't.
  But I've talked to people who have.
 OK.
  Interesting.
 Mm hmm.
  I don't I don't I'll say it later.
  There was a funny thing, a funny Rob Zombie thing going around  the Internet recently where it was like a live, laugh, love kind of painted sign.
  But it says dig through the ditches, burn through the witches.
  Slave in the back of my Dracula.
  And that really says it all.
  I mean, as far as the episode up.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, it's a it's a beautiful message.
  Thanks for touring the crypt with us.
  We're strictly just survive podcast, the ride, the second gate, celebrity.
  Take good care of the gramp on the.
  Oh, oh, my God.
 Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Um, I guess if you're curious, you could.
  I like made a little like short that you could see.
  It's called Give Me a Sign on my website, Marissa Strickland dot com.
  It's kind of moody.
 Oh, cool.
  OK, like the monsters or I mean, it's not spooky because, you know what I mean?  I think the monsters are like funny, spooky, but it's more like  take a little walk and be like, hmm.
  Oh, cool.
  Well, sounds great.
  You know, it's just talking about, you know, life and sadness.
  But it's like it's not sad.
  You know, I mean, you make your own choice.
  That's a really intriguing plug.
  That sounds great.
 Yeah.
  Wonderful.
 And we've got to like, I'd say like a moody little walk  coming up in two days on the main feed to close out celebrity.
  Is it for the main?  There's it for the second gate and for celebrity.
  One last one.
 I think we're we're we're closing it out in a pretty interesting  way, I believe.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is yeah.
  Well, no need to say too much more.
  But be excited for that.
  I'm afraid that Etsy store, by the way, timeless terrors.
  If you want a monster related flask, I think I think they have other stuff like that.
  It all looks very cool.
  So shout out to that Etsy store and keep it tuned here for a sadly next month  when it goes back to not celebrity restaurants anymore.
  I know this is who I don't want it to end you guys.
  Yeah.
 Maybe we just switch.
  If anyone notices, it's hard for we might run out of topics fairly quickly.
  But who knows?  We keep digging.
  Or who gets restaurant tours?  We didn't do an episode about Cougar.
  Both Xavier Cougar's.
  I read Charo.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes.
  No.
 Yeah.
 I said Marissa videos of Charo every couple of.
  Frequently.
 Yeah.
  Frequently.
 Yeah.
  Usually no context.
  And then like we don't even say anything about it.
  Like I haven't talked to her in a month.
  Here you go.
  So we communicate.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  Well, thanks for listening.
  Ula Lewis.
 Keep it salty.
