 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may be a testament to the hard work and imagination of those  who dared to dream of a one-of-a-kind adventure.
  To take one of the most beloved science fiction universes and bring it to life with an unprecedented  amount of detail and heart.
  This week, the world's eyes are on central Florida as we celebrate the incredible journey  the cruise on podcast the ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride where today you can be our guests.
  You got nothing to lose.
  Why don't you let us take you on a star cruise.
  Oh, we baby.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by oh, we Mike Carlson.
  I am here.
  Oh, we is now the thing I'll say before being introduced on any podcast.
  Hopefully that'll be that's like really like my he ha name.
  Maybe like oh, we Mike Carlson.
  Oh, we finally got it.
  Months after the country bear.
  Yeah, chamber week.
  You got your folksy sound to go with your intros.
  Oh, we and we Jason Sheridan as well.
  Hi.
  Is that a reference to is that a song?  This was a sea cruise.
  The song by Frankie Ford.
  Is this is this the song where I was I think I was trying to determine with Aaron  who the artist of this was, and I really confidently said, yeah, it's Solomon George.
  And then she looked it up and like, no, there's no such person as that.
  I was like oddly confident about.
  I think I was you were thinking about what Solomon.
  What's his last name?  There's a different guy.
  You passed away in the last decade.
  Solomon Burke.
  I was combining Solomon Burke with George.
  Who is no one and nothing.
  And then she starts Googling.
  I'm like, come on, who is it?  What is it?  Who is he?  I said, yeah, who is he?  And then she's like, there's no such person as this.
  Anyway, that's the song.
  That's the song.
 Sea Cruise.
  But today we're talking about star cruises because you've been paying attention  to theme park Twitter.
  You have probably noticed that suddenly we're kind of off theme parks at the moment.
  And everyone is talking about immersive star cruise experiences.
  And I think we know why.
  It's because of what's happening this week.
  And that is, of course, Star Trek, the cruise.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
  One of the big pop culture properties is out taking the immersing people  in one of their favorite worlds and going on some incredible adventures.
  And we're finally going to talk about it.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we've been getting tweets about it.
  People are texting me.
 I'm a little confused.
  Sometimes they seem to have like the property wrong.
  They're saying maybe they're wrong.
  They don't say Star Trek.
  They say a different thing.
  But they are asking me what I think about it.
  And I'm like, man, everybody's talking about the Star Trek cruise  that is just coming into port now as we do this episode.
  You know, yeah, that's I mean, we and you know, I don't I don't want to be like,  just go over basics and things that people know.
  But obviously, Star Trek, the cruise is a themed cruise experience  that is out right now.
  It's actually going to arrive, I believe, tomorrow.
  Tomorrow, I got back into it comes back into port.
  It left last Saturday, February 26th,  returns probably tomorrow.
  You're hearing this, I think, on March 5th.
  And that's when it returns to Port Canaveral, left out of the not far from the Orlando area.
  So, again, you know, people have probably been seeing social media about it.
  But this for sure is the big star cruise experience in the Orlando, Florida area.
  And we've been wanting to cover it for a while.
  And this seemed like the week to do it when Star Trek, the cruise five is out.
  Yeah.
 And you know, this time next year,  it's got its inaugural voyage from Los Angeles.
  They're switching coasts.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it's really exciting.
  I know people have also been asking, like, when is the star cruise experience  going to make it over to the West Coast?  And the answer is, well, refreshingly soon.
  It's next year.
 It will be making it to L.
A.
  The website is out already.
  They've announced some of the stuff for twenty twenty three.
  We're trying to determine, you know, what's what's in store for twenty  twenty three for Star Trek, the cruise six.
  And by the way, if you want to follow along with any of this  and just, you know, see some of the visuals that we're talking about,  please, of course, go to Star Trek, the cruise dot com.
  And that might kind of help you, you know, because visually,  that's so much of what you want to out of that.
  Like, you know, you can hear about it in ours as an audio medium.
  But I think just going to the website tells you so much.
  So where you see all the revelry and the partying and and and Klingons  hanging out with Ferengi on the deck.
  And you just feel that fan enthusiasm, you know?  Yeah.
 And JT Waters, the cruise director, leading, you know,  all of the various events that are going on.
  It seems like JT is doing a great job.
  JT Waters is the star of this show, as far as I'm concerned.
  If you look at the Star Trek Cruise website, JT is everywhere.
  He seems like a great guy.
  He seems like you're like ambassador for fun, I would say.
  What JT Waters has done in terms of revolution revolutionizing  the star cruise experience, moving it forward, taking this this genre  that is growing into new directions.
  You got it.
 You got to really credit JT.
  We like to highlight individual kind of kind of pioneers,  be it a Tony Baxter or a JT Waters.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So so, yeah, people are probably now full disclosure, like we actually have not  like a lot of things on the show.
  We have not gone on this cruise,  but we've done a lot of looking into YouTube videos,  looking at Star Trek Cruises past,  looking at the different things they've done over the years  and seeing where they're headed in the future.
 So yeah.
  Yeah, absolutely.
 Well, and we were good.
  We would have done 2021.
  That was going to be the year.
  But of course, you know, all the stuff happened and we didn't get to do it.
  You know, there was there were a lot of virtual experiences,  you know, God bless them.
  Yeah, I tried and they they made it feel like Star Trek, the cruise on land.
  But there's only so much you can do.
 Yeah.
  And I think is like, you know, there's a lot of like media  gets invited to Star Trek, the cruise, but we were we weren't  led into that exclusive club.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yet.
 I mean, maybe next year.
  Yeah, no, I'm saying I would love to do it maybe next year.
  I'm just saying.
 So like that's why if you're wondering, like,  oh, you're mad that these guys don't like didn't get to go.
  It was because we weren't invited.
  We didn't get a free trip to the Star Trek cruise  because we would have loved to go and sampled all this stuff.
  Yeah, of course.
  And, you know, and, you know, we'll see if that impacts our review,  if we can be objective and kind of judge it on its own merits.
  Or did like, I don't know.
  I mean, I almost feel like if we got if we'd been invited to it  and gotten to do it all for free, these things that should cost thousands of dollars,  we might be more apt to just praise it completely.
  But you might get like a more even handed review of the star cruise  from us because because we weren't invited.
  So, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
  So so, yeah, we're giving you the sort of the outsider's perspective right now.
  Yeah.
 But I think, you know, you know, us, we've covered things  that we weren't even alive when they were open.
  And that's true.
 Yeah.
  So I think we, you know, we've done our research, we've done our homework.
  I think we can delve into this thing.
  So we've got a lot to get through in terms of Star Trek, the cruise.
  It's an interesting time, I feel like, for Star Trek, the cruise,  because there are other, as I said, I think this genre is getting more popular  and there is this other star cruise that's based on a property  that I know a little bit about a little bit of time to touch on it.
  And we'll try to get to it if we can.
  OK.
 But you guys, I mean, you guys came across that.
  I is this the what is it?  It's the thing that it's the thing that Disney bought.
  And sometimes they treat it like it's a burden that they have these six old movies.
  Star Wars, Star Wars.
 Right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's the other I always get them mixed up there.
  But yeah, the other star thing and which is OK.
  So just to keep it straight,  CBS Consumer Products is responsible for Star Trek, the cruise.
  But the Walt Disney Company is responsible for the Star Wars.
  Star Wars Galactic Star Cruiser.
 Is that right?  I'm looking that.
 Yeah, I know you're right.
  That's the name of the thing.
  But the the I guess we should say the the cruise itself is  is a simulation of many things.
  It's not just a simulation of like the the world of those movies.
  It's simulates not actual crews.
  Yeah, that's an interesting thing about it.
  And again, so, you know, as we said, like the crazy time for Star Trek, the cruise,  you've got you've got challengers coming in.
  It's like this Star Wars thing is like the mad TV to the SNL.
  Like the established star crews that's out there.
  And I think it is an odd choice to not.
  It's almost like mad TV wasn't live and you're missing that component.
  That's exciting about SNL.
  And similarly, it's not a crew.
 You don't go anywhere.
  So that's a as opposed to Star Trek, the cruise,  which goes different places every year.
  But this this year starts in Port Canaveral.
  You go to Nassau, you go to St.
 Thomas, you go to St.
  Martin, so you're covering the whole Caribbean Sea.
  And now where do you go in the Star Trek?  You see, here's the thing.
 You don't really go.
  Well, you go.
 Hmm.
 How to say this.
  So it's it's sort of backstage at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
  Like you got like you you were you were in a hotel.
  It's kind of a whole like the theater of the mind.
  Yeah, it's it's that that immersive theater, immersive theater.
  Right.
 And so like you do get an excursion day.
  Hmm.
 Do you think there was a chance in like you might  you might know more about this?  Yeah.
 When Scott Trowbridge, I mean, I'm not saying Scott Trowbridge  stole the idea of the whole house.
  That's what Mike certainly is.
  I hope it's from the Star Trek cruise.
  But maybe he certainly was influenced.
  Well, I got to who's scheduled first.
  You know, who who picked this March?  You picked February in March.
  Yeah, we picked that first.
  I mean, that's the yeah.
  Look, that's our trip.
  The cruise has been seemingly it's been I guess.
  I don't know when they left in 2017, but for the last few years  and next year, that's their territories.
  Late February, early March.
  So like how does all of a sudden this Star Wars cruise thing?  Yeah.
 Happened exactly like to steal the thunder.
  It's some weird kind of wag the dogs that like, what if we create a distraction  over here and try to get people to not talk about the others?  But it's not working.
  We're talking about right.
  Star Trek, the cruise.
 Yeah, no, it's it's look, you know, sometimes,  you know, we love Disney sometimes, and sometimes we think Disney's up to no good.
  And I'll be honest, I'll say it.
  I think that Disney was just trying to steal the thunder of the Star Trek  cruise, the annual Star Trek cruise.
  They saw the opportunity here to usurp the whole stat of the whole big  anybody who's a fan of fiction in the stars.
  They're now going to be looking over at Disney,  and they're not going to be looking at JT, right?  That's a guy's name.
 JT Waters.
 JT Waters.
  Thank you.
 Waters.
  They're not going to be looking at any waters because the thing doesn't go.
  That's I think is something that's weird to me and Jason again,  you seem to know more about it.
  It's so it's like it's a simulation of space, but it's obviously that it doesn't  go to space because nothing goes to space yet unless you're close.
  Well, you know, when is William Shatner? Right.
  There you go.
 From Star Trek.
 That's right.
  So that franchise represented in actual space.
  Blue Origin goes to space.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  So but so it's a so this is a cruise that is meant to evoke the stars and a cruise,  but it doesn't go to sea or space.
  No, it it goes like a quarter mile to the back entrance,  special back entrance of Disney's Hollywood Studios into the.
  So like it connects to the thing that's already that's been there for a while.
  Yeah, but there's like  missions you get  I know they gave everyone iPhones when they checked in.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 And cables and chargers.
  OK, to do that data pad that's built into the Disney Play app.
  Apparently, the Disney Play also works, but I think they were trying to get.
  OK, let me ask you this.
 Yeah.
  How fast when you're in the Star Wars Hotel,  how fast can you get a martini in your hand?  Well, it there there's a bar.
  Right.
 So I've seen some pictures of that.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 But you've got like a martini as you're entering.
  No, right.
 I don't know.
  I think there's little things you have to do when you enter.
  I think there's a muster.
  What? Like what is a muster?  Well, that's when like the whole gang has to like the captain has to address every.
  OK, how do you know that?  Free, you know, you know, at least a thousand more words than I do.
  I mean, too, I that was that was in some of the limited media.
  Well, there's a muster, too.
  I saw the muster of the Star Trek cruise this year was George Takei  greeting everybody sort of in the circle, like main part of the ship.
  And he was wanted to make sure everybody had a great cruise.
  This is well, we talked about Grandpa Muster for a while, a couple of weeks ago.
  Is that what you do with this?  That's not.
 Oh, that was not silly.
  It's not be silly.
  Oh, that being said, you could see a scenario where  Al Lewis was using the name Grandpa Muster to get around copyright issues  with Universal.
  It's me, Grandpa Muster.
  Grandpa Muster.
  You got to add a little more.
 Sorry.
  All right.
 Grandpa Mustard.
  Hey, did everyone see the video that's been going around  that people have sent to us where Grandpa Muster and who was it?  The other poor not.
 Yeah.
  Al O'Grover, I believe from like Screw magazine.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Al Goldstein.
  I believe that's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Grandpa Munster is yelling at us to not put them on pedestals.
  I know I always put the creator of Screw magazine on pedestal for one thing.
  Well, yeah, him we have.
  But we literally did put Al Lewis on that.
  Now, if I'd known we were going against his wishes,  maybe we wouldn't have done a whole episode about him and his restaurant.
  But I feel like that was guaranteed to happen  because we cover what is big and relevant and people are talking about.
  And that's grandpa and that's Star Trek, the cruise.
 Exactly.
  So you were saying, all right, so there's a muster.
  I saw a video that you do get handed some like grapefruit colored drink,  but I bet not alcoholic.
  I bet.
 Yeah.
 I don't think they're just passing out.
  It's it's more.
 Yeah.
 I mean, look, this is also the thing.
  Like the Star Wars stuff is a little more all ages  as far as the Star Trek.
  So so I understand there's there's limitations to that,  because Star Trek is a little more of a party, a little more of a.
  It's really a party.
  And I got to say, one of my main takeaways from the Star Trek cruise,  not just compared to this Star Wars on land cruise experience,  Star Trek crew seems much hornier,  much more than a lot of entertainment.
  I think you are 100 percent correct.
  If you see just any YouTube video of a bunch of group of people  or a group of people on, you know, in one of the parties or on the decks,  everyone, there's an energy to the videos.
  Oh, that's all I'll say.
 I'll keep it clean.
  There's an energy that is definitely lacking from the Star Wars Hotel.
  It's kind of a like a maybe a divorcee energy,  maybe a swinger energy.
  Could be that both of those energies are swingers and big time nerds,  which folks, I was a big time nerd growing up.
  When you give them an opportunity to cut loose.
 Yeah.
  I mean, yeah, batten down the hatches and band, band kid, theater kid energy.
  Dangerous, dangerous, which yeah, is power is city is almost worse than like  football player corny energy in a way because it's like 10 times worse.
  So pent up.
 It's released less often.
  It's pent up and it's overthought.
  So imagine this combination.
  So imagine that energy.
  It hasn't been it hasn't been expressed anywhere in 40 years.
  And a person boards the Star Trek cruise and they see fucking Will Wheaton  in his street clothes and they go absolutely nuts.
  That's the that's the energy you're getting when you watch these videos.
  Or the other thing, the sense that I got about the Star Wars thing  is that it's pretty rigid and there's a ton to do.
  Right.
 You barely have a minute to breathe like you get on this trajectory.
  So I mean, it's not lacking in activities.
  There's a lot to do.
  But I'd say it looks like a ton of activities on Star Trek, the cruise.
  Yes.
 And activities that are a little looser in their  in their definition structure.
  Exactly.
 So, you know, like maybe you fit in a little bit of,  you know, let's just say canoodling.
  Let's let's leave the language a little lighter.
  It seems like if you hook up at the Star Wars hotel  that you're going to miss big chunks of narrative.
  It feels like if all of a sudden you like me, if there's singles on the on the  at the hotel or at the Star Trek bar, excuse me, Star Wars bar,  and you go off somewhere, you're going to miss.
  You're not even going to understand what's going on once you come back.
  Yeah.
 I mean, there's not a lot of opportunity for naps, seemingly.
  I did see which is of a concern.
  Well, you know, that's a little joke about me.
  But when you're on vacation, nice nap goes a long way.
  It brings you back to life, you know, and especially on on cruises and stuff  that that sun, that sea air can be a little draining.
  So you might need a nap because that's true.
  You know, the one of the benefits of being on a cruise  while some stuff is scheduled for you, a lot of them have 24 hour room service.
  A lot of places, you know, open 24 hours a day.
 Right.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
 Are you a cruise guy? Can I ask?  Well, you know, I went on one cruise when I was like 12 with my family.
  Big thing that stuck out in my mind is as soon as we boarded the ship,  I noticed my middle school computer teacher and her husband were also on this cruise.
  And we would occasionally run into each other and just go, Hi, how are you?  Hi, how are you? That was very weird.
  I mean, it's already weird enough running into your teacher at the mall,  let alone on a Norwegian cruise line missile.
  Oh, your computer teacher, like typing teacher.
  Like, yeah, sixth grade typing and, you know, here's how to use  the Microsoft Word program.
  Were you was it like she was like acting different?  Was she acting any different or was like, no, she was always pretty reserved.
  And she was she seemed like she was having fun.
  But she wasn't she wasn't cutting loose.
  And again, I was 12 years old.
  So while I was the appropriate age where I was allowed to wander the cruise ship alone,  I think I hit the cutoff.
  I think 12 you're allowed to like there was a little thing on your name tag  or your lanyard or whatever.
  But you had to keep that on.
  There was something, yeah, the kids had to keep on.
  I think the same.
  That's the line with Star Trek.
  The cruise is you got to be 13 at least.
  And 13 to 18 have got to be with adult with a shepherd.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Whereas the Star Wars thing is all ages.
  And seems like maybe like maybe even more geared to kids as we were saying.
  Yeah.
 Do we know on the Star Wars Hotel, can you be like two 12 year olds alone?  I don't think so.
 Right.
  That's a lot.
 Yeah.
  It is.
 You think it is a lot.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 There's a lot of really typical rules.
  They seem to have paired it off as like probably two adults in a room  or three adults in one child, which is an odd or three children.
  Three and what scenario are there?  I guess maybe if you're going with like a grandparent or an uncle or aunt  or a stepparent is going with the biological parents.
  But that seems like a strange and wants to sleep out on the fold out bench.
  You got a but that's making that choice is to well, you can't look.
  If it's a divorced couple, they're not they're not going to be in the bed together.
  Or at least maybe, I don't know, that's a role playing scenario, I guess,  within the Galactic Star Cruiser.
  You get say, Scott, you and your wife and your child and Jason goes.
  Obviously, we're going to stay in the same room.
  He's going to be on an ice saw in Star Wars.
  So it's just like a there's a piece of the wall that just pulls out  like some sort of a prison cot.
  Yeah, Jason, you'll be sleeping in on that.
  And that's next to the is, quote unquote, escape pod.
  I saw the emergency exit.
  Yes, I apparently is so that if you call nine one one,  they have a way to go to you.
  This is real.
  Yeah, that I saw a video that explained it.
  You watch the thing before the story starts where.
  All right.
 If if that explains if something scary is happening  and all the lights are red, that is a dramatic story point.
  But if all the lights are on, if it's just like end of concert lighting,  then you know there's been an actual emergency and you need to listen.
  Stop.
 Don't start yelling about, hey, first order.
  We'll get you.
  No, no, no.
 Those are the real paramedics.
  Someone is having a cardiac event.
  This is not a Kylo Ren situation.
  So every joking was real.
  There wasn't a slightly out of the room.
  Kylo, the paramedics do not want to take the thematic simulator.
  That is a practical elevator.
  They want to use a back door and come directly to the room.
  Pin and these weird long gloves.
  OK, now you may enter now your character's name.
  It choose a path.
  So so and there's also the thing in rooms are just like  panic rooms, essentially.
  There's kind of a yeah kind of a panic room.
  I I people were once again bringing up my mention of people making love.
  Oh, in the emergency.
  But I said rendezvous in the panic room because it doesn't seem like it would fit to.
  What media did you say this?  What is Twitter? OK.
  What tagged me and a guy Selgo post where he he, you know,  congratulated all the initial cruisers breaking in the mattresses.
  Oh, that their ship is called the Halcyon.
  The Star Trek cruise is called the Navigator of the Sea.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Can we talk about the emergency rules on the Star Trek cruise,  which I believe is just type basic Titanic rules.
  Get to the lifeboat.
 Get to lifeboat first.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I used to know someone.
  I used to work with someone who had worked in entertainment on a cruise ship.
  They were right out of college.
  And they told me they had been trained to captain the lifeboats.
  They trained all the entertainment people because entertainment people  have experienced talking to crowds and being, you know, charismatic.
  They also told me that one of the other entertainment people on that lifeboat  was trained how to use the handgun that's on every lifeboat.
 Right.
  Because maritime law being what it is,  you have to obey the orders of the crew of a vessel,  even if it's a cruise ship lifeboat.
  I think this is a fact you've said to me once a year.
  This is something that you have said.
 There's a gun on each lifeboat.
  I don't know if it's still the case, but it was in the early to mid 2000s.
  Well, is it international?  Are they technically international waters?  It would be an international water scenario.
  I mean, depending how close you are to the coast,  it might fall to local jurisdiction if you're like right off the coast.
  OK, so let's say if we're comparing Star Trek crews to Star Wars crews,  there are actual guns on the Star Trek crews.
  There is a chance there are actual handguns in the lifeboats.
  Probably flare guns that flare guns, right?  Flare guns.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  And maybe possibly slightly less regulated if you were to bring as a guest,  if you were to bring an actual firearm on, probably they're they're checking  But like, you know, like Disney is going to button down on that more than.
  Yeah, you would think.
  But like once in a while, stuff sneaks by in Florida.
  Oh, yeah, they don't really check baggage going into hotels.
  You know, they don't really get scanned and stuff.
  You might end up with some some real, huh?  I mean, so that kind of that ups the excitement.
  It makes it that's a more real world.
  Like this little story that you go on in Star Wars is interesting.
  But the fact that you that the ship could crash,  technically, in Star Trek, the cruise.
  Yeah, there's a more of a risk factor.
  That's I guess that's why it's adults, because, you know, it's a little bit more.
  Not that it's any more at risk of crashing than any cruise, but just, you know,  but more than Galactic Star Cruiser, which is stationary.
  Right.
 I would say, I mean, it would be fun if they had like phasers  aboard the Star Trek cruise, because that's sort of the weapon.
  Like they have, you know, lightsabers on the on the Star Wars hotel.
  Well, I saw some video and now I'm sorry, I can't remember which one it was,  but I saw a video where like one of the character,  it was a female character from one of the star movies, and they hold up  a very realistic looking right.
  And now it's not coming to me if it's a phaser or a light saber, lightsaber.
  You remember, like it's because it looks very realistic,  but just for a second and then they put it down, put it down and then pick up.
  And then they really pick up the other.
 Yeah.
  That's I think that's a lightsaber.
  I think that was the Star Wars.
 Not OK.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  That's not a phaser.
 I get them mixed up.
  So I wasn't sure.
 That's OK.
  You're not a big fan of either the properties.
  So I really am, which again, sort of frees me up, I think,  to judge it just on the merits of the sure the stuff that that happens,  which I mean, on that level, like, do we want to bring up some specific  oh, yeah, like amenities stuff about and now we're still learning about crew  because there's been sort of an embargo.
  And but, you know, a lot has come out recently about the other  about the Star Wars when Star Trek, the cruise, you're sort of going off of like,  well, if people even had the time to post YouTube videos,  they're trying to relax and enjoy the we'll probably get a glut  of Star Trek, the cruise, five content post Saturday.
  So it puts us in a tough position to to do the episode.
  But we wanted it to be current and relevant.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Because people are going to be mad if we don't address Star Trek,  the cruise, five.
 Yeah.
 That's the big deal.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But we're we're doing what we can.
  And, you know, so and we're going off of like, again, we haven't we haven't done  it yet.
 Oh, wait.
  I mean, I know we all haven't done Star Trek.
  You guys haven't done the Star Wars one, right? No, no.
  And yeah, we we were not invited to media stuff for that either.
  And no, which is that's fine.
  Yeah.
 Your pill to swallow.
  And I have to say, you know, if we want to discuss  pros and cons, the Star Trek cruise has any, you know, a number of different levels  of room prices and a lot more.
  A lot of variety.
 Absolutely.
  A lot of variety.
  If you want a suite, if you want an ocean view or an interior view,  the Star Wars, I would describe as prohibitively expensive.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that seems correct.
  I mean, I think the other one, the Star Trek one could be when you're like  you're seeing, you know, the high end of it, maybe you're getting into into five  figures, but these are everything's in the thousands range.
  Keep in mind that Star Trek is eight days, seven nights, as opposed to  I couldn't believe when I saw it, it's only two days and two nights.
  So you got to accept you got to do that math and figure out like how  if you're going to be spending thousands of dollars, what are you getting more  vacation out of? I it's great because like that Star Trek cruise is just one day  more than that Harrison Ford and Haysh movie.
  Six days, seven nights, which is just like you're getting an extra day there.
  If you were kind of imagining that's your normal long vacation.
  Yeah, that's how I I measure all my vacations by the Harrison Ford and Haysh  movie.
 Six days, seven nights.
  Yeah.
 And good vacation.
  The actual runtime of that movie closer to Star Wars Galactic Star Cruiser.
  Right.
 Because just because it's yeah, it's closer.
  It doesn't go over.
  Yeah, it makes sense, too, because Harrison Ford's in Star Trek.
  You're you've got it wrong.
  Yeah, he's in hottest the second time.
  He's in Star Wars, but his character is only kind of passingly involved in this.
  Yeah, kind of a big character, kind of a beloved character.
  But he's one of the big oh, I'm sorry.
  Oh, Han Solo is Han Solo.
  Yeah, Han Solo and Princess Leia in story on this Star Wars hotel  stayed on this.
 Oh, I heard about this.
  So OK, so Han and Leia.
  Fornicated at the hotel seems like there were hunting, hunting,  honeymooning on the cruise after the Battle of Endor.
  Does it say in that do we know because is it in a piece of literature?  Is it like because they do a lot of these books?  Whenever what's happened with the Star Wars stuff now is that whenever they  do a new land or something or with a new location, they have a book or a comic  that like fleshes out sort of the backstory.
  You know, it's come out that Han and Leia honeymooned on this  pleasure cruise, essentially.
  They didn't go to like a like a place.
  They didn't go to like a like I feel like I was just saying, you know,  where the Italy, the fake Italy in Attack of the Clones can't bite.
  Yeah.
 Can't bite is where you want to.
  That's like a pretty they just they were on a cruise.
  Well, there's ports of call and what do we know?  Does it say that you don't want a vacation in Batu?  Yeah, but that's right.
  Do they all does this only go to Batu?  How long has it been going and have they changed places?  Because there's definitely like Cloud City is lovely.
  I would say Canto Bight.
 Lovely.
  There's a multiple like even just Cori.
  I mean, Coruscant, I guess they've been there more.
  But there's got to be Naboo.
  There Naboo has beautiful sites.
 You go underwater.
  I'm sure there's like a luxury resort underwater with the Gungans.
  Oh, that'd be really cool.
  Living a little pod down there.
 Yeah.
  So they made it.
 So so Han and Leia, I mean, Han,  can you imagine him rolling his eyes when they got to Batu?  Like, oh, it looks like a slightly better tattooing.
  Thank good, good choice, Leia, darling.
  The missus wants to go on a cruise.
  I mean, they had to go back to work like the Empire was falling apart.
  They probably were like, well, let's do a long weekend thing.
  We'll do something longer in a couple of years.
  And I guess I'll just do a mini moon then.
  Yes, probably like that.
  Yeah.
 Got to go to the Ogas Cantina with that loud ass music.
  Oh, it's fucking droid.
  DJ won't shut the hell up.
  Oh, you 40 minutes.
  I love I love seeing Han and Leia's viral Halloween costumes.
  It is fun.
 And they always bring a couple of nice bottles of wine.
  They bring the party with them.
  He's holding to deal.
  He's definitely got some joints on him.
  Do you like my costume?  Doc on our.
  I'm Fred Flintstone this year.
  They still have Flintstones Halloween costumes.
  And right.
 I'm Fred.
  We went a little crazy last year.
  She was a president from Air Force One and I was Ali McBeal.
  David Blaine is with them one year.
  He's the dancing baby.
  David Blaine is the dancing baby.
  I mean, wardrobe costumes are a big part of both of these.
  That's something that Star Wars kind of.
  Yeah, well, kind of borrow.
  It'll be nice and say borrowed from Star Trek.
  Here's what I just think I'd hate to go real quick.
  Go back to this.
 So so they've added some backstory to to Star Wars.
  And that's good.
 Yes.
 We like those characters.
  This is where Kylo Ren was conceit.
  Well, you can be in a room and you can book that room and accident  and like not know it and like, oh, this is I'm in the room.
  This is where Kylo.
  Yeah, there's a blaster shots on the wall where Han shot his gun accidentally.
  Woohoo.
 Yeah.
  Daddy's making a baby tonight.
  Here we go.
 I knew that one was good one.
  I knew that one got through.
  I'm pretty positive about it.
  I shot first.
  My one is I want to say.
  I want to say Kevin Smith's made that joke somewhere before,  but I don't know that to be.
  I know not to be a fact.
  Did he say that is that he pretty probably didn't get to that.
  He yelled out McClunky.
  McClunky.
  But I'll say this, you know, that sometimes sometimes having that much  backstory is a little rigid as far as your imagination, you know, because like  if we just know all those are the characters, now we sort of we are limited  in what we're imagining actually happened.
  So like the Star Trek crews, like, you know, this is a place where  Walter Koenig made love in one of the bathrooms.
  We don't know.
  You're not going character, you're going to him.
  I'm just saying we don't know.
  We can let our imaginations run wild.
  Yeah, that is true.
  Yes.
 Robert Duncan McNeil from Voyager.
  Who knows what he was up to in one of these cabinets and our imagination.
  Well, you could say he's Tom Paris, his character, Tom Paris,  or the man himself, we don't know.
  And you can just play, have fun.
  Yeah, some of them.
  That's a big thing about the Star Trek crews.
  They the performers are there.
  They're there with you, you know.
  Yes, exactly.
 The actors are there.
  Yeah, that's something we have.
  We haven't talked that up.
  And now this is no it's not a convention.
  In fact, they make a point famously in their catchphrase saying  it's an unconventional cruise.
  It was kind of a way to shake up the Star Trek convention that was  that was becoming a bit conventional.
  But it's it still does that have that element where every year  there is a big lineup of different Star Trek actors.
  Yeah, it does not seem like Star Wars.
  The crews can boast that.
  No, it doesn't seem like that at all.
  And I don't think there's any plans at the moment because like.
  Well, there there was a one minute video.
  Oscar Isaac took a tour, took a tour.
  They got the message loud and clear.
  Maybe somebody from Star Wars, not some guy from the Goldbergs.
  That that is right.
  Maybe it'd be better to have not somebody  or other remotely associated with the franchise.
  But hear me out.
  And I know I don't want to be negative, but these are just these are ideas.
  And this, you know, the Star Wars hotel can change.
  So just like what if like the guy who played quark on Deep Space Nine  Arm and Shimmerman is just wandering around the hotel for the weekends.
  And while you're doing it like or, you know, like,  like a guy like that for Star Wars.
  So so who would you want?  What actor would you want to have wandering around in the Halcyon?  Who's what's the what's J.
J.
's bud?  Greg Greg.
  Yeah, he plays he plays Snap Wexley, I believe, Scott.
  Oh, yeah.
 Greg Grumburg.
  Oh, even I knew that one.
  You knew Snap Wexley.
 Yeah.
  So Greg Grumburg, is that his last name?  Am I saying it right?  He's Grumburg.
  He's just wandering around.
  You can meet you can hang with him  while the narrative is going on.
  Yeah.
 And it seems like the people who've committed to doing this,  they're either going to be good sports about it or they're setting up their  cruising with the the cruise director, whoever runs the events of like,  hey, I'm not super, you know, I'd like a private thing.
  You know, I'll do one or two things, but I don't want to do everything.
  You know.
 Yeah.
  So so I just think I understand they're trying to go for realism  and immersion with the Star Wars.
  But as a kid, I always liked going to see  when I would be at a convention, you would see and you probably have seen this  before, the Men Behind the Masks tour.
  Now, a lot of those guys were Star Wars actors and a lot of them  have passed away at this point.
  It would be Peter Mayhew.
  It would be Kenny Baker, who played R2D2, Peter Mayhew played Chewbacca.
  It would be I'm trying to think David Prowse,  who was in the Darth Vader costume, and Jeremy Bullock, who played Boba Fett.
  I think all four of these men have passed away.
  Sadly, Jeremy Bullock, I did meet at one of the early Star Wars  weekends and got a signed headshot.
  If you know, if you if you both let me, I will be able to say,  I think all the names I've ever known in my head at this moment.
  I mean, right now, right now, I'll keep I'll keep rattling through the cast  of Voyager cast, Steve Space.
  I love that.
  Me go because I was never great with names, but the last couple of years  have made me very bad with names, not just actors names, like people  I know and realize names.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  But I will not forget David Prowse.
  That is not a name I will forget.
  One of those names you just mentioned, he wasn't available, I don't think, in 2022.
  But 2023, Star Trek, the cruise.
  Look who's showing up.
  It's Armand Shimmerman.
  He's got a beer.
  Not to mention you.
  If I just give you the initials of the other, it's a frangy, right?  Max G.
  Oh, he played a nag, right?  What's the full name, though?  Oh, shoot.
 Yes, I do.
  Oh, I'm so sorry.
  Oh, no.
  Sorry.
 I mean, I'm going to put you on the spot.
  You can make it up.
  If you know the other there's another here's somebody named  it's it's like a name you'd call a grandma.
  And then it's and then V is the initial Nana visitor.
  Yeah, there you go.
  She was on Deep Space Nine.
  She's there too.
 Next year.
  That's great.
 She's great.
  I will say this, Scott, to bring back something you really like  when I talk about in the show, I watched the Wallachian play  sitting in a row in front of Armand Shimmerman.
  That's he was part of that.
  He was part of that.
  We're back there because yes, fabled night.
  Andre Gregory, of course, from My Dinner with Andre directed a play.
  Wallachian wrote and we saw it.
  And Armand played a Ferengi on Deep Space Nine.
  Wallachian was a guest star as a Ferengi and Deep Space Nine.
  So two Ferengi's he was there were supporting each other.
  It was lovely.
  And I was like, oh, my God, Andre Gregory's right behind me.
  And Armand Shimmerman is right behind me.
  Was it was a little bit exciting there to Brent Spiner was not there.
  But I thank you for bringing Brent Spiner up, because if you ever wanted  to see Brent Spiner, croon a Star Trek cruise is the place to do it.
  Well, next year, they admit that was a big announcement.
  We're covering all the big announcements for next year's on the cruise.
  This year, they said he's not here this year.
  But 2023, Brent Spiner is going to be there.
  Do you think he's crooning?  Well, I have I saw a highlight reel of 2019 screws and he was crooning.
  Wow.
 Brent Spiner was crooning.
  I'm a huge Brent Spiner fan.
  Brent Spiner and this is the thing I've been wanting to bring up  on this podcast for months now.
  Brent Spiner has an old standards album that he made 25 years ago  called Old Yellow Eyes is Back, which is a joke about data.
  I think you send me the cover to Old Yellow Eyes is Back once a year.
  That is incorrect.
  It feels familiar.
  It does, because I sent it to you guys once.
  This has only happened once at least.
  But yes, there's a cover of, I guess, like some of the same songs  like Seth MacFarlane is sung on.
  Only so many of these there was like I'm we all know there were only 24 songs  written before 1949.
  There's only so many that everybody has to work from.
  If you're into this music, yeah.
  And you want to sing, you sing the same 40, 20 to 40 songs.
  Now, Jason knows at least half of these.
  I feel like you eventually will come out with a crooning album.
  I mean, you have to see, you know, you're going to sing the old ones.
  Yeah, you know that Sheridan will sing the old ones.
  But but Brent Spiner seems to be crooning on this cruise.
  And we've talked a lot about my different favorite Brent Spiner things,  including his character in Out to Sea, the Walter Neth.
  I think so.
 You've on this show talked about Brent Spiner's character  in Out to Sea.
 I think I have.
  I guess I was out to see you when you were saying it.
  I mean, what's funny about when you got upset about the Wallace Shaw  anecdote is that there's some things that I think I've repeated before  that you haven't reacted angrily to.
  And then there was that anecdote, which I go, Oh, did I say that a lot?  So now I never know.
  I think I just relistened to the episode like several days prior.
  So I was like, we're back in this.
  We're telling the Ryan Perez, telling a story of a two nice men saying,  Oh, nice, good, nice, fringy and nice.
  So I assume I brought up Brent Spiner's character  on Out to Sea because he plays a snooty cruise director.
  And I brought him up when I watch Master of Disguise  because he's the bad guy in that.
  Exactly.
 He's a bad guy in both of those movies.
  And he gets the goof around with Walter Mather  and Jack Lemmon in one of their last bad movies.
  But it's enjoyable.
  I don't I don't mean to even put it down that much, but, you know,  it's not maybe as good as the odd couple.
  Well, I think this as opposed to other stories where I have  reacted to their repetition, I think you could keep mentioning  Brent Spiner on out to sea as much as you want, because I think  I'll probably forget about this one immediately.
  Or you'll go.
 What else about him?  What else? What is he doing out to sea?  He's like he's kind of doing like an English accent.
  He's like, he doesn't like these older men and their antics on the cruise.
  Like that's the whole vibe.
  And he croons in that movie as well.
 He sings as well.
  But it is a funny scene.
  He's like being he's he's being funny on purpose.
  But he does get to sing in that movie, too.
  So I always I do legitimately like it when an actor is like becomes famous.
  And then they go, oh, now is the now's my chance.
  And you would like to imagine that maybe they read a script and go,  we'd like you to do the script.
  And they go, can I sing? Am I allowed to sing?  And I don't know that that's what happened.
  But but out to sea, he just gives a very like  old school, like cartoonish snooty guy performance.
  Like an old movie, like somebody react into the Marx brothers or something.
  Exactly.
 And, you know, it's especially when especially when I was a kid.
  And because like I as a kid was data my favorite character.
  Yes, for sure.
  So I mean, I like the X-Men, too.
  But like I was fascinated with data.
  I love data.
 I don't know exactly why.
  America loved data.
 I'm not special, but because he was.
  He was like the fish out of water.
  The fish out of water.
 He's funny.
  But also he like cool.
  He could get like he could like take a beating.
  You could take it.
 You could shoot him and it wouldn't matter.
  He's like Superman.
  Like any head his head could like half of it could come off.
  And he was like a cyborg underneath.
  And like I was obsessed with that.
  Did he teach you how to date?  Remember when he gets a girlfriend briefly?  Well, he has he has sex with Denise Crosby in the second season.
  Also a guest on next year's Star Trek.
  She's on a lot.
 I think she's there this year.
  She's always.
 Yeah, she's great.
  There's a video on the main Star Trek cruise  website where she is talking about how great the cruise is.
  And she's in like an empty dining cabin.
  She's got a giant martini.
  And it's just like this looks like the best vibe.
  The vibes are very good.
  They're very good.
 Very good on this.
  And I may have turned around my opinion on cruises  because I was like, oh, cruises are a little much.
  Oh, gross.
 If whoever is running this cruise, if they catch wind of this,  we want to go.
 Well, we want to go.
  It is, of course, the people running it.
  Entertainment cruise productions, of course.
  Yeah.
 As opposed to the other one, which is the was kind of put together  by the Walt Disney Imagineering is the name of that company.
  So two titans in the industry.
 Right.
 Right.
  And just trying to do the best they can.
  But I think we, you know, we know who's winning, but they've been at it for longer.
  They've been doing it since 2017.
  The Star Trek Hotel, again, room to grow.
  OK, so like they'll they'll maybe get there in three or four or five years.
  Yeah.
 As far as like getting exactly what we want.
  If we're if we're being we're not being negative, we're just saying.
  Yeah, because I saw like like, you know, touring plans covers like everything.
  And so they were there.
  You know, they were there the first day, you know, paying guests were there.
  And one of the things they said, it's like, all right,  you're starting to get a little tired doing all this stuff.
  Also notice that are there are some, you know, obviously some Star Wars super fans here.
  And then there are the, you know, people with the Star Wars super fans.
  They've kind of banded together.
  Like they're they're not as as into this.
  So it might not be as rewarding for them.
  Compare that to the Star Trek crews.
  You're on the Royal Caribbean navigator to the sea.
  Of course, any number of  vacation options, you know, right.
  Restaurants, bars, there's a splash pad and pool, of course.
  Do you think we could get to a land test ahead of touring plans  to send one of us on the ship to like count the amount of people  that come out of a like, I don't know, James Doohan's son  photo op or something?  Well, they've got to have a dedicated Star Trek, the cruise guy already.
  Right.
 I mean, you would not be happy to take it.
  But well, we're going to be fight me for it if you want.
  If you want to be the official touring plan, Star Trek, the cruise guy,  because that's a sought after job.
  I guess we are off.
  Well, let's all just let's all go there and let's see who gets to that  on cruise gun first.
  Can run the fast.
  At the on cruise Ben and Jerry's additional payments may apply.
  I mean, there are there.
  The nice thing about the Star Trek screws is you can kind of customize  like you like all cruises, breakfast, lunch and dinner in a dining room,  you know, and then there's different snack bars and stuff.
  The main dining room.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's kind of that's the situation I'd say with.
  Yeah, let's let's talk about food as an area.
  That's a big area in a cruise.
  You want that that all to be good in in in the Star Wars cruise.
  There's also like a main dining room called Crown of Cordelia.
  And then there's a there's a bar called the Sublight Lounge.
  So you get like fun space cocktails there.
  That's so that's cool.
  Now you go to the other side of things.
  You go to Star Trek, the cruise, you got your main dining room, of course.
  So they're matched there.
  But then it keeps going and going because they've got the wind  jammer marketplace and your options there are unlimited.
  They're running the gamut from crispy buttermilk fried chicken  to Vietnamese braised pork.
  And the other one, the sense that I got from Star Wars is that they made up the food.
  It's all this yippie kind of stuff.
  Yeah, this is like I know what fried chicken is.
  I know what Vietnamese braised pork is like.
  And it seems like that doesn't even cover two percent of it.
  Yeah, there's a lot of effort on the Star Wars one to be like,  this is some strange food.
  But it's like really when you're tired at the end of a day,  don't you just want something, you know, don't you want something you're familiar with?  Yeah, or if you're fresh on the boat, excited for a cruise,  don't you want something, you know, at any hour of the day?  I think this I think this with this lineup of classics  from all around the world, you can't miss.
  Well, yeah, maybe you just want to go to the Johnny Rockets Express,  which is in between Chop's Grill and a splash pad.
  You know, sometimes you just want something reliable.
  Wait, right next to the splash pad.
  What's a splash pad?  It's like a water play area for children.
  Oh, wow.
 That's fun.
  I mean, 12, 12 and up for this cruise for this cruise, I guess.
  Yeah.
 But would it be open for the adults?  Well, in this case, it's the getting sloshed pad.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you can feel like you could feel like a kid.
  On a cruise ship or you can feel like adult and you can go to the Casino Royale.
  And, you know, that was that at my attention because the Star Wars.
  Classy phrase.
  I yeah.
 I mean, point against the Star Wars Hotel.
  There is no casino gambling.
  And like, look, say what you will.
  I I could make the argument maybe that casino gambling more ethical  than the stock market and cryptocurrency combined.
  So there's nothing more honest than lady luck.
  Even if the house always wins.
  Amen.
 And you know, and it gives you an opportunity to maybe come out ahead.
  Maybe you leave the cruise with money in your pocket, as opposed to the Star  Wars thing, which people seem to be not happy with the cost on.
  If they gave you that that chance, they do seem to have some games and stuff.
  But you're not there's no money.
  It's maybe a credit or something.
  So that's a decent, decent idea for a plus up.
  If there was a way to win your money back on the Star Wars Hotel experience.
  If like, yes, if maybe you yeah, let's see.
  Because there's like the lightsaber training I've seen and like there's  a control room, it's like maybe if you do something, you can win your six grand back.
  Like you can double or nothing it, I guess.
  That would be good.
 Yeah.
  I mean, if you had that opportunity, let's even take it out of the cruise.
  And if the Millennium Falcon, if you could make money this,  I've complained about like not what is up with the  you know, the coaxium just make if you just tell me it's dollars.
  Now we're in.
 We're going after a big crate of dollars.
  You get to keep it if you do a good job.
  Suddenly, I'm way more motivated to do well.
  Oh, wow.
 Flying that day.
  I'm going to be the best engineer you ever seen.
  If you do well and you got six thousand dollars from the Millennium Falcon ride.
  I think that's I don't even need another level.
  Can you imagine how much more fun it would be?  I mean, it'd be more stressful, I guess.
  But it would be you would be really yelling it like a grandma  who didn't know how to fly.
  Oh, you got a group of five and then there's one person and you're nice at first.
  Like, oh, you should we should let you do the jump to light speed  because you never OK.
 Have fun.
  Come on, grandma.
 Hit it.
 Hit it.
  Punch it.
  This is my last I used all my last money on this vacation.
  I need it back.
  You don't have to worry about that.
  If you're just chilling at the lime and coconut on the now, which one's that?  Huh? That's the navigator in the sea.
  Oh, that's the stuff that's like an island theme bar.
  Oh, that sounds really nice.
 Yeah.
  Well, and you got Jamie's Italian from Jamie Oliver.
  And wait, Jamie Oliver has a place on the.
  Yeah, there's a celebrity restaurant like the, you know, restaurant.
  Oh, and it's full like a full it's got everything.
  Or is it just is it a specific type of food?  It's Italian.
 OK.
  Yeah, Jamie's Italian.
  Jamie Oliver brings his unique flavor sensibility to the seas.
  I thought it was maybe Italian ice, but I think I just have my gambus.
  Oh, you got a booze on the mind.
  Yeah, that's what I was confused about.
  For some reason, when I hear Italian, I don't think Italian food,  which is the most common way to refer to a bunch of food.
  I thought Italian ice.
  That's what the Italians now they make food now, too.
  I thought I just knew them for their ice.
  Somebody's like, oh, what do you do?  You want to get Italian?  And I go, Italian ice for dinner?  What? It doesn't make any sense.
  Hey, and Jason, this is this vessel makes history  because they have the first ever food truck at sea for gourmet hot dogs.
  That's the dog gourmet hot dogs.
 I  take my between two and five thousand dollars  depending on the size of the stateroom now.
  And those rooms, by the way, my sense is that you have a choice  of that, you know, you got to pay more on a ship.
  Most often you're not really getting a window if you're if you're going  a little cheaper, but you pay a little more.
  Maybe you go in with some people and maybe are getting a window.
  It is positive or even like even a deck if you really spring for it.
  Is there such an option on Star Wars, Galactic Star Cruiser?  You know, I don't know, because there are different sized rooms.
  The majority of the rooms appear to be the one with just the bed  with the two bunk beds and then with the prison cot that folds out.
  Yeah.
 But I think there is a bigger room, but I haven't seen a video.
  There are bigger rooms.
 I haven't seen.
  Yeah, I haven't seen any.
 But I don't think it's much, much better.
  I don't think it's much bigger.
  It seems like a miss on their part that they're like, this is a galactic  cruise, the luxury cruise ship.
  Yeah, a lot of it seems very utilitarian, like replicating places  that George Lucas and production designers were like.
  It's unfortunate that these characters have to live and work in these spaces  during a time of galactic strife.
  But like but like the luxury, the luxury suite should be like  Padme's room in the prequels or something like this big expansive room,  the one where Anakin jumps out.
  I think it's on Coruscant where they're like a little spy drone  and Anakin jumps out the window at it and they're flying through the streets.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Well, I guess it wouldn't fit with the story because you're like in theory.
  You poke outside.
 Yeah.
  You're just right in space.
 You're in the suction.
  Well, right.
 Yeah, I guess.
  Yeah, you wouldn't see the sights and sounds of Coruscant, but it might be  the it might be the size and it might be the like window size, you know.
  I mean, yeah.
  When you when you free yourself of all this and when you're on a cruise  where the story is, you're on a cruise.
 Yeah.
  And you get to just breathe in the sea air.
  Here's a missed opportunity, I feel.
  And this is this is as serious as I can be.
  There should be a piece of cruise entertainment that is similar  to the piece of like whatever you would call it entertainment that that  Sidious and Anakin are watching when he gives him the Darth Plagueis speech.
  The opera kind of thing.
 Yeah, the opera thing.
  When he tells him about his master who who taught him  basically everything he knew and then he killed him.
  There's no blobs.
 There's no blob fun.
  There's no blob entertainment on the Halcyon.
  Yeah, I mean, there's an original character.
  There's like a DJ kind of character and it seems like a very elaborate suit  where the like the mouth and the ear kind of things wiggle.
  Yeah.
 But there should be like 20 of those like there.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There's like five characters, five kind of alien characters.
 Right.
  Whereas the amount of aliens present on Star Trek, the cruise is dependent  on the guests and how elaborate do you want your costumes to be?  So it's really up to you.
  You get out of it what you put into it.
  And with that crew, I think you're getting tons of creatures.
  I think you're looking out at a party that's like nothing  but rubber masks and weird, multiple eyes and scales.
  It is hard to tell.
  And I mean this in the best way.
  It is hard to tell who is paid to be in an outfit and who is not on the Star Trek  cruise there.
 If you look at all the videos, you so many times.
  So there's a fairly famous character, the Gorn, for instance,  that was in the original Star Trek, which is a big green, dumb looking  rubber outfit, some character Kirk fights.
  It was like a lizard.
  One of the few Star Trek toys I had as a child.
  Really? An unposable PVC.
  Oh, the Gorn.
 The reinstalled Gorn, probably from King's Dominion.
  OK, cool.
  That's the one that they have that really dopey slow rock fight, right?  Yes, exactly.
 Askez rocks.
  Yes, it's really funny.
  It's really I mean that in the best way.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So the Gorn.
  Now, the Gorn, you look at all the videos.
  I swear the Gorn is in every other shot.
  And I don't know if it's a person dressed up as the Gorn  or some official Star Trek cruise person wearing an official Gorn outfit.
  It doesn't matter to me.
  I love the idea that the costumes are on equal footing from the  official cruise maker to just some guy who has it like founded at a costume shop.
  There is so much Gorn representation.
  You think he was the assistant cruise director,  and he seems like he's having a ball.
  Gorn.
 Every shot.
  Yeah, he's working the camera.
  In a Hawaiian shirt sometimes.
  He wears different outfits.
  There's Gorn in a toga.
  There's Gorn in a Hawaiian shirt.
  It may be the same Gorn.
 It may be different.
  I do not know, but I love it that you can be completely  confused as to who actually works for the cruise and who doesn't.
  Gorn's toga party is like one of the big thematic event.
  Like that is one of the big.
  I think a Z one, right?  There's a whole section on the website of theme nights,  and you got to think they're saving the best for less because the visual  and we'll post this, but the visual of Gorn's toga party  where he is in Rome, he's in a toga and he's got a big barrel of beer.
  Most bubbly beer, most like Simpson's cartoon beer.
  And he is having a blast.
  The the the literature, the copy on this, it's well, you know,  the Gorn is a staple of Star Trek, the cruise.
  Yeah, exactly what you're saying.
  And we pretty much let him do whatever he wants, as long as none of us  want to recreate the infamous arena battle.
  He hosts parties, formal nights, DJ sets.
  And this time this is for twenty twenty two.
  He's taking us to a Pollux four style world for Gorn's toga party.
  All species are invited from Vulcan Zeus to Andorian Aphrodite  or even Ferengi Apollo sporting a lat sporting a Latinam Laurel crown.
  This whether you want to make a custom  Federation style toga and science officer blue or simply turn your sheets into  chic, this party will please gods and mortals alike.
  So I mean, one sounds great.
  And this is we've talked about this before, you know, in Disney bought Star Wars.
  You know, it was the end of something that at least Jason and I really like.
  The hyperspace hoopla.
  Yes.
 Where you would get like Darth Maul twerking.
  Now, Darth Maul is not going to twerk on the Halcyon.
  But I'll tell you this, the Gorn will twerk.
  Twenty four fucking seven.
  That is that it doesn't matter.
  No one's going to come around and say, you know what?  In the Star Trek guidebook, Gorn does not twerk.
  This is off story.
 Yeah, no, no, no.
  You can get Gorn will do whatever you want.
  Whatever you want.
  Just don't talk to him before he's had a coffee and a mimosa  and the dog and something to wake you up.
  Whoever's in the Gorn suit does not break character for those five days.
  I think you are Gorn for five.
  Incredible amount of immersion in these actors.
  You have to really give them credit because the Gorn is committed  to being the Gorn for eight days.
  And that's a long time.
  So my salute to the perhaps multiple actors playing the Gorn.
  And I like that they encourage you to just take your own bedsheets  and just then that's your costume for this thing.
  They don't.
 It's not all about who spent the most money  to look the best in this thing.
  Yeah, because it's my Jason.
  You were sending us some stuff that implies that if you want to really  toe the party line and like go the get Disney's full idea  of what a costume would be, you're spending even more.
  You're spending hundreds more dollars as opposed to just like  we gave you a costume.
 It's in your room.
  It's called the sheets.
  I yeah, that's a big jump from like, OK, go to shop, Disney.
  And you can you so you can buy exclusive apparel.
  Now you have to show you have a room reservation for this event before  you can buy.
 You book.
 Yes, that's right.
  The privilege with 30 minutes within.
  And it goes all the way down to like, I believe I sent short gloves  and long gloves.
  There's a few dollar fluctuation there, but I'm like, you can buy gloves  with a tiny little ship logo on them.
  And then I found a cosplay website where 250 bucks.
  First off, everything was on sale on the Star Wars page of the cosplay website.
  So I have to think they were like, I'm like, the thing's open.
  You for 250 bucks, you could have a full po dameron or a full  Cassian on door get up like jacket shirt, pants, belt, shoes,  like stirrups, like the whole kit and caboodle stirrups.
  You say stirrups.
  Yeah, I I that that would be my recommendation is make your own  or support your local cosplay company because they're they're probably  giving you a better deal and using better materials  and put in love in those costumes, you know? Yeah, yeah.
  There are a lot of yes, Star Trek Twitter people I see who just have  I think what look to be homemade Star Trek costumes already.
  They were in their day to day life.
  So whoever they're to work, they might wear it to work.
  I think I was just talking about, you know, like the start,  like you see video of like the Star Trek dentist who made his whole  like office look like the bridge of one of the ships.
  And he's wearing that outfit to work.
  I mean, he has multiple outfits.
  He has the dress uniform.
  He has the sort of relaxed sort of captain's outfit.
  You know, there's many different outfits that the captains wear.
  Yeah, he's got to have a few.
  We might get gum blood on his inside.
  What gum?  Yeah, you know, blood from the gums spurts out of a gun.
  Which I'm trying to know.
  Hold on.
 Let's think real quick.
  What outfit is the best?  Which captain's outfit is the best for blood so it doesn't show up?  I guess maybe like the first contact Star Trek, the next generation outfits,  which are sort of darker with a gray at the top.
  Or do you just want red so blends in?  Or do you want to maybe?  Yeah, the classic uniforms or or the first  the next generation outfits like with because the captain is wears red  on next generation kind of a maroon.
  But then also, you know, yeah.
  But also, of course, there's a joke of the red shirts.
  Yes.
 And the original Star Trek's got to know if you're familiar with this.
  This is basically like if you're watching an old Star Trek,  there would be like, you know, Kirk Spock and McCoy are going down on the ship  and they're joined by two guys you've never seen before wearing red shirts.
  They always die.
  They're they're always going to get killed.
  So probably don't want to wear those shirts on the cruise.
  You might bring the vibes down.
  Or they're the craziest ones on the cruise.
  Because, oh, they don't have they have nothing to lose.
  Yeah, I might not come back on shore from Mazatlan.
  That joke, Jason, if you if you got like a red shirt  and like it was like battle damage or something, you would be the hit of the party  because people would be like, this joke is fucking funny.
  Well, he might win Q's costume party, one of the other events.
  And this is not like I take it that it seems like it's not Daisy Ridley  and Adam Driver doing the show every day on Electric Star Cruiser.
  I think it's other actors.
  But in this case, it's John Delancey, who I assume is the real Q.
  Yes, that not real and on Q.
  No, not Q and on Q.
  Oh, maybe that'd be a great way to discuss you'd never expect that.
  There's no way he'd be both Q's.
  You would be very surprised, I think, to learn that.
  It's John Delancey.
  But Q, as you can tell me what Q is, obviously.
  But this says he's appeared to us as everything from a Franciscan monk,  an interstellar judge, a 16th century sea captain and an Aldebaran serpent.
  So he's the only choice to host this costume party.
  He's a shapeshifter.
  He basically he's like,  I'm trying to think of a good parallel character  where you can do almost anything, really.
  He's a he's a troublemaker.
  He's almost like a Loki type, I would say.
  Yeah.
 If you've ever seen, he shows up  a couple of times, maybe only like once a season on Next Generation.
  But yeah, he's he's he's, you know, he's got a twinkle in his eye  and he's always up to antics.
  So then, yeah, you get to in one of the videos, John Delancey,  who plays Q is talk, he's a lot.
  He's you watch the same video.
  He's in the like promo video a lot.
  He's a very like kind of gregarious person in real life, it feels like.
  So he's talking about how the party has grown over the years.
  So now he's now because he's done this a couple of years.
  And now he says it's like full.
  It used to not be full.
  But apparently the Star Trek cruise only grows in popularity every year.
  So he's now saying he's basically standing there as a king,  a king among among regular people at this Q costume party.
  So, you know, I assume that you're seeing truly the  widest range of costumes possible, probably in Star Trek inspired.
  But maybe even not maybe just like the scarecrow from The Wizard of Oz.
  No, that would be fun.
  Although it wouldn't be out of the question that there would be a Star  Trek Next Generation episode where they all dress as the Wizard of Oz characters.
  That's the type of fun you have on Star Trek.
  Yeah, because there's like holodeck night.
  There's mirror universe.
  There is all sorts of nights.
  There's the roaring holodeck night.
  The roaring.
 So it was in pinstripe suits like gangsters and flappers.
  Get your Tommy guns oiled.
  Yeah, there are pictures.
  Says that on the website.
  There's the pictures.
  And I'm man, everyone's going to be mad at me.
  I'm blanking on the name of the episode.
  It's a very famous episode of the original Star Trek, where they're  they go back in time to gangster times and Kirk and Spock are in pinstripes.
  And like mirror or shattered something there.
  I'll look it up.
  I should just edit this out to make myself sound smarter.
  But they're using that photo.
  First of all, by the way, is this cruise licensed officially?  Do we know?  Well, it seems like it is.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think so.
 So but I don't think they're exactly running it through the filter.
  That's really my they aren't like sending this to the Roddenberry family,  you know, as opposed to like the, you know, the Lucasfilm.
  Yeah.
 Story people.
  Yes, I think that's absolutely right, because there's there are gatekeepers  with any of these IP things.
  And recently, in the last couple of years, there was all the talk of, you know,  Quentin Tarantino is doing Star Trek or what he's he's got an idea for Star Trek.
  And the guy who wrote The Revenant was going to write or script or maybe did already.
  But then that's not happening.
  And I was looking at some quotes and it's like Rod Roddenberry  was like, you know, I'm I think I'm a traditionalist when it comes to Star Trek.
  So I don't know if that really would have worked or not.
  And you're like, oh, shut up.
  Like, why can't we get a fun? Yeah.
  I was I didn't mind hearing that because of if like if Tarantino  is only doing a few more movies that kind of don't well one of them to be a star.
  I hear I agree with that.
  But I'm just saying like, have some fun.
  Like, come on.
 Yeah, it's better for them than it is for.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  A little bit of Tarantino flavor.
  I mean, Tarantino has directed TV.
  He's directing some justified episodes coming so he can work within.
  You know, he can cheat the tenor or whatever a little bit like, well, this is IP or whatever.
  But my point is, I do think there's still like even like we know Star  Star Wars is very, very careful about everything.
  Star Trek two has like people that are like worried.
  Sure.
 That something's going to fall off.
  But that is not Rod is asleep when it comes to the programming on the Star Trek.
  He's not looking at this art with the with the Spock in with a Tommy gun and then like two  great Gatsby babes colored blue and green.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Not approving this.
  This looks cheap and fake in the best way.
  Yes.
 Well, like they put up a sign that I guess it's the casino royale,  but they put up a sign that quarks casino like was hand scrawled and stuff.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Handwritten done with love.
  And that's what we like about this experience.
  And you got to imagine that's also the case for Rice's Festival of the Moon Party.
  Yes.
 Did I say the name right?  I believe so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, it's you know, it's the tribute to the twin sun pleasure planet.
  And it's it's a party with cool rhythms and good vibes and casual dress.
  And they're all swingers parties.
  Every single one of these is a swingers party.
  It's also involves it seems to involve a lot of Marty, Marty, Rob beads.
  And then like I've I actually went down a rabbit hole during deep quarantine of  like that theme cruises were trying to stay afloat  with YouTube channels and virtual events.
  So I was going through a bunch of like, you know, what is the what is this?  You know, this music cruise or what?  They all do 70s night no matter what, with the broadest, just like  big Afro wig and John Travolta suit.
  Like everybody, if you're going on a cruise of any kind, even if it even if it's  Star Trek, even if it was like a sea pack at sea,  it was like some scary conservative white nationalist thing.
  It would still be like, and it's 70s night.
  Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
  Only the most obvious songs from the 70s will play all six and then repeat them.
  And and it's so popular every time.
  And people are so happy.
  It's the great they're all so much happier at it than I am complaining about it.
  Yes, that is it.
  Look, it just works.
 Some things work.
  Yeah.
 And that works every time.
  But I like combining.
  I like that it's roaring 20s via Star Trek.
  I like that it's 70s boogie oogie via Star Trek.
  This is great.
  We got as many premises as possible as opposed to Galactic Star Cruiser,  which only stays with the one stays with the one.
  And they have the song themselves, you know?  Yeah.
 I mean, it's just yeah, it should be it should be different themes every night.
  That's what I think.
 And obviously, it's only a short stay.
  So two different themes.
  Yeah, it's a short stay.
  I mean, the the the cast members seemed like the cast members in the act.
  Everyone seems to be getting like high marks for what they're doing.
  Everybody seems great.
  They hired really great actors in Orlando.
  Yeah.
 But like if you if you  sit at the captain's table at the Star Trek cruise,  you're sitting at the table with a captain of a giant cruise ship.
  JT.
 Huh?  No, he's the cruise director.
  Don't be ridiculous.
  Sorry, sorry.
 Yeah, but I mean,  there is a captain's table add on for the Star Wars Galactic Star Cruiser.
  And, you know, it's well, you're sitting at the table with an improv actor  in grease paint, you know, kind of different.
  This is a seafaring.
 Right.
  You're saying you're saying, honestly,  you'd rather sit and learn from a real cruise captain.
  I I've already had enough meals with improv actors  and still agree to pay them on them.
  Yeah.
 Or I've been the improv actor in grease.
  But you know, you want to learn from like an ex-Navy man, finally,  because you get to break out your sailor suit.
  I well, yeah.
  And I think you could do I'm sure you could wear a sailor suit  to any one of these theme nights.
  And it would be, you know, on.
  I'm surprised you weren't more of a Star Trek little boy.
  You know, I just I caught it.
  You know, I watched the original series in syndication a lot.
  And then I would catch Next Generation every now and then.
  I had a couple of toys.
  But yeah, no, I was only at a passing interest in Star Trek.
  But there's like so much like dumb old timey stuff on there.
  I know.
 Like in Star Trek, shocking Star Trek nine.
  They like break data out of like a evil spell he's under  by singing some Gilbert and Sullivan song.
  Oh, well, you know, it's a major motion picture in the year,  like 2000 or 99 or something like you say, well, then it is typical.
  Well, I've been ready for a knockdown blow.
  Like this is the first 10 minutes of like a major movie.
  Major release in the late 90s.
  Yeah.
 And I'm watching this going, this is awesome.
  Hey, don't forget about that one where Wharf joins the Dorsey Brothers.
  He's a boogie woogie bugle boy from company B.
  They do that in Star Trek Generations.
  They are they're a wharf gets a promotion essentially.
  Well learned.
  So how they do it is they go on the holodeck and they all put on like  Horatio Hornblower outfits and they're on the like a real old time ship.
  Wow.
 And they do the ceremony like they're all like an old olden days.
  Basically, we're all like, you know,  olden days, basically.
  It's some of the funniest, greatest, lamest stuff.
  And I mean, that in the best way.
  No wonder that they actual seafaring has always been a part of Star Trek.
  And so no wonder they kept it right.
  Alive with this with, you know, and with great destinations.
  That's the other thing.
 Look, you go to Batuu.
  We know Batuu.
 We've been to Batuu.
  You go you get on this boat, you go to St.
 Thomas.
  You go to Blackbeard's Castle.
  You go snorkeling.
  Blackbeard's Castle.
  Yeah.
 Imagine what treasures await in Blackbeard's Castle.
  There's certain stops where you can go zip lining.
  I mean, these these just aren't, you know, you go to you get off at Batuu  and you get a meal voucher and you go get in line at Docking Bay 7.
  Go get some yip yip and then a back in the boat that doesn't go anywhere.
  Now, that's a fun thing I discovered.
  So because there's always a buffet breakfast and lunch on the boat.
  You do get a meal voucher that can be used at Docking Bay 7  or any quick service location at Tizzy's Hollywood Studios.
  So you can you can jump ship.
  You can go off planet, go to Pizzeria, go to Woody's lunch box.
  Is that confirmed? They'll let you out.
  That is confirmed.
  That is confirmed that it works at any quick service.
  You can go to Fairfax Ferry, get a big greasy hot dog.
  That feels like it breaks the reality.
  It does.
 But what are they going to do?  Put a collar on you.
  And if you go outside of the confines, they shock you.
  Then you're like a you're like a shopping cart.
  They shut you down if you try to go out of the lot.
  I think, yeah, they should.
  They should have something where they shut your phone down or  like the shoes they gave you don't work.
  They give you all special shoes when you get onto the hotel floor.
  Like Viper, they like they make your feet go numb so you can't walk anymore.
  That's a possibility.
  Maybe they release a fluid, a numbing agent.
  That could be I would just think like spikes in the shoe  that shoot into the ground and like that, like you get stuck there.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And they well, you know, Michael Jackson did the smooth criminal illusion  be via little pegs in the floor.
  All right.
 Right.
 Would detect.
  So maybe if they've they could have thought of this, an outfitted  Galaxy's Edge with spikes and rods everywhere  they can suddenly spring up to stop anybody who's  trying to go to Woody's Munchbox or whatever.
  Woody's Munchbox.
  Yeah, I did.
 What's it called?  Woody's Lunchbox.
 Like it's like an actual lunchbox.
  I see.
 Oh, it is a big lunchbox.
  So the other my big question, which I did finally get answered.
  Where can you smoke a cigarette?  And the answer is you have to take the elevator back on in the Star Wars.
  So you go back to Earth.
  You have to go back to Earth.
  You take a theme thematic elevator to go blast a vape plume.
  You have to go.
 You have to go all the way back there.
  There's not just a smoking area.
  So there's a climate simulator that simulates the climate of Batu, right?  Which is, hang on, which is a room that is outside, a little patio outside,  a little terrace outside.
  It's a little mini.
 It looks like a little garden.
  Yeah, that's a good way to put it.
  It looks like where my dog pees at LAX.
  Yeah, that's a good way to put it.
  So you can't smoke in there.
  It's too close to any of the entrances and stuff.
  So you have to go back to the port coche to, you know, hit your mango  mango faith.
  But also, like, it's like, well, nicotine addiction doesn't really work that.
  Like, you can't just put it on hold for two days.
  Does the like narrative siren go off if you try to vape in one of the rooms?  That's a good question.
 Yeah.
  You probably could get away with a little bit.
  I'm not saying because a lot of hotels have changed.
  There are no smoking little placards to no smoking, no vaping.
 Right.
  No marijuana.
 Like some of the Vegas hotels of all three.
  Can you vape in the little panic room?  Ah, hotbox, the panic room might be healthy.
  But the the Earth's fire department will come  and you will get charged for it.
  It's a division of the rebellion called the Reedy Creek Hook and Ladder.
  For lower level crises, they do make the fire department stay in character.
  It's a major thing.
 Yeah, they're the fire department.
  But they will stay in character for like a low for a trashcan fire,  for trashcan fire.
  They all have characters.
  Oh, Kylo Ren said this.
  Curse that first order.
 Oh, yeah.
  He said it with his mind.
  Hey, that's the bed where his parents made him.
  Do you think he got a weird force sensation when he came back on the Halcyon?  It's like I've been here before in a way.
  I've been here before.
  I can sense it.
  Where my spark of life first sparked.
  Spark of life first happened here.
  I was I was here once, but just a spooge.
  Dialogue that was cut from the end of the finale.
  Here's a compare contrast area that I would like to hit,  and that is the range of musical entertainment on board.
  Yes, both vessels,  because this is something we got a preview of very early on in the video  with the Goldberg's guy.
  We got to meet Gaia in one of the strangest scenes ever filmed,  where a woman is like, and you're going to meet this singer.
  And then she walks away and trails off and she gets quieter and quieter  as she's explaining the thing that's behind the door that she's walking away from.
  And then the guy, the actor just walks in.
  There's a specific detail like and suddenly a singer appears out of nowhere.
  And that's something I'm curious about.
  If that's an important aspect of it, do they actually?  Does Gaia appear out of nowhere?  Or does that mean that a spotlight turns on?  No.
 OK, so in storyline, I believe Gaia missed the boat  and they have to go pick her up.
  And then but I don't think it's like a rise out of the floor.
  I think they walk through the crowd.
 OK.
  So she still by appears out of nowhere.
  It's like if the performer comes from the audience instead of the  it's like if Rodney Dangerfield shakes hands from the back.
  They may first appear out of nowhere, like when they're like in the atrium,  the main area or something.
  All right.
 Well, if Gaia appears out of nowhere, then that sounds cool.
  And then the initial video was accurate.
  But the point is, there's this yeah, there's the singer Gaia  with a DJ.
  The DJ's name is Oyo, Oyo, Owani, Owani.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Who is a a lizard of some kind  who speaks Huttese.
  And now this this seems fun from quick videos I've seen.
  I don't really know the ins and outs of the show,  but, you know, seems like some fun dinner entertainment, whatever.
  But does it can can Gaia compare  to the Star Trek, the crew's in-house band,  band 47.
  Forty seven is a big that's a big thing in Star Trek.
  Like that that numbers in Star Trek a lot.
  Does that sound familiar?  Honestly, that's search.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Remember that a department or something on the show?  There's multiple references to it.
  It seems to be some sort of Easter egg thing that 47 in there a lot.
  Anyway, band 47's masterful mix of rock pop, R&B, funk and Klingon opera.
  OK, not really.
  Keeps everyone on the dance floor spinning like positive ions  in a dilithium powered intermixed chamber.
  So band 47 is bringing the heat every night.
  And I've heard a little bit of the Gaia music and it seems all right.
  But I don't know if it compares to  band 47's original song, which seems to be called Star Trek Cruise.
  Little princess.
  Yeah, great.
  Yeah, great.
  And then it's and this is over footage of the most revelry.
  And then again, you know, in disco wigs and everything.
  It's a heck of a song.
  I love it.
  There's a part in the video, one of the video you can see on the website  where John Delancey is talking about his favorite things also on the ship.
  And he said his favorite things are seeing Star Trek actors get to do other stuff.
  And they flash to like I don't think they flash to Brent Spiner singing,  but they flash to the guy who played to Valk on Star Trek Voyager  with his own band, Tim Russ.
  So he gets the play.
  So like the music like there's such a wide variety of music.
  You have that band and then you have maybe like whoever's musical on Star Trek.
  They show up and do songs, too, because I even saw Ethan Phillips  and some of the other act.
  Ethan Phillips was a neelix on Voyager.
  They're like doing like a four man a cappella group.
  And Dapper Dan.
 Exactly.
  So like the range, the variety is is there.
  You get to whatever your flavor is.
  Well, and look, I hope you didn't get your fill of crooning  from Star Trek cast members before, because I found out something now.
  Regrettably, I don't know if this is ever going to happen again.
  This was a thing from the first voyage from the 2017 cruise.
  But there was a very special performance from somebody who  only made one appearance, but made their mark and is still a part of the Star Trek family.
  They were on a season two episode of Star Trek, The Next Generation,  playing a character called the comic.
  Do you know who I'm talking about? Mike, you're talking about Mr.
  Joe Piscopo.
 Joe Piscopo did a full  I think multiple sets a night with his swinging big band  on the maiden voyage and start on Star Trek.
  The Cruise one.
 Yes.
  With his band, The Pearls.
  It's a it's a hell of a set.
  And the entire thing, I'm making my way.
  I got about halfway through.
  I'm making my way through it.
  The one part that was pulled out specifically, I think, is worth  playing and I think should I say, what's the funny way to reveal this?  I see he's kind of like,  well, first of all, he does like a little bit of like Trump material  that could work for anybody, of course, which is like,  we like Trump here.
  Yeah, I think so.
  You know, they look the guys.
  It's wild having him as president, right?  You know, you got, you know, the guys you see in F-15 with his face  on the side, you know, is dropping bombs.
  You know, they're made out of gold and gold bombs anyway.
  But you got to have it.
  You got to have Trump.
 And it's great.
  And you know what?  My father was a member of the military, actually.
  And oh, great.
  Big applause for that.
  Can I have all the members of the military stand up here?  All right.
 Great.
  So he gets this like military heartstrings pulled  and then he's talking about his love for this country and for America.
  You know, I love America, but that sometimes that that Star  Spangled Banner, you know, that doesn't always have like the kick  that you want to.
  Oh, no.
 Imagine if, uh,  imagine if anyone want to guess where this is going.
  I'm going to guess instead of, oh, say, can you see?  He says, oh, ring a ding ding.
  That's a pretty good guess.
  No, it's just the regular.
  What if the Star Spangled Banner was sung by old blue eyes  by Frank Sinatra?  Oh, say, can you see  dawn's early light?  What so proudly we hail at that?  Hold on, hold on.
  Isn't there probably actual footage of Frank Sinatra singing  the Star Spangled Banner?  I don't wonder.
  I know it's like an event that happened.
  Yeah, you think he could.
  Yeah, I guess that's not the that isn't like some premise of like,  what if Frank Sinatra sang gin and juice?  That's not like it never have happened.
  Like, it's very possible he may have sung the Star Spangled.
  That's not the most outer space premise.
  Anyway, that being said, I love this.
  I love this, obviously.
  And I love every bit of the start start.
  Like the cruise.
  Uh, then he does a big medley of Johnny Cash songs.
  It walked the line, turns into Folsom Prison Blues,  which then at some point turns into Cotton Eye Joe.
  What? I'm not sure.
  This is just his hat.
  He didn't like Taylor made a start.
  There's a little bit of this.
  Well, you know what he does is a lot of play.
  I mean, he he like talks about his experience being on set like,  oh, it's crazy.
 You know, you look over and there's Whoopi  and then you look and there's LeVar and he's wearing the the ting over his eyes.
  And boy, it's always great, though.
  And, you know, next generation, it's tough to replace the original cast.
  You know, that's what I had to do on Saturday Night Live,  because, you know, those people, you know, think about Gilda Radner.
  How well let's hear it for Gilda Radner.
  So he's every five minutes applauded for the military, applauded for Gilda  Radner, applauded for Trump and Hillary.
  Go every what will you applaud for?  Because it won't be this music really quick.
  One more thing.
 And I swear this is the Piscopo part will be over.
  This is part of his medley of  Johnny Cash songs, and he's imagining if what if other  people sing Johnny Cash songs?  Oh, yeah.
  Please guess who if this is loud enough, guess who he is doing  an impression of right now.
  No idea.
  No, nothing.
  No, I don't have anything.
  I I can't even begin to guess.
  That is his impression of Michael Jackson.
  That was the only artist that came into my mind.
  Did it somehow?  The feeling of like, well, if he was on another planet, maybe Michael Jackson.
  But like, Michael Jackson didn't sing like that.
  I he doesn't.
  He basically is doing a gay voice like a outdated stereotype.
  That was what I thought.
  Stereotype.
 That was what I did.
  This test on Aaron.
  And she said out loud, well, it can't be Michael Jackson because it can't.
  But no, but it can.
  But if you it's through Joe Pisco pose like Johnny Walker, red colored memory.
  It probably is coming up as Michael Jackson.
  Like, anyway, I mean, so this is this is great.
  Right.
 You've got.
  Yeah, right.
 Right.
 This is great.
  Yes.
 So good is what it is.
  And it's because you don't know where he's going to go with these impressions.
  And these are things that we know from our world, not outer space things.
  And that's what I think is great about Joe Pisco pose appearance on Star Trek.
  The crew needs to figure out where can we see this Joe Pisco show tonight?  Gosh, I don't know.
  I went to a wedding in Staten Island a few years ago.
  And it was like a hotel complex where there was like a Hampton Inn  next to a Hilton and stuff.
  And after the wedding, we went to the bar at the Hilton  and it was a very, very tiny bar, but it had a very small stage.
  And it said, coming next week, Joe Pisco sold out.
  So Supper Club at a Staten Island Hilton Garden.
  Wow.
 First of all, that's going to be the hottest crowd for Joe Pisco.
  It feels like Pisco should be playing the Tello's over here.
  Yeah, that has to come out, right?  If you think L.
A.
 is not going to be friendly to if you're scared of this  blue state, you're going to find the warmest welcome at the place  where Robert Blake started the process of killing his wife.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Frank Stallone has played the Tello's before a number of times.
  And Frank Frank is down in Mar-a-Lago with Joe, I think all the time.
  I'm looking at I clicked on the events  website or the part of Joe Pisco, Pico dot org.
  And there is the on Saturday, September 11th.
  It just says September 11th.
 Never forget.
  Buy tickets to what?  Is it you doing what jazz music or is it a what am I?  Explain what I'm buying a ticket to, please.
  I there's no comedy.
 There is no impressions.
  There's no crooning.
 It's just him going like, and it's severe in the military.
  Stand up.
 Like it's just that portion of his act stretched to 90 minutes.
  You know, we never would have forgotten 9-11 Chairman of the Board.
  How about a hand for it?  And then he sings Paul McCartney's Freedom as Frank Sinatra  talking about freedom, talking about freedom.
  What if Frank led a prayer for everyone affected by 9-11?  What would that have sounded like?  You know, you know, Frank, you know, Frank and JFK were real tight.
  But did he give some information to certain some people who killed?  You know, you never know.
  Lots of people were talking to each other back then.
  The mafia, the Cubans, everyone was pals in Vegas.
  I got you under my skin.
  And what if Michael Jackson had sung?  Phil Harmon's impression was too mean spirited.
  Old Blue Eyes loved mine.
 The family didn't like it.
  They didn't like it.
  I knew the Irishmen.
  We did used to say he painted houses, but we knew what that meant.
  And what if Frank Sinatra had done a three way with Kylo Ren and  no way with Leia Han?  What would that have been like?  I can't think of a good.
  So, yeah, look, how are you going to top that?  This is the great this is what an event this is here.
  Look, OK, if we haven't sold the Star Trek cruise enough, one of the years,  Gates McFadden, who played Beverly Crusher on the show,  came out to introduce the whole cruise.
  She came up there.
  She had a sling and she said, I broke my arm.
  I fell down five concrete stairs.
  That was the start of the cruise.
  That was the start.
 That was the muster.
  That was the man.
  They fell down the stairs,  Jason McFadden, she said she was feeling better, but she had broken her arm.
  And that's how they started the weekend for the week.
  All right.
 Off we go.
  And then there's I took a screenshot of it because there's  sure she is with I don't know if you can see this.
  Sure, she's with the sling.
  And you can see one dancing shirtless man in the foreground.
  Already shirtless somehow.
  Yeah, the start of the cruise.
  I mean, I think a lot happens at that central pool area.
  Right.
 So, yeah, there's a lot of people show up ready to go.
  People are right.
  And if you can't bring liquor on board, then you got to.
  What are you going to do? But start before.
  I think some cruises you can prepay for alcohol.
  Oh, I see.
 So it's ready.
  Well, I think you just said that you could bring two bottles of  your own wine or champagne, which also notches them above  Star Wars Galactic Star Cruiser, which has lost a lot of points  over the course of this episode.
  Yeah, I think so.
  But, you know, from their lack of your brain, your own wine to their lack of Piscopo,  you know, Hollywood Squares based entertainment either.
  They don't have their own version of Hollywood.
  Star Trek has Star Trek, Star Trek Squares, where they put  cast members in a Hollywood Square game show on stage.
  That is why you say that so defeated.
  No, not defeated.
 I'm trying to contain my glee at it.
  I'm trying to contain how much I want to see that.
  I'm trying to I'm actually imagining what are my nine  most wanted cast members in the squares?  It's a good question.
  Joe Piscopo is center, obviously.
  Joe Piscopo, Wallace Shawn.
  I'm going to give points to the Star Trek crews, too, because  it just happened and it didn't cause  a lot of people to turn into language experts  and discuss the concept of the word worth.
  And what does this term really mean in the way that the Star Wars Hotel  had a real semiotic effect that I did not see coming?  How can you afford it?  Well, can you afford to not have afforded it?  Hoops Among Us has not considered worth and earthly dollars  credits, as it's called in the galaxy far, far away.
  What was worth to the gods in the  Odyssey, what was worth in our great fiction?  It's hard.
 It's hard.
 It's changed over time.
  Meanwhile, the Star Trek cruise reviews like, yeah, I got drunk  and sex with a woman who's just as a betasoid.
  Yeah, you should do it, too.
  Hell, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Look, Cruz critic dot coms are great things.
  They're very complimentary.
  They're a tough audience.
  And look, with twenty twenty three with Star Trek, the cruise six coming up.
  Kate Mulgrew's joining the crew.
  She's going to be there.
 They're going to Cabo San Lucas.
  They're going to Puerto Vallarta.
  You know, who knows what old blue eye impersonators  they might pick up along the way.
  And we know old yellow eyes is going to be there.
  We got tons of crooning.
  We're seeing tropical locales.
  I mean, as opposed to one that's, you know, that doesn't go on the ocean at all.
  Yeah, no, it's true.
  I think as far as right now, I'm not going to put down the Star Wars thing.
  I haven't done it and I haven't done the Star Trek.
  But for my preference, I think right now I'm going to give the edge  the big edge to Star Trek, the cruise.
  That's interesting, huh?  So you would give it to Star Trek, the cruise.
  Well, as I look over kind of my opinions throughout this thing,  I'd have to say, yeah, I think it is Star Trek, the cruise.
  Yeah, I don't.
 Huh.
  I wasn't sure where I was going to land.
 Right.
  I wasn't sure where you were going to land either.
  But I think I, you know, with with my apologies to Star Wars, the cruise,  I think I have to give it to Star Trek, the cruise.
 Jason.
  Yeah, you know, I'd like to see the Star Wars thing myself.
  It's a lot of money to put down for a two day experience.
  And I have other expenses and other travel plan, both show and social plan  coming up.
 So what a what a brag.
  You have things on your calendar.
  I have things on my calendar, you know, so, you know, you got to judge this stuff  if you're an adult.
  So, yeah, I'm curious to see what happens with the Star Trek cruise.
  If they scale back the price point or extend the number of days  as time goes on, because like, oh, you mean beyond the eight?  I agree.
 I would.
 Star Wars, the cruise.
  No, no, no.
 I think you said it right the first time.
  I think they should take it up to like 17 days.
  I am sure that would be great.
  And I'm sure they could get even more activities and theme nights  and cast members in there.
  In terms of the way I like to go on vacation,  I heard the Star Wars thing is good for extroverts who like to play games.
  I would not particularly call myself either of those things.
  So I think the Star Trek cruise is closer to the way that I prefer to vacation.
  The option of doing something like, you know, thematic, something, you know,  and then just taking naps and going to the pool, going to bars, relaxing,  seeing the sights, seeing exotic ports of call.
  You know, I've never been to Mexico or the Bahamas.
  So points, points.
  Star Trek, I have to say, I might have to do Star Trek cruise.
  Might have to do a little research, watch some more of the shows  so I know what I'm getting into.
  You know, make sure you can speak the language and play, you know.
  I know there's ample languages.
  There's no shortage of languages in the Star Trek universes.
  Yes.
 Can you can you say, do you want to swing in Klingon?  That's the that's what you can right now.
  I cannot write out.
  But hopefully by next February, you can.
  You know, this has been fascinating to deep dive into the world  of immersive star experiences.
  And I think we know our preference.
  But hey, it's up to you out there to go on your own star  cruise adventure and see what you think, although I think we're pretty sure  what you're going to think.
  Yeah, we agree.
  But yeah, obviously, like, you know, we have our preference  and you probably will say Star Trek.
  Yes, better.
 But yeah, go do both and enjoy yourself.
  Just to say you did, just to say you covered all your bases  in kind of the way that we said, well, I guess we should name  check the Star Wars thing.
 Yeah.
  Briefly in an episode that's otherwise about the utter dominance of Star Trek,  the cruise, you survived podcast, the ride Star Cruises edition.
  When we and I, you know, we should wrap it up and we probably don't have time  to get into that other star cruise you found, Mike, which is in Branson.
  Well, there was a Branson had a star cruise in 2014.
  Apparently it ended then that beat all of them.
  Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
  And we don't have time to talk about.
  Oh, we can.
 Oh, yeah.
  That Jerry Springer was doing the prices right on it.
  Well, there's more game shows with that don't attach to the person doing them.
  This is incredible.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  There was we can't talk about that.
  We can't talk about country star McGillie  and the fact that he was driving the boat for some reason.
  We can't talk about that.
  Oh, my gosh.
 The captain is like the characters they invented in Star Wars.
  It's so fun.
 But it wasn't it wasn't also the musician.
  Yeah.
 But we know we don't have time to talk about it.
  We don't have time to talk about the down.
  This is also a day cruise, by the way.
  So you just be on there for a couple hours.
  We don't have time to talk about the fact that on one of the days  you could see legends in concert, people doing lookalikes of  of the Blues Brothers.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You can meet them.
  People dressing up fake, fake blues guys.
  We don't have time to talk about the fact that Paul Harris  and the Cleverleys would be doing the Gangnam style in a country music version.
  Wait for it.
  You know where it's coming, Jason.
  I know.
  I don't recognize this yet.
 Here we go.
  Oh, my gosh.
 We don't.
  Oh, we don't have time to hear all the time.
  We don't have time to hear every verse of this country.
  Gangnam style.
 Oh, shoot.
  Did we mess up this whole episode?  We may have screwed this episode up.
  Oh, you know what?  Also, we don't have time to talk about is the the acapella group six  who was on this cruise to in 2014 and they have a video here.
  Oh, an acapella barber and we don't have time.
  Wow.
  Barbara and the official anthem of France and Missouri.
  We can't talk about it.
  We don't have time.
  We really don't have time.
  We don't have time.
  We've got to wind this down.
  Oh, there were probably people in this episode saying  they're going to get which star cruise is the best wrong.
  And we did.
 We really got it wrong.
  It's this Branson 2014 that is no longer.
  It isn't operational and it was only a few hours one summer.
  I'm sorry.
 I it's killing me.
  But we don't have time.
 We really don't have time.
  Are they just reading the ports of call for the Star Trek?  Oh, baby, why don't we go to Kokomo?  Why don't we go? Oh, boy.
  Hey, follow us on the socials.
  Merch available on our public store.
  Three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out podcast thread.
 The second gate.
  It's a really exclusive port of call to Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The ride.
 Oh, boy.
  Good, good.
  Mike, I told you we don't have time.
  We don't have time.
  Forever.
  Oh, this has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
