 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains puffy buildings, safety concerns, lady animals, and  Walt Disney's cartoon double life.
  All that plus we're talking Toontown on today's podcast.
  It's a ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride hosted by three guys who would typically spend any amount of  money at a Disneyland prop auction but might skip out on bidding on a bunch of peed on acorns.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  I am after we introduce our third host going to ask for clarification on what you're talking  about.
  You know what I'm talking, wait a minute.
  You probably know, Mike Carlson, hi.
  Peed on acorns, yes.
  I think I know what you're talking about.
  I'm saying that there will, we're going to today talk about a bunch of stuff that used  to be at Mickey's Toontown.
  Okay.
  Which is closed, has just closed this very week.
  And we're reminiscing about the things that aren't there and haven't been there for a  very long time.
  And among those things, there was a thing called Chip and Dale's Acorn Crawl.
  Oh, right.
  And it was a ball pit where you had a bunch of, you went in a bunch of acorns and presumably,  I don't know what became of the acorns, where they all left this precious Disney memorabilia.
  But you can only imagine that the acorns, a lot of them at some point were peed on.
  Now I was just looking for clarification.
  Context clues kind of led me to that.
  That was probably what you were talking about.
  But I was just making sure that wasn't a famous like, and this is the spot they painted yellow  because it's next to Pluto's dog house or something.
  Oh, was there a pee?  Yeah, maybe there was a pee joke.
  Maybe there like, there's a Laugh-O-Gram Walt's first movie studio.
  Like, like maybe there was a pee Easter egg, like a Laugh-O-Gram logo.
  One of the early shorts was pee crazy and it was just a bunch of barnyard animals all  bobbing up and down with music.
  As they all like sprayed wobbly 20s cartoon lines of urine.
  Yes.
  The innovations from that, he was able to do that horrifying Alice in Wonderland live action,  live action animated series.
  Was it legal in the 20s to animate piss?  Was that, was there a law on the books back then that you could actually show urine?  I don't know.
  I maybe wasn't.
  Is it maybe there?  Well, the rules have to have been different for the animal.
  I think.
  That's true.
  Yeah, fair enough.
  Human urine, probably.
  But even just sitting in the bowl.
  Maybe, maybe that's why.
  Oh man.
  Were all the animals and the cars and the buildings bouncing up and down to distract  all the like stationary piss drawings you're saying?  I am saying that, yeah.
  Well, now we've alienated any new listener.
  It's not usually about cartoons of bowls of piss from the 1920s.
  I'm sorry.
  It's where we got to quickly hear as we talk about this children's play area and land.
  That is, has closed down this very week several days ago, I believe, for a big refurbishment  all in preparation for the new Disneyland ride, Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway.
  That's going to put some new life into Mickey's Toon Town and they're building a whole new  facade for that.
  That's already been under construction, but also in preparation, they're revamp the whole  land and take over some kind of dormant areas and refresh them, make them nicer.
  So we're losing Mickey's Toon Town for about a year or so.
  And today we wanted to talk about what we're losing, what we have just lost this week.
  Has it been a mournful week for all of us?  Oh yeah.
  Although my discovery was that I must have missed the fine print in some of the posts  about the new Toon Town that's coming.
  A lot of it coming back.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  With fresh coats of paints and little.
.
.
  Oh, I think so.
  No, I think it's ultimately pretty minor, I would say.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, well, if you look at the art that exists, the kind of vague art of what is coming,  what they're changing, not a lot is gone entirely.
  And I don't know that they've even clarified every little thing and what the fate of it  is, but most things are staying, I would say.
  Yeah, this feels like one of those where they're going to hype up something as a real fresh  coat of.
.
.
  Not fresh coat of paint, that's actually even minimizing, but they're hyping something up  as a re-imagining of the area.
  And you're like, hey, this is the same place.
  This is just a little bit less decaying.
  It looks a little bit better than it did.
  Yeah, a little more green space and a couple more play areas.
  I think that's come up a few times.
  Like, yeah, little kids love play areas and they keep bulldozing it to build like e-tickets,  but little kids, regardless of technological innovation, still like to climb and run through  things.
  Yes, yeah.
  Which is odd that they're having to make this adjustment now because it feels like Toontown,  as built and opened in 1993, was kind of a kid run around, jump around play area and  sort of a thriving one, I feel, for a little bit.
  But then very quickly, every single landmark in it got lawyered out, right?  And got like legalized out of existence to where it became a progressively less and  less fun land.
  Yes, as you were talking about ball pits, tree house, tree house only for children.
  An adult couldn't fit in that tree house, right?  I think I may have gone up into that tree house.
  As an adult?  I believe so.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, for no reason and with nothing to do because it was a tree house that was supposed  a slide once and that was it and now that hasn't been there in a long time so it's just  a flight of stairs.
  Right, so okay, so you did go, because obviously this is closed for a few years now, this Chip  and Dale, we're talking about the, what is it, Chip and Dale's, what is it called?  Chip and Dale Tree House.
  Thank you, yes.
  So that's been closed for a while, I believe.
  Yes.
  But then what was the slide part of it called?  It was the Chip and Dale Tree slide before it just became generic even though if you  look closely on the sign it's still Chip going down a slide and Dale crawling with some acorns  so they still, they're doing things that you yourself could not do.
  Right, so yeah, that's one of those things where you see an old artifact of Disneyland  that's still kind of standing, that is still standing and then you can't do it, like they  have, they still for many years while we were going had the Skyway station kind of in the  back, you would have to know where it was but it's still kind of like taunting me so  I do feel when I would go to Toontown I go well I can't go in this anymore but it's right  here, this is an experience I didn't get to have.
  Well yeah and the, I mean even, maybe even bigger than the tree house was the Jolly Trolley  which is now just parked and it's like oh it's a mode of transit, it just goes around  the land.
  Yeah, was it the, okay so yeah if you don't know what we're talking about the Jolly Trolley,  is it from Roger Rabbit is the design?  I don't know if it's ever been in anything necessarily but it's Roger Rabbit-esque.
  Yeah right, but it's just basically just a big, it's not, I guess it's a trolley.
  It's a trolley, I think in the early days it would kind of bounce up and down like we're  talking about the old Fleischer cartoons and old Mickey cartoons.
  Yeah it kind of wobbled back and forth so it was not just, it was like the streetcars  on Main Street but more cartoonified with its wobble and it's back and forth, it was  a silly little ride that you would take but then there were two conjoined trolleys and  the second one would sometimes derail or get disconnected from the other so they stopped  doing that so it just became the one but then that was just for anybody driving it, it was  just a constant honk honk, I don't know if it was a cartoon honk to get people out of  the way, more of a auga but it only takes you through places where pedestrians already  are which is a common thing in Disneyland by the way, rides that just go over where  pedestrians, those must all be so frustrating for the, you know Main Street or the trolley  that's now in California Adventure, you got to just, your whole job is just yelling at people  to get out of the way.
 For like 60 years they've just been like okay we're gonna take a horse and  we're gonna walk it through a bunch of people, like we're gonna make this horse walk through  a crowd and they've been doing that every day since the park has been open basically or?  Psychologically I think the Main Street trolley and the California Adventure trolley, the size  is much bigger and certainly when you have one of those massive horses pulling it, people I think  more naturally get out of the way, the Jolly Trolley a little compact to convince people to  move you know? That's interesting, can I ask you as a man who likes a slow mode of transportation,  trolley versus train, is it just that a train takes can go a very far length at far distance?  Oh I think, I think trolley's tend to be more like open air, although I tend to be above ground.
  Isn't it about how they're powered in a way? Yeah the lines above.
 Yes or below potentially.
  Because there are, I think Philadelphia, the the SEPTA transit system has like a subway,  but there are above ground trolley cars that are enclosed.
 The trolley at the Americana? Yes,  yeah that's a trolley.
 Correct, yeah and nothing is pulling it, like it's its own, it's either  getting its power I don't know where it actually is.
 Is it a little, how is the Americana trolley  powered? Small nuclear engine in the base of the car.
 Yeah that could blow any day, you gotta be  careful.
 Yeah so interesting, well I look, we'll do some research into this and we'll come back  to trolley versus train.
 But do you have a, I mean you like, you like trolleys and trains and  twains as in riverboating.
 That's true, I like all of them.
 I think I like trains because like  they're nice, nice and long.
 It's a long, I like to get comfortable.
 I love the train from the  surf, the Pacific surf liner that runs the coast of California.
 Yes.
 Santa Barbara down to San Diego  and many stops in between.
 Terrific.
 Yeah.
 So you, it is really, you're, you really subscribe to the,  it's the journey not the destination sort of philosophy of life.
 Like literally, you more,  you like the journey itself.
 Oh yeah I love a long train trip.
 I love a, I like a long flight if  everything's going well.
 If like you know.
 You like a long flight? That's crazy.
 I like, I like,  I hate to flight shame you here but that's insane.
 If no one is kicking my seat and children aren't  screaming and adults aren't being children.
 Yeah it's, you can just sit and read a book,  you know, you can kind of watch, you can watch movies.
 You aren't really connected unless you  pay for the internet.
 You're not really like.
 Yeah I know what you mean.
 I've gotten like good  little stretches of writing or reading and you know if the alcohol situation isn't crazy expensive  you can like, it can be kind of a good like, all right, you tune everything out and  unplug a little bit.
 Yeah there's been plane rides around, I was like I think I specifically  enjoyed that ride.
 Not often but.
 I'm trying to, I'm struggling.
 Maybe the flight to Japan was,  on Japan Airlines was.
 Not back.
 We know back was not good.
 No we've heard, we've heard from me  before back was not good.
 But still no I am not a big fan of flying.
 You're also a taller man.
  I am yeah.
 So this is a rougher situation for you.
 I just fit in the overhead compartment so it's  kind of a different, if I roll up in them all.
 You've stowed away on planes before.
 I've stowed away.
  Put me in a crate.
 It's a whole con when we took, when we went to Del Close Marathon we  got a big suitcase and we did a whole con.
 Yes well yeah.
 I just rolled you onto the runway and  a guy threw you onto the plane.
 Yeah well because that was a you know a fix because I was on your  shoulders and we were wearing very long trench coat.
 That's true.
 I don't know.
 They found that out.
  It didn't make sense because we were a nine and a half foot tall, 10 and a half foot tall man.
  Yeah.
 It's believable I would think.
 That's usually for two children.
 I don't know why we  tried that.
 That didn't make any sense.
 Yeah.
 You're lucky those basketball players were also on the  plane.
 Yeah.
 It assumed you were on the team.
 We had a big trench coat but then a big basketball  jersey over the trench coat and they went ah basketball player.
 Yeah but we picked the  Clippers were on the team and we had the 76ers jersey on.
 So that gave us away.
 That was a big  mistake too.
 So yeah so there was a Jolly Trolley which is honestly a name I don't even, I'm sure  I've heard it before but then I was looking through this and I was like oh Jolly Trolley  okay.
 I guess that is a good name I think.
 You know it's one of those that looked really good  in the opening promotional footage seeing this trolley wobbling around instead of crazy eyes  and was bright and colorful and then it just sort of slowly stopped.
 That's a weird, it's such a  cursed land in a way.
 Yeah.
 Where I feel lucky because I did get to go in the first year of it  so I did get to see pristine, perfect, out of the box Toontown and then just bit by bit it all kind  of went away.
 It's not without its charms now but it does need this refresh pretty badly I'd say.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 When it first opened I remembered it being featured in like Disney Channel specials  or parades or what have you and it was one of those feelings as a kid like the Indiana Jones  ride where I was like well I'm very jealous because I'll never get to go there.
 Wow.
 You know.
  That was one of those.
 That was with me.
 That was my thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah I said never ever.
 I've said  this many times on this show.
 Yeah Toontown was one where I went oh my goodness this is the coolest  thing.
 I'll never go.
 Why would we ever go to California? Yeah and that was the real Toontown.
  I mean there was Toontown Fair.
 Right in which we talked about.
 Which had a million meets.
  Mickey's birthday land.
 We did that.
 Yeah.
 Before.
 I saw that show.
 I loved that.
 I loved smelling the  burnt cake at the end of the show when the cake got screwed up.
 I mean I didn't like that.
 I didn't  like that there was an error.
 I didn't like there was a problem but I would prefer that it's the  cake got baked.
 I have a question.
 Did we do Mickey's birthday land? Here's okay Scott.
 I also.
 It's  getting real.
 I also had the exact same thought.
 I go wait a minute.
 Wait a minute.
 We did.
 We did  Mini Moo.
 Yes.
 And that's where.
 Oh that's why.
 We broke off just the cow that had a Mickey  Mariah shape on the side.
 We clearly haven't done the land.
 I had the same thought.
 But we broke off the cow so you don't have to  cover the cow for 45 minutes.
 Just to clarify Michael it went Mickey's birthday land became Mickey's star  land.
 Mickey's star land.
 Did we do Mickey's star land? No.
 No.
 We didn't.
 We have so much more of the shit to go.
  And then it briefly became Mickey's toy land and then eventually became.
 Mickey's toilet land?  Toy land.
 Oh I wish it was Mickey's toilet land.
 More pee content.
 And then finally Mickey's Toontown  Fair before you know closed.
 I could see Bob Jay back tomorrow.
 I'm announcing Mickey's toilet land.
  An exciting new endeavor with the American Standard Company of Toilet Makers.
  Would not be out of character for him.
 Okay so we have not done.
 Okay because I had the exact same.
 I  went man we really I thought we did it.
 But okay.
 No we got a lot more Mickey diving to do.
 We quietly just did.
  We hit what 250 episodes or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it's does it feel meaningless with the second  gate and like where do you even.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 I don't know if that counts.
  I'm saying it yes.
 Oh life.
 Everything yeah.
 Somebody tell us if it's 500 and you're sure it's 500.
  We'll try to or tell us when it's 497 and then we'll try to.
 We'll try to do a thing when.
  Acknowledge it.
 Yeah.
 In some way besides that.
 Okay.
 I can't keep track of that.
 I can't keep  track of what we've covered.
 Here's a confusing thing also about birthday land is that it has  come up before because here's what we have done.
 We've done Roger Rabbit.
 We did an episode.
  I know we did it.
 For sure.
 We did an episode a little over a year ago I think about Mickey's  house in Toontown.
 Yes.
 Which also kind of covers.
 Of course.
 There was a Mickey's house in birthday land.
  Now something that has come up many many times and that I make a point of bringing up as much  as possible is a special where they take you around Mickey's birthday land and you see some  of Mickey's house and my favorite quote ever.
 When I have to make a telephone call I use the tan.
  Never get tired of it.
 This weird mundane.
 Weird voice.
 Thing with a weird voice.
  Yes.
 Which right after there's a really aggressive one right after.
 Anybody for a cheese sandwich.
  So here is a thread that nobody has thought about since but I've been meaning to bring up  for a while and I don't think I have right.
 That I discovered.
 It was left as a question when we  covered Mickey's house.
 Who is the fake Mickey voice.
 Oh right right right.
 And I figured out  who is the fake Mickey voice.
 OK.
 And that is a name that has come up before and that name is  Jack Wagner.
 Jack Wagner known as the voice of Disneyland.
 Yeah.
 Who in his regular speaking  voice does a lot of like opening and closing announcements and is well known for Please  Stand Clear of the Doors.
 Bear with me.
 I didn't think that was worth a fort.
 So and he was very  responsible for the Main Street Electrical Parade.
 Very esteemed Disneyland personality.
  And through some weird IMDB or something I don't know how I got there but I was looking up weird  specials and trying to figure out something else that had the wrong aggressive Mickey voice.
 And I  found a special where he was credited and I finally can say that Jack Wagner is the weird wrong  den Mickey.
 Which brings me to just before we dive into maybe the history of Toontown.
  I wanted to play this great clip from the special where I figured it all out.
 I don't know when this  is from probably like mid to early 80s.
 It's called Magic Kingdom Yuletide special.
 And this is  you look this up on YouTube but this is a weird I think Jack Wagner is all the characters in this  and how really because everybody's a little they're not allowing this off of voices anymore.
  I don't think.
 And I'm playing this partially for that and to hear den Mickey but then also  every actor you're about to hear every voice you're about to hear this whatever this production is is  so delightfully waiting for Guffman Red White and Blaine like every performer in this is just  so wonderfully overdone.
 So this is just a little bit of Christmas magic I've been wanting to play  for a while.
 So the setup is that Scrooge doesn't like Christmas.
 Oh of course.
 And then Mickey and  some you know human friends we've never met before are all trying to help the situation.
  Enough of this Christmas nonsense.
 I don't believe in it.
 But Mr.
 Scrooge Christmas time is the most  magical time of the year.
 A time when the most wonderful and unexpected things can happen.
  That's right Mr.
 Scrooge and all you have to do is let yourself go.
 Be swept up in the excitement.
  Oh yeah.
 You can have it.
 Oh dear.
 I wish we could change Scrooge's mind about Christmas.
  So do I Wendy but things are very hard to change.
 Don't underestimate the power of the magic of  Christmas.
 Hey let's not let Scrooge ruin a great day.
 I've got it.
 Let's go for a sleigh ride.
 A  sleigh ride.
 That would be great.
 But where are we going to get the sleigh and the horses.
 Yeah.
 It  seems we need a little of that Christmas magic ourselves.
 You asked for it.
  Then he like waves his hands around and creates a video toaster effect.
  You asked for it.
 You asked for it.
 But some things are very hard to change.
  Every performance feels like they were in a different room in like a different like with  a different like camera crew and director and they edited all them all of them together.
 They're all  like talking to no one.
 Maybe this was done during a previous pandemic that we've forgotten.
  Oh yeah maybe.
 Or everything was separated by zoom.
 This was a 1974 pandemic we've  erased from history.
 Okay you asked for it.
 Hands in the air Bosner.
 You could probably I think  memeify or whatever you would call it.
 Memefying that you asked for it can be the next I use the  den.
 Okay you want to you want a weird statement about what's going on in Florida.
 You asked for  it.
 The official Mickey Bob Chapek like mouthpiece.
 That is that we finally found a Mickey that  matches the Bob Chapek era.
 Yeah right.
 Chapek really should bring back this mean Mickey.
 You  want fast passes to cost twenty dollars a pop.
 You asked for it.
 Yeah asshole Mickey.
  He's just the fixer.
 He's the Josh Brolin character from Hail Caesar.
  And that's what I was telling you guys beforehand that my new character I'm interested in the  current CFO of Disney who just keeps saying insane things.
 Oh yeah yeah yeah well you want to share  one of those.
 Yeah yeah what because we again to bring back something from Celebriory the guys  we got we got another guy.
 Yeah.
 Female guy but yes and and I mean the most egregious was she said  like yes portion sizes have shrunk at Disney restaurants but that may be beneficial to some  guests waistlines like oh what lady what did you say what did you say to me.
 Lord we're helping  you.
 We're helping you.
 We're actually helping you Toby.
 And then like the ticket price is going up  and said like you know some people have more money than time you know.
 That's just the way it is.
  Deal with it.
 Do it you fucks.
 You asked for it.
 The official Mickey of the Chapek era is here.
  We made modern family eat shit.
 We don't have to do anything else.
  Went to the Elon Musk School of Public Relations.
 Yeah.
  Oh right.
 That's David Chapek.
  Shut up.
 Damn it.
 Do I have to do everything.
 Screw yourself Cal Hansen.
  It's a lawsuit.
 Want more money.
  I'm calling the scientists.
 We're going drinking again.
 Take off the mask.
 You don't need to have  been ridiculous.
 This is a prop.
  Oh God.
 The best was when DeSantis said that and then the two dunces behind the kids like they're  not kids they're college students they're adults like the two who listened to him and were like  took their mask off like oh the governor said I could.
 The man is yelling I better.
 Bob Chapek  announces Ron DeSantis is the new voice of Mickey.
 Well and then the oh man the marketing guy I  forgot like a less I mean I don't know his statement less egregious but his history much  more egregious the guy they hired who worked for BP who was in charge of communication.
 He just  leaked the Deepwater Horizon.
 He leaked the release date of Guardians accidentally online.
  Yes well and he called it Epcot Center and leaked to the Epcot Center parody account.
  Yeah that was just funny.
 That was just funny.
 That was just a funny thing.
 But some sinister  shit he's worked for some sinister.
 Yeah yeah yeah.
 Former BP person that makes him like way  down in the current sinister Disney.
 As far as the terrible shit.
  It really sucks right now doesn't it guys.
 Yeah we're all trying to like we're trying to get  around.
 Yeah yeah you know but Jesus I mean you know.
 Celebrities back.
 Yeah I think it might have  to be a little while.
 We really do we want to celebrate this company right now.
 This great this  company that's all about it's you know they're a great purveyor of Rancho Mirage housing tracks  and yeah and rides costing twenty dollars a pop and homophobic legislation.
 Which later I realized  after we did that episode what the story Living reminded me of and it's the Christian timeshare  destination Zion's Landing from Righteous Gemstone season two.
 There's a massive timeshare storyline  that is very important so check it out folks.
 Everybody's pretty gem stony right now.
  Yeah.
 Did Disney get taken over by the fictional characters? I think so.
 I'm not all the way to  the end of the last season but I am watching it unlike Yellowstone which I have not started yet  and I am going to get to.
 I promise.
 You asked for it.
 You're continuing to know what Yellowstone.
  I don't know what Mickey fires BBs at you.
 Yeah.
 I'm gonna buy it.
 You better watch it or I'll buy it.
  Watch it then won't you.
 Taylor Sheridan I'm gonna buy you out.
  I'm gonna get you and your characters.
 All of them.
 It's all mine.
 It's all mine damn it.
  We bought Modern Family.
 That means we're pro inclusion.
 I hope none of this makes sense  in a why.
 This all might be relevant this week but maybe it won't be relevant in a couple months  if JPEG gets fucking fired as it should be and could be.
 I mean all our brains have been destroyed  in one way or another so it will all probably just be mush.
 It'll all just be a distant memory.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know like there was a Buzzfeed list of like stuff that happened right before  like the 2020 shutdown and they're like remember this meme and it's like no I don't.
 Sorry.
  I do remember Parasite wedding best picture.
 That was cool but then it was just like and then of  course Love is Blind season one debuted and I'm like uh-huh yes yep.
 Can I take us back to the  pre-opening Toontown? No let's stay.
 Let's do a lot more JPEG.
 No please let's go to the topical  JPEG.
 More topical JPEG.
 Dear God let's go to the past.
 And thankfully that's usually.
 When things  were less openly evil.
 Yes.
 No.
 So this is the groundbreaking ceremony for Toontown.
 This was  from a special.
 Someone clipped a special and it had Disney afternoon avenue like promotional  footage before this and then after it it had a song that went I'm going to Disneyland.
 I'm going  to Disneyland.
 Oh yeah I remember that song.
 Which I know is I'm going to Disney World.
 I'm going to  Disney World.
 So they just recorded the song twice and changed the destination.
 So I think it's a  vacation planning.
 You asked for it.
 You're reusing the song.
 Okay this is.
 I'm only paying those singers once.
  This is the then head of Disneyland.
 Jack Lindquist.
 It's Jack Lindquist.
 That's right he's very old.
  Now if he was evil he never showed it.
 This guy seems like the most roly poly grandpa man.
 I always  got a good vibe.
 He's not zaddy.
 He's not zaddy but he's uh uh great.
 Is he grand zaddy? I'm gonna say  he's grampy.
 Grandpa.
 Grandpa.
 I guess praise we could give.
 This is a wonder.
 I liked this guy.
 He  invented Disney dollars.
 Another topic we haven't done.
 I don't know if they still do Disney dollars.
  The with the money that they don't.
 They don't.
 Okay.
 Although I feel like crypto Disney dollar  could come out pretty soon.
 A digital Disney dollar.
 They get Disney.
 Disneyetherium.
 Yeah.
  Yeah exactly.
 To set the stage there was a bunch of construction people on stage and one guy  introduces him and then he does some very big broom work.
 Like he's really you know fake pushing  the broom across the stage.
 People in the back.
 Yeah.
 Quite a coup for us.
 Having the characters  allow us many tunes into their city.
 You see Mickey's Toontown really exists.
  It was just another suburb when Mickey Mouse moved here and he moved in decades ago and over  the years it's also become home to many others including Minnie, Goofy, Chippendale and Roger  Rabbit.
 Ladies and gentlemen Mickey Mouse.
 You could drive a jolly trolley through those pauses  that he was taking in that.
  Hiya folks.
 It's really swell to be here.
 Well you must be pretty excited about all this Mickey.
  You bet.
 Well I think we're ready then.
 Hey Benny slow down.
 I can't stop.
  Okay so Roger Rabbit drove the taxi cab through the wall at the end.
 Right.
 Uh huh.
 And what  sounded like is that just a generic fanfare or is that the Looney Tunes? That's how Looney Tunes  would end.
 That's all folks.
 Oh right.
 Yeah that's weird.
 Yeah why would they play that?  I mean that would have been cool if they tried to do like, I mean the licensing would have been  impossible but like Toontown in the Roger Rabbit movie is like, it's all of them.
 It's everyone.
  Well they could have everyone.
 They could have the Looney Tunes.
 They could have the characters  from the King Features Syndicate.
 They could have had anyone.
 Dagwood could have been in Toontown.
  The Charles Fleischer.
 That's what I kept coming across.
 Tribune Company publishing characters.
  Yeah.
 There's a new one.
 Who owns Popeye? Is it King Features?  I forget who owns them.
 Well I would like to.
.
.
 Max Fleischer.
 Max Fleischer made the cartoons  and made Betty Boop and those early Superman.
 There's a.
.
.
 oh right right right.
 There's a  company that called Boss Fight that makes action figures and finally they did a first line of Popeye  toys but now the second line has been unveiled and Wimpy is in.
 Jason immediately pre-ordered.
  Pre-ordered baby.
 He's thinking about getting the poop deck pappy toy they're also producing.
  What is the population of people who for the second line of Popeye products said out loud,  finally? How many people on this earth? I think a person text.
.
.
 multiple people know Jason is  the guy for like multiple people texted me about this toy.
 Forward this to Jason please.
 I've never  asked him for his number having not wished to text about Popeye before.
 I don't know.
 I'm not sure  how.
.
.
 I don't know what the audience is for these.
 These are smaller companies but Wimpy is finally  being produced.
 Very exciting.
 Yeah this is the same company that made Bucky O'Hare toy.
.
.
 new Bucky  O'Hare toys which I own and are very excited about.
 Maybe even more narrow than Popeye.
 I would think  less known a much smaller amount of time.
 But they never you know they finally made a Mimi LaFlew  toy.
 Is that her name? Mimi LaFlew which was.
.
.
 Don't look at me pal.
  You asked for it Mimi LaFlew.
 Talking bits of Mimi LaFlew tangent.
 What is what world is Mimi  LaFlew in? In the Bucky O'Hare-iverse.
 She was in the crew.
 Yeah Mimi LaFlew.
 She sounds so annoyed.
  Like I didn't know.
 You should know there she was.
 I don't know.
 She's kind of a she's got like a.
.
.
 She's  a paw patrol.
 She's a fox.
 She's not a paw patrol.
 She's a.
.
.
 You ticked that pick.
 No paw patrol.
  Damn it it's way cooler.
 But she liked Bucky.
 Mimi LaFlew.
 She was definitely like a I guess like a.
.
.
  She was the love interest.
 She was the romantic lead.
 Well but no Jenny was the romantic lead  but she was not.
 Mimi LaFlew was different.
 Jenny was where the romance laid in Bucky O'Hare.
 But Mimi  LaFlew.
 I'm trying to think of a good parallel.
 She was like.
.
.
 I guess she was like a Lola Bunny  in the original Space Jam maybe.
 She was a little too like sexed up.
 I don't know what you would say.
  Like they were.
.
.
 There was too much of like a male animator was drawing like his ideal fox woman.
  I gotta say though it feels like Mimi LaFlew.
 They hit on a name and then like oh we got a clock  out at five.
 Just call the other one Jenny.
 You're saying me test situation.
 Yeah exactly.
  But anyway Boss Fight shout out to them for doing great work.
 They were doing.
  There is an Instagram account just called Max Fleischer Cartoons and they were doing some sort  of cartoon screening at the Boss Fight like store studios in LA.
 By the way check that Instagram  account.
 It's the best use of Instagram live I've ever seen.
 A few times a day they'll just go live  and show old cartoons.
 Like just show Betty Boop or Popeye or I think Bimbo.
 Is that a  Betty Boop friend? Yeah.
 And those Betty Boop cartoons are much weirder than like you know  the tin lunchbox oversized t-shirt industry will lead you to believe.
 Well then the notion.
.
.
 The  way she's presented now which is just the idea.
.
.
 She just represents the idea of sexiness.
  Right.
 Somehow despite being a giant eyed.
 Like what is she? That's like why is that the point  of Betty Boop now? Yeah.
 The aesthetic has jumped to the Cuphead games and cartoon show.
 Like that is  that style.
 Right.
 So it would be great if all if everyone was in Toontown is really the point of  this whole tangent here.
 Mimi Laflew, Betty Boop, Bimbo, Bimbo.
 Every character could be in Toontown  but they did not.
.
.
 They did not work out thousands and thousands of licensing agreements.
 Exactly.
  Well the big thing that had to be worked out to get this land off the ground was they.
.
.
 So it  came out of the need for a place where you'd be guaranteed to meet Mickey Mouse.
 And so it was all  structured around that.
 So there and there have been different plans for such a thing in the parks.
  I found out that on via the channel review time that there was a thing planned called Mickeyville  Tokyo.
 But that was still kind of in fantasy land aesthetic.
 That was like a little European town  where they'd all set up shop and like Minnie had a candy shop and stuff like that.
 So that was not.
.
.
  That's where they work in Europe.
 Right.
 Not in Japan.
 Not where they live.
 Then some Imagineers.
  I think included there's a guy named Joe Lancezero who seems very nice and cool.
 Who is it seems to  be like a vocal.
.
.
 The person who led Mickey's Toontown.
 He did plans for something called Mickey  Land that might have had not just.
.
.
 It definitely had the characters houses component but it might  have also been a catch all of other stuff.
 Like the other half of it may have ended up being  100 acre wood and they were going to get Winnie the Pooh in that way.
 Right.
 So that was a  possibility.
 But by the time this was pitched it was Eisner era.
 He's trying to get recent  blockbusters into the park.
 He already was saying as much Roger Rabbit as possible.
 There's a lot  of Roger.
.
.
 Tons of Roger Rabbit odds and ends in the then new Disney MGM studios.
 So he said,  why don't we.
.
.
 It's not Mickey Land.
 You can do your Mickey Land concept but can it also be Toontown?  So it's kind of you divide it in half.
 So we've got a Roger Rabbit section and a Mickey and Friends  section and that's what you see today.
 Yeah.
 It's interesting all those ideas that you always find  have been bouncing around, Imagineering Forever and that's like they obviously wanted a spot for  Mickey forever.
 Yeah.
 And then just because of Roger Rabbit this all came together.
 Finally was  current and relevant for that time before they bailed on this character harder than they bailed  on any character in their history.
 Yes.
 Well I think the Hollywood land stuff that was always  talked about like it'll go behind Main Street and it'll have the Roger Rabbit rides we're going to  put at Disney MGM studios and just.
.
.
 I kept coming across like that Euro Disneyland financial hit  like killed a lot of projects or scaled back a lot of projects.
 It killed everything.
 Well now like  because you know in the defunct lands and the review times and the different videos of the world  catalog these things like now the thing you'll always hear it's usually other stuff right it's  well due to September 11th or now due to the pandemic Euro Disney is the only mega meltdown  disaster that Disney themselves caused.
 Yes it's the only themed entertainment like financial  catastrophe.
 Yeah you're right.
 It's not well until it's like but then the day that Bob Chapek took a  flamethrower to the Magic Kingdom.
 Yeah.
 He burnt the place down.
 Specifically.
 Before cops shot him.
  All right.
 Oh cops would never shoot the rich.
 Are you kidding? Well I guess California Adventure  then came along too.
 That was another one and some people say Hong Kong Disneyland but I don't  think that really made as much of an impact.
 Yeah but Euro Disney's this like meltdown like it's the  they couldn't ignore it really is what it is because obviously they don't companies don't  want to take blame for something like that but it was just too big to ignore.
 Yeah.
 So they had to  use it to explain why.
 Thus hurting the Disney the Disney decade was essentially over in two three  years.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Over almost before it started.
 The Disney yeah few years not decades.
 Disney  couple years.
 Fifth of a decade yeah.
 I mean the juxtaposition I think with like how big all the  movies were and then how Euro Disneyland just didn't did it just had a bad open a bad start out  the gate but then by the time California Adventure opens like fortunes across the company were not  doing well so it's like well this isn't great.
 Yeah.
 But neither is TV and neither is movies so  you know.
 Yeah every the hubris that look we in some ways you can admire the Eisner hubris  but the hubris to build I think as Tony Baxter other people have talked about like  you know it makes sense in Tokyo because that's sort of adults don't like turn up their noses at  animated things versus Europe.
 We're going to build a big fun cartoon thing in the middle of Europe  maybe is a little bit.
 A place where they weave like we've all we've done is announced it and now  they are they're specific they're throwing vegetables at us.
 Yeah yeah maybe that was not  it took like a generation of like people it had to be there for a generation for people to go yeah  I guess it's okay.
 Like people had to grow up with it and not like yeah not have known that stigma  because they were one year old when the stigma existed.
 So yeah the Eisner you know worked to  look the it worked sometimes it didn't work other places.
 Yeah yeah yeah the folly and now they do  have that now they do like they put out that big commemorative book there's like social media  accounts of like remember the early days of Euro Disney and it's like oh I went first year to open  you know same as any park people remembered fondly after enough time.
 Yeah yeah they knew it would  happen.
 There was something else contained in that that clip that you played Jason because the you  know the real story of this is what I just said they want to play Mickey and Bob Ross.
 Yes.
  Lots to unpack though.
 The real the narrative story and this is yeah well let's get to this.
 I send you  guys a little email also if you I don't know I don't know what you're about to share.
 I think  it's what you want to.
 But the yeah so the fictional backstory of Toontown is that Mickey's Toontown  predated the theme park that Mickey's celebrity is popping off in the early 30s and he wants just a  little middle America suburb to call his own.
 I think according to the story at one point he was  there by himself and then eventually got lonely.
 He wanted to keep.
 What are you taking? I'm curious  what you have.
 Do you have the comic strip? I don't have the comic strip but I have it's the actual  like somewhere this was written down as far as the narrative and I found it in that review time  video.
 Okay yeah yeah.
 Toontown was a hidden Toon suburb that Mickey Mouse had moved to in 1930  to keep in touch with his humble midwestern roots.
 Now okay now in canon here Mickey is from the  midwest because Walt was from the midwest I guess.
 Yeah.
 But even though Mickey was created when Walt  lived out in California.
 Yes.
 So I don't know why.
 No Mickey's from Nebraska.
 Mickey is from Nebraska  with his friends following soon after.
 Okay so there are three paragraphs here let's unpack this  one first.
 Mickey okay he moved out so if we think about the narrative in the California Adventure  Suitcase in a Dream pop-up show which is a show that happens on the street of California Adventure  with some newsies and then Mickey pops up and it's sort of talking about how Mickey came out  to California to make it big.
 Yeah.
 So that's also canon is that Mickey I guess here it's the same  thing Mickey lived in the midwest and came out here.
 With Walt? Well they meet in Hollywood.
 So  this but this canon is saying that Walt it feels like they met in Hollywood it's not canon that  Mickey and Walt like lived together in a like a studio apartment in the midwest and then there  were like two buddies that moved out.
 I don't think that's what the narrative is.
 What's the okay the  little scene right in the where that show happens that you're describing there's the statue that's  Walt and Mickey and they both kind of got their suitcases.
 Yeah.
 Presumably a dream.
 Of course.
 You  can see it in their eyes.
 Is that have they is that them meeting? Do they bump into each other both  carrying suitcases? Oh sorry I'll clean that up for you.
 What's up? What's up? I'm Mickey.
 We have to you know we have  Walt if we can look up Jason do you have can we look up the lyrics to Suitcase in a Dream  because I think that'll really let us know exactly what the narrative is.
 Mike acts like that as a  chore.
 I'm pretending yeah yeah I'm pretending for the podcast.
 If we had to listen to Suitcase in a Dream  if somebody made us.
 And Scott where do you know where that background is from like where did they publish  that that well if you also if we're giving you too many tasks here but both of you have in your email  now a comic strip that I found that explains a one pager that explains all of this backstory.
 Okay but  we have a couple more things Scott to get to before.
 Okay so here are the lyrics of Suitcase in a Dream  and here is I guess the newer canon.
 So do you want me to sing should I sing it or should I just  maybe I'll just recite it.
 Should I do all of it including the choruses or.
 It's like Mr.
 Disney  traveled west like that's the type of singing in the song.
 It's but Mr.
 Disney traveled west just a few  bucks to his name along the way he met Mickey Mouse.
 On the train.
 And the world will never be the same.
 Is it an analog for that he  drew Mickey on the train in this world.
 Yeah maybe.
 Where he that he that Mickey just they like bumped  into each other on their way in and out of the bathroom car.
 Right.
 Sorry don't get up in there.
 So Jason is  correct about a long train ride because magical things can happen when you're relaxing on a long  mode of train a long trip.
 That's right yeah the narrative that he came up with Mickey.
 Right but he actually.
  Don't call him Mortimer idiot.
 What are you doing.
 So so he met Mickey on maybe a train doesn't say that in the  song but that's probably what they're implying.
 I want that slice of banana green pie.
 Yeah they both reached for it or something or  can I borrow a cigarette.
 This is an insane amount of lore of canon to dump in a comic strip at an old  man giving a press conference.
 So okay there's two more paragraphs of this thing.
 So when Walt Disney was  looking for a location to build Disneyland Mickey pointed him toward a large orange grove nearby for  him to build his park.
 Yeah so Mickey told him where to build Disneyland which was nearby the  suburbs.
 So Mickey went to Anaheim.
 Yeah Mickey had a private housing development the original  Cotino in a way.
 Yes.
 In Anaheim he chose and he he develops just a sliver of it but left most of it  just didn't bother the farmers or whatever who owned it already.
 Hey you want some cheap land.
  I know where to build.
 Yeah and this in this world he like Walt's his landlord.
 Essentially yes.
  Or I'm sorry no he's Walt's landlord.
 Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he sold him cheap farmland.
 So after  the park opened Mickey and his friends would travel between their Toontown homes and Disneyland to meet  the countless guests that visited the park before eventually deciding to open their hometown to the  public digging a tunnel through the berm.
 Important Mickey Goofy and Donald and Minnie all dug a tunnel  together.
 Through the berm.
 Through the berm.
 Walt built a berm to keep the Toons out.
 He didn't want them.
  We're running a professional fun organization here we don't want.
 But as soon as Walt was dead.
 People  aren't going to take it seriously if there's a mouse walking around.
 Right as soon as Walt was dead  they were like we're building a tunnel here.
 Well they when they close that big picnic area where  companies would do company picnics and get hammered.
 Close that down opens up room to build a tunnel  for cartoon characters to go through.
 I don't think I know about this picnic this drunk picnic  place.
 Oh didn't we.
 We haven't done an episode about the drunk about the picnic.
 I must have  heard about on on Disney Dish.
 I think it is what is now the downtown Disney parking lot.
 Okay.
  Yeah they they you know the corporate companies were like look we want somewhere to have company  picnics and our executives like to drink beer.
 And so people would get hammered and then go into the  park.
 You're saying on adult libations.
 Adult libations.
 They said.
 It essentially predicted downtown Disney.
  Can I just say.
 Wait wait are you still.
 I'm done I'm done with my portion of that explanation.
  Well I gotta say this is 1940 ish Rogers gang makes downtown a happen in place.
  Usually in history.
 That's something from the comics.
 Yeah we should talk now we have to go  through the comic strip.
 Oh yeah.
 Panel by panel.
 Sorry.
 People have been going to Toontown without  knowing any of this back story.
 And that's why.
 That's why this place needs to be closed down and  we need to stop down and reflect on why you're going there and what the you know it's you can  live your Toontown story.
 There should be.
 There should be a roadie style pre-show before you go  into Toontown with like three pre-show rooms that explain this narrative before you even step foot  in the land.
 Yeah you're right.
 So now so at that at that point in this in this comic yeah Mickey is  already Mickey lives in Anaheim.
 He suggested this land.
 No no we hasn't just the land.
 Roger and his  gang invade in the 40s.
 Well yeah which is confusing because usually the suburbs don't come before the  city.
 That has not historically been the case.
 So can I go do you want to walk through these  panels.
 What do you want to do here.
 This is just like if anything struck you.
 Oh everything strikes  me.
 So so basically the first panel just says a star is born and like there's two like old timey  folks.
 They've just seen Steamboat Willie and they're very excited about Mickey and then the  next panel I would like to point out it says 1930 something and Mickey is at his desk and he writes  or he says there's no place like home if only I had one.
 Which is really like.
 You have a house.
  Mickey never right got to Hollywood got discovered really on the train by Walt and just hit the ground  running and never he he doesn't have a place to live.
 This is a mistreatment on a Judy Garland  level.
 100% criminal what Walt has done.
 Right he has just been sleeping as obvious he looks  exhausted already.
 He's like eyes are closing he's at his desk and with a full itinerary  meet and greet.
 Meet with Walt see new merch on the set.
 Right.
 Calls he always calls to Donald.
  This is this is crazy he's been worked to the bone.
 I know it's real cruel it's so yeah early  early show business.
 And then yeah it says soon after and then it says Toontown West in the back  and Mickey is shaking hands with a like an unseen a faceless suited human man.
 He's with Pluto.
  Mickey it's Daniel Plainview he's buying the land.
 Daniel Plainview.
  Oh I look at people and I don't find much I like either Daniel.
  You drank my milkshake.
 I can't dig for oil into this place then why'd I buy it.
  The only thing is if Mickey gets beat up by a bowling apparatus it's just a big  big bump comes out of his head and he sees birds around his head so that might have gone smoother.
  Not so for Daniel.
 No.
 He's seen the end of the movie.
 Yeah.
  So yeah then Mickey moves in his friends eventually join and I like or says in no time.
  And then why is this fact so odd to us that I don't know why they took the time to say Mickey  lived alone not with Minnie for not with his long-term girlfriend.
 Mickey was able to sew  his oats for a little while in Anaheim if that's what they're getting at.
 And outside of this  mythology by the way it's also explained elsewhere that the reason that Donald is on a boat and not  a house in Toontown is because he lives in Duckburg.
 We know this.
 So he's only docking  sometimes in Toontown.
 Well Mickey's birthday land I believe took place in Duckburg like when  you get off of the train in Florida the version their version of one of the versions of the  Toontown in Florida you'd get off the train to take you there and it would say you were actually in  Duckburg initially.
 But wasn't it wasn't the canon at one point that that Mickey's house was his like  vacation house.
 Yes which we've talked about on an episode.
 I don't know which one but on an episode  we've talked we have talked about that at least one episode.
 Yeah I don't think Jack Lindquist is  still alive the man I heard in the clip earlier.
 But I feel like if he heard any of what we're  saying today he'd say what's wrong with you damn kids.
 I made you a place to run around and play.
  Why are you getting caught up on this.
 It's been decades.
 You're wasting your time today.
  Even the three sentences they had him say I was like what what.
 Yes they called yeah you  asked for it.
 You asked for it Jack.
 What are they supposed to do but pick this apart on a podcast  years later.
 I didn't think it was even more convoluted than his introduction.
  Oh I would love to be yelled at by Jack Lindquist especially if it was in that slow way he was  talking in that video.
 Well to take some nice pauses yes take a break kind of get back up from  the yelling.
 Yeah yeah.
 And help you absorb it.
 I hope to be yelled at at least by one CEO  of Disney or otherwise.
 Well there's one who's pretty likely to yell at all of us before he's  done.
 A lot less endearing than old Jack Lindquist too.
 Hopefully after the after he's done being CEO  he'll be on Cameo and you can pay him like a grand to yell at you.
 Michael Eisner started his specials  by saying hello.
 He's good.
 Shavex is going to start his specials by saying hello you fucks.
  You fucks.
 Unappreciative fucks.
 I'm finished.
 The heel we were really right about that heel  him turning heel.
 Yeah we were joking about the heel turn.
 That was a couple weeks prior.
 He really did it and it was much less funny than we described.
  Oh it was not yeah it was not funny.
 I know.
 If only he'd taken if it had been we wouldn't be mad if he was just  wearing like leopard colored spandex and the.
 Yeah that's true.
 Yelling cartoonish threats.
 Yeah  and it's certainly much less than some wrestling heel turns where everyone just glowers more and  like seemingly twirls like a snidely whiplash mustache.
 Sure he should have all snidely should  have been in Toontown too.
 Oh yeah the Jay Ward character should have been all over that.
 Yeah  because you could have two Dudley Do-Right rides.
 It is surprising that Disney has not acquired like  Rocky and Bowling Goal as such.
 Give them time.
 Yeah it'll happen.
 Okay we have a lot more panels  to go through here.
 I don't know you guys are with all these jokes and stuff I don't know.
  We have more.
 Back to reading.
 So panel seven.
 I don't know where are you? I don't know.
  We're talking Roger.
 Okay so 1940ish.
 Roger's gang makes downtown a happening place.
 Okay so Roger now  makes downtown I don't know what that means downtown it makes whatever Anaheim we're talking here.
  No he means Toontown downtown Toontown.
 Okay yeah where Mickey was living.
 No no he lives in suburbia  he doesn't like the he probably didn't like that Roger moved in he probably wanted to like screw  Roger on the property so he had Disneyland open on the side nearest to him to cause a bunch of  noise for his rates to go up.
 Yeah Mickey still lives on the quiet side of town out in the barn.
  I see.
 So left Toontown is suburbs right Toontown is downtown.
 And that's where Roger and his  gang were making things happen in basically.
 Jazz music and dueling pianos.
 Okay I got you.
  Or dueling pianos but only one of the pianos is being played and the other is empty due to  copyright rules.
 You mean because they would get sued by Hall of the Moon.
 They can't do the gang.
  I thought you meant because Hall of the Moon copyright.
 Yeah they definitely the  cowl at the moon definitely seems like a company that has their legal issues in order.
  The next one's really I feel like this is where like it's all contained in here and it's 1953  and Walt is describing his plans for Disneyland to Mickey and right here I'd put a beautiful castle.
  Sounds great Walt I know of the perfect property nearby.
 And the thing under that is Walt a frequent  and the only human visitor to Toontown.
 Yes.
 This is great.
 This is a great detail of it.
 They never  had no humans were allowed to visit.
 Right so how did they get mail? Mickey I guess had to go to the  mail.
 Just toss it over the burn.
 Or yeah there was yeah exactly.
 So yeah Walt was the only cool guy.
  How did they get like hookups for water and power? Uh-huh yeah so Walt was the only cool one.
  Everybody else can't trust those no toons.
 I guess they had their I guess they had like a toon  everything.
 I guess there was a toon post-op.
 They have like a toon they have a toon mailbox.
  It's toon water I guess.
 They can't drink our water.
 So it's like a self-service.
 USPS won't do the last  mile delivery.
 It costs way more expensive way more expensive.
 It's like sending mail to China.
  Even though it's right next door.
 He I guess yeah so every like Mickey didn't meet many  humans on trains I guess.
 So that kind of bonded him to Walt forever.
 So Walt could go into the  toon town.
 And I guess I'm still they kind of talk about like humans as far as the physics are  concerned.
 But I do wonder like did Walt ever get an anvil dropped on him or his hand or anything  like what what happened there? Like was he in danger constant danger? We haven't looked into  the polo injury yet.
 That might have been with like a cartoon ostrich.
 Oh yeah.
 We don't know  the ins and outs yet.
 Yeah that that is uh yeah that time where Walt was in toon town when toon  town was hidden is surprisingly not documented.
 And I feel like a lot of weird stuff went down.
  A lot of weird stuff went down.
 You think toon affairs? 100% toon affairs.
 Who do we think he  was who who was Walt? Do we dare say Minnie? Clarabel? Minnie yeah yeah who are the single ones?  Clarabel.
 Is Clarabel with Horace? Yeah she is but they were um yeah name only.
 They were Polly.
  They were Clarabel and oh you think they were you think they were pretty pretty chilled for the time.
  I think so yeah.
 I think you can kind of get that vibe from them if you watch those early cartoons.
  Maybe I'm crazy.
 Maybe I'm well in the way that there is like throughout the 20th century there's  like oh yeah there's a polyamorous community or a commune or like you know nudist colony you know.
  Always.
 There was a nudist part of toon so there was a nude town in toon town.
  There was yeah.
 To join up.
 Some of yeah some of it was just nudist some of it was just no pants  some of it was just you know.
 Yes a lot of characters yeah it is largely a no pants  community already.
 Right.
 Be it Donald or Winnie the Pooh.
 So Walt would just  join in.
 Leave his pants at the at the city hall.
 What if Walt is Rue's father?  Walt and Kanga.
 Never met Kanga's husband.
 Anything is possible.
  Walt had a secret family in toon town.
 We recently were talking about secret families.
  Please Walt it would help Rue socially if she could take the last name Disney.
 No no no I don't  it'll be a blight on the empire.
 Yeah that's right.
 This is my secret shame.
  There should be a that's not a panel in the comic we're reading.
 No no it's not.
  Walt conceiving Rue.
 Don't take a picture I don't want anyone to see it.
  The only human allowed in toon town for many years.
  That's.
 Walt is essentially Walt open toon town to humans just as Nixon  softened relations and opened China to trade to diplomatic relations with America.
 You're saying  these parallel.
 There's a parallel.
 There's a parallel here.
 Nixon and Walt very good friends.
  So make say.
 Why didn't you invite him then? I was gonna say did Walt ever like come on would you  would you let Mickey would you let Dick come in all right yeah I just want to show him around.
 He  loves the animated features.
 The cover of night like yeah an unmarked car pulled up the cover of  night but the way this this worked out Nixon was likely inspired by Walt opening up toon town.
  Because he would have known because this was all secret until the night like to the 90s this was  all secret.
 We didn't know this was happening at the time.
 Nixon might have known this might have  been an area of 51 situation.
 Yeah right yes.
 Maybe there was a phone on the desk  on the resolute desk.
 Maybe there was a red line.
 This one this one gives me Khrushchev.
  This one gives me Mickey Mouse.
 It was the house the phone that Mickey has in toon town.
  It was the silly phone.
 The only person who could call it was Richard Nixon.
 Nixon had one of Mickey's  silly phone on his desk as well.
 Listen Dick I agree with your politics but Walt and I have an  arrangement before you know it this whole place is overrun with people.
  I'd love to make an exception for you but I can't.
 My balls are in a vice here man.
  What about a phone? I'll give you a phone.
 Dick do not listen to Billy Graham.
 Do not bomb the  dykes in Vietnam.
 You will flood so much.
 It was sick of being an unpaid advisor.
 You're gonna kick  me some money for this foreign policy.
 Haldeman's out of his mind.
  Yeah it was like uh like every time you hear Robert Evans an old Robert Evans interview he was  talking about how he needed Henry Kissinger at like a movie premiere or something.
 There was a  similar situation with Mickey and Nixon.
 Kissinger and Eeyore got along very well.
 Yeah yeah similar  energies.
 Yeah yeah vibes vibes are the same.
 But then look they did invite people into the town.
  Of course eventually.
 After many after almost 40 years of being in the town.
  Many after almost 40 years of the theme park being open next door.
  Yes so finally a decision was made that look it's too close.
 We may as well just do it.
  It's a long commute.
 You know what it'll make our commute easier if we build a tunnel  you know through the burnt whatever it is.
 Which also suggests to me that we are supposed to  believe actually we're traveling a farther distance in Disneyland than what it is.
 So like when we  walk through the gates of Toontown I think the narrative is that we're walk like maybe we're  walking like a couple miles even.
 I don't think it's actually supposed to be immediate.
 In the  fantasy of it we're walking through a secret tunnel to get to this suburb.
 Right because you  go under the railroad tracks and honestly it is kind of a pain to walk to Toontown sometimes.
  Toontown does feel the most inconvenient place to go in Disneyland.
 Yeah years pass and I've never  been back there.
 So losing it for a little bit where it's not because it's not a conduit to  anything else.
 Right.
 It's a dead end in the park.
 Right.
 So yeah you skip it sometimes.
 People were  speculating though that concept art does look like it would have a second in and out like we connect  to Galaxy's Edge.
 Possibly Chip and Dale treehouse knocks down it not having anything fun in it anymore.
  And so yeah maybe that but I was looking at that on an overhead.
 You got a long way to go.
  They got to build a big old bridge.
 It's not you think maybe it's right next door but it's not.
  It's like this hypothetical tunnel that Mike is describing.
 It's a long way.
 So they got to build  some weird bridge to Galaxy's Edge I think.
 Feels like they're not going to do that.
 But I could be  really weird too.
 It is the last dead end in the park and Runaway Railway is going to like really  amp up the people.
 That's true.
 I guess you yeah yeah that I guess yeah when this opens again  like having a big exciting ride will certainly make more people go I guess we got to go walk  back to Toontown like that.
 So it would make sense as far as traffic flow but.
 The other thing is  that they're not going to be able to do that thing where Toontown closes like before the rest of the  park because it's adjacent to where they fire the fireworks off of.
 Oh that's right.
 Yeah.
 They're  there.
 They can't get away with there's a big new ride.
 They can't close that ride at five every day.
  Right.
 So I'm not what will they do.
 I don't know.
 What will their time closure policy.
  We can only sit here and like you know we should just sit here silently for a couple minutes so the  listeners at home can contemplate it like we are.
 So we build in a space here.
 They keep 30 they'll  close it.
 I don't know.
 They keep doing that where it's just like they keep moving where the fireworks  are shot off from and where the like like to build Runaway Railway there was like a big backstage  area for like maintenance and costuming and stuff that they had to like sacrifice.
  Sacrifice.
 Sacrifice.
 They had to give up.
 Sacrifice does sound a little extreme.
  No I think so.
 They had to do some sort of ritual.
 They had to just give it up.
 Burn it for my god.
  Burn it for the ink.
 Chaypek lit a fire.
 He's gonna he's gonna start firing the fireworks  straight at the employees cars.
 Those are the new shows.
  Shoot shoot one of the employees cars into the air and hit it with a firework for the show.
 Launch  it.
 I believe there is a parking garage near where the fireworks are shot off where if you are parked  on the top of the garage at least for a little while there was a thing where it's like if you  go to get your car if you stayed really late and they shot off fireworks you have a fine layer of  ash on your car.
 I think it was a thing with neighbors for a long time.
 Yeah.
 You get you  get ash in your yard.
 Yeah so.
 Chaypek's gonna start charging for the ash.
  It's gonna go door to door.
 Scrape up the ash.
 You could this is a this is valuable Disney property.
  There'll be a $150 please.
 They'll build a car wash at the end of when you're exiting the parking  garage and you'll have to pay $20 to clean your car off of the ash and you'll pocket another 20.
  There wasn't any ash on.
 I don't know that.
 You got hey you gotta you gotta you want to leave the  parking garage right? Pay the 20 to get your car cleaned.
 The audience the park attendees spoke  loud and clear the ability to leave the park is an ability that they value above any other  and that's why we're gonna finally put a spotlight.
 The story of the story of leaving.
  The story of exiting.
 The story of exiting began with the first chapter of entering the garage.
  We're so excited to see our guests complete the story of exiting.
 To give them the privilege of  the $40 exit fee.
 What's like what have we not talked about in terms of like panels?  Maybe the last few panels.
 No I think we covered the comic.
 Oh sorry.
 Didn't we? Yeah.
  No let's uh I mean maybe the things to focus on here like what we know is is uh is changing at least  a little bit.
 The the the big one I think is um well okay the the trolley's gone the trolley's  already been gone for a long time they're ripping the tracks out.
 So there's gonna be no even visible  awareness that there was once this jolly trolley at any point in time.
 There's also a thing called  Toon Park which is an odd little area.
 Did you guys ever see that when it was open?  It was like five uh plastic shrubs.
 It was very it was very strange and depressing  I feel and uh like a real park might be better.
 Weird it was weird.
 Okay.
 Um so that's gonna be  a big open space.
 A lot of this also seemingly is about getting the current the the new shorts  version of Mickey and Minnie places as best as they can because it seems like Disney is committing  to this is how we're representing Mickey and Minnie it's how they're represented in the ride.
  It's not the 90s version of Mickey it's this new those these manic shorts that I think are really  great.
 Um so I think there's a statue getting torn out that's more of a 90s Mickey.
 I think you're  gonna start seeing like other just iterations of those current Minnie Mickey and the other characters  around.
 Yeah there was um oh is it still up because I didn't go last is the there was a sign  with using the new versions of Mickey and Minnie that was kind of funny that was basically like  this like there's nothing to see here essentially.
 Yeah like what giant building on the construction  walls on the construction wall.
 Yeah which was funny and then that yeah um which I think that  was after there was all those videos just out of like destruction happening in Toon Town.
  We're like which I hate look there's a lot to blame Bob.
 I know it was a Bob Chapek's fault that he  was just like demolish Toon Town in front of the children.
 Gather more children make them watch.
  Which also downtown Disney I was I I had walked down there not long ago and you can just there's  a really crazy looking piece of construction by where um Sugar Boo was in the Starbucks where  you're like oh that's it looks like a missile hit that like it's it's really like visible like in the  Chapek era he doesn't not not mind you seeing like building destruction um.
 Yeah I mean the  elements were kind of destroying Toon Town for a long time already like I I first saw it when I  first went to the park in 2006 and like you know that doesn't rain that often in southern California  but the sun is kind of merciless like and and they I think they ran into the same problem similar to  what the problem they ran into at Islands of Adventure with Seuss Landing where it's like trying  to transport a color scheme from uh children's books or uh animated you know shorts and stuff  and painting buildings that like either a flat color or a very bright color it just fades almost  immediately it seems like you know.
 Yeah in my memory Toon Town was only looked super colorful  and vibrant for a couple years and then they sort of stopped trying to keep up.
 That's like yeah  that's the that's the thing you really have to keep up when you're doing a cartoon  environment thing like the only part of Disney Sea like that looked a little bit weird was the  Little Mermaid area which is very like cartoon colors and I'm wondering like I'm wondering how  like um Nintendo Land in Japan has stood like like is it still is it already yeah fading a little bit  or are they I assume they they're keeping they have to keep that up pretty hard at least initially  so yeah that that stuff feels like it doesn't I guess it's because everything else if it looks  like it's kind of rooted in the real world it can fade a little bit and it's okay.
 You don't notice  but yeah when it's the brightest when it has to look as yeah bright as a cartoon you're always  going to notice when the sun is taking that shine away.
 Yeah and I think um I'm sure the agreement  is even stricter with like the Nickelodeon lands but I think the agreement with like the Seuss  uh family or the Seuss estate is like every every few years they have to paint like every five years  or something because they do do upkeep there I think they honestly do it more than Toontown.
  Yeah yeah because the the guys all uh the widow I think was pretty strict about like if I'm gonna  let you do this you have to do it correctly.
 She said no more live action movies and keep that  paint fresh.
 Yeah keep it yeah.
 What are the two things she wanted? The Mike Myers cat scared me.
  So uh other stuff that is I think we're not losing but it is changing uh Goofy's Bounce House.
 Goofy's  Bounce House which we've never talked about that length in general I don't think um this is one  of these things if I if I didn't say this at the top when this when Toontown was about to open  I was so abuzz about I was thinking about it night and day I was so excited to get to go to  Toontown.
 It's one of the first times I remember having dreams about Disneyland.
 Wow.
 I had dreams  about what Toontown was going to be like I don't remember the specifics of the dream but I remember  an extremely long tunnel oddly like the one you were describing.
 Oh yeah yeah.
 I don't remember  what was in the two it was just a there's a weird claustrophobic tunnel and then I think Mickey's  full face filled it like it was actually terrifying.
 It entered to Chris Angel's Las Vegas show.
  You entered through a giant Mickey head.
 Wow.
 It was real and you went into his body.
  I thought about Toontown so much there was even this mall tour by the way do you know about the  Toontown mall tour? No.
 There was a tour that went from city to city and covered like 40 malls.
 Wow.
  That brought up like huge Toontown sets and a little show with the characters that ran five  times a day.
 There's I don't have a there's not a clip of this that is good and funny enough to play  on this podcast but if you want to watch just the most like mundane sizzle reel showing the investors  at Kodak how successful the mall tour was this is on YouTube.
 I think it's called Mickey's Toontown  tour presented by Kodak at the channel JPL productions.
 So Monday you get to see like and  then the the builders got to work.
 We built this city and then like boy and the audience  you know in all the markets found that this event was simply irresistible.
  Really great mundane.
 It was in Chicago by the way at the Stratford Square mall.
 Do you have any  fond memories of Stratford Square? Very fond memories of Stratford Square yeah.
 Oh boy.
  That was I know Woodfield has your heart it has all of our hearts.
 Stratford Square was actually  a little bit shoot maybe I'm mixing it up with Spring Hill.
 Stratford Square I believe was the  mall though that had the waterfall movie theater.
 Wow.
 Which was a you would walk through like a  waterfall to get to your theater and look out into the mall and there was water and it was like the  coolest thing.
 That sounds like the best place that's ever been built.
 That's incredible.
 And I  was I was there I saw actually you know what funny enough I saw Uncut Gems there like three years  ago.
 Wow.
 Still got the waterfall? No gone.
 No water.
 Damn.
 That's that's all gone and the theater's  like up on the third level and it's less.
 That's more depressing than the events of the film  Uncut Gems.
 Yes.
 Anyways but I this tour I remember like I didn't I never got my act together to  convince my mom to take me to the tour and I thought about it I still think about it sometimes I'm  still like really should have gone to that mall tour.
 I don't want to go to the mall tour.
 So  so badly did I want Tastes of Toontown and all any all of that to say Goofy's Bounce House was the  thing I was looking forward to the most because if you never got to experience this you go into  Goofy's living room in his crazy topsy turvy house and everything in there is inflatable.
 His  chairs and his credenza and his lamp everything so you can literally bounce off of the walls and I  remember thinking imagining what this was going to be like for me when I get in there and you imagine  the version where you have where you have flubber and you are just like soaring around you are  bounding effortlessly.
 I feel like I imagine that I would be better at the bouncing than all the  other kids and they would be looking up at me like whoa did he practice how is this guy so I was  gonna be the employees would applaud when I was done instead I got in there and was just winded  within four seconds.
 Oh no.
 It was so much more like a bit painful and annoying and the possibility  of elbows flying from every which way you had like a limited amount of time like a buzzer goes  and then you got two minutes to bounce as much as you can I don't remember the actual amount of time  but I just remember it being like so sweaty and dark and disappointing and my parents like so and  I'm like yeah yeah good it was fine.
 How old so how old yeah five what are you five-ish? No older  than that probably seven eight or nine or something oh eight or nine yeah yeah I mean I'm about I love  a bounce house uh you I assumed before that too if you have a kid had a birthday we never had one for  my birthday but like if sometimes kids would rent one which was like how is that possible um and I'm  trying to think where else they would be.
 Well um uh like vacation towns they're very popular at the  amusement parks at the Jersey Shore.
 Oh yeah right right right we would do that yeah because those  were obviously did those have more surface area than Goofy's because it looks small when I look  at this a little small yeah which is like yeah you would think it would be big because it would need  to accommodate a lot of kids yeah um now these bounce plays these trampoline zones that fill up  all the dead malls uh these are massive spaces.
 I guess that's the innovation I was just thinking  like I feel like there's not a lot of bounce house innovation for kids but there has certainly  been a trend of like how do we make these bounce houses for these older millennial or these  millennials with disposable income.
 There are some yeah crazy ones you can rent or buy yeah I think  we looked there's like a Millennium Falcon one that might have been like two stories you can get  which is pretty wild and then yeah they sometimes they look almost like um what's the show Wipe Out  or something there's like a crazy kind of obstacle course that's inflatable but oof I still uh we  a friend of ours had a bounce house at a party a couple years ago and Anthony Gio and I just  did wrestling moves the whole time on it it's still good still so good yeah I was in some bounce house  scenario with my son uh for a lay was like a it was like a 10-15 minutes might be the best moment  of having a child oh yeah just laugh at euphoria yeah all the pictures are like wow I don't think  I've seen myself that's happy yeah ever bounce house truly can be special places although even  in that uh I like came very close to hurting myself very badly oh yeah guys when you did it  no not in that instance I'm not actually like cool like difficult though in the way am I crazy  to find the bounce houses to be very exhausting they would be tired I remember being a kid and  they would be tiring yeah I don't remember ever like hurting myself me isn't it look as an adult  I'm sure it's very possible you've heard me talk about the Achilles tendons I am having issues with  although that's doing better now that I got better shoes so I'm not I'm sure I'm sure something  could happen but when we were in that bounce house a couple maybe we were just so good at  doing professional wrestling moves that there was no problem we were so safe with each other  good enough so if you're good in a bounce house you're a safe worker yeah I'm very safe yeah I'm  like Brett Hart I never hurt anybody in the ring in the bounce house um you know what's maybe you  know if I have some slightly anti-bounce house feelings at all maybe as well maybe I had some  trouble when I was a goofy bounce house kind of winded me and then years later uh in a relationship  that that uh ended long ago I was cheated on in a bounce house oh wow like there was a party that  I left and then I came back to it unexpectedly oh no there was a lot of like oh you scots oh uh huh  well here why don't you uh wait here for a month and at that moment oh my god there was a hookup  occurring in a bounce house wow holy crap now defiling now it's all clear now it's pretty clear  that maybe it's like a psychosomatic thing when you get in a bounce house these days even  like you just start to feel pain it's like a deep pain you're feeling because of this like memory  it's much more like a betrayal house than a bounce house well they literally they look like surreal  dream versions of a house in the way the dreams it's always like it was my house but not my house  that's why what is in my head like it's this like bulbous yeah unsettling right tim burton-esque  environment where they're evil to me were they both jumping up and down and kissing on the top  of their jumps i hope that's all it was uh-huh seems like more than that would be tough to line  up yeah seems pretty tough uh dangerous too depending on what position we're thinking uh  do you think this is what happened with walt and clare bell in goofy's house  where like horace was out so oh gosh are just a second horse you don't want to go in there  oh you don't want to see that you you'd want to take a look at my garden for a sec  oh that noise oh i don't know probably just does crows in the chimney let me get you a drink  scotch and soda i've ever said you're a handsome feller i don't compliment you enough for us that's  not walt's cup whereas my goofies are really turning into like slim pickings  is  mind you i had it for about two words i think my first the first thing i said i was like this is a  pretty good goofy you're doing and then i completely lost it as soon as we both thought yeah well this  is to see whether it be goofy voices or wrestling moves just don't ever question it that's a good  point yeah and listen and don't no uh hookups and bounce houses okay no i can speak to on the other  end yeah how it feels and i bet that's how it felt for horace whenever he found out too i bet it yeah  i bet it is walton is cow mistress  anyway uh so good tear it down i don't want any i don't want to do goofy's bouncer  it's being reimagined is what it says and i don't know how i don't know what it's  because it's just been a regular house for some yeah normal i don't know what they're doing with  it i think the gag factory seems like it's on the chopping block if it hasn't been oh that's gone  all right that's been gone for a while because of the thing um do you guys know what goofy's  bounce house is in japan this is a sort of recent thing that they know the only thing i know about  japan is that there was a massive entrance to tootown like a giant like hanger right or like a giant  overhang kind of thing no you're thinking of main street is where there's like there's like a big  like do you just walk into i believe oh i just mean i think i mean the sign's like a lot bigger  oh maybe i'm not sure um it's all well one one weird thing is it's reversed it's the exact same  physical layout of disneyland toontown but just flipped so if you go one way you think you're  going to roger rabbit but you're actually going to mickey's house you kind of enter towards the  middle too but otherwise it's so it's like a full mirror version right but also a long time ago  they got rid of they've gotten rid of all of the weird stuff that was hurting people right too and  it's it's i wonder if this is what they're going to do in disneyland it has been what is it called  it's called goofy's paint and play house and what it is is a kind of a stationary midway mania  it's the same devices it's a it's a string that you're pulling back and forth and you're with  projection mapping your live painting is house and causing a bunch of chain reactions and  cartoon violence and stuff stuff's falling over and flipping over and it looks pretty good so  maybe that is what they're going to do that's a good idea and i would say that that might be a  fun idea that seems fun seems like a plus up um did you guys come across toontown morning badness  a show that they did well this was it was it was two parts there does seem to be a show that would  kind of open toontown for the morning where the deputy mayor of toontown there's always a deputy  mayor introduces the mayor of toontown which is mickey mouse i didn't realize he had been given  mayor yeah he's a mayor okay uh lives there yeah yeah yeah mayor uh so this was uh you you would  get uh like let's say the park open at nine you would get an extra hour so from eight to nine  if you had booked through the disney travel company or triple a you would get this extra  hour the only thing is like you would have to enter you didn't you still entered the park like  touring plans that are run down on this where it's like if the park opens at eight a.
m but toontown  would open at nine you you would be led into the park with everyone else so by the time you trekked  back to toontown your hour was not a full hour it doesn't start from the time you get there it's  start you have to walk over well it starts with like whenever they open the gates so you still  have to like get through the line and then walk all the way back yeah yeah and this in fear as a  noted opponent of long walks as soon as you get to disneyland sure from my recent ailments but uh  yeah no i just think it's funny that it's just like you're having to explain it's like look i  booked a vacation package through the walt disney travel agency like that's probably why they  got rid in 2013 they just started doing those extra magic hours for like all resort guests  like on-site resort guests right so they got rid of it donald's boat i don't know what they're  doing to that exactly but it's um they you know that had a slide that they don't do anymore  so that's already that's been kind of scaled back yeah time so i don't know what that means to say  hopefully something neat happens there or it's going to be just a different color and the slide  still doesn't work very very possibly yeah um gadgets go coaster i believe is turning into  something else i saw that deep in an article probably a retheme right um but he's staying  a coaster like it's it's the form yeah i think it'll still be that track we rode that with griffin  right when he visited and i i don't think i had done it before and i was like oh it's pretty  pleasant little family coaster like if i was less for 15 seconds it's the shortest thing but it's  a really as soon as it's over like yeah that was it i get it for like a little kid is like their  first coaster like oh get a little taste of it but yeah yeah but um yeah they're not going to do  they're just going to call i mean there is this chip and dale movie coming out and i assume  gadgets because monterey jack is in the movie have they revealed the plan with gadget but i don't  know what the plan with gadget is do you know the plan i don't know i don't know but i have been  thinking this is if if the idea here is we're getting rid of gadget because people don't know  gadget anymore right from rescue rangers you're right it's odd to do that right before there's a  move maybe it isn't maybe they aren't taking her out i think i would be disappointed because  i would i i could admit that gadget is probably or was let's say was probably uh-oh primary cartoon  oh wow wow so many late episode revelations here this must have come  talking about real dating history wow gadget never would have cheated on me in that bounce  i was interested interesting gadget was very cool i like gadget yeah i like all the rest of her mind  you see sure i'm not accusing you of anything i'm just saying gadget had a cool vibe from the show  i could see that yeah um i feel like it was the vibe that i was attracted not the the mouse  test not that she was a man i'm not otherwise attracted to mice i swear and i know that i just  said that sentence and that makes it seem like that's not the case does seem like we're not  putting any pressure on you to like force you to say something like that but that just came out i  just want to put that out there that you offer that up on your own yeah because that's what you do  when you don't yeah you know it's the look and the you know she's got cool hair i don't think  this is that unheard i think this is within the realm of uh you know fox robin hood or um is it  roxanne from the goofy movie oh yes yeah sure yeah right yeah well they're anthropomorphic they have  human voices you know it's uh i look i don't think the attraction to roxanne is based on a  big wet nose i don't think that's why well i can't speak for everyone yeah i was not i didn't i was  not interested interested in me me little flu when i was younger uh she was only in the oh no she was  i think in the cartoon too yeah she was in the cartoon and the comic um i'm trying to think  jason are there any king features into the kit or pop by characters you would like to clear the air  and say that you're not you weren't into them oh i wasn't into okay i was gonna say like you  absolutely were i had a crush on blondie but of course she's take and that i don't think she'd  ever leave dagwood so um that's why nobody is giving these rights to disney because walt was  dagwood was all right afraid walt wouldn't right he knows walt's reputation and tune time yeah he  heard uh i'm trying to i'm really trying to think of all the disney afternoon characters who was i  most attracted to uh let's think here um magica dispel maybe from duck tail no no maybe pete's  wife on goof troop what was pete's wife wasn't her name peg peg from goof troop what was her  vibe she was just kind of like a like a mom like a cool mom peg from when i hear that i think of  like don't you know but that's bobby's mom on bobby yeah yeah i don't know i don't have such a yeah  you remember peg come on scott peg's wife yeah i don't know i this isn't such a strong memory of  anything i'm just trying to figure out um she's you know she's very much mom it's a mom style  because she's like an old saloon dress in this photo yeah i mean one or two channels over i mean  you had um the batman animated series with catwoman every catwoman i think has been someone's crush  well yeah when you get to when yeah when you get to like i'm trying to think of like pre sort of  like puberty things like because like i really like when i'm 12 and 13 like you love every ex  woman on the x-men that's not weird yeah but i'm trying to think of that weird thing where  your like brain is starting to like get confused it's like seeing a half human half animal and  it's like why do i feel yeah yeah by the way in google imaging for peg from goof troop this is  a tweet from 2018 from the user jacksblade fitness and the tweet is you ever realize peg from goof  troop pete's wife openly cheated on her husband with goofy numerous times and there are a bunch  of photos what of her kissing and this is the one because here she's a little more revealing  right like this is like a cocktail dress and she is laying it on uh goofy in glasses are these real  yeah i think so i mean or else they were expertly vhs aged wow what is that i mean i really just  threw that out i don't have such a strong memory of all the storylines i go through moments  technically that he pulled but maybe there were more um jeez we're finding out who all the all  the cheaters are in the disney world i pete seems like he checked out a long time he was a bad guy  oh he's yeah he doesn't seem available emotionally for weeks at a time yep right that's a perfect  comparison where are you going none of your business i i thought of the the older uh a crush  because i i mean so so many of like the the women on disney afternoon it's like we're like very  young yes but yeah yeah the the age that i would have been like pre-nick to i mean because i feel  like the characters on doug were more like human like but penny from inspector gadget she had a  lot of gumption yeah but that's a human child that's a child you're looking for more answer  from more of it i'm just trying for animals so it's not weird jason yeah yeah yeah right i'm  just trying to the animals yeah the only acceptable answers are animals yeah because robin yeah fox  robin hood that's what really fucks with us as little kids is is that type of thing was the  good was the girl one yeah was marrying attractive yeah she was cute oh there you go you're pretty  sure about that you know what you've listened to over 300 episodes of this podcast and we never  like we don't like talk about women except now this episode when we're talking about half animal  half women oh what's her face uh from the rescue ranger or not the rescue ranger the rescuers  oh oh uh bianca yeah the other is a good boy come on jason know your goblets  i mean i was i did watch a lot of gobor based content looking back jaja gobor is their careers  jaja gobor was miss minerva on the 60s batman ava gobor was bianca bianca rescuer uh you should know  these things so anyway who everybody i was about to you know what i was about to call for the  listeners to tell us but don't we don't hang don't yeah we really want to i don't know i don't want  to open this box holding these all day yeah no no thank you theirs will be so much weirder than  ours yeah all perfectly ours are perfectly acceptable mice stairs are normal brushes on  um so don't take a gadget out of the park do take all the bounce house stuff bounce houses are evil  missus i was attracted to mrs potts  is that true no no no that's just a little joke the duster or the now the duster  duster all agree we can all agree if everyone's allowed to answer that question if they just post  pictures of the duster yeah yeah everybody's our feed is 300 you are opening a pandora's box with  that you i have yeah bet i could find duster stuff in a few minutes yeah we know don't even  don't will it into existence um i feel like we where do we go from there we could say dry  things about how they're changing this this land but why would we want to yeah yeah um i would food  leaves a lot to be desired it always has i wonder if they're gonna do anything with that yeah there's  a pluto hot dog place and a um a frozen yogurt at one point in time but if any of these been  open in the in the recent past at all i don't think some of them some of the stuff did not  reopen after the pandemic reopening um yeah i mean if you put some of the stuff from florida where  you you know they have different colored like cones with like soft serve and they add some  sprinkles or like a little white chocolate like character or something well now you're getting  into your crushes well now i'm getting into my crust but that seems like an easy like an ice  cream stand with like you know fun ice cream back in to town seems like a slam dunk and not like i  think probably you don't want to have a meal back there is your answer the the characters from the  let's all go to the lobby is there like a sexy ice cream cone  so  i don't go to the lobby with you follow you anywhere i mean we're done right you're done  there's probably other things about toon town because we like boy we got caught in the lore  there if we missed anything you want to hear us talk about it we could break off into its own  episode certainly let us know and also we figured out we've got all these different so many mickey  lands to get through yeah so uh let us know uh what we didn't do so that we could talk about  um mickey and his nixon relationship and uh and walt's cartoon cheating um you can find us on the  socials at podcast the ride merch is available in our t public store and for three bonus episodes  uh check out podcast the ride the second gate at patreon.
com podcast the ride there's something i  have also that's me that i think is like an epilogue probably but it's also and i think it's  applicable because it's in the realm of you know you're talking attraction between cartoon  characters this was expressed uh beautifully uh in a song in a song from 1929 okay uh the song is  called minis you who uh the reason i'm bringing it up is there was there was some uh toon town  video i was watching that said oh the song that's playing right now is minis you and that was a hit  song for the disney company in 1929 it was the first uh song that disney released sheet music  for which was of course the way that you bought music before music was available to actually  listen to um uh so anyway minis you who um i'd heard of this song definitely it's like oh like  what are the what are the old classic disney so i even maybe had some book with minis you but i  never pull it up and listen to it um and and i i have to play it um if you i'll play it and then  i'll maybe describe what uh mickey's what he looks like or whatever uh okay here here now  1929's minis you who  when does he have consumption we're looking at like the the toothiest mickey yeah you've ever  seen he's like he's kind of jokerfied he's a very jokery yeah 1920s mickey who all right we got  through one weird mickey voice earlier what is this this is this is it's also like very old he's  like an 80 year old mickey like a like he's human aged 80 years old if you look up who is doing this  voice like is it is that walt yeah walt voice mickey back then and the answer is no it is an  unknown studio employee wow he wrote it down this is how much they didn't care about mickey in the  early days who should we have to mickey i don't know that guy does he work here i don't know  does he work anywhere he's not gonna ask for any money so let's go  oh yeah  him calling himself the guy is very unsettling this is like there was a guy like on his deathbed  and they were like let's look at this guy do mickey because he'll die before we have to pay him he's  lived a hard life yeah he is look how haggard this man is whether it is faces how old is he he's 32  oh god what happened an old timer let him be mickey once uh then there is the opportunity  and you guys feel free to take this opportunity to sing along okay but a very frightening mickey  bursts through the like a black wall it well the way he opens the curtain and leers is like it  feels like you're looking like it's morning and you don't know what happened to you the night before  and then the doctor from the human centipede oh no hello good morning uh this thing is so scary  but then like all right you sing along and uh and the lyrics are on screens and early the first  karaoke perhaps but the voice they leave in here is like what the fuck was music in the 20 like  all of any of us you plop us into 1929 exactly as we are with our current level of singing  and the physical fitness and we would all be the most dynamic star in the world we're here all  straight to the top uh anyway here i'll play all this till we get get tired of it  now everybody sing ready go  Ooh  Me sing this song  That was the  If this were 1929 right that that would have been the best song ever right?  Perfect guy you know right singers from this into my Bonnie lies over the ocean my Bonnie lies over the sea the audience  Was just like lose their mind  They're unbuttoning the top button of like the fourth shirt.
 They're wearing  Ten times Beatles on Ed Sullivan  This raw sexuality I can't handle it  All right, bye bye bye  This has been a forever dog production  executive produced by Mike Carlson  Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts calm and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts  Spotify or wherever you get your podcast keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  At forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook