 Welcome to Podcast The Ride of the Second Gate, the podcast that will marry your ears to laughs.
  My name is Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan here as well.
  I'm sorry, I should have, as soon as I said I didn't have anything to start the episode,  I thought of something old, something new, something Disney, something blue.
  See, that's not even fully cooked yet.
  That wasn't cooked, yeah.
 Mine was more cooked than that.
  Maybe your thing has been disproven already.
  Yeah, maybe Scott got in her head an idea and he said I should go with my intro and  I went, I said that thing you just heard.
  Mine's a little deep because it requires you to maybe have watched some of the show we're  talking about, Disney's Fairy Tale Weddings, and my idea was to try to open it like the  host of the show Twitch might open it.
  So you imagine me walking out of the castle with you guys, I guess, and I'm like, you  know they say that love is a many-splendored thing and there is no limit to the amount  of splendors you and I have shared, babes.
  And then I call you babe an aggressive amount, which I'll just try to do throughout the show.
  Sound good, babe?  Yeah, it sounds good to me.
  I do it to give Twitch and Allison credit.
  They were more charismatic than Ben and Lauren.
  Oh yeah, who got shafted seemingly.
  Yeah, yeah, there's been a reason they didn't come back.
  I think I know the reason.
  What is their story?  Is it bad?  No, I don't think it's bad bad.
  No, Ben Higgins and Lauren Bush now were both on The Bachelor and they did get married for  two years and then at the moment they are no longer married.
  At the moment, so you're saying maybe.
.
.
  Love like a boomerang, you never know when it comes back around.
  Oh, that's one of the ones I watched.
  There's a big long, very dramatic break between the first stint of relationship and the latter.
  Okay, yeah, some human interest.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, that's what you get into with this show.
  We're talking about Disney's Fairy Tale Weddings, which is a show.
.
.
  It's the show and not the idea of the Fairy Tale Weddings, which is a service that they  offer, but the ad is a giant.
.
.
  I just called it an ad, right?  The show is a big ad for that service.
  So, mine is the same thing.
  Ad and show are the same.
  Yes, it is an ad.
  It tries to take.
.
.
  It tries to.
.
.
  I mean, this is a cover of Common with Disney specials in the last so many years, but it  tries to take any personality out of anything.
  It tries to literally just show you some sort of emotional moment with the family and then  just how wonderful this very expensive wedding would be on one of their properties.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I think a big thing for me that sucked it out of the room was whenever regular people  had to go like, well, we're getting married at Pandora, the world of Avatar, or we got  engaged during Happily Ever After, a nighttime spectacular.
  They didn't just say, this nighttime show.
  This show, they project on the gas.
  No, do it again.
  Say it again.
  This is the branding.
  Say it again.
  Okay, no, no, no, no.
  You didn't do it with the space of.
.
.
  It's the long dash, not the little dash.
  It was a long space between Happily Ever After and a fairy tale.
.
.
  What is it?  A fireworks celebration.
  A nighttime spectacular.
  No, a nighttime spectacular.
  Say it again.
  Yeah, there's.
.
.
  They're cracking a whip.
  There's a moment of flight of.
.
.
  You can see someone hiccup or something, like a Pandora.
.
.
  The world of Avatar.
  They get it, but that was the best take, even though they kind of like, fuck, I can't just  say Avatar land.
  That's really the main thing to talk about, honestly, which I think this came over in  an episode once before.
  This is aggressive branding of.
.
.
  Because in one of the episodes, I think this is in season two, there is a couple that makes  Disney history by being the first couple to be married in Pandora, the world of Avatar.
  Who calls it.
.
.
  Who has ever said this out loud?  James Cameron has not, unless they made him for PR purposes.
  But he regularly doesn't refer to it as that, you would assume.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's because it's not that to him.
  The Na'vi, and the world of Unobtanium, and the world of the Na'vi children who we will  meet.
  It's my world, he says.
  What's the name of one of these subsequent Avatars?  The Seed Bearer?  The Seed Bearer?  Yeah.
  It's Avatar, if you want to call it Avatar, the world of the Seed Bearer, then sure, that's  narratively correct.
  Right.
  But they aren't Avatar.
  There's only one Avatar there, if they're lucky, and that's Jake Sully.
  That's right.
  But even he's not an Avatar anymore.
  Yeah.
  Sorry, just parsing the line.
  No, no, I understand.
  Yeah.
  And then they, I do wonder, has anyone out there ever, I'm asking the listeners now,  have you ever referred to it, the full name, not as a bit?  Have you ever said Avatar, the world of Panda, whatever it's called, I've already forgot.
  But if that's a thing you regularly say, please let us know, because I'm curious.
  Doesn't count if you also have a theme park podcast.
  If you also have a theme park podcast.
  Oh, doesn't count, yeah.
  Doesn't count.
  That's true.
  And if you have one of those and you're like us, then you probably aren't saying it right.
  That's true.
  Probably actively messing it up every time.
  Yeah, so this show, this has not been on the air for a little bit.
  This is a few years ago.
  You don't see any masks in this show.
  Yeah.
  Right, this is kind of like 2017, 18, and it was on free form before it was archived  now on Disney+.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  There were some specials.
  There were some.
  It started with these bachelor people, started with that.
  What I learned, I thought it would have been like, ah, this will be one hour.
  And I was like, oh no, this was made to fit a 90 minute block of air.
  Because the show does get shorter, oddly enough, when it goes to TV seasons.
  Like the second season, which aired.
  It's only half hours?  It's like 40, 37 minutes.
  So they were trying to fit that into an hour slot.
  But the first bachelor one where they follow four couples, I'm like, this is too long.
  This is just too much.
  I was a little despondent because the hosts were not really helping move anything along.
  Yeah.
  So you're right about Twitch and Allison being superior.
  Yeah, more charismatic.
  And it's funny because as this show goes on, they also start showing up at the planning  sessions.
  They also like, hey, Twitch.
  Yes.
  Well, it feels like those would show up if it was like a place they, well, if it's in  LA, if it's only Disneyland, or if it's a place they just wanted to be.
  Maybe Twitch wanted to see Alaska.
  So he got on the cruise.
  Allison was busy.
  But Twitch is still, is he still the DJ for Ellen?  Okay.
  I was like, who are Twitch and Allison were both on.
  So you think you can dance.
  Twitch apparently was the DJ and then kind of became the unofficial sidekick of Ellen.
  At some point, I think she made him co-executive producer of the show.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  And he was her sidekick, I think on another show, one of those prime time shows.
  One of those game shows.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  Wouldn't know.
  I don't usually watch Ellen clips that don't involve Dakota Johnson fucking her shit up.
  Where Zach Galifianak is uncomfortably in the audience.
  That's a great clip.
  Yeah.
  Refusing to dance.
  Yeah.
  Glaring from the audience.
  Oh yeah.
  That's all right.
  That's our Ellen watching summed up.
  Yeah.
  So two seasons of the show, we, I don't think anybody watched all of it.
  I think we just said in this case, let's just like, everybody do a smattering and we'll  see what we come in with.
  But what's the typical thing?  Especially you said it was exhausting because there were four couples in the show.
  It's two and we're bouncing back and forth.
  If we haven't said this, obviously it is couples getting married or in some cases just popping  the question or renewing their vows in exotic Disney branded locations, not just Disneyland  and Disney World, but also the Adventures by Disney settings, the excursions that you  can do, the magical places that Disney can take you everywhere around the globe.
  Sure.
  Part of the signature experience wing of the company.
  Of course.
  Also a phrase everyone says.
  So yeah, it's, it's, they're big ads.
  This we know.
  They're very good.
  And like, of course everything we've watched our whole lives are ads, big ads, but they've  also included, you know, we're fond of these things where like, maybe you get like a fun  musical number.
  You see Regis being silly.
  They really don't, they don't give you, no, not really.
  And well, here's a question.
  Whenever you put it on, did you have any idea of what the show would be that isn't what  you got?  Cause I did a little, but you guys say what you think.
  My, my fear was that it was following people who had purchased the deluxe high end weddings.
  And I was going to start Googling and go like this hair to a gunpowder fortune.
  And it's, it's not, this is a very casted, this is a very casted reality casting kind  of show.
  I would assume these weddings were comped as part of the exchange of like, we get to  film you and your friends and family for hours, if not days and days at a time in exchange,  you get a free wedding and pentatonix shows up or the tenors, the tenors guy.
  You saw the tenors.
  So I think I got bored of the episode before the tenors appeared.
  Tell us about the tenors.
  Well, the tenors show up in, I forget which one.
  Holiday magic.
  Holiday magic.
  If you look this up on Disney plus, there's three categories of it.
  There's the main show, there's the original special and there's holiday magic.
  But I think there's a holiday magic later one that isn't on Disney plus.
  Why?  I don't know.
  Martina McBride would not clear the song.
  Are these Christmas weddings or Christmas that time of year wedding?  That seems like an unconsiderate choice to make for people.
  The tenors.
  We're getting married.
  You have to travel at Christmas time, but not for Christmas.
  Separate for a, it also feels like too many premises.
  Disney weddings at Christmas.
  You got a lot going on.
  That's yes.
  And the tenors are there as well.
  And the tenors are there.
  There are three guys who have tenor voices, much like the three tenors.
  Not the three tenors.
  These are not your dad's tenors.
  Not your dad's.
  They're younger tenors.
  Okay.
  They're not older tenors.
  They're younger tenors.
  The tenors have been around for like almost two decades and they are casted.
  A woman put them together and has fired and replaced tenors.
  So they're not, there are, if you look at past members, there are like 10 past members  of the tenors.
  That's a long list.
  So they used to be called the Canadian tenors and then they changed to just the tenors.
  They've been active since 2004.
  And if you look at the albums the tenors have put out, it's just covers of like, what was  it, what did they do?  They did the song from the, I Will Always Love You on the episode.
  But then they'll like, is there a song like, like he lifts, you lift me up.
  Groban jam.
  Yeah.
  I think they do stuff like that.
  They, I had it here, but my phone.
  I mean, there's no, you raise me.
  Yeah.
  There's no way they do a cover of Hallelujah.
  Oh, let me look.
  Statistically.
  They do lean on me though.
  Cause Pentatonix I learned sure does.
  What's there, can you imitate what they sound like out loud?  Can I forget?  Are they like, is that what you're looking at?  Yeah.
  In other words, they aren't doing like, no, they're not.
  That's Pentatonix where they do like a lot of like mouth percussion.
  No, there's no mouth percussion as far as I could tell from the tenors, unless that's  just a different thing they pull out for different song.
  It was like, and I will always love you like that type of a thing.
  Good.
  Yeah.
  That's a horrible.
  It's very warbly.
  One of them is very warbly and I really should have figured out who it is.
  Cause I was looking into, is it Frazier?  Is it Victor?  Is it Clifton?  I'm not sure.
  Frazier.
  Frazier, Walters, Victor, McAlef and Clifton Murray are the three tenors or no, these be  the regular tenors.
  The tenors.
  The tenors.
  I'm sorry.
  What is, I'm blanking on the name.
  What is the group that Ricky Martin came out of where they would do?  Menudo.
  Menudo.
  Wouldn't they cast Menudo too?  Wouldn't they swap Menudo members in and out?  Oh, yeah.
  Cause they'd outgrow it.
  Yeah.
  So there was a, he was kind of in the, like maybe pop peak Menudo.
  So Ricky kind of had a longer, like a more visible spot, I would say seemingly than other  people who just like got a four month stint and then their voice deepened when you're  out.
  Ricky, Ricky rolled the Menudo Keat into something.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I got the wrong start of it for sure.
  Is there, I don't, it seems like there's not a Ricky in tenors, but maybe you're not,  you're happy in tenors.
  I don't think so.
  They're a Canadian group.
  So it's possible.
  Some of them have had maybe more success in specifically Canada.
  But when I look at the list of, of former members, I don't, nothing pops to me at least,  but I could be ignorant.
  I do not know this type of music very well.
  That's what Frazier's doing.
  So low.
  Right.
  I'm not sure.
  The tenors, it's a perfect modern day Disney special group.
  Yeah.
  Safe as hell.
  Like grandma likes them and dad can appreciate the voice at least.
  Like it's, it's a perfect, you could, I could picture them on any of the specials Disney's  made in the last decade or two.
  I always feel kind of gaslit by the groups that appear on these things now because I'll  say, what is this?  I've never heard of this.
  And it's like, they've sold 90 million records.
  That was positive.
  You are ignorant, sir.
  Well, I don't know.
  You see like, you're like the piano guys are the biggest selling or like the biggest selling  tour and you're like, huh, what's this?  It's like four guys at one piano and it's like, mother's love the piano guys.
  And you're like, I've never heard of the piano guys.
  I have seen the piano guys.
  They're pretty, they're kind of silly.
  Yeah, no, I'm not against them.
  I'm just saying it was one of those where it was like, what is this?  Oh, it's like the, it's way bigger than anything I like.
  It's more popular than anything I like.
  So piano guys are real.
  That's not just a joke.
  Not a joke.
  You've never heard of the piano guys?  I had the experience in real time.
  Jason, they sold over 90 million albums.
  I don't know.
  The piano guys are the biggest.
  This is what I was saying about Yellowstone.
  I'm going to watch it.
  I haven't watched it yet.
  I'm going to, I promise.
  Every show that you watch, that is that you could fit, that's the, you can fit that entire  viewership 700 times into the viewers of Yellowstone.
  The guys, the guy who created it has got your name.
  Oh, is it the other Taylor Sheridan?  One of those Sheridan?  Yeah.
  Oh, that's right.
  Are you related?  I don't think so.
  He's doing spinoffs left and right.
  He can't hook up a relative.
  I'd love to pop in there.
  Stallone is on one.
  Tyler Sheridan doesn't answer the phone.
  Nicolette Sheridan doesn't answer the phone.
  No one answers.
  All the Sheridans have turned their bet.
  The hotels don't let you stay there for free because it's spelled differently.
  Sheridan Pierce from the One Day at a Time remake who I knew a little at UCB.
  I mean, she, that's different.
  That's the first person I ever met was Sheridan as first name.
  Oh, weird.
  Sheridan's, Sheridan's lookout for Sheridan's, please.
  Please.
  But so I get, I'm just, I think what I thought before watching this is that there might be  drama, maybe drama would be in it and that maybe, yeah, there is no, and there it's what  I've learned.
  There's nothing close to drama.
  These are all aspirational experiences where everything is perfect.
  It is a fairy tale.
  I can, cause I, I, I'm not a anti-reality TV.
  Obviously there's some of it's like exploitive or whatever and some of it's, well, reality  TV is fake for the most part.
  It's obviously manufactured.
  Jon Taffer might not be the smartest man in the world, believe it or not, even though  he's portrayed that way.
  What?  Get off of the podcast.
  Shut it down.
  I may have heard from people, personal interactions with him that he's not the smartest man, believe  it or not.
  Are you allowed to say this?  I guess, yeah.
  What happened?  I'm trying to think of there's even an example, but somebody was like, yeah, he's a, he's  an idiot and that show makes him look very smart.
  Does it?  Well, as he stomps around like a heavy and like in a stage play of Goodfellas.
  Yeah, I don't think he had a very like specific example.
  It was just like, oh yeah, he's, he's not smart man.
  He's not pleasant.
  No, haven't you seen the intro of the show?  There's numbers and shirts next to him when he, he's, he's, they wouldn't do that.
  If he was a beautiful mind guy.
  Well, I got confused because he lights the bottles from underneath, which he says people  like.
  Yeah.
  And he embraces solutions, not excuses.
  Exactly.
  And he always wants people to respect women.
  And he couldn't be lying about that, right?  I was duped.
  I was duped by a loud man on TV.
  I like my, one of my, I liked Honey Boo Boo a lot.
  That was a show I really liked because I honestly, it was like the family was charming.
  I think it's all turned very sad at this point from what I understand, but they were  like a funny family and like Mama June would call her vagina a biscuit and like everyone  would laugh.
  I don't know.
  They were like charming.
  You're describing a carnival show.
  Well, but I think it was, but this is a little different.
  This was like, they were like kind of charming.
  Yeah.
  It wasn't as much of a lie.
  I wasn't like, Oh, look at these freaks.
  It was just like, Oh, they're funny and weird in their own ways.
  But that, no, there's none of, they're not showing you like weird stuff from any of these  families.
  Not one bad thing that happens to anybody in this show.
  Maybe they discuss something that happened in their past, but that is to only make the  wedding more beautiful and special and poignant.
  I think I also thought, well, is this a kind of reality show where it's like extreme such  and such where you're obsessed so people would get married and like, imagine like somebody  coming out in a white tuxedo that has like 900 Mickey's all over it.
  Like people are kind of insane with their Disney love.
  But I feel like, do you think anyone in the show would understand anything we talk about  on this podcast?  This is a big thing.
  I don't think any of them are like, no, they're a big thing.
  There's one guy I think I got.
  I think we got it.
  Okay.
  So at least there's one.
  I also felt this where I was like, I don't think these like, I don't think like these  people are obviously Disney fans, but how hardcore in the parks?  Because if they were really hardcore parks people, there would be people like insisting  like I want to get married in the empty body wars building.
  Like you know what I mean?  Like they would be having much more outlandish.
  Reanimate Buzzy and he's the ring bearer.
  Because that's what I was actually maybe not really thinking that's what it would be, but  I was thinking it would be more a little bit along those lines where people would have  very specialized requests from care for characters or for locations.
  And like they did have the Pandora and there was somebody got married to the American Adventure,  but it was not as unusual as I would expect, especially for like lavish, expensive weddings.
  No, they're all just like nice settings, but it's not weird.
  Like you're not in the star tours line.
  And then there's a special message from C3PO on the big screen.
  If I'm, if you're going to drop $150,000 on a wedding, you're getting something.
  I want that.
  I want something like that.
  Yeah, it's something really unique and specific.
  But like what I've learned is because I went to the website for the fairytale weddings  and every one of these is just like a package they offer.
  Because one of the more unusual ones is the Tower of Terror that you're in the courtyard  under the Tower of Terror and you think, oh, is that going to be like, it's going to be  kind of like a kooky gothy sort of wedding?  No, they just made it look like a regular nice courtyard and they're all nice.
  I have no problem with any of these.
  But then you look on the website and like, oh, it's every bit of it, the way they arrange  the flower petals on the ground, the chairs are like none of these are some custom invented  for the show thing.
  Other than those special flourishes of like Pentatonix.
  Or the Stanley Cup.
  Yes, I don't believe they typically offer that the real Stanley Cup appears for hockey fans.
  But I did.
  I started cracking up when I realized what was about to happen.
  Like when they they walked down a line of hockey sticks held like nice swords and at  the end was the Stanley Cup.
  After a lion, after like a lion you would see like in a Chinese New Year parade.
  Yeah, the rest of it, that's a good, that might be the best wedding I feel.
  Those, I like those too.
  Yes, the couple's cool.
  The hockey passion is very sincere.
  They freak when they see the Stanley Cup.
  And there's not even, that's the thing.
  There's not a lot of freaking in this show.
  Right.
  A lot of just kind of like when I saw the coach pull up, I was like, wow, this is the  this is the thing I imagined to make my wedding day the most special.
  None of it is like, right.
  It's never besides that people going like, holy shit, this happened.
  Yeah.
  John and Emily was that couple.
  OK.
  And immediately I was on board because she said, I've been to Disney World three times.
  John has been 30 times.
  It's always been his dream to have a Disney World wedding.
  And she acknowledges like usually it's the bride who wants to do that.
  And I'm like, this has been this is interesting.
  Now you have my attention.
  And they picked an interesting venue.
  They picked the China Pavilion.
  He's Chinese, Chinese.
  The better that is a little more specific.
  That is that that was cool.
  And they I think the the human interest stuff interested me.
  The cultural traditions where like they do a Chinese tea ceremony, the Pandora couple  a couple jump the broom, which is a popular for African-American weddings in this country.
  I thought were interesting touches.
  Sure.
  And that was better than just like, OK, here's the coach.
  All right.
  Everyone feels like Prince and Princess.
  You know, I feel like at a certain point you could feel the people making the show go like,  oh, we can only talk about people feeling like royalty so many times.
  We have to.
  They started to get more stories where it's like, oh, we had a wedding plan and then we  had someone died.
  And so we just did a courthouse thing and we always wanted a big wedding.
  You know?  Yeah.
  There's an early one where you watch the it get solved, that it's going to be the castle.
  And it's this is what I'm talking about in terms of the person presents himself as the  biggest Disney fan.
  It's the most standard.
  Like, like, so what are we thinking in terms of location?  Well, something I've always really loved is the castle.
  I like standing under it and looking up at it.
  And when it gets lit up, I've always thought it was so magical.
  Well, I think we could do that.
  What?  When they told me that I was going to get married in front of the castle, I thought,  wow, this is my ultimate dream come true.
  There's nothing interesting about any of that.
  Nothing unique about one bit of it.
  Is that the one with rain?  Rain?  I don't know.
  So there's one where it rains or is there someone named rain?  There's a pouring rain, like Florida rain.
  There's a couple that were going to get married in front of the castle.
  First off, they're getting married at midnight.
  A lot of these weddings take place very late at night or at sunrise.
  Right.
  That's the deal.
  If you do this in reality and they stipulate on the site, like, just so you know, it's  going to be the timing.
  Yeah.
  Unless the money is real good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But that couple, they say they were getting married in front of the castle.
  The ceremony was set up halfway down Main Street.
  And so technically, the castle is in the background.
  But I'm like, is there a tarp covering Main?  Can they stop the rain?  Can they cover the rain?  Is that why they're not directly in front of the castle?  Is that what happening here?  Oh, maybe.
  But they didn't go into that.
  I would have thought they would have taken the opportunity to go like, and Disney weddings  are prepared for any inevitability.
  Well, yeah, because that would be a problem being solved.
  Right, right, right.
  This is what they are unwilling to show.
  That mixed with the this perhaps an obvious thing about it.
  Let me say really quick, people have suggested this topic when we threw out.
  Let's do what second gates do you want?  Amanda Hasaka threw it out.
  Thanks, Amanda.
  Great supporter of the show.
  And I realized also, Dashiell Driscoll, a friend from Funny or Die, mentioned it a long  time ago, too.
  And he brought up just to shout him out, quote his tweet.
  My only note is I could use a dollar amount ticker in the corner for every decision.
  I had the same thing.
  I had that thought, too.
  Yeah.
  Now, Jason, as you said, there's been a little bit of sleuthing done here.
  I believe that Disney pays for all of it.
  So while these are all things that you could technically make happen, we do.
  Probably you're not getting the stars.
  You're not getting Tori Kelly to come.
  OK, it's not on TV.
  But then also, yeah, the money amount, because that's fast and every like you are constantly  seeing decisions occur that like, OK, well, that's you just that's a house that you just  Yeah.
  All right.
  You can have that one house, please.
  A regular wedding in a regular place is so expensive.
  Yes.
  So multiply every this every like price that that costs by like 10.
  Yeah.
  Maybe 20, depending on what the ask is.
  Uh huh.
  But this is what like and it's what you would love to know in kind of if this were a different  kind of show, if it were a super sweet 16 sort of show where it would keep like, ching,  ching, ching, and then you get an amount at the end.
  But that's not what that's not what Disney's about.
  But not only that, you can't find like you can't find that anywhere.
  This show has, I think, like a press embargo around it.
  You can't find a review.
  Yeah.
  It mentions what what Dashiell said or what we're saying.
  You can't.
  There's no like we know there's nobody who's leaked.
  Like I did a Disney fairytale wedding.
  That doesn't occur.
  Like you're not allowed to.
  This is like military secrets, all this stuff.
  Yeah.
  All I know from I guess people there's like one person or two that I've known has done  like a version of this.
  But like, yeah, like characters are all a cart, essentially.
  If you wanted a character to show up and I don't know the dollar amount, I guess I can  add I can see if we can ask someone how much is it for like certain characters.
  I think certain characters are more than others.
  So there's like there's like a wine list of characters essentially that you can pick from  and you have to make a decision.
  I wonder, like, what do we think?  What do you think it is?  I don't know the answer.
  Like, what do you think it is to have Mickey show up at your wedding?  Well, Mickey would probably be the top, even though they have the most Mickey costumes.
  But maybe Mickey is he's still expensive, but maybe he's not as expensive as getting  like one of the rescuers.
  Honest John or something?  Blue in tailspin.
  Yeah, right, right.
  Exactly.
  They got to dig out of storage.
  Right.
  They have to really do.
  Yeah.
  So maybe that's more money.
  Yeah.
  Got it somewhere.
  I've seen pictures.
  Uh huh.
  Or Leonardo Columbus.
  Oh, if you want Leonardo Columbus to show up.
  Oh, described my art Disney fairy tale weddings would be so.
  I also thought, can I get on this lid?  I wish they were doing the show because I could like fool my way into this and before  we get married and I could like make them make it a big pain in the ass.
  Right.
  First say like, oh yes, our dream is to get married in Disneyland.
  What we want to do is get married, you know, in front of let's say, uh, what would be like  the space.
  You know, you know what you do is like, don't like leave it open ended, but you don't specifically  define it, but you say like, uh, you know, Disney, uh, Disney is a magical place and  where any, you can dream up anything.
  And we think that marriage is the ultimate, the next frontier.
  We're going to take things in the next year and we're just going to see where things land.
  So I don't know.
  You tell me where I should have my wedding.
  But then once we get into, sorry, once we get into the, like the details, I go, okay,  so what I really want is to happen.
  I want you remember Leonardo Columbus from, I want him to, uh, a zip line down from space  mountain.
  He comes during the ceremony, by the way, he comes in, uh, he knocks, uh, my bride to  be out of the way and he grabs my hand and says, we need to save the future.
  And then, and then he looks at two worlds plays.
  He gives me some kind of an orb, some sort of orb that is full of energy.
  Though the, the big robotic dinosaur rises up from out of the ground from the Epcot show  splash tackler.
  You remember you've got it somewhere.
  It's in storage.
  Go crack it out of the crate.
  I don't care if it's like, if you auction it off to somebody in North Carolina, go find  it.
  Go find it.
  We always wanted to get married on dinosaur and animal kingdom.
  And when the ride at the end stops, we want the dinosaur to come and roar at us.
  But instead of roaring, he says, I now pronounce you man and wife.
  I want the officiant to be the puppet people from the parade, from the millennium celebration.
  Okay.
  Now I have a, there's a guest that's there.
  His name is Jason Sheridan.
  I want the nightmare doll faced men from spectral magic to surround him in the middle of the  ceremony and carry him in a chair away and carry him out of the park.
  Beat the shit out of him in the beginning.
  Get a roll of quarters.
  I'll get quarters.
  A roll of quarters and beat him with them.
  You think we look weird, do you?  Who's weird now?  This is the, I would want this.
  I want like little antics during the ceremony with the various characters.
  This is what I would ask, especially if Disney was fronting, if Disney was paying for it.
  If we had like fooled them into like, oh great, these reasonable people want a nice standard  Disney wedding.
  Dream Finder and Figment do the ceremony.
  Dream Finder is trying to do it normally.
  Figment is mucking it up.
  Like the same, like saying bad snarky stuff, lewd stuff, farting.
  Three course meal, dig out the menus from spoodles cause everything's coming off there.
  Spoodles of course, the Italian restaurant on the boardwalk when it first opened.
  I want Michael Eisner to perform the ceremony.
  I don't care, get him.
  I know he doesn't work here anymore.
  Make it happen.
  This is where you run all of this game on them and then they just say like, do you want  the Grand Floridian or do you want the Polynesian?  Write an amount of money on this piece of paper and it better be, there better be at  least five numbers on there, if not six, and we will tell you where we will do it.
  Do you understand, sir?  I hope you enjoyed your jokes.
  Yeah, they'll be mad at me.
  And then they would edit out any fun.
  Cause that would all have been on camera, all those demands.
  Did we find anything in here that where it wasn't, they weren't able to zap it all, where  they weren't able to put it all through the bland machine?  Is there anything notable enough?  Dominique and Joe have like real strong Italian accents and that was a close.
  What else is up with their wedding?  Oh, nothing.
  It's a boring wedding.
  Where is it?  Hold on a minute.
  It's a shit.
  Are they the Philly people?  One of them works at Urban Coal House, which is a restaurant that the family owns.
  You got that detail, but not where the wedding.
  I can open up my Disney Plus real quick.
  Yeah, there's two locations.
  Joe is a police officer.
  Dominique is, she's a waitress and something else.
  By the way, let me tell you the point where I realized for sure that Disney pays for it  is that one of the, one of the grooms was telling their backstory and they were describing  a point in their life where they had to get a second job.
  I thought no one who would actually be able to afford this kind of thing has ever needed  a second job in their life.
  These are all people who are starting pretty high tier and only move up.
  Yes, that is, yes.
  I noticed that as well.
  That was what I was like, I wonder, do they pay?  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, but a lot of the people's jobs tell you and they aren't bad jobs.
  You hear a lot of normal jobs and you're like, hang on.
  I think people could not afford a $400,000 wedding.
  No.
  Yeah.
  No.
  The tenors are not cheap.
  There's a lot of military, but I think it's all, you know, under a certain rank.
  It's not the top brass who are raking in a lot of money.
  No five star generals got married.
  There's no five stars pulling in like six or seven fingers.
  They didn't do Mark Millay's wedding.
  What was that guy's name?  He's the Trump guy, wasn't he?  Oh yeah.
  Norman Schwartz gots.
  But there is.
  But there is Norman.
  And I've always been a big Disney fan.
  Wesley Clark didn't get married.
  Mark Millay, I think.
  He's the chairman of the joint chief of staff anyway.
  Okay.
  I'm looking for where they got married here.
  Okay.
  It's a holiday.
  It was a holiday.
  What was the, oh, okay.
  Did you, you found them, what was, that they were interesting?  I just found that they had like, they talk like this and I like to imitate it basically.
  I like, it was a fun voice to do and that's like as close as I could find to something  interesting.
  But you're saying they didn't communicate just by screaming at each other.
  No, they cut that out.
  Well that must've been hard to cut around in the editing room because I grew up around  a lot of people like that and they only know how to scream.
  Well they said like, oh, they go, oh yeah.
  They're like, well, she's always around family.
  All the family.
  Every night, every Sunday night, we're always with the study family members and they're  all here.
  All the family members are here.
  He's complaining about Sunday night dinner again.
  We see his family all the time.
  Oh, they were Grand Floridian it appears.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  That's, I could see why you'd forget.
  Like those ones are, and then also like, I'm sorry, but the, any Adventures by Disney  ones get out of here.
  I didn't want to, if I'm not looking at a fake rock, then why am I?  Right.
  I don't know.
  You can get married in Europe.
  Sure.
  Why am I?  Why is that on this show?  Almost any scene that where there wasn't a visible Disney park.
  I'm like, yeah.
  And 10 for 10 seconds.
  It 10 seconds.
  Unless you bring Leonardo Columbus to Europe or something, then what's the point?  Like if you're going to get like the entire Disney afternoon lineup or something.
  Yeah.
  Why?  Yeah.
  Bonkers isn't going to be there.
  Who gives a shit?  You know, that's what I, I mean, I say that a lot of, oh, yeah.
  I say that a lot about a lot of things, but especially these weddings.
  You're disappointed a lot.
  Bonkers isn't here.
  Who gives a shit?  Most of your life doesn't have bonkers in it, unfortunately.
  Most of my life does not have bonkers.
  Zero bonkers in this show, right, Michael?  Zero bonkers.
  I, yeah, I'm looking through my list.
  I don't, there's one where they added a little extra ad where it's.
  The copper tone?  No, I missed that one.
  Right here.
  You say yours F.
  Mine was that there's a little like, um, there are a few people are suddenly taking pictures  on some old sleek white camera.
  Then you hear people kind of mumbling.
  Whoa, that's so cool.
  Yeah.
  That's right.
  It's the HP sprocket or something.
  Yeah.
  It takes the picture to pictures print right away.
  All right.
  Then back to the, like it is deep embedded.
  What did copper tone do?  I think maybe it was in the, the long special, but there was like suddenly the host would  be like, and you know, lots of beautiful outdoor venues, but if you're outdoors, don't forget  sunscreen copper.
  And like, and then it was just a copper tone card.
  And then there were two of them.
  It happened like twice.
  I mean, weddings are so from my, my going to weddings, weddings are fascinating times  when things happen and people are stressed because they want it to be right.
  And people's personalities come out and you see the best of them and you see the worst  of them.
  I am so impressed at how bland they made it because you would have to not any wedding  I've ever been to.
  There's like 10 interesting things that happen leading up to it or like during the ceremony  or somebody's too, I mean, they're never going to say like somebody's too drunk at the Disney  wedding, but still I like, I'm so impressed at how they've managed to like completely  neuter these things.
  There is one, there's one groomsmen party and they're in a hotel room and they do a  cheers and they are holding glasses that appear to have brown liquor in them.
  It's never acknowledged.
  That's the most body.
  There was a,  Wait, wait, wait, are you saying, are you saying that in those glasses are Scott's favorite  term adult libations?  It's not a friend.
  I mean, it could have been Scott's other favorite libation on sweetened iced tea.
  So I also drink a lot of that too.
  So I mean, it'd be weird if they were just drinking shots of like a pure leaf.
  Don't get a kidney stone.
  If a relative got sick or too drunk or something, it would never be in there.
  Certainly would not be in there.
  There's everything you want to see that there's a wedding in the Italian pavilion and then  somebody has to run out and barfs in the bath tub.
  That's the interesting.
  You want to see somebody in the shadow of Spaceship Earth giving his best man speech  and doing the thing where he's telling too many embarrassing stories in a bad way.
  Like, yeah, like, you know, man, when we were with those women down in Houston, I told this  guy's never getting married, but because we spent so many weeks with these women, these  two strange women we had just met and I was like, you're not going to be able to give  up this life, bro.
  You ain't going to be able to give in.
  Look at this.
  He gave it up because he found abroad.
  You know what?  And like, because I've seen this happen before where like people misjudge a speech at a wedding.
  This happens all the time.
  Or like I've edited a best man speech before where I'm like, you got to take this out,  man.
  Six weeks in Houston.
  Got to go.
  So it's like 45 minutes before the speech and I was like, hey, read me the speech you're  about to give.
  Wow.
  You just had a feeling.
  Yeah.
  And I was like, this got to go.
  This has got to go.
  This wasn't, wasn't so bad, but I was like, these are, these got to go.
  You dodged the bullet.
  There was no stopping uncle Anthony from punching Ratatouille because he was still mad that  France didn't support us in the Iraq war.
  Yeah, that's the show.
  I mean, my goodness, that's a great idea.
  Yeah, God, I don't, I mean, the only thing you sometimes get some people who are like  fine.
  They seem cool.
  There's two women who love soccer and then their ceremony is performed by Brandi Chastain,  the famous soccer player.
  Sure.
  And she reveals herself by kicking a ball at them.
  Yeah.
  And she seems great.
  Great.
  Everybody seems great.
  Yeah.
  She got ordained to do that wedding.
  They said.
  That's pretty cool.
  That's cute.
  That's nice.
  You know what I actually realize now?  The closest thing to anything interesting is that in the episode with Taylor and Tyler  who got married about American adventure, they do say the word poop.
  Whoa.
  Right.
  Because she's getting her graduate degree.
  Yes.
  She works with like animal feces essentially.
  And they say poop a couple of times.
  And there's some of that like comedy music like fun, like, isn't this a funny little  thing or whatever.
  And I was like, well, that is pretty bawdy Disney.
  Okay.
  I have a couple of things about Taylor and Tyler though.
  One, the rotunda at the American experience.
  American adventure.
  American adventure.
  I just blanked on that.
  That's okay.
  That's, you have all of Epcot at your disposal.
  That's no.
  Where would you, what would you plus it up?  Where would you take them?  Well, no, I thought the ones like in the Italy pavilion and the even the UK pavilion, certainly  the China pavilion.
  I mean, Italy and China were looked pretty good.
  The British one was interesting because like all, everything was like edible.
  Like they had all these edible place settings and like.
  Well the Mexico pavilion.
  I mean, yeah, the Mexico pavilion is incredible.
  What we now know is a Joe roadie mural.
  Right.
  Right.
  By that in their blue Bayou.
  Yeah.
  Equivalent.
  Yeah.
  I don't think that's one.
  That's the thing.
  They're all ones.
  I just realized the math of it once I went to the website and saw these are all things  that are, these are all specific packages they offer.
  And that are often are just like, this is, this does look like a nice pretty place.
  They usually don't have too much like theme parky character.
  There's one I don't know.
  Maybe there was an episode with this, but I didn't see it.
  But off of the actual list, the one that I would do is you can get married by the fake  rocks in Canada.
  Oh, right.
  That's not bad.
  Yeah, that I would do.
  However, they do specify that that one you can only do, you can only have 60 people and  you can only do a nine o'clock Sarah, nine a.
m.
 ceremony, which is luxurious compared  to a lot of the other right.
  Seven a.
m.
 like a call.
  Yeah.
  That's maybe maybe the most interesting thing in a way is that is the late night nature  of it.
  And then the like, because they and they try to just like slip it in there and ignore it.
  But there's one where they're showing the bride getting her makeup done.
  And then there's the timestamp in the bottom and it says two a.
m.
  Yes.
  Because she was getting married at sunrise.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The ceremony then is that's that's a Disneyland one that's in front of the castle and that's  at five fifty.
  Yes.
  Sir, walking up.
  Yeah.
  So you're like hammered by 10 a.
m.
  I think so.
  Well, then they showed the ceremony, which then they then you're out of the park.
  Now you move to like a Disneyland Hotel ballroom.
  But you.
  Yeah.
  If there's a what meal are we doing eggs at this point?  Are we?  Right.
  Food at a wedding feels weird to me.
  Kind of.
  What else are you going to do?  It's a good nine a.
m.
  And then and then like getting drunk is I mean, look, I did it for Galaxy's Edge.
  I was I was off on Blue Wine at eight fifty.
  But yeah, but that's not that's not wedding drunk.
  I think we had like a little fun drink, a couple one or two drinks at eight or nine  is different than wedding drunk.
  I think open bar drunk.
  I think it's quiches and omelette.
  I've been to like when I was very young, we went to like a morning wedding that was  like an inn restaurant.
  Those can be fine.
  I've been early weddings that are fine.
  But the but it's six a.
m.
  It's that's interesting.
  Nutty.
  The signature drink is a red eye.
  It's coffee with a shot of espresso.
  Yeah, I want to know the hours.
  And when does that end?  When does this say like the reception end at that time?  Is it like over noon?  Could be.
  Yeah.
  And then, yeah, you're like hammered.
  Then you wander into the park like blackout drunk.
  Yeah.
  Afterward or figure out Jeannie Plus.
  Hopefully that's not the first day there.
  Yeah, because they're like switching lightning lane.
  You don't know what what's what what's lightning lane anymore.
  This is you know, Mike, you're heading to a wedding at some point at some point.
  And the like my wedding, which you two were not at bizarrely.
  You refused.
  We asked.
  I'll be spending plenty of time with these guys.
  I think they don't know.
  We didn't know each other.
  Yes, you weren't at my wedding.
  But the we like was the greatest night of my life legitimately.
  It was so wonderful.
  But I think part of it was all right, we're going to we need a venue where we can drag  it out as long as we can.
  And then we need an after party.
  Yeah, yeah.
  To like go and go and go because the quick wrap it up nature of so many places that look  nice to get married.
  I think that's a brick wall you're going to hit.
  So like having to as much as getting married in front of the castle would be cool.
  The idea that like, all right, seven a.
m.
  Air raid signals.
  Yeah, get out.
  Get out, grandma.
  There's OK, there's three errors you can make of the wedding.
  OK, here's what I'll say.
  And you're you're absolutely right.
  A wedding shouldn't be too short because there's a magic hour hour or two where it gets really  fun.
  Probably because everyone's a little drunker.
  But if your wedding is like seven to eleven, too short, you need that extra like hour or  two.
  Second, you need good music.
  You need a DJ that's not going to play the same YMCA crap.
  We talked about this before.
  Our don't play list was so wrong.
  I have I have a fantasy that I will just I will DJ my own wedding.
  I will just put an iPad with a playlist of stuff, but I will also have my phone so I  can remote control and just add on the fly if I want.
  I think this is something I'll do.
  Maybe somebody will have to man the control.
  You tried that at birthday party like every generation of app.
  You are there.
  My 30th birthday was at was it M bar?  What was that bar?  So, yeah, yeah.
 And it was it was all Prince.
  I played the music for the whole bar all night from my phone.
  You want to do this at the wedding?  Yes.
 Wow.
  I think I do.
  Yeah, but you lucked out because that bar scene like was about to clap like that bar  scene like it was about to go out of business the next day.
  And I think it did.
  And then we learned Prince played a secret show down the street down the street that  night and that night.
  Oh, my God.
 That we didn't know about.
  And all of a sudden, like 11 p.
m.
, people were like, you know, Prince is playing at  the palladium because we were like literally in the same zip code.
  Yes.
 And I was like, should I leave all the people I invited to go see him?  Because he was starting late.
  And then we started tweeting at him to try to come.
  But he's I think he played way past.
  You're trying to get him to come to your birthday.
  Well, because it had been advertised as a Prince birthday.
  It was my 30th birthday.
  And it was it was.
 But you thought you thought that was plausible.
  Well, we're having a Prince birthday.
  You are famously eccentric man.
  I was going to say suddenly shows up at City Walk.
  Obviously, we weren't like betting a ton of money on it, but he was like three blocks  away.
 Yeah.
  So but your plan was to tweet at Prince.
  Well, we weren't like Prince's check.
  Check my mentions.
 He was he was on Twitter at the time.
  He was on Twitter at the time.
  I don't know.
 That's the that's the question.
  Well, of course, I knew he wasn't going to I knew it wasn't probably going to happen.
  But I was like, oh, that's funny.
  Tell tell his Twitter account that there's a Prince themed party.
  Yes.
 Which I don't think is so crazy.
  But obviously, we weren't like sitting there for hours going, please come.
  There was like 20 people, 20 plus people all trying to tweet at.
  So like it would have been noticeable.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So so yeah, it wasn't like, oh, my God, we have to.
  It was just like, oh, that's funny.
  Let's hope he sees that he's like a bunch of dorks.
  They're probably going to try to kill me.
  I would have said.
  But I would have said I would have said if because it was the branding was such  that this was a party where we were only playing his music.
  It's pretty weird.
 I say it's unlikely that he comes.
  But this is a thing that clubs and stuff do all of these.
  He's like, I got to get there.
  He was my music.
  That's a way he could have walks away.
  He could have walked to this thing.
  It just seemed a little funny of a coincidence.
  That's all I'm saying.
 Crazy stuff happens in Hollywood when the crazy stuff.
  He played WWF New York.
  We don't know why that wasn't like we're playing your music.
  Come hang.
  Picked a bunch of equipment.
  He would have come if he didn't have his his concert.
  If his concert hadn't gone so late, I think he would have come.
  I think your your expectation is not unrealistic, but I think it's a little.
  It's a little you're not so out of the realm of the.
  I just the proximity.
  If he was in the valley and we were in Hollywood, I would say no way.
  Yeah.
 But it was it was a mere blocks over.
  It's a nice stroll to somebody who would have driven him.
  And so it's already is like a like a segue or something.
  Whatever he was doing.
  I think you're saying a sidecar is a sidecar on a motorcycle.
  Was there a moment at like 1201 where you're like, it's probably not.
  Guys, probably.
  Um, that's a good question.
  I'm trying to remember gingerly pets you on the back.
  It's OK.
 Next time there was a lot going on that night, too.
  There were like some.
  Yeah, we ate at tender grains around the corner.
  That's true.
 We did.
  There were like but there were like some there were some like breakdowns  that happened that night.
  I don't know if you remember.
  I can't say that on the air, but there were some.
  There was like some chaos.
  Monday won't mind.
  I was going to say I refused to invite him.
  Yeah, there was no there was some like, like, oh, you know, so and so are doing  so like thing and I'm like, oh, like the 28 year old comedians  are always having breakdowns.
  Yeah.
 Well, I was 30.
  Well, they would have been they probably would have been like  everybody is at their lowest point.
  It's just whatever they're feeling is just wrecking them.
  And then all of a sudden,  because we don't want it to be your weekend.
  He'd blast in full band, brought his own amps.
  Yeah, this is for you, Michael.
  I consider you my best friend immediately.
  He would have taken care of the no, no, no, no, no.
  That was happening.
  He would have he would have set everyone straight.
  Oh, I was in the middle of a wedding for my wedding.
  Yeah, I guess you want to go about Taylor or Tyler.
  No, no, I have one more.
  I have one more declaration about a wedding.
  Yeah, I said that, yeah, it has to go late because the magic  the playlist has to be good in a central location.
  I've been to some very nice weddings that have so many rooms and places  you can go, but the wedding is not fun because everyone spread out the whole time.
  It needs to be in like a pretty central location.
  Get everybody in that ballroom.
  You have to force everyone together to have fun.
  They don't have to dance, but there's an energy because that's some of the things  you're looking around like, like, you know, at my wedding, I was like,  wow, this is I get to see my  it to see my slightly inebriated aunt meet Mike Hanford.
  You got to see like worlds collide.
  Yeah, that's the fun.
  It's fun to meet the Jetsons constantly.
  Your friends from like high school, meeting your friends from now.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The big jumble of your life.
  It's like it's your life flashing before your eyes without the part where you have to die.
  Yeah, it's exactly.
 Hopefully not.
  But yeah, so like a Disney wedding where it's like we got to go in and out.
  It's like a surgical strike.
  Yeah, 45 minutes here and then we're out of there and then now we're paying by the minute  or the second when you're in whatever the reception area.
  It's like that just doesn't sound like the right recipe for.
  Yeah, yeah.
 A fun, relaxing or loose, loose, loose ish wedding.
  I'm also a little caught on.
  I feel like I have to say how the you know, because I do think about it.
  You guys weren't at my wedding and and and you also weren't at Nick Mundy's wedding.
  And that's right.
 He's he's probably said this to you.
  He's very like he said to me every week.
  So you know, I think about my wedding.
  It's like Mike should have been there.
  He said he just said it to me.
  He said it to me a couple of days ago.
  I know it's all right.
  He's even asked me, oh, there's an open ended.
  He's like, think about like who who wasn't at your wedding.
  You wish was there.
  Now, see, for me, it's Mike.
  He's very sweet to constantly.
  He brings it up constantly.
  He's really hung up.
  It's very sweet, though.
  He does that sweet head nod.
  Yeah, you know, you would have been there.
  You would have been there.
  I could have really made special.
  Well, he was mad I was there.
  I was confused.
  I put sugar in his gasoline tank,  but not in the tailpipe like the rascals, you know.
  Well, you were trained.
  Scott, why did you bring Jason Sheridan?  You'd only met at a party once at that point instead of your wife.
  Yeah.
  Anyways, there is one  that I that the first episode of this oddly calibrates you at like  that things are going to be a little kookier than they  may be being.
  And I don't think I don't remember the names.
  I apologize.
 And I believe this is the one where I was saying that  what they land at is like, well, what I really like is the castle.
  This might come up in several episodes that somebody's like,  when I think Disney, I think Castle.
  I don't know.
 To me, the iconic locations got to be that castle.
  That's the level of like normie that this thing.
  I think you're talking about Chelsea and Spencer.
  Might be.
 Yeah, I think so.
 Yeah, I have Chelsea written somewhere.
  OK, OK.
 So there's that the landing at the  the landing at the castle is funny and mundane.
  But there is this part with her when they're talking about  what we could do with the cake and kind of the general theme  because they're fishing for like, is there a certain character  that you like? And the guy, the planner has already been tipped off.
  And he's like very enthusiastic.
  I understand that you really enjoy Tinkerbell.
  And her response to that is like, yeah, well,  and it's already like, oh, where are we going with this?  And she says, yeah, I think about as well.
  Look, you know, I actually I actually call my mom right before college  graduation, crying, saying that I wanted to be Tinkerbell.
  And I didn't want to grow up and actually be in the real world.
  So and then that kind of sits there in the planners like,  oh, you didn't want to.
 OK.
  Well, what we can do is have a projection cake and Tinkerbell's  flying around the cake.
  And he does not want to touch whatever weird pathologies going on.
  We're like, OK, you like, yeah, I loved Tinkerbell when I was little.
  There's that's one thing being that I am.
  I am 21 or 22 about to graduate college.
  And I want to be I don't want to do it.
  I want to be Tinkerbell forever.
  And also Tinkerbell is the choice for I don't want to grow up.
  I want to be Tinkerbell.
  Is it Tinkerbell's like 30? Right.
  Tinkerbell is not a little girl.
  Is she? Good question.
  She's just little.
  But she's at least if you're going by hook, it's Julia.
  It's a grown Julia Roberts.
  If you're going by hook rules, I don't know that it's really defined  in the animated version.
  But she doesn't look you look at the drawing of Tinkerbell.
  That's not like a it's not a nine year old.
  But she is a but she is like a true jealous of Wendy  for Peter's affection and Peter's young.
  Yes.
 So she would hope you would hope it's not licorice pizza situation.
  You would hope that it's a modern day Peter Pan.
  Yeah, you hope it's you would hope it's yeah, like more age appropriate.
  So I don't know.
  I guess I would.
 I read that her and Peter were like similar ages.
  But maybe that's wrong.
  Mm hmm.
 But this is hey, I'm not I'm never getting off.
  My pan is canceled point.
  This is the kind of thing it breeds.
  You get this movie in your brain and now you're about to graduate college.
  You're going no, I don't want to.
  I want to be Tinkerbell, which is like look, if you don't  if you want to be like Tinkerbell and not grow up, I'm sorry, lady.
  You are already more than two inches tall.
  The ship has already sailed.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This moment was a little much for me.
  I was glad most of the other episodes didn't have stuff like this.
  It's a little that's when you get some of it because we see this Disney  adulting thing around all the time.
  And that's kind of the zone that I think is a little like, OK, let's.
  Yeah, it's not so much like I don't want to adulting.
  I like I'm like this is a fun place to run around and go on a ride  and get a break from my life, not like just let me be little.
  Let me hide in Simba's cave forever.
  Well, that's also on the story editor and producer and director to not call like,  all right, cut.
  Can we massage that a little?  Can we go?  Oh, I don't want that.
  I love that.
 Finally, there was something like you want.
  No, no.
 You want somebody cookie in the shoe.
  Somebody to be like, talk more about that, please.
  Keep going.
 Yeah.
  I'm saying it's in the show because they're like, OK, this will probably be.
  Yeah.
 She told us a thing about Tinkerbell in college.
  And they're like, OK, well, we can't do that again.
  Like, all right.
  I guess we'll use that take.
  I want to keep going.
 I want it like.
  And then it's but then I did go to graduation.
  But I bought a costume the night before.
  And when I got the diploma, I ripped off my robe and I was Tinkerbell underneath.
  And I yelled, I'm not growing up.
  And I tore up the diploma and I ziplined out of there.
  My memory of like everyone around and graduating college is, yeah,  everyone did kind of go a little feral.
  So but I don't know that you need to.
  Hang on.
 People started dating like rather two weeks school left.
  People started getting together and everyone's getting hammered.
  And it's just like everyone's getting hammered.
  Everyone's getting like, I say, you got out of there.
  Jason's like extra like we got to clean out this rental apartment.
  We got to clean out the bottles.
  When you say that, let me ask you, you don't have to say names.
  When you say people were like hooking up or something two weeks before,  do you have two names in your mind?  And you went, whoa, those those people are together.
  I have a handful.
 Oh, a handful.
  I have a handful.
 Chelsea and Spencer.
  Tell me it's Spencer Taylor and Tyler.
  Was it Taylor and Tyler?  Chelsea, Spencer, Dominique and Joe.
  Hey, Jason, I just want to let you know that Dominique and I hooking up now.
  It's two weeks to go until graduation, but we're going to do it.
  Dominique, this is just like you.
  Spencer.
 What was the other guy's name?  No, Dominique and Joe.
 I'm Joe.
 I'm Joe.
  I'm not Dominique.
  You two are both Dominique.
  I'm nuts.
 You two are both nuts.
  So we got two weeks to go, but we're going to start hooking up.
  I'm so sorry.
  We're going crazy here because we're going feral.
  We're going feral.
  Do you think we used to say about Jason, honestly, on Harold  when we were in a hero? Mike used to say that.
  Yeah, we would say Jason going feral because he would get like really riled up.
  I get really punchy.
  And Wolverine was a Wolverine.
  Now, this doesn't sound familiar to me.
  Yeah, he hasn't been feral in many years.
  I've been working on it actively.
  More feral or no, to be less feral?  No, I've been in therapy for years to not go feral so often.
  To be less feral, yeah.
  You went to therapy and expressed your feelings about wanting to be Tiger Bell.
  There was a weird period of X-Men.
  Well, Wolverine, they called it when Wolverine was feral,  where he like lost his nose, essentially.
  They didn't draw a nose on him anymore, and he wore like a big thing over his head.
  We also got the adamantium ripped out of him for a little while.
  That happened as well.
  He became more savage, too.
  That's true.
 He became more feral and savage.
  I would have loved a guy like a groom  monologuing about like the adamantium being ripped out of Wolverine.
  And that's, you know.
  Yes, absolutely.
  You're like, why isn't there even?  Well, they I guess they know they could have done a Marvel thing at this point.
  Sure.
 There are some crazy deep.
  More.
 See, I really did think the show is going to be like nerd.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Nerds nerding out.
  Right.
 And I don't understand.
  Maybe that doesn't have appeal for free form.
  Yeah, it's not nerds.
  It's not like insanely rich people.
  I'll say there was there was like an odd like, oh, that's a weird Disney connection  where that woman Taylor, her father was on the food and beverage  team in Florida, who brought the turkey leg to Florida to the parks.
  And then her sister voices Soka Tano in the Clone Wars cartoon.
  The Jedi.
 Oh, wow.
  I apologize if I butchered that character.
  Soka Soka Tano.
  Is that right? Yeah.
  That Rosario Dawson played her in the live action.
 Yeah.
  She's getting her own show, I think she is.
  Yeah.
 What else occurred in this?  I just I'm just going to say random things.
  I like the people who are getting married at the Coronado Hotel  and they have that they have to say the branding and like, you know,  arriving there, looking out over Grand Destino Plaza.
  Anything like that.
  Um, that Pandora thing also,  that the constant saying of Pandora, the world of Avatar,  I like that the efficient has to say it like who has the coolest voice  I've ever heard, the deepest voice.
  He sounds amazing, but then he has to like  and that they're making Disney history here by getting married in Pandora,  the world of Avatar.
  But even I, I like the efficient a lot there.
  And he kind of made it offhand a joke about like the groom  loves the Lion King and I sound a little like a character in that.
  But I don't know why they didn't just tell him like, hey, man,  just say you sound like Mufasa.
  Yeah.
 Why didn't he say that?  That was strange.
 Yes.
  But he was I liked him.
 He was a character.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There's a there's interesting people.
  There's cool people throughout.
  Here's another.
 OK, let me throw out also this.
  If you're doing a castle one, I understand that.
  And I understand like I want to I'm the bride and I want to look like a princess.
  But I always find it funny that and I get the coach to like the glass coach  that Disney has recreated that in reality very well.
  But I always find it funny then when there's the coachman,  when there's like the powdered wig ponytails like little  and then like the little suit tails go up, these little these fancy  these cabin boys.
  I find it weird that that's actively part of anyone's fantasy.
  I just when I was a little girl, I loved the coachman  and I just dreamed of having four coachmen with their white ponytails.
  Take me off of that.
  I know that feels like a weird like coachman, please.
  I would like it if, you know, one party  and said we want a real fairy tale wedding.
  We'd like some Disney characters there.
  But also we'd like some of the real Grimm's fairy tale.
  Like we want some brutality.
  We want some darkness.
  Or royalty.
 It's like we want some royalty.
  We want some royalty and stuff.
  But, you know, we want the we want some gossip hounds there.
  Like hounding the royalty.
  We want like the real royalty experience where it's like, oh, it's miserable.
  Like you want like Piers, Markle, and leave Morgan there.
  Yeah, like we're asking for a Piers Morgan is like bothering Prince Charming.
  Like I would have wanted like a mashup.
  I've been like, all right, Grand Floridian.
  But the coach boys are not coach boys are like for Navi.
  And there's like we don't talk about like they're the Navi are like driving the.
  You want them not in Pandora's.
  Not exactly.
  They're at Grand Floridian, but they're like just like  driving the carriage essentially is just a Navi, a couple Navi.
  Yes.
 And they're completely out of place.
  But like, it's interesting.
  Yeah, fun.
 Absolutely.
  I think at the Pandora one, they should have had each like next to them.
  Dantrel and Patrice should have have nine foot Navi.
  Mimicking the movement, like also getting married completely.
  I thought there was going to be something.
  Yeah.
 And I and when I heard about it,  I think they just wanted to get married in like a pretty place.
  I thought these are going to be like super avatars.
  Nerds are like the people if you saw how to with John Wilson, they go.
  He goes and talks to the people who are sad because avatar isn't real.
  I want to see those people get married and just and they're melting down.
  They can't handle their display.
  They just start like seizureing.
  They're so excited to be married in Pandora.
  They let him in that room with a big avatar in the tank, the big Navi in the tank.
  And they're just like, yeah, holding on, like weeping, like hold  like their face against the glass.
  That's the efficient they ordain that inanimate Navi.
  Oh, yeah.
 Floating in a tank.
  And they have to lean in and go, he says, do you take this woman?  And then they and then like they do the braid.
  They.
 Oh, yeah.
 They have a braid.
  Yes.
 They should also do a thing where they they knock the bride and groom out  and they act like as if they're trans like they're transitioning  to being an avatar, essentially.
  Oh, yeah.
 You know how like, yeah, like he goes to sleep basically and wakes up.
  So like if they knock them out, then they will become a Navi.
  So then they wake up and they've had like full paint and full like prosthetics put on.
  And they've turned in now to Navi.
  Oh, you know, you can do is the night before, like everybody's arrived  and they're going to gather at the hotels.
  But then you start getting  calls, start going out to the individual rooms.
  You're like, what? What happened?  Both the bride and the groom  fell and lost the use of their legs.
  They're both.
 They'll both never walk again.
  This is terrible.
  Well, this wedding must be off, right?  No, no, no.
 Still go.
  They're still going to try to do it.
  We'll see.
 And then when the Navi walk in,  kind of crawling in like after Jake Sully first gets in the avatar for the first time.
  Well, yeah, like you would want like a hardcore avatar nerd  to want something like that.
  Yes.
 So you want to see that?  I want to see that.
  I would watch a full reality show that is my Pandora wedding.
  If it was all people, really, that idea.
  Yeah.
 And they're finding different aspects of the world.
  Maybe there's people who really like the villain.
  They really like Stephen Lang.
  Seeing a bride and groom have to kiss  in the like the mech suits, like stomping towards each other  and then really delicately hang the hand, the little ring with the big clunky arms.
  Oh, that's a great idea.
  They can't quite get close enough to kiss.
  They keep leaning in.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
  Honk.
  Sparks when they technically technically is a kiss,  if the two metals clang against each other and sparks fly.
  That's a mech kiss.
  They call it Navi in the tank says it counts.
  There's an infinite amount of possibilities for Pandora,  the world of avatars, for weddings are concerned.
  Yeah.
  Uh, OK, so the one couple.
  This is a weird thing that I just picked up on one.
  She the bride was staying at the beach club  or the yacht club and got fully ready there.
  This might be Taylor and Tyler again.
  I don't know why this this fair is glued in my mind.
  She got fully they all got fully ready.
  Like hair, makeup, everything.
  And it's like, OK, let's go.
  And they're walking down the hall of the hotel.
  And I'm like, hold on a minute.
  The American adventure from the club, that is a one mile walk or so.
  At least the most Jason.
  Yeah.
  Did you all get steps and amounts?  But I'm assuming they put them in golf carts or pass fans.
  It's like, did you get 100 percent ready and then climb a pass fan?  Like, give them a room at the venue.
  The other thing I noticed.
  You want a steps counter.
  You do not have money counter.
  You want steps.
  I just thought it was weird.
  Like show backstage at the venue.
  The other thing I noticed, she was getting ready at the club.
  He was in a hotel room getting ready,  but it had one of the big windows by the doors, like at the All Stars  or like Port Orleans and stuff.
  I'm like, wait a minute.
  If Disney's paying, why didn't you put one of them up at the yacht club  and one at the beach club?  Where where is he getting ready?  Wait, do you think it's a different I'm confused.
  I'm saying I think they were at different hotels.
  Oh, and I think he was at a worse hotel.
  Which one do you think it was?  I'm saying I think he was at either like a moderate or a value hotel.
  And she was at the yacht club.
  And you know what they say before a wedding, the bride and groom can't say  each other, you know, they can't stay at the same level of  quality hotel value.
  Yeah, cheat that a few times because they're like on the balconies,  not looking at each other, exchanging letters and poems.
  A lot of letters and poems.
  There were a lot of letters.
 Yeah.
  Pre letter.
 Yeah.
  Do any letter poems?  I was going to say, is that a common thing? Yeah.
  I don't know.
 Hmm.
  Well, I screwed up.
  Well, when you when you do your renew your vows.
  When I redo it, they bring the show back.
  Yeah.
 We'll we'll make it right.
  And you do it at like in like the gift shop of the Swan Hotel.
  Yeah, that is probably where you would want it.
  In the Michael Graves Cosmere.
  Michael Graves.
  And let's all have a moment of silence for someone who couldn't be here.
  Architect Michael Graves.
  And then a hologram of Michael Graves appears and does this ceremony.
  Your love be as beautiful as my many buildings and as functional as well.
  With as many amenities.
  And then Leonardo Columbus ziplines in.
  Hey, I think I should get a little of my money back.
  I noticed the hologram.
  I could kind of see the mirror and we're paying a lot of money for this experience.
  And this is your best hologram.
  I can see the reflect.
 Come on.
  Your game, Disney.
 Come on.
  What else do we do?  Name check for a wrap it up.
  The the oh, you know what?  There's one that involves a flash mob.
  And oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I just hadn't thought about flash mobs in a while.
  Yeah.
 And I feel like maybe a net good of the pandemic is that  maybe it killed the flash mob.
  Maybe flash mobs are done.
  And if that's what it took, if it took a two year or deal.
  Oh, I don't know.
  You know, if you want to look at the silver lining of the worldwide pandemic  and perhaps the loss of flash mobs.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I think maybe it's worth it just just for that.
  Hmm.
 Did you guys see the one with the flash mob?  I think it was.
  Were they singing? They all singing?  Is that they're singing like a let's like what's what's the like  tinniest version of you make my dreams come true?  We can knock out.
 Oh, yeah, I did see that.
  Where there's like a bunch of it's a we're going to get the bride  and she will be taking a photo in front of the castle.
  And then there's a line of people also waiting to take a photo.
  And the people are all doing the most business you've ever seen.
  Right, right, right.
  All wearing the most extras in a play clothes.
  You all pantomime like, hey, yeah, picture.
  Cool, huh?  Making like lens gestures.
  That's going to be you and me soon taking a picture.
  OK, well, just wait a second.
  There's not going to be any flash mob coming.
  And then it.
 Oh, my God.
  Just the whole I guess I'm not a flash mob.
  I got caught.
 OK, I'll have to look this up and confirm it.
  I'm sure some listeners had seen it, maybe even done it at Universal Florida  by Mills and like the makeup show that area.
  I was walking along there.
  This was probably when I went like 2017 or so.
  Maybe a year, I think it'd be like 2017 and  flash mob started happening around me.
  I believe they were dancing to Happy  that it's not a song, but it's similarly like you said.
  Yeah, everyone the most straight out of central casting,  wearing what could only be described as, you know, regular clothes,  like the most ironed regular clothes you've ever seen.
  Sure, a slightly turned lavender baseball cap.
  Yeah.
 Pretty good.
  Doesn't have a logo on it.
  Logo free.
 Yeah.
  So nothing gets in trouble.
  Yeah, it's always like that.
  Do you get scared for a second that the flash mob was happening to you?  I had a single second of like, what the fuck is happening?  And then when I realized the song and where I was, I was like,  oh, I think I know what's happening.
  I think this is suddenly I realized it was me.
  This the flash mob is for you.
  Please don't ever know one create.
  I'm setting up something awful here now.
  But you're Michael Douglas in the game.
  Yeah, everything's happening around.
  I do you.
 And game sounds good.
  A pan flash mob.
  Oh, my God.
  Everyone takes off their regular clothes and are all where.
  Oh, boy.
  Oh, come on, everybody.
  Here we go.
  If I was anywhere near a body of water and dive straight into it.
  Swim for safety.
  Do do do do do do do do do do do.
  We don't want to grow up.
  Neither does Scott.
  Yes, I do.
  I did grow up.
 I'm happy I did.
  Think of a woman.
  I'm trying to do the beat while it's going on.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Do you know this?  Well, no, stop it.
  This is this is already too much of a flash mob.
  Oh, then it goes to like half speed.
  You can fly.
  You can fly.
  They start trying to hook me up and grabbing me and making me hook up to wire.
  Get your hands off me.
  No, I cannot fly.
  Do not make me fly.
  You can fly.
  You can fly.
  Let's make Scott's dreams come true.
  Stop it.
  It's not what that song sounds like.
  It's not about flying.
  Not this show, but on the season two of Righteous Gemstones,  great Disney wedding joke, running gag throughout the season.
  Oh, really?  Wedding occurring.
  I don't want to spoil it, but yeah,  it's it's pretty good.
  By the way, here, wait, really, I forgot this.
  So there's there's one episode I said that isn't there's a holiday one  that's not on Disney Plus for some reason.
  And this involves a Mary Poppins themed wedding.
  Nobody saw this, right?  I think I don't see this now.
  And if they they managed to find an aspect they could incorporate  that bothers me even more than flash mobs.
  Here's a little here's some audio.
  Join our house on Twitch and I miss his twitch, but you can call me  for a Mary Poppins returns wedding.
  That's practically.
  Poppins returns wedding featuring Lin-Manuel Miranda.
  Hello, hello.
  And hello, hello.
  I wouldn't say, you know, you didn't say returns.
  You just said Mary Poppins.
  Yeah, wait, that is you did you had to go.
  Mary Poppins returns themed wedding dirt.
  And the whole turning party.
  Turning turtle turning turtle,  to see I want topsy.
  They're the mayor.
  It has to show up as topsy at my Mary Poppins returns wedding.
  Can't break character.
  He will not stay the whole time.
  She never would.
  She's America's greatest treasure.
  She wouldn't.
 Yeah, she's got to be there the whole time, too.
  And come to the after party.
  The bride and groom kiss upside down.
  We're turning.
  Well, did we did we do it?  And then Disney's fairytale weddings.
  Did you survive it?  Listeners, you asked, we answered.
  We answered.
 We did it.
  We loved the show.
  Or we are having a swatch.
  The show.
  I thought it was it was better than I expected.
  I think it's a good if you're cleaning the house, put it on the background  like House Hunters or Dino Travis and Dodd.
  That's a high recommendation.
  It's not as good, but it's in that genre.
  It's in that genre of TV you put on in the background.
  I don't know that I could in good conscience recommend this.
  I don't think it's even in the same zip code, you know,  not like your prince birthday party, you know, but it  you put it on the back.
  We got a tweet out of Prince.
  We are doing a binge watch of Disney's fairytale weddings.
  You've got to go over it as princes in it.
  Prince, like from the Disney movies.
  And he may have done like the Disney wedding special.
  I have bad news for you.
  Oh, no.
  What happened five years ago?  Yeah.
 Seven years ago.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
  He didn't make it.
  Prince didn't wasn't able to see this show, but we were.
  And thanks for for having us watch it.
  I think, hey, if you want us to watch it,  this is kind of a plus us up in a way.
  You can always tell us stuff that you'd you'd like us to do.
  Why do you like to bother us with?  And, you know, yeah, email us.
  I guess the right gmail dot com.
  Tweet us, podcast, right on socials.
  Keep it tuned here to podcast.
  There are the second gate for three bonus episodes every month.
  And we hope we made your dreams come true.
  Yes.
  I'll cut out the.
