 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcasts that Ride the Second Gate, where it's Easter Sunday as we record, but  it's always Island Time.
  I'm Jason Jared and joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, Finns up.
  It is Easter Sunday just for a little peek behind the curtain there.
  And we're all wearing our Easter best, I guess I'll say.
  We're all wearing four shrouds of torrents.
  That's what I meant.
  Scott Garner also here.
  Yes.
  And it's important to know that Easter can overlap with Island Time and that even that  Christ, while he was suffering on the cross, technically still was on Island Time, as  darkest things may have been.
  It is still even at the darkest hour there could ever be.
  The glimmer of hope is that technically it's still Island Time somewhere.
  When he was resurrected, he got resurrected and he came out like on a surfboard.
  Yes.
  And he was kind of like a big surfing, a big wave back into the.
  And Saturday was just kind of a chill day for him.
  Like, and just got the rest.
  Yeah, the left hand sat at the left hand of the father.
  Right.
  Which is well learned.
  He had a tough run with all of the obvious, obvious crucifixion and all that.
  But then, you know, when he had to, when he flipped over everything, when he was mad at  the goods being sold in church and, you know, I think the devil showed up and was mean to  him also.
  So, yeah, I mean, a day of rest.
  Great.
  That's what you guys got.
  Yeah, that's right.
  On the trip that we're talking about.
  Left hand of the father, probably also one of the name of the bars we missed in this  establishment.
  Left hand of the father.
  26th floor.
  Yeah.
  We're talking about the Margaritaville Resort Hotel in Times Square, which of the three  of us, one of us and our special guests stayed at for four nights in New York City.
  Four nights.
  It's me.
  I stayed there with our returning guests.
  My wonderful girlfriend, Jay Claire.
  Hi, Jay.
  Hi.
  You may say I'm the woman to blame.
  Yeah.
  We may say that.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Yeah, because you did go along with this.
  Well, I think your initial reaction was, is this a bit?  It was.
  I went, is this like a bit?  Like, can we just have a nice little trip?  Like.
  Well, that would be the question.
  That is the question I had when you said this was your plan was like, because, you  know, then I looked it up and like, oh, maybe this is a viable place to stay.
  But my biggest concern was, would this be annoying to be in for a number of days?  Oh, good question.
  That was my fee.
  And now I think I know that that was not how it played out, but I will leave you  guys to answer that question.
  Yeah.
  So, I mean, I looked it up initially because I thought like, oh, well, what?  I mean, we have to stay somewhere.
  And the, it was kind of an off season when we were in New York for the show, we  stayed leading up to the New York live show.
  We got in early Thursday morning and yes, Jane, a number of times on this trip,  you were like, is this picture for content?  Like, are you taking this for memories or for content?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There's a thin line though.
  You lose the, everything can be all of that at once.
  And that's, you know, everything all at once.
  And then I'd be like, well, can you take my picture?  Because I'd be like wearing like a cool fit or whatever.
  And he's like, is this for content?  I'm like, oh, fuck you.
  Like, very good.
  It goes both ways.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  No, I mean, I quite liked staying there because New York is very, you know, it's  not like LA, it's not a lot of greenery.
  It's very hustle bustle city.
  And so you'd go back to this place that felt very like vacation and very tropical  and very like Oasis, which I liked a lot.
  Like, sure.
  And it did feel though, what this is fascinating to me is if that, if you  can possibly get that vibe in New York, you went, we didn't even, they have  outdoor bars and there's a pool and everything, but it's not like so much  out of this, but you felt the Island vibe.
  Oh yeah.
  It was nice.
  I think just cause it was so, the hospitality was great and like everything  was very like clean and very like pretty, even though it was not huge and built  up, you know, as opposed to like out.
  Um, but I, yeah, our view was really nice.
  I thought we had a nice view.
  Yeah.
  The vibes were good.
  The service was very good.
  Very good.
  Um, and yeah, so that's, I mean, that's the main thing.
  Spoiler alert.
  The vibes are good.
  The service is good.
  So this is okay.
  They've got some stars pretty close to Times Square.
  It's pretty close.
  All, all the, you know, tourist trapping and the 40th and seventh, I  think was the street corner.
  Yeah.
  And it's a massive, it's like a big, it's like not, I was my concern initially  when I heard this was being built.
  This was going to be like almost like a tiny little sign added to like an  existing hotel chain or something, but it is a big, like a pretty impressive  building with multiple signs that you know, you see it and you identify the,  of course the iconic.
  We were worried there would only be one sign.
  That was your main concern.
  When you saw the multiple signs, I wanted the building to be fun.
  I wanted the building to give me at least a vibe where we could take a photo and  you could send it for content to different people even and say, Oh, look,  we're all over.
  I am text conversations content as well.
  Yeah.
  Content.
  Yeah.
  I'm trying to entertain on content for everybody.
  It's more curated content to the people on your thread.
  Well, I think that's concern pulling.
  I would like when we're telling the taxi guy, taxi driver pull over here.
  Excuse me.
  She said to Marguerite, there was a sign.
  I was surprised the sign was sizable.
  See other signs.
  Other signs.
  People were very, everyone was very concerned.
  What if it's just, what if there's many, many signs, but they're all extremely  small that only bugs could see them.
  Well, I was worried about that.
  It turned out also some of the signs turned out to be wrong.
  That is one of the shortcomings.
  Every now and then there were a few things where it's like, Oh, this was not accurate.
  Like times like restaurants were open.
  Yeah.
  Like on a street level, five o'clock somewhere, there was a happy hour and it  was like noon to four and we got the hotel and it's like the happy hour was one to six.
  Or like the restaurant was like open seven to seven and it was like seven  thirty or eight and they were acting like, what are you doing up here?  Like, we're not open.
  Sweeping and it's like, can we help you?  Okay.
  So yeah, we got into this a little bit during the live show, but it was a, you had a  smallish sort of New York Times Square area hotel room.
  But you were talking about one of the best things about it was that there were free waters.
  Good, good as water.
  Free spring water.
  People have been waiting.
  Like it only, the free waters were only addressed so briefly in the live show.
  When are they going to open this up?  Yeah.
  People are disappointed the episode's not called, murdering the free water.
  Yeah, which is, I mean, it is spring water.
  They were labeled paradise water.
  Let's be clear.
  They were pretty.
  They had like a little, and then the inside had like a little beach like picture so you  could look through it.
  It had a beach thing.
  And it said Margaritaville on the water.
  It did.
  It said Margaritaville Resort.
  So I'm assuming this is standard.
  And like, I genuinely think that it was smart water and they had their own special  brand.
 The bottle was very similar.
  The taste was very, like that's what I would compare it to.
  It wasn't like shitty.
  Do you think there is like a person in the basement pouring smart water into their  bottles?  I can tell you no, because the only things in the basement were a gym and a single  bathroom.
  Which I, you spoof.
  We did.
  We did go to the gym once.
  And I got to tell you about that.
  We'll get there.
  And that was kind of an adventure because, OK, if you've ever stayed in a New York  hotel room, this is a big thing about like, imagine a holiday in the center of  Manhattan.
  The rooms are smaller.
  These are smaller hotel rooms.
  Right.
  And sometimes you have to wait a long time for the elevators, which we encountered  here because there was a bank of four elevators, but not every elevator went to  all floors.
  Like one elevator is a service elevator.
  So it's got the doors on both sides.
  One elevator does not go to street level.
  Some of it.
 Yeah.
  If you're in a if you're especially if it's a big building.
  And this wasn't even that tall of a building, but this is, you know, 30  something.
  I guess you're right.
  That is tall.
  Tall.
 And we are on the top.
  It's like going to the elevator bank is like some sort of legend of Zelda puzzle  you have to unlock because there are four elevators and not all of them go to the  floor you want.
  But if you're going to the restaurant, it's a different floor.
  Then you have to figure out which one to get on.
  And it's taking forever.
  And some of them are full.
  And there's other people that are they're confused and you're making eye contact  with them.
 And they're like, I don't know either.
  I've been here for seven minutes.
  What was very helpful is there was on most of them, there was like a digital  screen and you could just touch the like where you wanted to go as opposed to a  floor number for like restaurants or bars or like street level.
  Once we figured that out and we were teaching other people in the elevator, too,  as we were doing it and they're checking in, they're like, oh, you could just push  the button.
 Everyone did feel very vacationy.
  That was there.
 Like everyone was like happy and feeling chill.
  I thought, yeah, how could you not be when you're surrounded by free water,  the greatest songs and decorations?  Well, now, now that is decorations.
  Yes, because as soon as you walk in on the ground floor, you saw the giant flip flop,  the giant flip flop.
  Big flip flop with the pop top with a giant sculpted pop top from the famous line  from the song Margaritaville stepped on a pop top.
  It's the old old cans when you used to have to pop the tops off cans like beer cans  and stuff.
 It's an old thing.
  So if you and then if you look closely at the flip flop on the back,  it's a little fucked up.
 So, you know, in the the the on the front, too,  one of the rubber straps.
 Oh, yeah.
  On the front.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I see.
 OK.
 OK.
  Popped off.
 So we also haven't said, by the way, just this is not only just  not a hotel only we're talking about, but of course, a multiple story  Margaritaville restaurant.
 Right.
  Part of it is you need not stay there to experience this if you're in the New York  area.
 Of course, the spectacular sized Margaritaville restaurant.
  Anyway, just yes.
 Yeah.
  And we went there for happy hour the first day and there was a roving photographer.
  And they took and gave us this free picture.
  And they took a bunch of other pictures.
  And they're like, if you want the other pictures, they cost money.
  And we're like, oh, we're good with we're good with that.
  So that was free.
  Does you describe the notion of the postcard at the restaurant  as if that is a brand new.
  So you're telling me that there's a person with a camera.
  Though the photographer did not start in with the hard sell until she gave us  the free one and then started.
  I don't I never get this.
  I never, I never, I never.
  At Bucatubepo, it happens all the time.
  Sure.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 That seems like the place.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I went separate from you guys on that.
  You said no, I didn't get it.
  That was that summer where you kept saying no pictures everywhere you went.
  You were kind of waving people away.
  I was part of the spot too much content lately.
  There's no pictures.
  Make it up for it now.
 Those damn content.
  That's right.
 Now he says pictures, please.
  All these pictures.
  I just needed a few pictures of me looking sad in front of closed chain  restaurants or chain restaurants that have flipped to other thematic chain  restaurants.
 That's it.
  Oh, yeah.
 Up the like one block away from the Margaritaville Hotel  is the Hard Rock Cafe that used to be the WWE.
  Yeah.
 New York.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Whatever.
  So, yeah, what?  Yeah.
 So the Margaritaville restaurant, there is giant escalators  when you walk in the ground floor.
  And that's like on floors two and three.
  The Landshark Bar and Grill, which we all did eat at with Griffin Newman.
  Yes.
 Is on floor six and then floor seven is the hotel lobby.
  The Joe Merchant Coffee and Pastry.
  Mike, Mike can fill us all in on Joe Merchant.
  And then what that's in you is this accurate?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's one of his characters in his books.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There was Joe Merchant mentioned in the actual room, too.
  Oh, really? There was a Joe Merchant mentioned.
  We didn't tell them that yet.
 We have some secrets.
  Because Tully Mars is like his main guy from most of the books.
  I think Tully Mars is trying to find Joe Merchant.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I'm happy to see more Joe.
  Joe Merchant is like Hondo Anaka in, you know, Smuggler's Run.
  It's like you're getting some small, like less character, less big characters  than Tully Mars.
 I don't know whether.
  OK, I don't want to ask more.
  But I also feel like I am lacking.
  Absolutely.
 I have zero information.
  Who? Why does Tully Mars?  What is Tully Mars?  Why does he need to find Joe Merchant?  And what is Joe Merchant? What's Joe Merchant?  What is the.
  Well, I believe the book is called Where is Joe Merchant? Right.
  Yeah, I forget what the I have not read this book.
  Tully Mars is in multiple books.
  He's also the star of the Escape to Margaritaville musical.
  OK.
 Well, but Joe Merchant is also a character, I think.
  Oh, yeah.
 Isn't he?  Yeah, maybe you're right.
  I think so.
 How could I miss the plot of that?  And I saw it.
  So the musicals involved the greater Buffett lore, the lore from the novels.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Kind of use what they had.
  The lobby also had the license to chill lobby bar, which is the Saturday.
  I told you guys were all coming and I said, meet us in the lobby bar  because I thought, oh, we'll go from there.
  And Jane and I went down early to go to the lobby bar.
  And it was closed because there was an engagement party going on  at this tiny little lobby bar.
  And they're like, oh, we can't do regular drinks.
 Right.
  Like they were clearly our way to the bar.
  We fought our way through this crowd.
  And we got here and she's like, sorry, we can't.
  We were like, I was I was so pissed for.
  I was like, are you fucking kidding me?  And it wasn't that they couldn't make us drinks.
  That was they were clearly ringing up everyone's drinks on one  tap like whoever organized this party.
  Really small.
 So it wasn't like.
  I don't think Joe Merchant was in that musical.
  Was Joe Merchant not but Tully Mars was.
  Tully Mars is the star.
  Is the star.
 OK.
  Well, then I ask the question, where is Joe Merchant?  Well, I got to read the book then.
  I the only Margaritaville book I have read.
  Wait, hang on.
  You have read one.
  I got to tell you, well, I haven't read it in its entirety.
  I've read most of Chapter one.
  There's a pirate looks at.
  We're all over the map here.
  I know.
  You know, it's just that's been one of those weeks.
  It's a pirate looks at 50 because it's on the back of Jason's toilet  and has been there for.
  The back of his toilet.
  Just under the like the tissue, like it was just the toilet.
  Like a toilet book, like a poopy book.
  OK, like a bad.
 Yeah.
  Jason's toilet book.
  Jason's toilet book is a pirate looks at 50.
  Jimmy's Jimmy's book memoir kind of book about when he turned 50  and took all his family and friends down to the island.
  Weird.
  This one's not a narrative.
  There's no Tully Mars autobiography.
  This is nonfiction.
  Yeah, it was like very and I was like, hmm.
  But I was really bored one time.
  I was probably high, honestly.
  Yeah, it was not going well in there.
 So.
 Yeah.
  We're deep in detail.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Where are we?  But not in that because you only had time to read.
  If you'd been in multiple chapters.
  Territories.
  Because I was like, this guy kind of sounds like a dick.
  Like, I don't know about this, like white ass man trying to tell me.
  I was like, yeah, fuck this shit.
  But I have a problem with the guy  reflecting on his life of 50 years of hard living  and that being that he took people he knew on a trip.
  That didn't seem like enough of a compelling struggle for you.
  It was enough to like keep me entertained for a couple of minutes in the bathroom.
  That might have been the time to I like dropped my phone into your toilet.
  Was that it? OK.
  So that's the struggle, not some other.
  Well, I don't want to make anyone talk about the struggle, but you know.
  You I mean, did you say like, oh, you're like, I don't think this Jimmy Buffett  guy is a nice guy.
  And Jason threw a coffee cup at the wall and was like,  you take that back.
  You better stay in there the rest of the day.
  Those kind of words.
 So upset.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Huh.
  Well, I got it.
 Look, I have a lot of read.
  I know it's embarrassing.
 I haven't.
  I have I have only have we have a lot of reading.
  I have swine not.
  I have swine.
  Buffett's you were embarrassed before saying swine.
  Not that you would.
  The embarrassment kicked in before you said that phrase.
  Yeah, swine not.
  But I don't have the.
  I got I got a lot of catching up to do.
  Well, do you want to know the Joe Merchant touch in the room?  Of course.
 So again, behind the toilet.
  There's a toilet.
  Joe Merchant toilet.
  Where is Joe Merchant behind the toilet?  OK, so there was one of the pieces of like art was  the cover of the New Yorker where it has the Statue of Liberty,  like laying down chilling by one of the bridges.
 Right.
  Yes.
 That was a cover.
  And that was real.
 But they like altered it.
  And the book that was on there was Where's Joe Merchant?  As opposed to whatever it was in the right.
  Yeah.
 So this is a blown up like print of a New Yorker cover  with a Statue of Liberty is lounging on one of the bridges.
  They replaced the torch with a margarita,  one of the main decorative motifs in this building.
  And then instead of reading just a copy of the New Yorker,  reading a regular book, they Photoshopped  and are painted in a copy of Where's Joe Merchant?  So the New Yorker, which made this art, they have erased  the source of it and shoved their own book.
  Well, it still said the New Yorker on the top.
  OK, well, it's yeah, it's it's unclear who who made this art.
  I mean, it started as a New Yorker cover, but it's unclear.
  They got it on Redbubble.
 Yeah, it is.
  Yeah.
 They bought hundreds of prints on Redbubble to furnish this.
  The Joe Merchant.
 OK, the plot of the Joe Merchant book is,  first of all, was a bestseller,  but it revolves around Frank Bama, which is a character Jimmy plays  on Hawaii Five, oh, of course, we know that.
  And his ex-girlfriend, hemorrhoid ointment heiress, Trevor Kane.
  You did not just say hemorrhoid.
  I certainly did.
  Frank, a down on his seaplane pilot, is about to escape to Alaska  when Trevor unexpectedly jumps back into his life, asking for help  and tracking down her brother, the notorious rock star Joe Merchant.
  Other characters joining Frank and Trevor in their search  include sleazy tabloid reporter Rudy Brino, rocket scientist Desdemona,  who appears in the song Fruit Cakes.
  Oh, yeah.
 Many mercenaries and the jet ski killer.
  So that's a little bit about what the book is about.
  I wouldn't have thought.
  Why does Joe Merchant have the least colorful name as a rock star,  as a notorious rock star, rather?  That's a good question.
 I got to get the book.
  I'll buy the book.
 Just do it now.
  It'll be a second date.
 I'm worried.
  Yeah, it takes a down.
 Joe Merchant's second date.
  Joe Merchant's second date book club.
  So, yeah, so that New Yorker painting was above the toilet.
  The bathroom.
  Well, you can't that's that's like you can't look at Joe Merchant's name  while you're trying to take a shot.
  Well, there's a mirror in front of you.
  There is a mirror.
 So while you're shooting, you actually could.
  Great.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  So as long as you're already familiar with the with the name Joe Merchant,  enough to recognize it backwards, then you're fine.
  You can meditate on Joe and his notoriety.
  Yes.
 As you use the facilities.
  Some some confusing stuff in this bathroom.
  So at the end, tiny New York Hotel bathroom, very small.
  The so I'll give them a positive first.
  The towels were very big, like giant comfy towels, like very, very nice.
  I just like to say now we are this is the most micro review  of a themed experience we've ever we are now reviewing one particular bathroom,  which might apply to all of the bathrooms in the hotel.
  But specifically, I don't know if you want to give the floor number  or the room number.
 Oh, yeah.
  Give it to people.
  Well, for one, yeah.
  Well, OK, so we were doing the bathroom in room  1201 at the Margaritaville Times Square.
  It's a standard king.
  And the king, the king takes up the king that takes up most of the room  with some very, very narrow walkways.
  Yeah.
 The so big towels, very small floor space.
  If you use a couple of towels, the bathroom feels very crowded,  very quickly.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
  Also, and and we we went to an Airbnb like a year and a half ago or something.
  And they had this design feature, too.
  I keep seeing this.
  So imagine a shower.
  There's a glass like wall for the shower.
  There's no sliding door.
  The half a wall, half a glass wall.
  So then what happens is you take a shower and if you just move a little,  the entire floor of the bathroom just kind of floods.
  Like there's nothing stopping.
  Well, what didn't help is there was like a rain shower.
  But then there was also one of the hand ones.
  And if you turned the hand one at all towards like yourself,  it would just shoot right out.
  And so I got out and I was like, why is the toilet covered in water  and the floor and the counter?  And I was like, what the fuck?  So then the rest of the time, I'd like hug the front of the shower  to like try to avoid.
  Yeah, not ideal.
  Not not ideal.
  But hey, correct with a Margaritaville coffee pods for different kinds,  for different kinds of for different flavors, for different flavors.
  You know, can we get the flavors?  You have them written down?  Did you take a pic?  I did.
 I take a pic.
  I don't know the flavors.
  You had a good one.
  Yeah, I kept drinking the coconut.
  It was coconut light roast, medium roast, dark roast.
  So can I ask just vacation wise, both of you? Yeah.
  What's the review?  Always put the do not disturb in the morning, because I generally am like that  where I'm just like, I'm going to sleep in late.
  Like, are you on the same page about getting up later on vacation?  This one is that all?  This one was a little less of like a leisurely because we had stuff to do.
  You know what I mean? Right.
  So we kind of planned like the housekeeping and stuff around what we were doing.
  But I mean, you know what I'm doing?  You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, yeah.
  Like Joshua Tree, the one you were just talking about.
  That was obviously we didn't do anything.
  But this one we had like plans.
  So that did kind of dictate like what we were doing.
  But yeah, I mean, I like to chill and sleep in like.
  If I if I put the do not disturb on the door, I usually call and say,  hey, just letting housekeeping know we're leaving for the day.
  Like if I'm oh, yeah, you're if I'm too late,  you need a human being to have been in there.
  I know that about you.
  Oh, one day we did it.
  Yeah, one day we did.
  And then you just slept in.
  No.
 Well, but we needed someone to take away the hotel towels.
  They were piling up so much that it was like at the top of the.
  Toilet.
 Well, I will take blame.
  I will take blame for a lot of them because.
  Look, a bunch of showers and also we had to use one of the towels.
  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
  All right.
 Here we go.
  Showers left and right every five minutes.
  Well, here we go.
  New York just makes me feel dirty the second I get there.
  I feel grimy.
  Also, it was more humid than I had been used to because, you know,  and I was like, why do I just feel wet?  And also, I think I just had like generalized anxiety,  which comes out in weird ways.
  So like, admittedly, it was probably my anxiety, too.
  And like the shower was just it was actually really nice.
  The water pressure was nice.
  It was like nice fixtures that I don't have at my apartment.
  So part of it was like, oh, this is kind of like a luxury.
  Yeah.
 But I also like use a lot of towels for like makeup or for like,  I, you know, I use them for a lot of shit.
  And so also like, you know, you don't have to wash them.
  It's like hotels.
 Fun.
  You just be like more towels, please.
  I would love a picture of how many towels you.
  Man, I wish I would have found by this.
  Yeah.
 I mean, between hand towels and washcloths and stuff, you know,  I was only what did I stay three nights and I used like one and a half towels.
  I think I went through probably.
  Yeah.
 Eight to ten between hand towels, washcloths and regular towels,  because I change my washcloth every time in the shower.
  And then I have one used filled  foundation all over the carpet at one point.
  Hi.
 Comes out.
  Whatever.
  So we tell that up, we wipe that up.
  Did you ruin the beautiful carpet they have in there?  No, it was like the wood floor on the part where I was.
  Oh, yeah, it was.
  The foundation did not splash on the Joe Merchant name.
  We kept Joe's name from history.
  No, I was really worried that you would like  ruined a beautiful picture of a Marlin on a piece of carpet.
  There there was some very generic kind of like  island art along the wall.
  OK, good.
 They chose to.
  This also kind of pissed me off.
  So the the king bed was like perfectly square in this square room.
  But then in front of you, the TV was like a skew just to the right  so they could put three like shitty generic pieces of art.
  And I was like, why didn't they center this?  So you're watching the TV like slightly askew and it really bothered.
 Yeah.
  Where they were all like sort of like aquatic life.
  It's like a beach, like it had like a life painting of like a lifeguard stand.
  And yes, like a girl surfing or something.
  They want you staring at that stuff and not looking at the stock report.
  They want you getting near that island lifestyle.
  And I guess so.
 Yeah.
  It's five o'clock somewhere, you know.
  We had a window that opened.
  We yes, we did have floor ceiling windows.
  Oh, what was like? Yeah.
  So it was a weird.
 Yes, you're right.
  It did kind of wind open, but only a few inches.
  No screen.
 Yeah, because they don't want.
  Is it illegal to have a window where you could jump out?  Is that what? No.
  But hotels liability insurance goes way down  if there is not a balcony and you can't fully like open the windows.
  But it was nice, though, to like get some fresh air in there  for a few minutes if we wanted to.
  Yeah.
 Like here, the city and like, I don't know.
 It's nice.
  Yes.
 That brings up another negative about this hotel  that I would catch every now and then.
  The smell I would ever not just in the room, the smell of cigarettes  in the room and then in the gift shop on the ground floor.
  So I think it was the ventilation system needs a cleaning.
  Are there smoking floors? I don't think there are.
  I think it's a nice.
  Smell the tune.
 I was like, we were like, what is that?  This is a new facility.
 How could this be?  That is yes.
 I was saying.
  Do you think somebody might have been smoking cigarettes in the room illegally?  I don't know.
  Or if it was like someone smoking.
  I mean, in all fairness, we were like  eight floors up from the lobby terrace.
  But when we looked out there, there was never anyone out there.
  So I did feel like it was coming through the vents.
  Could there have been like ghosts smoking ghosts?  It could have been smoking ghosts.
  Which characters that the smoking ghost, the smoking ghost.
  Is there it's Jimmy Buffett's book, The Smoking Ghost.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 He's in his own.
  Yeah, that's that's separate from the token.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's the newer version.
  But everything else smelled like really nice.
  That's the thing.
 It was weird.
  Like the I know the room was really nice.
  Like everything was very clean and really pretty.
  Like the the color motif that they kind of had throughout  was a shade that I kind of described as Tiffany's  like blue green, but a few shades darker.
  And that was kind of what one of the main walls was.
  So it was like this kind of like, you know, like a aqua water, but like nice.
  Like a turquoise here.
  You can see it in the decorative pillow that says  changes in latitude on one side and then the other side says changes in attitude.
  So from from here, it looks like when you put a baby on a bed or something.
  We OK, that bed is so big.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we're the way your legs are positioned.
  I'm not.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I'm wearing little sweatpants and I got little socks on.
  So I'm looking at this from four or five feet away.
  Yeah, I'll point out.
  I'm sure you'll post these pictures, but yeah, one side said changes in  latitude, changes in attitude.
  He goes now flip it over and is like, put your sunglasses on.
  And then he's like, changes in attitude.
  And he was like, look at all cool attitude changed between the two photos.
  This is good.
 You're living content.
  The motto.
 Do you feel like you bonded over your love of content creation?  During the day overlay, you're creating content.
  You're both creating content together.
  You're collaborating as you are now lifting each other up.
  Well, you know, we did not take advantage of it.
  So this was a nice feature.
  I hadn't seen a hotel room before.
  The room service menu you ordered on the TV.
  But interesting.
  There was how does it work?  Are you going to tell me like you select like here's the entrees and like drinks  and sandwiches and stuff.
  Beer is spelled with three E's on this.
  I didn't know that.
  So every now and then I would catch a little thing where I was like  like a little misspelling or a little like, you know,  rug is fucked up or something.
  So that menu is like as if you were changing the like brightness of your screen  is the same sort of type of menu you would you would get to order a quesadilla.
  Yeah, it's sort of like, oh, every I couldn't get it to work,  but it did have a built in Chromecast.
  So like in theory, you should have been able to cast.
  I tried to cast a YouTube video and it worked up until it said like,  this app is not supported, so YouTube must like.
 Yeah.
 So.
  The company that Google owns doesn't Google owns YouTube.
  It wasn't working.
  What was working was the channel that's just footage of beaches.
  Here we go.
 This is what we need.
  Pro con con the loop.
  The video loop is four minutes long.
 What?  And it's very abrupt.
 It's very abrupt.
  It goes to a black silent screen.
  And so we tried to fall asleep to it and we'd start drifting.
  And then it'd be like an abrupt black screen.
  And then like, like it was it sucked and allowed.
  You're watching beach TV.
  Back to the beginning.
  Yeah.
 And we're like, that's crazy that that's not an hour long loop or something.
  We should look to the look to your restaurants, look to islands restaurants.
  There's a precedent for this.
  And they have loops every day of video loops from the restaurants  and from the museum, the elevators like.
 Yes.
  We got to talk about the elevators.
  So the elevators had big screen TVs in them playing like stock island footage  with rock music over it.
  Got to say, not enough Jimmy in this whole resort.
  They'd so much other music.
  And then I feel like those loops.
  Well, I will say we heard you make a mistake over the one of the loops like twice.
  And I heard jaded.
 I got jaded.
  You got jaded.
 That was very exciting.
  You got the jade.
 I kept sending you guys that the ambience elevator clips.
  I heard that Beatles.
  I saw her standing there like two or three times in the elevator.
  So the elevator loops are not long either.
  So they're short loops.
 Yeah.
 Interesting.
  I feel like points knocked for short.
  Loops.
 No points.
  How good big tells too big for small room.
  Water is good.
  We did.
 Good.
  We did get some little cards when we checked in.
  So one was the buy one, get one free cocktail,  which we ended up using at the Landshark bar.
  Oh, I got a free drink.
 Remember to.
  Oh, yes.
 And they messed up.
  Like they gave you the wrong like happy hour drinks.
  So they just let you keep it.
  She was like, it's just a waste if I throw it away.
  Do you want you want to just keep it?  And I was like, hell yeah.
  Yeah.
 It was a frozen margarita.
  I asked for mango.
 She gave me strawberry and then she came out and gave me mango.
  So there was like the first day I was like, I got a free drink.
 I'm good.
  So you said hell with extra ease, like the extra beer.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's what I think.
  Maybe that's maybe it wasn't a mistake.
  Maybe they're telling you just like, don't be done with the order.
  I'll have a beer.
 No, no, no.
 Yeah.
  I'll have a beer.
  That's a reference to one of the books.
  Yeah.
 The character spells beer with three.
  You had to really work with the editor and the publisher to say, no, no, no.
  I want all those ease.
  I'm checking that.
  Don't even do this.
  Put in a macro.
 Put in a rule.
  All those mustard stains on the.
  I want those.
  You need to stain page 76 in each copy.
  Simon and Schuster get sand between the pages.
  That's what I want.
  So, yeah, we like the Margaritaville.
  I tried to reserve the Statue of Liberty booth.
  Well, let's see what this needs to be explained.
  Let's explain this is the big Griffin sent us a video of this a few months ago.
  Yes, this tantalized us.
  We wanted to see this very much.
  A giant statue of a 30 foot statue of liberty  that is, look, to repeat the thing from the wall art that you saw.
  If you can believe it, not holding a torch, not holding America's torch,  but rather a margarita, a margarita glass, which I think is very disrespectful.
  Let's not mess with the Statue of Liberty for laughs and giggles and fun.
  Yeah.
 So maybe I didn't want to see it.
  No, but there's a whole light show that happens every and then we're in.
  Then I looked at video of it because we didn't get to do it.
  But there's a little booth.
  There's one solitary booth inside the Statue of Liberty.
 Yes.
  With two little TVs that loop to little TVs playing the little little.
  They're very little.
  Tv's are weird.
  Like languages coming out are weird, like our weird little relationship.
  Idiosyncrasies.
  Um, yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, I feel like the the restaurant loops have gotten more generic to.
  Well, we have we talked on the show before about the Margaritaville at City  Walk, how sometimes you go in there and it's like nonstop Jimmy.
  And then sometimes you go, they play the Jimmy song in nine songs.
  Like what's going on? Without looking it up, I guarantee you.
  Yes, we've talked about this.
  Yeah, probably many times.
  But yes, go on.
  When we were at the Margaritaville, a Jimmy song started playing.
  And then it seemed like they hit next.
  It's like little interlude.
  It seemed as though it was like, yeah, was I programming it?  Yeah, we got to get to Applebee's on date night or chicken fried or whatever.
  I think, though, they are making maybe they are making this calculation  in the markets of New York and Los Angeles, that maybe the fandom  of Mr.
 Jimmy Buffett is not that large.
  But I wanted more New York like Jimmy famously has a property in Montauk,  just north of the city famously.
  There was a big profile.
  The audience knows all like this is obvious.
  This is plain as what is the sky blue.
  I think we all read that profile in the New Yorker from the New York Times  a few years ago talking about the changing face of Montauk.
  And they started profiling the locals at a bar and slowly  revealed one of them was Jimmy Buffett.
  And yeah, I want it.
  I want a little more, Jimmy.
  I want a little more New York stuff.
  You were just like, give it a special soundtrack.
  Do Jimmy singing like New York, New York or something?  I think I just want it a little more than just the Statue of Liberty  and some like photos of taxi cabs.
  What? What do you mean?  I don't know.
 You want to know?  Well, all right.
 A starfish is driving the taxi.
  Great.
 I like that.
  The precedent.
  Look, I understand what you're coming from, because the precedent  they've set so far of immaculate theming based on the city they're in.
  You know, it's just it's it's I mean, the Orlando one,  honestly, makes the other ones look like shit.
  Like because it's a little it's it's not like amazing.
  But it's bad.
 It certainly got more specific stuff.
  But, you know, look, is the city walk  Margaritaville a little disappointing? Yes.
  I've still never been.
  It seems like it's been dying since two weeks after it.
  You guys all make it sound like shit.
  Why am I trying to go there?  Because the Orlando City Walk one I've been to because I used to live there.
  And like, yeah, it's great.
 It's super fun.
  I'm like, well, why the fuck am I trying to go here if the food sucks and it sucks?  We did go to the bar.
 There's a bar.
  It's not technically the roof, but it's like a top floor, I guess.
  And we that one that we're very clearly trying to do.
  Let me get the name.
  So the top bar was the five o'clock somewhere bar,  because sometimes they just throw these signs up at the rest.
  We didn't go there, though.
  No, we didn't go there.
  Commit to the site.
 They're throwing signs out willy nilly.
  I don't like this.
  No, I think it's better in New York because they've given each one  its own little space and a sign and a sign.
 OK.
  It was a little I mean, we were like, OK, we'll get cocktails  and we'll go out on the patio.
  The only thing was it was 43 degrees and windy.
  So it's like, all right, we're taking the cocktails back to the city.
  Is so cold in April.
  And I was so unhappy.
  Yeah, they're in a good time.
  I would call that a good period.
 Yeah.
  There.
 And yet, yeah, I got tricked.
  I went in April a couple of years ago and I didn't bring enough  heavy clothes, heavy clothes, and I got tricked again.
  Just bring me what I did between the buildings that like genuinely  the wind gets so insane that like I think that's part of it, too.
  I found.
 Yeah.
 The first night I was in, I found Scott  wandering alone Times Square at what time it was like the wind was blowing.
  It was like almost like we had like found each other  in the middle of Antarctica or something.
  Yeah, that was very intense.
  You should say I wasn't like walking around looking for  drugs or offering offering peep show services.
  I was I was trying to find you.
  No, that's fair.
 I wasn't in.
  I went into this.
 I had fallen into a gutter.
  I was in a super.
 What time was this?  That was really late.
 It was pretty late.
  Yeah.
 And I was in the Taco Bell Cantina.
  And then you said you came, but you didn't see me.
  I went to a raw, the incorrect Taco Bell Cantina.
  And I started trying to find the one you were at and you informed me  that a big fight was breaking out.
  So maybe I should not go to that.
  I was like, I'm not going to that.
  The Taco Bell Cantina was a real scene.
  Yeah.
 There there were two Taco Bell Cantina's within blocks of each other.
  And they just seemed like a fight is about to break out at any any moment.
  And they didn't have my food.
  And the manager was half dealing with that and then half had his eyes trained  on something that like he knew something was going on.
  But I couldn't tell what it was because I kept turning around  and going, there's people back there, but I don't see anything going on.
  So he was like, what's your order? What is it?  And then he's like shouting at somebody to do something from my.
  That was exactly my experience as well.
  I'm not even kidding you.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  It was a lot of yelling and a lot of chaos.
  And I was just like so overwhelmed.
  I like grabbed the food and I went outside and waited for Jason.
  And then I got more overwhelmed because it was so cold.
  And this guy started like talking to me, like trying to hit on me a little bit.
  And I was like so pissed about it.
  I was like, Jason, where are you?  Jason came in and she knocked the guy, knocked the guy right out.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Come help me.
 Took it.
  I got to grab the Times Square Elmo, barreled him right into the guy.
  Not grab the dirty, dirty.
  Reality, what happened was I like stormed off in front of Jason.
  I just met him back.
  Well, in front of Jason.
  Well, I said I said like, keep like we were going through a crowd.
  And I was like, oh, don't wait for me because like my  I my knee is actually pretty good right now.
  But it was it was so cold in New York.
  It was it was really like uncomfortable.
  I do feel bad.
  Oh, no, that's I did help.
  I did.
 We did help people.
  You did help me a lot.
  But but awfully defensive.
  Totally missed.
 But you abandoned him.
  She totally missed when I said, well, you get your food.
  I'll take you back to the hotel and then I'll get mine.
  She missed that suggestion.
  And so she ordered something.
  And then she went, now, go get whatever you're going to eat.
  And I was like, all right, I guess I'm leaving you alone in the talk.
  The Taco Bell Cantina.
  I look to be, you know, to be fair to everyone, the Taco Bell.
  It's a high pressure situation.
  I've learned to learn.
  It's not like the Vegas one.
  Vegas, which is so chill.
  And I was like, oh, I'll get one of the Baja blasts that are spiked to take it  with me.
 He's like, what are you talking about?  And I was like, can you do that?  Oh, I guess because I've only done that in Vegas.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We were also just so confused because every block in Times Square,  there's guys just going like weed, edibles, joint, like cocaine.
  We're like, we're OK.
  Like I kept saying, like, I'm an idiot.
  I'm not a sucker.
  Like, I know this isn't real.
  Did you say it? Did you say it?  I didn't say that.
  I kept saying that to myself.
  No, no, no, no.
  What is that real?  Jay's raising her hand.
  I call on Jayne.
  OK, so right downstairs from Margaritaville,  there were like two little like tables of dudes who had like card  tape, like three card Monte tables repurposed.
  And they were like, hey, like they clearly have like joints and nugs  and stuff.
 And we walked up.
  So like, Jason, did the tables have like card marks on them?  Was it did it have like the I'm just saying it's a perfect size  for three cards and a little bit of room to move around.
  Purchase for three card Monte, but people, the jig is up on that.
  So we've all right.
  Let's convert them to a new scam.
  But like New York is not.
  Yeah, yes, I'm sorry.
  What the tables were made for.
  Anyway, I swear to God, I just want to talk over you.
  There's three of us.
 I'm sorry.
  I know.
 Now the floor is yours.
  Thank you.
 So anyway, I would say, oh, I'll stop.
  I'll stop.
 I'll stop.
  Oh, he's OK.
  So I was like all about it because I was like, you know, I like to smoke New York.
  I couldn't really smoke because they don't have it.
  I was like, why don't we just like go see what's up?  So we walk up to this table and there's like a thing of pre-rolls  and there's things of nugs.
  And we were like, is this real THC?  Like we were like not fucking around.
  And they were like, oh, I'm sorry.
  This sounds like Jason seemed like you were starting to fight as soon as you saw it.
  And now you're saying you guys were looking at the table and like  actually think about it.
  I'm telling you my thought process.
  Yeah.
 So and we were like  we were like, they're going to think we're like dumb.
  And we were like, what strain is it?  And they were like, oh, it's this is this.
  And they opened the bags and we're smelling nugs on the street.
  Like we're straight up just smelling nugs.
  And I was like, well, we're from L.
A.
  And they were like, oh, they knew the jig was up.
  We were like, so I don't know about that.
  They're like, yeah.
  Just quick question for a non weed guy.
  What are you talking about?  Well, you mean it was bad or it was like, it was like, no, it smelled.
  Mostly right.
  But there were vans, every block and a storefront for Weedworld.
  And I looked I Googled We World scam.
  Just edible.
 And it is.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Edibles.
  And it is there's multiple articles about it being a scam.
  Like it's scam.
  Hold on.
 Yeah.
  When one way that's what I'm thinking.
  Take us through it.
 Yes.
 Go.
 Go ahead.
  Thank you.
  So the content and potency of these nugs and and different things  was probably not high grade, was probably like a lot of CBD or hemp base.
  So they're trying to go like, oh, here, this is a high THC concentration.
  Like you're going to get really high.
  And it's really probably just shitty, like nothing.
  You know what I mean?  So in this sense, they're like charging you because they were like, oh,  what did they say, like 10 or 15 per pre roll that they had sitting there?  And I was like, for that, like in my head, I'm like, that's not even like  half a gram pre roll.
 That's not even a gram.
  Yeah.
 So you're not going to really get high.
  You might feel a little body relax from the if it's if there is  CBD in there, but they also weren't pushing that it was so the Nug.
  So I apologize for this, but the Nug is like flower fake.
  No, it's like a fake.
 It's flower Nug.
  It's a complete fake Nug.
  No, it's probably just extracted hemp.
  So hemp is not the same.
  How do you all know this, though?  You're just you're are you guessing? Are you looking at it?  It doesn't look.
 It's just both.
  It's not legal.
 Yeah, it's not.
  It's not fully.
 Yeah, it's legal to possess,  but they haven't set up the selling.
  They haven't finished setting up how to properly sell it.
  And I think to the way the guys were trying to sell it.
  And as soon as we kind of were like, we know what's up.
  And they kind of were like, yeah, you know what I mean?  Like they're going to try to get people to buy it because it's like weed.
  And people are cool.
  But if you know what's up, it's like this isn't even good.
  I like the idea, though, because this is like I am so  like I don't want to talk to anybody that's asked, like anybody  that's shouting stuff at me on the street ever.
  Like I'm just so not like interested in that.
  I just find it fascinating that you two walked up there  and he's like, hey, take a look what I've got.
  And you're like, I don't think so, pal.
  Like this is the most stressful situation to me ever.
  We were in charge.
 We are little, but we are alpha.
 Yeah.
  And now we know you say little in this way.
  I love that little.
 Which adds some force to it.
  You may be little.
  Because you add a little syllable there.
  Listen, weed people.
  First, we know that table was for three karatmati.
  Second, we may be little.
  I like so yeah, Jason rolls up, Jason rolls up.
  He starts like running his finger on the table.
  Uses for three karatmati before.
  This looks like a three karatmati table.
  I know card residue when I see it.
  Crack that bag.
 Let me smell those nugs.
  We literally did.
 We were like, here, let's see.
  And we were sniffing little bags and we were like, well, what?  They were like, oh, it's this, this, this.
  And I was like, yeah, I don't know.
  It's also they weren't even doing because I had read about  and have acquired something.
  There is a thing pulled from hemp called THCB,  which because it's pulled from hemp is legal in like 40 plus states.
  And it can be kind of potent.
  They call it diet weed.
  There's a bunch of articles about diet weed.
 Huh?  So you that is easier to sell.
  I think they'll start regulating it like like anything else.
  These guys, I said, I asked, is it THCB?  Is it diet? They're like, no, no, it's real.
  And it's like, I know this isn't real.
  So so so you so you didn't even just try a little bit  just to see like no price because it was overpriced.
  And it was like a J was like 15 bucks and it definitely was not a full gram,  which if it's good quality weed, 15 bucks for like, OK, like maybe.
  Yeah, make sense out here.
  But like, yeah, how much?  Excuse me.
 How much is a J normally?  Well, anywhere between like four dollars and like twenty dollars.
  We're really going for it.
  And we get now.
  So we get what we like is Pacific Stone is a really good brand out here.
  Well, it's like it's like it's like a solid brand.
  You're going to find it everywhere.
  We get is Jimmy involved in that?  Is that is that part of Margaritaville holding?  No, no, no.
  Does it ask from the Pacific?  We tried Seth Rogen's weed a few weeks ago.
  Oh, it was very cute.
  It was the first day that the pre rolls came out.
  I like to buy pre rolls on like to roll my own.
  And Jason surprised me for our three year anniversary  on the day that the J's dropped.
  I was in the bathtub and he came in and went happy anniversary.
  And I freaked out.
 I was so pumped.
  I was like literally like you got me Seth Rogen's weed.
  I'm so excited.
  And we went out and smoked it.
  And I was like, this is the best day of my fucking life.
  So that is pretty good.
  But I was going to say, well, usually.
 Yeah.
  So and that one was it lived up to your expectations?  Yeah.
 OK, that was very good.
  Very smooth, a really nice high.
  It was a sativa.
  It's apparently one he smokes all day that he like curated.
  Made sense.
  It like you could.
  I felt pretty like with it, but just kind of nice.
  But what we usually smoke to go back to how much is a pre roll or a J or whatever.
  But J, that's how I said it.
  Like Jay Leno.
  So like, hey, no, I didn't do it.
  That was my nerd voice gotten on my cool comedian voice.
  So Jay Leno is cool.
  If you're doing a cool voice, that's how I know you're doing.
  Yeah, it was a very voice.
  Anyway, so we like to get the 14 packs.
  And those are about well, we go to a place now where every Sunday,  those are 15 percent off.
  So for forty nine dollars, you get 14 pre rolls.
  So whatever that math is, I don't know.
  Now, my question is, why aren't you guys doing a weed podcat?  We're talking about content.
  You know, like he told me I cannot be on a podcast.
  I said, what if I started a podcast?  He said, stay in your lane and do music.
  And he threw a coffee cup against the wall.
  I heard about that.
  I'm so sick of these theme park coffee  coffee, I've gotten too many.
  I need to whittle them down some way.
  Yeah, he said, no, no.
  It said I'm too grumpy for this morning and he threw it.
  Every day, every goddamn day.
  Anything.
 OK, so this is fascinating.
  I didn't realize because I know you you I was hearing this sort of just a little  bit here and there during the trip, like, oh, you know, they don't have anything.
  And I was like, there are people constantly asking me  if I want weed or cocaine on the street.
  Yes, it's not going to be good.
  So that's probably going to be you got offered cocaine.
  Multiple times.
  We both did.
  Multiple times.
  That's not going to be clean.
  That's going to be some real shitty stuff is going to make you.
  That's the thing, too.
  Yeah, I did so much.
  It was great.
  Yeah, I didn't sleep the whole trip.
  Cut it with laxatives.
  It's a powder.
  No problem.
  You know, they put like preface.
  I've never done cocaine.
  All I've ever done, honestly, is weed.
  I've never even smoked a cigarette.
  So to be fair, all I do is smoke weed.
  In general.
  I mean, there goes your short term memory.
  It's fried out in that moment.
  He gets frustrated with me because I like can't pay attention.
  He's like, oh, that weed fried your brain.
  I'm like, you smoked too.
  I'm like, oh, here we go.
  Jason has turned to his notes.
  What can I turn to?  What's the next topic?  Why did I tell them you were coming on this?  Oh, I don't know.
  I think I don't know why I'm like on one.
  I'm sorry.
  You're fine.
  We're just having fun.
  We're just having a good time.
  This is more than fun.
  Exactly what we want.
  Yeah, keep going.
  I mean, I will say that I we I mentioned we didn't get the weed.
  We did get cocktails from that rooftop bar.
  And then he goes, but I ate.
  So that's a negative.
  Then street tells weed.
  But then it turned out I was that turned out to be wrong.
  So the rooftop kind of bar, they're going more for a mixology kind of thing,  like a little higher end than the Margaritaville bar.
  And we got this that this is meant to be more of a like New York wine bar.
  Yeah, the bite is not not super trot like going for like what other rooftop bars  are like, yeah, the one that had the sign that said like, forgive me, father,  for I have finned or was that that was that land shark?  I saw you take a picture of it, Mike.
  But it said like, give me father, for I have finned.
  And I was like, what the fuck?  Yeah.
  Why would you ever need to ask for forgiveness for that?  No, for finning.
  But what was funny is the joyous act.
  The rooftop bar was funny as he was like, we just bring these back to the room.
  Just be cool about it.
 I was like, OK.
  But he was so precise and adamant about me hiding it.
  I was like, I know how to do this.
  He's like, no, no, no.
 Turn this way so they don't see it.
  I'm like, it's a plastic cup that they're probably fine with us  taking to the room.
 He's like, wait, this is this Jason, you're saying?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's trying to get around about not where to.
  But why are you making it sound like I'm so mean?  Oh, I don't know.
 Sorry.
  I love it.
 He's just he's just worried.
  You know, I'm just worried.
  We have anxiety.
 I don't.
  I for whatever.
  Showers, he for whatever reason.
  For whatever reason, every cup in this building is plastic.
  I didn't see any glassware.
  I am like a bull in a china shop.
  I would have dropped that shit everywhere.
  Yeah.
 Out onto the street.
  And then people are would have landed right on top of that table.
  The end of their business.
  So I'm on the three car Monty table.
  But the cocktails were like 20 bucks each.
  And one was right.
  One was vodka.
 And they tasted.
  We switched.
 We switched because it's like, oh, this.
  Neither of these were very good.
  Did they have fun?  And do you have the menu?  Do they have fun?  Funner names than the regular ones?  I not really.
  I saw I looked up some of the names.
  I think these are from this bar.
  You got the you got the not a care in the world.
  OK, you got the Jamaica mistake.
  There you go.
 There you go.
  You got the all right, all right, all right.
  I did see that.
 Oh, yeah.
  So now I feel it because here's another.
  Is it elsewhere in the restaurant?  You can order the Lyman de Coconut, which is a tropical song.
  But this is a Harry Nilsson song.
  Yeah, at this point, I feel like they're co-opting other.
  And with all right, all right, all right.
  We are now taking the McConaughey phrase, which I'm amazed.
  He is not copyrighted.
  I'm amazed that you can say I could do it right now on this Patreon  and not get say all right three times in a row.
  He's he needs to lock that shit down.
  Yeah, Paris Hilton did.
  Did she get that's hot many years ago?  I didn't see so trademark case.
  She's bleep it.
  Bleep it.
 She's looking up the cocktails.
  So I think I got the.
  One was like Yuzu, lemon and vodka, and one was like pineapple and rye.
  And yeah, they weren't super different.
  Wasn't it like cucumber?  Cucumber.
 That sounds good and exotic.
  Can we talk real quick just about when I got there for the first time  is when we had that we were we when we ate with Griffin.
  And I went up, I went in there, I got excited.
  I took photos for content, took photos, texted for content to some people.
  And then I went up the escalator.
  That elevator trip was easy.
  I got right to the floor.
  And then you guys were all outside and it was freezing.
  And we sat down and there was a whole like beach deck by the pool,  which was like, cool, it was a good scenic area.
 Yeah.
  And we sat down and there were, I would say, like seven or eight heaters  sort of right lining the wall, would you say?  Like, yeah, I don't know.
  To see it was pretty cloudy, drippy.
 Right.
  It's like, OK, so we are heated out here.
  That'll be good.
 Yeah, that'll be great.
  And we sat down and of all the heaters, one was working  and we asked one of the people who worked there,  can we turn some of these other ones on?  And he basically told us if he if he turned it on,  it would blow out a fuse, essentially.
 Right.
  That might be even a blow up the entire facility.
 Yeah.
  Oh, well, they someone had told they couldn't find us.
  They couldn't find extension cords.
  It's like, oh, yeah, I'll send the other bar.
  Keep stealing extension cords from each other.
  And the ones that were out there, it was like a weird tangled mess.
  Yeah.
 Let's see if we can weave this one.
  Yeah, you're really not supposed to plug heaters into  power strips or extension cord, but they were like the big like weed  whacker kind of extension.
  So I'm like, oh, maybe that's OK.
  But I'm like, I got to figure this extension cord thing out.
  They got to figure out this heater thing.
  Heater at the five o'clock somewhere bar.
  Remember this? Oh, yeah.
  He was going to go get it, but they were closing in like 10 minutes.
  And we just kind of gave up because this guy was going to go get it for us.
  And then it just never happened.
 We just went.
  Yeah.
 Every now and then someone would just say  they were going to do something and then just disappear.
  That would happen a few times where someone's like, yeah, I'll be right there.
  They disappeared forever.
  And then we'd never see them again.
 Yeah.
  Restaurants.
 But I will say housekeeping and everything.
  Man, Miguel was really cool.
  I think Amelia was you.
  You were.
 They might be listening.
  So show them all.
 Yeah, I'm just saying.
  They were nice.
  I like to learn their names and stuff because it's like, hey, like, what's up?  You're like, if you're nice and also, yeah, they're just people.
  You nice people.
 But like, yeah, they would fucking hook you up.
  Be like, hey, Miguel, what's up?  But run into him in the because it's small.
  I run into him all the time in the elevators and be like, oh, hey, how's your trip?  You know, like people were cool.
  It also sounds like you guys you were telling us before we started.
  You guys made a lot of calls downstairs.
  Every got you made a lot of requests.
  I mean, yeah, she's going through a towel every 10 minutes.
  So would it be the same?  Would it be the same flip?  Jane just flipped him off.
  Would it be the same?  You know, I don't know if you know this, this baby predates you guys dating.
  There is an option on this show to put Jason in a penalty box.
  No, I'm just letting you know.
  Do not.
  This is a precedent.
  Penalty box is covered in dust.
  Only money as a key.
  And that was the next deck here.
  We'd have to send you into the yard for a minute.
  Well, he could still go to my deck if he wants.
  You just got to drive.
  Oh, I just got to drive.
  OK, so if you want, you can ask him to drive to Mike's place.
  OK, good to know.
  It's an option.
  There was one big sure coming we haven't touched upon yet.
  The website promised.
  Oh, in the room.
  Yeah.
 Oh, is right.
  The website from his slippers and robes in every room.
  We only got slippers.
 We got slippers.
  They were nice.
 They were nice.
  I went to the lobby.
  They were nice.
  They were nice.
  I was a little hungover.
  Call down said there are no robes.
  And they're like, oh, we don't have robes.
  You made the call.
  I made the call.
  Do you want to know how many times we called?  I would call and go like, hey, we need more towels.
  And then they wouldn't come.
  And then they brought us beach towels and we're like, hey, bro, like,  can we get the regular towels?  We started and we started calling.
  This is how you knew everyone's name.
  You were talking to staff.
  Constantly, many times a day because we kept going.
  I'll go down and get this in the lobby.
  And then we'd stand at the elevator for 10 or 15 minutes and no elevator would come.
  So we'd call down.
  We'd go back and go like, I can we get that?  Like we we were going to go get ourselves.
  We couldn't get down there.
  Yeah.
 I just call me like, hey, we need some more washcloths.
  And also, can you give us like four waters?  And they'd be like, yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
 One morning when we were really feeling it from the night before, again,  Jordan, very nice man named Jordan.
  I was like, Jordan, we need water.
  We're so hung over.
  And he would just come to our door with four waters.
  And then like a couple hours later, I'd be like, Jordan, we need more.
  And he would come and like, give us water.
  Jordan, Jordan, Jordan.
  He thought it was so funny.
  Like, he was really not.
 Everyone was really nice.
  I puked all over the Joe Merchant sign on the wall.
  Jordan, please clean it up so I can learn about Joe Merchant more.
  Like they know what's up.
  And if you're nice and chill, they're like, yeah, what's up?  Here you go.
 Like, you know, I mean, like,  oh, I was going to call him Joe Noah.
  What's his name again? Jordan, Jordan, Jordan.
  Jason needs a table to play three card monty.
  You steal it from those guys on the street.
  Their weed's no good anyway.
  Look, it's the same vibe as the fake watches, fake designer,  clothes, designer bags, fake.
  It's just fake.
 You know,  it was like right downstairs from our hotel, which was funny.
  It was like always right by our hotel.
  The the the best person selling stuff on the street, there was even more.
  They were always like stand up comedy tonight, stand up comedy tonight.
  The flyers for that.
  And we were walking by.
 It was so cold.
  We were going to go see company.
  And the one guy went stand up comedy.
 I went, oh, no, thank you.
  And he went, look at you shivering and you're holding your coat.
  What's wrong with you? Like, yeah.
  Oh, I got roasted by this stand up guy.
  And I was just like, I'm just trying to get there in my head.
  I'm like, I didn't want to stop and put it on so crowded right now.
  But yeah, I got roasted by a liar guy.
  Going up to a rooftop bar and yell about where glasses can go and not.
  He's on your.
 Wow.
  So that was yeah, I don't think I got roasted.
  I'm trying to think.
  People were upset that I was ignoring like the cocaine.
  They asked if I want a cocaine.
  They were it was in Times Square somewhere.
 Yeah, constantly.
  Why didn't we get asked if we want to do cocaine?  I don't.
 Yeah, I don't.
  I didn't look cool enough, I guess.
  Not like cool Mike.
 Yeah, not like cool me.
  Because you are little and I.
  So be little people don't do cocaine.
  I've been in this business my whole life.
  My father was as well.
 I know this.
  I am five.
 I am.
 I am.
  Two people.
 I am big.
  So I was offered.
  Mike is my egg.
  You can handle it in your you have more blood.
  You can't handle it in your bloodstream.
  Mike, have you been sitting there drinking a Coca-Cola Starlight?  This I love Coca-Cola Starlight.
  Wait, yeah, I've only barely caught what this is.
  I'm excited about it.
  It's a bit tastes like space somehow.
  Where do you get it?  You get it at all major retailers.
  Just call Jordan.
 They'll bring you four.
  This is Jordan.
  Jordan, you're car.
  I need a soda that tastes like the cosmos.
  Jordan, save me.
  It's yeah, I got it.
  I think it's Vans.
  This is a zero.
  This is a Coke Zero.
  The Coke Starlight Zero.
  And I couldn't be more addicted to it.
  I love it so much.
  Keep looking for it.
  I'm looking inside that bottle and there's no space on the inside of the label.
  Not like the island water.
  You see island on the back of the stickers.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So they throw it away.
  It's trash.
 You're right.
 You're right.
  It's nothing compared to island water.
  You guys got to sample the water.
  Jane gave you guys waters, right?  Did I have? Yeah, on the way to the airport.
  You guys all wear the same.
  You may not even like you may just throw it away.
  They're free.
 So I was like, hey, no, I certainly had it.
  They threw it away in the airport.
  I totally forgot.
  And I had in my bag and they were like, we got to throw this away.
  And I go, oh, yeah, of course.
  You didn't say this is island water.
  I forgot.
 I forgot.
  I gave it to you guys just kind of like as a hey, like,  you know, funny, but also like for the way.
  Yeah.
 I know, Scott, you had some years anyway.
  You were the three of you were on the same flight back.
  And I was on an Amtrak to Pennsylvania.
  And you guys made it to the airport by the skin of your teeth.
  Michael, I swear.
 I was getting up.
  We have the phrase because I just said that that phrase is getting right.
  It is as soon as I said it, because you said about Club Cool,  the skin of your teeth.
 Why is it that cool?  I was crazy.
 I looked back and I think when we were there,  the reason I said that phrase was not just the storms and the crowds.
  I think Club Cool closed before the rest of the park.
  I think that's why I meant that.
  I know.
 But then why is the phrase that skin and teeth?  Yeah.
 What is that phrase?  You don't have skin.
  I don't know the origin of that.
 That's a great question.
  Craziness.
 I just was when I said it, I felt crazy.
  I mean, you all made it back in one piece.
  You all made the flight.
 But that was one of the most stressful  afternoons that I had had in a long time.
  I mean, like, I guess I will like take the blame for not going like,  hey, I like to get to the airport early.
  Maybe I should leave before you all are like, you know,  you should have just been on the on the same page  because I may get to the airport late.
  I love getting to the airport late.
 I do it almost every time.
  It never occurred to me that that might be that that was a thing you liked.
  Yeah, I usually like to be there too early.
  I don't like to be there early.
  We both went to we both left out of Chicago,  but we were on different flights.
 So, yes.
  Got there at different times.
  We'll fill you in on the flight schedules for all the live shows,  because, you know, you guys come and you want to track it like Santa.
  Wasn't there a listener on the plane that like recognized y'all?  Yes.
 Oh, very nice.
  And then they walked by me because we did not sit together.
  They didn't talk to me, the listener.
  They only talked to Scott, I guess.
  Why we ended up next to her in the line.
 Oh, OK.
  And then when you guys both walked by me, I was like, are you are  do you do podcasts?  Thank you for recognizing us.
  Yes, we were like, thank you.
  What were you? Well, yeah, we're all we're stressed trying to get to the airport.
  And then you text us.
  I'm already in my mom's house eating and you guys are ruining my trip.
  You're like, and you're ruining my nice train ride.
  And I was like, Michael, isn't here yet.
  I don't know what the fuck to do.
  And then Jason, though, I will say I've been very mean to him today.
  I don't know why.
 I think I'm just like tired.
  He's not I don't think it's I don't think it's been enough.
  Let's keep.
 No, I will say it was very sweet because I was like Jason.
  Like the guys aren't here yet.
  And he sent me $50 and said, get on your own taxi and here you go.
  You can get on your own.
  I did it because they were five minutes away and I waited.
  But it's very well, there's a bluebird.
  Oh, yes.
 The blue bird.
  Oh, it landed on Jason's shoulder.
  Oh, geez.
  Oh, wait, that was so pretty.
  I've never seen a bluebird.
  But back back.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
  Snapped a chain like a dog.
  Like that was so pretty.
  OK, it was a look.
  It was a good looking bird.
  I don't disagree.
  Yeah.
 So that was really sweet of him.
  That was very, very nice.
  Well, now, if you feel let's build up Jason with other what else?  Give him something else.
  Well.
  Let me talk like I don't want to say inappropriate things on this show.
  This is the second gate.
  It's where this is.
  This is the rowdiest gate in podcasting.
  Whatever I'm on, this is like people are throwing up out of the gate.
  I'm hanging off of it, pole dancing off of it.
  Let me tell a quick hypochondriac story on my end.
  And you can think of formulating that good Jason story.
  This is this will be quick, though, so you better work fast.
  So I look well, there was one I think was Saturday night.
  We got I got back very late and I watched like 45 minutes of WrestleMania.
  And I looked at my foot and my foot.
  There was a large bump on the top of my foot,  on top of what looked like a vein.
  And I went, oh, come on, what is this?  Like I was so annoyed and I was like, all right, maybe it's nothing.
  We'll see in the morning, whatever.
  And then in the morning it was still there.
  And I started getting panicky because it was on top of a vein.
  And I go, is this a blood clot? Oh, my God, this is a blood clot.
  And I was like, it doesn't I don't know.
  I feel like it doesn't hurt or anything.
  So I ended up at the CVS Minute Clinic.
 What?  You didn't tell us.
  No, I was maybe going to tell the live show.
  There's too much stuff to talk about during the live show.
  So I started like I like about a 25 minute dialogue with myself  Sunday morning about like, are you going to what are you going to do?  What is it? I'm in fucking Manhattan.
  What am I going to?  I have Kaiser.
 Kaiser is not in New York.
  What am I going to do? I'm looking through like the Kaiser website.
  They're like, you can go to the CVS Minute Clinic.
  And I'm like, OK.
  And I'm looking through like times and I'm like, OK, there's one  that's like in 45 minutes.
  All right.
 I'm going to walk to the Minute Clinic.
  Like it was like, yeah, like Fortley was like a 25 minute walk.
  So I get there and it's like it's just like there's a couple of old folks  and they're so confused, like I'm like in line with them.
  And like there's something probably wrong with them.
  Like there could maybe not be.
  But like, I'm like, I know there's nothing wrong here,  but I have to go in and it's so embarrassing because  some like waiting.
  No, no, I was in.
  I was ahead of one of the older people and I was like, I should let them.
  Push them away.
 You push your way to the front.
  Oh, yeah.
 It was like the Seinfeld where George knocks the old lady out of the way  because there's a fire in the house.
  And you're OK, by the way, like, what was it?  So so well, honestly, OK.
  So I went in there and the nicest person is working at the Minute Clinic,  which I guess is just like a thing they have everywhere.
  And like it's just a doctor in there.
  Yeah, there's one in Burbank.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's not that unusual.
 Yeah.
  So I went in there and she's like, everything OK?  And I go, I remember I go, I think so.
  And I get like this weird like I was like, oh, it's so embarrassing  the way you just sounded.
  And so I took my foot, my foot off, my shoe off and I show her  what's going on.
 I go, there's like a bump on the top of the vein.
  This isn't a blood clot, is it?  She's like looking at it and she goes,  and this is this is a very common thing where she like makes me feel good,  but not good enough, where she's looking at it and she goes,  I don't think it's a blood clot, but I don't know what it is.
  All right.
 And I go, OK.
  She goes, I don't think you should.
  I go, she goes, like a walking, been walking around a lot.
  And I go, yeah, a lot standing today.
  And she goes, or yesterday, she goes, I don't know, keep an eye on it.
  I'm not sure what it is, though.
  So I go, OK, but not a blood clot.
  She goes, yeah, be red and it would hurt a little bit.
  So just yeah.
  So it has gone down and it might be gone today.
  I actually forgot to check.
  So the morning around, though, it stuck around for a few days,  even coming back here.
  But it was the morning of the show started  because I got all this.
 I got stuff to do.
  I put some stuff not that it was anything crazy,  but you know, you got to get to the venue.
  We got to go to Jekyll and Hyde's.
  I got all this stuff to do.
  And I'm like, we reversed our green goblin.
  Yeah, perfect.
  Exit for us to beat by beat.
  I dropped a line during that because I was thinking about everyone knew it.
  Everyone could tell.
  But yeah, I started the day by like trudging through  like a rainy morning to try to get a bump on my foot.
  Looked at you dropped the line because you were worried that that clot  was going to like build up and up and up into geyser level  and then like rocket through your shoe and spray the whole audience with blood.
  We're going to begin and probably end our show unless they were down to stay  after that like the the lizard, like the inflatable lizard from that show.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
  Yeah.
 Just suddenly.
  And they think it was part of it.
  It was stage blood.
  But of course, you'd have to say no, ladies and gentlemen.
  No, no.
 You're all covered in my foot blood.
  So I didn't want to get the audience covered in my foot.
  Blood is really what was happening.
  So so, yeah, I told I told some listeners this story after the live show outside.
  You told listeners there was a group of yeah, there's a group of listeners  that got like a private five, like five of them or six of them  got this foot story.
 It's crazy.
  That's like if you meet like, you know, yeah, you hang out after the concert  and he thinks of a song in front of you.
  I got a Mike Panic story custom that is right.
  I also think I framed it like that to them.
  I go, you know what I'm giving you a little sugar.
 All right.
  Yeah, I still got that energy.
  I could toss some more.
  I was sharing a bottle of Jack with Brett Michaels here at a blister story  from Mike Carlson.
  I put the hat down in some places.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They gave me stuff in this life.
  They gave me money in the hat.
 I made them give me money for it.
  If you like the story, if you want to kick me a little bit, fine.
  But not not require really just glad you came to your like a one style  busker with your hat on the ground.
  But you're telling your ailment stories.
 Oh, I see.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We would make so much money if we really did that.
  I mean, you'd be like, do you want to hear this anxiety,  like hyperchondriac story and you can give me money for it.
  Me and Michael would be like making out like bandits.
  Just people on the street love, love hyperchondriac stories.
  You go on a Burbank tonight, you're going by the Batman statue tonight.
  Yeah, I guess it's better than the street preachers.
  Step right up, step right up.
  You're a story where I almost lost my mind for no reason.
  Person and egg person tell you about their anxiety.
  Tall and a Higg.
  No, you don't stop in the middle of his little.
  Sorry, I'm adding too many pronounce the T.
 Little.
  Egg.
 Any any other Margueriteville stuff?  I'm sorry.
 Yeah.
 Well, I suppose say nice thing.
  Yeah, you're so did you get your nice? Yeah.
  Well, OK, sure.
  The first thing that was very nice is my luggage kind of fell apart  and I didn't have anything great and I was meaning to get some more.
  And Jason let me have one of his to use.
  So I wasn't stressed out and I thought that was very nice.
  He helped me with that.
  We had a really nice day in Central Park because I said, like,  the one thing I really want to do on this trip, like I know we have  like actual stuff to do.
  I really want to go to Central Park.
 I love going to Central Park.
  So he like puts that time aside.
  We got up and went because he knew I wanted to go.
  We got a really cute picture, actually.
  I didn't post anywhere because trying to keep something for us.
  Not content.
 Well, I like to give some stuff for us,  but we got a cute little picture.
  We saw lots of dogs and no dice.
  You're there on the company dime.
  You're going to post that to our Instagram, our Twitter.
  And that's that.
  I do have more pictures.
 I mean, I do have some company.
  No dime.
 Anyway, that was nice trip.
  It was a really nice trip.
 Yeah, the vibes were good.
  The vibes were great at the show and.
  Yeah, I had so much fun at the show.
  Geez, I was a bad.
 That was an amazing crowd.
  Thanks anybody who was there and especially to we should touch on this  really quick.
  We've been getting like really nice things.
  Yeah.
 Who have come to the shows recently and always.
  This is like crazy.
 This has always been happening.
  But there's one and I don't look at anybody who brings us anything.
  It's it's amazing.
  But this one thing, jeez, like we have to talk about this a little right.
  This is like the finest object ever.
  Yeah, we've been to anyone.
  We had too much too much stuff.
  It's too nice to bring.
  And there's so many crazy things, too.
  But yeah, we were we were gifted a custom Michael Eisner doll.
  It's really quite something.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  With like a custom box to take it in, really.
  I mean, you're the rightful, you know, well, no, it's a daddy of it.
  But we're splitting it like the comic book in the Simpson episode, I think,  where we'll take turns and then we'll eventually tear it apart.
  Yeah.
 But this thing is.
  Yeah.
 Well, we'll post a photo of it and we'll we'll.
  Yeah, we'll give you a detailed like I should do like a full.
  I don't know.
 I don't even want to unbox it.
  So you know, just all the deep because it's like the finest box work.
  The graphic design on it is a met.
  They took the step.
  And I do.
 Do you know the name? I don't know, because I didn't meet the person.
  So I don't know.
 They have tweeted it.
  We'll do it in the tweets.
  We'll give everyone a tribute.
  Because the box then it's done in the style of like 86, 87 era  Disney store, like clearly, yes, it's so good.
  Yeah.
 From like how Disney would have done retail stuff back then.
  And then, you know how action figures have a quote maybe on the back.
  He has hello.
 Hello.
 Hello.
  Hello.
 Hello.
 In many different like Disney ish fonts that change every time.
  This is wild.
 This piece.
  Yes.
 Thank you for I'm still in awe of I need to take it in.
  This is their craft.
  I believe they said they were a doll design doll design.
  OK, I carry this in a little bag with me on the plane.
  Yeah, he was just under the seat in front of me on the plane.
  Like a dog.
 Yes.
  He was.
 Yeah, I put him in a little carrier.
  I forgot about this.
  I've got something stupider to end on.
  Yes.
 One of the things they gave us when we checked in was a punch card.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, we heard it every location in the hotel.
  You could turn it in for a prize.
  And we did the prize.
  Go and do this at like two in the morning after the show.
  We went to the front desk.
  We met another cool guy and I said, what's the prize?  And he said, you have two options.
  Your option is a shot glass or a shot glass, because all they have is shot glasses.
  So Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville, nice logo, New York stamp on it.
  Oh, it has New York, at least.
 Yeah.
  OK, so pretty solid prize.
  Pretty solid prize.
  But I was like, I'm going to fucking break this.
  So I had to wrap it in so many things and put it in one of my shoes in my bag.
  I was so worried I was going to break it.
  No, he told us he's like, oh, don't worry about it.
  He's like, that's the nice thing.
  If you buy shot glass souvenir, he's like, just put it.
  If you have pair shoes, just put it in your shoes in your luggage.
  And that was a trick.
  So and it worked.
  It's in one piece.
  That's a good tip.
 Instantly drop it.
  Instantly drop it.
 Yeah.
  Shot glass.
  I guess you use it for mixing drinks, I suppose, to get the right.
  Or the blood of Christ, as it is Easter.
  Are you concerned about?  Yes.
 Are you saying you think it's weird to have a shot glass at home?  No, I'm not.
 I'm just trying to think of like,  I have a couple, but I yeah, it's for I don't know.
  You don't take shots in your adult years very often.
  No.
 But if you need  ounce and a half to two ounces of something, it's a good, easy.
  It's a mix.
 It's good for mixing.
  You don't take shots in your shot glass.
  You use it to measure out things.
  And it's very.
 Put your quarters.
  Really nice.
 Put your quarters in it.
  I love it.
  And I do think it's weird.
  You're rationalizing.
  Jason just showed you a Margaritaville shot glass, the place that you like.
  Margarita, you're doing the math of like, but what would the use  for a shot glass be?  No, I'm just thinking along as being an adult human.
  You don't take many shots very often.
  But I guess you should use it for mixing.
  You know, if you're having like this 100 percent of the shots, you don't take.
  Shot.
 Now, I'll do it.
  I'll do a shot.
  Easter Sunday.
 Let's go.
 Yeah.
  If you have like a go in, we're going to have to.
  That's going to be a big pause.
  Yeah.
 Well, we're all going to share the one.
  I think.
 Yeah.
  I think I'm going to sign this thing going on.
  I probably already sound too nasally on this episode.
  I'm cool.
  You're very cool.
 You're very cool.
  My cool and eternally youthful.
  I'm very young.
  I know that's what you want to hear.
  Sounded so cool and young when you tried to rationalize  what the use of a shot glass might be shot glass used for mixing.
  And Jays are twenty dollars to five dollars.
  That's a reasonable price for a nug I would say.
  What?  That's the quality of these nugs, please.
  OK, does that does that wrap it up?  That's it.
 All right.
  I think that's it.
 So podcast the ride.
  Yeah.
 Thumbs up for the Margretville Resort Times Square.
  Yeah.
 You need somewhere to stay in the middle of time.
  Jason is very, very nice and good to me.
  And he's not mean.
  That's why I've made him sound like five times.
  Well, the last episode, the last episode you were on,  you were like really giving him the biggest.
  I'm not I don't know if I'm not going to say it,  but I've given him great praise last time.
  That still stands.
  There we go.
 I well, I was going to.
 Yeah.
 Look.
  That's all I'll say about that part of the trip.
  OK, OK.
 The big the did the did the did the did the big dick  energy maintain in the was a weird being in a small New York room  with big big big energy.
 Great baby.
  Oh, man.
 Would you not should it?  Would you not shut up to Quasimodo horse cock energy?  Oh, I mean, he's already above that.
  He's already memorized.
  I even in Quasimodo, Frank Bama level,  Tully Mars level.
 Oh, you know, I don't know.
  Some of the greatest characters of fiction.
 I'm thinking.
 Yeah.
  Go back and listen to the old episode.
  We don't know what the hell we've got just said.
  No, I look, I because you brought there's I think there's very few  phrases that like stay in the lexicon for me.
  It takes like a launch queen kind of thing.
  Horse cock energy has been in my head ever since.
  Yes, I will be.
 I will admit.
 Yes.
  And so I thank you for bringing that, of course, to the table,  because I got curious and I looked that up and I was like, that's not  as with mighty Akron.
  I don't think people are saying big horse cock energy.
  I'm original.
 That's the original.
  Thank you so much.
  So thank you for the original.
 You survived podcast.
  The ride.
 Thank you.
  Through the gift shop with a punch card.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  If you need styling for any event that you have or personal styling,  I am a stylist and also have some music out there.
  I kind of do a few things and where can they find all of it?  Well, I'm on Instagram.
  Jane Claire official, Jayne.
  I'm on Twitter.
  I think it's Jane Claire eight on TikTok.
  OK, I'm actually doing like OK on TikTok.
 I'm figuring it out.
  It's weird to be too old for something.
  Yeah, but I've got like 1300 views on a video I posted the other day.
  I was like, that's kind of a lot for like, I don't know.
  That sounds good.
 I don't know anything about it.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 Follow me.
 Hit me up.
  I post a lot of videos like juggling island water.
  That's so funny.
  Like when you drink the water, then you do the thing  where you push your hand at them, then you drink another water.
  Yeah, they flip the angle.
  We should have made a TikTok about Margueriteville.
  Oh, about Margueriteville Resort?  We didn't talk about the freaking gym.
  We didn't talk about the gym.
 Oh, is there a gym story?  I had a gym story.
 I went down and used the foam roller for my knee a little.
  Well, holy shit.
 What a story.
 What a story.
  Oh, there's a bunch of kids running around.
  It was like empty, right?  And as soon as I go down there, I'm in the elevator with like a mom and two kids.
  And I'm like, please, God, no, please, God, no.
  And it's not a very big workout place.
  I guess the story's not that interesting.
  It just really bothered me.
  And these two kids come in and they're like eight and ten.
  And the mom is just like kind of hanging out.
  And they're like walking around like they're like bros  and try to pick up like 30 pound weights and throwing shit everywhere.
  And I was like, I'm just trying to work out.
  And like these kids are running around.
  And I was like, you've got you've got to be goddamn kidding me.
  Like the exact time I went down there, I was so pissed.
  So the mom was working out and the kids.
  No, she wasn't.
 She was in like street clothes.
  And then she left them there.
 She left them there.
  I said, you are kidding me.
 I am not watching.
  She thought the gym was like a play place.
  Literally, she was like, go.
  And I did look a little like a play place.
  But I yeah, I wouldn't leave kids there.
  The beach on the wall, which was nice.
  Yeah, it was a public domain picture of the beach.
 Yeah.
  The beach.
  What color hair do they have?  Can we talk to these people?  Oh, the kids.
 You run into the.
  All right.
 If you see a bunch of people running a weed scam,  you see the mom with the eight year old and the 10 year old, tell them  gyms are not playgrounds.
  I mean, that's a lot of.
  Well, I had to clean up after them.
  I mean, it wasn't my responsibility, but I did.
  They left a 30 pound weight on the ground.
  They left a bunch of mats and rollers and balls out.
  And I was like, guys, like I was just so mad.
  This isn't maybe we can cut this.
  And it was.
  Well, it was.
  And it was tough for you to pick up the 30 pound weight  because you're little.
  Because I'm little.
  No, I was just trying to do my fucking like dance like cardio.
  So I'm like grinding and shit.
  And these little kids are behind me trying to pump.
  And I was like, what the hell is going on right now?  Like, this is the way I kept going like Jason get down here.
  But he was what you napping.
  Well, Jason, Jason, I was just I was just  chilly.
 I was just resting in the room.
  I said I might come down and say hi.
  We had to go to company.
  We had to go to a panic attack member.
  I had to take a Xanax.
  Oh, you didn't get the Xanax from some guy on the street, did you?  I know it was an officially licensed Xanax, I hope.
  Yeah.
 Oh, no, I that's yeah.
  Yeah, that's real.
  Yeah, that's real.
  So the kids made me angry.
  And then I was close on time.
  Cut this story.
 It's bad.
  I'm embarrassed.
 I like this story.
  It's not good.
  It's not good.
  The kids were pumping iron down there.
  Weird little seriously trying to weird little kids.
  It was weird.
  So and then the elevator took so long that by the time Jason was done,  he was going to meet back up the room.
  I had time to do that and go to the bathroom.
  And then the elevator came.
  It took straight up ten minutes for the elevator to come to the basement.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  The workers also very frustrated with the elevator situations.
 Yeah.
  So elevators on that day, less than great.
  Less than ideal.
  But the hotel has no responsibility for the kids unless they let them come in again.
  So keep the kids out.
  No kids.
 Those kids, not other kids can come.
  As long as those kids stay out, though, this hotel is a great experience.
  Like if this was an adults only hotel, I think that's the way it would be.
  Like, I think there should be no kids here.
  At that place, we saw three kids the whole time.
  Yeah.
 And that's how it should be.
  They were shitheads.
 One and all.
 Yeah.
  I guess I just think you should be kids shouldn't be pumping iron.
  That's sort of my feeling.
  I don't think well, they end up looking real creepy when all is said and done.
  I don't want to see no kid.
  Strong kid.
 I want to see Buffett, not a buff kid.
  Can't be troll boy.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
  Well, maybe there's obviously a lot of work to do.
  So they have to get extension cords  and they have to get the kids out of the weight room.
  Get extension cords and get Joe Merchant.
  Get Where's Joe Merchant the book in all the rooms so we can read it.
  Yes.
  It's like a Bible.
 Yeah, like a Bible.
  Yeah.
 Get Buffett's Bible.
  Oh, man.
 Where's Joe Merchant?  Yeah.
 All right.
  Well, stay it.
  Stay there and tell us what you think  about it and let us know if there's kids working out.
  Let us know if Jason's thoughts about the towels are right.
  Yeah.
 Happy Easter.
  He is risen.
 Happy Easter.
