 Forever!  Dog!  Rock and roll.
  For decades, human musicians have been celebrated for their remarkable contributions to this beloved genre.
  We owe a great debt to the Setzers and the Joe Armstrongs of the world for their remarkable art.
  But what about non-human rockers?  What about robot rockers?  For too long, humans have overlooked their contributions to music.
  That all changes today.
  Today we celebrate our animatronic friends for their jerky guitar solos, their noisy jaws, and their tinny pre-recorded voices.
  We break down and determine which robots rock the hardest.
  The performers may be fake, but their ability to move us is very real.
  It's the fake rock music final four on today's podcast, The Ride.
  In 1988, when asked why he shot John Lennon, Mark David Chapman said it was because the former Beatle was, in his eyes, a fake.
  We believe so-called fakeness in rock and roll is, of course, no cause for murder, what word could be, but in fact, cause for celebration.
  Today we reclaim the word fake and show our appreciation for fake rock and rollers who create very real moments of joy.
  This is the fake rock music final four.
 I'm Scott Gertner, Mike Carlson, hi.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
  It was important to everyone was thinking, obviously the specter of Mark David Chapman had to be, everyone was thinking about it.
  Had to be invoked on the start of this podcast where we review, I guess, or rate children's robots.
  Bands that flap around.
 Absolutely.
 Jason Sheridan and Lockstep with this opinion.
  Yeah, I mean, coincidentally, every time we record, I have a copy of Catcher in the Rye on my person somewhere.
  All of our biggest influence, yes.
  Yeah, so here we are, another final four, and we're back to fake rock, but a different kind of rock.
  It's rock music, and basically what this is, is a fancy way of saying animatronic musicians.
  That's really what we're, just to clarify, because there is a lot of rock music out there in theme parks.
  There are live performers.
 We're fans going way back of the bare metal family from Hard Rock Park,  but they don't appear in this because those are suited characters.
  Could that be another competition down the road? Of course.
 Yeah.
  But you have to put up your boundaries and set up your rules.
  So we agreed on, this is an animatronic competition.
  Yes.
 So yeah, there are going to be animatronics as always.
  We always give these different qualifiers at the start of these because obviously things are going to be left out,  but we did our best to pare it down to some of the most elite rock and roll robots that are out there.
  Yeah, and there are a number.
 There's a lot of them.
  And I think another clarification, as many clarifications at the top as we can do, rules.
  Set them up, and I'm sure we'll find more as we go.
  But also when we say fake rock, I think this is the rock and roll Hall of Fame definition of rock,  which of course includes blues and hip hop and country in the case of Dolly Parton who rejected her nomination.
  Something we might run into.
 Somebody might, one of these robots, if there's some, we might put this up on Twitter  and whoever owns that copyright might say we don't want them to be any, that's a very nice thank you, but no.
  Yeah, so all music genres are included in this definition of rock.
  So yeah, we will get a little bit.
 One of the things we'll do as we assess is think about what Jan Winter might think about one of these robot bands.
  Or Wenner?  Wenner?  Wenner? Shoot.
 I think I've said his name wrong every time I've ever brought it up on the show.
  And it's happened before?  I think it has.
 I think I've mispronounced Jan Wenner's name once before.
  It's one of those, why are we still in this, why are we still affected on a daily basis by Jan Wenner and Irving Azov, is that what it is?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 These like, these like never ending boomer strangle holds on boring rock events.
  Not a day goes by where I'm not talking about an article from Cream magazine.
 Still.
  Rock and roll changed the world.
 I don't know if everybody knows that.
  It's important that all these people get the chance to reassert that every single year.
  Now let's burn an hour talking about who's America's Beatles are.
  If we don't correct this.
  CCR is the band, you know.
  They might be in this very final four.
  They might be.
  I think so, yes.
 We're going to, because what symbolizes American ingenuity more than robot making, along with rock and roll, you put these things together.
  It's an incredible combination as we're going to find.
 We're going to talk about some of the best musicians out there, some of the best music, I think, that's ever been made.
  Clearly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
  The sheer, the power of the songs that we're going to discuss.
  Is there anything we want to say at the top in terms of what we think we might be looking for?  Oh, yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
  I think that like, yeah, as we're saying, like rock and roll now is such a broad definition, especially when it comes to the Hall of Fame.
  So rock and roll for me, you know, it becomes more of sort of the essence of rock and roll.
  It's not doesn't mean it has to be a certain tempo.
  It doesn't mean it has to have certain instruments.
  It has to be a vibe, a cool vibe, a vibe that makes, I would say, usually young people interested.
  But now, because how long rock and roll has been around, maybe it has to get dad interested, you know?  So these are the things I'm thinking about.
  I'm not saying I'm going to lay down a hard and fast criteria for a winner in a bracket.
  But I want to say, like, our definitions, I think really what we're going to do here is unpack what we actually think rock and roll is.
  You know what I'm saying? It's a larger sort of idea.
  Geez, we're in like now we're in Lester Bang's almost famous territory.
  Yes, we are.
 Is rock dead?  Well, we're lucky that if dad is supposed to be interested that almost everything we're talking about is from the 80s and 90s.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  Are there any recent, I'm looking at the list, what are the more recent?  I mean, there's ones that are still around.
 A lot of them are still around.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You can go see, but are any of these new? I would say no.
  I would say 1994, my man.
  Okay, yes.
 All right.
 That might be as far as we go, right?  That might be as recent.
 I want to, I was, you know, going through a lot of these, watching clips, a lot of these, and I want to give some attention to the animatronic nature.
  Yeah.
  And possibly some weight to like, how good are these animatronics?  And, you know, I don't know that that'll be the deciding factor.
  It could be a tiebreaker, but I also think a big one is I don't have a problem with click clack sounds.
  I love click clack sounds, but if that overpowers the music, I think you're going to lose points.
  Interesting.
  And there's one competitor that I was a little disappointed to see.
  I think we're, I think I wonder if we're thinking the same one.
 Yeah, totally.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 A little too loud on that.
  Sometimes it adds to the charm, but you can't, but it's got to be about the music.
 It can't override the music.
  It has to be about the music.
  And I feel like I may be judging, this is related to the animatronic idea, but I think musicianship, which is obviously contrived and done by the animatronic make, but like how realistic are we?  In our performance, because I think if the song is great, if it's the greatest song and animatronic ever sung, but it's not being done realistically.
  Again, I think it's hard.
 I think like as in animation, you know, accurate piano guitar playing, which you really admire the movies that are on in my house all the time because the kids like soul and cocoa, which have fantastic, very realistic guitar playing and piano playing.
  I think we'll get very close to that with some of these absolutely soul level.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Very complex piano playing, but that's sort of, I'm going to be, I'm going to be watching the hands for sure.
  My eyes have been on the hands the whole time.
 I think the hands.
 Another thing, and in some of these, I think it was a disadvantage if it was original music versus cover songs.
  I think so.
 But then other times I was like, I'm okay with this because maybe the other competitor was just weaker overall.
 So I don't mind the stronger competitor just playing, you know, a top 40 hit an old, an old tape, a kind of scratchy tape in a lot of cases.
  Right.
 Okay.
 So we'll forgive a tape.
  Anything else? I mean, we could just, we could certainly dive in because some of my concern is that the very first one is almost could be a full episode.
  Yes.
 I think you're right.
  It's a one seed versus a one seed.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which people have tried to explain to me, try to explain to us before I think like, I don't, it's usually like a one seed versus 16th.
 Like it's, and I'm like, I don't know.
 I don't know how the draft works.
  Why are you holding us to this standard of knowing about sports things? We made a little bra.
 We know enough to know that there's a bracket.
 We went that far.
 We deserve applause for that.
  People are talking about snake drafts and I just like the eyes glaze over.
  We will do no effort.
 Okay.
 As far as learning how an actual sweet 16 March Madness 16.
  Sweet 16.
  Do they call it a sweet 16?  Whatever the hell it's called.
  Yeah.
  Good.
 I don't know.
 It doesn't sound right to me.
  I don't know.
 As I said, it didn't sound right either.
 So we will not learn.
  We did do a lot of effort of like pairings that made sense.
  Yes, we did that, but we don't know how this works and we will not know how this works.
 It will only get worse as the years drag on.
  Yeah.
 Well, I think you're right about sweet 16.
  Yeah, okay.
 There you go.
  Yeah, it just felt silly to hear.
 But yeah, you're right.
  No, that in our minds how March Madness works is the teams are paired by their thematic similarity.
  Yeah, right.
  That's why you put them against each other.
  The mascot of the team that's similar to another team's mascot is paired against each other.
 That's how it works.
  We should do it.
 I don't care about how they did through the year.
 I don't pay attention to that.
  Have we never have we also not learned that we should probably just skip to the elite eight for the sake of time?  No, we have not learned that.
 Absolutely not.
  How many would get cut out of the picture?  No, but we have an interesting qualifier this year too.
 The first half, we split it in two halves.
  Yes, although I think now it's not so cleanly that we kind of tried to go that it's banned on one side and solo.
  But some other ones rearranged and snuck in there.
  There's kind of a wild card.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 But roughly it is that way.
  So the first two matchups are going to be pure rock.
 This is rock and roll through.
  These are hardcore rock bands.
 And the big one to dive into and discuss is here we go.
  Munch's Make Believe Band versus the Rockafire Explosion.
  Munch's Make Believe Band from Chuck E.
 Cheese.
 Rockafire Explosion from Showbiz Pizza Place.
  These competitors were thrust together, combined together in a freakish fly-like merging event called concept unification.
  The world chose Munch's Make Believe Band.
 Corporate Synergy chose Munch's Make Believe Band, but that's not a choice that we have to make.
  So Munch's Make Believe Band, to clarify, you know some of this if you're listening to the show, but that's the band that Chuck E.
 Cheese is in.
  And Rockafire Explosion is all these characters who we don't see so much anymore, except maybe in these, you know, when they put out a music video singing to a more current song or what have you.
  Owned by Aaron Fector who got cut out of in this whole merger situation.
  Yeah, yeah, they'll pop up here and there, but yes, the winner as far as visibility is obviously Chuck.
 Chuck E.
 Cheese and Munch and everyone.
  Though they're disappearing.
  There are not that many.
  Yeah, classic robots, we've talked about this before on the show, are disappearing.
  There's not a lot of full munches out there.
  No more full munches or very few full munches.
  I think it's spread, like most often you check.
 Just down in Carson, the band wasn't in there and that was unfortunate to see.
  But they're around and they're obviously they're in our hearts and that makes us have to cut out, I'd say, the era where it's screams and puppets.
  That all does it.
 We have to judge the animatronic body of work.
  Right.
  Because unlike a lot of legacy brands, Chuck E.
 Cheese has adapted to like the band camp SoundCloud era of music with original internet programming.
  And we like, we've said it before on the show, we like that stuff.
 A lot of it.
  Yeah.
  Are you allowed to, there's some crossover.
  I've certainly seen animatronics moving around to songs that we love, like another Chuck E.
 Day.
  Yeah, that's true.
  The Snoop Dogg-esque song that they do.
  But that's sort of an after, it's like, well, they're around so we can program them to do this.
  But I certainly associate that song more with the puppet era.
  Well, we can't, look, we can't completely take it out of our minds.
  Mm-hmm.
  I did try to focus on more of the classic era of the band, of Chuck E.
 Cheese, when I was looking through things and trying to make a determination.
  I also want to say, in case you're thinking, oh, these three fuckers are biased, we have said on the show before, we like Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  We have more affection for it because that's what our childhood band was.
  So I wanted to put that out there, that we have said that before in case you want to, you're going to clip a piece of audio and you're going to try to hold it against this if we pretend,  we're not pretending.
 We have said that before.
  So I did an extra amount of effort to make sure I was absorbing the actual impact of the Rock Fire explosion.
  That's good.
 Very good of you.
  Yeah, because I think my memories, my association with Munch's Make Believe band is happy childhood memories.
  My association primarily with the Rock Fire explosion is a documentary that is upsetting in multiple ways.
  Many different flavors of like, oh, no, I guess.
  Yeah, we can't hold some of the people against them.
  It's their own creators against this is about the music, even though some of the characters are voiced by the creator, Aaron Fector, who strikes us as a little odd.
  But we have to take that.
 Let's try to view this as a band, as characters.
  Let me let me say the lineup here.
 Yes, thank you.
  As we were looking at musically in Munch's Make Believe band, we got Munch on piano.
  Right.
 Purple Monster, Pasquale P.
 Pieplate, the Italian chef on drums.
  Jasper Jowls on guitar.
 He Jowls.
 Thank you.
  And Chuck E.
 Cheese and Helen Henney splitting vocal duty.
  Right over on the other side, Rock of Fire.
 You've got Billy Bob Broccoli on bass.
  Fats Geronimo on keyboards is the gorilla.
  Beach Bear on guitar.
 Duke LaRue on drums is Duke a bear or a dog?  I guess he's a dog.
 He's like a space dog.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Got a space dog on drums and then various singer.
 A lot of singers in the mix.
  It's kind of a sly in the family stone.
 It's Mitzi Mozzarella is the cheerleader.
  Mouse Looney Bird's in there.
 There's a sun and a moon.
 Various other characters.
  Spider, I believe.
 Oh yeah.
 Spider lowers down sometimes.
  Yeah.
 What's the spider's name again? I'm not sure I know the name of the spider.
  Sorry.
 We'll do a we'll fully dive in later.
  And I don't want that to our lack of awareness to rub against the Rock of Fire Explosion.
  Right.
 You know, I would say it was a pleasure to see this band a little more and get to know this band.
  Antioch.
 Antioch? Yeah.
 And of course, Antioch the Spider.
  Antioch the Spider.
 From the Rock of Fire Explosion.
  So let me say having listed that lineup, I'm impressed that we got a bass player.
  Yeah.
 Really fleshes out the sound.
 And I think Billy Bob brings a lot to the table.
  He's very jolly and lovable.
 Yeah.
 Fleshes out the sound.
  Yeah.
 And the band is more yeah has more instrumentation going on, I think.
  I will say also like, you know, look is a big part of bands, you know.
 Yeah.
  Image or whatever.
 Like Aerosmith didn't just get popular by completely just being one of the best rock bands of all time.
  They also have cool image.
 They have the scarves and everything.
  And I will say that I like sort of the vibe coming from the Rock of Fire Explosion as a band.
  I feel even though they each member has separate identities, they do form an interesting stage picture.
  Like Kiss.
 They've all got their different themes.
 Yes, exactly.
  But yeah, they're all they all feel of a piece together.
  Which I guess we were not talking about Chuck yet, but I do think maybe even more so than Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese feels like kind of disparate characters all on stage together.
  A little bit separate, not feeling like as much of a unit as I'd like that to feel.
  Sure, I could see that.
 Yeah, I mean, like I dig I dig some of these vibes a lot.
  I a big fan of Duke LaRue.
 I regret not having looked into Duke LaRue further before.
  He's cool.
 I also want to bring up it's a part of image.
  This spins out from image is the instruments.
  That's not the music you're hearing, but it is a big part of the sound.
  And iconic instruments are definitely part of the picture of great rock stars.
  And I think the instruments are cool.
 I like Fats Geronimo's keyboard, which kind of became Munches.
  I feel like they pretty much stripped that.
  And because I'm looking at Munches too.
 I like his piano, but aren't they the same?  So you got to give maybe Fats credit for bringing that piece of gear.
  And I also think a Beach Bear's silver guitar is very cool.
 I think he's got a great axe.
  I think yeah, I think that the instruments look cooler in the Rock of Fire for sure.
  As opposed to like, I don't really vibe with Jasper's folksy acoustic.
  I forget if it's an acoustic or an electric.
 I don't have the instruments memorized.
  But I think he's limited in his guitar genre a little bit with the country leanings.
  Yeah, I mean Billy Bob in Rock of Fire has like kind of an old school country like Square.
  I don't even know what you would call that.
 Kind of a very country bear as guitar.
  There's a lot of those kind of instruments.
 A lot of homemade instruments I'd say throughout the competition.
  So yeah, the instruments are cooler looking in Rock of Fire.
  The show itself, like is it Rolf DeWolf who has the puppet on stage?  Oh, I didn't even track those guys.
 Yeah, there's a puppet too.
 A lot of characters.
  Rolf DeWolf too is yeah, he has like a bow tie, but he also has like a puppet character as well on stage that sings.
  Which is an extra element to everything as well.
 So like they're putting on a show.
  They have so much going on, which I appreciate.
 I mean, it's very maybe E Street band in a lot of ways as well.
  Not that there's a puppet, but like everyone feels like they have the right.
  There's no little Stephen has to have a puppet on stage that he uses or anything.
  Are there any puppets in Rock? Has there been any big band with puppets?  Yeah, I don't think that's a good question.
  I mean, I think the puppet, he had a full puppet version of his concert going on on the side of the stage for one tour.
  That's fun.
 But I don't know if there's a regular puppet member of the band.
  Somebody tell me if I'm missing one.
 Inevitably there's puppet music videos.
  Oh, sure.
 Genesis and there's more.
  So yeah, I mean, the pick, like I get why vibe wise and look wise.
  Some people say this is the superior band to Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  I do get it.
 Yeah, because the vibes are stronger now that I'm an adult.
  If I take away my nostalgia for Chuck E.
 Cheese, I try to take it completely away.
  I do go, oh, I'm a little more attracted to this.
 Sure.
 Right.
  But in terms of staying power, well, saying power, of course, and I will say this as far as look wise and interest wise, I munch himself is so great.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 A little bit of Muppet flavor.
  Yeah.
 And I want to hug him.
  And Chuck E.
 often wears a tuxedo to show respect to the stage.
  Of course.
 And you love that.
 You never see it.
  Which you never see anymore.
  Yeah.
 I mean, like Green Day wears a tux when they're in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
  Like when I think when they were playing with Ringo at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame a couple years ago, Billy Joe was wearing a tux to show respect.
  So that's good.
 They were doing that.
 They were backing Ringo up on boys, which is really fun performance if you haven't seen it.
  The famous Green Day tuxes.
  The Green Day tuxes.
 So yeah.
 Also somebody on Twitter pointed out a Billy Joe Armstrong starring movie that I have to watch soon.
  And I can't remember what it's called.
  Oh, I think I've heard of this.
 Yeah.
 I may have seen this trailer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I didn't.
 It's like a couple years old already at this point.
 So yeah, there's that.
  But I guess my point about Munch is just like Munch is the thing holding Chucky on as far as interesting stage picture, I think, for me.
  Because like you go you see Munch, you go, oh shit.
 I love that guy.
 That guy.
 That's my guy right there.
  Stronger front man potentially.
 I like that they put his name in the band.
 It's a fun discovery that it's not.
 What's the band? Is it Chucky Cheese?  Right.
 The Chucky Cheese Rock Brigade or something? No, no, no.
 It's Munch's Make Believe Band.
  Munch's Make Believe Band.
 With the fakeness acknowledged in the Munch's Make Believe Band.
 Yes, right.
  That ties into our spirit here.
 It gives them license to do a lot more too.
 It lets them break free of genre.
  Is there a chance that we're over correcting by siding with Rockafire, pre-anticipating this possible bias?  I have only begun to start my thoughts on all of this.
 So no, I would say no.
  I mean you have to give Chucky credit too for different phases, I guess, in the way that the Beatles had different eras.
  They've evolved.
 They've evolved.
 Yes, that's true.
 Rockafire is, though, Beatles only have ten years and it's all killer for the most part.
  And Rockafire also has a short window.
 Well, that's what I was trying to figure out.
 Who is the Beatles and who is the Stones in this case?  And it's Rockafire is probably the easier one to paint as the Beatles.
  I think that they're clearly the Beatles.
 Not only that's correct and around for less time, but clearly a big influence on music to come in that they stole their skin was removed but their skeletons remained.
  Maybe there's a metaphor for how the Beatles have impacted.
 It's like so many bands took their skeletons.
  But not only that, I was looking into what was the music that they played.
 Rockafire Explosion did giant Beatles sets and not just the early stuff, maybe not even the early stuff.
  Full show of white album songs, which are a lot of my favorite.
 I think I'm a white album guy, so I was delighted to see that.
  Twelve minutes of complex music, right? Risky music and then entire end of Abbey Road is a show that you could see the Rockafire Explosion do.
  Wow.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, that's something.
  Yeah, I was.
 It's a little confusing to exactly because a lot of people have now had taken them after the fact and had them do these big like mega mixes.
  I was getting a little confused.
 I went back to the start.
 Yes.
 With the music too, because I found also they did a Beatles medley.
  So I was thinking, OK, where what's like the definitive Rockafire? That's what I was looking for.
  The definitive Rockafire, because I really don't know it.
 And I found a couple things.
  I found your first Rockafire Explosion album.
 Oh, it's got a great picture of them on the front.
 The vibe of it looks really great.
  They did release a record.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 And I believe it's this.
 And I was scrolling through it and I was like, man.
  And as I usually do when I find something like this, whether it's a McGruff album or whether it's something else, I go, is this going to be my new favorite album?  I'm like fingers crossed, hoping that this is something I'm going to punish everyone I know with for the next 20 years.
  That's what I'm hoping for.
 And I am sad to report it is not.
 Oh, no, it's no McGruff.
  No McGruff.
 All right.
 All right.
 It's fine.
 It's covers.
 You know, they do.
  Like they're doing Beatles.
 It's like a little like.
  Yeah, it sounds OK.
 It sounds like a great one to pick for a children's performance show.
  But the whole album is kind of like this.
 And you're like, it just sounds like I don't know.
  It didn't.
 It was like studio musicians covering stuff.
 I was like, oh, man.
 Sure.
 That's a bummer.
  Yeah, yeah.
 That could have really tipped it.
 The one.
 OK, I will say the one thing I found.
  This is this is a welcome.
 I don't know if you guys heard this.
 Welcome to show up is pizza, which I believe is the song they would play.
  OK, this isn't an interesting piece of music, I will say.
  This is the closest thing I could find.
 And I found some other original songs which are unclear if they were written by Aaron Fecter in the last five years.
  Possibly because he does have a YouTube channel and they'll they'll program with new stuff.
  And maybe I missed like a seminal album.
 But this, I think, is the closest thing I found to something that was kind of interesting.
  OK.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the world's most advanced entertainment has now joined forces with the world's finest pizza.
  That's true.
  Crazy intro.
 Yeah.
  Interesting was the right clarifier.
 It's an offbeat jam.
 And I know I don't.
  Hey, I like it.
 Yeah, I think it's kind of cool.
 Yeah, yeah.
  And I was hoping that first album was going to be more of stuff like that.
  But it did not.
 It did not live up to that minute and a half thing there.
  Well, a lot of what I found was was covers and I can't say enough how impressed I was that they're doing the more the more daring Beatles music.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 But then, you know, they do pop hits, too.
  But this is what I said about watching hands and the listeners can't do this.
  But you guys here can.
 When you look just what I think Beach Bear is is the core of it for me.
  Just just watch him jam this solo to Van Halen's jump.
  No, you know, for a limited animatronic, the first flopping around.
  Yeah, it's I.
 OK, I did also note this when I was watching a couple of you go into that and Fats is jamming the beat.
  He's lost in a trance.
 He I was impressed by this jump performance kind of went to the floppy hand route.
  And it seems to work to the advantage because it ends up looking more natural than like the Jasper has just got three big fingers.
  Yeah.
 You're not seeing a lot of contact there.
  I noted Beach Bear looks good when he's soloing.
  I also noticed Beach Bear.
 We got a means back.
  Yeah, I think it's good musician body language.
 He's doing the thing.
  Yeah, he kind of like stalls.
 So like Eddie Van Halen would hit a note and he would kind of stall.
  And then he would use it.
 I think it's called a hammer on where he kind of like punches the string very fast with his little one of his fingers.
  And it really like mimics a kind of what that would look like when a guitar player is doing it.
  And yeah, as you're saying, he leans back with that motion where he's really feeling the solo he's playing technique and it's technique and it is very good.
  And it is better than anything, I think, in the munches make believe band as far as performance.
  Let me say this to the drummer, Duke LaRue, something I've I don't think I've ever watched a lot of amateur music.
  I've seen a lot of animatronic bands in the last week.
  I don't think I ever saw any animatronic musician make contact with the drums and mainly the symbol.
  That's what you notice.
 That's that's the rarest.
 I don't even expect it.
  That's so not where my bar is.
 Yeah, but I saw Duke hitting that symbol.
  And guys, I don't want to drag this out any further.
 I'm locking in Rock of Fire Explosion as my choice.
  Interesting.
 Why drag it out? Why drag it out?  And I'm not saying that they're better characters.
  I think I, you know, I think I find the Chuck E.
 Cheese world more pleasant.
  But talking music, there was there was no argument for me here.
  Hmm.
 You know, I think I'll lock mine into and I think maybe I'm leaning more towards intangibles, but I might have to go with munches make believe band.
  Oh, boy.
 OK.
 Oh, it puts it on Mike.
  It's a tricky one because I really I try to go into these not forming an opinion before so we could talk them through.
  So as we're talking through the one thing I would say is that for me, I was looking as you kind of could tell, like I was looking for a piece of music to move me more than what I mentioned on the last Chuck E.
  Cheese episode, the song Together We Got It that that weighed in my decision.
  Of course, it's a very good song.
 It's an excellent song.
  We got it.
 And yeah, I remember.
 I mean, look, listen to that.
  It's obviously a different genre than a lot of the showbiz piece of stuff.
  I'll fast forward it a little bit strong song.
  That's the intro there.
  Together we got it.
  And that's why Squalley singing.
  So it's tough because like aesthetic wise, yes, the band is the the the all other sorts.
  Rock of Fire Explosion is superior, but the music of Chuck E.
 Cheese and Munch and Helen, you know, it's like I have to go with Munch's Make Believe Band.
  I was looking desperately.
 I was wanting to say, yeah, the fire and maybe somebody maybe somebody will shame me and say, you know what?  Here's the album you missed and I'll feel like a fool.
  And I've ruined this whole final four years ago in the creepy Orlando warehouse.
  It is truly essential.
 Mike, I think, you know, Rock Fire Explosion might be more the Velvet Underground kind of choice, but I don't think that'll be the last one of those today.
  I think though, you know, I think Rock of Fire is more like like and this is gonna I'm going to people gonna be mad at me like the doors or something where it's like the image is so weird.
  The image is so bad that the vibe is so cool.
  I don't hate.
 Yeah, I'm offended now.
 I'm offended.
  I don't know.
 I'm just saying I think that the doors are very popular because of the like people think Jim Morris is cool.
  They're not exactly they're not the same.
 They're not the same vibe as something of the time.
  I'm saying, yeah, there's an essence to the doors that people want to track.
  And some of the songs are OK with the door.
 I don't hate that they weren't passed along generationally very well.
  I wouldn't say at least at least not to us.
 I don't know.
  But I think Jim Morrison and Billy Bob go hand in hand.
  Clearly, I just think the vibes are doing so much heavy lifting with Rock of Fire.
  And I said I have to go with Munch.
 I just have to go with my gut.
  I'm not I'm not mad at that at all.
 I just I think I wanted to represent some strong musician.
  I don't regret my vote, but I don't regret the way things have gone.
  Really quick before we move on, can I say the story about when I looked up what was going on with the the white album medley?  There's a part in the show where Billy Bob, I think.
  What is it? This might be about Rocky Raccoon.
  Maybe he's introducing Rocky Raccoon and he says, but, you know, folks, it doesn't pay to be going and seeking revenge on somebody.
  I mean, even if they do something real bad like steal, steal your girlfriend or something, you know, because if she was any good, she wouldn't have left you anyway.
  So forget her.
 That's a that's a big tear that the Billy Bob the bear goes on.
  And then it turns out that what was happening there was that Aaron Fector, the create the guy who does the robots, his girlfriend, who was the show programmer, left him for Rick Bailey, the voice of Beach Bear.
  And his revenge was, let me put this little screed into Billy Bob's mouth and then she has to program it because she still works there.
  So with that shady story in my I don't mind departing the Rock of Fire explosion.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What a weird idea.
  I'll get my revenge through.
 Well, go listen to our Chuck E.
 Cheese episode.
  Yeah, weirdness.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 Well, last mention of the animatronics talking about their relationships today.
  No, no, no, no.
 Oh, sure.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
 Oh, I know what you mean.
  OK, OK.
 But for now, we move on to a category that I'm pretty excited about.
  I was happy with your territory.
  I'd say so.
 I feel pretty good about this.
  And maybe the weight's really on me to figure it out because this is not just a rock face off.
  It's a Beach Boys face off in which the Peach Boys from the Epcot retired show Food Rocks go up against another Chuck E.
  Cheese group, a Chuck E.
  Cheese side room group called the Beach Bowser's.
  Those, of course, were a bunch of dogs who sang Beach Boys songs.
  They are redressed Beatles.
 They were at some point the Beagles.
  And then maybe in Kokomo mania of 1988 that swept the nation, which is the happy place that Mike Love has lived in ever since the one week where they went number one.
  I might be wrong about that.
  It was no more than three weeks, but you still see the Beach Boys today in twenty twenty two.
  If you go to see them, he's like and then we went number one.
  Like that was so that was longer ago now than their original hits were when it went Kokomo came out.
  Anyways, Beach Boys versus Beach Boys.
  This is exciting.
 I really love that we landed on this.
  I love that this exists.
 I love that there were is that's one of those faint memories that until you start diving in on the Internet, I'm like,  I feel like I walked into a room and there were a bunch of animals playing Beach Boys songs.
  And indeed there there was such a thing was the Beach Bowser's.
  Now Food Rocks.
 I'm sure most people have a more affection for Kitchen Cabaret.
  I think it was a more expensive show.
  I think there was more care put in the design of it.
  Food Rocks, I think cheaper show to make a little more current.
  I think a sponsor.
 I don't like Kitchen Cabaret.
  You know.
 OK.
  Now I have more memories of Food Rocks and I liked like I kind of knew a couple of the songs.
  So I like the parodies.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It did reach out to us a little more.
  Kids of the early 90s by having music as late as 1966.
  No, that's not true.
 There was Peter Gabriel and the end well and Tone Lowe generally a rapper reaches out to us.
  Yeah.
 But so here you have this maybe an unfair stacking in terms of what they played because the Peach Boys was just one song.
  It was good nutrition.
 Yeah.
 A parody of Good Vibrations as opposed to the Beach Bowser's set,  which I think there were a number of songs that they did.
  I found 10 on one show tape.
 I think at one point it was just playing along to the tape.
  But then at some point they did custom covers of Beach Boys songs,  which were mostly not amended except for adding barks sometimes a little bit.
  Uh huh.
 So but you do cover more Beach Boys territory in the Beach Bowser's set.
  I don't know if that does anything.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I'm going to make a big sweeping generalization.
  I think both these bands are cute.
 Yeah.
 In different ways.
  The dogs are all very cute.
 And then the different fruit based.
 They're all fruits, right?  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 Well, to say their lineup, it's the there's a there are little bodies with big fruit heads and it's a peach and an apple playing little guitars or ukuleles.
  There's a pear on the tambourine and then an orange on piano.
 Pretty cute.
  Yeah.
 And then the other ones, the Beach Bowser's, I don't think are particularly clarified.
  There's one of them says their name at the beginning is Woody Bowser.
 It's actually a good clip.
 I'll try to post it.
  Hey, it's Woody Bowser.
 He starts the show by saying, Hey, Cowabunga, it's Woody Bowser.
 We're about to go catch a wave on a beach.
  And I don't know what voice that.
 Yeah.
 I was going to say, is he parroting all Beach Boys?  I read as time went on, they got more generic surfer do it than direct one to one.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 I don't feel like the Beach Boys would say Cowabunga.
 Yeah, that's extremely.
  No, that's like meshing up 90s stuff with the stuff.
 I think in terms of parody, the Peach Boys kind of cleaner.
  Beach Boys to Beach Boys, you know, good nutrition instead of good vibrations.
  Yes.
 But the Beach Bowser's, I guess, putting on more of a show, you know?  Well, they are.
 They waggle around a lot.
 They're heavy on the waggling.
 Yeah.
  But what I mean, in general, would you say you have, I don't want to use the word respect, but I will because I can't think of a better word.
  Do you have more respect for the parody artist or for the cover band? You know what I'm saying?  Like in general, do you have a feeling about that? Because cover bands, I think generally you kind of, you know, that's funny or that you might have a good time running into one of those in Vegas or in another place.
  But parody, you know, it can be really funny.
 Obviously, parody bands can be good.
 So I'm trying to think initially like.
  Well, obviously we're laughing at good nutrition.
 We are.
 We are.
  Every time we're loving it.
 The funniest shit I've ever heard.
  I thought I did think it was funny as a kid.
 I did not follow it.
 Did I follow good nutrition? No, absolutely not.
  You had a.
 That was the era of like your ketchup's blue now.
 Your ketchup's great.
 Pretty cool.
  You had a 50 pack of American cheese that you brought with you in the park.
  Yeah.
 Thanks to my good friends at Kraft.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's also the sponsors of the land where it's like, you know, fruits and vegetables that.
  Yeah, sure.
 Kind of.
 What is the food court cell? Oh, meat cooked over an open fire.
 Of course.
 Healthy.
  Yeah.
 50 cheese challenge.
 Cheese slice challenge.
  Hmm.
 Hmm.
 I don't actually don't think I went into this with a leaning.
  I guess I, you know, I prefer as with like White Album and Abbey Road, I like the more experimental stuff.
  I don't think any of these bands play my favorite Beach Boys music, which is the sweet spot of late 60s, early 70s.
  But I couldn't ask them to.
 They're not going to play anything off of Holland.
 I could know.
  I expect that.
 But I guess maybe I like the good nutrition nods to the psychedelic, the experimental era that really.
  That's a piece from from Smile that's in a theme park.
  There is a big popular hit song, but from, you know, a piece of experimental pop art.
  So really pretty subversive of Disney to do this.
 Right.
 Hmm.
 30 years later.
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy.
  It's a real.
 I can't believe this is even allowed.
 They wanted to do.
 God only knows what I do without fruit.
  But they're like, I can't say God can't say God.
 Yeah.
 Controversial.
 Not anymore.
 Not anymore.
  Only at that that Christmas thing we do.
 Yeah.
  That nativity thing.
 That very weird Christmas Eve candlelight ceremony we do like 60 times a season.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And we're like, I feel like some of these some of the edgier celebrities will come in.
  I feel like what's his name? Jim Caviezel.
 I feel like it's maybe.
 Oh, man.
 Am I making that up?  Maybe I'm making up that Jim Caviezel has ever been part of it.
 I think Caviezel has done it before.
  Whether he knows he had done it before is up for debate.
 Yeah.
  This year they've got the guy from Yellowstone who would not get vaccinated.
  They keep him away from the rest of the gas.
 Gotta find out who this is.
  Cool actors are waiting.
 Cool actors.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 What are you guys leaning on?  I think I am leaning to one.
 Huh? Huh? And I'll think I'll just declare.
 Yeah.
  I am going to go with the Peach Boys.
 OK.
 And I love the Beach Bowser's.
  I think they're cool and they're cute.
 But I think part of this is going to be, you know,  not every one of these bands or these artists have a full discography that's available or that's even been heard by humans.
  I have to give a little bit of credit to what the piece that we've heard suggests about a larger catalog.
  What it would suggest about other works.
 So I would say the Peach Boys.
 Good nutrition is interesting.
  I feel like I think they're more interesting and fascinating than artists because of what they're doing with the music.
  And I like the Beach Boys.
 But we still, it's got to say we have the Beach Boys still out there rocking to this day.
  Playing pretty much the same set that the Beach Bowser's do.
 Possibly worse than the Beach Bowser's.
  You might be better off seeing the Beach Bowser's in whatever state they're in in the year 2022.
  I mean, one of these groups needs to have a Stamos stand in a weirdly much younger robot really sweaty,  really showing you that he plays the drums, not just playing them, but like putting those drumsticks way up.
  Do you see everyone? I'm playing drums right now.
 Look at me.
 I am playing.
 Yes.
  So I have to give it to the Peach Boys just for that alone.
  Okay.
 Jason, thoughts?  Yeah.
 I mean, I think that was a lot of my arguments too.
  You know, I think the Peach Boys a little more unique in their sculpt.
  Pretty short and sweet.
 Kind of got in and out.
  The Beach Bowser's.
 I mean, I love dogs.
 I love giant animatronic dogs.
 Certainly.
  But yeah, I mean, it is like we said in the previous round session, guys playing the Beach Boys or in one case,  I feel like I saw a clip where I'm like, did they just rip? Are they just playing an album? Are they playing the album cut?  Are they allowed? No, yeah, sometimes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Sometimes it's just copyright skirting.
  You know you're getting originality with the Peach Boys, even though it's just the one song.
  Yeah.
 So I think I'm going in with the Peach Boys as well.
  I'm comfortable with a full sweep of the Peach Boys.
 And I like that.
  You know, I think you got to give it up for the Disney craftsmanship too,  because we're going to see a lot of Chuck E.
 Cheese in here ultimately.
  And so I like that Disney is represented.
 But I was going to say early on,  I think one thing that's exciting about this tournament is that as opposed to the first,  not really applicable with the fake theme parks, but the first one, Fake Rocks was Disney with Cars Land.
  Fake Smell was Universal with ET.
 Right.
 I think this is a good chance to, for maybe an outside entity to take it.
  Oh yeah, maybe.
 So we'll see.
 The next round will be Chuck E.
 Cheese versus Disney.
  So that's exciting.
 But for now we move on.
 Well, let me say this before we get into this round.
  And I don't, I'm sorry to drag this out a little bit, but I think this is the juncture where I have to inform you guys that we made a big mistake.
  We have our list locked it.
 We figured out our list, but I realized a crucial error that we made.
  And that is that in the remaining rounds, we did not find a place for the Knott's Timber Mountain Log Ride band that only plays at Halloween,  a band called the Calico Coffin Creepers.
 Well, look, sometimes big teams don't make it into the sweet 16.
  Sure.
 But I wanted to bring this up.
 To me, I think this belongs in the 16 big time.
  I think there's, I think here's what I'm saying.
 Look at the list.
 And I know we try to reveal these as we go,  but I think in this case could be an interesting call.
 If you see a weak spot in there and you think that the Calico Coffin Creepers belong,  as I do, and you guys outvote me like on all the other ones, but I think if one of you thinks that they should go in along with me,  I think that they need to go in.
 I believe they should go in.
 Yeah, I believe they go in.
 I see two weak spots,  one of which I think is in this due to a technicality.
 Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
 The other is in this very next round.
 Yeah.
  Are we think, well, do you see a weak spot, Mike? Yeah, I think so.
 Can you point it to me?  Well, do we all just declare, because this is a discussion in and of itself.
 Are we seeing the same weak spot?  Let's just say the weak spot.
 What do we think? Uh, one, two, three, Rocky and Bullwinkle.
 Oh, not you, Mike.
 Oh, I was going to say,  no, I'll save it.
 I don't want to.
 Oh boy.
 Okay.
 So you would say put them in this very round that we're about to do.
 I think put them in this very round.
  Interesting.
 Yeah, I think Jason, I think I agree with Jason.
 I'm not so far off.
 I would.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, not so far off.
 I'm comfortable with that.
  That's an easy.
 I think Jason's right.
 I really thought we were looking at the same way.
 I'm now you're going to have to, Mike, declare what where you were going to put them later.
  Okay, well, I'll declare later.
 So we're saying officially that in a further dis of kitchen cabaret that the kitchen crack pots are out.
 I think they're going to get smoked by the competitor in this round.
  I think so.
 To begin with.
 Yeah, so we're not setting up the Calico coffin creepers for success.
 No, not necessarily.
 No, I think it's just a matter of like what 14 seed is going in here.
 Yeah, yeah, sure.
  But I like this a lot.
 I like the Calico coffin creepers much more.
 So much I have to say the full name every time.
 I like this a lot more than this kitchen cabaret thing.
  They you know, they're a bunch of jars who play other jars.
 There's no way it was going to go any further than that.
 So the interesting thing about the kitchen crack pots is that the mayonnaise jar, the drummer is kind of the front and center.
  It's kind of the front man.
 And how often do you see that sort of in the way that munch is like this is munches ban the keyboard is bad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So that mayonnaise jar is a real Phil Collins.
  Jan Winner has not put a mayonnaise jar in his rock and roll hall of fame yet.
  There's a lot of musicians in there who are the musical equivalent of mayonnaise jars.
 That's fair.
  So that brings us to yeah, the Calico coffin creepers versus who wants to.
 The five bear rugs.
 The five bear rugs are back.
 We are back in a little taste of country bear jamber week.
  So and the way we're representing and it's you know, we could have had a solo act from the Jamboree, but we've gone with the big band.
  Kind of the heart and soul of the show.
 Kind of the base of the show.
  Right.
 The base of the show.
 But yeah, I will also say, yeah, we didn't go with the solo acts.
 So keep that in mind.
  Because some of the big stuff you think of Big L, you know, Trixie, you know, we're not including them really.
 This is the backing band for the show.
  The house band kind of.
 The house band for the show.
 Yeah.
 So it's not the full country bear show when you're thinking about this.
 That's what I just want to put out there.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And we also didn't end up with Gomer, who I have a big admiration for.
 I think is a really strong laying it down.
  Right.
 So take away.
 Yeah, we're going to take away Gomer, take away Trixie, take away Swing and Teddy Barra.
  Mm hmm.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 And think of just those bear rugs.
 Zeke and Zeb and Ted and Fred and there's bear named Tennessee.
  Tennessee.
 Yeah.
 And instrument wise, we've got Zeke on banjo, Zeb on fiddle, Ted on jug, Fred on mouth harp and Tennessee on a bass with one string.
  Elsewhere.
 And let me just show you guys a photo.
 You know, why don't we get a little taste of the Calico Goffin Creepers as well? Yes.
  You know, they got to escape the ride when they couldn't operate the ride in 2020.
 They did like a taste of Halloween festivals.
  So they were the band was outside of the ride and you could actually sit and watch them for a while and discover that only two of them moved in any way.
  But here's here's some of them.
  Cool drum.
 They got a cool like kind of like scribbled on.
 Oh, yeah.
 There's a gray.
 There's a gray alien within with overalls on.
  There's a wide shot.
 There's a wolf man on banjo who sways slightly aliens in on a barrel.
 There is a Sasquatch.
  Yeah, Bigfoot doing nothing.
 Just kind of being there.
 He's kind of like that guy that danced on stage at the muddy muddy Boston.
  Yeah, I was going to say he's all about vibes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You got a very Nosferatu like vampire on the washboard and then a drummer who's a spider man.
  Not not spider man, but he is he's a spider man.
 So that's the Calico Goffin Creepers.
 Again, only two of them move.
  So you got to I guess withhold some points there.
 That's that's too bad.
 But I'll also you know, you don't expect a lot from from knots and from a knots seasonal overlay.
  You know, they don't have a ton of money for that.
 Right.
 Impressed two of them move.
 Yeah, I know that is impressive.
  And I will say, you know, we've talked about this before the Halloween overlay of this Timber Mountain log ride as you're kind of barreling down because that thing moves fast.
  That ride moves pretty fast for a log ride that's in water as you're barreling down the end of that thing.
 You zoom by this band.
 Yeah.
  And they make such an impact on you as you're going.
 Like if you're like us and like this type of thing, because I think we noted all we're like, what was that band back there?  Who were those guys? Like we made a whole show of it.
 The song they're playing at the end of there is a very upbeat kind of country little thing that's going on.
  And I think I asked I've asked multiple people at knots like, do you have a soundtrack CD for the music of some of this? And they're like, no, we don't have any of that.
  We don't have I think it's made by the knots band and former Disneyland band.
 Correct.
 Billy Hill and the Hillbillies.
  Well, it's like theme park native music crazy Kirk.
 Now, okay.
 Yeah.
  Oh, I see.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Is that how recent the band is? Because they were fired not what five years ago from Disney or something like that.
  Something like, well, because they used to play back where in the the barn area or the animal petting zoo area, there was a stage back there.
  And that's now Galaxy's Edge is right on top of that.
 Right.
 Yes.
 I think this is correct because I don't think they've been running this thing for, you know, they only opened up that one.
  Right.
 Right.
 You know, in 2015 or so.
 So recent now that's this gets a recent group of animatronics in there.
  And, you know, I like the diversity.
 I like that there's an alien.
 The alien is the funniest thing.
  And I like that they don't all fit together.
 They aren't all part of one horror genre or type of movie or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, for sure.
  And it's I'm sure that's where the bear says trick or treat, which he's not in the band.
 So we can't unfortunately add that to it.
  That would tip it over all the way.
 That might tip it over all the way because now you're adding a bear to it.
  But it's hard to take it away because it's such a big part of that one moment on the ride.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's a he's a fan at least.
 Yeah.
 He's part of the culture.
  And it's you know what? It's using like kind of a common theme park trope of like like a haunted house with just a bunch of crazy stuff in it.
  And it's like, well, this is a disparate collection of characters and guys.
 And we've made them be an upbeat, like jaunty country bit.
 Like it's fun.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Music is fun.
 Yeah.
 It's really fun.
  That said, they're up against the five bear.
 Right now, the five bear rugs, one of the big I mean, the couple big moments they have is the start of the country bears.
  Just a regular show is the big bands, the big band.
 What is it? Bear Serenade, which is fun.
 They do at the end.
 They play like everybody plays.
  Everyone plays.
 They've also got a vibes guy.
 They've got the little the little bear with the little teddy bear that looks like he doesn't want to be there.
 He's upset.
  Well, he's a nervous little good boy.
 He's just like us.
 Right.
 So he's our entrance into the chamber.
  If we were a little on stage with a bunch of bears playing instruments, we would be ecstatic.
  Finally our dream.
 Yeah.
 So it's tough.
 Obviously, I'm a huge country bear fan.
 But those bears without the other bears.
  I think it hurts it.
 I think it hurts a lot.
 They're great players.
 All of them are great players.
 Do we mess this up? Should we pick a solo act?  We probably made a lot of mistakes here today as far as what we should have done.
 Well, we have to start.
 Look, we are works in progress.
 Yeah.
 We own our mistakes.
  We are just as the Lord made us.
 You know, we're always saying that.
 That's a regular catchphrase.
 That's right.
  When we do our post mortems of the episodes and we all admit everything that we did wrong every time we put our hands over each other's shoulders and say, it's OK.
 You're perfect.
 You're messy.
 But that's perfect.
 Yeah.
  There's a lot of love in the post mortems.
 I wish you could.
 We should record.
 But we're too.
 I don't feel vulnerable enough to show the audience.
  I'm not.
 No, we learned it from our mentor, Andre Gregory.
 You know, it's one of the exercises he did in the forest.
 You know, Jason's right.
 He's our mentor.
  So I'm really struggling with this because I'm trying to make sure like when I zip past this band during Halloween, I get so excited and I'm not hyping this up for no reason.
  But I do get legit excited to see this band every time.
 Yeah, we do.
 Isn't you? We almost zipped right by him and putting him in there.
 How did we not? I don't know.
  So it's hard for me here and I'm trying to search my feelings to make sure I'm not trying to just do this for shock value, but I kind of feel like I want to give it to the Calico Coven Critters.
  And it's not against the bear.
 I'm not.
 I love the bears.
 Look, the bears got a lot of shine in December.
 We gave them a whole week.
 Right.
 But I'm trying not to do.
  I'm not trying to not to do it just to be interesting.
 I'm just saying that if it comes down to those those specific bears from the show and these characters, I do.
  If they're two rock concerts, those five bears and these Calico Coven creepers, whatever the hell they're called, which one do you kind of just on image alone?  Because I think musically they're similar musically.
 I think they both have similar skills.
 I think they have plays similar genres, jaunty country music.
  They're well paired.
 This worked out very well.
 It really did.
 It did.
 Yeah.
 And this could be our first upset, you know.
  So Scott, what do you think? I don't want to be the decider here.
  I I do want to be the decider and I'm deciding Calico Coven.
 Yeah.
  You see this picture, though? Yeah, you'll get it.
 I do.
 Look, it's making me so happy.
  And you know what? I love that they don't have to be like expensive animatronics.
 This is like a haunted house level.
  Yeah, maybe I am letting personal bias leak in.
 I can admit this.
 Maybe I got a little tired of the country bears.
  I think I'm ready to I think they did get their moment on this show.
 Yeah.
 And the Calico Coven creepers haven't.
  I truly I think that if you're yeah, I was trying to take away.
 I'm not trying to be shocking here.
  I'm not trying to be some shot comic by doing this.
 I'm saying that if you're taking them out, I think they both are comparable player.
  I think they are good players, both good bands.
 Well, it's like St.
 Peter's in the actual NCAA tournament this year.
  Smaller school made it to one.
 Their first of the underdogs knocked out.
 Yeah.
  The underdogs knocked out as they got further along.
 But people were shocked at how far they went.
 Yeah.
  You're right.
 This is an emotional story.
 I'm really happy about this.
  And they have a Spider-Man.
 This picture is making me so happy.
  I.
 All right.
 Wow.
 Calico.
 This now this we do understand the seeds thing.
  Exciting.
 That's like a one or a two or a three.
 I think.
 No guarantee they go all the way.
  They're still a lot.
 Not.
 I'm rooting for them.
 I mean, strong gay.
 They're already in the history books.
  Jason, do you want to do the honor on the next one? This is maybe my most anticipated matchup.
  Rocky and Bullwinkle of, you know, Rocky and Bullwinkle versus the four little shavers.
  Yeah, these are this is maybe the matchup where they're like around the least.
  There's multiples of all of them.
 But Rocky and Bullwinkle are from Bullwinkle's restaurant,  which is something we really need to hit.
 Right.
 Topic wise.
  But these were around and maybe still are a tiny bit.
 I don't know if the animatronics are.
  But this was like, you know, they were at it was a Chuck E.
 Cheese like brand.
  And they're I think usually like pitch and put kind of player, any golf kind of places.
  And then four little shavers were a Chuck E.
 Cheese side act.
 Yes.
  I think there were only three of them ever in the country.
 I could be wrong.
  Well, they were at a place called the Ice Cream Emporium, which was an ice cream spinoff to Chuck E.
 Cheese of Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  And their names, of course, I say this every time.
 Nolan, Oh Nolan, Curly and Mick Nolan named after Nolan.
  Bushnell.
 Yeah.
 Founder of Atari and Time Theater.
  And there are restored.
 There's a full restored four little shavers at the Volo Auto Museum in Illinois.
  Yes.
 Are there multiple on this list of things you can see at the Volo Auto Museum?  I think maybe there's another one.
 So yeah, I'd be there too.
  But definitely this.
 I think there are only three, four little shavers ever installed.
  And if we have to say that's a barbershop quartet, barbershop quartet, barbershop quartet.
  One of them's in a barber chair.
 The rest are dressed like old timey barbers.
  It was one of a shaver piece.
 I think so.
 Like a blade.
  There was a guy who I did an improv class with, an older gentleman, an old man in an improv class.
  And he was a barber and he was taking improv classes because he wanted to do a show where he would cut someone's hair on stage with his barber friends and sing songs.
  And someone said, hey, man, have you ever done anything on stage? And he said no.
 And I said, OK, well, I'll do an improv class.
  And he said, it's a great idea.
 Everyone loves it.
 I don't know if he ever did it.
 He was a very old fellow.
  Bizarre way in.
 Huh.
 Huh.
 So little shavers ask.
 Shavers.
  So, yeah, we're getting a little deeper.
 This is, by the way, this entire area I was saying is like Americana or country.
  When the kitchen crackpots were in it, you know, that's there's a lot of country with country bears.
  But then kitchen crackpots were like, I don't know, 40s bullshit.
 I'm glad they're out.
  But but this is kind of Rocky and Bullwinkle are sort of more in the country bluegrass zone.
  I think I think you got a you got a banjo in there.
 The Bullwinkle plays and you got Rocky on kind of a carved up base.
  What is he? Maybe I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I wrote it down.
 Sure.
 Again, I'd say a fiddle.
  I'd say a fiddle.
 Yeah, that's a go to use of animatronic based instruments.
  There's a lot of fiddles around.
 Sure.
 So this would be a show.
  And they were musically the core of it.
 But then up above them were the like on the arch on the proscenium arch.
  There were carved Boris and Natasha who were in like a little totem pole situation.
  They would interject in a Statler and Waldorf kind of way.
  And then the side stages were Dudley Do-Right and underdog.
  And I'm unclear on if they sang or were just kind of part of the or told jokes or whatever it is.
  Like Chuck E.
 Cheese stuff and like pizza time theater, like all like surprisingly like archive well archived.
  Like there are full shows and every version of it that you can find.
  But like a lot of this stuff like Bullwinkles, like it's tough to figure out exactly what is what.
  Yeah, there's some video.
 Yeah, I'm just saying it's not like you can find everything that had ever happened at one of these places.
  And certainly harder to find like set lists and stage.
 There are no set lists.
  I mean, yeah, everyone took them.
 Everyone took them at the end of the show.
  It hopped up on stage.
 Setlist FM does not have it.
  Mike, do you have that Four Little Shavers clip I sent you?  Jason sent me one clip.
 I sent you one.
  This is the only clip I really followed because I got so excited.
  Well, that's I should also say there was a moment where I was like, well, you know, kind of everybody in this is a musician and they don't technically play instruments.
  So should they not be? And I sensed like I asked a wrong.
  I asked a bad question by bringing that up.
 I just wanted to.
  I had a lot.
 I had a lot about Four Little Shavers.
  Yeah, this is a place of love.
 You're smiling a wide smile.
  I'm always excited when they come up on the show.
  But Barbara, Jason's rock and roll is barbershop quartet.
  That's what he thinks when he thinks of rock.
 So I'll play a clip here of them.
  But not to do my heart is feeling the way I'm feeling is simply great.
  It has been on ready for love.
 I can jump over the moon above.
  It has a feeling.
  Yeah, this is somehow I knew that like this was going to be big for you when I came across the song title Fit as a Fiddle.
  Like we got a Jason classic on our hands.
  Fit as a Fiddle from 1932 written by Arthur Fried, music by Al Hoffman and Al Goodhart.
  I learned this song at a very young age because Gene Kelly, Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor sing this song in a flashback scene in singing in the ring.
  They're showing that they like did stage music.
  And that's why it would be easy for him, a silent film performer, to transition to talkies.
  God, there's a just just both for the god damn shavers.
  So I was very excited.
  Say you're the shavers in my fucking wheelhouse all day long.
  They also sing a song called Toot Toot Tootsie.
  Well, yeah, so did Old Yellow Eyes.
  I believe Brent Spiner also does Old Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Goodbye, I think.
  It really makes me that we were watching the Oscars over here the other night and we're still recovering.
  We're trying to move on.
  But it just struck me.
  I was like in pair.
  I'd looked up fit as a fiddle earlier in the day.
  And then and then Jane, your girlfriend, was here and that she she was especially excited.
  The most excited she was in the Oscars was when Megan the Stallion showed up.
  And I was like, what how does this work where Megan the Stallion big in the household and fit as a fiddle big in the household?  I like a song from the 30s and Jane's like current like very, very popular.
  Yeah, it's a charismatic modern performer.
  Darling, this Megan the Stallion song is all right.
  But if you heard Toot Toot Toot Toot See Goodbye, why let me do a few bars for you, my dear.
  I should try some.
  Megan should sing a song or two about butterscotch.
  I did.
 I was like looking up the four little shavers when I was over at Jane's and I yelled from the other room like, honey, they knew fit as a fiddle.
  Oh, Tootsy.
  And then I just look what I found.
  I just like started singing the core and she's just like, OK, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Where did you get that straw hat?  Materialized it.
  Why does the dog have arm garters on all of a sudden?  You should bring them back.
  That's a signature look.
  I should.
  You're going to sing the old one soon.
  So maybe that's in the content and contention.
  But the other thing about rock and roll, I loved Rocking Bullwinkle as a kid, too.
  But these animatronics, these are probably the most guilty of the click clack overwhelming the music.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's why I said maybe bump on.
  I think this seems like a good brand and I think we should talk.
  We should do an episode about it.
  But maybe they're struggling because the videos aren't very good and are close to the click clack.
  But like we don't have to drag all these out.
  I'm going for a little shave.
  Yes, I'll say this, though.
  I found some of the coolest sounding music in one of these clips real quick.
  Not that.
  This is Bullwinkle.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Rocky and Bullwinkle playing this.
  This is sweet.
  Yeah.
  So I was going to be a little more torn.
  I hadn't decided, but you guys have destroyed poor Rocking Bullwinkle.
  Yeah.
  Do you give them a vote?  I'll vote for Rocky Bullwinkle.
  OK, OK.
 Sure, sure, sure.
  Did you? Was that a full sweep of Calico Coffin Creeper?  Or are you sticking by Fibera?  Just for the people keeping the stats.
  No, I'll go with Calico.
  Wow, wow.
 That is a full sweep.
 OK, OK.
  But otherwise.
  But in this case, the Calico Coffin Creepers who go on to face the four little shavers from Pizza Time Theater.
  Now we go solo for a little while and another bit.
  Boy, we got to.
 Oh, my God.
  This is an endless episode.
  OK, let's just.
  This is what inspired this episode, by the way, is that there was an episode where I think we talked about what if there was a dueling piano bar between these competitors?  And that is Sunny Eclipse from Tomorrowland from Cosmic Rays in the Magic Kingdom in Disney World.
  The Lounge Singing Alien versus Mack Tonight, the McDonald's spokesmoon, who, if you don't know, was or still is at a couple McDonald's restaurants.
  McDonald's restaurants playing piano.
  There were and are animatronic Mac tonight's that you could see in McDonald's that have really stepped up their game.
  Right.
 Yes.
 And these are very similar.
  These are.
 So this is some of the most similar performers, I think, on this list.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I would say.
 Yeah.
  Both like piano based, although in Sunny's case, it is the Astro organ.
  Yes.
 But it's the same.
  It's a similar vibe.
  It's a similar kind of bluesy vibe.
  We got a lounge.
  That's really the next one is to we're in the lounge territory.
  I guess an easy kind of funny that there's so many animatronics in that zone because like this is a far gone.
  You know, when you go out to a bar and that part's gone, we don't do that as much anymore.
  But like and then there's like a lounge.
  Yeah.
  I think I like playing to take in requests.
  And this is not the most common thing in the world now.
  But when they were making these robots.
  Yeah.
 And the Dresden's famous duo, one of them passed away recently.
  Oh, yeah.
 Marty.
 Right.
 Marty.
  And Elaine.
 Yeah.
  So like there was some of the last classic lounge singers around.
  So, yeah, this is a this is another bygone era situation.
  Barbershop.
  Well, how to begin?  I think I think I didn't know what really the Mac tonight show consisted of.
  I saw an animatronic Mac tonight.
  It was one of the big reasons for me to go to something called the world's largest McDonald's, which is in the Orlando area, which is still a crazy spectacle.
  But it's not like the seven hundred aesthetics at once that it was in 2010 when I went.
  And unfortunately, he was not working.
  It was like a reason to do the trip and inspired a Disney World trip and then got there and it was not working.
  So points against it right away.
  But you can still see it there.
  And then there's there's I think this is gone, but there's a place called the solid gold McDonald's in Wisconsin, Greenville, Wisconsin, I believe, which is weird.
  And maybe God, I don't know the full where the Mac tonight animatronics were, but those are two that I I know about.
  And I was like, what is the show exactly?  And I was a little disappointed to find it's a lot of singing over prerecords.
  It is like I must say Chuck Berry's in there.
  I mean, I found one with Born to be Wild.
  That's not right.
  This is not a correct choice for a piano.
  There's not a piano in that song.
  Yeah.
  So disappointing a little from the get go.
  Yeah, I you know, I found in some of the solo rounds and in with Rock and Bullwinkle, too.
  I was I was docking some points because I'm like, is this your main gig, man?  Like this isn't Mack tonight's main gig.
  You know, it's little movies, pitch man.
  Like that's the ads are the yes.
  The the the 80s McDonald's ads and just his existence on merchandise and as a crazy reference to bring up and weird.
  Yeah.
  Retrofuture of I mean, I love Mac tonight.
  But is this really the way that he shines?  Sunny Eclipse exclusive engagement, a cosmic race.
  Also the last time I was there a few months ago, frozen, frozen and rigor mortis on the stage.
  No, no, no.
  So not working similar to your Mac tonight experience.
  I believe is up and working more recently.
  OK, good, good.
  But yeah, original songs, you know, he's there's original songs in the commercials.
  But do we even count that because it's not in the robot show?  Yeah, he does perform Mac the knife, which was his main thing.
  But I don't think with the customized lyrics about head for golden lights dinner at McDonald's.
  So I and I could be wrong, but if that original song was not in the show, then there's not a lot I can I can say in the favor of this.
  Yeah.
 Let me say this, though, that this wasn't at all locations, but I found one video.
  Of course, Sunny Eclipse has invisible backup singers who are the space angels.
  And I thought, well, that's big points that there are backup singers.
  But in one case, Mack tonight did have backup singers and those are the rockin chickens.
  Oh, yeah.
 Right.
 Right.
  They all poke out of windows of like a little fake.
  That's good.
 And they all do shout together, which has the call in response to it.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah, I like the rockin chickens.
  Look, look wise and vibe wise.
  I'll say this Mac tonight.
  He will haunt my dreams for the rest of my life.
  There is something so striking about him, maybe more so than anyone else on this list.
  That I will never forget this in the same way that like I'm haunted by Joe Camel.
  Mm hmm.
 It's a similar era.
  It's a similar type of spokes character.
  They're both cool.
  They're both cool guys.
  You want to be like both of them.
  Yeah.
 Both big smokers, I think for sure.
  He should do a joke.
  Oh, yeah, you're right.
  We probably should.
  I'm the paywall with the generals warning.
  Yeah, we will not.
 Yeah, we got to do Joe Camel.
  He was ever an animatronic anywhere for any reason.
  And when you take like a tour of the Marlboro factory.
  Yeah, maybe he actually does smoke.
  No, camel.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Jesus.
 That was just at the time.
  I lost my mind.
  Promotions are like a cool mascot and then the Marlboro man.
  Yeah, you could get points.
  Yeah.
  Camel cigarettes.
 Yeah, we'll do.
  We'll do a camel cigarettes episode.
  We'll do some cigarettes episodes.
  Coming soon.
  But I will give Matt tonight points for that because that is just such a striking image of a character in a way like top my top 20 most striking characters in my brain.
  It's such a thing from our childhood specific because I think he happened in like 87, 88.
  Yeah.
 And it did just like, yeah, really tear through the fabric.
  Right.
 My world and life.
  Right.
 That age.
  Like I will never forget this face.
  Yeah.
 So so he does.
 He does.
 Does deserve points for that.
  Yeah.
 But I think, you know, our our love of Sunny Eclipse is pretty clear.
  Whole episode about him with Jenny Nicholson on the second gate.
  It's a really fun show.
  And if you go to Disney World, you have that's a thing you have to like.
  Oh, here's an obscure corner you can take people to.
  And he looks great, too.
 He looks cool.
  His set, the restaurant doesn't look cool that he's in, but he is little area looks cool.
  Yeah.
 It's just a good concept art you can find online.
  He looks cool.
  And the songs are much better.
  Yeah.
  Original songs.
  I looked it up again.
 Loves the center of the universe.
  Moving song.
  All right.
 Well, I think, unfortunately, but I look I still like the idea of pairing them up.
  In some way.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Could happen.
  Well, Mac needs more love now for a lot of the Szechuan sauce is coming back yet again.
  Everything retro happened like there probably is the right way to bring back.
  Yes.
 Right.
 That would be exciting.
  They need to reclaim some like darker parts of the Internet tried to claim him.
  This is 10 years ago.
 Eight, 10 years ago or so.
  I think it's already been done with.
 Yeah, we don't like you can't bring them up now without people saying, well, do you know that it's the right way?  Well, no, no, it's not.
 I didn't even remember.
  Tonight is ours.
 Damn it.
 Yeah, I didn't even remember it.
  I think the the Scott I say I sent you a Mac tonight.
  Beach towel.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
  Yeah, I love that.
 I think lots of people are already starting to reclaim them.
  So I think it's time for McDonald's.
  They've been pretty lackluster in their honestly.
  They're they're trying to roll out like their version of Beyond Burger Impossible Burger soon.
  Seems like the perfect time for Mac tonight to come back.
  Why is that? Yeah, I was going to say, what's the what's the.
  Because they well, they haven't had a big new food item in a while.
  They're they're getting hampered down by the rising cost of meat like everywhere is.
  And I think we could all use the morale boost of seeing our friend Mac again.
  You know, and also like, let's let's scare.
  Let's scare Scott.
 I don't mean to, you know, put your child on the spot.
  Like, let's get them.
 Let's get them some impressions in their minds as they develop object.
  Yeah, yeah, I would like them to be as scarred by Mac tonight.
  Why not? It happened to me.
 It should have been.
  That's right.
 It's the right time for Beyond Meat at McDonald's.
  Well, Sunny Eclipse advances.
 No disrespect, Mac.
  But I think you're right.
 Well, do you give him further respect for his real job as a TV pitchman?  Yeah.
 And we move on in the lounge area.
  Feel free, Jason, to take this next.
  Well, I'm concerned.
 Maybe I don't have the right names, but this is Sally.
  Sally, the singing animatronic loun singer from Sally Dark Rides.
  The namesake of Sally Dark Rides.
 Yes.
 Versus Dolly Dimples.
  Dolly Dimples, who's a Chuck E.
 Cheese side character as well.
  Sally, we came across in our episode about Sally Dark Rides.
  That was a second gate, right? Yes.
  Which I recommend.
 We found some very bizarre off the beaten path rides.
  They make some of the strangest animatronics outside of Disney and Universal, although sometimes for Universal.
  Including, and that was your find, I think, Mike, was this weird video advertising that you could in your.
.
.
  It seems like especially hotel bars is what they're aiming for.
  Yeah, I have it.
 I have it.
 Oh, yes, please.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Nights, have you ever felt as all night?  She's talented, good looking, and an entertainer par excellence.
 Meet Sally, our piano playing lady.
  Sally's realistic good looks love her voice.
  They keep mentioning how attractive the robot is in this ad.
  It's a really strange video.
 It's not the last time.
  This is 1984, so it's not all that surprising to see a robot singing and playing the piano.
  Anyway, some other guy goes, oh, and she's attractive too at the end of this.
  That was a selling point for the robot.
  She's always sober, doesn't take breaks, and even comes with a warranty.
  Yeah, she's the perfect employee.
  Which is also funny because that's how we think of women in America.
 They've got to be attractive.
  And then the other thing is this is the contempt these people have for employees.
  Well, they're always drunk and they always want a break from their work.
  Musicians, what illicit substances they get going in their automobiles.
  So yeah, Sally, imagine a mannequin from a department store playing the piano.
  Yes.
  It's exactly like this.
  And later on, DJ, there was a second iteration of her.
  Eventually, we can't count that.
  Yeah, this round.
  Dolly Dimples, the Chuck E.
 Cheese show specifically, kept coming across as specifically for adults.
  And for a number of reasons, one, she would kind of flirt with the people close to the stage.
  She also has some references to her many husbands.
  That was the other relationship I was alluding to.
  She's like, one of whom, like the shavers, his name is Nolan.
  They nodded to Nolan, who's Chuck E.
 Cheese's daddy.
  Not Christopher Nolan.
  No, no, no.
  Nolan Bushnell.
  Christopher Nolan was not married to Dolly Dimples.
  And not Jonathan Nolan.
  And not the third Nolan.
  And not the third Nolan.
  And no one talk about the third one.
  The talk of the third Nolan.
  Nolan Ryan.
  Nolan Ryan, a baseball player.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so Dolly Dimples looks like a hippopotamus in a wig.
  Big clown wig.
  Big clown wig, as Jamie Loftus said, this divorcee hippopotamus on our Chuck E.
 Cheese episode.
  Yes, it's very, she looks very funny.
  I really like the look she's got going here.
  Yeah.
  I'll say that.
  Yes, yeah.
  And yeah, her show's a little, let's say a little bodier.
  A little bodier, yeah.
  With these references and with the, because, which, I was looking for proof of what that means, the bodiness.
  And I think it's mainly that she says that people are getting her hot and bothered.
  Yeah.
  Which I guess is X-rated within Theme Park world.
  Children's entertainment world.
  Right, and this is one of those where this is all documented on YouTube.
  You can find the whole show.
  She does like, she does some older songs, I feel like,  other than Sally.
  Sally is doing like the hits of the 60s or 70s.
  She does, Sally was doing an old fashioned love song by Three Dog Nights, of course written by Paul Williams.
  That's new compared to some of the songs Dolly Dimples does.
  She does Summertime.
  She does Frankie and John.
  George Gershwin, yeah.
  Could see goodbye.
  Yeah, well, how many of the acts on this list?  She does Hello Dolly from Hello Dolly.
  That's cute.
  Yeah.
  Watch that man right out of my hair.
  Yeah.
  The vibe, this is just, I don't have it, actually, this, I just want to give everybody a vibe.
  Little Chicago there.
  I assume the Blues Brothers.
  You should have done that at our Chicago show.
  You should have started the show singing Chicago, Chicago.
  There's always another Chicago show.
  Next Chicago show, we're coming out as the Blues Brothers, let's be honest.
  We could never be the Blues Brothers.
  We're just a bunch of comedians.
  We couldn't be authentic blues musicians.
  You're right.
  Like the Blues Brothers.
  You gotta be the professional dancer to do.
  We're going to have to work hard to get ready for that.
  Who would be of all three of the, I consider now the Blues Brothers, the three good men,  Ackroyd and Belushi, Jim Belushi.
  Which one would each of us be?  Well, I don't look, I don't, why aren't you counting your Ackroyd because you're tall?  I can swing it, but Jason's the kid.
  Oh yeah, the kid.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  This is the kid in Blues Brothers.
  12 year old.
  Okay, we got it down.
  So yeah, Dolly Dimples, more personality from what I understand than Sally.
  Sally plays through, I think she has a little banter, but there's not a lot of documentation online about it.
  But it feels like Dolly Dimples is programmed for you to sit down.
  It's so strange, we talked about this before, like there used to be multiple rooms in these Chuck E.
 Cheese places.
  And you just go in a separate room with Dolly Dimples.
  Like you could be in there alone with her.
  Yeah.
  And like just enjoy your pizza and drinks.
  This is how I think, you know, the Chuck E.
 Cheese stuff maybe shines because it's more aggressively documented, as you've said, Mike.
  Even to this level of detail, that apparently the first time there was ever a Dolly Dimples room that they made up a, because of the hot and bothered and all that, they took us, they put up a sign.
  They made up a sign that says, especially for mom and dad.
  They didn't want to say only for mom and dad, but especially.
  And then ultimately they decided to not install the sign.
  And I'm reading this like, how am I reading this?  This is the inner workings of, I wouldn't be reading like an oral history about Leslie's pool supplies.
  Yeah, yeah.
  How is this level of detail made it to me and therefore you, the audience.
  But now it has.
  So it's, you know, do we have to dock Dolly points for being so NC-17?  You know, I don't, I don't think so.
  I think they're, mom and dad need a show too while they're drinking like a giant pour of white's infandel out of those red plastic cups that repeats a play's hat back in the day.
  Look, there's, I've seen like a couple of times now there's, oh, you know what?  The Rainforest Cafe in Woodfield Mall was replaced by a Peppa Pig's Playland kind of a thing.
  And I've seen this before.
  I think there are multiple Peppa Pig.
  I don't know how, I don't know what there's animatronic situation.
  I haven't looked into it.
  But if like you brought your kid to Peppa Pig and there was like a Dolly Dimples room, so a parents could, they could own wine.
  They could have a drink and they could hear one of their favorite songs to to to see goodbye.
  I think that'd be great.
  And get out of the eyesight of their child.
  Yeah, right.
  A great thing to do in a place like that.
  Exactly.
  Who would have thought like in the era when like even motels, the signs would say like color TV, bar, lounge, nightly entertainment,  like who would have thought Dolly Dimples would be one of the last regular lounge singers outside of like Las Vegas?  So there's Dolly's around.
  I think I can't.
  I don't know if in Volo this museum, but there's for sure Dolly's around.
  People have kept them up.
  There's a guy who has one in his living room.
  Oh, wow.
  Like a restored one that he programs and post videos.
  I don't want to get lucky guy.
  Yeah, I live with Dolly.
  I don't want to get sympathy here, but let me say this.
  I saw Sally for sale and this is on Worth Point, which has come up a bunch for this kind of nonsense.
  It's being sold on Worth Point.
  Sally has been playing piano for many years at Wax World of the Stars in Wisconsin Dells.
  Oh, yeah.
  That museum is now closed and Sally is looking for a new home.
  Not only can she play piano, she sings as well, lips move in song sing, can't blah, blah, blah.
  But she is tired.
  She has a few missing fingers and is in need of some refurbishing.
  But that's all right.
  This is what this copy says.
  It is all right.
  It is all right.
  Sally works hard.
  She doesn't get breaks.
  She doesn't get a drink.
  So Sally's in rough shape.
  She can maybe use this.
  But I think we're all failing.
  Yeah, I got to go with Dolly.
  We got to Dolly Dimples.
  All right.
  Sorry, Sally.
  Wishing you the best.
  I hope you got a great new owner.
  It fixed you up right.
  But Dolly Dimples moves on to take on Sony Eclipse.
  I'm not sure the order.
  I think I know the order I want to go here.
  I think I know the right way to close it out.
  Let's jump back to bands.
  And here we have.
  So we're in Disney territory now.
  This is kind of some chaos, some miscellany.
  We'll see how they fare against each other.
  All right.
  We have here the Muppet Penguin Orchestra from Muppet  Vision 3D versus the Seven Dwarves.
  Why the Seven Dwarves?  Because the Seven Dwarves are a band.
  You know the ride.
  Think about the ride.
  Think about Enchanted Wish and even the Mind Train ride.
  The same scene.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  They are celebrating with Snow White in a happy moment.
  And we'll ride with some otherwise scary stuff.
  The Seven Dwarves are a band.
  They.
  The Seven Dwarves rock.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  I don't know if they call it they're doing rock music.
  It's kind of like Swiss Alps stuff.
  It's the they're playing the silly song, Scott.
  Is that the name of it?  Yeah.
  And in this in the movie, of course, there's longer.
  And then they all like sing a little verse.
  Not all of them.
  A couple of them.
  Happy sings a verse.
  You know what I'm saying.
  I know it's so much more from the ride.
  I forget that there's lyrics.
  Yeah, there's lyrics in there, but we don't they don't sing it in the ride.
  So it shouldn't count.
  So yeah.
  But a lot of them.
  All right.
  Look, you got a fiddle in there.
  You got a big bass.
  You got an accordion.
  And you got if we're talking cool gear like I think the only thing getting close maybe  to the munch slash fats piano setup is this ornate wooden piano or organ, whatever you  want to call it, where the pipes, I guess it's an organ because of the pipes, because  it's a bunch of carved animals that all make the noises from little holes.
  This is maybe the best instrument in the whole tournament.
  Could be.
  This is the coolest looking instrument.
  You got to give them points for that.
  Yeah.
  And then they're all like grumpy is playing the accordion.
  Is that grumpy?  I believe it looks like grumpy to me.
  Wow.
  And then Doc is on a mandolin.
  And then I think that's happy in the blue on the bass.
  Sleepy maybe playing fiddle.
  Yeah.
  Sleepy even the fiddle.
  And then Sneezy and Dopey are just stacked on top of each other.
  Yeah.
  Now they didn't go the full because I watched the clip from the movie.
  Dopey in the movie is playing percussion.
  Dopey is awesome.
  Really?  He's so good.
  And he's doing tricks.
  Remember he like shoots his like the drumstick like flies through his clothes.
  Now we can't count it.
  I'm just saying that he has this ability to play and they did not show him drumming in here because I think he could have taken out any other drummer maybe in this competition too.
  I think these dwarves are low key like just fucking killer session musician kind of players.
  What a crazy thing.
  They go work in a mine all day and how do they unwind by just going to town?  Yeah.
  They're really good musicians.
  It's like I would love to see like the I don't know it's not sad but like if say this was a Chuck E Cheese like people would have these dwarf shows in their garages and stuff and they would have like reprogrammed to play like a Lumineers song or something.
  You know?  Hey ho music or Mumford and Son.
  Sure.
  The best music.
  My favorite music.
  The best.
  Yeah.
  I was going to suggest getting rid of this other act to replace with the Calico Critters.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  So we're not feeling good about Muppets we're going to go.
  I had the wrong act down.
  Oh really?  What would you think?  I thought it was the almost by the skin of their teeth jamming jesters.
  Oh I see.
  I think we would have blown away both of these bands.
  Well it's still up for the jamming jesters also came up in the Sally Dark Rides second gate.
  Right.
  They would have won?  I think they would have won this round easily.
  Oh really?  Do you want to pull them in?  I like last minute replacement.
  This is the thing of your childhood Mike.
  Do you want to put the gesture back?  You want to replace jesters with the Muppets Penguin Orchestra?  No I'm saying the other.
  Wait who do you think is in?  I would have replaced the Muppet Penguin Orchestra with the Calico Creepers earlier.
  Oh I see.
  I see.
  So in our official way of saying this Muppets but we're saying but now and you they're the  link weak link to you.
  So that means their chances are not very good.
  Right.
  Sorry Muppet fans.
  But do we want to put in this thing from your childhood?  I would replace the Muppet Orchestra with jamming jesters.
  Sure.
  All right.
  Muppets you're out.
  Jamming jesters are in.
  A regional thing from Enchanted Forest in Lombard Illinois.
  Correct?  Yeah.
  All right.
  Jamming jesters.
  People get through their phone by the way.
  A thousand people in our audience through their phone when I said a Muppet thing is  out.
  I don't think neither of these were my the dwarves or the Muppet.
  Like neither of these were my favorites.
  I was a I freaking loved the seven dwarves.
  I was obsessed as a kid.
  I was obsessed with the seven dwarves.
  I had I've told the story before.
  I was sick and I was like my dad was like can I get you something when I go to the store  and I go I want seven dwarves toys and he goes and he goes oh okay and then he like  left on my mom goes they don't make seven dwarves toys.
  What are you going to buy do you agree to that?  And he went and he found you know Walgreens or something like a pack of seven little ninja  characters and whatever and he brought it back and he goes hey these are the ninja dwarves.
  Good enough.
  Did you buy it?  Yeah I bought it.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  And then they buy the time my sister was was three or something.
  They did have pretty high quality dwarves things but I was obsessed.
  They had the poster on my wall.
  When I finally opened my eyes on the well no the original didn't have this fun scene I  don't even think in Disney World but look I like them finest characters as animatronic  musicians.
  I don't think that scene is a lie.
  It's fine.
  I don't think I love it.
  I just like it too.
  Yeah I like it too.
  Two days ago I love going in that room when they're playing that little.
  Yeah I'm clapping along.
  I'm pretty happy Snow White's having a good time.
  I think in the context of the ride but in the context of this this bracket I was like  I don't know.
  I like the silly song.
  I like bringing with this genre like yodely music into this rock competition.
  I like acknowledging them as musicians.
  What is rock and roll?  What is it?  It's the essence.
  It's the vibe in that room.
  Can you imagine you go on that ride and you go it would be awesome to hang out in this  room with these dwarves with the seven dwarves and Snow White.
  This would be a fun little party we're having.
  But the jamming gestures I mean they do rock around the clock.
  They do let's go to the hop.
  They do magic to do from Pippin.
  They do a lot of Pippin.
  They do a lot of songs from Pippin.
  Can we explain this from the ground up if you don't have the second gate and you should.
  Go check out the Sally one especially because that's a lot of where this is coming from.
  But this is something that was from Mike's childhood.
  You didn't realize that this Anatronics company was behind it and it is it's medieval themed.
  There's a dragon in the band.
  There's another there's a very Sally like and like a mannequin looking woman like a  princess or something.
  I don't know what she is.
  Anything else you want to say being as a little home.
  There's a little dragon called Cute and they do some some OK comedy.
  Isn't there a bigger dragon that kind of rolls out directly onto the carpet.
  Yeah.
  A little cute dragon that's up on a table or something.
  Yes.
  And it's like I love I do love this show.
  And it was from.
  Yeah.
  Should we say I don't know.
  It's from Enchanted Castle.
  Did we say that Enchanted Castle.
  You did say that.
  OK.
  In Lombard Illinois.
  It's still there.
  It still exists.
  Although somebody I recently said they think the show is done.
  I think they don't run it anymore.
  So it's possible it's finally over.
  But it's a great like you don't see you see some of the same like kind of hillbilly type  shows with these robots but you don't see a lot of medieval.
  I appreciate that vibe.
  I think it's fun.
  There's a lot of mouth robot noise clacking noise on these which we pointed out on the  episode like a trumpeter.
  Is he also a dragon.
  There's like a kind of a donkey looking guy.
  They've ref.
  They've changed.
  They we've discovered they changed it around a little bit over the years.
  And yeah they do like.
  At some point it was Merlin Merlin's magical music makers and then became the jamming  gestures.
  Right.
  And they do.
  They also do old time rock and roll sometimes.
  Yeah.
  I will say I did find a YouTube comment on one of the videos where someone just wrote  in all caps Chuck E.
  Cheese's in Darien Illinois is better than this.
  And I was like oh I guess fair.
  I mean that's kind of fair.
  I bet it is.
  But you know it's about the music.
  And you've been there in person.
  This has become like a Mike Passion.
  So I don't want to put it all on you but you know you can speak to this the most maybe.
  Yeah it's tough because like I mean I like that we put the jamming gestures in here but  these are two things that the dwarves song and being in the room and this is again I  try to take out you know nostalgia or my extreme love and I try to just judge it on the rock.
  I try to judge it on the vibes and I don't know.
  I think that that seven dwarves band and the song they're playing the vibe is too good  to ignore.
  The vibe is too fun to ignore.
  And I look I can't completely take myself out of it because I wanted to be friends with  these seven guys and Snow White Snow White not so much seven guys.
  Yes I wanted to be buddies with them.
  I thought this seemed like they were like the original like aspirational hang you know  like this is very odd but OK.
  I'm not worse.
  Before the frat pack before your other guy.
  Yeah not my other guys but I as a child and this is not I'm not exaggerating for the air  here.
  This is true.
  I was I was a huge seven dwarves kid and I wanted to be there Snow White.
  You wanted them.
  Yeah I was like a lady out of here.
  What about Mike Michael and the seven dwarves.
  No Mike.
  Snow Mike is what I said.
  And these robots still look good.
  The song is still fun.
  Fan art by the way.
  Sure.
  You and his shirt with sleeves kind of like the Disney bound version of those are with  your current your actual style.
  These sleeves are on trend right now.
  So you know it's like you get a hold of the end of the ride would be like the prince is  coming over and I'm like no no no get away and I'm like motioning for dopey to come over  to like get kids.
  To love kiss dopey bring me a hard Mountain Dew Bob last.
  Let's party fellas.
  I got to go seven dwarves.
  Yeah I'm happy Jim and gestures are in there but I think seven dwarves is the best maybe  the best Disney music scene.
  Think about it.
  Oh yeah.
  Most music all portrayed in one place and it's fun.
  Yeah I like seven dwarves.
  I think they're in.
  That's all right.
  You play the guys the gang the whole gang got in.
  Yeah yeah I think they made a valiant effort.
  The Muppets dist geez.
  People are upset.
  So I like them too but.
  It's a full orchestra I like that but yeah it brings us to the final round and this the  matchup you've been waiting for ghost versus alien.
  This is where we finally settle the hash between the ghost or the alien.
  The hash between the ghost organist in the haunted mansion and the ET playing the marimba  the big big glowy plants rocks there.
  They're there.
  They light up and he's playing them with you know.
  Yeah.
  ET playing big glowy things with percussion sticks from the ET adventure.
  Look up and don't blink or you will miss him.
  Yes.
  Yeah it's hard.
  It's possible even to find a good picture of him but he's burned into my brain.
  Once I was thinking about musicians and rides.
  Well this is look you don't.
  How do you know that you're in an interplanetary celebration unless there's a little alien  going bling bling bling bling bling bling.
  This is Ewok stuff.
  This is great.
  Yeah.
  It makes me so happy.
  It's I don't know why he's so I didn't even remember.
  I so did not realize he was way up in the back.
  Right.
  He's he's he's in the front of my heart.
  Well because another one is kind of playing a plant like harp thing.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Like a lot of the planet is like a musical instrument you know.
  It can all be.
  It's a very musical planet.
  Like the green planet is cool.
  I think we can all agree.
  Lots of cool environments on the green planet.
  It's such an under the sea thing.
  It's such a vibe of under the sea.
  But what does ET open?  Is it like what does it.
  Pretty close.
  Yeah.
  I think it's like the ride 90.
  Ninety one.
  Yes.
  So were they 90 probably in Florida.
  Yeah.
  Florida.
  So the influence by under the sea.
  Maybe.
  It's such an under the sea.
  Should we have put an under the sea character in this.
  I don't think so because I think this is the vibe.
  Well maybe Mr.
  Limp it just for hanging out.
  Oh sure.
  All right.
  I guess he doesn't really play anything.
  So but then you got some history.
  You got I didn't realize this is the we're talking about Victor Geist.
  I just covered him in the last episode.
  This is what we just made it past.
  Victor Geist I believe in the ballroom.
  Right.
  Right.
  And he's playing a big crazy huge organ from 20,000 leagues and there's spirits coming out of the pipes.
  It's an impressive piece.
  Yeah.
  Somebody pointed out that we didn't recognize or didn't say that it's a play on Poltergeist.
  Yeah.
  I still I understand if the if the we were saying it was like a normal name and we missed that Geist is ghost.
  Yeah.
  That I get.
  Sure.
  But anybody who's saying no it's a joke.
  It's a play on Poltergeist.
  No it's not.
  You mean Victor Geist.
  Poltergeist.
  That's not it would have to be closer to I might have complained about this already.
  Oh maybe.
  Possibly sounds familiar.
  I'll keep complaining about it.
  And maybe it's maybe it taints Victor Geist for me.
  I didn't like that whole conversation.
  Yeah.
  Look I like I still like Victor Geist despite this controversy that's swirling around him.
  But the ET plays the cute.
  He's cute.
  Yeah.
  Look you know if you got thoughts Jason but I know what I'm no I mean he's kind of a big centerpiece of that ballroom scene.
  Yeah.
  You got to go on the cuteness.
  Yeah.
  Oh there's no way.
  Now he's not an ET.
  He's a brodo is so I just want to remember.
  OK.
  Brodo is OG.
  Brodo is OG.
  Is a brodo is OG playing something we don't know.
  Blung blung blung.
  Blung.
  Wow.
  OK.
  So we've the elite eight.
  The elite eight we've made it through here.
  I'll go in the opposite order of what we'll wrap back around to.
  So we will have Calico coffin creepers from Knott's Berry Farm versus four little shavers from Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Sony Eclipse versus Dolly Dimples.
  Disney versus Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Seven dwarves versus the ET playing the marimbas.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  But that loops us back around to the first one we have to cover which is in round two Munch's Make Believe Band from Chuck E.
 Cheese's versus the Peach Boys.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  This seems like a blowout.
  Yeah I think so.
  Yeah.
  This is an easy one.
  Yeah.
  Sorry Peach Boys.
  I'm glad they made it but yeah.
  Hey look we can't.
  Mr.
 Munch.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  I'll make it a different color so I know what one in the next.
  Okay.
  This is interesting then.
  Calico coffin creepers versus four little shavers.
  Oh Jason.
  One of my favorites versus a new favorite.
  Yeah.
  That kind of got in at the last minute.
  We have to like the fun of the new.
  We have to like let that sit for a second.
  You don't want to get emotional and you don't want to get excited about a new thing.
  And their merits.
  Look there's more movement certainly in the four little shavers.
  They are flapping all around.
  Yeah.
  I go back though to my original argument which is that.
  I mean look acapella music.
  That's music.
  They're musicians.
  Yeah.
  But we were kind of going.
  There's a lot of instruments here.
  If we're studying musicians but that's not going to be points in the favor of Calico  coffin creepers.
  These are not the best animatronics we're going to find in the thing.
  No.
  It's more about a vibe.
  Which yeah.
  Is that like aesthetically here.
  Aesthetically like Jason you would say obviously aesthetically your ultimate band all wears  expenders and little dickies and that's like your ultimate just very uncomfortable.
  Yeah.
  Tunish amount of clothes piled on top of each other.
  Right.
  Yes.
  Right.
  So it's just.
  Yeah.
  So when you when you go to Calico the Calico.
  The Calico guy it's just the music isn't any newer.
  This is old time country music you know.
  They're probably not so dissimilar in the eras.
  No.
  But if we're talking about rock closer to the origins of rock.
  Hey I think you know I tried to I tried to late add Mr.
  Lincoln as a spoken word category on this cat and this tournament and say does he rock  does the spoken word of a great moment for Mr.
  Lincoln rock.
  So my cat I want to.
  Spoken word Grammys he could have won.
  Yeah.
  I wanted to expand what it means to rock.
  So Jason look if you get passion if you feel passion from it if it gets your you know blood  pumping I'm talking about the little shavers then it is rock you know.
  These little furry barbershop singers get your blood flowing.
  I mean I certainly don't want my blood pumping when I'm getting a straight razor shave.
  I would like it to be very still.
  That's fair.
  Yeah.
  I'm just saying.
  Fluidy.
  They're also in an ice cream place too.
  So that that's points in your point.
  Yeah.
  The others are at a coot nanny though.
  I know that's all that's really fun.
  Halloween hoot nanny and I like that they're seasonal and regional.
  I think those are just can be points against but I think they're they're points for in  this regard.
  I like the Knott's Berry Farm would make it this far.
  Makes it more special.
  I mean at the Volo Auto Museum they're kind of in a recreation of like of a pizza type  experience which is not their original context.
  So you know very few people got to see them in their original context of like an animatronic  ice cream parlor.
  Right.
  So but the Calico Coffin Creepers are in their original context.
  You know you know what we somebody we haven't brought into this yet is something I'd like  to quickly like and I see that it is available on T-Public.
  Like which bands merch would you rather wear?  And obviously we don't see they don't have like big you know big gift shops or big online  stores but I think I'm going to be wearing a Calico Coffin Creepers shirt over a four  little shaver shirt and that's me.
  That's my preference.
  Yeah.
  You don't want like a shirt that's like that that Adventureland kind of games games games  ride ride ride shirts but it just says hello hello hello.
  That's a fun shirt.
  Maybe now that you're OK.
  Well that's true.
  I was going to picturing like one of those things where it's like a t-shirt but it has  the look of their like their barbershop outfits on it.
  OK.
  I want a logo of the logo that's on their drum which is like yeah yeah badly.
  Yes.
  Like the way you know when you write a poster for yourself if you aren't good at that kind  of thing and you start to run out of room and the letters get spread and you know you  get smaller and smaller that's their their drum drumhead.
  Yeah.
  Does not look good but it's the choice.
  The Calico.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If you look at their drumhead.
  I mean that's very far away.
  A little DIY a little like it's good.
  Yeah.
  They're like not the corporate band.
  You know what I'm saying.
  Also that's a strike in there.
  Like that's good.
  Not a strike against them.
  Yeah.
  Not like big barbershop.
  Yeah.
  That's a corporate.
  That's a big thing.
  Shills.
  Yeah.
  For big shampoo.
  Yeah.
  I got to go with my Calico coffin creepers here.
  Yeah.
  You said it.
  You hit you got me with corporate.
  How do you argue against that.
  These are the underground guy.
  These are these guys are still keeping it real.
  This matchup I think even I have to go with Calico.
  Oh really.
  Wow.
  The Calico coffin creepers.
  I'm not.
  I recognize that a barbershop ice cream animatronics pretty narrow taste pretty narrow specific  taste.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  So but if we're talking about the the spirit of the tournament I think they're going to  have to take the L here even if it was close in my book.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Calico.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Defeat four little shavers.
  Anyone who's saying wow to that out loud is in a really weird rabbit hole.
  Yeah.
  Thanks for being here.
  Thank you.
  The let's move to lounge.
  Who's the king of lounge.
  Is it.
  Is it a big alien or is it a piano playing hippo.
  Sunny versus Dolly.
  Sunny versus Dolly.
  They both have like they both have a very impressive body of work.
  I'll say they both have a good substantial amount of material you can find online.
  Dolly did a long.
  I'll say this Dolly did a longer kind of show a little a little looser which you can appreciate  sometimes especially when it's in a live environment.
  She seemed like she wanted to have more interaction with the customers.
  Sunny is sort of you know doing a little crowd work but he has a pretty tight show that he  does and he does the same one every time.
  So I'm just trying to think of now the venues they're playing and obviously you know the  the Dolly Dimples room was a little looser a little more fun than cosmic rays.
  Cosmic rays is a little more they still wanted you in and out.
  Can't drink there.
  Well look we're going to get into trouble arguing the quality of this restaurant to Jason  who has come to its defense many times.
  Fine dining options.
  No toppings bar.
  Free toppings don't you understand.
  Toppings bar.
  Not a bar but a topping.
  Toppings bar at Cosmic Rays right now.
  Really?  I think the last time I was there folks please let us know when the toppings bars return.
  Let Jason know.
  You can leave us out of the ad on that.
  Tag all accounts.
  Mr.
 Morrow please do a video on the toppings bar at Cosmic Rays returns.
  Do 30 minutes on it and go through all the different like how the pieces of lettuce are.
  Mike Mr.
 Morrow recently did a video where he was fishing off a dock at Port Orleans.
  Oh I missed this.
  Riverside and I'm shocked.
  I knew about the fishing excursions where you go out on a boat but I didn't know you could just fish off a dock at Wilder's Lodge.
  Wow.
  And Port Orleans Riverside or else I would have definitely dragged at least you to do that with me.
  Do we have to get fishing is all I give you everything.
  Six bucks for a half an hour.
  Six or seven bucks.
  You keep the fish.
  No they're catch and release.
  But the fish die anyway.
  I'm catching release.
  I don't think I don't know that they do.
  I think they just get a little annoyed.
  You've got to cook through their mouth.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I think they die anyway.
  I'd actually honestly prefer we just eat them because then at least if they're going to die we're using them.
  You reap your reward.
  Yeah I don't want to do that.
  I'm just saying that would be my perfect.
  You think they want a bunch of guests cooking up bone in swamp fish in the common area girls.
  In your hotel room.
  Walt said that on his deathbed.
  That's what he wanted.
  That's why he did the Florida Project.
  Bunch of swamp fish.
  Florida Project.
  So that's on my list next time I get down to Orlando.
  Let me.
  Three words.
  Well five words.
  You, Norc City.
  Planet Zork.
  Planet Zork.
  I forgot.
  I forgot Planet Zork.
  If you don't recall and if you haven't heard our second gate.
  We're referencing a lot of second gate stuff here.
  So any clips the land singing robot piano Astro Oregon player comes from an opposite New York City called you Norc City.
  Which is not fully opposite because city is the same.
  Yeah.
  A topsy turvy town where the subways are up and the streets are down.
  I mean is there anything is there writing that polished in the Dolly Dimple set.
  No she just kind of makes a pass at your husband.
  You know that's really.
  She needs another one.
  Yeah.
  She's like a benevolent you know.
  Sonny we don't know about his life.
  That's when entertainment was you know that's for the we don't need to know everything about a person.
  I don't need to know which space angel he's dating.
  That's true.
  None of my business.
  I want to say Dolly but I'm going to not say Dolly.
  Yeah I think I'm going to give it to Sonny anyway.
  Very close.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  I mean he's you know we love him.
  We've discussed him at length.
  Everybody goes there and I'm always thankful when people send pictures of themselves with Sonny.
  Yeah.
  I'm always happy to.
  That's that's like putting your own's you know everybody goes and does Splash Mountain but not everybody takes the time.
  Yes right.
  This show that I can't believe is still there.
  I'm so happy it's still there.
  Yeah thank goodness.
  So this isn't it.
  This is very interesting.
  The seven dwarfs versus the ET playing the versus number one.
  Broto.
  Broto.
  What's the full name?  Broto is OG.
  Playing Green Planet Light Up.
  Green Planet Glow Plants.
  Green Planet Glow Plants.
  If you're talking about a vibe and a bunch of folks you want to hang out with.
  Well but it's not all of them.
  It's just one ET.
  One Broto is OG.
  Yeah but look at the setting you're in.
  Like a dirty a dirty old cabin that probably stank.
  That cabin does not look dirty.
  That cabin.
  Well no she cleans it.
  Snow White cleaned that shit.
  But all those dudes that many dudes in a house is gonna stink.
  Now fair enough they were messy.
  They were they had fallen under old school gender roles and they made Snow White clean this place up.
  But if she's there that place was spotless.
  That's true and those animals are helping.
  The animals were fantastic.
  Yeah they do a great job.
  So when you drive in in Disneyland that is not a dirty cabin.
  Don't ever say that.
  And unfortunately I can't when I think dirty between these two I think the ET ride more.
  But that's part of the charm of it.
  That planet was almost toast okay.
  That they were able to recover that quickly.
  It's fresh.
  It's freshly saved.
  That is true.
  Yeah.
  ET's healing touch.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  It was almost ash.
  Yeah.
  Just a mere 45 seconds ago.
  Here's what I'll say about that setting and I guess we really this is about rock.
  This is not about setting necessarily.
  But it's where they choose to perform.
  The planet feels gooey to me.
  It feels like there would be like a film on everything.
  Like if you touched it you'd be like your hands would be messy with a substance.
  I don't even know an outer world substance.
  Do we actually want to visit the Green Planet?  I want to visit the Green Planet.
  I mean I do.
  I do but.
  I mean if you go to the Hollywood Bowl or you go to Red Rocks you have to deal with the elements.
  You know.
  That is in play versus if you go to the Dolby Theater or something indoors.
  Would you rather go to Red Rocks or to the Green Planet?  Or would you rather see your favorite band?  I think I'd rather go to the Green Planet.
  You'd rather see your favorite band the New Pornographers on the Green Planet.
  I guess it would.
  I think that's more pop.
  I think the Green Planet is more.
  What was the phrase?  Power poppy.
  Well aesthetically color wise yes it does feel a little more.
  Yeah a lot of their album covers are often very colorful.
  Right.
  Look I don't want to be anywhere near the Dolby Theater.
  That's a place of danger and violence.
  Well yeah.
  I would say Red Rocks.
  Red Rocks is like yeah in the mountains.
  It seems.
  What are we arguing?  I lost track of Red Rocks is Green Planet.
  But no we're talking about the elements and like the vibe of both these places.
  Jason is trying to stall out so to prove that the Seven Dwarves locate.
  He doesn't like that.
  Jason is anti-Seven Dwarves ever since they beat the Jammin' Justers.
  And I kind of feel he's trying to divert here from the actual arguments to confuse me.
  I know you guys told me on how fun Marimba ET was.
  I was getting shocking points for how fast you go by that thing.
  I haven't decided by the way.
  I'm just saying.
  Okay.
  I'm just saying you said dirty.
  You said their living quarters were dirty and I disagreed.
  Have you decided Jason?  I think I've made my decision.
  Okay.
  Are you locking in?  I will lock in the Marimba playing Broto as OG.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah I love him.
  Yeah he's in.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  Sorry Mike.
  What were you?  I was going to go with the Dwarves.
  That's okay.
  Understood.
  That's what this is all about.
  Yes.
  They're still great characters and we respect your desire to be their friends.
  Yes.
  Thank you.
  So that brings us to the final four.
  The final four.
  We've made it to the final four which is Sunny Eclipse who will take on the Broto as OG playing  the glow plants.
  But first Munchers Make Believe Band versus the Calico Croffin Creepers.
  I can't believe it got to that point.
  This is the ultimate one seed versus 16 seed.
  This one is tough here.
  Yeah.
  It's really now how far do we want to take this new or how far do we want to take this  Rudy like.
  Yeah Rudy Band.
  It's a Rudy like band.
  The movie Rudy.
  If Rudy was five monsters.
  It's not the band Rooney.
  It's the movie.
  They're nothing like Rooney.
  They're not like Rooney.
  It's like Rudy.
  But will this outcome be more like later in life Rudy like the tragic stuff.
  I don't know.
  I don't really remember the specifics but it's just like oh no.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  After the big game or whatever like it's just like oh it wasn't.
  The real life person you're talking about.
  Yeah.
  Rudy not Rooney.
  What happened to Rooney?  Oh I thought you were.
  OK.
  We keep talking about.
  I don't know what happened to Rooney.
  I haven't heard from Rooney in a while.
  Where's Rooney been?  I know where Andy Rooney is.
  I don't mind the dry heat of hell.
  All right.
  Munch versus Calico.
  Oh boy.
  I'm losing my mind here.
  Yeah.
  It's look it's hard because we've lived with Munch so long and Calico is so new but truly  like the feeling I get from it is somebody some band who I've been with for a long time.
  Like I get a vibe of like oh these these people have been in my life for a long time.
  Instantly classic.
  Instantly classic.
  Instantly.
  It's not it doesn't feel it's retro but it's not a novelty retro.
  That's what I feel about it as well.
  I like this sentiment but let me say this the what do we know about the Calico Koffman  Creepers music?  It's like ding ding ding ding ding ding what do we know about the other competitor.
  We've got it together we've got it.
  Sure.
  We've got it.
  I mean that's now that's echoing.
  Look I didn't vote for them in the first round but it's you know it's it's hard to not respect  the work.
  Yeah.
  This substance is going to outweigh.
  Well this is the problem Chuck E Cheese just has so much material.
  Yes.
  That is available that we've poured over and it's hard to completely just give it to Calico  based on speculation and I understand they beat the Country Bears speculation what their  other work would be like.
  I mean Country Bears obviously are fantastic and that band is fantastic.
  But you know the kind of music that they play.
  The Country Bears music we don't hear we can guess what it's like.
  What does an alien on a tissue box guitar play with a Nosferatu and a washboard.
  Yeah.
  Who knows.
  Yeah.
  They're like they're the craft work they're outsider.
  Right.
  But yeah I think sadly much has to win.
  We still you get a monster either way.
  And I get a monster either way.
  A purple monster.
  All right.
  All right.
  I guess the corporations win this time.
  Munch goes ahead.
  Munch goes to the final round.
  Wow.
  Which leaves us with Sunny Eclipse versus the ET Blank.
  The Verona is actually a big.
  Yeah I don't think it's a tough one.
  I like for ET.
  It is tough.
  Huh.
  Two wonderful aliens.
  Yeah two wonderful aliens.
  Two wonderful aliens.
  And I didn't vote for ET in the last round and it's tricky because some of these yeah  they don't have the discography that the others do and it's hard because he has no discography.
  Yeah that's true.
  We have eight original songs versus bing bing dong.
  Let me let me bring this up.
  Let me bring this up.
  Does something have to be a pop song structure to rock.
  Does it have to be a three four five minute pop song lounge song whatever.
  No because Marky Moon the television saw Marky Moon is 10 minutes long.
  Well Marky Moon is a different story.
  That's pretty rockin.
  It is a rockin song but I'm saying even structureless.
  I'm saying even you know I don't think that on Broto Asoji they have three minute pop songs or even 10 minute pops and recordings.
  Maybe they don't have musical recordings.
  Music is just a full on expression of yourself as an artist.
  OK.
  So there is an even what I'm saying is that this is handicapped by this.
  The lack of rock and roll on the green planet.
  So we have to take all of that idea out of our head here and just judge this little E.
T.
 based on what he's doing and how we feel he's expressing himself because it's not a fair playing field here.
  Do you know what I'm saying.
  There's no even chance that he would have like oh you know this is a session musician.
  He's been on 10 different.
  The Astro Oregon is a piece that he had to buy or build or have commissioned.
  But that's an expensive piece.
  That's of like that you know that's true.
  A touring musician could afford this E.
T.
 this little Broto Asoji is just playing what's around.
  Yeah he's playing the plants.
  Right.
  He lives with.
  Right.
  And Sunny Eclipse like Sunny Eclipse is obviously from a place that is very similar to our world because he is playing three minute song.
  He is playing three ish minute songs.
  They have chorus verse what have you.
  But the E.
T.
 is just letting the music flow out of him.
  It's it's the most pure maybe music musician in this whole field.
  Wow.
  That's what I would say about him.
  I haven't decided yet.
  I'm just saying that we can't.
  That's so so emotional.
  It makes me want to vote.
  Yes kind of beautiful.
  Thank you.
  I'm just trying to I'm trying to give him credit because he's he's he's he's not on the same just a little a little guy on a planet who doesn't even know what he has to offer like kind of like a like a boy lifting up a broom with the special power.
  He doesn't even know the full weight of he's like a little broom boy.
  He's like a little broom boy.
  I completely agree.
  So when you're making your decision now I want you to think about that and think about that yes on eclipse is the shinier object in this and we recognize more of what he's doing because it's so close to our world.
  But really examine in your heart what this little E.
T.
 is he's hitting the glowing things.
  We think about how much he rocks in the context of his world of its world.
  I can't tell if now we all just say sunny clips after that emotion or if everyone has to make here's let's let's all write it down so we don't get influenced by each other.
  Let's all choose what we're going to choose.
  And I'm going to write it down on my thing here and we'll show each other and then we'll do it.
  We have to don't want to say it out loud for the audio.
  I guess we will say it out loud but now this will be proof that we actually we're not lying or trying to like go against the others.
  You know what I mean.
  I just want this to be fully fully fair.
  OK.
  OK.
  OK.
  So what we'll do is five four three two one and then we'll all say it.
  I don't know why I said five and not three.
  It's build up the suspense.
  OK.
  All right.
  Five five four three two one.
  You saw it.
  Did we get swayed.
  Wait what did you say.
  I said you're sunny.
  All right.
  And I'm fine with that.
  I think that's right.
  But yours you did influence that was so beautiful.
  Thank you.
  And I was just I've been pulling for him the whole time.
  The other way.
  Yeah.
  I said I hadn't decided.
  I said I was just trying to think about it.
  You got me.
  I think this is this this musician alone doesn't even know where to put the gifts that he has.
  Yeah.
  But maybe but maybe that was sunny once.
  Maybe maybe sunny was on a similar plan.
  We don't know how he grew up.
  Yeah.
  He might have had a really hard boiled life possible and he rose up to become a slightly paid attention to animatronic.
  Yes.
  Who is going to get screwed by cosmic ray like cosmic ray is going to shaft.
  Oh you're right.
  You're right.
  He has the trouble.
  The tips in the door.
  Well this is what I might have guessed.
  We were where I might have guessed that we'd land.
  And I like where we land for the final two the the the the top of the top which is Munch's Make Believe band versus sunny eclipse.
  I mean that's if you had to put money on it.
  I guess I thought five bear rugs would make it further and not lose immediately.
  Yeah.
  But oh god here.
  Well I don't know.
  Do you know.
  I don't know either.
  I think I know.
  Wow.
  Do you have another speech in you Michael to sway us.
  I think I do one speech per episode.
  Oh OK.
  So you're tapped out.
  I don't know if I have a speech in me.
  Yeah I don't know.
  It's band versus solo versus solo which you can't with some supporting.
  It's all acts that I've voted against.
  Yeah.
  And yet I'm but I still like that I have no I take no offense to either of these.
  I think these are these are some fine artists.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese the underdog in this case a big company but compared to the Walt Disney company the underdog.
  Uh huh.
  Well and look there these this band is getting removed everywhere.
  There's only one sunny.
  Yeah.
  And they thankfully there are so many more things the Disney has to deal with that they probably are just forgetting to get rid of.
  Yeah.
  Sunny eclipse as opposed to the active extermination of munches make believe band.
  This is a corporate priorities to get rid of them.
  But that's so more of an underdog.
  Absolutely.
  Yes.
  No I'm saying I think it's I think it's terrible what's happened to them.
  I think it's a real shame.
  I agree.
  I will say they're taking the munches.
  Their body of work both of the bodies of work.
  I mean sunny eclipse is it is all killer no filler.
  No I'm not talking about the name of that sum forty one album.
  I mean that is the phrase to say like the songs are all solid and good.
  They're of a piece and there's not really a clunker in there.
  There's ones we like better than others.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese has a sprawling.
  I guess it's kind of Beatles rolling Beatles has like 10 years of great stuff.
  Rolling Stones has like 10 15 years of great stuff.
  But then you get the later stuff and it's like.
  According to music critics their best stuff has been in the last five years.
  Is that true.
  Well it's just always like if you're an old if you're an old music critic you're like Stones better than ever.
  Well as they do they're boring like noodly album.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Bang.
  They've never been better than bigger bang.
  That is who said that.
  No one's critics do.
  I don't like it.
  But what does the on winner say about.
  Who do you think is publishing these ancient music.
  Yeah that's true.
  But yeah you would say it's sometimes it's sometimes it's interesting like the Quentin Tarantino idea to make just like 10 good movies or whatever.
  Like is that better.
  Would we rather have artists do 50 things and half of them are good or would you rather have the artists do you know a couple of things and they're perfect or they're amazing.
  Like that's I think a question.
  That's what I'm struggling with right now is I think I know but that's what I'm thinking about.
  Well you want a majority of that body of work to be about pizza and soda.
  That's certainly what you want either way.
  Yes.
  Or the presence of a toppings bar.
  Yes.
  You want it.
  They do both of these acts do sing about the food a little bit.
  Yeah.
  There's there are topping bars and play both here.
  That's kind of tragic.
  No toppings bar right now but Sonny does he talk about the toppings bar.
  Maybe not.
  I don't think he talks about the toppings bar.
  I don't think Chuck is like hey what's happens by.
  Cosmic rays.
  I like that there's a full universe fleshed out there unseen.
  There's the space angels there's the cosmic ray.
  We know his boss.
  We know his support system.
  Yeah.
  Support system.
  I really like that he's related to the customs agent from Star Tours in Japan.
  Yes.
  Officer Zizek.
  That it ties together a global mythology.
  But there's so much universe.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Of course.
  You didn't.
  You used to be able to travel a lot.
  You know ease of seeing them.
  I mean you got the special.
  It goes both ways.
  It's special.
  You can only see Sonny Klitz in one place.
  But back in the day used to probably only go a mile or two.
  You know to your local Chuck E.
 Cheese establishment.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  It's a special thing.
  Is like that's again.
  There's yeah.
  Do you can you consider it being special.
  Is that better.
  It's also inconvenient.
  Well it is inconvenient.
  That's true.
  Is you know Sonny refers to his we think that maybe cosmic rays and treating him the best.
  The business owner in this case is Chuck E.
 He's in the band.
  Right.
  I've watched bar rescues where the bar owner goes up and performs and John does not like  that.
  It's a special thing.
  What's the underground wonder bar.
  I don't know.
  That's the Chicago one with the owner and her son running it.
  And she does like new agey like just unlistening a bold new age kind of stuff.
  So it's terrible.
  And they they moved from somewhere to they had to get out of their old space and they  moved to somewhere where the rent is like five to ten times more.
  It was a bad decision.
  Every part of it was a bad decision.
  And then they moved to a place where they had to get out of their old space.
  He's looking at things all the time and talking about looks and everything that he's  looking for.
  And he drew Mas someday and he's like you know, this brings me back to theawful.
  The wife kind of sounds upset.
  Getting the audience to like buy put put people in especially the chezcha stuff in  Europe with all the Tim Hiddens shit suck shit.
  So that's why we spent a few hours doing that.
  Neither of these I guess they're wondered how these were handled by him.
  It's a sad story especially when we get letters coming out.
  And the owner of the band was a guy with private files who's found them and Target  his nasal ness and whininess.
  He's kind of a Donald Fagan.
  That's true.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese is Donald Fagan and I'm not going to argue against a Donald Fagan  type.
  Yeah.
  And look the band we haven't even we haven't you know, we've talked about him before but  Helen Helen is a great singer too.
  Helen Henny and she's you know, she's been slighted a lot in the various Chuck E.
 Cheese  media.
  Yeah.
  What does she say in that movie?  Yeah, I can't remember.
  But she's one of the guys.
  Oh yeah, she's just one of the guys.
  Yeah.
  And it's unfair to her but she's got a great voice.
  She's got a great presence.
  She's only gotten better.
  I think the newer Helens are superior.
  I agree.
  She's been fleshed out.
  So it's tricky because there's it's a sunny is that sunny is it's tough here because he's  just one alien and there's so many good performers.
  Is it does it maybe by going Chuck?  Does it nod to Chuck E.
 Cheese's ancestors as we all like, you know, we need our ancestors  for us to be here today and we have to honor them.
  Right.
  Isn't when they literally are made of the metal bones of other competitors in this competition.
  Do you honor the whole and Chuck E.
 Cheese who produced so many great artists that we've  discussed over the course of the last seven hours or whatever it's been.
  Do we honor all of their work by choosing Munch's Make Believe Band?  It's an interesting point.
  Yes, it's the history of rock and roll is honored.
  The history of fake rock and roll is honored when you choose Munch's Make Believe Band.
  Oh, and you know what?  And it's and look, sunny is firmly lounge and whereas Munch's Make Believe Band rocks.
  There's no argument against that.
  There is no argument against that's true.
  I mean, we all remember there obviously like walking on the sun in the 90s lounge.
  There was a lounge period.
  The song Tangerine Speedo.
  We all remember from the late 90s.
  Very loungy.
  Yeah, there was a short little lounge like when the British rock band like the Kinks  and stuff would do that like music hall that.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
  But Munch's Make Believe Band rocks.
  And is this not the fake rock music?  Final Four.
  Yeah.
  Maybe we've landed there.
  Yeah.
  You want to say it?  I think Munch's Make Believe Band.
  Munch's Make Believe Band.
  Munch's Make Believe Band and you.
  You've got it.
  Yay.
  You got it.
  We got it.
  We won the award or whatever this is.
  The competition.
  If there's a free meal, I'll be there.
  Make sure to clean my head out with Windex.
  Spray some Lysol in my empty head.
  Don't just do it once a year.
  Once a fiscal year.
  Do it once a month, please.
  You knew we'd beat that ugly alien mug.
  Yeah.
  We stomped him like a bug.
  We'll take care of him or any other competitors.
  Yeah, we're on delivery apps as two restaurants.
  What of it?  Yeah, that's not the end.
  We'll make it.
  We'll make it.
  We're doing it forever.
  It's part of the business model now.
  Oh, what have we done?  We've awarded this to it.
  That's what I was going to say is, look, I think Sonny is a good guy.
  Yeah.
  I think maybe is Chuck a little toxic?  Well, our favorite Chuck E.
 Cheese is the original one or the ones he was still kind  of like that.
  He was really surly.
  He was really shady.
  He was less shady when we were kids.
  The original version was really shady, which I do think is the best version.
  But yeah, now he's like kind of happy go lucky.
  And they've gotten rid of that.
  He's now a mouse.
  He's not a rat.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's shaken off the rat qualities.
  So I guess you have to take all of the Chucks in.
  And, you know, like, look, Chuck is just an unfortunate look.
  There's as with, you know, Mike Love is a kind of toxic presence in a band that I love,  but I still find a lot to enjoy about Mike Love.
  And I think Chuck is the Mike Love.
  He's the guy who doesn't play an instrument.
  He doesn't add to the musical blend in the way that favors hats.
  Yes, he's a big hat guy, probably balding underneath.
  Yeah, for sure.
  But it's really I think this is let's let's just Chuck's there.
  And that's but we know that like Mike Love, if he was here in person, he'd make a really  bizarre speech.
  Oh, yeah.
  He would he would be so mean to and Sonny Eclipse has always been too chicken shit to  get on stage with Munch's Make Believe Band.
  I challenge the fucking I challenge the four little shavers.
  Get up here.
  Any I'll whoop their ass.
  Yeah.
  Sorry.
  I've been on a pizza fast.
  I guess I'm a little nuts right now.
  Sonny plays to warm crowds in Orlando every day.
  Come to the mean streets of Wilmington, Delaware and try that shit.
  David Crosby tweets.
  I hate Chuck E.
  Cheese.
  But it's not like it's a shared victory.
  This is about Munch's Make Believe Band.
  We love Munch.
  Yeah, we do.
  Really is.
  I played Helen Henney.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And we've talked at length about them, but we will talk about at length more.
  I'm sure maybe soon.
  I don't know.
  But yeah, it's it's too much.
  There's too much good stuff going on.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  And if Muppet ripoff monster and an Italian chef and a dog and a bird and a toxic rat  can come together to create decades of great music, which is mostly being eliminated from Chuck E.
  Cheese locations, then isn't there hope for all of us?  I think so.
  That was beautiful.
  I think I think that's where it's where it needed to land.
  I'm happy with it, though.
  I voted against them.
  Congratulations Munch's Make Believe Band.
  You survived podcast the ride, the fake rock music final four.
  Hey, we talked about a lot of second gate stuff.
  And if you want to know what we're talking about with Sally and Sonny clips and all that, go to Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  Look up those episodes and otherwise keep it here where there's a lot.
  We'll talk about all this shit so much more.
  Yes.
  We will be back with more bullshit.
  We'll be back.
  We'll win.
  Think of a new contest we can win.
  Yeah.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
