 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains religious fudge, massive fraud, big buckets of apocalypse  food, and a trip to Heritage USA on today's Divine Podcast, The Ride.
  A most pious post-Easter to all of you.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, PTR, but today that stands for Praise The Ride.
  I'm Scott Gerner, Jason Sheridan, most pious day to you.
  I was walking up to your house and I thought about the PTL and I was like, oh, that's fine.
  It's almost, hey, praise the ride.
  It's pretty close.
  Yeah, actually credit to Erin for that.
  She was noting that.
  PTR, PTL is the organization, Praise The Lord, and we're talking about them today.
  First, Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Yeah, but Praise The Ride is good.
  I feel like, you know, we had, we just did a couple of live shows that were really great,  really fun to do.
  The audience, very exuberant, but I feel like there should be, we should actually start  live shows now in a somber way and everyone should say sort of praise the ride.
  Like we should all be quiet and connect on a deeper level and chant praise the ride.
  Well, there's certain people who might enjoy some being more somber about things and respecting  these things and praising them a little more.
  Right.
  There's a phrase that I don't know if you guys have caught this.
  This was just big in my Twitter feed last night as we record this, which was, might  not be relevant now, but I guess always there's this type of person and that is Epcot purists.
  Oh yeah.
  There's a lot of discussion about being an Epcot.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's been around a little bit, but I think it was especially around with some new announcements  about the guardians cosmic rewind.
  At this point, I just don't want to look at construction equipment and walls anymore.
  I'll just take anything at this point.
  Anything real and fun.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You're like an Epcot fundamentalist, I guess, if you believe that it should, it should just  be learning, I guess.
  Yeah.
  Siemens needs to come back.
  Raytheon needs to return.
  Yeah.
  So that's interesting.
  There's different sects of, I guess, Epcot purists, certain people probably that think  at the nineties were good.
  It's interesting.
  We should really make, we should figure out how to categorize.
  And like map it on some religion.
  Yeah.
  What are those cube charts, the square charts, like the authoritarian, the libertarian.
  Oh yeah.
  That are never correct.
  That are never accurate.
  What's the sample opinion within that?  And where do we fall?  Because I feel like we're, maybe we're the, we're the extremist left in a way by even  on some people's spectrum by even liking anything new they ever do.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  So there's, yeah, Epcot fundamentalists who want it to be basically just this original.
  And then there's us, although I don't know, are we so radical?  I mean, we'd like, we'd like old stuff.
  We certainly love the old bullshit, but I think we're not as upset as maybe people would  want us to be that any of it has ever.
  It doesn't keep me up at night that horizons is gone.
  Yeah.
  But of course, but would I, if I, if there was a time machine, it's the first place I  would go.
  You gotta give me points for that.
  I think.
  We were also of the age where it's like, ah, charmed by like rows and rows of free Genesis  games.
  Maybe we don't have it home.
  You know, an arcade, but free?  Excellent.
  They never should have changed though.
  They never should have changed a single game.
  Shouldn't have updated.
  Retro video games very popular right now.
  Yeah, that's a place I suppose.
  There is a mall by my dad that lost a number of its anchor stores.
  Anchor stores, what they call the big department stores, but does have a new massive arcade  and a retro video game store.
  So I think they're giving away leases.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Anything that feels confident enough, they can fill the space.
  Yeah.
  It's good.
  It's good for the round, round one, the brand that we like.
  It is a good time for dumb, for arcades and trampolines and rock climbing walls.
  Yeah.
  At least they all have somewhere to go.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Inflatable, inflatables.
  And I guess all those are rides.
  So I would praise all of them.
  Praise the rides.
  We praise, yes, all of these.
  Which is an ironic phrase to use today because today's topic is a little short on rides for  a place that a lot of the retrospectives sure do refer to it as a theme park.
  Yeah.
  And that had my head scratching a little.
  I know.
  Well, it's what its designation is that definitely led me to say we should do an episode about  it.
  But yeah, once you start digging in, I was like, oh yeah, they didn't really have any.
  It's more of a resort destination.
  It almost feels like more of the other stuff that Disney World was besides Magic Kingdom.
  Yeah, the vacation kingdom.
  All the extra vacation kingdom stuff.
  Yeah.
  Plus prayer.
  Plus the arc encounter.
  Plus a little of.
.
.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So a little bit of that sort of thing.
  And today's topic, by the way, is Heritage USA, which was the, well, we're questioning  theme park.
  It was definitely a themed experience, a resort that was set up by Jim and Tammy Faye Baker  in the 78, I believe, ran for a decade or so that was a major religious theme destination.
  South Carolina, kind of at the border of North Carolina and South Carolina.
  Before we get into that, really quick, I wanted to bring up a couple other things within this  realm of.
.
.
  Because yeah, we try to do this.
  Of course, I like to have these episodes out on Good Friday, which I was taught is supposed  to be a day where you sit and are sad.
  I'm trying to bring that energy to the podcast and discuss these Christian theme parks.
  And that's what we've done for the last three years.
  We have kind of a trilogy on our hands.
  But I feel like.
.
.
  I was wondering if this is maybe the end of this series, if that does close out a trilogy,  because there's not a lot of these left.
  Here's a big defunct one we're talking about.
  We've talked about a few others that did not set the world on fire.
  I feel like Christian, in religious in general, themed experience, theme parks, it's not a  great line of work.
  None of these have been blockbuster runaway successes, I would say.
  No.
  I keep bringing this up recently because I enjoyed it so much, but season two of Righteous  Gemstones, the park, their theme park, which is an actual traditional amusement park in  the world of the show, does play a pretty big role in this season, in some of the storylines  in the season.
  But that is an actual theme park, amusement park, far away from.
.
.
  In South Carolina, right?  In South Carolina is where they shoot it, I believe.
  I think so.
  I forget the name of it.
  Yeah.
  But in the world of the show, that's an actual amusement park, unlike the trilogy, which  are significantly, mostly passion plays.
  Yeah, I think passion plays at all of them.
  Fudge, chops.
  Definitely at this.
  Yes, fudge has come up before.
  Weird.
  I guess that's the format.
  You watch a man bleed out on the cross, and then you eat a bunch of fudge.
  What a strange combo that some people are into, but not everybody, not enough to make  them work.
  I just got curious with the ones that we've talked about before, what's going on?  Where are they at now?  I think there's situations change a lot.
  COVID has not been super kind to some of these places.
  Do you guys know what's up with the first one of these we covered, the Holy Land experience?  Oh, I didn't.
  I didn't look.
  I didn't look.
  I know it was a little iffy financially and owner-wise.
  I think it was getting iffy already.
  COVID really did it in.
  As a poet, Universal Studios, if you can imagine, made it through.
  This other Orlando situation did not.
  But I was so baffled by what it is becoming.
  It has been fully sold, not owned by Trinity, which I think owned it before, and now it  has been bought by a company called Advent Health, which is a faith-based healthcare  system.
  Whatever that means.
  Yeah, they're pretty big.
  And they are turning the facilities into a hospital.
  That's what that's going to be now.
  Isn't that weird?  From the outside, it's a gold-plated coliseum.
  It looks like the big Hard Rock concert venue at City Walk in Orlando, and yet it's going  to somehow become a hospital.
  Yes.
  Pretty funny.
  Ironically, urgent care as doctors' offices are another thing filling malls and unused  massive spaces across the country.
  Great.
  It's a beautiful world.
  Kind of timely.
  Yeah.
  Will they just use the existing facility, or is it just they're using the land?  It doesn't specify?  I don't know the layout of the campus exactly, but I think a big building, which I'd have  to imagine is the coliseum type thing, will become a bunch of emergency rooms, basically.
  But I read an article saying specifically that they are going to deconstruct the recreation  of Jerusalem.
  So Jerusalem is being torn down as we speak.
  I guess the not deemed medically necessary for this new medical campus.
  Really weird.
  There should be themed hospitals, though, right?  That would be fun, at least, to have some theming going on.
  Some children's hospitals have pretty elaborate designs, some stuff.
  That's true.
  I think at the Anaheim Children's Hospital, there's a turtle talk with Crush.
  Oh, is that right?  Yeah.
  Oh, that's crazy.
  That's nice.
  Wow.
  That's really neat.
  Yeah.
  So I mean, they should keep some of the stuff around for this hospital, is what I'm saying.
  But who knows?  It doesn't seem like they.
.
.
  The vibe you're giving me, I think, is no.
  I feel like no.
  But yeah, why not?  Why not take a little trip into the.
.
.
  It would make you appreciate the medical care that you're going inside to get if you could  walk through an area that showed you what it was like before there were MRIs and all  these machines that we have.
  Where the only way to be cured was to be crucified, die, and be risen from the dead several days  later.
  Old school medicine, they call it.
  That cure does not work for almost anyone.
  Children's Hospital of Orange County, yes, has its own turtle talk with Crush.
  That's really neat.
  Oh, and weird.
  Just in the interest of.
.
.
  Because we always want rides and attractions to be freestanding all over the place.
  That one's pretty cool, and I bet very helpful for spirits and stuff.
  Other things, Arc Encounter is still going, and a couple new innovations at the Arc Encounter.
  We talked about that last year.
  They are now charging locals for parking, so that's good innovation.
  And they are gathering the funds.
  They are asking, of course, regular people for the funds.
  Even though they make millions a year, it is regular people who need to fund their new  endeavor, which is a Tower of Babel attraction.
  They've been talking about the Tower of Babel for so long.
  They've been trying to get that off the ground.
  That is like the.
.
.
  At Soos Land, again, Islands of Adventure, that thing that the circus ma-gurk.
.
.
  Or the trolley in the sky, where it's just like it was going around with no one in it  for years, and everyone's like, when is that going to open?  Yes, but the only difference being that no one is asking that.
  About the Tower of Babel.
  Except me.
  Except for you and Ken Ham himself.
  When's the Tower going to be done?  If you didn't hear that last year, I think the least charismatic man in themed entertainment  we've ever come across, and one of the most unpleasant places we've ever come across.
  And this will.
.
.
  If you weren't excited, Jason, already for the Tower of Babel, just know this literal  quote about what they're going to do.
  It's so important to build it because this is their way to tackle the racism issue.
  Oh, no.
  No.
  Oh.
  Oh, yeah, I'm sure that's going to be.
.
.
  What does that mean?  I don't even know what it looks like.
  I.
.
.
  Yes, I don't want to know.
  I don't want to know their definition of tackling.
  Yeah.
  I was thinking about this too, and I don't want to get too.
.
.
  I mean, everybody I know is waiting to hear about heritage, so they don't want us to delay  any further.
  Any more time than we need to.
  Just thinking of the Bible and everything, and Christianity as IP.
  Thinking of it as the Marvel Universe or something.
  It is.
  It is.
  As characters.
  We grew up with them.
  Yeah.
  Our religion is Epcot, and some people's religion is Christianity.
  But it's like no one has done, I feel like, the big e-ticket level Christian rides.
  There's still the problem, I think, of what you're saying.
  None of this stuff is flourishing.
  A lot of it's closing or closed.
  Nobody has gotten ambitious and actually put the fun in to the Christianity, because they  want it to be lessons learned.
  Fundamentalist.
  Exactly.
  The Ark.
  There's rooms on the Ark, Connor, which we talked about last year, where it's like, come  in here for the cute animals that were on the Ark.
  No, they weren't cute.
  They were real animals.
  There was no fun.
  There's no Disney animals in here.
  You're like, well, hold on a second.
  If you're a kid, you're out.
  Your brain is out.
  You know?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Which, oddly, I think today's topic, heritage, was less aggro on that front.
  I think they were more okay with the idea that any children could have any modicum of  fun.
  Right.
  They were more on the money, and the other ones have gotten it worse and worse as time  has gone on.
  Let me say this really quick, though, because I have one more thing.
  Because I was like, are there any left?  Is there anything we can talk about next year?  And I don't know if this would be the fuel for a full episode, but I was very interested  to learn about it.
  In the town of Carthage, Missouri.
  I don't think we've ever talked about anything in Missouri.
  Oh, already that name is giving you a little nod on what direction this is going in.
  Well, though, you know what?  Of all the.
.
.
  I find this to be one of the least hateful things in this realm, and one of the cuter  things in this realm.
  It is a place that opened in 1989, and it is called the Precious Moments Chapel.
  Whoa, interesting.
  Do you guys know offhand.
.
.
  It's one of those you've got to think about for a second, but do you have any picture  in your mind when I say Precious Moments?  Yeah, I absolutely do.
  Little statues.
  The figurines.
  The figurines, yeah.
  Okay, yeah.
  The little doe-eyed children.
  Is this an official branded Precious Moments?  That is correct.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  The little figurines, which I feel like are those at Hallmark.
  I've never even thought of it as a religious brand inherently.
  I don't know much about it.
  It's just, you know, you see them on grandma's shelf or whatever on a Christmas tree sometimes.
  But look at this.
  Here's a photo.
  It's all far away from you guys, but this is this pastel colored.
.
.
  Very 89.
  It's very bright, an indoor sky, and a big, huge Precious Moments little girl kissing  a goose on the lips.
  Wow.
  It's really weird.
  It opened in 89, which I think is the same year or around the same year as Sanrio Puroland.
  And the whole place has a Sanrio Puroland vibe in that it's indoor.
  It's like a similar level of it's devoted to cute characters, but it's like if Hello  Kitty and Kuro-P and everybody were praying.
  And on stained glass recreating Jesus stories and Noah's stories.
  It's really weird.
  This is awesome.
  Yeah.
  And we've never been sent this because I would remember.
  No, not even one comment as far as I would know.
  Yeah, because it would have registered with us.
  We've gotten a number of mentions of the Cabbage Patch Hatchery.
  The Cabbage Patch Dolls.
  Oh yes, which I really want to do.
  Baby Beavieland General.
  And Yankee Candle Village I know a little about.
  This kind of, yes, folksy weird things like this we know about.
  But this is I've never come across this.
  The Precious Moments Chapel.
  Not inherently a religious brand Precious Moments, but the guy was very religious and  like lived very plain and then made so much money off of Precious Moments that he just  bought a big plot of land and was like, this will be my legacy as a place where people  can come pray.
  But also there's cute stuff to take pictures of.
  It's not like, it doesn't seem inherently evil to me.
  I don't know.
  Although that might be counteracted by this photo where there's two real children walking  with two giant Precious Moments children and one of them is a child clown.
  And I'm no fan of that as you can imagine.
  That's scary to me.
  So get the child clowns out of that.
  That's like, that's worse than Satan to me as a child clown.
  Is this still in operation?  It is, yeah.
  Because I know Yankee Hill Village is and I think the Cabbage Patch one is as well.
  Oh yeah, I think that's still, I think that's a perennial.
  No, I think it's pretty popular.
  It's the first one of these I've ever been tempted to go to.
  I don't know when I'm going to be in Missouri exactly, but I don't know.
  I like that it's such a specific, it feels akin to, maybe you guys would have other things  in your head of brands that are like this, but like Love Is.
  I was going to say Love Is.
  If there was a Love Is temple somewhere, a weird, just that there's anything devoted  to, you don't even think of them as characters or a specific world.
  It's not exactly peanuts.
  It's really strange.
  No, but I haven't dug into Precious Moment.
  Like I just did a quick search of Precious Moments and you can still buy Precious Moments.
  And there are a lot of IP Precious, there's Batman, there's Julie Newmar, Catwoman Precious  Moment kissing Adam West.
  They're both like kids.
  Whoa!  Which is, it's not that far off from Funko Pops.
  No!  They're actually very similar with their big eyes and their bigger heads, but they are  short otherwise.
  It's very Funko, but so of course these things should be thriving.
  Yeah, Precious Moments Disney Dreamer Boy, which is a little kid.
  Here's the second thing I don't care much for.
  Sorry, it's just a mirror.
  Am I looking at a mirror?  I'm showing Jason a picture of a little, no Jason, this is a ceramic figurine of a child  with mousiers and a little Mickey plush.
  What's that podcast you listen to about, oh, it's fun.
  It's these three guys, it's these three Disney Dreamer boys.
  But isn't that weird that there's a place that you can go in Missouri, like just in  Pure Bible Belt where you can see these characters portraying Moses or whatever, but then you  can also see them as Catwoman and Batman.
  It's so strange that it can be, very few brands can be all of this at once.
  Yeah, I mean, look, you've teed up a really good episode for next year.
  Yeah, maybe we do got them and we're gonna go.
  There are some really creepy Precious Moments ones I'm looking up here, and just to dig  into the history of the figurines themselves would be probably interesting.
  My mom has a few, there's this guy Jim Shore and he has crafts like ceramics like this.
  I think he started very folksy, but then started getting some licenses.
  There is Mickey and Minnie and Donald and Goofy and you'll see these a lot of souvenir  shop, like a nice souvenir shop.
  What does Jim Shore look like?  What is his trademark?  It's kind of like, I don't know how to describe it.
  It's ceramic, but it's sort of like, almost looks like patchwork.
  Huh, okay.
  I found a child clown, porcelain figurine, Scott.
  This is the biggest thing fighting me of wanting to do a full Precious Moments.
  Child clown.
  The hyperponderance of clowns.
  But there's one other, and I hate to take this off the table for if we do a full Precious  Moments episode, but I watched a really weird, like almost an hour long, a VHS video tour  of the Precious Moments chapel.
  It takes you through every wall and every painting on every wall and tells you what  everything means, which is very unsettling because they're showing you lots of Precious  Moments children who are all based on actual children who passed away.
  Oh no.
  That's very unpleasant.
  But in the middle of all of that, it's a run of here's a bunch of actual kids being portrayed  And then in the middle of them in a field, in a fictional heaven, is this.
  Scott, the little mischievous bear has just slid down a rainbow and is mixing the colors  in God's paint pot.
  Yeah, here's a little like a big eyed bear, Scott mixing God's paint pot.
  God's paint pot.
  That's why your hands are stained with so many different colors of God's kingdom.
  I can't keep my hands off out of God's paint pot.
  I mean, I don't, you know, I don't hate this as far as fictional Scots go.
  This ain't bad.
  No, he's good.
  If you have to associate me with one, you know, get Scott Evil, Dr.
 Evil's son out  of your head and think of the best Scott, God's little deputy bear, Scott, and God's  paint pot.
  I think, yeah, I think people, if look, I don't, we haven't called for fan art in a  while, but if you want to draw Scott as a bear with his paws and God's paint pot, I  wouldn't be upset is all I'm saying.
  This is neither would I.
  This is finally something that I'm OK with.
  No, no baby clown.
  Scott is not paying.
  Scott is bear.
  Yeah, Scott is bear at Gmail.
  There we go.
  Oh, that's now I like that one on the second gate this week that we did with Jane about  the Margaritaville Resort in Times Square.
  You mentioned phrases that get stuck in your heads.
  Oh, sure.
  From the show.
  And I think God's paint pot is now permanently thumbed at God.
  God's paint pot.
  Scott's God's paint.
  God's paint.
  Yeah, it's kind of instantly iconic.
  Well, yeah, thanks to that video tour.
  I'm just so delighted that there's a religious oriented thing that I don't despise.
  Now let's go to one that will determine the amount that we despise it.
  My guess is pretty high, or at least the people behind it.
  And that is Jim Baker's Heritage USA.
  Yeah, I'll say something positive first.
  We were watching the Oscars and Jessica Chastain won.
  And she was talking about how much, you know, she won for the eyes of Tammy Faye.
  She played Tammy Faye Baker and she talked about how much Tammy Faye Baker cared about  people.
  And I leaned over to you and I was like, weren't these people con men?  And I didn't know a lot.
  All I really knew of Jim and Tammy Faye when I was a kid was the crying SNL sketches.
  Yes, yeah.
  That very memorable church chat.
  Bill Hartman is Jim Baker and Jan Hooks is Tammy Faye Baker and with the insane makeup,  which you assume.
  I saw an interview with Jessica Chastain saying the same thing.
  She saw that sketch and thought these people cannot be real.
  This must be greatly exaggerated because it's a sketch show and kind of not at all.
  These were pure sketch characters in real life.
  Yeah, and I did watch the movie.
  I like the movie.
  I mean, it's a biopic.
  If you like bio, if you can.
  I'm not high on biopics in general, but I thought it was pretty solid and I thought she  was good in it.
  And Tammy Faye Baker did do.
  I mean, she showed a lot of compassion to like eat patients back when like no one was  doing that.
  So to have a televangelist do that, it did seem like she did do some good things.
  Jim Baker is a, I'm going to steal a wrestling phrase, he's a scumbag, carny piece of shit.
  Yes.
  Yeah, big time.
  I guess still around.
  Still around and off the deep end.
  Extremely.
  Yeah.
  Oh my God.
  So these people had their peak in the in the 70s and 80s.
  The context that I caught is that they, I heard what they did is being described as  a religious tonight show.
  Like that was the format of their show, Praise the Lord.
  They, as opposed to televangelism is just a preacher talking and yelling at you on TV  for an hour.
  There is, was a little show with songs and a couch and guests.
  Like Huckabee or something.
  Like your favorite show.
  Started the proudest tradition.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Finest entertain, the finest comedy.
  And so it would like, it was just, they, they worked on television so well and got explosively  popular and sort of peaked then and it all fell apart amidst scandal.
  But Jim Baker has held on.
  He like a big exile, I mean, literal exile, imprisoned for four years due to activities  that we'll discuss in this episode related to the theme park.
  But he, see, I guess he, I don't know, he laid low, but he clawed his way out and kept  going.
  Because I was so shocked to learn a couple of years ago that he was still going.
  And I'm sure it was the same for you that it came out of these bizarre bucket.
  The food bucket.
  Because so to, to real quick, Jim Baker, when he was in prison disown the prosperity gospel  that he used to preach, which is tied to the church, give us your money and God will repay  you in kind.
  Right.
  God wants you to be rich.
  I am very rich.
  Which is what the arc, excuse me, the Holy Land was preaching as well.
  Oh, right.
  Right.
  Oh, and that was sort of their bent also.
  And it was like the idea that Tammy Faye would be so glam and have all this makeup was revolutionary  because there was a, there was a, it would have been a time in Christianity where like  putting on a little bit of eyeliner would have been way too much.
  That's God, God dates that.
  Yeah.
  And so he disowned that in prison and then he switched to a different line of preaching.
  The end is nigh.
  The apocalypse.
  And that is why he's selling survival buckets.
  And during the start of COVID, a collodial, I believe you say a collodial silver solution  that he claimed would cure most diseases, including COVID-19.
  If you Google collodial silver, this is a longtime snake oil kind of thing.
  And if you take too much of it, it will turn your skin blue.
  Are there people?  Are there super blue people out there?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Hello.
  Is this, didn't Alex Jones sell this too?  I, a lot of people have sold it.
  Didn't Quentin of the Peltro sell this too?  She should have rebranded it.
  So he got, he got in trouble in states.
  His new apocalypse ministry, I think it couldn't take credit cards for a while.
  Like, oh yeah, he got cut off from his credit card.
  And every time something would happen, a shooting or a catastrophe, a train derailment, he'd  blame it on sinners, Barack Obama.
  He would say he predicted it.
  He said he predicted 9-11 in 1990.
  He saw it in 1999.
  Like he's, he was off the rail.
  Like he's so bad shit.
  He the things, the downfall of the PTL and heritage USA, which happened, it all kind  of played out in 1987.
  He recently was on his show attributing everything that happens to cancel culture.
  Okay, here we go.
  In 87, cancel culture.
  Here we go.
  Reverse predicted cancel culture.
  Yeah, boy, he's, he's horrible.
  Those, yeah, I tried to get a little reeducated about the buckets.
  So he doesn't sell because he, it would be illegal for him to actually sell these.
  But what you do is you give him a gift.
  You give him a love gift.
  And then if that love gift happens to correspond with whatever amount of money he's designated  these buckets are, then you get a bucket.
  And that could be a bucket that costs $150.
  some supply, a little bit of supply of like vegetable soup or like what looks like nacho  cheese goo.
  They're so insane.
  If you've never watched these or the amazing Vic burger remixes of them, uh, just some  of the most bizarre pieces of footage you've ever seen.
  As he digs, he opens up these buckets and digs through them with a shovel.
  It's a little, that's how big they are that you don't use a spoon.
  It's a big old shovel.
  It's a paint bucket filled with like MREs with like dehydrated big PVC material bucket.
  It's not even like a small paint bucket.
  It's a big white kind of lows, blue bucket.
  The whole people, it is a big bucket.
  It is a big bucket.
  Also God's paint pot.
  And I'd like to add love gift to the new podcast, the right phrase.
  I, I don't like love gift.
  No, I, I, I, yeah, it's upsetting.
  It's for sure.
  So it's a phrase.
  It works, but it is not dissimilar in practice to like an NPR pledge.
  I think it's also not dissimilar to like code word words that like, uh, sex workers have  used of like, give 50 kiss it.
  Like this is a gift I'm giving you.
  Like I'm not paying you for your service.
  I'm giving a gift.
  How expensive is this love gift?  It's a love gift.
  So you are giving, uh, yeah, Jim Baker, a loved gift for a bucket of powder.
  Big bucket of goo.
  But then you have to fill up with water.
  And there's been a couple articles, a couple of places, I think NPR and vice, and I'm sure  a myriad of other places have tried, like, let's make the buckets.
  Let's, let's see what the buckets are like.
  And I think they instruct you kind of poorly on the amount of water to put in there.
  And if you were, if it was the apocalypse, then water might be an issue anyway.
  So does the, if adding water is correct, is required and then they don't tell you the  right amount.
  It's not, I mean, everybody said this.
  This is the worst food I've ever considered the worst thing that's ever been in my body.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I, I, with the boy scouts and we would go backpacking sometimes you'd have a little  envelope of like usually beef stroganoff.
  I mean, most it's like chicken, chicken tetra Zini or beef stroganoff.
  It's a little vacuum sealed envelope and you pour like one cup of boiling water in it.
  And it's not, it's pretty good because you're in the middle of the woods and there's nothing  else to do and it's full of salt.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And the listener feels like sending an envelope full of beef stroganoff to Jason, which I'm  sure he would consider a love gift.
  An envelope, a regular letter sized envelope full of beef stroganoff as a love gift.
  I also liked the breakdown that, you know, there's all right, there's the $150 and that's  a good amount of food, but it's, it doesn't match the peace of mind final countdown offer  with 31,000 servings of food for $4,500.
  The final countdown.
  He's also, every time he does a prediction or something, he's wrong.
  He's like the 2012 like the Mayan prophecy.
  It's like, no, that didn't happen.
  Yeah.
  And if he's able to predict these things and why didn't he predict that like his little,  his new heritage, USA's new little scam town, which is in Missouri, which is very two hours  away from the precious moments chapel.
  Yeah.
  They like a little bit of COVID happening and just everybody's fired.
  Everybody's like this community collapsed as soon as COVID hit.
  So mate, why weren't you a little more on the ball with that dude?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  Jim Baker, questionable, but he did.
  Now look, it fell apart quickly, but there was a 10 year, an almost 10 year, no, I guess  this is open for 11 years to some extent built up very slowly, but he undeniably at a point  in time, this property was very successful.
  He did sort of set out to be a Christian Walt Disney and for a time for a very brief time,  very brief time.
  Yes.
  A number of news sites said during a short window of time, it was the third most popular  park after Disney world and Disneyland.
  Insane.
  How can that be?  And again, again, what you said at the beginning that you, is it really a theme park?  Is that even a fair to put these next to each other?  But I guess the fact is tons of it.
  More people went to that.
  I believe a Knott's Berry farm was bringing up the rear and they're number four in that  list.
  Knott's the, we love Knott's Berry farm.
  I'm sure in 86, Kingdom of the dinosaurs was on there.
  Berry tales and all these things.
  They had, they had great stuff going on then they were getting beaten by, by what?  By the fudge shop?  Yeah.
  By a water park going on for a year.
  Jason would convert to a very strict sect of Christianity if the fudge was good.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I was a little dismayed.
  I had this place, they're like, try the pizza at granny's kitchen.
  I'm like that pizza, no way, no way that pizza is good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Probably not.
  Probably cranked out.
  Uh, granny's probably as white bread of a granny as you can be.
  Not using the seasoning.
  Her secret ingredient is salt.
  That is the one seasoning she has access to.
  Baby black pepper.
  But you know, Scott, because you mentioned Knott's Berry farm, uh, in the eyes of Tammy  Faye, there is a Knott's Berry farm reference.
  Whoa.
  When Jim Baker is trying to convince, uh, the builder, like maybe you can just loan  us some of the, you know, start the work on credit or loan us some money.
  Like, you know, that sort of thing.
  The builder goes, he talks about like, uh, not Barry.
  He used to love not Barry farm, but then quote every year the jellies got less fresh and  it's because they hired the wrong kinds of people to make the preserves.
  And that is, I, I, whether it's a line concocted for the movie or just the general vibe of  the time, it's like, that is such a perfect, weird sentence.
  Cause it's like, that is probably hateful in like six different ways, but it's unclear  how, like, it's a riddle.
  It's a riddle that like this guy was mad at the Christian builder who started to work  on heritage USA, which now I'm not sure who that is.
  Who's being portrayed in the movie, but the guy who physically built this camper, all  the big things on the campus was Ro Messner, who later after it all unfolded married Tammy  Faye and she, she passed away as Tammy Faye Messner.
  Yeah.
  So the guy who, because he was a mega church builder, like a ton of the mega churches across  this country were this guy.
  And then he, this was kind of his biggest project ever.
  And then he also was the guy who put up the hush funds to keep Jessica Hahn quiet.
  Oh God.
  Scandal part one, not the one he went to jail for, but the thing that made everybody like,  well, let's look at those books, shall we?  And then the rest of it unfold.
  I guess that's sort of what of the trilogy of the Christian amusements.
  One thing that sets this apart from the previous two is those previous two were just doing  a lot of like, yeah, tax breaks, telethons kind of things.
  Heritage USA was a massive financial fraud, like a massive scam.
  Well, but well, was all of it though, or just, I mean, I guess it's in its like tax exempt  status.
  Sure.
  But then really it was that tower.
  The tower was like a big literal that he did go to jail for.
  I think the way he was allocating ministry funds to get this built was a scam.
  They also had a deal where it's like pay us a thousands of dollars, $1,000.
  And then for ever, you'll be able to make a four night annual trip to Heritage USA.
  And much like Bugsy Sequel sold too many shares in the Flamingo Casino that it didn't add  up to a hundred percent, they sold too many.
  They sold too many of those thousand dollars.
  Incredible amount.
  Too many.
  Wow.
  So he thinks he's Christian Disney, but he's Christian Bugsy.
  Yes, he is Christian Bugsy.
  That's the third iconic new phrase.
  Christian Bugsy.
  By Guest of Rides.
  Yeah, Christian Bugsy.
  And kind of Lord.
  Oh Lord.
  And kind of in a similar way, like the other gangsters looked down on Bugsy.
  The other mega church, like Holy Roller, like insane preachers looked down on Baker for  sure.
  Yeah, he's kind of became enemies with all of them.
  They were, well, that was, yeah, here's a quote.
  I think this is from Jimmy Swagger.
  Yeah, it is.
  The idea that this was happening, that we are going to have a church campus, but that  also has themed entertainment and waterpark and all this stuff.
  Jimmy Swagger said, I don't think the church ought to be involved in making hamburgers  or building water slides or having pony rides.
  Man needs salvation.
  He doesn't need a ride down the water slide.
  Oh, well, I disagree with that.
  First of all.
  Jimmy.
  But yes, I get that they were like, well, this is too much.
  You know what?  This guy's going too far.
  I guess so.
  But then, but his whole the thought here and to what you were saying, Mike, earlier, this  is what I'm saying, that he did and he spoke about this, how, you know, kids, children  don't want to come and sit around like revival meetings.
  They're going to be bored.
  So maybe the best way to get kids into this stuff is to have them come to just a regular  family fun place where their parents are doing religious things, but they can go run around  the water park or take the shitty train or whatever it is.
  See one ride.
  The single really unremarkable looking train ride.
  And that maybe that will, you know, they'll have fun.
  But you know, while they're here, they'll learn some stuff.
  He was more right in a way than, you know, Ken Ham, obviously, who built the least fun  sounding right or heard of.
  Well, because, I mean, people have tried to like when a kid's got Spider-Man, it's going  to be hard to compete with that.
  So I don't know actually who created Bible, man.
  But that was the obviously that was the idea there.
  You know what?  Well, kids like Spider-Man, let's make our own great superhero.
  Willie Ames, was it?  Did William create Bible, man?  He's not sure about that.
  He is Bible, man.
  I think he might have.
  I think this might be.
  I didn't know that actually.
  Again, this is this has been.
  Oh, that's the maybe that's next year.
  Maybe that is Bible, man.
  We've been teasing about it forever.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, I mean, we will learn by then if Willie Ames, when are they going to have to wait  a whole year to find out if Billy Ames was the creator of Bible, man?  It also just do a Bible.
  We could just do it this month also.
  Yeah, sure.
  Anytime.
  We'll see how high the demand is.
  We'll do it for the Pentecost holiday.
  It has to coincide with the holiday.
  Well, so basics about that, let's talk about what you could do if you came here, as we  said, Shady Train, what are we in before the water?  Because the water park showed up way later.
  So for that first eight or so years, did anything strike anyone's fancy about like,  well, this sounds good.
  Well, yeah, I found, thankfully, I found like a key.
  I found a keystone for this because I was like, what was here?  This isn't super well documented, the actual activities.
  And on eBay, there is a brochure for sale.
  Oh, interesting.
  And so you can get the basic elevator pitch of this place.
  The things that stuck out to me, there was a sentence that said, the healthy activity  of walking is highly encouraged.
  They had walking.
  Add a walking.
  That's an attraction.
  All right.
  E-ticket walking ride.
  The other thing was, you know, it's fully immersive experience.
  They picked up the childhood home of Billy Graham and restored it on this property.
  So it's like Mickey's house.
  It's like Mickey's house.
  Yeah.
  But for Billy Graham, who I believe has come up on the show before, famously told Nixon,  bomb the dykes in North Korea, flood the country, which the estimated would have killed one  million people.
  That's like his I use the den.
  Yeah.
  When I need to make a telephone call, I call Nixon and say, bomb the dykes.
  If the Paris peace talks fall apart, bomb the dykes, Kissinger.
  Same exact thing.
  Kids were just as delighted to go walk through his house.
  Gee, that one survived too.
  That got moved elsewhere.
  This childhood home getting tossed across the country.
  And Billy Graham, I think, later on, at least, because I had family members who would like  watch Billy Graham or have pamphlets around and stuff.
  I think he did soften or at least didn't lead with the everyone's a sinner like Jerry Falwell.
  Like when I was in high school, I hated Jerry Falwell, like just any time there was a cool  movie or there was cool thing that all the news would talk about would be Jerry Falwell  complaining about.
  Like, I'm like, who is this asshole?  Yeah, he really did.
  He really spiked when we were younger because of the Teletubbies scandal.
  Right.
  Oh, the Teletubbies.
  He was mad at Tinky Winky.
  Tinky Winky is gay because he is purple, the gayest color, I guess.
  And he has a triangle, the gayest shape.
  What he was building this case on.
  Yeah, was that all it was?  I'm trying to remember.
  Was that all it was?  And he carried a purse.
  Oh, that's what it was?  He had a purse.
  The main thing, I guess.
  He had a bag.
  You can call it a bag.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Falwell, you can draw a straight line from Jerry Falwell to like the freaks nowadays,  just calling any entertainment, any public school teacher a pedophile.
  Like it's just like you're out of your fucking minds.
  You don't live in shared reality.
  The rest of us live in your scumbags.
  He's horrible.
  You can also draw a straight line from Jerry Falwell to Jerry Falwell Jr.
  There we go.
  Who's surrounded.
  Wait, was he in a scandal?  He's not at Liberty University?  No, he is not at Liberty University anymore due to the three way affair slash business  endeavor they had.
  Him and his wife with a pool boy from the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami.
  They went into like, they gave him a hostel.
  They like all went in a hostel together.
  And then they claimed he was trying to blackmail them and he claimed it was a consensual related.
  It's very fishy.
  Also, there was a lot of pictures of him being like horny on a yacht in the middle of COVID.
  Like, Jesus.
  Yeah.
  Well, he the other the straight line I could draw then from him is to this was the subject  of research for an episode a few a month or so ago, which is to from Jerry Falwell Jr.
  to Joe Piscopo because Joe Piscopo went and did a talk like a Q&A with Jerry Falwell Jr.
  at Liberty University.
  Oh, wow.
  And as part of that, he said like, you know, because it's amazing what your dad did, you  know, trying to build something from the ground up.
  You know, that's kind of what we were trying to do is the new guys on Saturday Night Live.
  The same thing he said about Star Trek, the new generation, you know, it's kind of like  being the new guys on Saturday Night Live.
  He has one thing to relate anything in the world to.
  It's and it's 45 years ago.
  It is the era.
  It is literally the era of Saturday Night Live that people care about the least.
  Well, I mean, Eddie Murphy was on it.
  So sure.
  And our IP that was great.
  Gilbert.
  But yeah.
  But no, not Gilbert's reign.
  Gilbert lasted half a season, right?  Yeah.
  I don't think he was especially proud of it.
  But yeah, no.
  Are there any even like old folks that are like, you know, when SNL was good, when Piscopo  was doing Sinatra, when he was doing all blue eyes with that and he had so much reverence  for him?  That's what I loved about it.
  Only if their TV, if they didn't have a TV before 1980 and their TV stopped working  around 1984.
  Piscopo, was he was he at the anniversary?  Yeah, because he did one of the greatest pieces they did like a here's all the musical sketches.
  And that's where Bill Murray did probably the funniest thing in the show.
  And then earlier in that in the audience, he is Sinatra and he does a joke free New  York, New York.
  And sitting behind him is Bob Odenkirk, who cannot repress his grimaces.
  He's like, you just can tell he's like, oh, good.
  It's a wonderful piece of footage to watch.
  I hope he does it at the fit.
  What is the 50th?  That's in a couple of years at this point, right?  He'll probably do the exact same thing.
  Oh, man.
  So great.
  Why?  Why mess with perfection, baby?  That was the 50th, wasn't it?  Was it the 50th?  That was the 40th.
  That was the 40th.
  That was the 40th.
  That would be soonish.
  Yeah.
  Hang in there, Piscopo.
  We need you.
  The show's going to be dying.
  Somebody's got to resuscitate it.
  Well, he'll be on the campaign trail soon.
  For Trump or DeSantis, it's going to be one of them.
  He's going to be a good VP, you know?  You know, it's tough trying to rebuild the country.
  You know, it's like when you're trying to rebuild  Saturday and then why when you're a new guy?  Anyways, you know, they had horse drawn carriages,  but they had all the we started doing the research.
  I'm like, all right, well, this is going to be an episode  all about how bad the guys are because the rides  do not give us anything to work with.
  It's all the things we don't talk about.
  Yeah.
 Is this there's a list I found.
  Is this am I in the right spot here?  There was like the carousel and stuff.
  There was a carousel.
  Yeah.
 And a ferris wheel.
  Well, the best was the blatant copyright theft.
  I'm talking about, of course, Main Street Heritage USA.
  They just took Main Street USA, created a pretty similar version  and stuck a different word in the middle of the name.
  That seems not OK.
  Just the same thing.
  And they made it indoors and thus  more unpleasant, I'd say, more claustrophobic.
  They did a lot of their tapings from around there.
  And you know what? It looks good on on camera.
  It's a great as a fun backdrop.
  I will I will say aesthetically, just liking kind of dull  brown 80s atriums, I feel like I would walk around this  Main Street USA and enjoy it as long as I could avoid  indoctrination wherever I could.
  If I look at pictures of it, I'm like, just aesthetically.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, you know, and there's aesthetics at play that I like in general  in this place.
 Unfortunately, I watched a video.
  I did find a little like brochure of what there is to do here.
  And let me just play you a little snippet of this.
  This is from 1987.
 They're still in the height.
  So here's what we feel.
  PtL really is.
  This is just they're cutting to, you know, oh, they got they they got camels.
  They make camels live here, that kind of thing.
  But this song,  I was so delighted when this came up.
  I've talked on the show before about how I listen to my attempt  at just trying to be around people, mover, monorail type music all day, every day.
  This is the song.
 This is the key song.
  It's called Night Lines.
 It's by Dave Gruessen.
  I listen to this all the goddamn time.
  If there's ever anything that's stressing me out, a live show of ours,  anything with a little bit of pressure, I'm like, you know, it'll calm me down.
  I was listening to that song.
  So I was happy to hear it because it's a perfect song.
  If you want to imagine like this property has many amenities.
  Fun for the whole family.
  It's like meant for little montages like that.
  It's meant to lull you into a feeling of like, I'm going to accept this information  and I'm going to use it.
  Yeah, yes.
 Informative.
 Right.
  Entertaining.
 Right.
  I love if you've ever been curious about this kind of music, it's on Spotify.
  Dave Gruessen, Night Lines.
  That's my that's that's Scott's pick.
  Scott's Choice.
  Puff up those listeners on that.
  It's a delightful song.
  Is it on Spotify or anything?  It is on Spotify.
 Yeah.
  Dave Gruessen is great in general.
  He did the score for Tootsie.
  I want to say like the firm, I think Ishtar.
  He did a lot of big days.
  Film score is a heavy hitter.
  Pleasant like sweater wearing guy.
  So anyway, just that's so if you're a little taste of that music  and that's the vibe, you know, that like there's shopping and horseback riding  and I don't know, balloons and it's and and reviews.
  It's all softball, apparently.
  And it's everything in it is very pleasant and the music's pleasant.
  But then all of a sudden, I don't know when it's going to get to it.
  Oh, yeah.
 Then right after the pool, the sizable pool,  then they cut to a very distressed woman in a dark room.
  And then actually, that's not the part I was looking for.
  There's a there's a there's a very distressed woman  at some point just staring at a gun as if to say, should I use the gun?  And then it cuts to that woman being led into like a cabin.
  Like, it's OK.
 Be here now.
  OK, it's very alarming that in this place and did it.
  Did it like but that's the kind of thing they did was they had like  they had a home for unwed mothers.
  That was a thing here.
  Or they would like take in people.
  Yeah, there there was a point in time where they were attempting to do outreach  and they were attempting to do charity work before.
  It was just like, we got to make money.
  It seems like Baker fell into the like, we got to get some money  going, you know, like pretty, pretty quickly.
  Yeah, yeah, because that's that's expensive to maintain.
  It's it's massive property.
  I read it was like it's 10 times the size of Disneyland.
  Oh, OK.
 Huge campus.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So you got to start making some return as fast as you can.
  But like the vacation amenities and the like,  like even that sort of promotional package with like that music,  the reason they were able to get so big so fast was they were trying to  meet people where they were, you know, they were trying to like  use the language of like secular entertainment without the values.
  Because there's a twenty twenty piece online about like, you know,  interviewing people who work there and stuff.
  And it's just like someone was like,  why can't we have Christian Disneyland?  And it's like, what? What is so off putting to you about Disneyland?  Is it the hoy, Palloy? You're around.
  Is it the sinners are around?  Like, I don't isn't that already Disneyland pretty wholesome?  Yeah, let's say well, especially let's because because today  the answer would be there to it.
  They're changing Splash Mountain.
  They're putting their walk in my own shit.
  Yeah.
 But in 87, what are we mad at Disneyland?  What possibly? Yeah.
  They were, if any, they were far too more already a Christian theme park.
  It's already a Christian theme park.
  What do we do? Christian things sometimes a little more like, yes.
  And where you get, you know, like, yeah, are you that upset at the?  Why do they have Lincoln talking solemnly at me?  It should be Moses.
 Yeah.
  It's like it's very wholesome, I would say.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And in their way of describing wholesome, yes, of course.
  Like it's there was no there was nothing subversive about it.
 Yeah.
  And it is.
  Yeah.
 In 87, it's like you are in this.
  Is that the second Reagan administration?  Like your guy won handedly twice.
  The evangelical.
 Well, they touch on that movie.
  They deliver the evangelical vote to Reagan.
  Got him elected twice.
  It's just like, what more do you want? You won.
  They want that.
 They don't want the the secular values of Main Street, USA,  the tawdry.
  I can't even think of what a fake.
  So we want we want our fudge just to have a picture of a cross next to it.
  Isn't he's pagan fudge?  Doesn't make its leaning.
  This godless fudge has no place in America.
  This fudge will be down.
  We are all eternity.
  We make our fudge with holy water.
  We every.
 Yeah, it's I guess.
  Yeah, I guess they just wanted their IP to be in the park more.
  They just wanted more Christian IP.
 Yeah.
  To be greeting people and doing, I guess.
  Well, there may be the feeling of like that they don't like that.
  They just they only want to be around their kind.
  Oh, you know what?  Well, this doesn't count at Disneyland either, because at this at that point  in time, you couldn't drink at Disneyland.
  You could probably smoke.
  But here you could not smoke or drink.
  So I guess it's that at Disneyland.
  There's a bunch of filthy smokers everywhere.
  I guess kind of true.
  But I guess it's so that that's the only difference.
  You can't smoke here.
  Yeah.
 Could you can I ask a question?  This is just the Disney question.
  Could you at any point smoke on?  We've talked about this before, but smoke on the rides.
  Could you or could you smoke in like Mr.
  Lincoln in 1960?  That's a good question.
  That is a good question.
  I think in general, no, because they're like, oh, we this these things are pain  in the ass to keep up.
  Well, we should look.
  We should look that up.
  We should look that out.
  I don't think you would ever smoke on the rides because I don't think they want to  let cigarettes fly and get free to read.
  I know.
 But like in a show like with Lincoln, like something stationary or like  stationary, like Twain.
  Right.
 I bet you for sure could light up a cigarette on the Mark Twain.
  Yeah.
 And I said this a couple of weeks ago that if I could,  if I had to smoke a cigarette, it would be on Pirates of the Caribbean.
  Yeah, I would do it today.
  I would drive down today and do it.
  Some people were like in agreement.
  I felt like non smokers.
  I saw an agreement on this point.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I wonder.
  I wonder what the smoking poll we should.
  Yeah.
 Look into this.
  That would be funny if they did like a special night.
  Smokers.
 They did 80s.
  They did smokers like, like,  they got big fans at the end of the night.
  Big filtrate.
  Everyone's got like a small smoking system.
  I will pay one hundred fifty dollars for this ticketed event,  and I will smoke a pack at Disneyland on every ride.
  It is.
 I mean,  a number, a lot of casinos in Vegas still have pretty significant.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
  And it is kind of like smoking indoor.
  This is novel nowadays.
  So that or bars that have private ownership or private club membership.
  There's there's some sort of rule about certain bars.
  I guess I'm not as excited to smoke a cigarette.
  No, no.
  The vibes are around you completely already.
  Yeah.
 But if I could light up in the Tiki room, I would do it.
  Yeah, that's what.
 Yeah.
 I bet there.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Was it like unless it was just we don't know what these robots are going  to do might make them go haywire.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 They'd like gain sentient.
  They become sentient if you they had too much cigarette smoke.
  Although that might be that might have been Tiki room seems pretty close.
  I feel like if there was just a big plumes of smoke,  you wouldn't be able to see the birds.
  That was a concern.
 Yes.
  Maybe that's yeah.
  Maybe that's the issue with the airing clouds of smoke.
  You just hear the click clacking.
 Yeah.
  Well, let's see.
  OK, so, you know,  Terra Seller's drunk characters, but boring stuff.
  But there is a little bit of stuff about Main Street Heritage USA.
  The Heavenly Fudge Shop says as has been addressed before.
  They had a little slogan I saw on some leaflet.
  Follow the aroma.
  You be the judge.
  Take home a stick of pure homemade fudge.
  Nice, cute.
 Yeah, I guess.
  Um, let's see.
  We got the popcorn trolley.
  It's not called Fads and Fancy's Fads and Fancy's,  which is and Fancy's there.
  That's like Disney ish.
  Yeah, I'd say all of it is they had like a jewelry store,  which I feel like is a Main Street perennial.
  They had some very expensive stuff.
  OK, so they had Tammy Faye branded things.
  They had Tammy Faye makeup, which, of course, you're after.
  You want to look like Tammy Faye.
 Of course.
  Tammy Faye branded pantyhose they sold.
  And then this one's really weird that you could.
  Maybe you couldn't buy this.
  This is maybe this is just on display  that there was a handmade porcelain bride doll  in honor of the Baker's 25th wedding anniversary.
  And so she is in full bride attire,  complete with lacy lingerie.
  That is a quote.
  I didn't look at a little doll of Tammy Faye in bridal lingerie.
  Is it this doll?  Ah, you have a show to me.
  Oh, yeah.
 Is that a picture of it on eBay?  What is this?  Click back on it for me.
  Sorry.
 Yeah.
  This is a vintage wire press photo of the doll  of a Tammy Faye doll.
  Oh, my God.
 Yikes.
  Wow.
 You found little little lacy lingerie.
  That looks like Annabelle or something.
  That's like a very haunted doll vibe.
  So so well, they got the they got the memo that like  people would want like the head of the company, like a Michael Eisner doll.
  They got that idea.
  I guess so, because I mean, or the founders themselves  obviously wanted to get merch like, I mean, we want we want dolls of ourselves.
  That was kind of, you know, they started with doing the puppet shows on the one.
  Right.
 That was the beginning of their television career.
  It's not that far.
  Oh, yeah.
 To like dolls from there.
 Right.
 Right.
  You could also buy praise dolls, talking praise dolls that you squeezed.
  And you squeeze them and they say,  I am full of joy.
  Jesus is Lord.
 Praise the Lord.
  Pray with me and I say my prayers.
  I say my prayers.
  Hey, Dolly, do you say your prayers?  Got any audio of this, right?  I just would love to know.
  No, no.
  We're always here.
  Yeah.
  Hey, when is it?  It's also like inevitably if you give a kid young enough a doll,  at some point they're going to stop like playing with it as intended.
  And they're just going to whack it against a wall or like,  you know, hurl it at their sibling.
  So they are all of these dolls no longer have the ability to speak.
  That's what you're saying.
  Due to horseplay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Weird detail about the  retail situation in this place.
  There was a restaurant manager there who said, here's one thing.
  Christians don't tip.
  They'll give you a hundred dollars if you need it, but they won't leave that 15 percent.
  And they don't seem to play tennis either.
  The courts are often empty.
  So I tip very well,  even if the service is terrible and I play tennis.
  So, no, they don't.
  That's what they're you're the element.
  They're trying to keep out of this place.
  Oh, wow.
 They want they want non tippers.
  And I don't feel welcome.
  I do not feel welcome at this place.
  This is this.
 It's been raised to the ground.
  I found there's some copy in that brochure about the general store  on Main Street.
  The big header, it says, everybody loves shopping.
  Yes, even dad will enjoy poking around in the big general store,  which carries everything from camping supplies and groceries to gifts.
  In fact, he might just want to stay there  forever.
 I don't know.
  But once mom and the kids explore Main Street's  Cobblestone Avenue lined with wonderful old fashioned shops,  they'll make sure dad sees it, too.
  I don't this copy on the brochure is so odd and inhuman.
  We're like, we understand people.
  Dad will see that desires.
  Dad will see camping supplies and he will want to live in a store.
  You're not you're going to have to drag him out.
  Uh huh.
 It's the vibe I'm getting.
  And then the second sentence is like, you have to force dad to look at cobblestone.
  It's like it'll be pretty good.
  He'll he'll he'll make sure he sees this area as well.
  If I could stay here forever, if I could, if I could, I'd drop you in a second,  honey, if I could live with 100 fishing poles.
  I want to marry this fishing pole.
  Now, where is the nearest pastor?  Oh, he's right over here.
  Oh, over here right now.
  Clerk is working.
  Oh, you're all ordained.
  Everyone here who works here is ordained.
  I'm marrying the.
  Boy, it's me and these 25 fishing poles, man and pull it awake.
  Go to the Tammy Faye store.
  Give me a wig.
 Put it on the pole.
  We're doing this now.
  Tammy Faye Rouge on fishing poles.
  I don't give a shit about these cobblestones.
  I want to marry this pole.
  Oh, no, I tried to kiss my new wife.
  Got a hook.
  Twenty five hooks in me.
  Oh, no.
  Women who turns to the Cameron  pole.
 What are you going to do with them?  You live without them.
  This is some great Christian sketch.
  I think we're doing very good.
  This would I don't know if they had any sort of dinner theater.
  It looked like they had some shows from that video, but yeah,  you could have done this live and this.
  Yeah.
 Oh, my gosh.
  Would have killed murders, kills.
  There was a lot of entertainment there because they're doing the tapings here.
  I mean, really became where they did the tapings for a very long time  and various accommodations.
  So it's like Nickelodeon Studios.
  You go there to see the show you love live.
  Yeah, right.
  I grew up like 20, 30 minutes away from the QVC studios,  which are just sort of located in the middle of like southeast P.
A.
  And there's no theme park or is there even a gift shop?  I think I think there's some sort of maybe shop.
  Did you ever try to go or get a tour?  I didn't.
 It didn't dawn on me to like, oh, I could have just done an internship  there like you could have been an on air host.
  Yeah, it could have been on air.
  I know people who I think at some point try or like they did a short run.
  Yeah.
 You know, you knew upstart QVC years.
  Wow.
 Could you do it? You think?  Huh? I think I could do it like just vamp and like,  just like, yeah, for like a couple hours, you'd have to just keep talking about.
  I don't know.
 I almost sent you a weird Lacey dolls, probably Lacey dolls.
  It was like like high high end watches,  but it was like had Batman and the Joker on them.
  I was flipping the channels recently.
  I came across that on TVC.
 Well, yeah, I don't know.
  I thought about it.
  I thought not.
 I'm not really thinking about seriously doing it,  but I was like, could I do it for a couple of hours? I guess so.
  There was an attempt to start like, you know, streaming  shopping network for millennials.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 The old meltdown comics location in West Hollywood.
  But it was who was it? Was it Jimmy Iovine's son?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, no, he and he has an app now that's sort of like that called Network  NTW RK, I believe.
  I was going to ask what letters.
  And there's like friends of ours host stuff on there.
  So people we know.
  I'll find out later.
 Yeah, we'll talk about later.
  But I bought them.
  Honestly, I bought discount toys on this app.
  Oh, it did work.
 So.
  But yeah, it is.
  The dream is alive is what I'm saying.
  You love new.
 I love network.
  There's also brought to you by there is a, you know, there's a Green Day side.
  Secret side project, I believe, called The Network or network as well.
  Where the letters are dropped in that.
  Oh, good question.
 Let me take a look.
  It was a secret ban, though.
  They've never admitted they are the state of secret.
  They have a multiple side projects.
  Hold on.
 Green Day, the network.
  I believe it was the network.
  No regular spelling of the network.
  OK, so when what what were they able to do in the network that  it was the confines of Green Day didn't allow?  I believe it was a little more like Devo sounding.
  I think you have said with that reference, you have guaranteed  I won't like it because I because I like Devo is I will.
  That's what it was and go.
 No, not Devo as at all.
  We'll see.
 I can't remember.
  This was I think they actually brought the network back recently,  but I think they started they started doing it like 15 years ago.
  OK, but there's yeah, there's multiple.
  There was a network zoom reunion.
 Yeah.
  Even the pandemic.
 Mm hmm.
 That's true.
  So anyway, Jason, QVC host.
 Yeah.
  I know.
 I know.
 Pennsylvania for a fact that QVC at home shopping  that work same ownership now.
  Oh, because my mom was complaining about like they have different  return policies, but they're the same company.
  Your mom, that makes me go like, are you still buying?  Sounds like it.
 Yeah.
  Sounds like you're getting a Batman watch.
  You're getting a good deal.
 Hey, I'll take it.
  I wear a watch, though.
  Um, uh, other stuff they had here.
  Oh, well, here I like this in terms of attractions.
  This one's exciting enough to compete with walking that park guests.
  Now you are you can book as much vacation time at this place as you want.
  And this was not enforced, but it was strongly suggested  that maybe, you know, you got a lot of vacation time.
  Can't you give us just a little for volunteer efforts?  Can't you get on the phone bank?  And if you do so, you could tell if everyone did that, shipped in a little,  it could save the ministry thousands of dollars a year,  which then can be spent on other PTO ventures, such as World Missions  or, you know, hush money to women.
  Insane.
 So, you know, what am I going to South Carolina to do?  Walk and volunteer here.
  And then and then but then I get to do rides.
  Well, I mean, if we we might have them someday,  assuming the company doesn't fall into incredible swift collapse.
  There has to be a family who is just like, OK,  what where are we going for vacation this year?  OK, last year we had to sit through the two hour timeshare presentation.
  What do you have to do this year?  You have to volunteer to phone bank.
  Dad, come on.
  Yeah, there are no I there were.
  I would be wonder if there's anyone listening who had to do this.
  If there's an old they're a little older listener.
  Maybe it's I mean, you know, there's one of those videos on YouTube  that's like exploring the grounds of it and what's there now.
  And the guy, well, he was poking fun at it.
  He also seemed to be like, I really liked it.
  He didn't seem like strongly religious.
  And that's why I think it's possible that you, you know,  it's it's like a it's a campground kind of shows.
  Yeah.
 You know, and I I was in a pool and I did horseback riding.
  I think it's fully possible you could have liked this.
  It was not aggressive in the way that the Holy Land experience was.
  Or yeah, I think there's a way that you could have had this experience  without feeling like stuff was shoved down your throat.
  Because and some of it, like you're saying, has been preserved.
  The one hotel was preserved, I believe.
  Well, in a bunch.
  And it's like the little the guest rooms like where you would stay.
  All the the cottages and everything all became condit.
  Like people do live.
  And then there's new buildings that are that were built  on the grounds of the water parks where the water park used to be.
  It's all just like really boring looking housing tracks at this point.
  One of the attractions we haven't mentioned yet, the upper room,  a recreation of the place in Jerusalem where  supposedly the Last Supper was held.
  Oh, that's what that is.
  That is still in.
  You can still go there.
  Another ministry, another ministry took over portions of this.
  And that is still functioning.
  It's not open 24 hours a day, seven days a week like it used to be.
  And you're.
 Yeah, that was the idea of it is that you would like  Jim Baker's like, how do we get this perfect?  Oh, you can't go pray somewhere at 3am.
  Yeah.
 So yeah.
  So there's that this 24 hour prayer.
  And you said it was a recreation.
  Yeah, a recreation of.
  So was it like figures or was it human beings playing?  Do we know? I don't think any.
  I think it's the place.
 Yeah, I think it's just a table.
  It's just the room.
 So you would go.
  No mannequins, no robots, no, no, no, that's just a genuine place to pray.
  But it looks like I see a room from the year  thirty six because you would say, you know, like I'm just blue sky here.
  Like, you know, if you paid money to like be part of the Last Supper,  to eat at the table.
  Now we're talking as far as experience, the last year.
  Yes.
 So you're paying a high end ticket price to eat at the Last Supper,  to be in that moment in the same way you're paying in Star Wars Hotel  to experience a club on the cruise ship.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 And this is now you're part of the Star Wars canon.
  This is now this is hardcore part of the Christianity canon here.
  What happened at the Last Supper?  Was there like a was one of the acts of betrayal?  That the last time I got to watch that happen.
  That's my understanding.
  I guess if you pay more, you could be the betrayer.
  You could be.
  I'm a good look, Scott, you're the religious guy of the three of us here.
  So you should really know.
  Is this the Judas? Is this the Judas thing?  Is this the that's as close as I can get even asking the question.
  Some of you will betray me.
  He said, OK, so you get to watch that happen.
  That's pretty exciting.
 That's kind of like a and then it's like a little  Kylo.
 It's like a body of Christ, blood of Christ, I believe.
  Right.
 But I'm just trying to that happened.
  And that's that, too.
 All right.
  I'm just trying to think of stuff that would get people engaged  and have more fun with any of this stuff, because they never  know when is like every Christian Disneyland and they talked a big game here.
  But like just build something as good as a haunted mansion.
  And even if it's like if people will go like, you know,  I'm not really into the message here, but these effects,  but this experience, this immersive, they've missed the point of all of that.
  I feel like consistently is they've never they have yet to do this.
  And I feel like it's the same way with most Christian entertainment.
  And I have not Christian Rock.
  And maybe I'm completely wrong and I'm missing some stuff.
  It's a little it's a little right.
  Not well done.
 Exactly.
  And you're going to be eating your words in a couple of hours  when you're at that day screening of Father Stu.
  You don't know what that is.
  You know, come on, you don't know what is Father's.
  Barely heard of it.
 I understand.
  Yeah, but you have that's interesting.
  I don't think so.
 Tell me what it is.
  Oh, Father Stu is the new Mark Wahlberg movie about.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  It's a real guy.
 It's a real guy who appears in episodes of Wahlbergers.
  That's how I knew about Father Stu.
  He's passed away at this point.
  Yeah, I don't see.
 I don't know that.
  I think but I think he shows I think he was alive at the time.
  I don't quote me on that.
  But on a there's a recent episode of The Best Show where Tom Sharpling  just watches the trailer and describes beat by beat what is happening,  because it's like it's a guy who moves to Hollywood to be an actor.
  But then he's an X-Boxer.
  But then he gets in a motorcycle accident and he stole the motorcycle  and then he becomes a priest and then he gets sick.
  And his old boss, who told him not to steal something, was Mel Gibson in the movie.
  Oh, yes, that's a very jarring cut to just suddenly 20 seconds in.
  Mel, oh, Mel's there.
  It's the start that Mark Wahlberg says he's going to start making  all religious.
 Oh, this is the turn.
  Oh, OK.
 Mel's already done that.
  I actually haven't seen the Mel movies.
  The Mel's done it, but Wahlberg hasn't.
 Right.
 Right.
  No, I know.
 I'm sorry.
 So I'm trying to like, yeah.
 OK.
  So so maybe you're saying Wahlberg is going to be ushering in a new golden age  of hardcore Christian entertainment that could lead to like theme parks  finally giving us the rise of the resistance Christian experience  that we've wanted for so long.
  Well, Father Stu the Ride, I guess.
  Father Stu the Ride, assuming that this movie is and I don't know what places  you go in, but if there's well, we have a vehicle in play.
  If he's on a motorcycle, you could do a VR motorcycle ride.
  Right.
 Or a truck.
  Or I forget if you're in a sidecar, you're like you're sitting like the Hagrid.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're riding shotgun with Father Stu.
 All right.
  But getting closer, getting closer.
  Huh? I don't know what studio is putting this out.
  Is this already pictures?  OK.
 OK.
 Well, they have their and they have deals with it.
  I don't have a big theme park present.
  Seven million dollars.
  Oh, it's out.
 It's out.
 Yeah.
 Hmm.
  OK.
 The box office after everything everywhere all at once.
  Were any of the Transformers that Mark Wahlberg was in the movie with Christian?  Were any of the robots all over early Christian?  Bumblebee played a lot of secular music.
  Yes, that's true.
 OK.
 So that's out.
  He would have had to.
  He would have had to have converted them.
  I see.
 So maybe.
 OK.
  I'm not sure what's maybe Christian robots.
  There's a movie in the future with Christian robots where  they like preach to you instead of saying they're proud of you at the end.
  They give you a little like a psalm or something at the very end of the ride.
  Yeah, that would be nice.
  They say, though, I will pray for you.
  I will pray for you.
 Michael may say your name feels kind of good.
  Right.
 It feels great.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I feel like he's going to have some sway.
  He's a big, big, crazy truck.
  God's got to listen when he talks.
  Michael, you've been have you've been putting your paws in.
  God's paint by it again, haven't you?  You little scam.
  I will make sure you're seated at the right hand of Scott  and between Scott and God's paint.
  Yeah.
 So like give us that level and we'll go to these parts.
  I mean, we'll go to these parts regardless, but  go to the park.
 If we get there, we stick around.
  If there was, that's what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
 Somebody just has to do it as well.
  And what they always think they're going to do, but they they don't.
  Now, let me say that maybe this is a good  well, actually, before I get to that,  Jim Baker, if if he hadn't done  many horrible things and committed crimes and this place had remained,  he did have an idea for a ride.
  Did you come across this, Jason? No.
  There was a pitch for a ride and it's not very fleshed out, but it sounds good.
  And the ride is a roller coaster ride through heaven and hell.
  This is something he wanted to do.
 OK.
  Now, now that's that's that's it.
  That's what we want.
 Yeah.
 He's right.
 Mm hmm.
  I did you did it.
  Was it fleshed out at all or he just sort of had the idea?  No, that's it, which isn't much that doesn't tell you.
  And I guess you'd have to worry that that would be what if that's only  six flags level theming where the Riddler ride equals a green track?  And in this world, it is a blue and white track  when you're up high and a red track when you're down low.
  Yeah.
 Now, yeah, exactly.
  That's probably what he probably didn't think too much about it.
  I could be wrong.
 But how would you do it?  I'm trying to think you would want the like  hell stuff to be sort of underground.
  And then maybe you would want the coaster to be up,  like go like there's almost like scaffolding.
  I'm trying to think of like in credit coaster.
  You would want like sort of clouds, like plastic clouds  up at the top of the track, perhaps.
  Or yeah, like,  well, it might even be enough just that it's indoor, outdoor.
  And when you're outdoor, you're soaring through the sky,  like it gets really high and you're you're feeling the euphoria  of flight as if the flight of an angel.
  Maybe that's it.
 Maybe there's angels around,  whether fully animated or just Mr.
 Incredible style.
  You feel like you're soaring with the angels up there.
  But then the indoor part is real scary and murky.
  And, you know, you're watching people all like have to rotate  big wooden.
 That's good.
  And demons are whipping them.
  So, yeah, you want it like a slow lift till up.
  You go slowly up and then you get to the top of the lift till.
  And then I think you could even put, yeah, plastic clouds and angels.
  And you're sort of just going around the track.
  And then at a certain point, I assume you commit some sort of sin.
  There's a representative representation of you committing sin and going.
  Or it just tells you like, this is what you'll see if you live a pious life.
  But if you don't.
  And then maybe it's just the drop like a severe straight drop.
  It's like a shell razor drop in air time, you know, like kind of  what it seems like happens in Velocicoaster.
  It's like, you know, big transcendent.
  You don't get the fun.
 You have to be saved from this.
  I think hell happens early.
  Maybe the devil tempts you and then you take the plunge.
  Like you could go this way or he's holding a drive my way.
  He's holding a package of non-religious fudge  and then your car banks to try to taste the fudge.
  Yeah, but it ends up plummeting to hell  because you've eaten this sacrilegious fudge made with regular water,  with regular water.
  And then it's and then it's the best representation of hell in a theme park  ever.
 I think you have to go crazy with here, like a massive  genuinely frightening.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 That devil.
  Big pressure on that devil.
  That's got to be that's like the Everest Yeti.
  That's like Larry, the scary Rex.
  Yeah.
 All of it at once.
  Your car should stop for like five to ten minutes while the robot  puts its hands all over your face to just in like the most unsettling thing.
  This is the first robot on a ride that touches you.
  Getting assaulted by a devil.
  Yes, because you have to know.
  You have to know if you make poor choices.
  So, yeah, you'll get the car stops for ten minutes.
  And it just like robot hands all over your face, like you will be here forever.
  And it's hot.
 It's unpleasant to the fingers are pokey.
  They really they hurt.
 You're right.
 It has to be crazy hot.
  I was complaining.
 I was saying in that Armageddon episode,  I don't like indoor fire.
  This would have to, you know, even I have to say like it's got to be  so much hotter than Armageddon than any indoor fire ever.
  It's got to be very unpleasant.
  This is like you're on stage.
  Yeah, on stage at a Mali crew concert right by the pyro.
  That's how hot it's going to be in this section of it.
  It's not just quick blasts.
 It's sustained.
  It's ten.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
  Of flame.
 You got to start thinking maybe you're going to lose your hair in this thing.
  Yes.
 Well, maybe the end is just like it's a, you know,  quick lift hill up to like a flat ride section, like a slow moving.
  You return to the loading station.
  You go through a little heaven scene.
  OK, that's good.
 This is what awaits you.
  And then the loading station, I don't know, it should probably be like a chapel  or something.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 So you come back.
  Well, yeah, like the chapel is like the portal between the world.
  It's where you make your choice.
  You should, you know, to get out of the devil's situation,  you should go person to person in the car and you should just  explain how you've sinned in your life to the devil.
  And so once you've once you've revealed everything that you've ever done  wrong to the devil, then he goes, all right.
  And then and they're actually somebody is listening, somebody's manning  that animatronics.
 You have to through virtue and honesty.
  You're allowed to leave.
 But then I think you get like a launch and some fun.
  And then you're soaring through.
  Well, maybe like, I don't know if she'd lend it out to a religious organization,  but like heaven is a place on earth.
  Like it's got to be the heaven part has to be fun.
  You got to be it's.
 Yeah, yeah.
  How much better it is than being touched by actual by by  actual robot fingers scraping against your face?  Well, what if when you get into the end there into heaven, it's the song playing.
  And then there's a big god robot and he touches your face, too.
  But the fingers are softer.
  Yeah, it needs to be a massive god like like the guardians.
  Coaster has the celestial ison is the antagonist.
  Yes.
 Yes, I've read this.
  The savior.
 Right.
  We need a massive benevolent god.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And he you see you feel his tender touch.
  Yeah.
 And then he yells like, be with me.
  And then you get launched up to his kingdom.
  This is the type of thing.
  A great ride anchoring the park would like this would keep something alive.
  I guess it didn't help with the Knights and White Satin.
  So that the park went away.
  But supposedly that was a great ride.
  And at the very least, you would say, yeah, you got to go.
  You got to make time.
 Yeah.
  Have you ever been on a ride where the robots touch you?  Because people would go wild for it.
  That's the headline.
  The religious aspect of it is buried deep in the article.
  Deep in the article.
 Right.
  So, yeah, I just think I think no one's approached this correctly.
  So if you're a hardcore fundamentalist Christian  and you want a smart bunch of ideas for a theme park, come to us.
  This is a look we've begged, by the way,  other theme park companies to have us blue sky things.
  Crickets.
 Yeah.
  Absolutely nothing.
 Years and years of begging.
  Let us get involved.
  And now here's the thing.
 Christians come to us.
  We want to be involved in the theme park industry and whatever bad ideas you have.
  Yeah.
 We're willing to sell our own beliefs out  if it means that we can write like dialogue for a little robot or a show.
  For St.
 Peter going like, come on, let's go.
  Oh, watch out.
  Well, we're like, you know, I really my my beliefs are  complete opposite to some of these people, but they let me write the  little pattern during a pre show for a ride.
  So we're willing to sell ourselves.
  And they need us is the point.
  We can.
 Yes, we can lift them up.
 Yes.
  And maybe convert them to being a little more fun.
 Right.
  So so so, yeah, at this point, I've given up on being  like consultants at Universal Creative.
  We will accept.
 Yeah.
  Whatever next.
 The Huckster.
  Oh, Alex Jones wants to do a theme park  and he wants the podcast, the Ride Boys to be involved.
  Well, everything he says is reprehensible, but fun.
  It's a thing.
 Now he's going to lose a lot of money soon, but.
  Yeah.
 So we believe that is actually see, it seems like the most likely time  for him to start a theme park.
 Oh, yeah.
  And yeah, when he is diving into bankruptcy.
  Yes.
 I that's often when, yeah, a lot of the 90s theme restaurants  or theme parks that never came to be or just like weird.
  Like you learn about a new weird foreign dignitary  who's like has oil money or zinc money.
  And it's like, I want a Spider-Man ride here.
  Silver silver money.
 Yeah.
  When you oddly have the most spending powers, when you've like  you're teetering on the crimes on record.
  Let's talk about what brought this down because it was  there were literal crimes involved.
  Well, first of all, I OK, the water park Heritage Island.
  I enjoy that name.
  And this now with a water park, at least this you sort of can't  argue get there are there slides and you splash and you go down the slide.
  And in the lead up to it, you get great music like that.
  I found a full episode of the PTL Club where they're about to open the water park  and they celebrate it by singing about how, you know, this place was  it was a dream of ours.
  You might say an impossible dream.
  This is a rendition of that song to dream the impossible dream.
  And just to say this right, just to clear this up, this is not me singing.
  I kind of can't believe it.
  A man impossible dream.
  To.
  It's not the warble.
  To.
  Over just like waterfall foot, like empty water park footage.
  Yeah.
  Oh.
  I.
  I don't I don't understand how singers like this rise to this person was  allowed to sing on television, and that's what the singing was like.
  Also, I just there's just no consensus.
  It's like, wait, you think you think everyone who lives in the devil's kingdom,  New York City, and the people who make Broadway shows are going to hell.
  But you'll borrow you'll borrow the song from man.
  Man of the monster.
  It also isn't like if you're starting a big ambitious endeavor,  man of the mantra is kind of a sort of a cursed thing to invoke.
  I feel I with the true the trouble Terry Gilliams had.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, and just like it's about a man out of his mind  tilting at will be like the phrase tilting and windmills.
  Gus, right? Like it was jousting with a windmill because he thought it was a monster  because he was out of his mind.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, and I don't know.
  This is a guy building water parks for Jesus,  thinking that the hush money he paid for an awful event  years prior would never come back to bite him.
  Then it did within the year of the water park opening.
  It was so fat.
 This opened in 86.
  Weird fact that Heritage Island had a wave pool before Disney did,  because Typhoon Lagoon is three years later.
  So they were first to it again.
  So I can't argue that wave pools fun.
  They did have a wave.
 Yeah.
  Beat Disney to it.
  But that opens in 86, 87.
  Stuff starts going wrong right away.
  Falwell takes over, I think, anticipating the Jessica Hahn  situation that like Baker's going to become persona on ground.
  Like we have to like switch up the leadership and I have to start  bilking this thing for money.
  I think the FBI and IRS were like about to kick down the doors to for those.
  Oh, yes.
 Money fraud.
 Yes.
  Well, the Baltimore Sun was looking into his finances,  discovered they were paying so much hush money  for this assault, this awful thing that happened in 1980.
  So then Falwell takes over.
  They are somehow with all this, they're getting so much money for people.
  There's 68 million dollars in debt.
  So that's when Falwell did a drive for donations and the drive.
  We discovered this, right? The slide Falwell slide.
  He went down the water slide in a full suit.
  Yes, which was built up.
  This was an event Nickelodeon style built up for many months  and keep sending those in because all end up it's a very like  and then your principles going to get slimed.
  Dunk tanks, even like a high level version of that.
  Yeah, it's just a shame it wasn't an action park slide  or that slitter punch slide.
  It's just a shame.
  So it had launched only into the air, into heaven, across a freeway.
  Heaven and then launched his physical body all the way to heaven.
  So he would end up in hell where he is now.
  Yes, guarantee.
 Yes.
  Can't say if there is one, he's there.
  Yeah.
 So a lot of people donated for him to go on a water slide.
  And he built this up like it was going to be the worst thing.
  And he's so scared on the thing.
  I guess I who am I to I've been scared.
  Who are you to make fun of him for your fear?  Vincent D'Ofrio in the in the eyes of the TV  favorite movie, Vincent D'Ofrio is pretty much just doing the kingpin again.
  But he's Jerry Falwell.
  Yeah, it's pretty it's good.
  It's yeah, same deal.
  So he went down a water slide.
  It looks pretty funny doing it in a full suit is funny,  but it's all falling apart.
  The hush funds come out.
  And so like, how could this  bastion of morality be doing these horrible things?  And then the other scam unravels the one you were talking about, Jason,  where they have this tower, the Heritage Grand Tower, which has 500 rooms.
  But they sell 160,000  PPL lifetime memberships, all guaranteed four days, three nights a year for life.
  For a thousand dollars, this would never like the map on this.
  And like, let alone that the place is closed within two years.
  Well, and when I like it wasn't finished, right?  Like there are stories about people like just dropping their tool.
  Like the government's here.
 Shut it down.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Shut it down.
 Yeah, everybody ran.
  Yeah, there's also oh, God.
  And I can't remember the podcast to listen to about this,  but they talk to somebody who grew up around there and it just became like  it's where the teens went to get high.
  Like you'd go like hook up and smoke joints on top of the unfinished  Heritage Grand Tower.
  So it just like it just all unraveled.
  It's still this footage of this you can watch on YouTube.
  It's so creepy that you can fly drones clear through windows  that broke years ago that nobody's ever going to fix.
 Yeah.
  To dream the impossible dream.
 I guess so.
  So the downfall, so because of that,  so that is him with these lifetime partnerships.
  He is offering something that he can't possibly make good on.
  So he actually I'm almost I love that he actually was punished  for this type of person.
  I feel like he's never punished very rarely this kind of thing.
  But it's so literal and clear.
  And he got brought down and went to jail for four years.
  And he and Tammy Faye divorced.
  And now he's all about buckets.
  Yeah.
 Now he's got a different scam.
  He remarried.
 She helps him sling the buckets.
  You know.
 Oh, yes.
  A very Tammy Faye esque woman is his wife now.
 Yeah.
  So he just he cloned her as close as he could get.
  Oh, and I didn't mention that I  I couldn't find the facts on this too much, but I think a lot of this land  also rightfully belong to a Native American tribe.
  And they just kind of took it.
  So there's that.
 Oh, that's a hundred percent likely.
  Yeah.
 Not even the main headline about this place.
  Stolen from Native Americans.
  A lot going on here.
  And again, this is all a ministry.
  So all of this is tax exempt.
  Like that was the first threat that it's like the government  might pull the tax exempt status.
  I think they did.
  I think maybe in the fall or right before Falwell, they actually in a rare move,  they actually got busted on that too.
  Yeah, they haven't pulled Scientology yet, but they got the Baker  establishment and that, you know, don't no fan of Scientology.
  But I think we could agree we'd like to see that theme park.
  Well, the IP of Scientology, we seen a move like at least in the abstract,  like we've seen like that as spaceships and stuff.
  So as a kid, what would appeal to me more is the is the stories of the Bible  or the Old Testament, like or story of fucking Zinni and spaceships,  which I know are like public.
  I mean, the movie is I guess the movie is the closest thing  because like in the literature, they kind of hide some of the alien element,  right, the alien element.
  I don't know.
 It comes later.
  It comes later to get a custom to write.
  Yeah.
 But there is a movie with aliens.
  We know if you're if assuming the old Ron Hubbard books are fair game.
  Yeah.
 Yes, exactly.
  The the quote unquote fictional works, which they don't think are fiction.
  I don't know.
 I don't know anything of that.
  But yes, alien spaceships.
  Now we're talking as far as again, Scientology.
  We've seen that some of the documentaries, it seems scary,  but we're willing to do whatever you want, as long as we can pick out  what little plush Zinni are in the gift shop.
  Well, you want to imagine here your rides podcast.
  The ride will sell out to anyone who has a theme has money in a theme park idea.
  I'm just really quickly scanning the synopsis of Battlefield Earth  just to pull a name out.
  I think you could you could have a whole land or at least a big rise  of the resistance level ride that's called Battlefield Earth.
  Dawn of the Cyclos.
  Oh, yeah, the cyclos.
 OK.
  Sure.
 Yeah, that's there's a there's a ticket potential for all of this stuff.
  And the money, the fact that Dawn of the Cyclos, the billion dollar ride  could operate without taxation.
  Yes, because the ride is considered a fantastic.
  Imagine if we could get our hands on that.
  Yeah.
 And then when we have that amount of money to play with,  like like the suckers at Disney have to pay, you know, still probably not a lot.
  I say they've got some tax exemptions going on to church,  but they haven't tied up every loophole.
  Yeah.
 Oh, my God.
  Scientology land in Hemet.
  They got the space for it.
  Yeah.
 Is this some is this the next like I think we've seen a lot  from the early 2000s, the late 90s, reexam of like, oh, this is actually pretty good.
  Oh, this is pretty good.
  Has anyone pulled the take yet?  Battlefield or Earth movie.
  Travolta.
 Pretty good.
  He's making some choices.
  I haven't seen it yet.
  It's up to bug me now.
  Only one man can bring it back from the dead.
  And that's bug me.
 Yeah.
  If he makes the call, we'll know it's true.
  Well, we'll blue sky.
 Well, blue sky.
  Well, look, I will get every religious book that is existing  and I will start blue skying for all the different religions.
  And get the ideas on hand.
 Yeah.
  Call.
 Yeah.
  I would advise you not to start making sketches from the Koran.
  They take representation of their.
  They take it a little more seriously than the Christians.
  OK, I hear what you're saying.
  Recreation.
 One IP is off limits.
  Got it.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 But.
  Except although I say that, but there was a big kerfuffle  because in AEW recently, there was someone wrapped some barbed wire around  Adam Cole's head and put him through a table.
  And it did look like a crown.
  And it was good.
  And they were screaming, there's a barbed wire crown  and put him through a table on Good Friday.
  But it's like, ah, guys, come on.
  Yeah.
  Huh?  It was just because he was going to have first through a table.
  So it would hurt more.
 Come on.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  Real quick thing is we're winding down the.
  So this property sat just rusting away.
  But they, you know, it is a viable.
  There's some theme park infrastructure.
  So some people have tried to bring it back, I think, a few times,  even just Radisson as a regular hotel.
  Can we finish that thing? Didn't work out.
  But the biggest attempt was in the early 90s, a guy named Morris  Cerullo, who is also a televangelist and a bigoted piece of shit.
  I mean, that's fraud.
 Sure.
  You can imagine all of that worked oddly with a guy named Bill Lund,  who was the second husband of Sharon Disney.
  Wow.
 So Walt's post death  son in law was involved in an early 90s effort to bring Heritage USA back.
  OK.
 Waypost Baker's involvement.
  And one of the first there's a big article.
  Just try to like drum up support for this.
  And there was the question, well, what about all those people  who bought the lifetime memberships and paid a thousand dollars?  Are you going to, you know, make good on that?  And he said, well, we'll try to reestablish relationships.
  We'll let them know, hey, look, the past is the past you gave to help build this.
  So come back and enjoy it.
  And then they said, so no refunds then.
  And he said, there's nothing we can do except just love them  and try to nurture them and let them know that they're welcome.
  Oh, boy.
 So each lifetime membership.
  Yeah.
 Olders, Morris Cerullo.
  I don't think we've said either the name Heritage USA was also  a name for one of the attempts to bring back Dogpatch USA.
  Was it? Yeah, that was the David Hare crazy scam.
  He just as they stole the name of Main Street USA,  David Hare stole the name of Heritage USA, kind of unreferred to for his  even less built theme park.
  Yeah, less built.
  But I'm sure the thinking was also like, well, if we get people to associate it,  you know, this thing was very popular for a short period of time.
  Oh, completely.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They may you might be confused.
 Wait, is it that is that coming back?  Also, because I told you I was looking up, hey, what's up with Holy Land Experience  and what's up with our encounter now?  I can't believe that there were no results when I Googled David Hare jail.
  I was sure that guy had taken it.
  So I don't know, maybe he escaped.
  Maybe those puppets that he made, maybe he like is hiding in one.
  He's like posing as an animatronic somewhere, maybe in the Precious Moments.
  I think all I think about is the video down in Dogpatch, which is his box.
  First of all, the song is good.
  Yeah.
 And the second I just picture him driving that car himself around America  and he's having a great time.
  Trying to suss out people's interests.
 Yeah.
  Like, hey, do you need a theme park built? Yeah.
  Do you need a pack of original IP? Sure.
  Which as we've established, we would answer the call.
 David.
 Yes.
  Loppy call us to Burbank and we'll happily climb in  and try to start Dogpatch.
  Well, let's see.
 Then we'll go straight to the Church of Scientology,  get an immediate billion dollar grant, drive to Hemet and start building.
  The king and then they'll be like, we'll be like the kings of of religious theme  parks will be unlike winning Theo Awards.
  Like the three of us will kind of be posed like back to back.
  Like we're the gurus that can bring your religion into the theme park world.
  And it'll be a whole new income source for us.
  I mean, I think that it seems like it's a it's a move that you can make  if you've failed in other avenues.
 Yes.
  And I look, I don't want to call us failures, but I will.
  Universal.
 Yeah.
  Look, we just haven't gotten a lot of bites.
 No bites.
  So this is what we got to do.
  If this is no, I shouldn't phrase it like that.
  Like we what we need to do is transcend those.
  Yeah.
 Lawed companies.
 Right.
  And work for in pursuit of something greater.
 Exactly.
 Yes.
  So so so we're open for business.
  Yeah.
 And that's why we are officially now.
  All right.
 You you survived.
  Praise the ride.
 Right.
  I think there was no accident.
  We had that phrase at the beginning.
 No accident.
  We are now very religious.
  What religion? It doesn't matter.
  Whichever one you bring to us ever land on.
  Yeah, but we are very religious, a very religious show.
  Now it's just the storyboards.
  It's it's literally just we took screen  grads from the by the world of Coke where everyone's holding hands.
  Like it's just a big shot like that.
  Isn't that enough?  We're what that image? That's what we are.
  That's what we're pitching you to scam.
  I mean, to help you.
  That's a good like I feel like Michael Jackson, I think,  talked about wanting to adopt a child from every nation in the world.
  That's what we should say, that there'll be a day, a year where a child  from each nation in the world comes and they they come for free.
  But the only caveat they have to hold hands for three straight hours.
  It's it's obviously also he thought of that  because he went on Small World too many times.
  That's definitely where he got the idea.
  I know be better because it'll be real.
 Right.
  Yes.
 I think that's I'm assuming at some point he expressed the desire  to make all the Disney world and Disneyland rights real.
  I want to have a pirate from every  pirates of all shapes.
  We'll invite the pirates here to Neverland and we'll make we'll make them good  with the power of music.
 They'll become nice pirates.
  They'll make peace with the townsfolk.
 Yes.
  And hold hands all day, every day will be lowered and used solely for sweeping.
  OK, so for more about  PTL themed ministries, right?  You can follow us.
  Well, we got to keep the handle because that's just that's where the followers are.
  So for now, the socials are at podcast, the ride  in increasingly religious merch will be available in our public store.
  Yes.
 And for and we want to make you a PTL partner.
  And you can start that journey by going to podcast, the ride,  the heavenly gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  Yeah.
 And sending us a love gift for our extra content.
  You give us think of now when you give us money on the patron, it's a love gift.
  That's a love gift.
 And that money is going to we're just going to we're going to melt  that down into a beautiful forest green and mix it up right into God's paint pot.
  That's right.
 We need a bigger paint pot.
  We're going to need a bigger, bigger paint pot.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
