 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate,  a show where we are proud to present a celebration  of the power and grandeur of some of the more  off the beaten path theme park attractions.
  I'm Jason Sherrod and Scott Gerner here.
  That was so serious.
  So soft.
  It scared me.
  Thought you were about to announce something really sad.
  Mike Carlson also here.
  Hello.
  Must announce the demise of Michael Eisner.
  Trying, I was trying to summon the narrator,  the narrator that you only hear for 10 seconds.
  Oh yeah.
  On Tiffany's topic.
  Ah sure, yeah, yeah.
  And it is about power and grandeur.
  Power and grandeur and the,  I guess the power of splitting the difference  on the topics you're talking about.
  Checking a lot of boxes.
  Water and color.
  We're talking splash-tacular, Epcot splash-tacular.
  Yeah, and here's one where there'll be listeners who know  and there'll be listeners who do not know at all.
  And this is one where I gotta say get educated  and we'll help you get educated.
  This is bonkers.
  This is a show that ran at Epcot Center in 1993  and therefore spent most of its runtime  in not Epcot Center but rather Epcot 94.
  Something we've spent too short of time  talking about, the brief window where the idea was  Epcot's gonna be a new, they'll change it every year  to Epcot 94, 95 and that was it I think.
  It stopped there.
  There was no Epcot 96.
  Well the millennium was coming  and they had to melt that for a while.
  We all turned our eyes to that.
  But this is peak Epcot 94 I think, this attraction.
  It is but that very same narrator  does refer to Epcot Center.
  Oh, so they weren't even.
  He doesn't say Epcot 94.
  Little messy still.
  Little messy, yeah.
  I mean that's kind of part of the charms of this.
  The show rocks.
  It is very messy.
  Yeah, I really like it.
  For once I feel like I got an explanation.
  I figured it out.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
  And it is.
  The backstory helps you piece together.
  The backstory.
  Why is there this, there's a real paper trail  for how we landed here.
  Let me just, it's not often that we have really good  just summaries done for us.
  But in this case there's a great ad  that was posted by Retro WDW and this,  all right, so this tells you the story.
  Will it help you understand it?  Maybe not exactly.
  Did you guys see this ad?  I did, yeah.
  I'll spin it to Mike if you, okay.
  I think I did.
  Here we go.
  The aliens imaginable have arrived.
  There's something we have that they want.
  Something you can find only at Epcot.
  Introducing Splashtacular,  a brilliant new world of leaping fountains  and Disney magic.
  Splashtacular, it's magical, it's wonderful.
  But how long will it be ours?  Find out for yourself at Epcot.
  Yeah, wow, that's exciting.
  That's a real trailer.
  They have something, or wait, we have something they want.
  Yeah.
  Now the narration doesn't really tell you  what we're dealing with specifically,  which we can keep to, it's basically,  there's an intergalactic battle that happens to play out  and interrupts what is supposed to be  just a fun celebration with Mickey and his friends  of the beautiful Epcot fountain and the idea of color  and who could ever want to destroy such a sacred,  easygoing event as that.
  Well, these villains who will still,  we can unfurl them as we go because boy.
  But that's basically what we're dealing with.
  Yeah.
  A battle between good and evil.
  And if you don't know what that looks like,  I don't blame you, I guess.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Can I just say it except I want to roll,  I want to give all of these characters.
  Yeah, yeah, you want to walk through a little bit.
  The big red carpet welcome.
  Yeah, there's one picture, a notable picture.
  Yeah, that's a promo picture of it.
  Yeah, of dancers and chrome Tom of Finland guys  and a couple of villains and the space bar  in the background, the fountain's going off.
  If you search Epcot splash tag,  this picture will come up immediately.
  I will say, yeah, if you're not,  say if you're somebody who just listens  and doesn't look at these photos,  I got immediate Captain EO vibes from some of this,  some of the costumes.
  Extremely, like a live Captain EO  a little bit after the fact.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  From the, yeah, the villainess and the,  you know, we got a lot of like silver dancers  slash guard warrior types.
  Mickey's honor guard.
  Yeah.
  Mickey storm troopers.
  I mean, that's the.
  Mickey's chrome storm troopers.
  Mickey has people in chrome Mickey faced shaped  like bulletproof chrome vests and knee pads.
  Yeah.
  Every bit of that, they turn around  and you could see that their boots  are studded with Mickey heads.
  They're on stilts.
  So they have long legs, which is a rich,  has room enough to put, to stack like three  chrome Mickey heads.
  That's just on the back of the legs.
  How many Mickey heads per soldier?  I mean, at least 20.
  Yeah.
  This is a peek into the future in like 10 years  when Bob Chapek like somehow buys the US government  and we're all under the rule of Disney  and the Disney police are policing the streets  in these chrome Mickey outfits.
  And that's the.
  These will be the uniforms of who goes and invades,  you know, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, like the places  where they have non Disney theme parks.
  Disney will mount invasions, will slowly take them over  and there will be no more Flintstones boat ride.
  Right.
  Like that.
  That's ours.
  Those are Mickey heads now.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, these are, I will say these are cool outfits.
  Yeah.
  I really like these outfits.
  I like a lot of this.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  I agree.
  It's great.
  It's weird.
  I, there's a Disney fandom page for this  that actually does a pretty good job of summing it up too.
  And I think one of the things I was kind of thinking about  again, that I got an answer for is a guy complains on it.
  It's like, some of this looks like ripoff Power Rangers.
  And there's kind of a reason for that.
  Oh, I don't think I know the kind of reason.
  Interesting.
  It is around the time of Power Rangers starting,  but it also goes back to like, well, a lot of this is from  the Tokyo Disney 10th anniversary show, It's Magical.
  Yeah.
  A lot of it kind of poured it over, possibly flown over  and then tweaked a bit, tweaked a little.
  Yeah.
  It was a 10th anniversary Tokyo show  that they took a lot of the elements from.
  Yes.
 And like so much else, you can find a better quality  of the Tokyo version.
  The video of It's Magical is very good quality.
  Yeah.
 There's this channel.
  We got to dive into this channel that's all pro shot  and somehow has professionally,  clearly from Disney footage,  pristine, perfect footage of these.
  It's all stage shows at Tokyo Disneyland,  but then also Disney Sea who they,  every year they mount a new massive thing on the lagoon  with so many boats that have to be coordinated  and planes flying kites past.
  Those things are so mega scales.
  We got to watch a lot, I think on this channel.
  Yeah.
 I think the best,  I watched a couple of Splash-tacular videos  and there's a lot where people set up a camera  on a tripod seemingly, but far away  and it's hard to figure out what's going on,  but there's the user Sean Locke uploaded a video called  1994 Disney Spectacular Fountain Show at, it cuts off,  but it's got like 6,200 views.
  That's a pretty good like cut.
  I think they videotaped the last day,  a couple of the last day shows of Splash-tacular  and then cut it together.
  Okay, okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There are pretty good, that isn't just one long take  that they've, well, but I knew this from,  because they did a filmed cut down version  on a very Merry Christmas parade in 1993.
  That's why I knew about the Splash-tacular show.
  So it's one of those Regis parades  and they throw over to Epcot 94, it's almost 1994  and they go to Bill Nye, the science guy.
  Bill Nye is in like a yellow rain slicker  and he's in the other, he's in a different Epcot fountain  and he's getting wet and he's trying to tell you about  Epcot Splash-tacular and Epcot 94  and you're like, boy, does Disney just have this guy  in a vice at this point?  Whatever they want, he will say  that solar energy isn't ready.
  He doesn't give a shit.
  He'll talk about this weird Splash show.
  Cash the check bill.
  Yeah, yeah, whatever they ask.
  So, and then they do a really great cut down  and when you, look, it's fun to watch  the 20 minute version of this,  but when it all unfurls over the course  of a minute and a half, it's so bonkers.
  It's like, wait a minute, where are we?  Okay, it's fountain and then it's,  they're singing about colors, red, yellow and blue  and then how quickly do you turn a corner to guards  and stomp, stomp, stomp, scary girl Mickey guards.
  Oh my God, it is such a whiplash  because there's like, you've seen tropes  from all of these shows in different media.
  Obviously it starts out with, like you imagine  like a cheesy Disney singing dance show  and then there's a hard left until the guards.
  Yeah.
  Oh, guards, there's an alien here  and then it turns into Power Rangers.
  It's such a wild, drastic shift.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which is good.
  Watching this, watching it on the special,  it left an, I believe I had a vacation,  maybe I didn't know yet.
  No, no, no, I think I went to Disney World the next year,  but Splashtacular remained fused in my brain the whole time  and spoiler, it didn't make it.
  It made it seven months.
  So this thing was not available to see by the next Christmas,  but I didn't know that.
  So I got to Epcot and my first thought was,  where do I see that crazy show with the chrome Mickey guards  and the big, and the creature,  I won't reveal the creature yet.
  But I was so, and I was like, I didn't quite remember the name.
  So I'm just like looking at every map.
  Is there some show?  I may have even made my parents ask,  can you ask if there's still the show with the guards?  Tell them I want to see the guard show.
  And they don't think, I don't think Disney employees  knew what I was talking about.
  They were told, don't ever bring it up again.
  Do not answer questions about Splashtacular.
  But it was a distinct disappointment to me  on my second ever trip to Disney World  that I didn't get to see this live.
  That's crazy, cause this was not on my radar at all.
  Was it before we brought it up?  No, I don't think so.
  I think Jason's totally-  I think Jason's totally,  cause you were excited, I would say.
  Yeah, I caught a little of it,  I think like six months ago or so.
  Okay, okay.
  I saw the picture first and then I saw clips of it.
  But you didn't know when you were a kid.
  No, I didn't know it as a kid.
  Again, I was just thrilled at free Sega games  to try out the inventions.
  That was one of the things,  cause this went like end of the year 1993  to start of summer 1994.
  Not typically a time theme parks close attractions,  the start of the summer season.
  Oh sure, yeah, yeah.
  Cause anything that eats people you want to,  but it wasn't working.
  I don't know what happened.
  When no one was watching it, I guess.
  I decided to get rid of it.
  I would have then.
  From the fandom, this I thought was interesting.
  Though intended as an exciting new offering  to rejuvenate Epcot's attendance,  it would be quickly scrapped when management decided  it clashed with the modern cutting edge image  of the newly opened Innoventions.
  Couple things there.
  Innoventions, a famously aesthetically consistent area.
  Not a big weird mess.
  Also fountain shows,  not exactly a huge driver of attendance.
  Yeah, if that was their plan.
  Pavilion maybe, like new InnoVent,  we were all like, oh cool, what's this?  You know, kind of.
  Sometimes it's very simple.
  New rides drive attendance.
  That's it.
  Like do that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So yeah, not getting all these costumes from Tokyo.
  So, well maybe to explain that transition a little more  and this is brought up,  user RobPlays did a YouTube video about this.
  That's pretty good.
  So sort of what, the Tokyo version  was kind of a post-Fantasmic  where Mickey has a celebration he's trying to do,  but in this case, literally, Maleficent,  as in Fantasmic, shows up.
  There's a lot of magic involved.
  It was called it's magical and there were magic tricks,  like Mickey's elevated in a big cage that's empty  and then a flash and then Mickey's in it.
  Or Maleficent appears up in the castle,  but then puff up smoke and then she's down at the bottom.
  So they had a second one waiting down there.
  And then the drag, she turns into a dragon  and that's your big show stopper, just like Fantasmic,  appears up out of the stage.
  Then a big Mickey balloon unfurls at the end.
  It's pretty good.
  The band version's great.
  And it still has the guards.
  So the guards were an innovate and it makes it make sense.
  Like the weirdness of it, when you think of it  is through the prism of Japanese weirdness.
  Like, okay, totally.
  You're right.
  And it may be, and how that can not translate the best  to Florida.
 Right.
  The genre name is Tokusatsu.
  And that refers to like, not the genre name of the show,  but like Power Rangers, Common Rider, Common Rider,  other Godzilla movies, you know,  Sci-Fi special effects shows could be like,  superhero shows or monster shows or magic girl show,  you know, those sorts of things.
  And it very much has that vibe.
  Totally.
 The costumes and stuff.
  Yeah, seriously.
  Maybe even more so in Splashtacular than It's Magical.
  Yeah, because what it,  basically what happens in the translation,  and as Rob breaks down,  this is a show done in front of the castle  and it's with characters from Sleeping Beauty  with fairy tale characters.
  But now we've decided to port this over to Future World  in Epcot, where you can't do Maleficent  and these characters, where you have like a shorthand  of this is a witch that I know from the fantasy movies.
  And I know the dragon, I've seen this before.
  They have to keep going into the Sci-Fi direction,  away from the fantasy direction,  which requires them to invent a lot more.
  And the inventions are probably what made it bad for them  at the time, but it makes it great for us now.
  Perfect.
 Right in our wheelhouse.
  Oh, so exciting.
  Who you get to meet some real, this is boy,  custom IP for this one seven month show.
  Has it, well, I was gonna say has it in spades,  but then also it's not the most fleshed out.
  No.
  In one case, literally not.
  Yeah, it's not, I mean, I do think like Leonardo Columbus,  who we've discovered in our past episode  might be a little more fleshed out than a lot of this stuff.
  But.
  But very much a piece.
  But yeah.
  It's very Leonardo Columbus-y.
  Yeah.
  But also, yeah, and also as far as like talking about  why it went away, it does still feel a little old.
  It feels like, I looked it up, Starlight Express also.
  It feels like Starlight Express.
  Oh boy.
  Why have we not fully, we gotta do Starlight Express.
  I really don't know a lot about that.
  I don't either.
  I know.
  I know a little, but I don't know a ton.
  I know about trains, I know trains are involved,  I know roller skates are involved.
  I can't imagine that was.
  That's about all I got.
  You as a kid, as a train enthusiast,  you wouldn't have been like,  I wanna see the musical about the human trains.
  I'll tell you when I kinda, like two ships passing  in the night just missing each other, you know,  why Starlight Express story is that a teacher,  when I was in high school, it's my freshman English teacher  for a number of years before, for a few years in a row,  had taken students on like a week long excursion to London.
  And I thought this idea sounded so cool.
  And she's like, I think I'm gonna do it again next year.
  And I was so excited by the idea.
  Like she showed the itinerary, like, you know,  what it would be like, about how much it would cost,  every sample, itineraries, one of which was  a showing of Starlight Express.
  Oh, yes.
  Oh, a musical in the West End, like great.
  Wow.
  And then did not have enough interest.
  So I had to real scramble real quick  and sign up for the like trip to DC that every schmuck took.
  Yeah, boring.
  Really boring if you live two hours from DC  and I've been there three or four times as an adolescent.
  Now I just get to do it with worse accommodations  with kids I don't like.
  That's okay.
  Well, we're gonna learn about Starlight Express  and the young but obsolete steam engine Rusty  who wants to impress the first class observation car Pearl.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah, why have we not gone deeper?  Andrew Lloyd Webber was just so powerful at that time.
  I feel like, right?  It was him?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Oh, so crazy.
  Okay, but we got our own awesome Chrome IP here,  which is the, so one thing to know  right off the top is that a lot of the show  involves Mickey navigating a sparkly cherry picker.
  He's in a-  As if he was going to fix some power lines.
  Yeah.
  He is in a cherry picker.
  I'm sitting alone watching it.
  I said out loud to myself, is that a cherry picker?  This is unique to the American production.
  Yes.
  Not in Japan.
  No, that had a magic trick.
  This one has a crane that he's riding around  with pushing a joystick around.
  Even Copperfield magic trick on cherry picker in its place.
  Some crows were gnawing on these power lines again.
  I'm gonna get up there and fix it.
  So yeah, with these though,  he doesn't end up doing any electrical work.
  He does go up there to turn on the fountain.
  Conduct the fountain.
  I mean, does he, I guess he turns it on and conducts it.
  Again, it's sort of, I mean, what excited me about it  because I love Fantasmic so much as a kid.
  So I was like, oh, they have one in Epcot now  that's custom and it's futuristic.
  That sounds great.
  So just buying it on face value and that's what it is.
  Oh my God, I got to see it.
  So, and it's Mickey conducting.
  He's experimenting with something goes awry.
  And it's kind of that, but yeah, he waves his arms.
  If you want to see Mickey conduct, you get to see that.
  He does do that.
  The fountain built for this, right?  Was it?  Was it?  Or at least upgraded?  You know it, you've all seen it.
  It's the fountain of nations is what they call it now.
  Yeah, from Boy Meets World.
  Yeah.
  Boy Meets World episode.
  And the lights and the splash,  like the shooting, dancing waters were,  I believe put in for this show.
  That stuck around.
  I think they had it in 82.
  It looks like, again, I'm pulling up this research now.
  I thought the body of water,  I don't know the capabilities of the body of water before.
  I thought that the water was there before,  but I could be wrong.
  I think what I saw was that if it was there before,  everything, the upgrades done to the fountain  stuck around for the show.
  They weren't might be it.
  Doing shows with it till 93 is what this,  which might be this.
  So it could be that.
  It might be, yeah, there was a fountain,  but it didn't do all this stuff.
  So they probably enhanced it.
  So Nicky's showing us what the fountain can do.
  There's a song about how it gets.
  Shoot water up in the air.
  Yeah, which is one thing that the fountain  could do is shoot water around.
  And that is the one thing.
  Yeah.
  Join in.
  It's, there's a song called,  they say join in a lot.
  And there's a lines like, it's Disney magic.
  Everything's going great.
  That's nice.
  That's what Bob J.
 Beck listens to every morning.
  Debatable, yeah.
  Well at the time, you know,  hey, this is pretty Frank Wells dying.
  I think everything was going great.
  Yeah.
  They do like sing like the fountain shoots in sync  with like red, yellow, blue.
  The show is done in broad daylight.
  So you cannot see if there's colored lighting.
  You can't see it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's a curious choice about it.
  Yeah.
 Then we get into the color separate.
  Okay.
 So fountain, but let's celebrate color.
  And then all the characters come out  and much brighter kind of your neon Crayola there.
  It's, you know, it's super bright green  and Minnie's in an extra pink, pink.
  And Donald's got a bigger blue hat than normal.
  It's like bigger and flatter.
  Yeah.
  And then, so in the Tokyo one,  all they had to do was have them in the bright clothes  and that's the change,  but here they had to space-ify them too.
  So Minnie is in kind of like a hoop dress,  like a Jane Jetson sort of thing.
  And so on top, and then Chip and Dale  wear these weird hats that to me look like unfurled condoms.
  Okay.
  Just kind of these odd, these domes  make them look real dopey.
  They sing a really aggressive verse about green.
  They all kind of represent a color.
  They're all really, everybody picks a color.
  And like, as if like a mock trial or debate,  they like make a case why this color is the best.
  And in Japan, Donald and Goofy really go at it  of like orange versus yellow, I feel like.
  But so in Epcot, again, what I alluded to  with splitting the difference,  the Japan show just about color, the magic of color.
  The Epcot show is about, again, to quote the narrator,  the power and grandeur of water,  the most phenomenal element in our world.
  You know, water abounds with life  and in its movement and reflective qualities  are found all the colors of the rainbow.
  So kind of splitting the difference,  it's about water and also colors  and water isn't really mentioned again.
  No.
  It's jumping.
  Water gives us color, colors in water.
  Well, sometimes, especially if there's like oil in it  and it's got that glisten.
  That's true.
  Or if yeah, you dye the lake green on St.
 Patrick's Day.
  Sure.
  This water in this show does not have color.
  People have colors in front of the water.
  Describing its movement and reflective qualities  is like, all right, you've done too many drafts.
  You've written too many drafts.
  Go back to the second one,  because that does not sound human.
  Well, this is all kind of underscoring Mickey  just sort of calmly walking into position  like a conductor starting an orchestra show.
  Yeah, and he hooks himself to the cherry picker.
  Yeah, gotta get that hook around.
  Ricky can't fall.
  That'd be, the show's canceled immediately.
  The cherry picker does look a little shaky though.
  He's conducting.
  I'm like, it is, I mean,  I know it's supposed to bob a little bit,  but it is moving.
  I was a little, that would stress me out.
  And the bad guy goes up in it later, I think?  Yes, she does.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a switch.
  So they're talking about colors.
  There's these dance,  the dancers are also chrome.
  I call them the drop heads.
  The women have kind of a,  it's sort of like a full plush thing on their head  that gives them the shape of a drop.
  But it also looks like a kind of a bat,  like if you bought a Halloween store, cone heads.
  Yes, it looks like cone heads.
  That's what I, yes.
  That was my feeling.
  They're silver cone heads.
  Silver cone heads.
  So that's strange.
  They, also everybody talks as if they're getting  on a spaceship, like Minnie says,  greeting space travelers.
  Yeah, oh yeah, that's so weird.
  They're talking about space immediately  as if they're going somewhere to space.
  Real quick about the look.
  I realize now that all the dancers  look like LaLondra from X-Men.
  Oh yeah.
  Who's a professor at X-Men.
  The Empress of the Shi'ar Empire.
  The Empress of the Shi'ar Empire,  who is Charles Xavier's girlfriend at a certain point.
  But she has a kind of a silver helmet  with like colors on the side of it.
  Okay.
  I'll look up a picture.
  Could have been inspired.
  So things are going great.
  They're on a unmoving spaceship,  talking about water and color.
  But then, there's like a boom over in the planter.
  Just given the physical space of how they had to do this,  because it has to just be regular manicured Epcot grounds  during the day.
  So off in the planter, like standing in the mulch,  there's an explosion and then it reveals,  how do you, pull up that photo if you have it.
  How would you describe it?  How do you even begin to describe,  he's a lot like, there's stuff like this  in the Mario Brothers movie.
  Right?  Where it's a big old head, body,  and then a tiny head.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It is like some of the more abstract illustrators,  or comic book artists draw Bane.
  It is like Rob Liefeld, or like,  type, he's an artist from, he's still around.
  He created Deadpool.
  Like the most horrific table drawing you can find.
  Just the biggest muscles and like the tiny heads,  and like this very 90s looking thing.
  Yeah, and that, yeah, specifically that shot even looks  like it was, like I had X-Men cards that looked like that.
  Yeah.
  And so, and Matt, so yeah, he pops out of a planter  and like 20 feet away inside.
  People are like on, huh?  I just wanted to underline a planter.
  A planter.
  A bunch of like plants.
  Landscaping.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I just, yeah, sorry to cut you off,  but I just wanted to underscore that there's,  it doesn't look like something should be coming  out of this area.
  This just looks like a nondescript.
  No, aliens landed in a planter.
  Yeah.
  Asymmetrically off to the side in Future World.
  Yeah, like when everyone was doing drive-through  Halloween haunts, and like a Frankenstein would just burst  out of like a bunch of plants in a field  that they kind of set some cones up for you to drive through.
  Like that's kind of what it looks like.
  And then imagine inside the brand new interventions,  the redone communicor, people are on like the biggest  desktop computer you've ever seen.
  And they're like, it's called the World Wide Web  and it's gonna revolutionize daily life.
  What a time.
  What a time.
  I love Epcot 94.
  Yeah.
  Perfect place.
  Perfect place.
  So this tiny, and he kind of shows up  and then just like shimmies.
  That's all he does, right?  He just jigs around.
  Yes.
  Raba, baba, baba.
  And then, but so the motion, he literally doesn't,  he's just their driver.
  30 seconds of screen time, of stage time, basically.
  Very cool design.
  Get him out of here.
  So the chauffeur, this intergalactic chauffeur  comes around, drops off a character.
  What's the character?  There's, I believe that the, well, okay,  let's describe her first.
  Yeah.
  I wrote down the phrase condor woman.
  If you remember the bombed dark era  Disney live action film Condorman.
  It's kind of color wise and feather wise,  kind of like a condor woman, but also a space witch,  an evil sorceress.
  Cosmic sorceress is the phrase that I saw.
  Sorceress.
  So you are already in the red.
  I feel like you are already like, okay, it's,  it's a sorcerer and they come from space.
  It could not be Maleficent.
  Maleficent just couldn't show up at Epcot.
  Yeah, just can't.
  You can't.
  These boundaries are drawn.
  This will ruin everything.
  Things can't be, Disney things can't be one thing over.
  Peter Quill, not Epcot.
  Mandalorian, not galaxy's edge.
  Oh man, do you remember when the space empress  came to Epcot center?  Oh man, that was so awesome.
  And do you remember also the color?  The characters were all talking about their favorite colors  like red and blue and man, that was so sweet.
  Oh, I can't wait to go see the splash tackler.
  He rules.
  Oh, Mickey and a cherry picker?  Get out of here.
  That was amazing.
  I've heard there's a new place called Reflections Cafe.
  I can't wait to eat what is surely one of the best  sandwiches I've ever had.
  Oh man, the electric umbrella.
  God, I can't wait to use that thing.
  Well, Donald had a flatter, bigger hat.
  I was so psyched about it.
  I ate so many hand witches, I freaking puked.
  If you don't know what we're, this is, we're kind of,  we have not been on the new Guardians ride yet.
  But this is for the pre-show where they've  assuaged everyone's fears by saying,  there's gonna look, Epcot, the Guardians guys,  you've been to Epcot, okay?  So don't get mad that we're building it here.
  Peter Quill grew up, loved it.
  And then the evidence of that is this strange  teleprompter sequence with Chris Brett,  which I have to say is one of the only times,  we just kind of snarked about it on Twitter.
  It's one of the only times in Podcasts that Ride's  social media history that I've seen reply guys  who do not follow us.
  Oh man, the guy.
  Get him in the mentions.
  We are, I have heard as you approach 10,000 followers,  the app gets less usable.
  And we are coming up on it.
  But yeah, there's been a couple people recently  who have just missed the joke by a country mile.
  The more, well, that's what happens on Twitter.
  You start with a core of people, we're having fun, right?  You understand jokes and that things are said  in jest and ironically and that the purpose  of this platform is not to lay out a bunch of facts  and proof and evidence and that is all that you do here.
  Yeah, it's like, sorry, yeah, sorry he doesn't know  about Epcot, like a bunch of 30 year old guys  who are really into it.
  It's like, man, I don't know if that's what we were  concerned about so much as the delivery.
  So much as the like, the naturalism of like,  read your script a couple times, man.
  Yeah, look, Peter Quill had to go into the memory.
  He's not like us, us dorks.
  He doesn't remember what Splashtacular is.
  He had to go into his mind and look at a really specific  spot five feet away from camera every time that he  remembered all of a sudden what the Epcot specific was.
  And an iPad Pro gaffer taped to a C-stand.
  And honestly, like I like, honestly, if I could choose  it being like this version or like the nice smooth version,  this one's better.
  Yeah.
  It is more, look, yeah, we love the show  with the strange mythology and the mistakes  and a tiny head dinosaur man writhing in a planter.
  I think this actually, now that you mentioned it,  is keeping Epcot weird and we're not necessarily hating it.
  No, no, it's just funny.
  It's funny that obviously he doesn't know  what he's talking about.
  That's all it is.
  And it's, what could be more in theme park,  pre-ride video spirit than a mistake that people,  that thousands of people watch every year?  Yeah, that's great.
  Odd little moments that just, all right,  that's the Bible now.
  Yeah, and there was no animatronics,  they, some of the art had like animatronics in the queue.
  Apparently that's out.
  There's no animatronic in the queue.
  And the blue sky version, I think I was like,  oh yeah, they'll put like the different,  like they could put like old characters in the queue  or they could put all pieces of memorabilia.
  No, none of that.
  So we're hanging our hat just on  the barely memorized script.
  Yeah.
  About old Epcot.
  Oh man, I love riding the space shuttle Earth.
  Look, Peter Close busy fighting the space monsters, K?  He doesn't know all this shit like you.
  He's not real.
  Calm down.
  Also, why are you doing this?  You don't follow us.
  You came here to do this.
  Just quote tweeting or just searching for you.
  I'm sorry, I felt the same.
  Yeah, just like searching tweets to like,  today I'm gonna defend that take.
  That's what I like, like to a person,  the people who decided to not be happy  that I made a joke about Ricky Gervais  and his wonderfully progressive views on the trans community  that like all of a sudden I have like,  because every time I clicked on, what's this guy?  What?  Like none of them follow me.
  None of them follow anyone.
  So their purpose today was like,  I'm gonna get in there.
  I'm gonna be in the army of my hero,  British billionaire Ricky Gervais.
  I'm gonna be a proud American  and defend a guy who hasn't done anything funny since 2008.
  That's my patriotic duty today.
  Recent events have shown that you need to do the math  of like, is this a human or is this a wing  of the daily water astroturfing organization?  Yeah, that's true.
  There are humans doing it.
  And I think it's a branch of a thing  that I have been concerned about lately where like,  I think it probably started with that,  let people enjoy things.
  Comic strip got very out of hand.
  And now if you make a joke about any big budget movie,  someone's like, come on, let people enjoy it.
  It's like, what is a joke?  Hey man, you don't need to defend Morbius.
  What are you talking about?  What's going on?  This isn't violence, not necessarily violence  to tease Jurassic world dominion,  but I think it may have started with comedians  or the heroes or truth tellers.
  It just might be the logical conclusion of like,  well, no teasing stranger things.
  You're hurting people's feelings.
  It's like, what?  Let them enjoy it.
  Am I not?  Do what thou will, cause no harm.
  I'm like, yeah, I don't.
  I'm letting everyone do whatever they want.
  I'm not some evil space sorcerer.
  This is the problem, is this person.
  Now, why haven't we named this character?  Well, because the dialogue that occurs is Mickey,  who are you?  None of your business.
  Oh, great trick.
  Very funny.
  Not even a name.
  Character unnamed.
  Not even a name.
  No, we owe it to, they gotta start rehearsing it tomorrow.
  Curry, get it on the printer.
  So, don't know who it is.
  She quickly explained some backstory,  some of what was alluded to in that commercial that I played.
  Intergalactic Wars have robbed my planet  of all color and life.
  So we are here to take yours.
  I don't know that I would come to a fountain show to take color.
  I might go to like a paint factory or a museum.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  That's where you would, yeah.
  Or, yeah, rainbow.
  The painted desert.
  That's good, yeah.
  Again, I hate to keep going back to this well.
  Skittles factory.
  When it's, that's great.
  In It's Magical, the Tokyo Disney show, Maleficent shows up  and just pretty much goes like, I'll take your color,  or like, I'll show you color.
  And, you know, it's Maleficent.
  You know, it's just evil.
  It's just a shitty thing.
  Like, the space witch with wars on cosmic planets.
  It's like, I think you've written yourself into a corner.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Though, I mean, quickly.
  But even that, that's a key couple seconds to explain all that.
  And then also the fountain.
  We don't know why she wants the fountain.
  That's just like extra.
  And I might as well throw that in the cart too.
  Yeah.
  And that one really, Minnie is so hurt by this.
  No.
  No.
  Very fraught.
  Yeah, she's very.
  I mean, the craziest line comes in a little while.
  There's probably the, maybe one of the craziest things Mickey  has ever said, but.
  Is it about magic?  Well, no, it's, we'll get to it.
  Yeah.
  Because there's a fight.
  There's some fighting.
  Earlier in the show, he goes, Minnie, you look great.
  This is nice.
  They're complementing each other.
  There's a little something on it, though,  that I felt like was too, too bawdy.
  Come on.
  Can't say what you look nice.
  Well, at the end of the show, she says, what a mouse.
  But like the recording of the line  makes it sounds like she said, what a mouth.
  And I was like, what the fuck?  Mickey Mouse.
  Oh, I've been meaning to say that here's a little drop this  that Rucy Taylor, I believe, passed away.
  The one time voice of me.
  I was talking to my friend's dad,  who did a lot of animation work in the late 70s, early 80s,  who not for Disney, but other things,  Rucy Taylor was around a lot.
  He was very fond of her.
  Like, oh, she's the coolest ever to work with.
  But apparently, extremely profane.
  Wow.
  Just constantly just like, and I  would have to apologize in front of my friend who  was a child at the time.
  Just like, oh, god damn, motherfucker.
  OK, shit.
  Oh, sorry to do that in front of you.
  OK, try that again.
  So the voice of Minnie would drop a lot of bombs.
  That's great.
  That's a great piece of insider info.
  Yeah, Walt, again, Walt's spinning in the grave  when you tell that.
  But he should have, while he wasn't around,  if somebody had vetted her.
  Right.
  We've hired a profanator to voice our beloved mouse.
  That's right.
  So anyways, well, what I was going to say,  all right, so the scary sorceress is struck.
  And then Mickey says, I've got a little magic of my own.
  Guards!  And then so by magic, he means private security.
  Hired guns.
  Hired guns with spears.
  Hells angels?  Like giant stamps.
  Giant stamps with silver Mickey heads on the top.
  And a massive change from the original Tokyo production.
  They are coordinated stilt walkers.
  Oh, you're right.
  The stilts were not in the, yeah.
  The stilts were not in.
  And yeah.
  Make your weapons in my image.
  I want people to get stabbed with my face.
  This is my rifle.
  This is my gun.
  This is for fighting.
  This is for fun.
  Yeah, but Mickey, wouldn't it be more if you literally have,  you have a blunt shape of a head, but wouldn't you rather have points  than your, because a point could impale somebody that's better than,  I mean, I'm just asking, do you want us to make it a spear more  so than your round head?  I want them bludgeoned, not impaled.
  Listen to me.
  It's like a hammer, not a knife.
  OK, just don't bludgeon me.
  OK, I'll get right on it.
  Yeah, weapons made in his image.
  They stomp out.
  But then the unnamed sorceress has the ultimate ace up her sleeve  and up through the opposing planter behind plants.
  The planter.
  And it doesn't look imagineered or anything like, oh,  something's coming out of that.
  It is just some bushes.
  Like it would be in an office park.
  Warner Center in Woodland Hills is what it looks like.
  What were the kids who like this was their thing?  This was a thing they had to do or they had a VHS tape of I think I saw someone  say this was broadcast on Disney Channel at some point.
  What was this like?  Were they scarred by like, I can't go by that planter,  like just in their neighborhood, like I can't go by his plans.
  There might be a thing.
  So up rises from the planter a giant robotic dinosaur.
  It's so crazy.
  There's a lot of details to talk about here.
  One, the so it is robotic, but a lot of the head is flesh.
  Right.
 But the lower the bottom jaw is metallic.
  So he's kind of it's sort of a bionic dinosaur.
  There is an angle that the very, very Merry Christmas Parade has  that is up behind his head.
  And that gives you an especially good look that he has an exposed brain.
  There is just pure open brain.
  And from that angle, you can also see that it's kind of this plugs kind of shoved in there.
  So this dinosaur is jacked in like the matrix.
  Right.
 This is a it's a very disturbing.
  Do we think that they've grown the brain?  Because I think dinosaur and this could be wrong, but isn't dinosaurs like would have  like a T-Rex would have a smaller, smallish brain for its skull.
  That could actually be wrong.
  But I've heard it somewhere when I was probably a kid.
  Do we think this is the T-Rex's brain that has grown or the implanted?  I think they've implanted like a big brain into it.
  I could be wrong.
  Hmm.
 But I don't know.
  And I don't think the narrative explains.
  So I see.
 I see.
 Because dinosaurs are small.
  Yeah.
 So they grew an extra big brain or some sort of a giant alien.
  Yeah.
 And they've implanted.
  They might give him greater powers, although because he moves really slow and does not speak.
  So he's smarter from the design flaws with whatever this experiment, which is what it is.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I he looks awesome.
  Yeah.
 Let's be clear.
  His head looks awesome.
  Yeah.
 The body, they kind of give up a little bit.
  They give it up.
 So it looks like a head, a spine, a rib cage that it's opened out and nothing else.
  Yeah.
 Is that your theme?  Because I was at that question is the metal on his body, is it a bunch of little arms  with no hands or is that a flailed out rib cage?  I think it's that.
 My question was, is this the design on paper or did they start building it?  Go, you know what? Looks good enough.
  Yeah.
 Let's scrap it.
 Let's leave it there and let's just leave it as is.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Maybe there were more parts, but they were a little bit again, clock sticking.
  We got to get this thing.
  Now storyline rise.
 The rest of them could have just been blown off in the many wars,  cosmic wars that have been going on.
  Yes.
 Clearly battle damaged.
 Did we say the name of this dinosaur officially?  Well, I know what it is.
 I don't know how to say it.
  Yes.
 This is an impossible mystery.
  Well, yeah, I have it written down.
  Let's all just try.
  Okay.
 Hold on.
  You got it? Yeah.
 Tell me when.
  One, two, three.
  Terra Sox.
 Terra Sox.
  Terra So.
  We landed around the same thing.
 Terra So.
  Yeah.
 Terra So.
  It's probably not so because the X is uppercased.
  I think it's an X in the place of Russ.
  Yes.
 The X is uppercase.
 I think they want you to say X.
  There's no R.
  Okay.
  But if it was a lowercase X, it would be like Terra So.
  Terra So.
  But that's not what it is.
 I think it's like Terra So.
  Terra Soar, but with an X at the end is what we're.
  Terra So.
  There should be an R in there.
 That's the problem.
  Yeah.
  It would be easy.
 There should be an R and then a dash.
  Terra Soar X.
  That's better.
  That would be better.
 Yeah.
  Terra So X.
  Terra So X.
  Terra So X.
  I got used to it.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 We got it.
 We knew we had to muscle through it.
  Terra So.
  We're all dreading this coming in the notes.
 Terra So X.
  Yeah.
 So terrifying in his appearance and spelling.
 Terra So X shows up and oh my God.
  To be, I mean, I think a kid would have been very scared of this.
  It's big.
 Yeah.
  And it's three stories tall.
  I think it looks like that.
  Well, it means business and it looks good when they film it  cinematically in that commercial that I played earlier.
  I mean, you think this is going to be the best show you've ever seen.
  Oh, yeah.
  You're zooming a camera in and out, but just the way that it is kind of in nature  is sort of it's just distant.
 It's in a planter.
  And that hurts it.
 These aliens should have found.
  I mean, I guess they needed a place to hide, but maybe they should have just  like crashed into the center of the stage.
 But instead, I don't know.
  It is what it is.
 And Terra So X, you know, Mickey thinks he hasn't handled with the Chrome  Army, but Terra So X shows up.
 And I think now I bet I know what you're going to say.
  Well, the stormtroopers take their staffs and shoot sparks at him.
  That does nothing.
  They all they all do.
 Yeah.
 Much like our modern police, they all attempt to do section.
  No, not sorry.
 Further than our modern police, they attempt to do something.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 They actually do something.
  One by one, they fail.
 And then but then Mickey's got to.
  Yeah.
 So Mickey has a solution.
 He he says, quick, mini, give me the exterminator.
  Is that one of the weirdest Mickey lines I've ever given the exterminate? And she hands him like.
  You know, like they're doing a gender reveal party and they shoot the like blue  like dust out of like a hand-held like cannon.
 That's sort of what this is, I feel.
  In its magical, he uses a whirligig, uses a pinwheel that shoots sparks.
 He comes back  later and uses a sword, little cleaner.
 And this it's an exterminate, which is just a crazy  staff looking thing that also seems to shoot, shoot spark or sparks appear somewhere.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Mickey's got the exterminate.
 This is cannon Mickey has something he knows  about.
 They've talked about it.
 Yes.
 It's like the fantastic four has a thing called the ultimate  nullifier, which is just a little handheld box that supposedly is the only thing that can kill  the mighty Galactus.
 And it's just a McGuffin.
 It's like the Maltese Falcon or whatever they're  chasing in North by Northwest.
 It's just like an all powerful thing, but you never quite see it do  anything, you know? Yeah.
 Well, not this.
 You see, you see the Mickey exterminator and what the  exterminator does is like shoot a flare into the pterosoics is just, it's just like shooting him  in the gut.
 This is, I heard where the exterminator Mickey gifted it to Bob J.
 Peck and he's got it  now in the office.
 So if that executive he just fired tries to get in, do try to come back.
  Mickey, give me the exterminator.
  Glad somebody finally appreciates the power of this thing.
 They only let me use it once in Epcot.
  Cam the show cause they said it was scary and weird.
 I don't think so.
 I used to ask for it.
  I took it down to Church Street station, got free drinks all night, baby.
 It's like a firework show  basically.
 Yeah, it's deadly, but it also looks cool.
 It's just to shoot this thing at Chippendale  if they messed up their lines.
 Shoot at those varmints.
 You want an exterminator around to shoot  at the varmints.
 Space varmints.
 You don't want to ban this.
 Where is your space varmints then?  In Florida there's snakes that can swim.
 Do you know how fucked up that is?  Just thinking about it makes me sick.
 The exterminator.
 Really? How did that make it?  Even in that year? Then our all-American hero asks his live-in girlfriend to hand him a big  staff called the exterminator.
 Hey, Nanny, you look smoking hot today.
 Give me the exterminator.
  Look, the costumes are done.
 The costumes are done.
 The Thanksgiving holiday weekend's coming  up.
 Let's just get the show on.
 Babe, babe, babe, give me the exterminator.
 We're in a wrestling  submit in the bushes.
 I think it's an alien again.
 No, it could just be, it might just be a mouse.
  You're a mouse.
 You don't want to shoot a mouse.
 Yeah, I do.
 That fucking mouse, he's dead to me.
  He's exterminated.
 The show must go on.
 They skip the addition by subtraction past of the script.
  The past where you remove things to enhance the show, not add more things.
  Where's that Mortimer? Where's that Mortimer that's been courting you?  Give me the exterminator.
 Mickey, no.
 Mickey, please.
 Please.
 He's nice.
 He's harmless.
  You can't fire that thing that close.
 Think about it.
 What put it into pterosaurics?  Go make him go soak his head.
 Pluto, get over there and put this apple on your head.
  I'm fine.
 I really wish to drink.
 My name's Craneer.
 Watch.
 I didn't shoot the dog, okay?  Making you drink from the fountain.
 Don't be mad.
 You've been drinking from the fountain again.
  You've gone crazy with the fountain water.
 The colors are perfectly natural.
 It's  portable.
 It's portable wire.
 Mickey is the lizard queen.
  This is our Mickey.
 Drunken 3 a.
m.
 This is a window into the Mickey that we want.
 That's the Mickey  of Epcot 94.
 Mickey shoots a space dinosaur in the chest who slowly crumbles back into the planner  he came from.
 That's insane.
 I don't remember what becomes of the sorceress, the unnamed sorceress,  after that.
 Well, doesn't she zap Mickey and he drops in a trap door? Oh yeah, Mickey does disappear.
  And that's when she takes the cherry picker.
 She takes it.
 I am taking this thing for a ride.
  And she is this thing that is much lower tech than what I, a veteran of intergalactic space wars,  want the cherry picker.
 There's one thing I want more on this earth than colors.
 I want to see the  tops of the central air conditioning units.
 I want to see with all the bird splats.
 I want to  replace a billboard.
 One ad with another.
 The only way I can do it is with this cherry picker.
  I need to be high.
 I have plastering work I want to do.
 She's fun by the way.
 I really want to say she's got a  lot of energy, really gesturing wildly.
 She's talking like this and I'm so evil.
 Very reader  repulsa.
 Yes.
 Extremely reader.
 Not as shrewd.
 Very reader repulsa.
 The maleficent, there's like  two maleficents clearly in the It's Magical show.
 And the one who appears on the balcony twice in  the show, that must have been an easy gig.
 Because you appear at the beginning, you step backstage,  and then you come out at the end and go like, ah! And that's- Did that do a big break in there?  If somebody were to draw a Nancy cartoon of you watching that, it would be like you're watching it  and you go hmm.
 And you think about it and like you're now maleficent.
 Like you walk out,  you walk back, and then you just go and collect your check.
 You're like, I have a glass of lemonade  backstage.
 While the other maleficent walks in, sweat on the brow.
 Ah! I was hoofing at that  whole time.
 God.
 I'm calling for fan art in the style of the Nancy comic strip.
 Why has there  never been Jason in the style of Nancy? Yeah, really.
 Boy.
 Jason is sluggo.
 Often I'm, yeah,  characterized as sluggo.
 But I'd be happy to be Nancy in this case.
 Jason fantasizing about  the maleficent job where you just have to sit, stand on a balcony.
 We make the same money  to the other maleficent.
 We make the same amount.
  The shitty break room with two maleficents.
 Maybe they switched off each performance.
  Oh, my back's a little achy today.
 Can I do balcony?  Are you okay? I'll wait for you next time.
 Don't worry about it.
 Throat's a little scratch.
 I  don't really want to sing.
 Can I just do balcony tonight? Would that be a big problem?  So then I truly don't know what happens to the wit.
 I assume she falls into that trap door.
  But quickly, this is all over and it's resolved.
 And then there's a song.
 It's like Mickey makes  your dreams come true with the exterminator.
 Yeah.
 Well, Mickey comes back out with an unmentioned,  I guess, broad magic wand, shoots sparks at her and that gets her.
 Okay.
 Again, pinwheel to sword,  little cleaner than exterminator to unnamed item.
 So what happened to this witch was she's fought  in many, many wars.
 The wars have eroded the color from her planet.
 And she, there's probably a lot  of like, you have to do something, do something.
 You who shall not be named.
 I will.
 You don't  think I have a plan.
 I'm going to Orlando.
 I looked it up on Google maps.
 There's a bunch of  color in there.
 I saw the overhead.
 It's going to work great.
 What if you encounter a, what if  you encounter a mouse with a, with an extermination wand? Don't, don't shut up in Orlando.
 Hardly.
  I'm more scared if he has a second unnamed one.
 That's the bigger problem.
  He's going to, if the, if this supposed, if this hypothetical mouse has an exterminator,  he's going to blow all the extermination juice on pterosaurics here.
 That's pretty good.
 I mean,  a couple of the dancers all come back with brightly colored butterfly wings.
 I don't know why they  didn't do shit during this big fight scene.
 They're not war.
 They're not guards.
 They're not warriors.
  I guess those wings aren't practical, but then at the end, Mickey stands in center stage and there's  a bunch of fog or mist and stuff and he disappears in a puff of smoke.
 He goes through the trap door,  which looks pretty cool.
 And it closed.
 Yeah.
 What's the implication or the implication there  though? That he's like magic.
 He's magic.
 Yeah.
 He turned into what he was water.
 He turned into  vapor.
 I'm vapor now.
 Yeah.
 It shows water and color.
 What do you care? What is business is yours?  You don't have the exterminator.
 You're not holding the exterminator in this conversation.
  Don't make me turn into vapor again.
 Hey Minnie, you're turning into mist.
 Let's get  mist.
 Let's come.
 Let's merge our mist.
 Let's do it misty style.
 What a mouse.
 What a mouse.
  Okay.
 We have to, we get, well, let's wind this down, but I, did you guys find the other,  the epilogue, if you can imagine that the insanity is not over.
 I think I know what you're talking  about.
 I think I banged the epilogue for later.
 The Tomorrowland show.
 That's what you're talking  about, right? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But we gotta bring it up.
 Yeah.
 We can bring it up, but I was like,  oh, this is 25 minutes.
 No, it is a full episode.
 Sadly, it's a full episode.
 All right.
 Okay.
 But  here's what happened.
 This show closed after seven months.
 And then what I didn't know is that over  in Tomorrowland, a couple months later, that all the same costumes started appearing in an outdoor  show there in the magic kingdom called galaxy search.
 This was a star search, but for inter  galactic acts.
 It is a, it lends itself to lines like ladies and gentlemen, many on the robots.
  And then she does, she performs Aritha Franklin's respect with a bunch of robots with weird  featureless dark heads.
 And what this builds to is that goofy brings on his singing partner,  which is a big robotic dinosaur, a familiar looking, big robotic dinosaur.
 But in this case,  it is further modified with Elvis glasses, glasses with Elvis's glasses.
 Elvis's famous glasses,  triple glasses and an Elvis wig referred to as the king.
 And they do a duet of,  I just want to be your teddy bear.
 Oh yeah.
 I just want to be your teddy bear.
 Yeah.
  Did goofy mostly sing because everybody's scared of the dinosaur, but then goofy mostly sing.
  This is so insane now.
 Goofy mostly sings it, but sometimes the robot, the dinosaur robot Elvis  will just go like, I just want to be your teddy bear.
 Yeah, that's right.
 That's what I'm saying.
  And that's something that happened at Disneyland or Disney world.
 I will say this, that feels like  a 90s show to me, not splash tecular.
 That feels 80s to me.
 It feels like they have repurposed all  of this stuff for a dumb sounding 90s show, which I do.
 I did not watch all of it, but I saw the  highlights.
 But yeah, I didn't know that existed.
 I had no idea.
 No idea.
 Yeah.
 And we don't like,  so you got sunny eclipse and then a few feet over a big robot dinosaur with an exposed brain is also  Elvis in a, in an intergalactic star search.
 What a time it is.
 I think maybe I need to declare with  all this, that Disney world peaked in 94.
 It never got better.
 And these shows, people actually sat  and watched sunny eclipse and not just the weirdos among us who remember this is all the  insane stuff ever.
 This was great.
 I love it.
 Yeah.
 And I'm always happy they do live entertainment.
  Again, I don't know if it's the biggest, like we need to get more people here driver, but I think  people are really happy.
 Like as the parks reopened, like, Oh, good live entertainment's coming back.
  It does add something to the park.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Did you guys see that then  Terris Sox is just rotting in the botanicals.
 This is with dramatic lighting, like with like in  the sunset.
 Oh my God.
 This was just, I think if you worked at Disney world until like 2006  and you parked in the employee parking, you would pass by this, this non-moving dinosaur robot.
 And  most people didn't know what it was because nobody remembered splash tackler just sat there rusting  away for a long time.
 And I get the magic that even when it's gone, even that at one point,  yeah, I work at a place where I parked my car and then there's a rusty dinosaur dying in the Florida  humidity.
 I did not have any idea about that.
 Don't ever let your union strike cause Disney's  negotiator is Tara.
 So X watch out equity.
 Watch out AFL CIO teamsters.
  I'm going to say this.
 This is how I feel after at the end of this year.
 This is my favorite thing.
  We've talked about it in months.
 I love this.
 I found it funny and I've liked on spooling this.
  I don't know how the audience feels.
 I love the show.
 You know what I love? The only thing  that I was lacking and I guess we didn't even really talk about it as much as the music isn't  as good as I would want it to be.
 It's pretty generic.
 It's pretty generic Disney.
 If the music  were like a little bit better, I think I would completely agree with you.
 I only have like 75%  agree with you because yes, aesthetically, yeah.
 Aesthetically.
 Yeah.
 Like if yeah, aesthetically  it's right up my alley.
 As I said on the power Rangers episode, like  is my favorite genre of any entertainment.
 So we've got that.
 We've got very cool looking  Mickey's guards.
 It feels like some crazy nonsense.
 Even like sometimes when you see some,  and I have not really played the kingdom hearts games, but I do like the idea of like the  recontextualization of the Disney characters in this bizarre like other narrative.
 I like that.
  So I like a similar way.
 We're like Mickey has guards for no reason.
 Like I like the idea of  this bizarre reality.
 And yeah, it's all it's it's great.
 It's great.
 I love that.
 There's people  that are like, oh, not really Disney people, but who, when I was 13, I know everything about kingdom  hearts.
 Yeah, I know people mentioned kingdom hearts and I got close to playing it.
 It's hard  with video game.
 I have, I have switched and I have a PS five, but it's like, it takes me a lot  to get really invested.
 If it's news, big Zelda, I'll do it.
 If it's a new big Mario, like the main  Mario three D games, I will do all of it.
 I was never an RPG guy, but like whoever was like,  we should mash up final fantasy with Disney stuff.
 Like whoever probably deserves a lot of money,  like just the right time where all that could happen.
 And there's multiple games.
 I mean,  there's certainly stuff for us to investigate there because I bet we would find some weirdness  like this.
 Moments that yeah, yeah.
 What Mickey does what? Yeah.
 Well, let us know any alert us  to anything, especially crazy and just play in the marbles, but does it top the exterminator is,  is the exterminator one of the craziest things? It's crazy.
 Yeah.
 He's done like right along,  along with yelling, okay, you asked for it.
 Yeah, we're discovered.
 We just keep peeling back  layers of men.
 And I hope that this is our best defense against being accused of being Disney  adults that it's not like, I just love him and I want to hug him and I want him to be at my  foodless, barless wedding.
 I can't even, if you're, if you're a regular per or like,  like you're a little internet savvy and just like every, you know, you like to read about movies  and TV and stuff.
 And then every now and then you just come across something like I spent all my  money on Mickey and Minnie for my wedding.
 There's no food.
 Like, yeah, you're going to be a little  weirded out.
 That's kind of weird.
 And religious studies professor who's like, let's not pathologize  this.
 I was like, you are being very weird professor.
 Like you are weird.
 Strangest defense.
  Now hang on.
 Let me defend the people who didn't get food at a wedding or a bar at a wedding,  but instead get, got Mickey and Minnie to take pictures with them for half an hour.
 And then  when pressed on this, their defense was wait, there were vending machines.
 Oh man.
 I missed  that was in their posts.
 They're like the grounds of the hotel had plenty of vending machines.
  The guests could have helped themselves to three months old son chips, which is, should be anyone's  expectation at a wedding.
 Is that bait? It was that, it was that fake.
 I, you know, maybe the  religious professor who's like, I have studied this and it's sort of like a religion.
 I'm like,  no, no.
 I like tapped out of the thread, like three tweets in.
 I was like, professor, no,  what are you doing? I realized this might not be the best argument that I'm making, but I just don't  cause I don't like being tossed into that Disney adult box.
 And I hope that it helps that my Mickey  is murderous and holds an extermination rod.
 I think that, look, I, I, I hear what you're saying  and I agree with what you're saying, but when you come before the judge and the judge looks at the  number of episodes you've done on Disney related content, I think, unfortunately, allow me to make  this argument.
 There are so many episodes that have nothing to do with theme parks.
 I'm aware  that we get away from the stated topic for hours at a time.
 The judge is going to have to be a  listener in order for him to understand the nuances of this or he or her, they, if we are judged in  the kingdom of heaven, yeah, I thought you were talking about St.
 Peter.
 St.
 Peter is going to  listen to every episode of podcast, the ride and from that determine.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So anything's  possible.
 And then he's, then he speed listens.
 Hmm.
 I see.
 And then speaks.
 Okay.
 You ask for it  and cast us to hell.
 Well, you survived podcast, the ride.
 Thanks for subscribing to the second  game.
 Hey, if you want to dig even deeper, join us on our new picture on tier club three, where you  get one more bonus episode every month chosen by you, the audience and our regular episodes ad free.
  That's just three more dollars a month.
 Uh, on one of these places, we will be doing starlight express  sooner and later.
 That's, uh, yeah, cause we don't, I don't want to say goodbye to chrome soldiers.
  No, not anytime soon.
 Nope.
