 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains a nightmarish RV campground, vitamin talk, men  in the concrete business, and a wide ranging look at themed entertainment featuring the  Flintstones.
  Hello, Dum Dum.
  It's Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Pod Rock The Ride, a Pod Rock about themosaurus parks hosted by three cavemen  in the year 30,000 BC.
  I'm Scott Graniter, joined of course by Mike Carlstone.
  Hello.
  Hello, how are you?  Oh, yabba dabba doo to you.
  Yabba dabba doo to you.
  And yabba dabba doo as well to Jason Shelidon.
  Sure, yeah, I'm glad you had something, because I was coming up short.
  Why, can we do it again, because I've already forgot who everyone's.
  I'm Scott Graniter, and you are Mike Carlstone.
  Carlstone, okay, got it.
  And that's Jason Shelidon.
  Oh, yeah, okay, got it.
  I'm going to forget it in five minutes, but I love it.
  I don't know that it'll come up again.
  That's a good point.
  I don't think it'll be, yeah, I won't.
  Although now I'm tempted to, to just like quiz.
  We don't really like address each other by full names generally on the show once we get  rolling.
  No, I'd say only if there's some, it's like an issue about like hotel booking.
  It's like something really mundane, and that will provoke Jason to say Michael.
  That's true, yes.
  He's in his most parental.
  Save $30, Michael!  His most parental tone, he will scold me by using my full name.
  Yes, that is true.
  That's going to happen.
  And we'll see if it happens today, please use my full Flintstone-ified name.
  Which was Michael Carlstone?  Carlstone, I believe.
  Carlstone, yeah, yeah.
  That's pretty clean.
  Scott Granator.
  Granator, which is a Ninja Turtle character.
  Oh, really?  Which is one of the Dimension X rock soldiers, so I will not forget this anytime soon.
  Oh, so it's good, it helps.
  It's great.
  It's not like a double up.
  I mean, you're stealing from the most beloved IP in my mind of all time, but that's okay.
  You're stealing valor.
  You're stealing Turtles valor.
  Stealing Dimension X valor.
  Well, I was, because it could have been Graveler, too, so if I need to switch.
  No, I think keep it as is.
  Okay, okay.
  Oh, and you know what, I also wanted to thank the long-horned bird who was recording everything  that we say, who's pecking it onto a big, a round tablet, and that is how people will  be listening to this here at Forever Dino Studios.
  We've got a video version running, if people want to check that out, on the YouTube, and  I think it'll be a good one for it, because we were packed to the gills with visual aids  for this one.
  It seems important, I guess it struck us all, because today we're talking about the Flintstones.
  The Flintstones, as they appear in the world of theme parks, which is oddly a lot, I think  we found.
  Yes.
  And it's all over the theme park universe.
  So this is just, this is a grab bag of all the weird ways that the, our old pals, America's  favorite prehistoric family.
  Yes.
  Beating out who?  People in, there's like in Spaceship Earth, there's like cave drawing robots.
  Yeah.
  They're out.
  Did you guys like the Flintstones growing up?  Yes.
  Yeah, I did too.
  Scott?  Yeah, I guess so, but I was wondering like, where, how did I see it, where did I see it,  it seems like it was just kind of ingested into the, injected into the bloodstream.
  Yeah, I mean, syndication I think plays a big part.
  It's kind of ubiquitous, it's just like around, in addition to syndication, Flintstones vitamins  growing up.
  Well that, I think that's maybe my most serious.
  Pebbles, cereals.
  Yeah.
  Fruity Pebbles is my number one.
  Sure.
  Flintstones vitamins number two, then the actual show, the Flintstones is number three,  I think.
  Yeah.
  I think.
  Or no, Flintstones, the movie Flintstones with the Jetsons is number three.
  Then the show Flintstones.
  What about Push-Up Pops, do you remember those?  Oh, Push Pops.
  Orange Push Pops.
  Re-changing my lineup.
  Yep, do it again.
  Fruity Pebbles, Flintstones vitamins, Flintstones, no Push Pops, Flintstones Jetsons, then the  regular show, then Flintstones kids, the kids show from the 90s.
  Was, were they kids or is that where Bam Bam and Pebbles are teenagers?  Oh, that's a, I think they're.
  That's a different, I think that's different.
  Let me look.
  There's a kids, there's definitely one where they're all like, where it's Fred and Wilma  and they're like six years old.
  Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
  As opposed to later years where Pebbles and Bam Bam get married.
  Different show, Flintstones kids, I'm looking here, these are toys I had because they were  on discount.
  And these are when they were children.
  So Pebbles and Bam Bam have not been conceived.
  They have not been, they're just an idea.
  No, because all the current, all the people we know are babies, which of course is a different  timeline than the one where Fred and Wilma meet.
  Wait no, they might not meet.
  I think, is it Barney?  The Viva Rock Vegas prequel timeline, which I think doesn't pair them up.
  I think you see them both, both pairs get together in that movie.
  So they didn't, if they knew each other as babies, they all forgot.
  Right, yes.
  We're going to have to keep amending these lists because I think we'll remember more  Flintstones stuff as we go.
  Because now I'm just remembering the Flintstones McDonald menu when the first movie came out.
  And I believe like glasses they had like in the same Batman Forever style, they had Flintstone  glasses.
  And before I saw the movie, I was so excited to see the Flintstones movie.
  I think the Flintstones movie was one I knew was around, I knew about it.
  But I feel like everyone in my family, Scott, much like your family, it's saying like maybe  skip Power Rangers.
  I think everyone was kind of like, oh yeah, I don't know about that.
  Yeah, I think I can pass on this one.
  Now I'm like, I think I would probably like it more because there's Kyle McLaughlin in it.
  Yeah, that's great.
  And he's pretty good.
  And John Goodman, of course.
  Yeah, yeah, it's great actors.
  That's true.
  Entire Elizabeth Perkins, it is like super stacked with great people.
  Jonathan Winters.
  Oh, yeah.
  Terrific.
  Yeah.
  The movie made me feel odd as a little kid.
  I felt weird watching it and not just there's like some sexy Halle Berry stuff.
  Anytime you were in the theater with your parents, I've said this boy Ace Ventura, it's just like  I was being like attacked.
  I was just like, get me out of here.
  And I don't even remember what it is in Flintstones movie.
  She's kind of like sidling up to him.
  Yeah, like a sexy sax will start playing.
  Yeah, Sharon Stone, of course.
  Sharon Stone, right.
  Anytime in a movie when I before the age of like 15, if a sexy saxophone played, boy,  was I uncomfortable.
  Boy, was that I had to get out.
  If my parents were in the room, forget it.
  I was mortified.
  And what instrument did you play in marching band trumpet?  You not so you avoid it.
  The saxophone, not that lascivious saxophone, not that slinky sultry.
  No trumpet is stiff.
  Yes, that's an instrument.
  That's a regular instrument for chase young men.
  That's a monogamous instrument for marriage, for when it's a marriage between you and the  trumpet.
 And it's something that, you know, it's for its conservative values.
  That's what I thought when I started playing it.
  Is the trumpet the one that plays like, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then,  then? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Not a very that's the bugle.
  Oh, you're right.
 OK.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It's the yeah, it's the same fingerings.
  Well, see, you manage to sexualize and can I, Brett, can you bring up this picture,  the Katie group photo picture I sent?  And again, we sent approximately seventy five.
  I sent seventeen between photos and videos.
  So I have a big memory is the characters, the Hanna-Barbera characters at King's  Dominion and at the Paramount Parks, like even pre Paramount ownership,  King's Dominion, Kings Island, the Hanna-Barbera characters were there.
  And there was this image of a bunch of them hanging out.
  This.
 Oh, I see.
  It's it's Fred and Barney and Yogi and Scooby and Hong Kong, Hong Kong,  Fooey and then is that Captain Caveman?  Yes.
 Yeah.
  And this was on all of their like promotional material brochures and stuff.
  And this was just seared in my mind before a lot of extended relatives.
  Why? What about this?  Because all my friends are there.
  All my pals from television are there.
  Captain Caveman, one of your good friends.
  But Barney is it because so so just to describe to the listener,  because we are back on video if you want to switch over and look at some of this,  because again, we have a hundred photos.
  But Barney is got his arms outstretched.
  He's about to like welcome you with a warm hug.
  Captain Caveman looks weird and he's making some weird symbol,  which I don't even know what that is.
  And then a lot of waves like Yogi's waving, Fred's waving Scooby.
  Fred looks like a kind of a triumph.
  Yeah, we did.
 Yeah.
  Fist in the air.
  But it's stuff we like.
  They are all hanging out in the park.
  They all work in the park.
 They live in the park.
  It's stuff we like.
  We love it.
 We love that.
  We do love it.
  There was this other ad to Brett.
  Could you play that video ad I sent?  And this this was, I think, a big  I think we'll all recognize it as soon as we see it.
  But this was a big, big part of your brain.
  For loving me.
 Yeah.
  Hannah Barbera and.
  Yeah, if Flintstones in general,  it's funny because there's we realizing slowly now that we've ingested  so much Flintstones in our many years, but none of it is like  so incredible that we are like we do.
  We love Flintstones more than like the Mack tonight commercials from McDonald's.
  No, no, I don't.
  But yeah, and look how quickly we were willing to sell out the show.
  Like that was the point.
  And the show is fine.
 I don't think the show is bad or anything.
  But it definitely it always was around.
  It was like elevator music or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, this is this is an older ad.
  But I think we all know lunch is over.
  Now back to work.
  Hi, Mr.
 Flintstone.
  Greetings, Rocky, my boy, Packer Winston's.
  Please.
 Oh, you.
  And cigarettes, Mr.
 Flintstone.
  Oh, real cigarette.
  They really got so huge.
  It's half of his face.
  You really enjoy smoking.
  No, it's what's up front.
  Yeah, Scott, it's up.
  That's where we're.
  Steps out ahead of the crowd with their exclusive blend.
  Choice, golden tobacco's specially selected and specially processed  for filters.
  Well, hold it.
 Hold it.
  You know what you mean?  What are you pitching Winston's at me for?  You know, I never smoke nothing else.
  Just practicing, Mr.
 Flintstone.
  Everybody knows that Winston tastes good like a cigarette.
  Of course.
 See you soon.
  Clap Jason's whole like comedic voice is basically based on this commercial.
  Yeah, kind of.
 I forgot about it.
  I'd forgotten the details.
  And then I was like, wait, what's in this Flintstone sell cigarettes back in the six?  And the answer is yes, there is multiple ones because they were.
  Yeah, they were like a prime time cartoon, which was unheard of at the time.
  Yeah, it was like a cartoon for adults, even though you watch it.
  And there's nothing like obviously there wasn't a lot of crazy stuff  on regular live action prime time.
  But it's all 60 years old.
  The more also is yes.
  This came on in 1960.
  Yeah.
 62.
  So like my mom was a big Flintstones person.
  I don't know that she has like quotes ever, like in the same way that Simpsons,  you go, remember that moment, but she just liked the Flintstones a lot.
  So well, there's one quote that just I feel like I say once a week.
  It is.
 It already is a Jason drinking game.
  I feel like you will never miss an opportunity.
  That's true.
 It's a living.
  But I don't even think that looms large.
  I think that looms large for like our generation.
  It's a kind of ironic.
  Yes.
 Way a little bit.
  Yeah, exactly.
 I would love to know the count on that, by which we mean  this is like the the birds who are the slaves, essentially of the all the cavemen.
  That that's something they will say like when they have to do something very unglamorous.
  Like they're like the dishwasher, like they're a dishwasher, the garbage disposal,  or like birds are basically in place of a machine that would do some work.
  And then you like see the like pain on the bird's face as the bird turns to the camera,  breaks the fourth wall and says, it's a living.
  Yeah, this is one of those like, do you think that was said 70 times or once?  I have no clue.
 I can't.
 I have zero.
  I know.
 Yeah, because it might have been once and it was like memed in a way.
  I think it's like every other episode.
 Really?  I feel like it's a go to.
  Interesting.
 I would love to know the full count or if there's a super cut or  we'll investigate this further.
  Well, I'm sure we'll get like a Flintstones fan that we're going to get a lot of  information wrong today and we'll get some some notes.
  Yeah.
 So we apologize.
 We're not Flintstone experts.
  Will we or like would we have if that person hadn't died  three, two years ago?  The first Clinton administration.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  That's a good point.
 There are a state will send us a letter correcting us.
  Yeah.
 Speaking of getting things wrong, can you bring up that Kings Island brochure?  This is actually an opening brochure of Kings Island.
  So they had the Hanna Barbera characters and it's got a feature  that I just really like about like old school printing.
  You kind of saw it in like the costume characters, too, where like, oh, the fabric.
  They seemed like they ran out of the one color fabric.
  So they just cheat it like the five o'clock shadow.
  If you'll notice, pink Fred with a white mouth.
  Whoa, with white eyes into white  nose into white five o'clock shadow.
  Yeah.
 And Scooby is there and Yogi is there.
  And then who are those? The banana splits.
  Banana splits.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah.
 And then a really scary like raid.
  This is like a ground zero kind of like it's like a military  attack map, like they're going to drop bombs on risk.
  Kings Island in Ohio risk.
  It's a scary bullseye.
  It gets like more red as it goes.
  You know, 1972, all those conspiracy movies are coming out.
  They're like government  parallax, you know, marathon man.
  Yeah.
 It's the style, you know.
  Yeah.
 So so there's so much Flintstones everywhere.
  It's been with us for so long.
  And I guess we'll never leave  because there's going to be more more stuff.
  We haven't even talked about, I think, our favorite Flintstones character at all,  which is, of course, great.
  Zoo.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was going to I was thinking how this was going to go.
  That like I'm sure we've talked about it before, but it did occur to me like I bet  Mike and Jason inordinately love great.
  Of course.
 100 percent.
  He's our favorite.
 He's our favorite character.
  And what is the how long did great?  Zoo.
 How long was he a presence?  Well, he's a leader season.
 I don't have the stats.
  I'm sorry.
 A state of man.
  Harvey Korman.
 It was Harvey Korman.
  But I was going to apologize to the Flintstone expert that kind of like the  the deceased died 30 years ago.
  Yeah.
 Harvey Korman also probably kind of like a cousin Oliver.
  Yeah.
 A late period.
  And more committed to and probably maybe more like than cousin.
  Yeah.
 Cause it doesn't all of a really thrown away.
  Yeah.
 Well, there's also stuff in comics of like like Batman has a  kind of great gazoo called Batman.
  Superman has Mr.
 Mixy as Pitalik.
  He's from the fourth dimension.
  Most complicated word.
  It's hard to say.
 Yeah, it's really hard to say.
  And Gilbert Godfrey voiced him on the animated.
  It's a trope.
 I wonder why.
  It's a trope in fiction of like a weird little guy.
  Magical man who annoys the shit out of you constantly and can do anything.
  I mean, it's in it's basically Q and Star Trek.
  It's like this.
  It happens all the time.
  This is a a fun guy that fucks with the main character.
  And what and what did what day to day function  did the addition of this little alien?  What did he add to this caveman?  He insulted Fred constantly call him dumb.
  Oh, hi.
 Oh, dumb.
  Hello, dumb.
  Oh, why is he?  Why does he show up?  I don't.
 I don't remember.
  They ran out of honeymoon.
  Honeymooners plots to rip off their episode.
  They went far beyond.
  I think they made a lot more.
  Yeah, I think so.
  So this is again, this is like in the same way that like  I'm a fan of Ivanu's more than I'm a fan of the lore of Ivanu's.
  I'm a fan of great because you existing.
  Yes, sure.
  I'm not a gazoo head.
  I don't know.
 Similarly, vaudevillian.
  Yeah, it's a funny idiosyncratic performance  kind of in tone with the thing, but kind of not.
  I guess Ivanu is more in tone with Power Rangers.
  Yeah, somewhat.
 Yeah.
  Still like a little bit old.
  Like, I guess, I don't know.
  I can't think of anyone who was like an old 30s vaudeville performer.
  That was a character on the show before Ivan.
  Yeah, I think I thought initially that when Duffy first showed up,  Duffy the Disney bear, I was like, who the hell?  What the fuck is this?  Like, is he going to be like a great gazoo type?  And then like, no.
  You thought he's going to have magical powers.
  I thought he was going to be like a weird little guy  that they just added into like, and of course, Mickey's teddy bear.
  Hey, I'm Duffy.
 Hey.
  You know that big date with Minnie?  I'm coming along, too.
  I'll be your Cyrano Duffy.
  I'm turning your Cyrano Duff Burdra.
  I'm turning your T-bone steak into a piece of dynamite.
  I'm going to make your life a living hell.
  I'm Duffy.
  Hey, Mickey, go off yourself.
  I mean, that's something.
  There's a lot more of a character there.
  There's a yeah.
 Duffy.
  Duffy is nice.
  Seems to be his only trait.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And reality.
  The only real media.
  Oh, I guess there's little books of it, but the only media is like the story,  the show in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  And yes, he's got nothing.
  Duffy's got nothing to do, nothing to say.
  He's just nice and cute.
  Yeah.
 And that's all he's got.
  But I don't have him like tie Mickey's tail up into his shoelaces.
  Yeah.
 Mickey trips and falls into a river.
  And make him a little jerk.
  Mm hmm.
 I think that's a good Jason's got a great idea that he thought.
  Yeah.
 Duffy was going to be like Mickey's great gazoo.
  I just in the sense that he just showed up out of nowhere.
  And I was like, oh, what is what's going on here?  Well, I think they've you know, they've there's other characters  in the Duffy verse now.
  So who knows who?  Joe Tony seems like more like he would replace a T-bone steak  with a stick of dynamite.
  Yeah, he seems a little bit more rowdy, a little wild.
  Well, Mickey is definitely wild in one way.
  As we've established sexually.
  Yes.
 Anyway, he talks.
  We just do the sums and, you know, we can we can decide.
  This is like a day in a theme park where we can all decide what ride.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hit first.
  But let me just do the overview really quickly of the theme park  presence of the Flintstones, as Jason mentioned, was some of the older ones.
  They're part of the Paramount Parks, the one time Paramount Parks,  Kings Island and Kings Dominion.
  Longtime association with the Universal Parks  of the via the the Hanna-Barbera ride in Florida has been stuff  that Universal Hollywood over the years still was up till pretty recently.
  I forget if there's anything now that Universal Studios has represented  both the cartoons and the John Goodman live action versions of everybody.
  In here in Los Angeles, there's a place called Marine Land  that we've never talked about in like Palace Verde's.
  That's been gone for a long time, but they did the Hanna-Barbera characters,  including Flintstones.
  They appeared at Wonderland in Australia.
  There were a bunch of weird tiny parks slash trailer parks  in Arizona and South Dakota and Canada and Australia's Wonderland,  Canada's Wonderland and Warner Brothers world in Abu Dhabi.
  They knew a very new theme park, so they're still making new Flintstones stuff.
  But if you listen, that's like everything but Disney and Six Flags, essentially.
  Right.
 They've hit every category of theme, like a very confusing IP.
  Right.
 It's just slipped and slid into every type of park they could get into.
  And it feels like if Disney or Six Flags wanted them, they go, yeah,  put whatever you want to do.
  We don't give a shit like they all licensed to anybody.
  They don't seem to care that much.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  Nobody hates them.
  Affordable.
 Maybe like licensing wise.
  That could certainly be.
  There was some the Canadian.
  OK, we'll get into Bedrock City.
  I mean, we could we could just be here all night talking about Bedrock City.
  But there are multiple Bedrock cities.
  The two American ones are connected.
  But then there was a grip of Canadian ones  that all had like different stories of how they got off the ground.
  And I feel like the number I saw floated was like five hundred  thousand dollars for the licensing.
  Oh, and I'm like, that's that doesn't seem like a one time.
  It seemed like a one time fee for Flintstones,  which are very recognizable characters,  and especially I think for an older generation as well, I guess beloved.
  So, yeah, that does seem a little low.
  But I don't honestly I don't have I was shocked when there was a list of bands  and how much they would charge.
  A couple of years ago, there was a whole list like you could just hire  cheap trick for like forty thousand dollars.
  And I'm like, what? Like, that's not necessarily the number.
  But you are shocked at some of the numbers.
  So I don't really guess I guess now that I'm thinking about it,  I don't have a good number of like what would you license  Beetle Bailey for for a theme park ride?  Right.
 How much is Beetle Bailey cost?  In twenty twenty two.
  Well, how do you find that?  It seems like a lot for Beetle Bailey.
 Yeah.
  I mean, how do you to an accountant?  How would you say priceless?  How would I say that?  I guess you would say not for sale.
  Yeah.
 High and lowest.
  I wanted to make a e-ticket high and lowest ride.
  What are we talking? Twenty twenty K.
  Is that too low?  Well, knowing that you're going to get millions and millions in return,  I guess that depends on who it is.
  You're going to have to like force kids out.
  OK.
 But if OK, if I wanted to do just an immersive family circus  walkthrough down, you know, on Ventura somewhere.
 Mm hmm.
  And I'm charging five dollars a ticket.
  OK.
 For how forever?  Forever in perpetuity.
  I'd like to quit the podcast and I devote my time to a walkthrough  family circus attraction, which I know you appreciate.
  I see your big family.
  Yeah, I've been with him before.
  Blondie.
 You're in the experience.
  You're in the strip.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So like what?  This is for another episode where we we start asking.
  Well, we just we each pick a different King Features Syndicate property  and we call the lawyer for King Features Syndicate  and we figure out what the fee is.
  Yeah.
 And see what to get.
  So an episode will be that you get a number of this comic distribution company.
  Yeah.
 Which is a first company.
  Right.
 And it's a Hearst company.
 Mm hmm.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Because one of the things I was going to say is I do wonder  if Hanna Barbera was not the most litigious company,  because another thing I remember growing up  is between miniature golf courses or like family fun zones,  a lot of off brands, Flintstones painted or statues.
  And there's some stuff today where I'm like, did they just give up?  Did they just give up on the license or enforcing the license?  I found something often international waters that I'll mention towards the end.
  It seems like maybe they just yeah, maybe just they don't have a legal person.
  Yeah.
 Or I mean, who Hanna Barbera is owned by Warner Brothers now, I believe.
  So maybe they just they've just had so many new daddies over the last few years.
  They're just like, no, we don't have time for this.
  Corporate.
 You're speaking in corporate terms.
  New daddies.
 Yeah.
  They had AT&T daddy.
  Discovery, Discovery Daddy.
  You know, too many daddies.
  What an issue.
  You want to dive into this bedrock city?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, Bedrock City is this series of I mean, you would you that  you would call them theme parks.
  They are called theme parks, but they're also like campgrounds is what they are.
  They can park there and yeah, you can sleep on the ground.
  All sort of off the beaten path, not too close to anything too populous.
  Hey, Brad, I'm just going to spin the wheel here.
  Just pull if you see a picture somewhere of a shady looking desolate campground.
  We'll just bring it up to have something up to talk about.
  But but as we as that comes up,  I believe the first one was in 1966, right as the show ended  in the town of Custer, South Dakota.
  It's about half an hour from Mount Rushmore.
  Yes.
 Custer sounds like a great spot.
  Before it was Custer, it was called Stonewall.
  So they keep shifting between civil warish names.
  And I looked on the Wikipedia of Custer and there are two notable residents.
  And one of them is just listed.
  The parenthetical is just convicted murderer.
  Got it.
 Got it.
  So a lot going on in Custer.
  I believe that both of the places that we're talking about  started because they're here.
 This is a great one.
  OK, wonderful.
 Thank you, Brett.
  We're looking at the Flintstones  in front of what is some nature in the background.
  There is this.
  This is I think is pristine bedrock city.
  This is this is when things were going great.
  Yeah, still looks like I mean, it looks like there's like a walk around  Barney, who just looks like he took a big mallet to the head.
  Like it squished him down by half.
  Yeah.
 And then he like lipoed all the muscles out of his body.
  Yeah.
 And heads were designed by whoever designed the Zodiac Killers  perlap sack.
 This make no mistake.
  This is a terrifying photo.
  The place looks like shit.
  And it is by far the best photo of Bedrock City I have seen.
  That seems correct.
 Yes, because things are going well back then.
  Look at what these now we're seeing details up on this big screen TV  that I had not seen before.
  The odd scatter shot choices in how to represent Fred and Barney,  like, for example, plush heads, right?  Barney, I'm sorry.
 OK, Barney regular arms.
  But Fred plush arms.
  Yeah, I think real hands poking through at least through one of them.
  And then and then it goes to just bare human legs, but then plush feet.
  Yeah, which is good because the ground looks hot.
  They are just walking on rocks.
  So you don't want people actually barefoot, even though that would be  Flintstones realistic.
 Yeah.
  Really strange.
 And then look at Barney's pupils to just beady whites.
  That is a kind of consistent with Barney.
  Sometimes Barney was just pupils in the cartoon.
  I think his look has evolved, but for a while he was just dots.
  Barney sometimes has a very Homer Simpson kind of like eyeballs  going different places look to make him look vacant.
 Yeah.
  And it is certainly captured in the photo we're looking at here.
  So they got the essence of the character for sure.
  I mean, I wouldn't mind.
  I'd rather hug Fred because there is more plush involved.
  It feels more like you're hugging a cartoon.
 Yeah.
  Barney, just bare muscular arms.
  A very sunburnt.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Barney can.
 Yeah.
  Barney looks like somebody killed Barney  and is wearing his head on top of their head and the shirt is draped over.
  And that's it.
  They can make it through this shift at Bedrock City.
  Then they can like make it live in the mountains forever.
  Yeah.
 Squirrels and worms and see how long they make it.
  Exactly.
 Now, the second Bedrock City, I saw an anecdote that like  they had walk around Fred and Barney, but the second  Bedrock City is in Arizona.
  And it's 30 minutes from the Grand Canyon.
  It's kind of in the middle of nowhere.
  So they had to get rid of the walk around Fred and Barney  because they did not have enough locals.
  They could not find enough people willing to work that day to make the commute.
  There's we have when new theme parks open.
  It's like, well, this can be a source of jobs.
  And that's what they thought.
  Except nobody lives in the place where they needed the jobs.
 Yeah.
  So jobs not wanted can't be filled.
  So that's why what you find in the both Bedrock City locations  more so is a bunch of plaster, plaster characters.
  And look, again, we sent such a pile of bread.
  Feel free to just freestyle.
  Let's just see some odd  some of the frightening.
  OK, well, you started with the my.
  Yeah, I said I love this.
  I have this picture I sent to you.
  This is insane.
 What are we seeing?  OK, so bigger picture here.
 Yeah.
  You are OK.
  In theory, you're looking at all the stuff in Bedrock.
  You're seeing where the characters live and you're seeing, you know,  the post office and the city hall and the different parts of town.
  But in this case, we're in the bank and there is a bank robbery in progress.
  We're looking at a currently at large  masked criminal holding up something.
  Is it a gun?  I'm not sure how much guns were addressed in the Flintstones.
  I remember that Kyle McLaughlin in the movie has a weird contraption  that fires pebbles.
 Yeah.
  Which I was like, that's pretty good.
  They thought they figured out a way to give them a gun.
  Yeah.
 In this rock movie.
  I'm not sure what this bad guy's holding.
  A very alarmed woman.
  There's a lot of leaves all over her desk.
  I don't know if leaves are considered currency.
  We know that shells were shells were.
  But I don't think leaves.
  These are just real leaves that blew into this building, I believe.
  I think so.
 It's a very dusty environment.
  This general everything.
 So, yeah.
 So, yeah.
  If you want to go, we're doing we're doing this on video.
  If you want to take a look to after you've heard this or whatever.
  And we'll post some of these photos.
  But I just want to emphasize, imagine what a Flintstones park would look like  if it was dismal land, if it was Banksy's.
  Oh, yes.
 Twisted version and everything looks like it's decaying.
  Purposefully bad dystopian park.
  Yeah.
 Also, it's an art exhibit.
  So how much can you actually fill up the space?  There's a lot of vacant space, I feel like, at all these bedrock cities.
  It's kind of hard because like in Arizona, beautiful, like big sky,  I'm sure in South Dakota, too, like a clean air, not a lot of pollution,  beautiful clouds.
  And then when you tilt your head down a little and look at eye level,  it looks like children of men.
  It looks like what the theme parks may look like without any children around.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Although post nuclear blast.
  Although we don't probably be having a great time.
  People like us, we'd be like, hey, there's no kids.
  We get whatever we want.
  Well, that's I mean, that seems like the main way that these places have existed.
  They're both defunct now and in the last 10 years.
  And I knew of them primarily from like we're going to go  we're going to sneak into Bedrock City and see what's there.
  But I don't think it's always even sneaking into.
  I think there is no there's not even like a wall you got to climb.
  I think you just walk up and you're in it.
  I think also that technically all of these places were supposed to give up  the copyright as part of the closure.
  Yeah, one of them, the Arizona one is now called Raptor Ranch.
  Raptor Ranch.
 Do you have the have you watched the promotional?  No commercial for Raptor Ranch.
  Brett, can we get that Raptor Ranch video?  And I think we'll see how they dealt with  dealing with the Flintstones license.
 Yeah.
  OK, OK.
 Interesting.
  Because, yeah, it's you know, there's there's like when you were saying like  that's like it's spread out versions of the houses and there's just  there looks like there's miles between themed themed in quotation marks buildings.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a miniature golf course with no miniature golf.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Perfect description.
  Now, Raptor Ranch, not to confuse you further, listener,  the Raptors in question are not dinosaurs.
  They're birds of prey.
  Current existing birds of prey.
  Falcons there.
  Also, another thing to mention, this opened in August of 2020,  a terrific time for the travel industry, although kind of prescient,  kind of a good timing, because like people were looking for outdoor activities to do.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  So some some might say Raptor Ranch people were the smartest of all.
  Yeah, but I think it'll become clear how they dealt with all those bedrock stuff.
  And we'll we'll we'll talk our way through it.
  OK, so whenever you want to.
  So it says before you visit the Grand Canyon, look up.
  There's something wild and it's in red, not the white in the air.
  OK, so they paid for a drone pilot.
  They paid for like a drone operator.
  This is a drone.
  And we're seeing like shots of just RVs parked in a parking lot.
  Very empty parking lot.
  Still say there's still so it's all about Raptors and birds.
  But then Yabba Dabba Doo means welcome here.
  Yeah, there's still a sign.
  Fred is still and there's like guys like with like string and falkens and owls  and feeding falcons and there's this owl guy running around.
  And it's it's yeah, there's a lot of cute birds and all this is a  falcon eat a critter.
  Was that a mouse?  It looked like, yeah.
  So so we're just seeing a lot of birds.
  They have like the helmet on.
  So what you're saying, but then explore bedrock.
  They just said, fuck you.
  Even it kept going since the 60s, motherfucker.
  All there, the post office bedrock lives.
  They got that drone in and what and what I like what they've done is they  run if you're a hipster, you can be there.
  We encourage abandoned type YouTube videos.
  Hipsters can do the diet that brought a source slide like Fred Flintstone  getting off his job.
  And then there's a souvenir shop of knives,  you know, geodes, emergency supplies, hostess and cam.
  And then park your RV there.
  You can spend the night at Raptor Ranch.
  You could spend the night with the rest of your walking dead caravan.
  And why do they just do a close up of an empty?  Well, Scott, that's a water hookup.
  That's a water hookup.
  For an RV.
 They have water.
  Yeah, you can get you can hook hook it up and then you can get the shit  out of the toilet in the RV.
  Yeah.
 And then they paid for this drone footage.
  So they're going to make the use of it.
  And they're just going to keep doing it.
  So bedrock lives at Raptor Ranch.
  Bedrock lives.
 They have got it clean.
  They have not changed a thing about it.
  They didn't add a coat of paint to any of the buildings.
  Well, they still also have a diner  that I think is just Fred's diner.
  I could be wrong about that.
  But they it's like lightly themed.
  Um, they're and they serve like  fruity pebbles, pancakes and cocoa pebbles, waffles.
  Smart.
 So shit you guys like.
  I ate one of those like a month ago.
  I ate a waffle topped with fruity pebbles, strawberries and maple syrup.
  And about a month ago in 2020, I made a fruity pebbles cheesecake for Thanksgiving.
  During the pandemic.
 Yeah.
 Really?  How did that turn out? It was good.
  It was fruity pebble crust.
  You make crust out of fruity pebbles.
  Oh, the crust is.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  And like, yeah, it's good.
  Maybe I'll do it again.
  I feel like maybe do I need to like get reacquainted with fruity pebbles in an episode?  Like we've been talking about this kind of like, isn't that like isn't the sweetness insane?  Or do you like when you pack it together?  There's some.
 Yeah, I mean, it is sweet.
  I don't.
 I'm trying to remember.
  I'm trying to think like what's the sweetest cereal.
  I guess it is.
  But there is something I don't know if it's like a chemical.
  There's an extra chemical in there that makes you want to have like  the same four bowls of it in a row.
  But there's something about it because there's plenty of sweet stuff that I go.
  I have one and I'm done.
  But fruity pebbles, there's some weird.
  There's like some sort of drug.
  There's like cocaine in it or something.
  Do you think they've changed the like chemical makeup since you were?  They've changed the chemical makeup of so much food.
  Yeah, apparently.
 Like it used to be.
  Yeah, it used to be owed.
  And now it's all just corn syrup and other weird shit.
  And yeah, it's all we're all being slowly poisoned by all major food companies,  I think, in America.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, no, they've I've said this before on the show.
  I remember when tricks changed, I remember tasting tricks and going,  these are different.
  And I never said it out loud because who would have been in a podcast?  Who would have believed me?  And I didn't have a podcast yet.
  So I'm sure they have.
  But fruity pebbles does retain a lot of my like I retain my love of it,  despite the fact that it's 60 percent poison.
  Yeah, you know, it's more so used to be 30 percent poison than 100.
  Yeah.
 So we'll do a we should do Jason.
  I bring in our favorite childhood food indulgences.
  And by childhood, you mean this last Thursday.
 Sure.
  Yes.
 I guess really what I'm looking for a title that better describes  that we started enjoying it as a childhood and maintained it well into our thirties.
  Makes make Scott eat like me.
  Yeah.
 The name of this episode.
  Omakase treat Omakase, the Japanese tasting venue, the multi course.
  So yeah, a word that I only know, because that's what  Jeffrey Katzenberg wanted to call quibby.
  I would not have known this fancy sushi.
  So we'll bring it in.
 Yeah.
  Well, yeah, Michael, I'll wear Pebbles family.
  I'll cover little debbies.
  Yes.
 Well, both dresses of Jason have both dresses, waiters.
  And we'll come in like with little like the thing draped over  with the fruity pebble pattern on your bow tie.
  The free bows are available.
  There's no way they're not available.
  That's like every fruit, every fruity pebble thing and Cocoa Pebbles is all like,  I feel you can get that.
  I really can get a three piece fruity pebble suit at its sugar.
  I know that's not right, but I feel like I see enough of that  like advertised to me on Instagram that you can get like Pringles,  like a Pringles wedding dress.
  Yeah, like there's so much weird like food branding clothes lately  that I think whatever you think of is is available.
  The wedding ceremony where the you see the bride come in  and she's in a Pringles pattern and then it cuts to the groom  who looks like Mr.
 Pringle.
  Yeah.
 Pringle in his Joseph A.
  Bank X Pringles limited edition suit.
  Yeah.
 So we'll see.
  Now, not everything at these  bedrock city parks are poorly done because the South Dakota one  has an animatronic show, the Flintstone Trio,  as which is built by Sally Dark Rides is when I saw it,  I knew I'd seen it before.
  Sally Dark Rides, our favorite makers of bizarre,  sometimes janky theme park attractions, but some of our favorite oddities.
  And so this is a Sally Dark Rides original.
  It's the Flintstone Trio is Fred Wilma and Dino.
  Dino on drums.
  It seems like for the good a good length of the end of the run  of the Flintstone Trio, the Dino's arms had broken and did not move.
  Sure.
 And his drumsticks were just sitting in his hands motionless.
  But they, you know, nevertheless, you heard the drum sounds.
  Did you find a clip of that?  I did.
 Yeah, I have two clips.
  You can't really hear well.
  I'll just I'll just break.
  Go to Wilma song because there's a couple of songs  and it's really hard to hear.
  But the Wilma song, I believe, is a recognizable song.
  But it was, yeah, just like a Chuck E.
  Cheese animatronic show with three robots that did move a little bit.
  And yeah, it's not well documented.
  This is a VHS or not, I guess.
  But what's the old way we'd record?  What's the format?  Maybe I'd still call it.
  I guess sometimes you would take the VHS.
  Yeah.
 But anyway, so it's a so it's a very grainy, very poorly sounding.
  We had one of the and my mother would not let me touch it.
  Do you think it was a Faberge egg?  Like I was just going to immediately push it over from a far height.
  Was she did she did you break things a lot as a kid?  No, I don't think any more than any regular kid.
  So you OK, you weren't like a butter fingers or something.
  I don't think so.
  I don't think I was.
  I would not call myself naturally graceful as a kid or an adult.
  Oh, yeah.
 So.
  Did you have butter on your hands a lot like you would slip?  They would slip through your hands.
  I don't think I was a particularly sticky kid either.
  Well, but I think you would be good.
  Well, that would be good in this case.
  You would help.
  But that keeps the camera in your hand.
  And I didn't make the connection of like, because we did take it to Disney World.
  And God knows where those those are probably in a box.
  So there are once or twice, I think.
  But I don't think it occurred to me to tell one of my parents  we're going to go on this ride.
  We're going to go on World of Motion.
  And I want you to videotape the ride.
  I have a video outside World of Motion that I was recording with my family in Epcot.
  And I'm so annoying behind the camera because I go, oh, yeah.
  I'm like, hey, dad, hey, dad, dad, look over here, dad, dad.
  And you're like, why are you doing like just capture the moment?  Yeah.
 Cinema verite, you know, like, let's get a real real life reaction to you.
  You're not trying to influence.
  You're the documentarian.
  Well, I had an era where I thought I could be like Tom Green and get a rise out of my parents.
  Oh, yeah.
 But of course, I wasn't going to do anything as X rated as how Tom Green got a rise out of his.
  But so I had no plan.
  I just similar to you.
  I think I'd probably just like, oh, hey, mom, mom.
  It's so annoying.
  Yeah, because like I have a high like, hello, dad.
  Hello, dumb dumb.
 Yeah.
  I had nothing to.
  That would have been funny, at least.
  Yeah.
 I had nothing to say once he turned around.
  It's like wave the camera, dad.
  Wave, wave.
  And then he's like, yeah, where are you going with this, pal?  You are making this drive worse.
  Yeah, that's all you're doing.
  You're making this more annoying for both of us.
  Have a game plan if you're going to call your dad on camera.
  OK, let's play this clip from the Flintstones.
  It's trio.
 The trio.
  Stone Trio Lounge in South Dakota.
  Yeah, I came across this.
  This is my guy.
 Yes.
  And then Fred responds here, right?  You're my girl, too, will mom.
  So I mean, this is it.
  You can you can stop it because the very curious.
  It's so clacky.
  The robot noises are so loud.
  You have to imagine that it's not just the recording  that when you were actually watching the show, the clacks are overpowering  the actual singing and music.
  This is now I like that this is from the video.
  What you can tell is that this was a theatrical presentation.
  The lights are off.
  You are like it is time to watch this children.
  And there's some younger than my son kids having to watch this  and being very patient.
  But this is not a checky cheese where you can sort of ignore it.
  Yeah.
 If you want.
 Oh, yeah.
  No.
 Yeah.
 Lights down.
  This is what we're doing for the next 15 minutes or.
  This is like we're going to need to be quiet here for this.
  This and also this is mostly you would.
  Have to imagine they were like, well, this is actually this is the least  this place looks the least like someone has been murdered here  of all the bedrock city.
  Yeah, definitely.
 It's kind of it's impressively well done, I would say.
  Apparently, all these places would get updated  statues and like like Hannah Barbera would send them  sure a new Betty or whatever.
  But not in all the cases.
  And again, I like Brad, let's just just freestyle it.
  But I'd say especially if you see a  a Toronto or a Terrell Dactyl that looks like it's  struggling.
 Yeah, that's the one I want to see the most.
  Maybe we can just find a way to flip through frightening  imagery because like, yes, some they kept up.
  And I bet the priority was a little bit like you got to keep Fred pristine.
  But he has to look the most like a character that isn't melted in the sun.
  And the the main the main four, the Flintstone four.
  Yeah.
 But everybody else had a rough time.
  Yeah, it was in a lot of the literature about the police.
  They talk about here it is.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Look, this is like this is a Terrell Dactyl.
  Well, it's I guess it's being born out of a giant egg, but it's flailing  in what looks like.
  I mean, it looks like he's getting splashed in tar.
  It looks like this is the moment of being trapped in time.
  This is haunting.
  Tar pits.
 This is a haunting picture.
  Or it's birthing.
  Well, it's that's a black.
 That's an egg.
  Yeah.
 I mean, that is literally what's happening, but it's it's so horrifying.
  And unless if that if that egg is just pure black inside,  then it's boy, it sucks to be a dinosaur.
  Very Cronenberg.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is this is.
  Yeah, this is if you're a kid, you can see this.
  You're like, oh, my God, like life is horror.
  This is how you get a record player.
  This is that rock.
 Right.
  Oh, yeah.
 And then this is how your life starts.
  But then you're destined to just work for some family.
  It's pressing your beak against stone, grinding you down  until you can't work anymore.
  And then what? Yeah.
 What becomes of you? All right.
  You can either be a lamp or you can be an assistant director on a music video,  which is a detail from the Universal Studios.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 That's a prime job.
  Is there anything else we can flip through in terms of a little post photo?  Yeah.
 Imaging imagery.
  But it's so just literally imagine like, imagine like  they call somebody like the Flintstone killer or something.
  And he has like a basement that he's like made to look like the scenes from.
  From.
 Oh, here we go.
  I like this guy.
 Now we're in there.
  So there was the bank robbery, but now we're in jail.
  And there is a guy in kind of not prison stripes, but more like cow hide.
  Yeah.
 And he is bald with gray on the sides.
  And he's giving a big thumbs up.
  And I like this because I feel like this is I picture this guy  being a white collar criminal.
 Oh, I think this is a made off.
  This is the made off of bedrock who had and who has accepted his fate.
  He knows that he scammed and embezzled Fred's.
  And he's like, this thumbs up to me signifies the justice system is working.
  This is Bernie Mineral.
  That's good.
 Yeah, I like that.
  Fred's boss's name, Mr.
 Slate, Mr.
  Slate, that's not Mr.
 Slate.
  I don't think he was gray.
  Yeah, he was.
 And he was a shorter guy, too.
  No, Mr.
 Slate was never punished for exploiting his work.
  This is Mr.
 Slate.
 Yeah.
  In case.
 Big round.
  Oh, yeah.
 You know what I'm saying here.
  Got big glasses.
  I was thinking, you know, I was thinking of Spacely Spraw.
  I was thinking Mr.
 Spacely from Jetsons, a tyrant.
  There's a shorter guy in a tire.
 Yeah.
  And then you find out in the Jetsons movie from the 90s.
  It's like, no, there's people.
  There's little guys.
 There's little, little.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 Little like Furby type.
  Yeah, they were displacing them to to get sprockets.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  They also make George Jetson rap, which is a very uncomfortable display  for this actor, like probably in the probably not too far from passing away.
  And he's got to learn where rapping is quickly.
  I have not watched the Jetsons movie in a long time, but as a kid, I did like it.
  Yeah, that would that was one where it's like we got a VHS  somehow, either as a gift or whatever.
  So it's like it was on repeat, you know, DuckTales movie had that.
  Watch it on repeat.
  Love early CGI.
  Great.
 Yeah, music videos.
 So great.
  So that's a bunch of crazy bullshit out of Bedrock City.
  Have we missed any detail?  Wait, do we say the fact that it was the owners of two cement plants  who came together and that's why this happens?  They're like, well, we got the cement.
  Well, that's hey, that's half the battle.
  I that actually explains a lot.
  It explains quite a bit.
  It doesn't quite explain why, like  Wilma and Betty look so absurd,  you know, like abstract art.
  And then Pebbles is like big, like a giant head, like small.
  I guess you couldn't do a regular size Pebbles because you would be like doll size.
  I mean, they yeah.
  But then you'd be like, oh, it's.
  There were not concerned with scale here because actually in the in a lot of the  advertising, they were touting the 20 foot Dino.
  That was the big thing.
  Like I found in multiple like ads like come see the 20 foot Dino.
  Which he was not, obviously, he's there.
  He's their pet.
 He's the size of a collie or something.
  Right.
 Bigger.
 Yeah.
  Bigger than a collie.
  I guess so.
 Great Dane.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Big as a bit.
  The biggest dog.
 Yeah.
  So Marmaduke.
 But not.
 Yes.
  He's Marmaduke size.
  How much do you think the rights for Marmaduke cost if I want to do a pop up  restaurant based on Marmaduke?  Look, not much because they just cranked out a movie on Netflix that no one's even.
  Is it out? Yeah.
  Pete Davidson.
 Oh, well, they got.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 They got like the biggest.
  Everybody knows every move of this guy.
  And yet he put out he managed to put out.
  Wow.
 Be in a Marmaduke movie now that nobody like, you know, if he goes outside,  you know, if Pete Davidson like he's like one of the top 10 most famous people in  the world.
 Yeah.
  So if he so he I guess he found a way to finally get some privacy and that is  voicing a Marmaduke movie.
  Yeah.
 What do you remember?  This isn't Pete Davidson, but like years ago, they made a top cat movie  mostly screened in Mexico.
  I think you brought this up on the show.
  They made a second top cat movie.
  Yeah.
 It's a prequel to the first right top cat movie.
  I think we have talked about this top cat movie.
  We're looping around.
 Yeah, there's a lot of these forming.
  Like, oh, yeah, like we're at we're at round three of this thing.
  I'm talking about international releases of the top cat.
  I'm sure I'll check.
 Just watch.
  I should just watch it.
  Should I want to see this?  I want to watch this Marmaduke movie.
  And then I want to buy the rights to make my own Marmaduke movie.
  I think you're in.
  I mean, I don't know how it's just a matter of like talking to the bank, but you're  like, OK, it's not an amount of money you couldn't attain.
  Let's get a sheet.
  I want a full sheet from King Features Syndicate and like what each  what each thing costs and what how what the length of time is like.
  Yeah, I wonder if you were like, we got Pete Davidson from Marmaduke.
  And they're like, great.
  OK, top cat, the movie 2011 Roku chattel and freebie.
  So you're going to for to.
  Hmm.
 OK.
 Freebies.
  Places need content.
 These.
 Yeah.
  These these Hanna Barbera characters have not been maybe treated  with such pristine care like they sort of if you got a thing,  they'll let you do whatever you want.
  Top Cat begins the 2015 movie name.
  That's the prequel.
 Yeah.
 Top Cat begins.
  Is it's we have to know.
  We got to know.
 Freebie again.
  Freebie, to be and Voodoo free.
  The free wing of Voodoo.
  Top Cat rising.
 What's the next one called?  Yeah.
 More Top Cat.
 More Top Cat.
  Top Cat.
 Top Cat ends.
 Top Cat ends.
  Well, yeah, we'll figure out all the pricing.
  Who's Top Cat? Oh, yeah.
  Who plays it? Is it an actor?  Not an American actor.
  You've despite knowing more about the Top Cat movies,  plural than any man, you don't know who is Top Cat.
  Tom Cruise.
  The they do not.
  They list a few voice actors.
  They do not list the voice actor of Top Cat.
  Let me know.
 I am the.
  Maybe it's an A.
I.
  It's like the Luke Skywalker voice.
  They literally couldn't find anyone.
  No one was willing to do it.
  The most out of work actors.
  Well, most of them actors said they didn't want to.
  They didn't want to just tackle such a big, big role like that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They didn't want to let people down.
  Yeah.
 No, you're setting yourself up for a fall.
  What's the Joker sequel called?  And is that going to be the next Top Cat?  Folly Folly do.
  Doesn't doesn't sound right.
  It means like always.
  I did look at the French.
  So it's a walking Phoenix Joker.
  They announced sequel.
  And did you see this guy?  No.
 Which movie is this going to rip off?  This is it's going to raging bull.
  Folly, I do.
  Mm hmm.
 That's the that Joker Folly.
  OK.
 And the French reference being a medical term  pertaining to a mental disorder which affects two or more people.
  Some sort of Joker.
  Another Joker in the movie.
  How many Jokers can we get in one movie?  So the movie equivalent of that video of the 10 Jokers going down  the escalator at the comic.
  Yeah.
 What do you how to if I'm pitching on and I know this is a Flintstone episode,  but if I'm pitching on it, I say get Leto in there.
  Yeah.
 Why not?  Let's watch the world burn.
  Jared Leto, walking Phoenix Jokers.
  What was it again? Something off folly folly.
  I mean, I love the shirts.
  I love like walking through a mall and seeing a shirt where seven Jokers are all.
  OK, pool together.
  So if we can get them all, let me amend Nicholson.
  Mm hmm.
 And walking.
  OK, I don't know what shape you get them all in.
  Why not? OK, it's like you're ready somewhere to go.
  I mean, I don't know.
  We'll add a Joker with each.
  Oh, get the deleted scene Joker for the new Batman deleted scene.
  Which I thought I thought was a joke after I fell for some deepfakes.
  I was like, well, surely this is I mean, this saw.
  Did you fall for different deepfakes or the same?  No, no.
 The other runner to Jason.
  There.
 But no, I like after the Tom Cruise thing, I saw that Joker scene.
  I was like, this is awful.
  There's no way this is real.
 Right.
  And then it's like, oh, no, it's very.
  So you're saying after the Tom Cruise.
  So Jason, a couple of times, I thought Tom Cruise,  yeah, lept over Keegan Michael Key.
  Yeah.
 At a comic con or something.
  Yeah.
 I saw that clip like, you know, 8am watching on my phone,  lying on my back, still like without my glasses.
  I was like, pretty fun.
 OK.
  But then that threw off like you're you're just believe  like believing anything you saw for a couple of weeks is what you're saying.
  Yeah.
 So then when you saw the Batman scene, you thought.
  So I saw the Batman scene later.
  But you thought that was like deepfaked.
  I thought it was like when people make like fake trailers.
  I just cut.
 They just chop and screw stuff.
  Yeah.
 Like made himself up to look like a scary guy  and then cut himself into the Robert Pattinson Batman.
  Yeah, something like that.
  But no, it's real.
  Jason thinks January 6th was deepfaked now.
  Well, they put they they they put faces of good upstanding  Maga people on to the kangaroo cord of this current Congress.
  There's a few freedom fighters and then a bunch of clowns.
  We're going to have to do the deepfake challenge eventually here.
  I'm going to have to start learning how to do it.
  Oh, it's like you make a deepfake for to see if it tricks Jason.
  I guess.
 Yeah, I guess that's what the challenge.
  I guess that's what the challenge will be.
  I'll have to figure out how to do that.
 Yeah.
  Well, I was trying to I was trying to get a beta invite for this.
  Do you guys know about I think it's called Mid Journey?  This is like the AI thing where you can plug in phrases  and it'll generate just nonsense.
  Yeah, I tried it.
  Did you get a good one? Yeah, you can just do it.
  It's a website.
 Yeah.
  I wasn't letting me access it.
  It's a way I have a link for it.
  I don't know if I did.
 I tried it like two days ago.
  The developer, the developers in Lake Nona say and why you know it.
  Yeah.
  He heard you're on the no list.
  They did not like whatever burner discord username I made to access it.
  Yeah, so you can just what Jason's talking about is you can do  like you just put two words in and it'll generate like nine weird pictures.
  So somebody put in like I'm trying to remember like an example.
  It was like a puppet something and then like it kind of like  blurrifies photos where it's like thumbnails of like,  I don't know, say it's like a elf, but a human man.
  And it like makes like a human man with like elf snout or snoot.
  I think Stephen Heck of the Block Party podcast,  I believe generated one that was Roseanne getting attacked by wild dogs  at a subway and it looked pretty good.
  You can do it.
  Or wild dogs running on the field at the World Series.
  It's just crazy.
  You can get some.
 Yeah, you can.
  There's some people like it's weird with the AI the computer can like put together, but  we'll do some of that, too.
  And I'll quiz you on those, I guess.
  Yeah.
 Well, they have a certain look about them.
  I want to generate like Barney Rubble cries at a Tony Robbins seminar.
  I put in Alf Mary's Pam Anderson and it didn't and it didn't work.
  What? It just didn't.
  It wasn't like good because I thought it was going to be anything.
  And I was doing it on your phone right now.
  I let me find the see if I can find.
  Can we do something with the Flintstones?  Yeah.
 You guys talk amongst yourself while I figure out where this was.
  OK, OK.
 I you know, there's also this is one of them had a volcano  called Mount St.
  Wilma, one of them had there's a Mount Rockmore, which I like because it's already  a it's already a mountain, right?  So we have to further rock uponify a thing that is rocks, that is chiseled rocks.
  But so that is Fred Barney Dino and the founder of the town, Mr.
  Granite built, which is a character I would I don't recognize offhand.
  No.
 So but like that.
  But he's the only one who deserves to be there because like Fred is not like  the king of the town, like Mount Rushmore is our presidents, our leaders.
  Fred's just a guy there.
  Like, why does he get to be on and Dino his dog?  Yeah, that doesn't make sense.
  Resident and also his pet pet are up there with this town and his pal next to.
  Yeah, they got to reevaluate who they're putting on.
  Yeah, I mean, some of the characters, they just made, you know, I don't really  remember the school teacher who was kind of horrific looking in Bedrock City.
  Like that one is not aged well.
  A lot of the generic characters have really not aged well.
  You can kind of identify Wilma and Betty.
  Yeah, I have found the website.
  I'm just started with an easy one.
  I just put Flintstones money.
  Let's see if they just generate too much traffic.
  OK.
 Oh, it's a problem.
  Yeah, it's not too popular now.
  Oh, geez.
 Well, so we can't.
  I'll keep trying.
 I'll keep reloading it as we go.
  Can't steal it for our content.
  Maybe we should move on to some other Flintstones stuff  because it was not just depressing defunct RV parks.
  The Flintstones up until not that long ago were still a presence  in Universal Studios Hollywood.
 Yes.
  There was.
 Yeah, I mean, it started with this stage show,  but it kind of lasted for a while.
  The Carnival Games at Universal Studios until recently,  the whole area was a Rock Vegas.
  It was Rock Vegas Casino.
 Right.
  So that was like a pretty big footprint and a barbecue restaurant.
  Yes, which is the last was the last holdout of Flintstones, basically.
  Yeah.
 Demolished for Wizarding World construction.
  If you wanted to get just blasted with just the craziest  like barbecue smoke, you would walk by there and it was just unbelievable.
  It was just open air grill.
 It was wild.
  It's lots of sort of like like kind of nasty looking.
  Oh, every part of it.
  Deceiving in the sun.
  I never ate there.
 It might have been fine.
  It looked awful.
 It didn't smell great.
  Like it was a very strange thing, especially after all the Flintstone  presence was gone.
 Other than that, it was a very weird  thing.
 Just walk by.
  And that opened well after.
  Sorry, were you saying that that opened for the sequel Flintstone?  Like didn't I'm not sure.
  I don't know when it all went in the restaurant because the the stage  show was like 94 to 97.
  So pretty on point around the feel like the restaurant and stuff  didn't come along until like 2000.
  What like much later?  That might have been Rock Vegas promotional.
  OK, Viva Rock Vegas to capitalize on the mania.
  Of course, we all remember America.
  Wow.
 When they were I might have talked about this before,  how I just remember seeing a newspaper article saying, hey,  they're going to make a prequel.
  And because it's Las Vegas, there's going to be different types of rocks.
  Like that was the press release before the movie got made.
  Get excited, everybody.
  Different types of rocks will be in this.
  And have you seen Viva Rock Vegas?  I did.
 It was one of my first pandemic views.
  Yeah, I thought that's.
  Yeah, it might be why it came up before.
  This one's only this is only a second timer  as we talk about as things that we've talked about many times.
  Not a three or a four.
  It'll enter the our five timers club is stories that we've told five times.
  Yeah, that we've.
  Is Viva Rock Vegas?  Is any of the cast back?  No, no.
 Right.
 OK.
  No, no, all new, all the younger.
  Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
 So that was this opened in 2000.
  So opening of Flintstones barbecue place in 2001,  I can kind of see the justification and the games, too.
  Yeah, I make sense.
 I was just yeah, when I was saying it was so weird,  it's because it was the only one left.
  The only thing left there.
  It doesn't make sense when you see the budget was 83 million  and it made 59.
5 million.
  The movie, not the movie.
  Yeah, OK.
 I do not have the financials.
  I don't know the margins.
  I wish each restaurant would release.
  I wish I wish John Taffer would would rescue some.
  We could get so much more content out of that if we knew the financials  for each individual restaurant in each theme park.
  Oh, now we're talking.
  Yeah.
 Oh, that would keep us away from rides for so long.
  For years.
  Or the thing we do is so actively try to avoid the bottom line of rest  in park restaurants.
 Oh, all right.
  Back to the bulk cement statue.
  Back to the excess cement they had to put somewhere.
  Let's let's talk a little about this, this live show.
  And I've got a clip here at Universal Studios ad, which starts with a flying.
  This is kind of in 30 seconds gives you a pretty good view  of what happened in this show.
  This is so it was the show was called The Flintstones Show.
  This was a musical that I definitely saw and I liked a lot.
  I really enjoyed this show and would look forward to it from this  this ad that will play.
  There was I saw a still ad for it as well with a tagline,  and the tagline was Yabba Dabba, do it live,  which unfortunately now I just go straight to the bill.
  Oh, right.
 Yeah, I was going to say that's completely taken up and fuck it.
  Well, you have a David to it live.
  I want to give a quick update that I've been refreshing my phone  with different prompts, and the one that worked was Flintstones sexual.
  Oh, no.
 No, no.
  It is up here.
 Can you show it?  I can.
 It's it's not again.
  This is what I'm saying, where it's not like everything is perfect.
  But I'll show you guys first.
  And some of them, it looks like Fred has a penis for a nose.
  OK, that might be the best.
  This doesn't get.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I'm not offended.
  I'm not terribly offended by any of that.
  That looks a lot like some of the statues in the bedrock city.
  Yeah.
 So like, that's the kind of just.
  I think you can go like really specific.
  Yeah, like Fred.
  Fred Flintstone buys big red gum.
  OK, I'll try that buys big red.
  All right.
 Give that a shot while we play here this clip of the  the Flintstones show.
  With the new Flintstones show, a live rock  Stravaganza with mammoths and dynamite special effects.
  It's the most spectacular.
  That's the main thing I want to talk about.
  Fred falls backwards into a volcano.
  We get one more play on that.
  Fred falls backwards into a volcano, gets shot straight up into the air.
  Very Tim and Eric kind of shot up.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Very digital.
  The sound with mammoths  and dynamite special effects.
  He's playing guitar when it happens.
  Mystery.
 Yeah.
  But David.
 Yeah.
  New Flintstones show.
  Incredible sound.
  Yeah, well, let's get into general.
  I for the part.
  But I love that moment.
  And I was like, yeah, this I don't remember.
  I do not recall witnessing what Fred Flintstones death potentially.
  Yeah.
 Look at that face to.
  Oh, my God.
  Where am I?  And then the just the rocket shot out of the.
  So I was like, what is this?  How does this actually play out in the show?  And in the show, I think it's all dummies.
  I believe that a dummy gets yanked up out of the ground  and then further closer to the audience.
  Another dummy returns.
  So it's like a dummy getting shot straight up into the air,  coming right back down and then, oh, look at this back.
  Oh, my God.
 Wow.
  So it's like it's like the Spider-Man at Avengers campus.
  But they did it 20 years earlier.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  An animate.
 Not a guy.
  If it's just a dummy, we can flail it around.
  Break all its limbs.
 Stunt Tron.
  This was the original stunt Tronic.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Fred Flintstone at Universal.
  And I have to give this show a little bit of credit  because it seemed like they did spend some money on it.
  Yeah.
 Or like the sets are pretty good.
  Yeah, there's a car.
  That's big.
 There's town and there's the Flintstones house.
  And then this rock video.
  Yes, they fly to Holly Rock on a pterodactyl plane,  which you see in the commercial.
  Little deceptive because it kind of seems like a ride vehicle  you will get in.
 Not the case.
  Fred and Wilma get in it and it just kind of goes around stage.
  It doesn't fly over you.
 Right.
  No, it didn't.
 That's not true.
 It does fly over.
  It does fly over.
 No, I recall that.
  And I recall this.
 It's actually pretty impressive.
  They bring out a I mean, it is like some major theme park  engineering, like this huge prop comes out.
  They roll it out, this this puppeted pterodactyl  and the mouth moves and they hook it up to ropes in front of you.
  And then the row and then four actors get on it.
  It does a full loop above some of the audience.
  OK, it was extremely impressive.
  But what I remember is that when I went, the it got stuck halfway through.
  So there was just a long, long segment  where the actors have to fill the time somehow.
  And they kind of would refer to what's going on.
  And I just remember it being an early my mom saying, no, this is this is not planned.
  So they're covering their improvising.
  This may be actually the Flintstones might have been the first I ever  learned of improvising.
  So you think it's just to stall for time  while something bad is happening?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, I don't.
  Not an inaccurate description of a lot of improv shows I've seen.
  What's it's stalling for time while you've said that?  Well, you're while your bad life is happening.
  This will fill it.
 Yeah.
  You promised a showbiz  a career at the end of five different classes and five thousand dollars.
  It's like I got stuck on this pterodactyl.
  I was always taught the trick that if you're hard up for an idea,  you're blank out a little just cross the stage and then you have the time  to think of an idea and it gives the audience a visual to look.
  That's the strategy.
 Really?  Yeah.
 Go walk over there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Walk.
 Move a little because it draws the eye  and it gives you a little time.
  If you would see our old Jason Nye's improv shows, you know, he was crossing  Chris Cross and Lads and Rhymes the show.
  Man, he's playing a lot of characters playing tag.
  A lot of children running from stage to stage.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, I I thought the sets and the costumes and everything looked good.
  This is filled with, I think, one of the things that has made  the Flintstones kind of like work in different eras, which is all the stone jokes,  all the rock jokes.
  It is timeless humor.
  It kind of works.
 And the audience is into I mean, there's a little I mean,  the the sign that said, I think you're supposed to say toys, the source  like toys are or is it toys are toys are our source?  Yeah.
 Hmm.
 Good question.
  Not sure.
 Some are more clean.
  B.
C.
 Hammer,  Mastodona, New Kids on the Rock,  B.
C.
 Hammer appears to be played by a white actor.
  So, all right.
  The premise, by the way, being that Fred Flintstone passes an audition  to be the star of the first rock video,  despite not being a musician, he beats out B.
C.
  Hammer and Mastodona and people who come in the whole act.
  Right.
 He just kind of like slaps his knees a little bit.
  And somehow it's him.
  Well, because they're doing like a star search kind of auditions  at the Water Buffalo Lodge, which they just call star search.
  They don't rockify that.
  No, no, they do Ed McRock.
  But but not but not but and it's not man becomes rock.
  Yeah.
 They Walter concrete.
  That works.
 That's good.
  Stone.
 Very clean.
  Very clean.
 Oliver.
  We need a director of our rock video.
  And that the director of our music rock video will be Oliver Stone.
  I think that works pretty well.
  There's a lot of music video statics and natural work killers.
  And that's why.
  Yeah.
 Tilted light at Dutch angles.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Joshua Herbivore start to lose it.
  I like that.
 I know.
  No, you guys don't like Joshua Herbivore.
  I guess I admire the length of the wall.
  That's like a cross of a stage.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There's been a line.
  There was a running gag in it that the  stuff is now known as fire.
  It was previously known as a  and they get a lot of mileage out of that.
  The audience seems into that.
  There's a joke about was the film in the line of a  reasonably topical.
 OK.
  Yeah, I was going to say, yeah, are there I watched a little bit other.
  They're on topical.
 It's not Jeannie.
  It's not I don't think they changed them up.
  Yeah, there's one where they say that  we wish a happy birthday to actor George Burns.
  He's 22.
 Pretty solid.
  And then the you hear somebody close to the cameraman go, ha ha ha.
  The my ha ha ha.
  That joke's timeless, though.
  Yeah, that's for the parents.
  Yeah.
 Who is our perennially old?  Because it was Larry Kit.
  There was a layer.
 I think there's a Larry King is old joke in every episode  of Conan while I worked there.
  And who is our forever old now?  Do we even do that post covid?  Because we know that all the ones we love like like Herman Cain are imperiled.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, that's true.
  I don't even want to say the name of the person I thought.
  Oh, I know.
 Yeah, because I don't want to curse with the podcast.
  The right.
 I don't even I don't think I think I know who you mean.
  We're talking about it.
  You think about popping in a DVD?  I am thinking about a DVD.
  I'm thinking about that media, that physical media that you're talking about.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just thinking about your DVD.
  But I won't say yes.
  That's as far as I'll say.
 But yes.
  But you don't even I feel like it's different.
  Like, because I think people I think maybe something has changed culturally  because it was probably Betty White before that.
  Yes.
 But now we don't want to curse these people.
 Right.
  And nobody's mad that they're old.
  We love that that we celebrate.
 Yes.
 Right.
  It's a different thing.
  It's like there was I've sensed some rage in a Larry King joke.
  Oh, sure.
 How long is that?  Maybe people that might be incorrect.
  Yeah, I don't know about I mean, it depends what I know.
  You just like to listen to some of the angriest comedians.
  So maybe they were really like laying in in a poor Larry toward the end.
  Oh, pulling out the old Bill Hicks, the old Bill Hicks.
  You know where I'm coming from, is the bill.
  Hicks was doing Larry King bits 30, 40 years ago.
  Update I've I checked, by the way.
  Thank you for allowing me to check on camera  because I've been refreshing, refreshing, refreshing, keeps giving me  your dream come true.
  It's my dream to do it on the podcast live.
  So finally, it worked.
  Fred Flintstone buys Big Red Gum.
  And it looks like nothing like what the prompt is.
  We are not selling what is interesting.
  We have done AI or two bad.
  This doesn't look like the art that I had been seeing.
  This is what I've been seeing.
  Maybe there's a different AI that you've been seeing,  but I've seen a ton of these.
  I'm going to try to try to get in nine picture grids of like little like,  I guess, icons like looking.
  It's this thing that's happening that is that's really long winded  to describe that has failed us every time we tried to get a really good  joke, a good joke going here.
  And it's just we're eating shit at every turn.
  It's letting us down because all these some of you sometimes you see it  and you go, oh, this is so funny.
  Look what somebody did.
  And now we've just we've really well, because this is new fangled.
  Oh, I've dropped and you're so mad.
  He dropped his key.
  Hey, don't.
 All right.
  He's going to be throwing them next.
 I'm upset.
  Don't slice our faces up.
  Mike, it's not bad.
  I'm going to put my keys on the table here.
  I this is it's new fangled technology.
  And the Flintstones teaches us right that they had everything they needed  back then.
 This is actually something that's occurred to me about all like  because we've all right, you know, and we'll touch on some other things.
  But there's there's you can go visit Bedrock and the Flintstones  in a lot of different theme park settings.
  But none of them are exactly blockbuster attractions that everybody loves.
  And it's like, is that because like, boy, you know what I'd love to do  is to go be in the Stone Age?  I'd love to.
 I don't think that's is that anybody's  desire? No, but I like having my laptop here.
  Uh huh.
 I get what you're saying.
  I think, though, the one in  the one over the what is it?  Warner Brothers World.
  That's the newest one.
  Yeah, that at least captures some of it, at least it's colorful  and it's full of characters that your parents or grandparents enjoyed.
  And the voices sound vaguely like to pay respects to your grandma.
  Yeah.
 So it's not like, oh, I wanted to drive.
  I wanted my feet to rub against the pavement while I was driving a car.
  I don't think that's an experience people wanted.
  I don't think there's anything in the Flintstones that you would want to happen  to you.
 Maybe that maybe you want to have some of the big ribs, the big ribs, I think.
  Although, Jason, did you want the big when you were a kid and you saw that,  because that would stress me out when that because at the start, in case  you don't know the iconic opening of the Flintstones and I say that like jokingly,  but I guess people might not know it.
  And you've been listening to an hour and a half of Flintstones  a show or the actor Al Lewis, who's been dead for 40 years, comes up a lot.
  The opening of the Flintstones, they go to like a drive in and a big  like dinosaur sized rack of ribs gets put on the side of their car.
  It's from they ripped open a Brontosaurus chest and yanked his ribs.
  Yeah, they fucked up Fred's bulldozer dinosaur.
  So basically, yeah, this is former crane is what you're looking at.
  And they put it on the side of the car and the car tips over.
  I think there's a variation on what happens to it, too.
  And I'm remembering another thing that happens, too.
  But I think the one I go, it impales Fred.
  It goes straight into his brain.
  It's just not his death.
  Twenty two minutes of of a funeral.
  The other the other thing that always happens is like Dino locks him out of the house.
  Yes, that happens, which does happen in the stage show.
  OK, well, that's good.
 Or the cat, because there's also a cat who I don't think.
  Oh, wait, no, it's the cat.
  It's in the theme song.
  Then the cat will stay out for the night.
  Right.
 Yes, because and I don't have a clip of this,  but there's a really insane too high of budget music video  made on the set of the Flintstones movie.
  But with the not the B 52s, but the B C 52s.
  Nice.
 And they made the whole cast be in it.
  They like took a shooting day clearly to end with like a hundred extras  all in the caveman clothes.
  But all these esteemed actors, as we were saying,  John Goodman and Rick Moranis, like nothing gets access to Rick Moranis anymore.
  Back then, you could get him to be in your music video for hours  banging on a xylophone made of bones with other bones.
  And that that name that lyric about the cat, then the cat.
  And they make Halle Berry do it.
  So this is weird clip where it cuts to her just to say the word cat  kind of sensually makes me uncomfortable.
  Yeah.
 Sexy sax and a woman saying no, thank you.
  With with bedroom eyes.
  Oh, yeah.
 No, no, no, no, no.
  I recommend the music video.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  Well, back in the night, what an insane it shows you how much waste there was.
  The glory excess of the 90s where you get a band  and they do a big music video about the movie and the old days, which I know.
  Top Gun, they got the Lady Gaga song.
  Yeah, we're getting back to it.
  Yeah.
 A throwback kind of a thing.
 Yeah.
  But I really real quick, I just want to say, did the ribs thing stress you out  as a kid or did you like that? Oh, I thought it was funny.
 OK.
  But you didn't say like, I want to eat a dinosaur's ribs.
  Oh, no, I guess I never really thought about it.
  I mean, I guess could be a mammoth.
  I could be a mammal, a big man.
 Were there mammoths in the show?  Like big tigers? Yeah.
 I think all of all of that.
  Ever since the Blue Milk revelation, I just I'm always.
  You think I'm just always dreaming about meeting because that never occurred  to me as a big Star Wars fan as a kid.
  I never thought, oh, I want to try that Blue Milk.
  It always looked gross.
  But ever since you said that you want to try the Blue Milk,  I wonder what famous food moments in movie and TV you were thinking,  oh, I'd like to try that.
  Well, I was talking about food stuffs.
  The bedrock city, the Atlas, there's some good Atlas  obscura photos and like entries about this place.
  And they they're old enough that they mentioned that according  to a public Google Plus review, Fred's Cafe has the best prices in the area.
  Now, I don't know what else is in the area besides tumbleweeds  and like nuclear waste, like lingering nuclear waste.
  But Fred's Cafe did serve fish, a sore as sandwiches.
  So if you want a big fish sandwich,  approximately a little under 500 miles from the Pacific Ocean  in the middle of the desert in Arizona, Fred's Diner, Fred's Cafe,  whatever they called it, is your spot to go.
  I went to Chris Angel's restaurant, Kblip.
  That's true.
  About as far from anything as this sounds.
  So I I'm not above this kind of shit.
  I specifically asked you how you felt after you ate there.
  You said you held up fine and like it was OK.
  So you're shocked.
  You loved it.
 Yeah.
  So I might.
 Yeah.
  Maybe all my favorite food awaits in deep deserts.
  Still an hour away from major attraction.
  Yeah.
 Cafes.
  I think I there was various travel blogs that stopped at this place.
  And I just saw one of their entries was like, where to get fudge by the Grand Canyon?  So the universal treat fudge.
  So you can get a fish or a sandwich, and then you can drive another  30 to 50 miles and find a fudge shop by the Grand Canyon.
  What is your favorite fudge of all time?  Oh, I like to strip.
  I mean, it's very popular at the Jersey Shore.
  Yeah, no.
 But I mean, like, is that is that where you would if you could get any fudge  right now and you would say, say you were to impress Scott,  say Scott never had fudge before because he doesn't he doesn't eat the treats that we do.
  And which fudge, if it was easily available, would you get desert island fudge?  Yes, it would be Jason's desert island island fudge.
  You know, it's if you go to like Ocean City,  you might be a Frelinger's guy or Shriver's guy or fudge kitchen guy.
  A lot of these places are like 100 years old at this point.
  And still using the same kettles or like taffy making.
  That's what makes it good.
  Probably a good move.
  I think fudge kitchen is a good place to start.
  Kind of famously always has people with trays giving out samples of fudge.
  That's on the Jersey Shore.
  Yes, that's in numerous towns at the Jersey Shore.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  So how would you even say like that fudge compares to like a Disneyland fudge?  Um, I haven't had a Disneyland fudge in a while.
  I think I got the like churro fudge, like kind of a vanilla cinnamon fudge.
  Right.
 It was pretty good.
  OK.
 It's kind of hard to mess up fudge, honestly.
  OK, so you're not even you don't have maybe like, oh, my God, this is the ultimate fudge.
  I like a simple chocolate because I find like walnuts or nuts and fudge kind of overwhelms.
  The flavor.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Oh, OK.
  I'm agreeing with you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 So fudge factory.
 Yeah.
  Is that what you said? Fudge kitchen.
 Fudge kitchen.
  They have a big.
  Impossible to remember brand name, but they have a big like kettle.
  Like Scott Granator.
 You use a paddle like you whip it.
  I think that's why they're fun.
  You use a paddle to make a paddle to whip it in a big copper kettle.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  So it's like what we did when we were in the Disneyland.
  We were rowing.
 Yeah, kind of.
  Yeah.
 So imagine that's all like, you know, chocolate and milk and sugar.
  OK.
 And if somebody told you that there was a paddle coming for your ass,  but maybe the paddle is covered in if it's great.
  You got to lick the fudge kitchen paddle after it's been in the copper kettle.
  I this is this is a future present for Jason.
  Yeah.
 Giving up giving him a big paddle paddle.
  But maybe maybe this is a thing because I think you can still buy  like a carnation fudge kit, which is like a can of condensed milk, cocoa,  like everything you need in one box and a little ore.
  Uh, I think you can substitute a spoon or a spatula.
  I tried one more time with this AI, because I said, God, we tried twice.
  Let me try three times.
  So I wrote Flintstones Avatar.
  Oh, and let down yet again.
  This is not a merger of the Navi.
  No, it doesn't work.
 It's not working.
  This thing sucks.
  Yeah, this is the worst thing we've ever done.
  I think I was looking on a different website and it makes it look a lot smearier.
  It's like a lot with Fred has like a little way fairy wings, but I don't know.
  It looks like there's one that's like blue, but this this sucks.
  I'm so sorry.
 Let's throw your phone.
  I edit this out.
 Let's edit all of this out.
  Scrap it.
 Scrap it.
  And it all references to Navi out of the podcast.
  Do you want to? But not not every episode because there's  yes, every episode referenced in every episode.
  Even Dragitar.
 Oh, jeez.
  Oh, I remember one thing.
  I found there's a clip online of like one minute or 10 minutes,  a few minutes of the there was a brief stage show at King's Dominion.
  Oh, OK.
 With Flintstone characters.
  And that also involves them going to Holly Rock.
  OK, perfect.
 So I think this is post.
  This is post paramount because they say like, oh, they make movies here  like Days of Boulder, which is a days of thunder reference.
  Likely said, because there was a days of thunder simulator.
  The traction.
 Oh, right.
 Right.
 Right.
 OK.
  Days of Boulder.
 That's what your end.
  Now, no one wants to see you.
  The Flintstones then go watch movies about rocks.
  Don't they want to imagine maybe they can't.
  I don't think they can.
 Are rocks their god?  It's probably what they think.
  But it's not their money.
 Seashells are their money.
  Or like sand dollars, I think.
 Right.
  I think it's a mix.
  I'm not thinking about it.
  There's another Flintstones.
  There's so much like there's a man called Flintstone movie  that I think was like a spy parody that Fred was in that I think I watched  when I was sick once, which made me hate it,  which I feel like there's stuff that's associated with when you were little  and you're sick and it just ruins whatever you're watching sometimes forever,  unless you watched it again.
  But then there was one and maybe it was that or maybe no, it was something  in the 90s where Sylvester Stallone was parody and he was Sylvester Stallone stone.
  That sucks.
  It's Stallone stone.
 Stallone stone.
  Yeah, that's pretty rough.
  That's like Sylvester Stallone stone.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, that's not very good.
  Sylvester Stallagite?  It rhymes with stone.
  You gotta use.
 I guess you gotta do the stone.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Stone.
  Well, you know what?  Hey, when then you put us in the driver's seat and we made out like that app.
  We bungled it.
 Yeah.
  I mean, this is what that's why you pay those.
  That's why they paid those 70 year old men to write all of those.
  No, they poured over it.
  They poured over.
 They were so, oh, we can't think of the right name.
  Oh, they didn't say like, oh, what is it?  Oh, yeah.
 OK, well, let's go to lunch.
  Their eyes totally dried out because the room is just filled  with Winston cigarette smoke.
  Well, they sponsored it.
  It was sponsored box after box.
  It was that crafty.
  The writers.
  Can I ask for a photo also of if you see like a there's  there's a black and white photo of a guy of a shirtless guy.
  And I just want to make sure you guys saw this picture of what  the voice of Fred Flintstone looks like.
  Alan Reed, not Alan Hale.
  Alan Hale is the skipper with the lobster barrel.
  Alan Reed, look at this man.
  There's a black and white photo of a guy with no shirt.
  And he is he's got a ship wheel, a captain's wheel.
  And he's so sweaty.
  This is the voice of Fred.
  Hey, we've heard this guy's voice our whole lives.
  And he's this and he's it's that kind of insane body.
  That's what strong people looked like.
  He looks like a hundred years ago.
  If you know wrestling looks like George Animal Steel.
  If you ever seen the movie, I would.
  He's played by.
  Why can't I think of the guy's name?  I forget it's one of the wrestlers that plays him.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  It's usually George Animal Steel plays the older wrestler.
  Excuse me.
 Oh, I see.
  And I can't think of his name.
  But yeah, it's like an old kind of barrel chested.
  That's kind of like I just are.
  Are there even bodies like this now where you are jacked  but also have a big belly?  George, the animal steel played tour, John.
  Yes, yes, yes.
 I got confused.
  Yeah, sorry.
 Yeah.
  This was the fittest man in America.
  It is.
 This is a by the way.
  Yeah.
 Take a look.
  Trying to steer away from the many, many women chasing after him.
  This guy is Alan.
  No, I'm Mary.
  He's probably 31 years old here.
  I think so.
  It's probably younger than the three of us, for sure.
  Yeah.
 In his 50s.
  Hannah and Barbera would call him kid at this point.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Slow your roll, kid, on these contract negotiations.
  He looks like Fred.
  I'll say that.
 He looks like, oh yeah, that guy would do Fred's voice.
  Sometimes you're surprised.
  Sometimes you're like surprised when you see him, but not.
  No, no.
 This is insane.
  I think this is what people this is what like Trump  acolytes think he looks like underneath the suit.
  Like, oh, sure.
  They're like they know that he's not skinny.
  So they got to account for that.
  But they get but he can only be brawny.
  Right.
 That must be what's going on.
  If he were to take that suit off ever, he looks like he looks like  1910s boxer.
  He looks like a smiling, old timey, strong man  who just got a barrel of vegetable oil thrown on him.
  And he's thrilled.
 He's happy about it.
  Most people if you ask about presidential candidates,  who would you want to have a beer with?  But they but it's with Trump people, it's like who could wrestle an alligator  if an alligator showed up at my front door?  Yeah, I mean, I there's definitely a section of people, I believe.
  Yeah, what you're saying is correct.
  I also there's probably just a section that literally just like you,  if you got into their brain, it's just like they see like the handsome  the most like Zeus, they see like the most handsome version of like King Triton.
  Oh, yeah.
 They just don't even just like a little squish.
  And it corrects every like they've they've got a you've got a perma  Instagram filter on every piece of footage.
  Yeah, you've described that the section of the of the supporters  who have maybe like a fingernail in reality.
  Yeah, I'm describing to do the logic of.
  Well, yeah, I've been playing that logic.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And I'm just saying like there's a little bit of reality going on.
  My the people I'm talking about, I think it's more like literally King  Triton at the end of The Little Mermaid, because they see like the toughest man alive.
  Yeah, which, yeah, newsflash folks.
  So so they're not the case that that is half the electorate.
  And then the other half is people who hold like the most insane set of opinions,  just no consistency of just like, well, sure.
  Well, everyone should have health care.
  We need to do something about global warming.
  We cannot get rid of the death penalty.
  We need that.
 Our society will fall apart.
  King Triton says so.
 Yeah.
  King Triton said so.
  Trump is King Triton.
  So, yeah, yeah, this is a fantastic picture of this.
  As long as we can.
  But let's also is there anything we have to say about this recent ride?  Oh, this Abu Dhabi.
 I'll say this.
  It looks good.
 It kind of does.
  It's not like the first proper.
  If you don't ever haven't seen a video, it's the first like actually fully committed.
  There is like Kings Island at one of these places that a dinky  something called Fred Flintstone splashdown.
  But I don't think you got any robots on that thing.
  But this is this is a boat ride.
  It's a tame flume ride where you go to bedrock and there's,  you know, a screen.
  It's like a there's a turntable where they spin the boat around and you see the  iconic, you have a daba do opening of Fred leaving work  because he's like every American man, he hates work with a passion.
  Yeah, I think that opening goes a long way.
  I think people like the opening.
  I think the opening glued in people's minds.
  I think the song is catchy.
 Oh, of course.
 Yes.
  Yeah, there's a there's a lot, I think, that made the Simpsons so ubiquitous.
  It is the and the and the Flintstones.
  Well, the Flintstones.
  Well, you were thinking of the fact that it was parodied on the Simpsons.
  Was parodied where Homer jumps out of the plan.
  Yeah.
 Homer, yeah, hits a chestnut tree.
  But the Flintstones is like a ubiquitous reference that like TV networks  and movie studios nowadays try to like generate out of nothing.
  Yeah, it's the iconography is so strong still with the Flintstones,  which maybe goes to my point earlier, like I don't know how many classic plots  people might remember, but they know they love the opening.
  They know they love the characters.
  They like, yeah, the aesthetic of it maybe.
  And again, we're going to be bombarded with all your letters.
  So sorry for people going to say you're wrong.
  There's like 10 classic Flintstone episodes.
  And there's also like the little nuggets of like,  if you walk up to people on the street and you go 10 million strong, like,  will they say, grow, grow?  Yeah, yeah.
 Which I could those vitamins be good for you?  I don't know.
 We had them growing up.
  I mean, I guess they probably have to pass some test, but who knows?  I kind of like the taste of those.
  I love the taste of those.
 Maybe I'll make a cheesecake with ground up  Flintstone vitamins.
 Oh, delicious.
 I love I love Flintstone vitamins.
  I remember when they added.
  Was it Bam Bam to that to the vitamins?  They added a character in the 90s, and it may as well have like  thrown me an extra birthday that year.
  That's how excited I was.
  I remember that I should see because they added like say was Bam Bam  because it did bother me that all the characters were not eatable  because I wanted to eat all the characters.
  I want to eat all my friends because it was fun taking vitamin every day  when you eat one of the Flintstones.
  You could pretend you were the biggest dinosaur.
  Yeah.
 Chewing all of these cavemen.
  Yes.
 Ending their lives.
  Did they have to have a meeting where like, well, can we put Bam Bam in there?  Wouldn't the kids expect him to be like hit and stuff with his club?  Bad influence.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Bam Bam.
 Kind of a.
  If we take the weapon away.
  A precursor to dinosaurs to baby.
  What's his face from not not the mama baby dinosaur.
  Baby Sinclair.
 Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 Sinclair.
 All right.
  I was wrong about what happened.
  OK, this is a this is a travesty.
  Well, it's cut the letter off at the pass.
  So this is going to be all right.
  Move.
 We're going to edit this into this front of the episode  because it's so important.
  The vitamins are widely available.
  They were the shapes of Fred, Wilma, Pebbles, Barney, Betty, Bam Bam,  Rebel Dino and the Great Gazoo for over 20 years.
  Betty was not included as one of the vitamins.
  However, after a grassroots campaign and the results of a Bayer  telephone poll came in favor of including Betty,  the character was added to the lineup in 1995, replacing what?  The Flintstones car.
  They did the car and not Betty.
  Jesus.
 Come on.
  Wow.
 Betty's like a main Betty's like a main character.
  Was this the Stone Age when all this happened?  It really is shocking.
  How did we live like this?  But does this car get more screen time than Betty?  I don't know if Betty's in episodes.
  She's in a good amount of episodes.
  I feel like they got a lot of mileage.
  She's in every what do you mean?  But here's the letters.
  Betty's in every episode.
  How many minutes does the car get versus Betty?  Oh, she's in more than the car.
  This is an insane argument.
  But people know the car.
  There's a lot of the time.
  Here's the thing.
 I haven't watched a Flintstone episode in a hundred years.
  So I don't think there's just like scenes with like the shots of the car  in the driveway over cool guitar.
  But you went out of your way to talk about the ribs knocking over the car.
  What Betty specific memories have you brought up?  Her and Wilma are in the midst of making an anti-Betty.
  I'm not saying he doesn't want Betty in the vitamins.
  He's trying to make it like Betty.
  The car is more like we are Betty.
  We're all Betty fans.
  Jason is trying to say that perhaps the car is a more popular character  than Betty in the original.
  I'm saying back in the day, they may have given her more screen time.
  There's another the car.
  I think the car Betty was more in the show.
  But people remember the car.
  Yeah, I think people remember Betty.
  Tell me tell me some qualities of Betty Rubble.
  She's nice.
 Nice.
  OK, she's nice.
  She's nice.
 What's the quality of the car?  And what's the quality of Wilma?  We could name one of those, Dum Dum.
  The car isn't balanced well, clearly, or it shouldn't be.
  That's a rib problem, not a car problem.
  Look, what is Fred? What is Fred and Barney?  What are their qualities? Dumb?  They're both dumb.
 Wilma and Betty are smarter.
  I know how they they I know how they believe what a cigarette should do.
  There's another very funny commercial.
  Fine cigarettes.
 That's a quality.
  Is there a Bechtel test that is about vitamins, is about children's vitamins  where there are women are well represented vitamins?  I would say, well, most vitamins do not represent women at all.
  They're just plain pills.
  That's a good point.
 They don't represent men either.
  But that's not the issue.
  Is there another fighting for women to be all vitamins to be women shaped?  It is crazy.
 And I will say all kidding aside, it is sexist.
  The Betty wasn't a vitamin.
  It absolutely is.
  Over the car.
 Mm hmm.
 That's crazy.
  Is there another vitamin that has characters on it?  There has to be, right? Surely at this point.
  I mean, at this point, there's gummies, but not from our childhood.
  I feel like Flintstones was the only probably.
  What if this is industry wide?  There's Disney vitamins and there's we're going to have to look.
  No, many there is a superhero vitamins with no Wonder Woman.
  Because they're the whole the whole and it's I think it's different,  a little bit different now.
  But in the in the old days, we were buying toys.
  And I'm sure I've talked about this before, is that the female characters  were not well represented because the philosophy was, well, these are boys  toys and boys don't like the female characters, which not really true.
  It's just another like so they would be very hard to find in the cases.
  So I'm guessing it's the same like sort of philosophy of like,  you know, a little boy is going to want it.
  Chew on a car more than Betty, you know, little boy.
  We need them to grow.
  We need them to be to be strong and growing like our song says.
  And if there's if they're throwing all those babies in the trash,  they're we're going to have an entire generation of stunted growth.
  Yeah.
 Also, what's crazy about it is they couldn't just add Betty.
  They had to take one out.
 Yeah.
  What was removed again? The car.
  That was a switch out.
 OK, OK.
  So like, why didn't they just add one?  Or is like there was a like either was a giant apparatus  you'd seen in Mr.
 Rogers video that would make each vitamin.
  And they were like, we don't have room for another one.
  So we got to just get rid of the car.
  The pure unit cost of like the extra five cents per bottle  multiplied by however many million.
 Right.
  And also, you said they had the great Gazoo.
  Who is who?  Or one season character that a lot of people didn't like.
  So I memory hold it in a in a way where like Bam Bam,  because it was a member of Betty's family.
  And that made more sense to me.
  I didn't even remember Gazoo was in the light.
  You had to do that to grapple with how this could have even occurred.
  Betty would not be in the.
  You were a completist even as a child.
  You wanted each full family unit.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You wanted the full nuclear family, both nuclear families.
  And I also wanted to eat Mr.
 Slate, but that never happened.
  Although I guess it still could happen if we start.
  What is what happened with Betty?  A Bayer telephone poll came in favor of Betty, which what?  Bayer the company, not a it wasn't a Bayer didn't conduct a  so does resulting in ads that say Betty's here.
  What what if this was and this was until ninety five?  So we were all.
 Yeah.
  So I do remember them adding a character and it was Betty.
  It was not Bam Bam.
  But I was excited because it was a big oversight.
  It was weird.
  And I remember feeling it was weird that everybody wasn't on the vitamins.
  Yeah, we just gave up on the vitamins at a certain point.
  I have read and I say recently in the last five years,  I have bought Flintstone vitamins and had them instead of my regular  multivitamin.
 Is that right?  You know, it was just one so fun.
 It's fun.
  If you compare that taste, how does that hold up?  They're fantastic.
 They taste.
 They're delicious.
  I remember kind of like the it's kind of like a grape  and then a slightly different grape and then maybe maybe a darker grape.
  It's like cherry orange grape.
  It's the fundamentals of popsicle flavors  that we grew up with those three flavors.
  You could you start the day eating a little treat, a little piece of candy.
  It's like why gummy vitamins are fun.
  Yes.
 And I wish I'd buy sometimes as well.
  But they are not.
 Oh, you know, I have them right now.
  I go back and forth between like adult flavorless things.
  And then I'll do a gummy once in a while.
  Some of those gummies, female.
  These are all no way to know.
  Little blobs.
 These are sure.
  These actually do have a little coat of sugar on them.
  I'm thinking about it.
  I guess we have to assume that some of them are,  because if gummy bears are able to reproduce and repopulate, then  like the spider robots on the.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, that's a that's a nonsexual type of republic population, I guess.
  Yeah.
 So so you're so maybe gummy bears create themselves.
  That's very yeah.
  In which the gummy bears don't have sex.
 Right.
  So so what were we talking about?  Flintstones, Warner Brothers.
  What's that? They have gummy Flintstone vitamins.
  Yes, I've seen this.
 Yeah.
 But are they characters?  That's a good question.
  Yeah.
 So we'll do a whole look gummy.
  We'll do a whole gummy vitamins.
  Well, we'll start your own mccasey  taste.
 We will give you a vitamin course.
  So I remember I know we're still recording, right?  This is the we did.
 The tape didn't run out.
  Like we're still going here because I remember I just opened this up  and I remember when they introduced the new Flintstone vitamins,  extra C with immunity support.
  I remember this orange box and I'll show this.
  Why do you remember that?  Because I remember I was very I like that close up on Jason's.
  Look at that rack focus.
 Look at that.
  That's a great shot.
  I could see your watch to Jason.
 You remember this?  Yeah.
 So I was heavily.
  Yeah.
 What are you talking about?  You remember when the box changed to be about a different version?  It was a different version.
  And he says, yeah, wait a minute.
  You when did this? Why do you remember this?  I just remember like going.
  We went to the grocery store and we got, oh, there's a new colored box  for Flintstone vitamins in it.
  And they have a lot of different of course.
  Jason's even like worrying about something else.
  He's like, yeah, shut up.
 I got other shit to do.
  You remember when the box color changed? Yes, yes, I do.
  Well, I'm looking at all.
  They got multiple boxes, bottles like, oh, elderberry gummies.
  Why? I still don't understand why you were so excited about that.
  But you're like, here, let me get in different camera angles  to show you that now it's orange because I realize that the thing.
  OK, earlier I am going to amend my list.
  I'm going to put Flintstone vitamins number one.
  Actually, clearly, because apparently I'm unlocking the most excited.
  I've seen you in months.
 I'm unlucky.
  It's the first time I get in all the cameras.
  It's the first time I felt anything in maybe pre pandemic before pre pandemic.
  So, yeah, I still don't think I understood.
  Wait, wait, say it one more time.
  What happened? What's up with this box that was so interesting?  There was a new Flintstone vitamins  which had immunity, like vitamin C, extra vitamin C.
  And I remember going in the aisle because I think the regular box,  maybe it was a little more red.
 Yeah, it was like this.
  This was more the color of it.
 Red.
  And then there was like one with and I remember when we started buying  Flintstones with immunity support.
  And I remember in the same way that they talk about, you know, like you were looking  like a kid in the 70s is looking at like Ziggy Stardust.
  He's staring at the album cover.
  I remember just like the image of this orange Flintstones  plus immunity support box with extra vitamin C.
  I remember it so well and vividly.
  And maybe it wasn't exactly the thing I'm looking here, but it was was similar.
  Is it the color?  It was the idea that you wanted the immunity support.
  I wanted but I was like this with any food.
  This is like a new flavor and this is a sequel.
  It's Flintstones vitamins.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But OK, yeah, we just I just came upon there was a cereal that was a comic strip cereal.
  I don't know if you guys remember this.
  Anything with characters, I was just  color hammered with different colors, product art and like vitamin  art was not that dissimilar from like toy art.
  Yes.
 So so in the same way you get in your room, you look at the liner notes of an album.
  I just took that Flintstones vitamin C box and I looked I was like,  oh, wow, this is so cool and read every like eating  Zeen, Zeen, a theme right.
  Oh, high in a core theme.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  This man, so many vitamins to explore.
  It's like an almost famous movie to be made about me and like eating  like Ninja Turtle cereal and Flintstones vitamins.
  This is what I'm talking about.
  And I remember before we started here today, I was like,  oh, you know, we probably could do a real like concise episode about Flintstones.
  But no, hell no.
  Here's a picture of morning funny cereal, which we absolutely had a box of.
  So there which Family Circus is one of them.
  Yes.
 So is one of them.
  It's basically like there's a comic strip on the front and it's Beatle Bailey  and High and Lowest and Dennis the Menace.
  And it's basically just looks like some version of tricks.
  And there it is right there for you.
  You've made the audience.
  They're all one person who you're showing shit to on your phone.
  That's a yes.
 That's what it is.
  And that's what the whole podcast exactly in general.
  So so, yeah, all that stuff just as a kid.
  They could easily trick you with packaging and everything.
  That being said, the Abu Dhabi Flintstones ride, I think is good.
  I think the robots maybe can move a little bit more, but it's a nice long ride.
  I think they've got references to the show.
  There's like a Beatles parody at the end of it.
  And I feel like they that's the closest thing to it being right.
  I don't think anyone will ever do a better  unless Flintstones like has a crazy resurgence in popularity.
  I feel like that is kind of maybe the ultimate Flintstones ride in a lot of ways.
  I think so.
  But however, you lost me because now I'm trying to find has anyone ever posted  like I'm like, what do I search for Flintstones immunity support new  Flintstones immunity support excited childhood memory.
  I don't know what to find.
  And this bit like am I setting myself up for another?  You never know with these things either.
  This is very singular, although not because it's both of you.
  Yeah.
 Or again, I am the it's got to know that when the new  box with the orange was there, that it was important.
  I think people will remember that box.
  I don't think Jason was doing it.
  But is anyone's voice ever raised about it, which even Jason's did not.
  Even in his quick agreement, to be fair, though, he was busy with something else.
  So he didn't give us full energy to it.
  I was just making sure they are still appear to have all eight.
  OK, good.
 You know, but I'm not I'm not putting you down for nothing.
  I'm just saying that maybe if you had got full attention,  you would have raised your voice in excitement.
  Yeah.
 Remember the orange.
  You would have like gotten up and started doing Gangnam style.
  Well, TV was kind of a third parent.
  I know my parents were neglectful, but I just watched a lot of TV.
  Yeah, sure.
 And I did not.
  And that's why you were excited about commercial.
  And you wanted to eat them.
  Huh? You watch TV and you wanted to eat them.
  That's what I wanted to consume, though.
  I needed I needed a little snack in the morning.
  I need a little sweet treat because there wasn't enough sugar in the orange juice.
  Two percent milk and the, you know, cookie checks.
  OK, I've here.
  Look, I've never been more curious.
  If this is an important memory for anyone else,  is the switch from Flintstones vitamins not a switch, just a new version.
  Yeah, new Malibu Stacy has a new hat.
  You know, it worked on us.
  If you remember when that happened, yeah, please let us know.
  Here, fully like the immunity support helped me survive.
  Yeah.
 Bird flu.
  You're right.
 The mad cow.
  Who knows in the 90s what I have also never noticed a difference  in how I feel when I take a multivitamin B12.
  I feel a little energy vitamins in general.
  It's like, well, what is what is it doing?  Yeah.
 You know what I mean?  Like it's like zinc.
  You're supposed to say zinc if you feel like you have a cold coming on or an illness,  which I accidentally took once on an empty stomach and immediately vomited.
  Yeah.
 Big mistake.
 Yeah.
  Do that.
 But but supposedly zinc, there's some evidence that it helps.
  But ultimately, you'll never know.
  You take a zinc, you go to bed.
  Maybe it would have.
  You'll never literally know.
  Yeah.
 Other than just having the only time you'll know is like  if you take a blood test and they go, you need more vitamin D or, you know, whatever.
  Right.
 Then you can like there's a measurable thing.
  But ultimately, yeah, it's not like you take a vitamin in the morning and you go like,  oh, I'm out of work.
 I feel great.
  Well, you're you're both ruining our eventual business of podcast, the ride supplements.
  Oh, man.
 Oh, sure.
  We could make that happen.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Still.
  That's where we say we wanted to come up with something that does do something.
  And all of the pills are shaped like different female characters that we admire.
  Yes.
 Not one male character in.
  I was going to be not a car.
  Jean Grey, Aurora Monroe, all the Asian women from the X-Men.
  They're they're fictional.
  They're fictional women.
  Chasor Chase Meridian is the is my main pick.
  If we all have to draft famous women to be our in our vitamins,  Chase Meridian is my number one.
  Just staring, Mike, just staring at the Chase Meridian  adverts in the newspaper and the Chicago Sun Times.
  Hey, but not hearing sexy sex.
  No sex.
 It's a pure love.
  It's not a silence of pure respectful.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Nothing untoward.
  Guys, you survived podcast.
  The ride.
 We've been talking about vitamins for 45.
  A lot of it was vital, maybe enough where we have to change the name of the episode.
  We'll discuss that down the road.
  But in the meantime, you can find us on all the socials at podcast.
  The ride merch is available in our tea public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out podcast, the ride, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  And guess what? There's a new we have a new new.
  It's not immunity support.
  No, it's as exciting as a change of a color on a box  because we have a new patron to your club three, where you get one more bonus episode  every month, plus our main feed episodes ad free.
  And again, that's all available at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  As well as podcast, the rides, unlicensed  supplements with unlicensed female characters who we write.
  Yes, that's true.
 There'll be a lot of fun stuff there.
  Real quick, I wanted to add right before we got here today, I thought, you know,  I want people to imagine, like, you know, any of these episodes, there's  infinite, you know, there's an infinite amount of universes.
  There's an infinite amount of ways things can go.
  And I just want people now to imagine if you're if you've a longtime listener  of the podcast, imagine if this episode, like it was a fourth character  and it was like the great bug zoo who was here with us.
  Oh, and I just thought of it before coming here.
  So we didn't even.
  So I'm not saying it has to happen in the future, but there is a universe  where it did happen.
 Yeah.
  Well, he should the great bug zoo  should probably pop up in a non Flintstones episode.
  Sure.
 Yeah, it's possible.
  Surprise them.
  Yeah, like just imagine if that had happened during this whole episode.
  Yeah.
 What would have happened?  Then we can call it a square for all the new Club Three members  who were like, you guys should watch Escape from Tomorrow.
  Whose serial did I shit in that I got that curse?  Well, they want it.
 They want it.
  You know, we aim to please.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 So great bugs.
  So we should have thought of a 9-11 release dissolve from the  them.
 Yeah.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Brett  Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest ForeverDog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at ForeverDog team and liking our page on Facebook.
