 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  What's up, Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  Mike Carlson is adjusting levels.
  Hello, I was adjusting levels.
  But he's back up to the mic.
  You made it just in time.
  That's like a rock, it's like a Springsteen where like, you know, the chorus is coming  in, you're kind of across this, like, little Stephen's across the stage, but he's got to  kind of make it back.
  It's exactly like that.
  Yeah.
  Exactly.
  It was as exciting as that.
  Uh-huh.
  You made it.
  Our E Street Band-esque chemistry is apparent here as we head into a PTR post office episode.
  We're going to take some of your questions here.
  And this is a good day, I feel, to be doing it because I have recently been reminded of  the value of communication with the listeners, of the good that can come when you're in contact  with the listeners.
  Do you guys notice anything different about the garage we're recording right now?  Yes, I notice about three differences, one of which I almost like walked right into as  I was entering.
  Well, that will not always be in your way, but I wanted to pull it out, make sure you  saw it.
  Do you want to just, you know, I'll go through them individually, but can you just say what  generally are we seeing here?  It appears that there are pieces of the closed fries in the garage now.
  I think I see three, there could be more.
  That is correct.
  The fries electronics store.
  Yes, yeah.
  We now are, we're getting closer to my dream of recording in a defunct fries electronics.
  Longtime listeners know the full fries electronics saga.
  I've had a passion for this brand that's had a rough time from the high highs of allowing  me to be an astronaut in a video in their Anaheim store for two days.
  Probably just one, probably didn't use it after I left.
  To the low lows of the store disappearing entirely.
  It's been a crazy ride for fries electronics.
  I'm so fond of the brand still and all of the fun theming that they do.
  And thanks to listener Emmy, who has one of the great Twitter handles I've ever come across,  which is radscorpion69.
  Yes.
  Whenever one of these new things pops up, there's a land grab for getting the cool names.
  And she just walked right in and got radscorpion69, I assume without even a bidding war.
  So kudos on landing that.
  She let me know on Twitter that there was a liquidation sale going on at the Burbank Fries.
  It led me to a very cryptic website where I had to email a cryptic email address.
  This was not a real open to the public, big.
.
.
  By the time I did it, a couple emails were exchanged and I got somebody's phone number.
  And then I popped over there and it was.
.
.
  I mean, everything was still super.
.
.
  Actually, it was oddly populated because they were filming a movie.
  I don't know where, but the parking lot was being used for movie parking.
  So I got waved in by somebody who made a gesture like, oh, you're part of the thing.
  And I was like, you mean the fries sale?  Of course.
 Oh, there was hundreds of people here, understandably.
  But it was at that moment just me.
  So it was like me and the guy who was from whatever liquidation firm was selling all of these things.
  I think there was one group wrapping up the sale in front of me.
  And they were buying like a bunch of stanchions, like line separators.
  For a different.
.
.
 like a business maybe.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And that's completely what everything was at this.
  It was like, if you need magnet boards or a bunch of old adding machines,  or you can run your business off of 35-year-old printers, then grab them here.
  And clearly the desire was, please come and spend hundreds of dollars on business functional items.
  So when I walk in and go, I really like the theming of the.
.
.
  I really like that it's kind of this.
.
.
 all that 50s sci-fi.
  It's kind of like Tim Burton's Burbank that it's paying tribute to.
  And I really like.
.
.
 so do you have any of that?  Like the trains and the guys like, no, no.
  The company.
.
.
 the fries people took all that.
  I think that might be true across the brand that they just.
.
.
 anything super cool.
  Because if you don't know or don't recall the Burbank fries, it might have been the best one.
  It's way up there in terms of.
.
.
 you guys went at some point.
  A giant spider taking it over.
 Was it a spider or an ant?  Oh wait, it was an ant.
 I think you're right.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
  And not only that, but then mannequins of soldiers who know that they might be dead in the next minute, throwing bombs at the.
.
.
 yeah.
  Terrorists' faces.
 Terror-stricken soldiers.
  UFO.
 Yeah, like UFO attack stuff.
 Yeah, pretty crazy.
  It was a violent.
.
.
 so you were depicting the absolute climax of a film that might end up kind of disturbing.
  You will get.
.
.
 yeah, if you were in the film, you would want to get yourself in a thick fridge and make sure that that A-bomb didn't go off before you got in the fridge.
  Yeah.
 The kind of thing that happened in those movies that they're paying tribute to.
  Or you might end up having to swing through the vines with.
.
.
  Well, a little later you would.
 Later you would swing through vines with monkeys.
  An army of realistic monkeys.
 Yeah.
  So anyways, I was hoping to score something in that neck of the woods, like an alien tentacle or they had model trains everywhere.
  That's what I was hoping for.
 But I walked in there and it was pretty functional.
  However, I'm very happy with the functional items that I ended up with.
  If I could take you through them, up above the door now, there's a sign with Charlie Chip, my mascot friend, who came out to greet me like I was having a birthday party at Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  We did the Anaheim event.
 They made some 17-year-old put on a smelly old costume before he lost his job forever the next day.
  But it worked out for me.
 Anyway, this sign says, Team Knowledge Pledge.
  I will apply the principles of Team Knowledge every day to make Fry's a better place for our customers to shop and our associates to work.
  That's a lot of.
.
.
 The other item that I found is similar.
 It's like employee break room motivational.
  Yeah.
 Like the black background, the picture, and then the white text.
 Usually the white text is pretty short.
 This is kind of long.
  Yeah, yeah.
 The other one, and this is my favorite.
 They had a set of three of these, but I didn't want to buy all of them.
  So I separated them from their brothers.
 And I got the one that called to me the most.
  The one that I felt a sense of urgency about buying because it says sense of urgency.
  And it's a.
.
.
 Then the white.
.
.
 It's the black, as you said, and then the white border photo is a cheetah, I think.
  And Mike, can I make you read it because you're close or Jason? I got a lot of glare on it.
  Yeah, I think I can do it.
 Fry's is dedicated to giving fast service, fast is uppercase, fast service to all of our customers.
  You must do your very best to have a sense of urgency to complete your job responsibly as quickly and as accurately as possible to provide the highest level of customer service possible.
  Great.
 Catchy.
 A reason for it to be as long as it was and not the abbreviated length that Jason referred to.
  Gotta get the word possible in there twice.
 As possible.
  Yeah, possible doesn't need to be.
.
.
 Yeah, my editor brain was like, no, I don't think that's.
.
.
  Yeah, very close within the same sentence.
 But yeah, not a sense of urgency to edit the copywriting, but providing a sense of urgency to the.
.
.
  And so I'm kind of hoping also that maybe it's motivational for us in this space, that we will feel a sense of urgency to, I don't know, I guess, keep not talking about rides as long as we can.
  Whatever it is you guys feel a sense of urgency about, I hope that the cheetah is inspiring to you in some way.
  Yeah, it is inspiring me.
 I just have a quick question.
 When you were bidding, were you bidding against like, you know, like David Copperfield and different like John Stamos?  Were there big celebrities trying to get these items as well?  There was a notable lack of celebrities and other people.
  Was there a notable lack of bidding?  Yeah, there was no bidding.
 There was just prices set.
 All pretty reasonable.
  The like the one, this Charlie Chip sign, I went and found behind some other bullshit and he just kind of made up the price on the spot, which was 10 bucks.
  Price is right for me.
 You know, I got away pretty easy on all of this.
  The where I had trouble was, and this was a disappointment.
 This was a loss for me, is that the first thing that I went to, and then when the guy said, go take a look around, I went way past where all of the items were, into the very dark store.
  First I went into the completely darkened screening room.
  Oh wow.
  Because if you remember all of these threads, I was very fond of the screening rooms where you could walk into a fries and watch like a soccer game or 30 minutes of Jurassic Park.
  And then probably you wouldn't see anybody else.
 Pretty creepy to be in one of those pitch black.
  Oh yeah.
  A little unsettling.
 If somebody had been there with some sort of like hidden prank show.
  Oh yeah.
  If it had been set up to scare me, it would have been a huge mess for me.
  Pitch black, but you did have to sign the waiver saying they can touch you.
  Like whatever scare actors are in there.
  Charlie Chip.
  Yeah.
  Charlie Chip.
  Okay.
 If it's him, I'll just try to hug him.
  Charlie Chip puts a burlap sack over his head.
  Charlie Chip and the Minotaur.
  Stars plane.
  Oh yeah, the rarely used fries Minotaur.
  You hear the opening credits of Contact.
  Yeah, no, I made it out of there before any of that could happen.
  But then I also made it to the corner because one of the big features of this fries that I liked a lot was something called the Atomic Cafe.
  It was a cafe where it was kind of like a mini version of the Disney MGM Studios,  sci-fi, dine-in theater where they played all the, where you would, the same deal, you would sit in a car.
  You would eat in the car, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, eat in the car and watch old B-movie trailers.
  Like completely that, but within a store and you could get sandwiches and stuff there.
  It's still there.
  The Disney thing?  The Disney one.
  Yes.
  That would be an episode.
  We should do that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The, yes, the Atomic Cafe, when we were doing that episode, I went and I didn't really find any of the sandwiches that appealing.
  So I just got an iced coffee and a slice of lemon cake.
  Oh boy.
  And it was delicious.
  Yeah.
  You're eating it just in a store?  Yeah.
  This is like.
  This is the kind of odd experience that online shopping world does not give us.
  You went and sat in a car for a while under the view of a giant ant.
  I mean, you can still get like a Pizza Hut in a Target once in a while, like here and there.
  That's true.
  There's Starbucks in Target.
  I mean, I know this is more special because it's more unique.
  Yeah, you know, not a lot of theming going on.
  That's the issue.
  When we used to go shop at Venture, one of my favorite retail stores as a child, Venture.
  Oh yeah, so we're called Venture.
  You know, it would smell like stale popcorn because they were pumping popcorn out and I would beg to get an Icy every week.
  And it would not happen every week, but once in a while.
  But I swear we ate we ate a grilled cheese or two at Venture.
  Sure.
  Did a lot of targets have Ices and that's kind of coming back to me.
  Yeah, Target.
  There's still targets with some sort of slush drink.
  A snack bar.
  Yeah.
  Hot dogs, popcorn, Ices were kind of the go to.
  Kmart used to have a big snack bar.
  Oh, totally.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Yes.
  Target, I guess.
  I feel like maybe Starbucks is replacing a lot of like the.
  Yeah.
  Which doesn't feel as special as the Target specific cafe.
  Right.
  Who's running it?  Because I sense that the Atomic Cafe and fries was run by other people than the.
  Like it's a little mini business within the business.
  You know what?  I got a counterfeit $10 bill at the Target snack bar once when I bought a hot dog.
  Whoa.
  Right.
  It's just like.
  Hot dog exchange.
  What was that?  Which Target?  The Burbank one.
  Really?  Which has redone their snack bar Starbucks set up so many times.
  That's sore.
  I feel like a lot of the Targets in the San Fernando Valley are just constantly redoing  themselves.
  Yeah.
  Which I like.
  I kind of appreciate.
  Yeah, I appreciate it.
  Was the $10 billed it and have a picture of the mascot spot dog on it and you didn't notice?  No, it's just the sort of thing where it's like I gave a 20 and got whatever $17 back  and changed.
  Put it in my wallet.
  Tried to pay with the $10 bill to someone else.
  Built it and then did the marker on it and they're like, Hey, sorry, this is counterfeit.
  Whoa.
  I was like, what?  We've called the police and then you got arrested.
  And then I, the next time I was at the Target, I explained the situation.
  I was like, do you have a receipt from the snack bar?  And I was like, I did not ask for a receipt for the hot dog.
  I fucked up.
  So you wouldn't tried to get so open for real dollars.
  No.
  And I think I eventually gave it to the Bank of America.
  Like I looked up, what do you do with counterfeit money?  And they're like, mail it to the FBI or just give it to your bank and say, I received this  and they will turn it in because they want like, you know, they want samples, you know?  Oh, like somebody what somebody's handiwork is like what their, their little signs and  the artistic flourishes might be.
  Not the story of me being scammed that I thought I would start telling today, but I will tell you.
  Oh, yes.
  You have another one.
  We got a scam.
  Well, let me hear.
  I'll keep one instead.
  What I was getting at was that I went back to the Atomic Cafe.
  I was like, you know what I want is the signs for the smoothies because that's what I was  obsessed with an Emmy previously came to a live show and wonderfully gave me a magnet  for my favorite type of fries smoothie, which she took from a Sacramento area store.
  And that was for the smoothie called the Peach Boys.
  And that is on my fridge now.
  It will always be on my fridge.
  There will come a point not too far from now that my son will be competing for spate, like  trying to get his drawings on the fridge and I'll be evaluating.
  Well, is it better than the Peach Boys?  I don't know.
  Like, look, this spate, we don't have all the space in the world.
  So yeah, but he's gonna have to strive now for higher and higher highs in his art.
  He's gonna have to have a sense of urgency.
  Yes.
 And apply the principles of team knowledge every day to make cuter drawings.
  You should take this down and put it in his bedroom.
  God, you're absolutely right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's yeah, you know, you guys are setting your ways here in your 30s.
  Yeah, we my son's all life is ahead of him and he could be inspired by Charlie.
  I mean, you should have bought the full Charlie costume and just put it in the corner of his room.
  Yeah, should reveal that his name is Charles Chip Gardner.
  But anyways, I tried to I was like, can I I am interested in something I would like to buy the Peach Boys magnet specifically off of this.
  And it was like somebody who spent a lot of money already wanted the board.
  And I was like, are you sure that they want the Peach Boys?  Like, I'm not sure about that, but they spent a lot of money already and I at least owe them the all right shit.
  I'm not getting out of here with a second Peach Boys, but I turned and what should I find?  But the crown jewel of this entire thing to me, the sign for the Atomic Cafe.
  Wow.
  With the hours Cafe hours, 311 a.
m.
 to 3 p.
m.
  It is an overhead shot of, as I described this fake sci fi dine in theater with the call with the open air cars.
  And if you look closely, they set up a little scene.
  They got they got extras to wear like poodle skirts and pink lady jackets.
  They set up the ideal what the I thought the fifties immersive experience that the Atomic Cafe could be.
  And that's in my garage.
  It's made me so happy to drive in and see every time I was so excited to show you guys today and try to not refer to it.
  So we started recording the site.
  It took me like a couple like I'm setting up.
  I'm looking at it and I'm like, what?  Like it really I could feel the moves in my brain figuring out what it was again.
  And then I'd referred to like I got a little look at a week to talk about it.
  And then the office is the sign broke.
  Is it falling over?  Yeah, well, the guy told me if you just you know, you could just you could screw it.
  I don't think that's beyond salvageable.
  Yeah, that's it's not only the sign, but in a little like blue, you know, stand up, you know, I put it in front of my house and people would think it was a cafe.
  Right.
 And this so there's screws on the bottom.
  It's not just like bonded to the base.
  No, no, no, I think I could tighten that up.
  That could be standing.
 Yeah, I got a fiddle in the I finally have work to do on the workbench in the garage.
  That's otherwise unused.
  Well, you have a welder's mask that you've had swung up the whole time.
  So I can tell you're eager for it.
  Yeah, we got to wrap this up so I can get to work.
  I got hours to muscle to put into this atomic cafe sign.
  Congratulations.
 This is obviously these are the first three items on your way to like 20 years from now having your own.
  That's from Fry's Electronics Sale, a showcase exhibition, hopefully.
  Oh, yes.
 Like the Richard Craft.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Absolutely.
 And while the fries greats will be there, the fries family will come.
  We'll come to a Q&A.
  Oh, and I forgot one.
 I'm wearing it.
  Zip.
 Whoa.
  I got a shirt and I forget even what it says.
  It's like for their geek squad.
  Yeah, fries now.
 Same day.
 Local delivery.
  Yeah, I don't even know that's a geek squad.
  I think that's just a delivery person.
  Yeah.
 You know, the famous character, the red guy, the red delivery guy.
  There were so many of these shirts.
  Some total of all the items I described.
 60 bucks.
  Wow, really? Yeah, I made it out pretty great.
  And I also, you know, not only was this a great experience, it reminded me of how happy I am in the marriage that I'm in.
  Because knowing that I could come home, say that this is what I've been doing and look what I came back with.
  And she's like, oh, sweet.
  And not what have you done with your time and money.
  So thanks, Aaron, for your support.
  Thanks, Emmy, for letting me know about this and for the Peach Boys to begin with.
  I have one quick other facet to this before you tell your story, Jason, which is I was thinking I was like, I got to like refresh people's memory.
  How do you describe this particular, the vibe of this Burbank fries?  And I came up with that.
 I was like, oh, yeah, it is kind of like Tim Burton's Burbank.
  Because if you don't know, he grew up in the area where we record the show.
  And, you know, he was stuck in one of those Burbank little boxes, you know, the kind that's like the ultimate dream anyone could ever have now to spending two million dollars on one.
  Yeah.
 But so anyway, that's I was thinking about that.
  That like it's funny that that fries was like 50s B movie and it's complete and very Mars attacks and so close to where I was like, where did Tim Burton grow up?  And I looked it up.
 Oh, interesting.
  And he was like half a block away from this huge cemetery, the Valhalla cemetery, which you guys may have passed by.
  Yeah, yeah, you fly over it if you're using Burbank Airport.
  Yeah, it's got like a giant cartoonish, like almost Arc de Triomphe in it.
  Yeah, a huge sort of like temple looking thing.
 I always I remember seeing it from the fries parking lot.
 What is that?  Now I realize it was in the the cemetery, which I've driven through.
 It's kind of a fascinating drive, like a cool environment.
  The Burbank fries shares a border essentially with that.
  Wow.
 Big cemetery, as did like Tim Burton grew up half a block from it.
  He was obsessed with it because you go film little movies there and sneak off to there.
  And it reminded him of the cemetery where the grave robbing happens in Plan 9 from outer space.
  And as I'm looking at the overhead, wow, Tim Burton's house really close to that cemetery.
 What's that over there?  Oh, a specific Google Maps marker for Criswell's grave.
  Criswell, the narrator of Plan 9 from outer space.
  Burton was out of there.
 Criswell died.
  Ultimately, a character in Ed Wood played by horrible man Jeffrey Jones.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 The final resting place of that guy.
  Right where Tim Burton grew up.
 That's wild.
  Isn't a weird little little tie together.
  And not only that, the same interview, because this led me to this article that was about Tim Burton retracing his Burbank steps.
  I got a lizard joining us.
 Got a lizard in the garage.
  Tim Burton.
 Oh, he just tried to jump on the door and missed.
 He wants to check out the fries stuff.
 I understand.
  So anyways, Tim Burton made it out of Burbank to the, you know, the much better, the hallowed grounds of Valencia, California, where he went to Calar.
  And built up his body of work to lead to his career.
  Valencia home not only to CalArts, but also to Magic Mountain.
  And I'd never heard this before in my life that to help pay for art school, Tim Burton would take nighttime work as a Scarecter at Six Flags.
  Wow.
 No way.
 Magic Mountain.
 I've never heard that before.
  The guy with the crazy hair was a Scarecter? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But probably covered in the only one that he name checked was being a mummy.
  That he'd be wrapped up in a very vision restricting mummy costume, running around trying to scare other Valencia teens.
  But that mostly they would get the upper hand and like he and his Scarecter friends would get beat up by the Valencia customers.
  He's what in his early 60s? Am I crazy or is he late 50?  If I'm trying to place this, it's late 70s, early 80s.
 The article referred to it as Fright Fest.
  And that's when I freaked out.
 Like Fright Fest, our favorite thing to talk about.
  And Tim Burton was one of the Valencia teen.
 Yeah, Tim is 63.
  I don't think they were calling it Fright Fest.
 Yeah.
 I don't think that's accurate.
  I'm calling this article the task.
 But either way, he's not making this up.
  Like he for sure Tim Burton was a mummy in Magic Mountain, which is delightful to me.
  You're right.
 That's what I was wondering because yeah, Halloween, whatever their Halloween fest at the time was,  I just wanted to I was wondering, yeah, was it Fright Fest proper or not?  So yeah, he's 63.
 So that was many years ago.
 But yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, late 70s, early 80s.
 I don't know exactly.
  Yeah, you hear a quote.
 You get so abused.
 Once we got chased around by gangs of teenagers,  people just want to abuse characters in a theme park, punching out Winnie the Pooh or something.
  Then add Halloween to the mix.
 It's pretty rough.
 Wow.
  So Tim knew all about it.
 It might have inspired.
 I don't know, either, you know, like the like the brutal,  the Penguin Gang, the clowns in Batman Returns or the brutality of the apes who've taken over the planet  in his classic film from 1999 or 2000 or whatever that was.
  We've got to get Tim on here and not ask about any movies.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, that'd be impossible.
  100 percent of it.
 So like, would you where would you check in?  And what was the what was the minimum wage at that time?  And did you make it all the way through the season? Did they have an unlimited dining plan?  Yeah.
 Was the building was the sign that has a little room at the bottom of it next to the Wendy's?  Did you ever go in there? Was that ever open?  You know, that's right.
 I was you know, it's funny.
 That's exactly where I was right before going to the fries.
  I was like, I need to I need to make a stop at the weird Wendy's, the get the closed gift shop in a Wendy's  parking lot for Magic Mountain way outside of the park.
  Well, I'll transition from there because I ate at that Wendy's like five days ago on the road trip on my road.
  Yeah.
 On the way.
 You were also a go to for both of us is that weird that weird Wendy's.
  I befuddled a Valencia teen at the cash register with my order to Junior Bacon Cheeseburgers, please.
  And he kept ringing up every other burger on the menu.
  And I was like, no, no, the Junior Bacon Cheeseburgers up there right up there.
  Anyway, you know, I befuddled them by asking if I wanted one of these strawberry frosties that people are talking about and have it yet.
  So yeah, it didn't work out for either of us.
  Update.
 So behind the Wendy's is a red lobster behind the red lobster coming soon in an out burger.
  OK.
 So happening in this happening.
 Yeah.
 Boy, oh boy.
  So, yeah, Jane and I went up to Napa Valley, specifically St.
 Helena.
  I think that's how you say it for a wedding.
  One of her college friends was getting married.
  Congratulations to Kathleen and Eric, who are also listeners to this program.
  Oh, great.
 I believe they met working on the great movie.
  What? Oh, wow.
  So we're getting married.
 See?  And hello to the guy who came up to me at the very end of the night and said he had seen us on the George Lucas talk show.
  Oh, well.
 So that was very fun.
  So I had never gone up to Napa Valley before.
  Beautiful area.
 Lots of wineries.
  Big wedding business at those wineries.
  And I have had issues.
  You know, I think we've all had some issues with calling lifts and new beers and stuff.
  Sure.
 Oh, boy.
 Last year or two.
 Oh, yeah.
  Less people are driving.
 You know, it's not the best gig to have during a pandemic.
  So it was kind of staking everything out.
  We got up there.
 We stayed at a very quaint roadside motel called El Bonita Motel, which a beautiful grounds and nice amenities.
  The rooms were probably the height of luxury whenever a year after sideways came out when they clearly were redone.
  But now they're getting the point of like the dresser.
  You know, this dresser drawer is missing a few knobs or like this light switch doesn't really do anything.
  So that said, the gotten out of breakfast was pretty good.
  Mixed review.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, so they got married at the Charles Krug winery, which is owned by Peter Mondavi.
  I started freaking out when I saw the sign is that the lift driver was telling us like, oh, it's the son of Charles Mondavi.
  Oh, Mondavi.
 Got very excited by the other Mondavi.
  So, yeah, I've been looking in the morning to make sure like, OK, well, I'll just I'll just drive down there.
  It is three miles away from where we were staying.
  I will drive down there if we can't figure out a lift like half an hour before, but I'll keep checking.
  So we scheduled like a pickup and I don't know if that really ever does anything.
  But we do get a lift on time and we get a lift there.
  And I'm like, OK, well, then surely we'll be able to get one coming back.
  And I that is apparently where I was wrong.
  So, you know, this is they have like hard outs.
  I think the wineries, there's a lot of restrictions like they can't serve distilled liquor.
  They have to serve fermented like liquor, like their fermented whiskey, gin, vodka.
  It's just we're all of the area.
  Interesting.
 I think it's like old blue laws or something to like old protect the wineries and stuff.
  Oh, that's right.
 And there's like those weddings are pretty like it's 10 or 11 and you're out.
  Yes.
 And so we were, you know, stuff was winding down and we we stepped outside for some air and we start checking for a lift.
  And it's like still looking.
 Not a lot of drivers on the road.
  Still looking, still looking.
 We're doing it on both our phones.
  Tried Uber to and then they both just timed out and said there's no drivers.
  None.
 And again, we're three miles down the road.
  There's not much of a shoulder to walk on.
 Oh, yeah.
  And so I just go to Google and I search St.
 Helena taxi companies and the first taxi, the first listing that comes up, I call and a voice mail voice message place.
  It says we're currently booked all night until 10 p.
m.
  If we have availability, we'll turn the phones back on then.
  Oh, God.
 And I was like, well, that was strange.
  Fuck you for calling.
 Fuck you for calling.
  The second number I call, I get a dispatcher.
  They say, hello.
 Yeah.
 Blah, blah, blah.
  Taxi company.
 It's like, hi, we're at this.
  We're at the winery and we're going here.
  We, you know, can we get a cab?  And they're like, well, we have.
 Yeah, we have a cab on the road.
  It's in downtown Napa right now.
  So it'll be about twenty five, thirty minutes.
 And we're like, OK, I guess.
  Yeah.
 And they're like, I do need your credit card and I need to run it before we hang up.
  And I'm like, oh, OK.
  But we're just like so tired at this point.
  We're so tired and like ready.
 Whatever to get.
 Yeah, whatever.
  And I was tired enough.
 I didn't think to ask the question.
  How much is that? So three mile for three miles.
  Three miles.
 That important detail.
  So I get a text message saying here is your receipt.
  And can we guess? Yeah.
  Would you like to guess what my credit card was charged to go?  OK, so they were OK.
 Yeah, they did pick you up 30 minutes later.
  Like everything.
 Well, yes, that is that gets complicated, too.
  But they do get there eventually.
 They do eventually get there.
  And then it's three miles from where they picked you up to the motel.
  The motel.
 Excuse me.
 All right.
  So how much do we think for Jason to be upset by it, too, is an extra little bit.
  I do skew it a little bit.
 Yes.
  Now, I I rolled with the punches.
 I'm not saying you did a good sport about this.
  I'm just trying to add that into my assessment of what the price is.
  Yeah.
 Be kind.
 And that's a good question.
  Because I think, OK, if I'm I think even in that because in that situation,  I think you're so exhausted that even though, you know, I think we've gotten to lift an Uber  will use to lift the Uber prices sometimes, which are also going up.
  And also, we should use those anyway, because it's bad.
  But I think we've gotten used to like that costing like 30 or 40 dollars at most in a scenario.
  So that's my baseline.
  So I would expect to pay over 650 or so.
  I would expect something crazy kind of just because it's a taxi.
  So I'm guessing you were charged.
  Ninety dollars for this ride.
  I mean, then I if you go lower, then I'm going to go higher if we're if we're in a store.
  You might be right.
 You might be right.
  OK, I'll tell you the answer and then I'll tell you how it played out.
  The answer is seventy five dollars.
  That's perfect.
  Guess Mike.
  Pretty good.
 Yeah, that's still again.
  It's expensive.
 I'm not saying it's expensive.
  Yes, but it's not like that.
  Here's my thinking.
  Here's my thinking.
  It was Friday night on the other side of this winery.
  Far enough away that we didn't even really hear it.
  There was a jazz festival going on.
  OK, it's a lot of competition.
  There's there's people around and this is a tourism, an area where their tourism is based on alcohol.
  So I was thinking, well, surely there will be drivers on the road.
  We're not all pulling a Paul Pelosi, you know.
  I was I was very we were too tired.
  I really wanted to see where that we're trying to figure out where he got pulled over.
  It was around there, right?  It was around.
  It was in Napa Valley.
  Nancy Pelosi's husband.
  So eventually we are waiting so long.
  Anyone else left at the wedding starts coming out and offer.
  Hey, do you want to ride?  Hey, we're going that way.
  Do you want to ride?  But it was like you've already paid.
  I've only I've met one of them was Paul Pelosi.
  Hey, do you want to ride?  Hey, you want to ride?  Will you be cool about it?  But I I went I I we were like, OK, well, yeah, this is the the the the.
  All right.
 The the you know, these other people Jane was friendly with, you know,  we're like, all right, I'll just call the taxing cancel.
  I don't feel like still waiting.
  And I called them and they they answered and they said, we're here.
  I was like, what? And they're like, yeah, we're here.
  We're trying to find where to go.
  And I'm like, OK.
  And so eventually they do show up.
  They pick us up.
  Was it was the right estimate of time?  What's that? How did you say it was about the amount of?  It was maybe like five minutes more than maybe 35 minutes.
  That's not bad.
  Well, no, it's not bad.
  But when they pulled up and they had said this on the phone, it's like it's going to be a black Ford Flex.
  And I was like, OK.
  And what you doing like that?  Well, I was like, well, that that was very specific.
  But when they pulled up, there was a driver and in the passenger seat, there was someone with a laptop.
  And I was like, oh, driver dispatch.
  This might be the company.
  Oh, interesting.
 That's weird.
  And so really, yeah, they're driving us back and they were perfectly pleasant.
  They were mostly telling us about all the Thomas Keller restaurants one town over.
  And I go at the hotel.
  I start looking up Yelp reviews for cab companies in the area.
  And they're all two stars.
  They're like and they all say the same thing.
  This is one guy with a Prius and a cell phone.
  This is not real.
  This is not a cab company.
  This took an hour to get here.
  They charged me an insane amount.
  And then I found like a tourism like tips for Napa, just some travel website.
  And they're like, it is very hard to get around Napa Valley without a car.
  There are taxis and lifts, but they are not reliable.
  And I know.
  Interesting.
  OK.
  So that's happening up there.
  So why do they need to be two people?  What do you mean?  Why does there even need to be a person in the passenger seat?  I do.
  I think that's just the way this one was set up.
  It's just like someone they were taking the calls, print those receipts, get those credit  cards charged, which is pretty that's shady.
  But then I end up feeling like an asshole because like when we pull up at the hotel,  it's like, can I give you a tip on the credit card?  And they're like, we already ran the card.
  And I was like, OK, I have five dollars.
  This is all I can do for you.
  Yeah.
  I didn't expect.
  They don't even have like a square account where you can like flip it over and you hit  the button.
  This seems to be an old school operation.
  Yeah.
  So.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  I would have a great time otherwise.
  Sounds interesting, though, at least.
  Yeah, it was an interesting experience.
  Were they like because all I can think of like, were they like were the driver like a Judd  Hirsch type and the passenger dispatcher, Danny DeVito type?  Were they like cabbies?  Or more of a Queen Latifah and a Jimmy Fallon?  Or were they more Queen Latifah, Jimmy Fallon?  No, not kind of really big presences, just kind of two quiet women.
  OK.
  All right.
  Well, that's a bummer.
  Not the joy ride of your life.
  No Louis de Palma energy is what I'm getting at.
  No, we saw a lot of charter buses and a lot of like party buses.
  And I think that's part of the wedding business up there is like, oh, if you have to stay  in a block of rooms, the hotel rooms you get are a little far away.
  Like part of the package when you book is there a shuttle?  Yeah, yeah, for sure.
  We do.
  Jason should start that.
  I'll drive and you be the dispatcher.
  Sure.
  We can get like 75 bucks out of some suckers coming home from like some festival at the  at the Greek theater.
  Yeah.
  Starlight Bowl.
  You're going to do it here.
  Well, look, look, Uber and don't you have to do it in St.
 Helena?  I guess, yeah, you probably because there's like maybe a lot like there's a loophole in  the laws.
  That's what I was picturing.
  Yeah.
  I guess, right.
  I think our podcast hosted by occasional TV writer and to scam one taxi taxi driver.
  Yeah.
  What do you want?  You want a taxi?  We're sending one right over there.
  We got to run the card.
  Give me your digits.
  We got to run the card now, though.
  Don't ask what the price is.
  That'll be all right.
  I just need the expiration date, security code and your social security number.
  All right.
  I don't want to end up in the news.
  Do you?  Yeah.
  Sounds fun.
  Well, good tip.
  Thank you for alerting our audience to this possible way of getting scammed.
  I did like how that played out.
  We're like, what like good.
  It is not a good number.
  It's definitely not a good number.
  It's not a good number.
  It wasn't really wondering what this means in the hundreds range.
  The fun was the reveal of the fake taxi.
  It was hidden there because I thought the fun of the story was just going to be the  price.
  Yeah.
  And the price is again high, but not insane, insane high.
  Not insane.
  I thought maybe it was a hold at first.
  I thought it's like, oh, they're going to hold this and then they'll charge me 30  bucks when they see the actual distance.
  Right.
  I'm saying like it was almost like a magic trick, like the prestige and you had an  extra level of the dispatcher was also riding shotguns.
  Two weirdos.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, either good way to not get scammed up there or a good business idea for you and  a friend.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  And I guess with that, let's turn it over to the audience and open up the PTR post  office.
  You know, it's like you open up the mail bag is the doughboy.
  The feedback we're opening up that we have to open a store with a physical location  with a bunch of keys.
  Which one is it?  Damn it.
  And the doors stuck.
  Bell jingle jingle.
  But we're getting it done.
  Call out anything that you.
  Oh, go ahead.
  OK, I got one that's really like it's going to involve us to think of things really  fast.
  Oh, because I'm going to say it because it's just fun.
  This is like this is a good way to ease in because this is a this is a theme park question.
  You know, there's going to be weirder stuff about Aerosmith coming.
  I'm sure.
  But not this is standard.
  Which five different IPs would make up your ultimate islands of adventure?  Five.
  My God.
  I'm just going to go with the first two part question.
  Well, you do it all together, right?  We don't all have to think of five.
  You just think of five and we have to do it quickly, though.
  I'll time us each so we can be efficient here.
  Us individually.
  Yeah, us individually.
  Jason, are you up for it?  Does it have to appeal to the audience?  No, it doesn't.
  It's just for each individual existing ones.
  You're just going to keep the ones that are there.
  They feature said, hold on.
  Let me let me.
  Let me start.
  Let me start here.
  I'm going to trade your fees.
  You're right.
  You're right.
  OK, keep going.
  OK.
  King Feature Syndicate Marvel Comics.
  OK.
  I love Lucy.
  OK.
  Full island.
  I love Lucy.
  It sounds good.
  I'm going to give you I'm going to give you 45 seconds.
  So you still want on the clock here.
  OK.
  You're fine.
  Robert Altman's The Long Goodbye.
  All right.
  Fantastic.
  And the Bazooka Joe comic strip universe.
  Is that not the little King Feature doesn't know that does not.
  OK.
  Perfect.
  All right.
  Scott, are you ready?  Yeah, I think so.
  Go.
  OK.
  The Beach Boys Full Beach.
  Boys Island.
  I don't want to waste the time, but probably like you get on the goats from the Pets Sounds  cover.
  Great.
  Ride them around.
  Back to the future.
  Back to the future.
  Ride is back and it's all to it's all 2015.
  Oh, boy.
  OK.
  The Canadian the old Canadian show The Littlest Hobo.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, God.
  15 seconds left.
  OK.
  The old Canadian show The Littlest Hobo.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, God.
  15 seconds left.
  OK.
  The old Canadian show The Littlest Hobo.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, God.
  15 seconds left.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, God.
  15 seconds left.
  15 seconds.
  Fuck shit.
  This should be how we do all the questions.
  New HR Puffins to HR Puffins stuff is back as scary as it was with the pinball.
  And because of my son, just a bunch of garbage trucks milling around.
  Garbage truck island.
  OK.
  Garbage truck island.
  All right.
  It's going to love it.
  Great.
  OK.
  I'm going to time myself here.
  OK.
  Ninja Turtles Island, but specifically the Mighty Mutanimals, the side characters like  Mando Gecko and Man Ray.
  Wow.
  No turtles there at all.
  Just those characters.
  Number two, Zubli Zoo.
  The show Ben Vareen was on as a children's show that I watched as a kid.
  It's terrifying.
  It's like cat style.
  So that's Zubli Zoo.
  Let's see here.
  Island based on David the Gnome, the cartoon that Tom Bosley voiced that was a Weinstein  production.
  That has nothing to do with it.
  We bought the rights, so it's OK.
  Four Aerosmith Island, which Revolution X ride.
  Obviously, I have one more.
  And then Green Day Island.
  Good job.
  We all did it.
  We rushed those last ones.
  But that leads directly into the one that I'm looking at, which got a lot of likes.
  This is from Chris at the Rope Drop.
  Matt Apodaca once called Soren the Josh Groban of rides.
  What is the Green Day of Rides?  Yes.
  The Green Day of Rides.
  To you, that is a perfect ride.
  Well, yeah, it depends.
  I mean, Green Day is a band.
  They have highs and lows.
  So if it's Green Day themselves, it's tough because if it was just one album, I would  find it easy to do this.
  But the band itself, that's tougher.
  But it's got to be here.
  Let's see.
  What are the core tenets of Green Day?  Rock?  Hair dye?  Hair dye, eyeliner, rebellion.
  Anti-establishment.
  Which is tough in a corporate theme park setting.
  Yeah.
  How do you even square that?  How do you square such an un-corporate band as Green Day with the very corporate?  I mean, how wild and anti-the-man can this factory of Broadway musicals be?  Right.
  Right.
  It's a good question.
  So yeah, you want something that at least has the spirit of it.
  So you want something sort of wild.
  So I feel like you want something at Six Flags because it's so, it's just not polished.
  It's a little bit scary.
  It's a little bit raw.
  All of Six Flags rides feel like.
.
.
  They get scary.
  And it's either in its music, in its edgy guitars, or in its reminding us of the draconian  nature of the Bush administration.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  So you're thinking like the great American scream machine, but the overhead thing is like.
.
.
  It's a little loose.
  A little too loose.
  The restraint is a little loose.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Or it's properly clicked in, but there's like a weird sound at the worst moments, like on  a curve or a loop.
  Yes, for sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So I think, yeah.
  A Magic Mountain roller coaster where the restraint is loose.
  Exactly.
  That's the perfect green day of a ride.
  I was thinking it could be.
.
.
  It's not that far from.
.
.
  I looked up the name while we were talking.
  When there was.
.
.
  It's not.
.
.
  This isn't what it is anymore, right?  It's a Sally Ride at Hershey Park Reese's Extreme Cup Challenge.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  You know, edgy, edgy enough to drop that E from the word extreme, one of the Es.
  I think that's a little tonally similar to green day, right?  Yeah, I think so.
  I want to quickly shout out that was Sam Hudson's question that I asked earlier.
  Sorry.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh, right, right.
  I just wanted to shout out.
  Okay.
  Seeing anything else?  Yeah, I think I have.
.
.
  Jason, do you have something or I can go again?  Yeah, that ride is now Reese's Cup Fusion.
  Yes, that's right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it's more of a jazz fusion.
  Now it's the Chick Korea of rides.
  I do have.
.
.
  I have a couple.
  Well, here's one.
  Chris E.
 Hayner, asbest in-park table service restaurant?  In-park.
  In all parks?  I think you can call it your shot.
  Tempted to say Carthay, but now I'm flashing a Disney World, which I'm just doing sit-down less there.
  Well, you know, I did like Mythos, I'll tell you.
  I don't know if it's better than.
.
.
  It does have that banner, that Mythos, Inlands of Adventure, the fake rock restaurant.
  That meal we had there when we were down a couple years ago was pretty fantastic.
  I don't know if it's better than Carthay.
  Yeah, Carthay.
.
.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Mythos was fine.
  I think I had a cheeseburger at Mythos and it was fine.
  It was good.
  Yeah.
  I had a great meal one time at Selye, the steakhouse in Canada.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, is that good?  Yeah, I've never been there.
  I thought it was very good, but I feel like this happens every so often where the restaurant  that people say is the best, within a year people go like, well, it's gone downhill.
  Yeah.
  And so, I probably got there like eight or ten years ago, so I don't know what it's like  in the meantime, but I remember it being very good.
  We had Ohana.
.
.
  Well, that's not in park.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, the hotels are different because I love that animal kingdom where this is called  Gico.
  Oh, right.
  And I never did.
.
.
  Yeah, but that's not in park.
  At the top of Contemporary is good, but then we're not talking about that.
  Not in park, yeah.
  It's a really specific area.
  There's not a lot where it's like, and here's the check.
  Right.
  It's a kind of a rare.
.
.
  But they tend to be good, like if a theme park commits to doing that.
  Is that BR Guest Restaurant not so great?  I've had it twice and it is pretty good, but I don't think it's better than Carthay.
  It's definitely better than Blue Bayou, which I, of course, think is great, but Blue Bayou  is kind of like the food is.
.
.
  Perennially overrated.
  It's more of an atmosphere.
  Well, now you can get a hurricane there so that my food might taste a little better.
  We should try sometime.
  We should get the jump on that and do a Blue Bayou episode.
  You can get an alcoholic drink in Blue Bayou.
  Yeah, that changed in the last year, yeah.
  I guess I missed that.
  Yeah, Walt's values decaying.
  That skeleton is spinning and spinning.
  Spinning and spinning.
  You know, something about BR Guest, because we thought about going there in Florida and  I always.
.
.
  For the longest time, it was table service dinner, quick service breakfast.
  And then when we looked, it had switched now and it's prefix all day.
  Oh, okay.
  That is like a cheap cash grab thing.
  Because I think that space restaurant is the same thing unless you eat in the bar.
  Oh, yeah, we haven't done the space restaurant.
  Nobody here has, right?  No.
  So we can't officially put that into the mix.
  Because that's another three course like required thing.
  The bars first come first serve.
  Yeah, for the bars, fun.
  But do we lock in answers though?  What do you think?  Yeah, I guess it's Carthay for me.
  It feels uninteresting to say that.
  Carthay or Six Flags Magic Mountain Full Throttle Lounge?  I believe closed.
  I think a listener.
.
.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you shivered.
  I believe.
  I think I saw a listener pointing that out.
  Was not open when I was there in September.
  I think maybe you've done for good.
  Look it up if you feel like it.
  This is resolved.
  I'll read this quickly though.
  I'm interested in this interaction from hockey fan.
  Okay, if I bribe Eva Anderson with a copy of Dick Tracy Daley's Volume 22,  do you think she will come back on the show soon with a Dick Tracy Part 2 episode for us?  Fingers crossed that episode still amuses me very much.
  Eva responds, that is so thoughtful, but I have acquired it.
  So no bribery necessary.
  I've heard it's been.
.
.
 everything's been very successful.
  The finding of the Moon Maid comic.
  I think there was even an exchange of Moon Maid comics that made it from Eva's brother to Griffin at our show in New York.
  So Moon Maid has been found.
  Moon Maid's going around.
  And I don't think bribery is required to get Eva back around these parts.
  No.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, that's.
.
.
 everything was settled before the tweet it sounds like.
  Which of you is most likely to name a child after a country bear?  This is a very important question.
 It's from Liza Omni Moving.
  Me or the relationship? Like me alone maybe it's I, but the chances of that happening.
  Well, could you sneak one in?  Let's think about these names.
 Is one of them just an acceptable enough name?  No, not Zeb.
 Nope.
 No, out.
  Tennessee Bear.
  Henry.
 I feel like you don't need a lot of Henry.
  You could go Henry and then.
.
.
  Trixie.
  You and Lindsay wouldn't talk for like two days because she's insisting on like, no, we're naming them after a last unicorn character.
  That's different IP that she would be pushing.
  Different IP.
 Well, no, I know you eventually compromise where one of you gets.
.
.
  where a country bear gets a first name and a last unicorn character gets a middle name.
  My son's name is Mondo Gecko.
 That's what I insist on.
  Or Jaguar or Dreadmon.
  Could do Teddy.
 I mean, you could go Albert and then if things go away, like, you know, if you want to start casually calling him Big Al.
  Sure.
  Shaker, I don't think works, but.
.
.
  No.
  Up to you.
 Wait, but that doesn't answer who's the most likely.
 I mean, you're considering it a little more, I'd say.
  I guess, yeah.
  Because I like, yeah, I like.
.
.
  I like the bear.
  Buff.
  Buff Gertner.
  Buff is funny.
  Could be me if it's Buff.
  I tried, I was telling Mundy for a long time that he should name a son Tex.
  Oh, that's cool.
  Tex Mundy.
 And that's a real country bears-ish name.
  Yeah.
  Tex is fun.
  So the answer is Mundy.
  I got one in our email.
  Sure, go ahead.
  From Tyler Harper.
 Before I get to the question, he just wanted to add, you know, he had played the McGruff songs for his wife.
  His wife doesn't listen to the show, but played the original McGruff albums.
  Played some of the songs and then played the newer songs that we, you know, created.
  They were created by us.
  Mike, yes.
  My 100%.
  Well, I say we because he specifically adds compliments go to Scott because his wife could not tell the difference between the original ones and the ones that Scott made.
  So nice work, Scott.
  I can't.
 I simply can't.
  There are still people who don't know what the difference in our voices are.
  So he probably listened to the episode and was like, Scott says he made these songs.
  Could be.
 I'm confused.
 I don't think we're that similar, but it does.
  Well, I it's interesting.
 I don't think so either.
  I do think once in a while, at least me, I start to like mimic both of you speaking.
  Oh, sure.
 Sometimes just because that's what happens.
  We all merge as one.
 Yeah.
  So I start to like there's episodes where I'm listening and I feel like I sound like a little different.
  So maybe I'm moving.
 My mom also was like, you know, you you say restaurant now like Jason does.
  And I go, what?  And she goes, it's a rest.
 It should be restaurant.
  So I was like, oh, I guess so.
  And she's like, Jason says restaurant.
  And I go and then she goes, now you're saying it.
  You never said that.
 I go, OK, are you?  Yeah, this is the type.
  This is the type of thing my mom is listening to when she listens to the show.
  I've said this many times.
 She's looking for enunciation.
  She's looking for the quality of my voice.
  She's zoned out completely when it's coming to like jokes or information.
  You didn't finish that tea.
  You didn't end strong on that tea.
  She's just.
 Yeah, she just wants.
  It's almost like, yeah, some sort of a recital or something that Jane was like, I said, Woodard earlier.
  I mean, you've been around you too much.
  Yeah, he's saying words like I'm not saying water.
  I'm not saying milk.
 I'm not saying whatever the other ones.
  And Tyler, Tyler's question, of course.
  Yes, Tyler, it was Mike who made the songs.
  But thank you so much for the compliment.
  Tyler was asking, are there any new songs coming out from the podcast to ride in general or McGruff?  Are there new? I mean, we've got a new Club 3 theme song.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  This stuff, there will be.
  I have nothing to tease.
 I have no stuff to tease.
  Yeah.
 What would people want?  I mean, yeah, there's other things we could do the styles of.
  Certainly, I think we could I think we could fanfic a sunny eclipse song.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  I want to put a ring on her like Saturn, but smaller, though, to fit a finger.
  It depends.
 Some like some of this stuff takes a while to make.
  And ultimately, it's for a couple thousand people.
  You're demanding with the mixes to anytime there's been a new song.
  I'm not there.
 I'm so bad at mixing and like I can put all the stuff together and I can play stuff.
  But the mixing drives me nuts.
 Yeah, I'm not a good mixer.
  Everything's radically different on on computer speakers on a TV.
  Yeah, you're not supposed to mix and you're not supposed to mix in your headphones.
  I was you're supposed to have like mixing speakers for it.
  And then I go in the car and I'm listening and all sounds like I'm compressing.
  It's a big pain.
 Plus you insist on doing what you call like Phil Spector did with the Ramones,  which just means having a loaded gun on your desk on your computer.
  So no one wants to be anywhere near that room.
  That's right.
 I don't want any bullshit.
  We even point it in a mirror.
  Yeah, the sunny eclipse rag has got to be good.
  It's got to be the best.
  If this I will if this podcast was as popular as like, I don't know,  we'll like smart lists or something we would be I don't know.
  Maybe I'm maybe would be exactly the same thing.
  We'd be in the garage still.
 I'm so sorry.
  As popular as what isn't it smart list smart list in America's favorite podcast.
  Jason Bateman, Sean Hayes.
  That is smart list mania out there.
  I think it's very popular on the time and I don't even I've never heard it.
  So I don't even I'm not even trying to put a little something on it.
  I'm just saying it's a very popular thing.
  But in my mind, fresh ads are so much better than their house.
  You know, I'm just saying like we had the budget.
  There were you get full albums based on every I have a news would have an album  like we'd be traveling to all of these places.
  I think you need some you need somebody to like, you know, you need an engineer or a mixer.
  You need to call 24 7 like you could just you have a melody in your head in the bathroom  and you could go now go.
 Yeah, start singing and it could be on the album despite being it's not an echo bathroom.
  You could say do your vocals right there while shitting.
 Of course.
  And it would.
 Yeah.
  Semper if you could manage to sound like McGruff taking a big dump.
  Oh yeah.
 That's actually very easy.
  Yeah.
 Leave the toilet flushes in.
  No, I want to have it.
 That actually leads into since McGruff has come up.
  Here's this exchange with Ellie Warren.
  Ellie wrote that seeing as how we're all close friends with at McGruff, whatever the handle at McGruff at NCPC now.
  What theme park ride or attraction would you design for him and are any McGruff songs part of the experience?  So if you haven't caught this, there's been an odd amount of interaction between us podcast, the right on Twitter and the official McGruff account.
  Yes.
 There's a lot.
 I'd say a ton.
  I'd say more than once a week, including now because I'm a big fan of the McGruff song.
  I'd say more than once a week, including now because the response to that was McGruff, the crime dog with the rights reserved because he cares about copyright law.
  Don't get ripped off by counterfeit Twitter handles.
  Make sure if you're calling a taxi, it's not just a guy in a big dispatcher in the passenger seat.
  It's a number one scam in Napa Valley.
  So McGruff responded to this question with like kind of darting eyes and can you imagine?  So McGruff's on board.
  I think we talk about wanting official properties and McGruff might be closest we're going to get.
  I mean, let me just start.
 I don't want to jump on anybody.
  But while I have the idea, we never got that Dick Tracy Crime Stoppers attraction, which felt like maybe a similar conceit to Spider-Man where like there's crooks on the loose.
  Get out into the street.
  You thought you were just going to do some kind of test vehicle and target practice or like Men in Black.
  But, you know, something like that with McGruff, we're like, now I need you out on the street.
  And then you're capturing like, you know, people selling their own paint outside a paint store instead of letting it get mixed properly.
  They're not.
 Look at them.
  They're not using the real shake it up machine.
  Improperly mixed paint is a scourge in America.
  You may not notice it in the first decade after you paint, but in year 11, it'll start peeling and cracking all over your lawn.
  Sherwin Williams was a great American who deserves his company to be respected.
  Listen up.
 You need to get in McGruff's squad car.
  We're tackling the scourge of counterfeit salon quality hair products.
  Here's why you shouldn't buy Paul Mitchell shampoos or conditioners from from stores that aren't salons or have salons in them.
  Don't trust third party sellers on Amazon to have the real thing.
  Watch.
 I'll blast one in front of you with a lighter.
  Look at a fireball.
 Look out.
  Trying to condition my coat with this garbage.
  Give me a fucking break.
  Wrong shade of brown.
 Now I look like a dope.
  You just want to thicken your fur, but you end up burning your scalp.
  Trust Alta only buy things that Alta or super cuts.
  Super cuts is a great store.
  What is it? You can't call it crime stoppers.
  What is it? It's like, yeah, it's McGruff's grievance.
  Copyright grievances.
  McGruff's grievance.
  Don't counterfeit Marvel t-shirts.
  Stan and Jack wouldn't like it.
  It could certainly be all McGruff's.
  McGruff's fake busters.
  How about that? Yeah, he's busting fakes.
  And it's the most like grimy city where you're like, oh, God, is somebody going to offer me drugs or am I going to get shot?  But what makes it grimy is just that around every turn there's a bootleg Bart shirt.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
  An early copy of Taca Maverick.
  Between real vintage and vintage style shirts.
  Vintage style is just lifting designs and printing it on gilded.
  There's a kid using a torrent to download the entire series of taxi from 1970.
  That money should go in that window.
 Shoot him.
  James L.
 Brooks should be getting that money.
  Not the actors.
  Poor, don't you.
  Before you commit that crime, think about Babalu Mandel.
  He worked hard to develop his voice as a comedy writer.
  He didn't have city slickers money yet.
  He was grinding it out.
  Yeah, so every, it's just a lot of those.
  It's a lot of low key stuff.
  Those windows are a little too tinted.
  There should be a little.
  They put the tint on themselves.
  Yeah, the rule says 75% visibility.
  These look like 85%.
  Let's get into 100.
 Blast the window.
  Crash.
  And then they're all tied up at the end.
  You got them all like at the end of Spider-Man, but it's they're all 15 years old.
  They don't really understand what happened.
  They're looking at their like, is that a crime?  It sure is.
  Only one way to learn, bucko.
  Anyone who makes Wayfarer style sunglasses that are not the official Ray-Ban company  should be put in jail.
  If you buy Disney pins on Amazon, you're getting put away for good.
  Jason Sheridan.
  Money.
  The money, the money received by scrapper pin salesmen are used to buy cocaine and firearms.
  Scrapper pins are a scourge.
  Don't wear scrapper pins on your fancy little vest.
  Disneyland people.
  I'll know I can spot a fancy little vest.
  I still carry a 1990 phone book and it's coming right for your head.
  If I spot a scrapper pin.
  It's my girl.
  Shoot the pins.
  If you end up hurting the person behind the pins, well, they're hurting the world.
  Collateral damage.
  Michael Chicklis is McGruff.
  Yeah, so that's great.
  I mean, you want to do something quick and then I mean, that's the ultimate.
  I think we could get this done.
  I just don't know where and how.
  Yeah, we could look.
  McGruff is obviously good friends with us now.
  Has he ever heard the show?  I don't know.
  No, I'm not sure.
  That's the big question out there.
  But we'll find out when we start proposing, when we start sending like the here's the chord sheets to the songs that we're making.
  McGruff, has he heard the song about hookup apps?  Has he heard that my characterization of him is that he doesn't want to talk to a woman before they get married?  I don't know.
  Don't go to Napa and drive drunk if you're the husband of the Speaker of the House of America.
  Paul Pelosi is a great man.
  We all make mistakes.
  It was tricked by the liquor companies.
  Stop the advertising, I say.
  Put the guy making bootleg Bart behind bars, not Paul Pelosi.
  Great American.
  Pelosi claps so low.
  Turn those hands weird.
  One more to go out on.
  Sure.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  Is there another McGruff?  There is another McGruff.
  I think it's the it's just like please do this.
  This is boy, this is overwhelming.
  Hey, are you want to you want your you want your honey?  Yeah, I got a gripe.
  How would you plus up rock and roller coaster, aka the bad boys of Bust in the Ride?  How will we plus it up?  It's hard when it's perfect.
  Let's see, though.
  I guess there's always room for improvement.
  First of all, OK, there is actually a lot to be done here.
  Number one, all Aerosmith songs possible are available to hear on the ride.
  Cycle through their entire discography on rock and roller coaster, not just the whatever five or four.
  You can listen to because they own the Nimglue song from Epic.
  Listen, people.
  So you could I want I want that on there.
  Yeah.
 And even like live tracks.
  There's a track that Steven Tyler keeps posting a clip from of Jeff Goldblum playing big 10 inch record with them.
  From like back in the seemingly the Jurassic Park days, it looks like it's 20, 20 years old.
  And Jeff Goldblum playing like the piano while Steven Tyler shirtless and singing.
  That was Aerosmith, the musical guest when Jeff Goldblum hosted Saturday Night Live in that era.
  That might be true.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
 So they could have been there.
  Maybe they got to be buddies.
  But yeah, it was some live on stage and Goldblum's like, you know, hamming it up, playing that song on the piano.
  And they're going everything from honking on Bobo.
  Well, yes, honking on Bobo, their blues or their old.
  Yeah, their old blues cover album.
  Oh, is that what it is?  Oh, yeah.
  That was the most of my alley thing honking on Bobo is all covers.
  I do know that.
  So, yeah, all the songs available.
  Now, the thing is on the rock and roller coaster, I like the ride vehicles.
  I like the ride itself.
  I like the neon, but there's not enough Aerosmith like the people on the ride.
  So robots, robots.
  I think that's probably the best way to do it.
  But I will also because I am budget conscious.
  I will also take like 40 feet high, like wooden painted pictures of all the musicians from the different eras as we're going by as well.
  So if it's too hard to do robots because they're going to be you're going so fast, maybe just like 40 foot picture of Joey Kramer,  like painted a painted picture of Joey Kramer, like kind of waving at you as you go by.
  You could do the Mr.
 Incredible and credit coaster approach.
  Yeah, but it could be more like even like kind of like street art version of Joey Kramer, like painted.
  But yeah, also maybe Mr.
 Incredible where it's just a static Joey Kramer and he's like he's got his coffee is his coffee.
  He's holding it out to you as you go by or something.
  So they could add stuff like that.
  I'm on Wikipedia just trying to find out when they last put an album out, which has been a long time.
  It has been a long time.
  There's a there's a section of the Wikipedia.
  It's very confusing because it starts with Tyler Perry feud and then such and such tour, which I forgot Tyler Joe.
  That is now I've realized that is their last.
  It isn't that the band Aerosmith in full had a feud with Tyler Perry.
  Right.
  I would love to know what about what we got.
  What got them disagreeing?  Did they try to do a song using media esk language, gaburam or whatever?  They played his birthday and they did a parody song.
  They did a parody of Jayden like, hey, my dear, what a one to one.
  Yeah, he's got a gun.
  Gonna teach discipline.
  There you go.
  Uh huh.
  So, you know, what would be good, actually, because it does like the band is they seem to hate each other.
  I don't know necessarily when it comes to like Bradley Whitford and stuff like what.
  But like Joey Kramer was kicked out of the band a year or two ago.
  He tried to go to the rehearsal and a security guard blocked him.
  Where do you think you're going?  Because he had some sort of illness or something.
  And then they were like, I don't think you can cut it on the drums anymore, pal.
  And then he was like, this is my band.
  I should be in the band.
  And then they were like blocking him from it.
  So like there was issues with him and there was issues with Joe and Stephen constantly.
  So I think they should represent the tumultuous relationship they all have with each other somehow.
  And I'm trying to figure out how to do that.
  There should be some should be some chaos as the chaos like the lawnmower on the revenue.
  This is a sign to wrap it up.
  Did you have one more Jason?  Sorry, you just have to put up with that putting back there.
  If you hear it.
  I lost it.
  We don't have to.
  All right.
  I got it.
  Brian BJ Higgins at BJ Higgins asks, the disco Yeti is arguably the opposite of a plus up, a minus down.
  The arm swing is clearly superior that the overall impact on the attraction isn't huge.
  As with B mode Kylo Ren in a ship, a first time guest might not notice, but fandom will have opinions.
  If you were tasked with minusing down an attraction, which ride and element would you choose?  The ride itself shouldn't be fundamentally changed.
  Just one aspect essentially has to be in B mode for the ride's lifespan.
  Whoa, an acceptable step down.
  Wow.
 Yeah, that is tough.
  That's fascinating.
  We are taking something away, but it's not, you know, this won't be my answer, but I was saying on Buzz Lightyear, I wouldn't mind if it looked worse.
  I was comfortable with a lot of the elements of Buzz Lightyear looking worse because I was so focused on the gaming part of it.
  But that's not going to be my answer.
  But something in that vein, perhaps.
  Oh, yeah.
  Looking like, because the problem with the Kylo Ren example is that that's such a big part.
  It is fun to watch the things blow out behind him.
  So it's tough to know.
  It's interesting.
 You can go a lot of ways with your logic here is what I'm trying to articulate.
  We do have to think about like what's a big.
.
.
  It's like Navi Shaman of Song is a big one.
  That can't go.
 That can't be in B mode.
  No, I mean, I think I've been on rides and we're on Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout.
  And sometimes at the rocket animatronic isn't working.
  There's a video of him that plays.
  I'm sure the people of writing it for the first time didn't really notice.
  Yeah, but that bums me out.
  It bums me out.
  Yeah, I hate that.
  I think I think a star tour is alternative where C3PO is broken or dead.
  And a voice has to come in and say, bad news, everyone.
  C3PO no more.
  Whatever the.
.
.
 I don't know the years in Star Wars, but like.
.
.
  C3PO has been compromised to a permanent end.
  And then he's there.
  Then you have to watch his unmoving body and all the same things could happen.
  But like, and how do you fill the space?  I guess that's maybe that's R2 mode, like the way that you could do Chewie mode on Millennium Falcon.
  So it's just R2 beeps with an occasional like, if you're interested in attending the memorial service.
  For C3PO.
  Thank you for everything.
  Today we salute a cold robot.
  Close cast it, but we are putting his red arm on top of the casket.
  Yeah, kills.
  Yeah, in canon kills C3PO.
  That's fun.
  Maybe if the country bears robots weren't working and they said, we need someone from the audience to get up and sing for you instead of the bears.
  Oh, inviting, having a mode where you just invite people up.
  Yeah.
  And then possible that being the tallest person in the room.
  That's right.
 Me maybe.
  Follow the bouncing ball.
  And then it would still be pretty fun.
  I mean, I guess you would still like you would have limp bears dangling.
  Like they would still be there somewhat.
  I guess you could hide them, but you could say like, oh, we're going to try to bring the bears to get them, get them awake.
  They're singing and then you don't at the end, but it was still fun to try.
  Okay.
  But yeah, it's tough because because B mode is always reserved for something so special.
  I mean, Disneyland Tomorrowland, the whole area has kind of been stuck in B mode for like 15 years or so.
  20 years.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, I'm trying.
  I'm sure it'll get I'll figure it out later.
  But if there was some sort of element where something being broken actually made it creepy or weird and there was an element that's good.
  I got it.
 I got it.
  The riverboat scene at Splash Mountain.
  Sometimes everyone is just, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Sometimes none of the animatronics are moving and that is kind of more haunting.
  So no song.
 It's just a bunch of and you put in.
  No, the song is playing.
  But I'm saying maybe you justify it.
  That just seems like an accident.
  But in B mode, you just turn it off and it's just crickets and maybe a little bit of unsettling banjo like deliverance as their creepy eyes.
  The ride is creepy as hell.
  For a few reasons.
  But like it is it is not a place I want to end if I was just rolling a canoe past that boat, I'd be like, how fast can I go?  Why are all these pigs and crocodiles alive?  Because like the walls, all the things that have broken on the ride, I think over the years have added to it being this just weird, weird vibe in there.
  But yeah, at the end, what's the weirdest vibe is just a bunch of static animals.
  Mid like high kick in there and they're like whatever saloon dresses.
  What happened? Is there some like just atomic wave and froze them all in position?  Yeah.
 Oh, if you swap out the audio, there is audio, but it's just a test pattern.
  If it's just like color bars, like a set level.
  That's good.
 Oh, yeah.
  Like it's so the the apocalypse came to Splash Mountain.
  Yeah, like the kids in the hall, like the DJ at the end of the world.
  Yeah, it's all sketch.
  The new time is run out here at the Chickapin Hill.
  I like that.
 Well, I think that's I think that's plenty.
  Thanks, everybody, for your for your questions.
  So, Wade, and the one was the Aerosmith one.
  Austin, all the egos.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone, for your questions.
  You survived podcast, the ride.
  Thanks for subscribing to the second gate.
 And hey, with all of this listener interaction, don't forget that we have a new tier.
  If you want to dig even deeper, you can join us on our new patron tier club three, where you get one more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes ad free that extra bonus episode, of course, voted on by the audience.
  We've gotten so many great ideas.
 It's actually some business we got to do now, not on the show.
  Although if you want us to release the deciding the topics, that's extra content.
  That could be arranged.
 But there was this question.
  I don't know if we even want to answer this, but just in the interest of talking about Club 3, this is from Chad.
  Hey, hey, I don't know how to say your name.
 I'm sorry.
  He had hidden peanuts.
 Chad H.
  What inevitable listener voted topic are you dreading the most for Club 3?  Oh, yeah.
 Or what do you want to steer people toward?  And I don't know that we want to nudge the votes at this point, but I I'm intrigued by the possibility of punishment.
  I haven't seen a lot yet that I've done.
 I'm like, oh, Jesus, no, not that.
  But I think we have to be open to the idea that we're getting torture.
  I feel like as the years go, like I feel like I just discovered the other the other second gate we're recording today.
  I was going down the rabbit holes of what else?  And I discovered videos of other stage shows I'd never heard of TV specials.
  So I think there's a lot of those stockpiled TV specials, parades, a big time weird forgotten movies.
  I mean, we've gotten a couple that have been like the dollar store versions of a movie release or like the ones your distant relative would be like, look, I got you Aladdin.
  And it's like, well, it's called a ladder, but it's something they write.
  Oh, yeah, I was just telling in front of the show Andrew Griswold about the movie I saw at the library called Pets Three, not Secret Life of Pets, not a secret sequel to Secret Life of Pets, which is called Pets Three.
  It's just pets, CGI pets who never move from their one position watching clips of real filmed pets getting in hijinks.
  Yeah, I'll look at that.
 I'll talk about Pets Three.
  Yeah, but I yeah, I don't want to give the hints of how what could be torture.
  All I want to do is say if you want to send us in some bizarre directions and give us viewing homework, we love that you Jason wants to build up his his cue his video bullshit.
  Q.
  Watch later playlist.
  Very handy feature.
  I love is insane is totally insane.
  Yeah, because I started adding if I was working on show stuff and I didn't want to lose track of video.
  I started putting stuff in there.
  But then if I added too much other stuff, but just generally interesting gets buried.
  So now I have a PTR playlist for me to also reference.
  I was like, don't lose this.
  Mike, you've been saying buried like Jason.
  Is everything is anything wrong?  The shows are really taken.
  I don't want to be so cruel, but the show's really taken a nose dive.
  You're saying buried.
  You're going to it's all going to crumble.
  All right.
 Thanks for listening, everybody.
 Bye bye.
