 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may be an unpaid for two hour advertisement for a hundred year  old restaurant.
  It may veer dangerously into discussion of wet meat, hash houses, and nude witches.
  The Sloppy Boys Tim Cow Packets joins us to talk Walt Disney's beloved LA Haunt, The Tam  O'Shanter on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a podcast about theme parks where we say step aside red table  talk.
  Today's all about Walt table talk.
  I'm Scott Gardner, hey Mike Carlson.
  Hey, I'm here.
  I was going to really dish with you guys and get into some of the like heavy stuff about  our relationships, but I'm not going to do that now.
  No, no.
  We're going to talk about Walt.
  What they miss is we're talking about the actual table more often.
  We're going to, yes, people want literal table talk.
  That's right.
  You know, there isn't, we aren't in front of one.
  There's no table to, no table now.
  No, no, we're talking about a table that's like a couple miles away.
  Jason, Sheridan, hi.
  Hi.
  Yeah.
  Um, I, you had me going for a second cause I was like, first I had to take a beat to  remember what red table talk was, which is the Facebook, Facebook watch dominant.
  Yeah.
  Jada Pinkett Smith show.
  Okay.
  Uh, yeah, but no, and then it became crystal clear when, when I remembered what we were  talking about today.
  Great.
  Great.
  Great.
  Great.
  Uh, and I'm glad you reminded people what it is, but also keep his, uh, wife's name  at your,  Well, yeah, you know, I'm promoting your show.
  I've done more.
  I've done more promotion for the show than Facebook has in quite some time.
  That's a good point.
  So, and I don't know that are that red table.
  I don't know if it has a tiny little plaque on it that you can't put like a plate or  drink on.
  Someday if they ever sell the house and start a restaurant where the red table is, uh, today  we're talking about a Los Angeles restaurant called the Tam O'shanter, a restaurant that  was very important to Walt Disney and very important to us, I think.
  And this topic comes courtesy of a great guest who's joining us, uh, partially because Reddit  user greedy cauliflower said, why isn't he been on yet?  I said, I don't have an answer for that.
  He should be.
  That's great.
  Glad he got greedy for our awesome guests from the sloppy boys podcast from birthday  boys from comedy, bang, bang, sting, cow, pack, it's high.
  Yo, how's it going?  Thank you.
  I'm a cauliflower.
  You did.
  You got him here.
  You're on one person.
  I had no choice.
  I had no choice.
  I had to, um, question about red table talk.
  Is that where the gift or, or like the meme of, of sad will comes from like crying, sad  will.
  I think it is.
  Yeah.
  I could be, don't quote me on that.
  When she talked about her polyamory, maybe they were talking.
  I know I'm not a big watcher.
  I don't watch it as much as I watch something like, I don't know, club random, bill Mars.
  But I do know that, yeah, I think she discussed the polyamory and the things like that.
  Uh, that's where I came to a head and she referred to it in strange oblique terms.
  Yes.
  Uh, I think it's a very angry, clearly a very honest show.
  I'll say that's a lot raw, honest, uh, it's club random is a different vibe than that.
  So I'm much a little more into the frivolity and the fun of them.
  Yeah.
  This is our show.
  We get pretty raw and honest.
  We're going to say some, uh, some real gritty opinions about the roast beef today.
  How much fat should be in a steak?  Jason is going to get it.
  We're all crying about it.
  Bone chilling when you realize what restaurant overcooks the hamburger every time I would.
  Oh boy.
  That's sad.
  That's sad.
  Um, before we get into that, Tim, just to touch on some of the other stuff we talked  about when I asked you to come on and also just to, uh, to bring up something you have  in common with Jason, you're both Jersey shore people.
  There we go.
  Yes.
  You mentioned, well, okay.
  Maurice peers in Maurice peers in wild wet.
  Wait, I don't, I don't know.
  I don't understand the naming structure of the Jersey shore places.
  The town that I went to is wildwood, like way down at the tippy bottom of the Jersey  shore.
  And there's just like the wildwood boardwalk is like this two or three mile stretch of  just like pizza places and cheese steak places.
  And then every once in a while you get to appear where there's roller coasters and the  peers like in the nineties and early two thousands when I was going there, the, like the part,  the brand or whatever that owned it was Maurice.
  So it was like, so I was telling you, like I was being very technical and saying it's  Maurice peers, but you would really just say like, yeah, wildwood, New Jersey, Jason, where  did you go?  I, my family has always gone to ocean city a lot.
  Love it.
  And my dad went to Atlantic city growing up and we still go.
  Is ocean city the one from the MTV show?  No, I think seaside heights, further up north.
  Yeah, no ocean city notable.
  They called this once and they've used it in marketing for like 20 years.
  I think travel, the travel channel called it America's favorite, like family resort  for being a dry town.
  So you can bring alcohol in, but you can't buy it on the island.
  So you have to take any bridge where you will then find a warehouse sized liquor store at  the foot of every bridge immediately.
  Yeah.
  How could this be anyone's favorite?  Anything that doesn't make sense.
  Who called it that?  What's that?  Who called it that?  So they, and they hung onto it for dear life.
  Like a travel channel, like ranking, like popular vacation spots.
  Sanity.
  We're stripping that title right now.
  Yeah, that's gone.
  I don't like the sound of any of this.
  Yeah, that's gone.
  What's the vibe of this place?  Is this, was this like a, was it like a rinky dink?  Was it falling apart?  Was it surprisingly impressive?  It was pretty good when I was there, but like it wasn't rinky dink and it wasn't, it wasn't  dingy, but it was kind of frozen in time.
  Like my experience there was, I don't know about you, but it's like, I was surprised  to then see the Jersey Shore TV show because like the clubby, maybe what like the older  kids were up to or people in their twenties were up to.
  Um, actually, do you remember there was like an episode of MTV true life that was about  the Jersey Shore?  Where is it about like a Philadelphia guy going and he would like try to find love with  the Jersey Shore every summer.
  And then the end with him like back in Philadelphia at his construction job, like with a sledgehammer  hitting cinder blocks, like, well, I'll try again next year.
  But I, so I didn't see Jersey Shore, the sort of like boozy partying, uh, Jim tan laundry  vibe.
  I didn't see any of that.
  This was more like, it was more like boardwalk empire or something.
  It was like real old school ski ball, Bruce Springsteen type of Bruce Springsteen.
  Sad.
  So it was sad.
  Everything that happened in boardwalk empire happened to me in my, wow.
  For me, it was just a lot of water.
  It was a, I was like a very slick, chubby little kid.
  So I was really good at, um, uh, water slides.
  Do you mean slick?  Like you were, you were naturally wet.
  Like you were, you were hairless.
  I was sweaty, just kind of Greek American sweat already on my body, but there was a  timer on one of the slides at the water park there.
  And I just like went down at normal and then a lifeguard pulled me aside and was like,  Hey, you qualified for the, for the championships.
  And I was like, mom, dad, can we come back in two weeks for the championships?  I'm like, no, no, but like a speed run.
  Yeah.
  That like, that like, I was like nine years old and that really stoked my ego that I was  really good at water slides.
  Who knew that you wouldn't just go the speed of the water that's carrying you down.
  But I think I just like shot ahead real fast.
  So I was really into the water slides.
  And then like, as the roller coasters got big and bigger, I was into that.
  There's like famous pizza places and famous cheese steak places that I was obsessed with.
  And it was just really, and it was like maybe my first little sense of independence.
  Like I could bring a friend on our family vacation and then we'd like walk up and down  the boardwalk.
  One of the stores had like playing cards with naked ladies on them.
  And we saw stuff like that.
  Very formative experiences on that boardwalk.
  That wasn't like behind a beaded curtain or something.
  It was just out.
  It kind of was behind, it was not the beaded curtain, but it was behind the counter.
  You did have to ask the guy to buy them and we chickened out.
  Wait, was it shown to you then?  It was brought down, but not purchased?  No, it was like on a shelf with like, you know, kind of what would it be?  The other pervy stuff or even just like cigarettes or whatever.
  It was just like, or maybe like tequila in a gun shaped bottle or things that need to  be behind the guy's head.
  It was back there.
  But yeah, the wildwood is always.
  I mean, it is wild.
  It's coincidentally it is a little wild and appear as wood on it.
  So yeah.
  So the Jersey Shore kind of splits like North Jersey Shore points like Seaside Heights,  which is a lot of people from New York, South Jersey.
  It's a lot more people from Philadelphia just by sheer like closeness and like length  of drive time.
  So that's what I because I remember Jersey Shore coming on TV and going like, I kind  of recognize this, but some of this is also unrecognizable.
  Like, this is not my experience.
  Yeah, right.
 There's more of a wildwood being way down there.
  It's like almost Delaware.
  It's like a mid-Atlantic vibe and it's more like families eating crabs and stuff like  that.
 It's not like, hey, we're yeah, we're it's not like city kids coming down to go  nuts.
 There's a bunch of like, yeah, famous pizza.
  Like in Wildwood, there's pizza called Max.
  Yeah, I love there's a bunch of them in Ocean City.
  It was Mac and Mancos.
  And then the Mancos side of the family like split from the Mac side.
  So then it became Manco and Mancos.
  And regardless of that, someone still went to jail for tax fraud.
  There's a lot of Pennsylvania Jersey establishments.
  It's like Tony Luke said, I mentioned it in Pasa.
  It's like cheese, eggs and Italian pork sandwiches.
  And I mentioned in passing that like, oh, yeah, they were talking about opening more  franchises across country and they were going to open one in L.
A.
  My dad's like, yeah, I think Tony Luke and Tony, Tony Luke Jr.
  and senior might be serving.
  I think they got the electric chair.
  I remember when I remember of Max Pizza, I loved it so much when I was a kid.
  It's like super thin crust, tasting a cracker, almost crunchy.
  But when you watch them make it, there's no illusion that it's like, oh, these are  the best ingredients to the point where the tomato sauce is coming out of a hose.
  Yeah, they got the hose.
  Why? Right on the pizza.
  Yeah, I love it.
  It's a sauce hose.
 I've never ever seen it.
  Pressurized.
  I think it's pressurized.
  I think they fill up a tub and that's how they get it.
  Like the pizza's made in and out so fast.
  It's a real thin crust.
  And then they don't use pizza cutters.
  They just use like these.
  I don't know what they are.
  Gardening, gardening shears.
  They slice it so quick.
  Wow.
 I got to see a video of this.
  It's great.
 Is this ever like an unwrapped with Mark Summers or anything?  I'm sure it is.
  It must.
 It's beloved there.
  It's like a type of pizza that never spread.
  It looks like New York pizza, but yeah, it kind of tastes like a saltine.
  It's almost like every read St.
  Louis style pizza.
  I don't think so.
  I know it's St.
  Louis is super thin and then like chopped up into squares.
  Oh, I don't think it's very square.
  But you know what's good in St.
  Louis is like at a pizza place, the appetizer will be deep fried ravioli.
  Oh, wow.
 Breaded and fried.
  It's great.
 Oh, geez.
  I'm a Chicago guy, so I like the thickest crust.
  Now, I feel like a lot of Chicago guys say not the deep dish.
  I like tavern style, but I've never had.
  I don't know what I don't even know what that is.
  It's like the thin crust.
  Yeah.
 Of Chicago.
  You don't know what it is.
 Maybe my also not that smarter, like worldly.
  Yeah, you got to be intellectual to know.
  Yeah.
  You're still mainly going to McDonald's and the.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So I'm eating Pizza Hut in Chicago.
  That's what I'm talking about.
  Then this begs the question, did either of you guys ever fantasize  about getting under that sauce hose?  I did.
 Man, I still fantasize about that.
  I wish my backyard I could water it down with that sauce hose.
  I had mangoes.
  I had it in December.
 I had a slice in December.
  No, we did.
  Yeah.
 Sauce hose still going strong.
  And can you ask just like for like one squirt in your mouth?  I think the other thing, I think there's a foot pedal involved.
  I think that's how you activate this.
  Oh, you're right.
  Yes.
 He stepped on like a like a metal pedal.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Like a rock guitarist.
 Yeah.
  Oh, he's working that thing like Steve Vi.
  It's very fun to be there off season, like in the winter.
  My first Wildwood trip, everything was closed.
  It was like March.
  And there was a Greek restaurant called Quality Restaurant  that we went to for every meal.
  And we loved it.
  But it's really fun to be in like a summer town when it's like snowy.
  Yeah, they do a lot.
  A lot of the towns like really kind of go all out for Christmas  or like do a big block party in November.
  Like that's cool.
 All sorts of innovative.
  All sorts of tricks to drum up business in the off season.
 Yeah.
  Tim, can I ask a question as a child or even an adult?  Did you like the food scrapple?  I just had my first scrap.
  Oh, first really? Oh, this is huge.
  Oh, this is good time.
  This is an East Coast food that Jason had growing up.
  We were sort of I was not aware of it at all.
  Jason brought it up when you growing up in Pennsylvania.
  Is it just like as common as, oh, would you like  bacon or sausage or scrap?  Yeah, I mean, I think that's the big difference.
  One of the big differences is like the diners in Pennsylvania  and even more so in South Jersey.
  It's like your breakfast meat options are like there's like seven of them.
  We're like bacon, sausage, scrapple, pork roll,  which they call Taylor Ham in North Jersey.
 Right.
  Hot Italian sausage, sweet Italian sausage.
  It's a lot of options.
  Anytime anyone's from the same area that Jason is, I ask two questions.
  Scrapple and something about South Side Johnny and the Asbury Joops.
  I know South Side Johnny and the Asbury Joops for sure.
  I'm a huge fan.
 OK, good.
 Good.
  I just want to make sure I heard him guest DJ on E Street Radio on Sirius XM.
  I love it.
 I love it.
 He's still playing.
  He doesn't come out and play shows here a lot.
  No, I wanted to see South Side  Johnny played in Asbury Park on the 4th of July last year,  and I missed him by like two days.
  I was very bummed.
  What's the appeal of him not knowing the full word?  Is it like is it like a way to is it like the Morris Day  and the time to Prince like you get a little extra?  Yes.
 Of the vibe that you like.
  Exactly what it is.
 All right.
  Yeah, that makes me get it.
  Because it's like I Bruce Springsteen is my mega all time favorite artist  by a mile.
  So it's fun to watch to get more of that style of music,  but like take away the star quality.
  Take away the superstar power.
  And it's just like, yeah, a guy with a good soul voice  and like a tight band playing R&B music.
  It's fun.
 And a couple of songs written by Bruce Little Stephen.
  Yeah, just fun.
  So you get the like the river, the river vibe of like old rock  and roll song that they like or did on that album, I should say.
  I bet if you're at a South Side Johnny show,  like at the Stone Pony or something and it's encore time and Bruce doesn't join.
  I bet everyone's like looking around the room like where are you?  Here this happens every time.
  He's really been popping up in like a lot of people's shows recently.
  Yeah.
 McCartney last night.
  Yeah, that's right.
  And Coldplay in New Jersey.
  And Coldplay, yes.
  A couple of weeks ago.
  You can't get through New Jersey without Bruce coming on stage.
  He waited longer than the other old acts with COVID, I feel like.
  He's going out next year, but he waited longer.
  So I feel he's itching.
  Yeah.
  Give me them cameos.
  Next year.
  Hey, Lauren, can I play?  Many politicians I could play on the show this year.
  I went to an SNL taping when Springsteen was the musical guest.
  And I went out.
  I like was like just hanging out in the writers room,  but then like snuck out right onto the floor to get real close when he's playing.
  I was like, oh, man, it was during the River tour.
  So he's playing like Meet Me in the City.
  And I was up real close and I was like so starstruck.
  And I turned to my left.
  Lauren is standing with Paul McCartney, just both of the artists watching.
  And McCartney wasn't even involved with the show that night.
  He just hangs out.
  She's just there.
  Jeez.
  Under the bleachers in Lauren's little like rosé area,  they'll be like John McEnroe or Alec Baldwin just like hanging out.
  John Mecker, the omnipresence of John McEnroe in cool comedy.
  And that is very strange to me.
  I'm not sure why.
  I feel like if you're just if you have enough money  and you're in midtown Manhattan on a Saturday night, you just get like.
  And if you have enough white hair, you're not bored.
  Don't go.
  If you're close enough to the building, you get ushered in.
  Yeah, like right this way.
  Scrapple, got to say, a little disappointed me a little bit.
  I built it up in my head.
  I liked it.
 But I was going.
  I had always heard about Danick's  roast pork sandwich with like the broccoli raw on it.
  Yeah.
 So I went to a food hall to eat that sandwich.
  And I loved it.
  And then I saw that the little diner at this food  market was like a Pennsylvania Dutch diner.
  So I popped in for some scrap.
  And it was like the sizzled edges were really good.
  But once you carve into it, it was I wasn't expecting.
  I didn't know it was processed.
  It's like, yeah, like mush.
  Inside is kind of almost like a paté or like a smooth.
  What I'm looking at and listeners, if you Google scratch something that I haven't  done, I don't think in all the time we've been talking about Scrapple,  the second image that I'm seeing, which is from something called Forager Chef.
  This is like this is gray.
  We are looking at it.
  Very low.
 Yeah.
  Is that is this like an outlier?  This is not a standard.
  No, no, it's very great.
  Well, usually the whole thing is gray.
  And then when you cook it in a pan, it gets kind of brown and crispy.
  OK, so it is a lot like paté,  but you take away the kind of fancy  livery taste that makes paté and delicacy.
  And you're just kind of it's just sort of like a little salty and fatty.
  Yeah, like a sausage filling or  just reading that it's a treat made with liver and buckwheat.
  You sure you sure treat is in that sense of those words.
  Well, kids in that area like love running through the buckwheat fields  and sucking on the buckwheat.
  It's a treat.
 I put them dry.
  Yeah, if I was from there, I would understand.
  But I guess I guess I got some Chicago buckwheat.
  Don't you worry.
 OK.
  Chicago buckwheat's real thick.
  Are you are you big into the Italian beef?  I like Italian beef.
 I don't know.
  Big I mean, what am I big into food wise?  That's not a question.
  I like food.
 I like food a lot.
  I like it.
  I eat it three times a day.
  I eat it all of it.
  The whole genre.
  I like a poor like Portillo's is down in Boyana Park, which is from the Midwest,  which is a big like Italian beef place.
  And there's one in Orange County.
  There's one.
  Yeah, there's one in a park.
  Yeah.
  And there's one in Moreno Valley.
  I know I know where they are here,  but they're very they're everywhere in the Midwest where I'm from.
  So, yeah, I get a beef.
  I get a beef and cheddar like croissant.
  Like it's just almost like a liquid.
  It's so wet.
  And it's really you could just drink it.
  It's not even it's so good, though.
  It's like the whole thing is soaked in beef is like wet.
  The beef is like, well, you get wetness level.
  This is not a joke.
  You think you're wetness level.
  How wet your beef is, how much gravy you want on it.
  And I see.
  Grab the tongs and dip it.
  OK, there's a sitting in a steam table.
  The standard amount of wetness is very wet.
  You don't have to say anything and they'll just make it extremely wet.
  But you could say I want it drier or if you don't want the thing I'm having,  you just have a regular beef on a roll and it won't be wet at all.
  You can you can choose your wetness comfort level.
  Why is wetness?  Why is wet meat the desire?  I think I don't understand that.
  I got to go try it.
  Dry meat.
 Come on.
  I mean, that doesn't sound good either.
  Yeah.
 It's going to hurt your mouth when you're eating.
  I I was at the Portillo's one in Chicago recently.
  It was delicious.
 I had like a hot dog with all the stuff.
  Yeah.
 Sport peppers and pickle spirits and stuff.
  And like a Polish sausage was great.
  And then afterwards, Mike Mitchell told me like,  oh, you got to get the chocolate cake shake.
  Oh, that's my man's favorite over here.
  I was down there.
  I went to the one in Wynna Park a few weeks ago because I was I was in Anaheim  and I was trying to wait out traffic  because I was saying like 90 minutes back to L.
A.
  And I got if you need the excuse, just get the cake.
  The excuse.
 So I got a Chicago hot dog and I got a cake shake.
  And I was sitting in my car eating it and I watched the suns.
  The parking lot of a beautiful view of the sunset.
  Could your last day on Earth in the Walmart,  in the Walmart parking lot, by the trampoline park in the Walmart.
  So beautiful sunset.
  And so I finished eating.
  I checked my phone.
  Drive back city.
 40 minutes.
 So worked.
 Nice.
 Beautiful.
  So did you have it, Tim?  I've never had the cake shake.
 OK.
 I've never gotten to it.
  It is good.
 We all chunks in it.
  They blend it all.
  They blend a slice of cake into amazing.
  Whole piece of cake in there.
 Yeah.
  How wet is it?  It's very wet.
  I mean, it's obviously there's some like hard particles in there,  some dry particles.
  So it's less wet than a normal milkshake, but it's still pretty wet.
  This is an episode, right?  Just going to me trying some of this wet beef and trying to kick.
  Well, you already talked about two episodes ago.
  We're going to make you eat things we like.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Make Scott eat like us,  which is a lot of pretty pebbles, like too much food, like too much cooked food.
  We need to get you some science food.
  We need to get you some post World War two quality.
  Yeah.
 Well, all the scientists who were working on weapons  and then switched to working on children's cereals and snack cakes.
  What's the kind of 48 hours?  What have you eaten?  What's 48 hours?  Well, look, last night it's it's thrown because last night  I went to today's topic.
  OK, all right.
  I pushed the I pushed my eating comfort, I'd say a little further.
  OK.
 And I usually would.
  So funny because that place I call that would think of that  as such a safe comfort food type of a place.
  It is.
 I mean, yeah, it totally is.
  And it is very literally like Walt Disney.
  Disney seems like he would be very scared of food.
  Yes.
 Exactly.
  Every day, I believe.
  I can think of a male.
  No.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 It was a different can of get parts.
  Chill with a can of Dennis.
  It's one of his favorite.
  You can afford anything in the world.
  You want to mix together two cans.
  That fact, by the way, is not in his notes.
  That's on his lock screen.
  That's the wallpaper.
  Just what he has ready to go in any moment.
  I want to hear what you had, but just to contextualize,  Walt Disney's daughter was describing his kind of, you know,  middle of the road taste in food.
  This is quoted in a KCET article.
  Before he married mother, father.
  Oh, my God.
  Is this not me?  Before he married mother, father had eaten in hash houses  and lunch wagons for so many years in order to save money  that he developed a hash house lunch wagon appetite.
  He liked fried potatoes, hamburgers, Western sandwiches,  hotcakes, can peas, hash stew and roast beef sandwiches.
  Hash.
 I think like corned beef hash.
  Yeah.
 Like, you know.
  So this is these are the culinary makings of the most  significant creative person of the century.
  American popular culture.
  We're all being held back by not eating more hash.
  Or hash.
 Yeah.
  You do.
 I mean, I get the thing of like, oh, I grew up on simple food.
  So that's what I like.
  And almost every fancy chef always has that thing of like,  I went I went to culinary school and did some fine dining.
  But then when I returned to my mother's cooking, that's when I could really  or whatever.
 But it is still funny that.
  I feel like if I were Walt and I had all that money,  how do you not want to just like at least I would just travel  the whole world eating until I found other stuff I liked, you know?  Well, and your ability to go like experience other cultures  like as he's traveling the world faster than most people are traveling the world.
  Right.
 And yet he's just eaten big bricks of meat, essentially.
  But it's what he likes.
 I don't know.
  So are you in general your picky eater?  No, I don't think so.
 No, no, no.
  I'm saying I just went like heavier, I would say, than usual.
  I'll get into it.
 But just to fully dive in.
  I mean, the big context here for people who are not in Los Angeles,  this is a restaurant in in Atwater Village called the Tamos Shantor.
  And why are we talking about it?  Mainly because it was Walt Disney's favorite restaurant.
  And I might go so far as to say maybe my favorite restaurant.
  Oh, wow.
  Right.
 Is it up there for OK for all of you?  Well, Tim, especially since you I I love it so much.
  I'm like a big steakhouse person in general.
 Yeah.
  So I'm like geared towards the genre.
  And there's like so many good ones in Southern California.
  And but Tamos Shantor specifically is like, yeah, it's  it's a jolly place like the Mary, especially in L.
A.
  There's not you don't really know what to do around the holiday.
  I'm from New York.
  And then I moved to L.
A.
 I was like, where should I go?  If I want to like feel like it's Christmas?  And it's like the answer is the Tamos Shantor between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
  There's carolers and it's it's packed with people and it's fun as fuck.
  Decorated in such a lovely fashion, like such warm,  glowy, Dickensian style holiday flair on top of the base of if you've never been here.
  It is like it's fantasy land.
  It is completely a big cottage.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's it's extremely snow white in the seven drawers,  especially feels like that newer that the since 1983 fantasy land of Disneyland.
  Yeah.
 Just so like gentle storybook.
  But then also it is Scottish themed.
  It's almost more Scottish themed than fully Scottish food.
  Right.
 There is Scottish food for sure.
  They kind of change the appetizer menu a lot, but they used to have a  more palatable version of haggis  that was maybe like made with beef and it was kind of cooked as a little pastry.
  And and there's there's some touches.
  There's there's like Scotch rarebit and a few Scottish things there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it's thematic architecturally.
  It's like a quaint little cottage.
 Yeah.
  The that's very like other world.
  It feels like centuries ago, old Europe.
  It really like stands out still, even though like the  well, there's a me me's across the street.
  So you get some of that storybook vibe over there.
  We like we've been a bit of a more corporate version of Pam O'Shanter  in me me's in rapid succession more than one night.
  Wow.
 Is that right?  More than once.
 Yeah, probably.
  Mike doesn't remember he blacked out.
  Who was that water nights back when Toys R Us was over there.
  Are you kidding me?  We make it a three part for a short period of time would go to  Tamao Shantar every week.
  There was like a couple months there where I was like, we're doing a thing.
  We're going to have a thing.
 This is what we do every week.
  And then the best feeling to have a thing.
  It gets so much.
 It gets increasingly hard to have a thing.
  So hard to have a thing.
  I used to have a lot of things I don't.
  I know.
 Where are things?  Oh, I would love a thing.
  Yeah.
 Me me's is funny to me because it's it's got to be a chain.
  I won't need to be in that one, but it's a chain.
  It's a chain.
 Yeah.
 It's a dwindling chain.
  They're disappearing slowly.
  It's French, right? Yeah.
  If you were to call it something like there's a crepes on the menu and stuff.
  Right.
 It's a big menu, though.
  So, yeah, it is.
  Or is it more of a New Orleans eat?  And that's why it's kind of just a regular.
  I'm trying to think of what a good French when I.
  Yeah.
 When I first went there, I thought it would just be like, yeah, Marie  Callender's or something like that.
  And then there's just there was more international flair.
  Has a little cut to it.
  It's a little it's like Epcot Marie calendar.
  That's a good description.
 Yeah.
  And those are all gone, too, right.
  Or at least here they are mostly.
  Yeah.
 There was that beautiful Marie Callender down on Wilshire.
  The campuses were always very nice, very like, yeah, homey and and  lighting, like fixtures in there.
  Yeah.
 That's all we want.
  Really is just like lamps, nice chairs.
  Yeah.
 It doesn't take much this like  this very traditional kind of restaurant.
  You go to this.
  You know, I don't know.
  It's not the way now everything's sort of like, like flipped houses.
  It's all everything looks like a property brother's house.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's boring.
  The taffarization of these places, I will say, despite loving  John Taffer, love the man.
  I know everything anybody he has on board, even the ones he won't share publicly.
  But yeah, the idea that is like weird lighting, the booze bottles from underneath  and it all looks like standard, like less than a Taco Bell inside.
  Yeah.
 Like, I don't think so.
  You know what's happening now?  We've been talking about on the sloppy boys podcast is I'm always trying to figure out like,  what's the drink of the summer?  What are drink trends or whatever?  And I read a bunch of articles about restaurant wise.
  There's a thing in New York  speaking of the the Meme's and the Marie Callender's and stuff.
  Have you had a dirty, dirty Shirley?  It's like a Shirley.
 Oh, oh, this is right up my alley.
  Oh, yeah, you into it.
  Because I'm a big I like a good drink that has like a lot of colors in it.
  And as a child, I was obsessed with the Shirley Temple.
  So a couple of years ago when I realized you could do that.
  Yeah, it was amazing.
  You're allowed.
 I didn't know.
  You can defile this little girl's name.
  I turned that's not I wasn't exciting to me.
  The drink itself with a little bit of a buzz is, you know, I turned 33 and realized,  wow, we could have a party here.
  But you still kept it a little bit of a buzz.
  Yeah.
 Well, you don't want to have too much.
  You don't have too much.
  It's a lot of grenadine in there.
  Well, you know, it's having a huge moment right now in New York.
  And like the New York Times wrote an article that was like,  is this the drink of the summer? OK.
  And somebody's theory about it was that post-COVID, like a lot of people,  people in their 20s left the cities during COVID.
  And now they're back with some of the suburban  it's almost like an ironic love of the suburbs has come back to cities with them.
  So there's this new trend in restaurants being like,  you're in Brooklyn at a hip hip restaurant, but there's a Bloomin' Onion on the menu.
  And there's kind of like the lamps like Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany.
  Yeah.
 And kind of like the uncle most family feed bag,  like a bunch of crap on the walls and baskets of mozzarella sticks.
  Coming is coming back with a little ironic wink to it.
  OK, OK.
 A high price tag.
  Yeah, yeah, that's great.
  I mean, if you could, the only thing you want to change, really,  is like to get that food a little better, better.
  Because we love the vibe of these places.
  But if you actually go back, maybe food's not so quality.
  I think something that I love about this restaurant is that it is a very  you can take your parents there and they love it,  but you can love it, too, because places like that can be a swing and a miss.
  Yeah, it's a safe bet.
  Oh, I bring I've always brought my parents there.
  And then Lowry's primary in Beverly Hills is the same owners.
  So they have the same primary.
  I bring my parents to both of those places.
  My father-in-law is Scottish.
  He's from Glasgow and we brought him to Tamishanter.
  And at first, he was sort of like, is this making fun of me?  I don't know about this.
  And then he warmed up to it.
  And now it's like every Father's Day.
  It's a go to, in fact, one Father's Day in the booth, the next table,  Cameron Crowe.
  Whoa.
 Wow.
  With his two sons.
  I think he's divorced and it was kind of having a sweet like  Father's Day thing with just the two boys.
  And it was like two boys lost in their phones.
  And he was like, what are you guys going to get?  I think I'm going to get prime rib.
  It was a very cute dad moment.
  How Jesus.
  Yeah, it's a it's a very safe bet.
  And then with the parents, it always works because you just go,  you know, Walt Disney here and they go, well, well, how about that?  You got something to talk about.
  There's the legend strum through it.
  I mean, OK, so like vibe wise, just to keep saying,  because like wonderful on the outside, really distinct architecture,  which, by the way, here's where's another thing about it.
  Hundred years, hundred years this year, the oldest month  is really this one.
  26, 1922.
  What? Wow.
  Shortly after this episode around the release of this episode.
  Congratulations and continuously run the entire time.
  Like it's it obviously changes because it's been a hundred years.
  Look, people die.
 It's what happened.
  But it hasn't like and it's shifted now.
  It's under the ownership of Lowry's.
  But Lowry's like completely like that.
  I believe the current CEO of Lowry's is the great grandson of the founder.
  Yeah.
 Of one of the founders of it.
  So there's a real through line in ownership,  which I think is extremely rare.
  Yeah, well, it's even more like there's so many connections  founded by Lawrence Frank, the Lowry in question.
  I guess that was his name.
  He's Lowry.
 I didn't feel that.
  And then the other founder, Walter van de Kamp, the bread guy.
  Yeah, they they they two of them together also founded  the end of camps, Holland Dutch Bakeries, which went bankrupt in 1990.
  Then the brand was purchased by a group called Pinnacle Foods.
  That owns Duncan Hines, Mrs.
  Butterworths, Bird's Eye Hungry Man, Log Cabin Maple Syrup.
  And Ralph's uses the van de Kamp name on their bread.
  So the Pinnacle Foods factory, the only place you'd rather be  than sitting in a car drinking a cake shake.
 Sure.
  I mean, look, I bought some van van de Kamp.
  Half the price of or a wheat bread also tastes like garbage.
  The most plain food you've ever had.
  That's a puffy pillow.
  Yeah, it has a little windmill on it, right?  As a little windmill and the bakery, I think, is still around this area.
  And there was a they also owned coffee shops.
  And I think it's in Arcadia.
  There was it's it became a Denny's,  but it was very like 60s mod roof with a big windmill on top.
  I don't know if it's gone now, but they were trying to save the windmill.
  But I remember that jumping out at me before, like one of those  clearly old style architecture.
  But what I was saying about the little like  little like old world village nature of it, this was just this was just  dirt roads at the time.
  Now, of course, fully populated and a me meets across the street.
  But it was essentially in not the middle of nowhere, but like not fully.
  I don't know.
 It's its own odd little hut there.
  Right.
 It must have been more of like a destination restaurant back then  when it wasn't really a neighborhood.
  People are coming up from downtown or something.
  I think so.
 There's letters on the wall you can look at of them  trying to drum up business with people working downtown.
  And it's just a hop, skip and a jump.
  If you take Glendale Boulevard, like predates the freeways.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So super old school.
  I think the closest thing previously was Griffith Park,  because they used to sell box lunches for people  would then go picnic at Griffith Park.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And it's well and it ties into all that like old.
  I feel like it's it's it's catering to studios around there  that used to be there.
  So like, wait, I there's a list of like  silent movie stars who you would find around those parts.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, there you go.
  Not uncommon to spot Mary Pickford, the Keystone Cops.
  You'll be having lunch with the Keystone.
  Wow.
 Oh, imagine the hijinks.
  They get just to each other.
  Tom Mix in his leather chaps.
  Or fatty Arbuckle in his suit and tie.
  Oh, my.
 You're dying.
  You're dying in with fat.
  And like so.
 So now when it's all of us,  when it's all the we're the new generation casters.
  Yeah.
 The fatty Arbuckle.
  We're the new fatties, the new Keystone.
  That's what the birthday boys felt like.
  I don't know how many Keystone cops there were.
  Yeah.
 I wish they had.
  Only six.
  I've seen it.
  The on Glendale Boulevard in Echo Park, the  public storage by Jack in the Box has a little plaque  that says Keystone Cops shorts were shot here because it was owned by.
  It was Max Senate Studios.
  There's still like a Max Senate Studio in in Los Feliz,  but the public storage was like a whole big studio.
  I think I think so.
 Yeah.
  There's kind of weird shaped building.
  Yeah.
 Behind some bars.
  And it like down the street from middle school in that area.
  And that's the Max Senate Studios building.
 And  the yeah.
  So I mean, Walt, what is now Gelson's on on Hyperion was Disney.
  The studios, studios, studios where they made Snow White,  where they made Snow White to Burbank after that.
  So up and did they only make Snow White or was it a few more?  I think maybe of the maybe they were maybe some of Pinocchio or Fantasia.
  Yeah, they made like a long nose.
  Sure.
  And they were like, yeah, animated the nose.
  And then they said, we got to move.
  That's all we got.
  I think they would.
  I even after the move to Burbank, which was like 1940,  he was still a regular at the Tamo Shantor.
  And what was then with is now Walt Disney  Imagineering is also kind of a straight shot to the Tamo Shantor.
  Oh, cool.
 Because I knew.
  Yeah, I think the Tamo Shantor, like the architecture is just based on being  like a Scottish farmhouse or something.
  But there's rumors that it's like, oh, the early sketches for Snow White's  cottage were like based on this.
  And then nearby, there's those like Snow White cottages.
  Yeah.
 Right around the corner from the old studio.
  You still live in East LA.
  Yeah, at least I don't know if it was one of them because the actual  there's like eight of it, but it was it was there in that style.
  Like it was definitely right there.
 Yeah.
  I looked it up and it was like  those weren't built by Disney, but those were a lot of the people  that worked like animators that  worked at at the studio that's now Gelson's did live in those cottages  as like worker apartments and stuff like the idea that he wanted his little  his little minions to live in little cottages like George.
  Yes.
 It's such a funny little heavy little man.
  Oh, Eva Anderson was telling me, you know,  Walt had like the nine old men.
  Yes.
 The main treasure, the great animators who made made the Golden Age happen.
  Eva goes to a lot of estate sales.
  And she went to one of like the house of the state of the one of the nine old men  after he passed away.
 Really? Wow.
  And he had a whole Playboy room, every Playboy magazine ever, ever.
  Like in in order, like all around the room in the date that they.
 Wow.
  Came out.
 Geez.
  Did he have like like other memorabilia?  I guess he probably did.
  He had just only the Playboys and no other belongings.
  He didn't know furniture had no need for the no food.
  I mean, he kept on this sperm.
  You know, he was like Steve Jobs cutting his wardrobe down to just a black turtleneck.
  This guy cut all his entertainment down to just Playboys.
  Yeah.
 He just wanted to read like Gourvedal stories and look at naked ladies.
  I do love like an old guy with a white mustache and a cardigan.
  Like, and you know, Playboy is kind of wholesome, so it makes sense for like  an animator to be looking at a soft core magazine  well into the like eighties or whatever, nineties.
  It's just to study the human form.
  It's my job.
 That's what I have to do to keep up on the trends.
  Speaking of the speaking of of the nine old men, this is so among the Disney  touches that you will find when you go in there, the big ones are in the lobby.
  And there is a very loving drawing of Lawrence Frank, the owner  or the founder.
  And this is done by John Hensch, who's one of the one of the nine old men  and one of the great like Disney Imagineering figures as well.
  This is from 58 and it is Lawrence Frank,  this guy we don't know otherwise dressed in traditional Scottish garb.
  And the characters, I don't think the characters look at Walt this way.
  They are in love with this man.
  It's Mickey, Minnie, Donald Goofy, all just with the most admiration  you could ever have.
  And then Tinkerbell is blessing him, giving him a little touch of magic.
  I mean, this is like, has there ever been a more loving piece of art?  Thank you for the Lowry's family of restaurants.
  Thank you for the seasoned assault.
  The the other picture next to it, also very loving.
  And this was from Walt Disney Studios  a few decades later,  I think for 75th birthday.
  I got this too.
 Yes.
  These are the so these are the owners at the time further down  the Frank family line.
  And it's so it's the the owners at the time also in traditional Scottish garb.
  And they are handing a big platter of beef  to an awaiting table of six very hungry Mickey's.
  Yes.
 A full multiverse of Mickey's from every era.
  So there's some I mean, it's nice to see the harmony here  where the ones with the ones that have pupils  are sitting with the ones that are just pupils,  which are sitting with the ones with like wedges taken out of their eyes.
  They can all the Mickey's find a way to get they all agree on  big plates of very rare beef.
  It's funny those looking at those Mickey's for years.
  I always think about how weird is that Mickey?  It's not like just the drawing updated, but they changed the character  where he was like a little stinker originally.
  Yeah, the Bugs Bunny and he was getting into.
  Yeah.
 And then they kind of decided like then he was just like,  I'm a sweet guy.
  You know, like it was like if he's the flagship character,  he has to just be perfect kind of.
  Yeah.
 Lost his Bart Simpson edge.
  They gave it like to Donald.
  They gave some of that to Donald.
  So they like separated Mickey's personality out and left him with nothing.
  Because what does he really?  It's like then even like Pluto's having the fun and Mickey's like,  what's going on?  He's they've they've made him in the new cartoons.
  They've given him like now he's like insanely neurotic,  like he's really stressed out all the time.
  And it is funny.
 The new the new shorts are really funny.
  Yeah, he's back.
  Is this like a Disney XD or where am I?  It's not Disney Plus, probably on Disney Channel.
  Yeah, but they're really funny.
  And he's like he's really out of his mind.
  But in a different way, he's not he's not as much a stinker  and he's much more stressed.
  He's just the little triangles out of the eyes almost indicate.
  Does it is he like a high or super medicated or medicated?  Indicate like like, yeah, something might have been up with him.
  It's like a Judy Garland situation.
  Yeah, back then, even like  he kept him pulled up for money.
  They kept made him work all in such a daze.
  All over the counter medicine back then just had a little bit of speed in it,  no matter what you were taking.
  Yeah, they didn't tune down.
  Yeah, even in Toontown, they should update that with our favorite Polo shirt.
  Like early 90s, late 80s Mickey, they should add characters to that drawing.
  Yeah, this gentle subverting draw over the work.
  Yeah, the famous drawing.
  What's your favorite polo shirt?  The Mickey when he's wearing like kind of just like a yellow polo  and kind of like blue slacks like that.
  That's a rolled up sleeve.
  Yeah, yeah, that's like 80s, 90s lewd, like lewd, quite lewd.
  Mickey, yeah, he like stumbling to his car.
  Wolf of Wall Street is  losing his limbs.
  Well, I mean, mainly I look at this and go, OK, so they gave him some.
  Disney gave him something in the 50s and they did something for the 75th.
  Where where's Disney at? They forgot Tam.
  They aren't giving him any presence these days.
  Yeah, well, Chaypek probably it's out.
  He cut it.
 Yeah, they were working on it.
  He doesn't want to go there.
  He's trying to put it out.
 I heard a dollar piece of art.
  I heard he's trying to put it.
  He's trying to put him on a business, I heard.
  To build a new building, a mini park on top of or a luxury hotel.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Hotel with four rooms.
  Yeah, yeah.
 So long, Tam.
  A number of years ago, they were they did run  for the fan club for D23.
  You could schedule like a day long tour  where you would tour the lot and some of the archives.
  And then the day would end with a three course meal at the Tam O'Shanter.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Very nice.
  Which, by the way, let's maybe we should get into this aspect of it, too.
  The very famous thing about it, which is that not only a place  that Walt Disney liked to go, but where he had his special table  as referred to in the top of the show, Table 31, that's Walt's table.
  There is a plaque on the table  commemorating that he and the Imagineers it was.
  I don't know if it elaborates.
  This is a place they went to.
 Right.
  The earliest language in parentheses.
 They've been here  more more than once, can't promise more than three times.
  It's sort of it is the table that you it's not like the best table in the house,  but it is the table of a regular where it's sort of nestled in a corner  by the fireplace.
 You're kind of facing out.
  I feel like it's maybe a booth on one side and chairs on the other  or something like that, where I think that's right against the wall.
  It's a good place to like eat by yourself almost or have a meeting.
  And yeah, I always feel like when you're there, you see people.
  There's always someone sitting at that table  and the people walking past whisper is like, that's Walt's table.
  Yes.
 And I always do it.
  Yeah, of course you have to.
  When I went there yesterday, I was poking around.
  I was taking pictures.
  I was seeing if there was anything scratched in the table  that would read as a photograph.
  And as I was being that guy, there was nobody there at them.
  I wasn't like pushing people's plates out of the way.
  I shoved them off the table.
  But somebody at a table right next to it, then like,  like it was a family dinner and there was a mom who like.
  So are you an Imagineer or do you?  I know I just like this stuff.
 I do a podcast.
  Oh, OK, great.
 What's your favorite part?  So I got I suddenly started this conversation about theme parks  just by poking around there.
  And somebody at the table was an Imagineer.
  Well, I don't want to say any more that I or at least like  contractors working there at the time.
  But yeah, I hey, I got a little bit of that Tinkerbell.
  Somebody who was shook off pixie dust from the dream factory that day.
  Wow.
 OK, did they draw you like a sketch of you in the tam or?  He took a picture of me.
 That's plenty.
  OK, I guess.
 Yeah, God, I missed out.
  I should have.
 I should do more work for free.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I only saw this on one blog, but I kind of believe it.
  Somewhat they mentioned while that is referred to,  you know, it's got the plaque on it and they say, oh, Disney's table  that he preferred to sit at the bar.
  He would sit at the bar with Lawrence like he would, you know,  she was a fat with the owner.
 Yeah.
  So and I believe that I also prefer the bar.
  I mean, you know, the bar is great because you can just walk in and sit down.
  And a lot of times it's not terribly busy.
  And you can order the full menu.
  And even if you are getting like the prime rib can come out real fast  because it's already cooked and they're just like scooping potatoes.
  And yeah, so it's like I've like popped in there.
  In fact, I was there like for like a bar night where like friend Mike Hanford  was in town and he was like, hey, come meet up at the bar.
  And it was like friends hanging around a bar.
  And I got a little hungry.
  And it was like late later on in the night.
  And I just like sat there and was like, oh, I have a fucking tamarish  answer cut.
 And I just sat there and ate like a sixty dollar dinner.
  Well, like my friends were behind me talking and it was like amazing  to just how fast it came out.
  And it was treated like it's bar food.
 And it's like amazing.
  You can recall that.
 Yeah.
 You like hunched over.
  You have to turn your back to everybody.
  I did.
 But what better food to do it for?  But hey, we got to talk about next.
  Worst fucking thing in the world.
  Next morning.
 Test positive for COVID.
  Text all my friends.
  Was waiting for you to bring it up.
  I didn't want to be the one to bring it up.
  It was it was so shitty because it was like this was like last summer  when it was still, you know, like I felt so fucking scared  that I maybe had passed it along to other people.
  That's so much worse than getting it.
  It's like knowing that people with children maybe had got it from me.
  And then I thought you made it.
  You did very quick rounds of it.
  You seem to get the get the news out quickly.
  I had to get that.
 I mean, I tweeted like some people are like embarrassed,  but I tweeted I have covid just so that I could sleep soundly  because I felt so bad because I took my mask off to eat my prime rib  and then was talking to people.
  But it did make me feel better, though, because I was like, wait, OK,  now where was I in relation to him that whole?  Well, he was he did have his back turned eating that prime rib for a lot of it.
  So at the bartender.
  Yeah.
 So they got the rib like absorbed.
  That is all the yeah.
  Just me and the rib went down that night.
  Yeah.
 It can get a little noisy.
  So when they said for your side, do you want cream, spinach, cream, corn  or covid 19?  I was like, yeah, the last one.
  Whatever it is.
  I love my please.
  I also recall I think I had the thought because I was it was  there weren't a lot of indoor things going on at the time.
  And I remember having the thought like, just calm down.
  Look, maybe somebody in there will have it.
  But it's not going to be like the you walk in and the first person  that you talk to has it.
  And then the next morning when you say I was like that,  he was the very first person.
  And I also and I fucking felt like shit because I deserved it  because it was this was August of last year.
  So it was like we had just got I had just got my shots  and then the shots kicked in.
  So I was kind of like, oh, I think I'm immune.
  So and it was like do it during the two weeks in L.
A.
  when things were sort of opening back up before Delta really hit.
  And so I had had a weekend.
  It was like, oh, Hanford's in town from New York.
  So I had I rode the mechanical bull at the  South Ranch, the West Hollywood.
  So I was out on the ranch and I went to a Dodger game  and then I came to the time.
  I'm a shatter.
  So it was like it was like, yeah, I'm going to get.
  Oh, you got it from Saddle Ranch.
  I got it.
 Yeah, I was wearing a mask there, but they saw.
  Yeah, it's sad.
 It's it's strong.
  Yeah.
 They have good.
  There's you got it from the vibe of Saddle Ranch.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 They handed out of the door.
  But I had to ride, though.
  That's something we can.
  Oh, that is a ride.
 I'm dying to do the saddle ranch.
  You got well, you got to ride.
  The sloppy boys all wrote it.
  And you remember once it starts, you're like, oh, the whole point of this  thing is for there to be girls on it.
  And it's like, hey, it looks like she's having sex.
  So the guy who's doing it is like making you kind of like hump slowly back and  forth.
 Controlling it.
 There's a dude controlling it.
  Yeah, that's weird.
 It's very weird.
  You get like you like look, you can lock eyes with him and he's like, hey, hey, hey.
  Oh, I got to get off on it.
  So it's good.
  So you guys went in public? Yeah.
  You get voyeurism.
  Yeah, it was fantastic.
  We did it as a little competition and and Jeff one Hanford  kept getting tossed off that real fast.
  OK, but it was fun.
  Well, we have to do it then, I guess.
  Yeah, that's a ride.
  They had the ball.
 They got rid of it at City Walk.
  They got rid of all saddle ranch, which is up at City Walk.
  So what's there now?  Nothing.
 A lot of dirt lot.
  I think they replaced it with nothing.
  It's just a it's just a field.
  You needed some dirt up there.
  And it used to be what?  What's the name of the guy?  You know, the character wheel, the wagon.
  Yeah, it's like a wagon.
  HP wagon wheels, something like I mean, that seemed like the best.
  Yeah, I can't remember.
  It was we love it at some point, too.
  Whatever we love is one of our top 10 restaurants.
  We can't think of what it is.
  Well, let me see.
  Here's what I remember about that space.
  And then the saddle ranch still had it is that it was one of those  restaurants that is like a I said the word campus about recounters.
  And I think I mean it that I love the restaurant where you keep bumping  into room after room after room and the rooms are all a little different  than each other and you go like and this is here, too.
  And there's a big like there's a wedding reception in one.
  But then just a bunch of people eating in one.
  And it's all it feels like a little adventure as you bump around.
  And I think that's something that Tamar Chancher has that restaurants  have increasingly led just as like like new restaurant  physical footprints are never going to be as big as that place that opened in the 20s.
  Yes.
 If John Taffer was walking through,  why is this room different than the other room?  Like it's like it's people like that.
  And there's totally different vibes.
 Yeah.
 Room to room.
  That's like quiet, like old couples having dinner.
  And my first time ever there, which is probably why it charmed me so much,  just happened to be I sat in the bar and it was a Burns night,  like a Burns dinner, which is like an annual thing.
  That's the poet who it's named.
  Yeah, the poet that wrote the the the Tamo Chantre poem.
  But he also wrote like the lyrics for old Lang's and all kinds of stuff.
  And he's like the poet laureate of Scotland.
  There's a night every year in January in pubs where people like  get together and recite his poetry and get really drunk.
  And there's a lot of like interactive stuff you do.
  So I was in the bar and it was just like all these like drunk old people get.
  It was so charming because it was like it was the actual people.
  It was their real culture.
  It wasn't a bunch of me's kind of like horning in on it.
  But they would like stand like like hit like a beer  stein on a table to get people's attention and stand up and like say  a line of a poem and then everyone would drink to it.
  And there was like interactive sort of like call and response stuff going on.
  And I was like, is it like this every night?  This is fucking cool.
  And it was one night a year.
  I I ended up there once where like an Irish, like folk rock band was like,  all right, thank you for coming.
  We're going to record our EP right now.
  Whoa, OK.
  A lot of pressure for you.
  We're on and I am there eating.
  I think I was doing a bar crawl throughout what a lot of dive bars.
  There's a lot of quaint bars in that area.
  And I think I ordered an Irish coffee and then the table side hot fudge  Sunday and a TMO.
  Another classic.
  If you listen closely to that EP, you can hear the CC McGill.
  What is it?  Then you can keep hearing more.
  More.
  More.
  I'm going to tell you when I tell you.
  Oh, you don't need that many nuts or fudge.
  You're not getting a tip.
  You know, it's a fun thing.
  They might not do anymore is in the bars that the sandwich counter is that  did that go that way?  A COVID victim sandwich.
  And a sandwich and a bar.
  Was that what's going on?  I started going all the good meats like carved onto a sandwich.
  And then you walk over to a funny little counter that had like  this like peanut coleslaw and took a really kind of gross usually.
  I like that.
  Peter Coleslaw, I guess I don't mind if it's gone bad.
  You can get all the same stuff now, but it's back in the kitchen.
  Right.
  Maybe better, maybe more sanitary back there.
  But you get dollops of that horseradish, which is crazy.
  That packs a punch.
  Yeah, that's like made.
  Wow.
  Well, it's made horseradish.
  Damn.
  Really, real spicy.
  Like you feel like you snorted it, even if you just took a tiny bite.
  They give you the spicy stuff and then they give you the creamy stuff and they  say, hey, you can customize by mixing them together to your appropriate level.
  Wow.
  Like Walt's chili cans.
  Right.
  Which companies?  What's that?  What were the chili companies?  Geb Hards and Denison's.
  Got it.
  I don't know if Geb Hards is still in business.
  I think I had Denison's like in the Boy Scouts.
  I feel like I have a page of Denison's.
  Do you know, do we know what Walt ordered here?  Because they don't have chili on the menu.
  They have like old timey stuff like stew and or some, I mean, French onion soup and  stuff.
  Yeah.
  But like the cocktail, I've had the table 31 cocktail and it's like rye elderflower  liqueur and maybe like apple brandy or something like that.
  It's got a strong apple.
  I love that drink for whatever reason.
  Yeah.
  It's in any like, I think that's all my favorite stuff is reddish whiskey drinks.
  And that's a nice, that's a, that's a beautiful orange.
  That's a well balanced, like real crisp, nice drink.
  I had it once and I loved it and I was like, wait, I feel like Walt, I was wondering if  he really drank and I was like, he seems like he would be like a tea totaler to me.
  Like, and I was like, does Walt Disney drink?  And I looked it up and it's, and he did drink and his go-to drink was a, like a Scotch  Breeze.
  Scotch Mist.
  Scotch Mist.
  It's black and white Scotch, crushed ice and a little twist of lemon.
  So, so really just a Scotch on the rocks.
  Yeah, just Scotch on the rocks.
  Yeah.
  Do you know, like, did he get tanked on those?  Is there any stories of him getting kind of loose?  I think he got, well, we've read the big thing is that he would go, he, uh, he got an  injury playing polo.
  We did a whole episode on our Patreon called Walt's Polo Injury in which we discovered  that he was in two polo games with people who died in the game.
  Jesus.
  Two men were murdered by horses in front of Walt Disney.
  His brother was like, stop playing this game.
  No, is that a part of polo?  I mean, it seemed, I guess it's generally dangerous, but I don't, you have to, that  percentage, cause how many could he possibly have played?  Did he play more than a hundred games?  Cause it was just one game.
  Two percent involved death.
  He called him the angel of death.
  So after his polo games, he still kept playing, but then he would, but then he had a  horrible injury and fell off a horse, didn't die, but a horrible injury.
  So then for years he had a nurse who would give him a massage while he got super  drunk in a little side room.
  At the end of the day, called his laughing place, like in splash mountain.
  I'm going to go to my laughing place and get a massage and a scotch.
  Yes, that makes sense.
  I'm so curious about the guy cause he's so weird.
  It's like, I, when I moved to Los Felas, I read that the bio, like the big, thick  biography on him, because I wanted to like walk around Kingswell and Vermont and  like see all of the spots.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  That I was trying to remember it all today that Kingswell is where there was a  house where he first lived.
  It was his uncle's house and he lived with his brother and it's where he made the  first shorts, the Alice shorts.
  Yeah.
  So that's there.
  But then like the fancier place that he leveled up to was in that neck of the woods.
  Yeah.
  And then like up, like, uh, in, in like the Hills of Los Felas is like his, like  manch, first mansion he mentioned before he went to like home, B Hills, when he had  like a giant estate, but like there's a key shop or like a copy shop, uh, shop off  of Vermont that has a big mural because it was his first, first, yeah, that studio.
  It was first off.
  And so the first like non house where he made, right.
  So cause he moved like right across the street from his uncle and then rented a  little house and he could like walk to work, but he's a fascinating dude because  he's, uh, there's a certain creepiness like, you know, his, uh, it's like his  staff went on on the strike at one point and he just like never got over it.
  And oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  He hates, he hated unions.
  Yeah.
  I mean the undercurrent of his early life seems like there was a lot of hard  times and a lot of sadness.
  Yeah.
  And then he gets older and he starts to get successful, but then he's haunted by  chronic injury from a polo, uh, uh, insane polo.
  He, yeah, that's the mention of it that he was in horrible pain for what?  Yeah.
  30 more years and then died pretty like quickly and violently.
  It seems like that cancer shot through him.
  Smoked like a chimney probably.
  And it seems like he kept long hours.
  Yeah.
  And the smoking probably helped to keep him alert, you know,  Walt had all the same bad opinions that like a John Taffer might have, you know,  but his life is interesting and it's full of crazy shit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, no, it's a weird, we, yeah, I, we like to think we're one of the only  podcasts about this stuff that isn't just like, and then an angel named  Walt Disney came to earth.
  I mean, that's why I like thinking both things at the same time is it's like,  it's, uh, you know, there's like Disney people that are just like, wow, Mickey.
  And then there's, uh, and then there's, and then there's people that are like,  Oh, fucking corporate bullshit, man.
  Fuck all the Disney is like, I think both can be true at once.
  And I like thinking about Walt as like, I do think those movies are, has,  have a magic to them in the Disney world charms me in a way that's magical.
  And then at the same time, I can walk around Disneyland and kind of see the  dark side of it and be kind of grossed out by some of the people watching and  stuff.
  And I like thinking about both at once.
  So I like thinking of Walt, like making an amazing fairy tale movie, but then  getting drunk during his massage in his laughing room or whatever.
  Like what makes that weird guy tick?  Because he's like, you could tell by the way some of those nine old men and  stuff, you would think that they'd be really close with them, but they weren't  like, they'll tell stories of their best memories of Walt.
  And it's like, you know, after I made Sleeping Beauty, he patted me on the  back and said, good job.
  And I think of that all the time.
  Oh, I don't know that he was like, I don't think he was very warm.
  Most rampage.
  I think the hugger.
  Yeah.
  He was because I think his persona on TV was like, I'm a big cuddly teddy bear.
  Hello.
  Welcome to me.
  It gives me some money for my movies and theme park.
  But then I, yeah, like the Sherman brothers, I think the last time they saw  him before he died, they were just like, he actually gave them a solid compliment  and they were like, something's wrong.
  They like knew something.
  We got to find a new gig.
  Great job fellas.
  And then he closed the door and they were like, he's going to die.
  Man, have you something like that?  Have you seen that Sherman brothers movie?  The documentary?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then like when they're, they've been estranged for so long and they see each  other in the red carpet and one is still kind of like, yeah, no, it never, they  never got it because they, one of them has passed away.
  Yeah.
  Uh, but no, I don't think they ever, they never got along really well.
  I think at least one of them seemed to elude and it's not a dissimilar  array from dizzy of like having seen some things in the war.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  That was, that's the one.
  There's one who's a goofball and one who's a war vet who was in the shit  and is fucked up forever.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that's, I think, I mean, he would drink with the Sherman bro.
  Like there's the anecdote about like him inviting the Sherman brothers to his  office and there was a piano and they go, he's played the song and they know to  play feed the birds for Mary Poppins.
  Him, him wanting, him wanting to hear feed the birds, the saddest song from  Mary Poppins.
  And I think that is a very interesting anecdote.
  It is also one of the most heartbreaking things I've ever heard.
  Yeah.
  Walt wanted to wallow in his sadness.
  Yeah.
  So he wanted us to play live one of the saddest songs.
  But if he, oh, go ahead.
  Oh, I was going to say that, uh, one of the, uh, I briefly lived about a half  mile from the Tambo Shantar and the most, I think the place that I, the closest  I ever came to having a haunt.
  Yeah.
  I certainly did drink there a lot because I was very depressed at the time.
  So happy time, you know, there's even happy moments.
  Did you make any brilliant feature films?  I know.
  Indelible characters.
  And I just got drunk and did improv.
  Many, like 30 characters a show.
  Any number of little bits in streaming things that are now lost to the ages.
  They're off of the internet.
  That are onto beat up decaying Lucy hard drives.
  Did you become or any of you, uh, VIP members Lowry's?  Oh yeah.
  Oh, there you go.
  Yeah.
  I looked at my history before recording today because your whole history is  recorded.
  If you go online, it'll tell you when, what days you ate there.
  Wow.
  The greatest story of how many points you accrued that day.
  I love pulling out that card.
  I feel like a big shot and it does.
  Sometimes it's like a pretty, you know, like it's a crap shoot.
  Sometimes like, Oh, dessert was free or it's 10% off.
  I've been there with people where it's like this whole fucking meal was free.
  Like, yeah, major point.
  Yeah.
  This is a, I think the doughboys maybe turned me onto this fact that if you,  that it's a very reasonable, will pay itself back VIP program.
  So glad I did it.
  Cause yeah, if you go just for, you know, for big celebrations or whatever, but  you want a little further, correct?  Oh yes.
  I've bragged to you about how I, my wedding was that, have you ever been to  the LA river center?  No, no.
  Cypress park kind of near the, um, home Depot, like on the other side of Dodger  stadium, um, on the other side of the river from Dodger stadium.
  And it's now like, it's this weird place that you can have weddings at, but it's  sort of just, um, it feels like it's owned by the city government or something.
  And it's just like this kind of old event space, charming outdoor kind of  Spanish, uh, courtyard, but then a little, a little bit dingy and a little bit  dated.
 And when me and Jessica were touring wedding venues, we were like  charmed by the place.
  And then we found out the history of it is, um, it was Lowry's, uh, like the  same Lowry's, uh, and you know, like they got real big after the seasoned salt.
  Uh, and,  Oh yes, this might be the, if her listeners not in Los Angeles, this might  be where you've heard the name Lowry, cause that's a product nationwide, correct?  A lot of people put it on eggs.
  I saw, I was watching the Kardashians and Chris Kardashian was like, you can't  have eggs without Lowry's seasoned salt.
  And then Dutton was saying like, Oh, growing up, I always had this on my eggs.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  I think of it as a prime rib.
  We always had seasoned pepper in the house.
  Yeah.
  It's a couple brands of it, but Lowry's being one of them.
  I'm sure I love their logo.
  Just that, like that, that becalming big, thick swirly L it feels so like  designer.
  It's like one of those guys.
  Oh really?  Yeah.
  Like Saul Bass.
  Is that a designer?  What?  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I, yeah.
  Now I don't remember what the, what the Saul Bass stuff is, but yeah, for sure.
  Yeah.
  So Lowry's prime rib restaurant is similarly like in the way that Tamar  Shanter is themey, their hook is that they have, they roll around these big  brass carts to cut your prime rib from.
  And so they cut it right in front of you.
  And then when they came out with this season salt, that was huge.
  And then the corporation got really big.
  So in like the early seventies, right after like, when did Walt die?  Late 66, 66.
  And he was like midway through planning Epcot, right?  He thought it was going to be its actual city or something.
  That's what it was at the TIA.
  And then they, they bought that Florida property right before he died.
  I think in the sort of same way that he would have been inspired by the  world's fair and stuff, the Lowry's people tried to open up like an  amusement park type vibe, not with, not with rides, but a cultural center.
  That is now the LA river center where I got married.
  It was, it was the Lowry's California center.
  It was their corporate offices for the salt.
  And then also there was, um, it was like, you would buy a day pass and walk  around and there was a Mexican restaurant and a Chinese restaurant and Lowry's  prime rib, and it just went out of business right away.
  They thought it was going to be like the Epcot of food.
  Whoa.
  And it didn't work.
  Oh, I'd love to find photos of that.
  That must've been.
  It's cool.
  I, I, I, I, there, there are some online cause I was looking at it when I was  like planning my wedding and it's like their original promotional postcards and  stuff are like people sit very much like the way that California was sold to the  Midwest is like come out to the Rose bowl and eat an orange and all this shit.
  It was like a part of the like, look at dining, alfresco in LA.
  Anyway, Lowry's has a deal, still has a deal with the LA river center.
  And so that they cater weddings.
  So the food at my reception was Lowry's prime rib.
  The cards that you push.
  Oh, that's happening.
  All that shit.
  They did the grand spinning salad bowl.
  Yeah.
  It had all the shit.
  It was, it was so fun and it was great wedding food, but that way I signed up  for a Lowry's card right before my wedding.
  So you would normally like have to accrue points.
  I entered as a platinum guy cause I spent like thousands of dollars and one night.
  So I was eating free at the Tamo Shantor for like years after that.
  Yeah.
  It was amazing.
  Wow.
  What a good deal.
  What a way to like actually get value out of a wedding, which is for sure.
  Nothing but like a waste of money.
  I also.
  It's a waste of money.
  It's wonderful.
  But you know what I mean?  Yeah.
  My wedding was on the go.
  Yeah.
  It's a sham.
  Love isn't real.
  We get it, Scott.
  Hi, you're so cynical, Scott.
  I did the same thing with like, I had a lot of family staying at the Westin.
  So I started up, signed up for like Starwood points or what?  I was never a points guy and I got a bunch of free hotels off that too.
  So you, a wedding could be a money-making venture.
  I encourage everyone to have an up-tual.
  The care is just turning in Mike's head cause he's great at gaming these kind of systems.
  I know one of the parts of being a Lowry's member, I think for your birthday and for  your anniversary, I think now.
  Your anniversary of joining.
  Yeah.
  Not your shit marriage anniversary.
  Fraud money scheme.
  Yeah.
  I think it's changed where now when you go, if that's is on your card, they'll just give  you a bottle that says Tamoshant or a seasoning salt for a while.
  They would mail you a personalized seasoned pepper or seasoned salt.
  And so I have a bunch just on my desk.
  It's hard to get through them all.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I used one or two of them, but.
  It's sort of like hilariously not like you picture like it's inscribed in gold, but  that's just kind of like a piece of paper printed out.
  You see the print marks on it.
  It's got Gardner.
  It's like a name tag for like a hotel seminar.
  Have you got the Christmas ornaments?  No.
  Maybe this is, this might be for the platinum.
  Yeah.
  I get the salt on my birthday and then for Christmas they send you an ornament and one  time it was like a little gold medal with like a ribbon that would go around your neck.
  And it said Lowry's and then the couple of years ago it was a like a silver thing that  was just shaped like a season salt.
  Like a fancy.
  Wow.
  Fake seasoned salt.
  A treasured ornament.
  There's not a higher level than you are.
  Probably.
  I don't know.
  I just.
  CEO.
  I've seen the gold card and I know mine says platinum, but I mean, maybe there's like a  black card that's really thick.
  Yeah.
  That it's just free.
  Yeah.
  Everything's free.
  You can just snap and like a big rare cut of meat shows up.
  You can get Nick 30 seconds.
  You can get carolers to show up.
  Not Christmas time.
  Not at Christmas time.
  I want to do.
  Sing South Side Johnny.
  Go.
  Sing.
  Feed the birds.
  It's in the summer and they come see you.
  Love on the wrong side.
  Have you ever had.
  You know, the biggest cut of primer about the Tamar Shantor is the Prince Charlie cut  and it's like a big fat steak.
  And then, but over at the Beverly Hills Lowry's they have the diamond Jim Brady cut that  I've been afraid to order.
  Diamond Jim Brady is a famous eater from New York.
  A hundred years ago, referenced on the Simpsons.
  I think it's like sometimes they call Mayor Quimby like diamond joke.
  Yes, yes.
  I looked him up when on the on the sloppy boys podcast, we're talking about some  cocktail that diamond Jim Brady ate, but he was just a guy that would like, he was  just, you know, probably like a steel baron or something, but he would go out to dinner  in Times Square every night before seeing a Broadway show and would just eat so much  food that he got famous.
  And so the Lowry's like named their double cut.
  It's two Tamar Shantor cuts.
  So I think you, I think you get two bones.
  Wow.
  That's how fucking thick.
  My goodness.
  That's wild.
  Wow.
  What's your favorite?  Did you say your favorite steak?  Oh yeah.
  What's your food option when you, when you do.
  I find it hard to not, I always get primary, but I always just get the Tamar Shantor cut  and I get spinach once in a while.
  If they have a ribeye special where they're actually grilling a steak.
  I like it like a char grilled steak.
  So I do that as a special.
  I love the devil's on horseback.
  They don't always have them, but there's an appetizer that's like dates wrapped in bacon.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh cool.
  They're really good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If, you know, if I could go back, you, you, something you asked a little while ago is  what did Walt eat?  I found one article that seemed to assert that he ate one of the stranger, more specific  Scottish things on the menu, which is the toad in the hole.
  Yes.
  And the toad in the hole is it's a, all right, let me read their description.
  A Scottish mix of filet mignon, mushrooms, onions, and Guinness gravy, all served in  a Yorkshire pudding.
  So that's like a little, it is like a pastry.
  It's a, it's a meat pie.
  It's very medieval.
  It is.
  I've had it and it's great.
  And I would recommend to anyone that's like intimidated by just like having a giant piece  of a cow on your plate.
  It's, it's a nicer meal because it's just like little pieces of, of filet, but yeah,  it's like the, like a pastry that you're cutting into, but it has gravy in it.
  It's pretty good.
  I couldn't tell if it would like wipe me out if that was going to be like the heaviest  thing ever, but it's small.
  It's still heavy, but it's not as heavy as you're, you're at least getting less like  protein.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  There's vegetables and usually a sides out with it too.
  They serve a toad in the hole at Universal.
  The Wizarding World.
  Yeah.
  One of the Wizarding Worlds, but it's a Yorkshire pudding with sausage, I think is  how I've seen it done before.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And they make it more steak oriented here.
  Probably.
  I was wondering, uh, cause I had heard that they had like a secret menu and somebody  said that there was a, there's an off menu burger there.
  That's like this open face and it has the Scotch rare bit.
  And it's like an old timey burger that they would have been serving when Walt was  around.
  And, um, I did the thing where I ordered it and they were like, what?  Humiliated and they didn't have it.
  Oh, that's why you never want to shutter.
  You can just order the burger and add on Scotch rare bit to it.
  Well, here is what I did.
  I went because I wanted to do something I hadn't done and there was a little  heavier.
  So my meal last night, by the way, took the family, took my son for the first  time.
  That was very exciting.
  Worked for a kid, Mac and cheese out.
  Lickety split.
  That's the most important thing to a parent dining out.
  Uh, so, so that was special to be there, uh, with him, but then, uh, like, okay,  I gotta go a little heavier here.
  So I did a prime rib sandwich with that side of Scotch rare bit, which is like,  if you've ever had that, that's sort of a, it's a beer cheese.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  With a little bit of kick, like a cayenne pepper kick.
  They do that there.
  So pouring that on top of just like simple meat sandwich with that coleslaw  and the pickles on the, this might've been the best thing I've eaten in months  and months, the feeling of dripping that cheese.
  All over like the extra.
  What was the thing you were talking about a while ago?  Oscar, when you Oscar the, that felt like an Oscar.
  Yeah.
  Uh, and crab and, uh, asparagus.
  Yeah.
  So I would fit that little extra cake.
  I read a really good article.
  Um, I'm, uh, I forget what website it was on, but recently just explaining  like the thrill of a steak house is like, and it, cause I love steak houses so  much and I know there's like better food I could have, especially in LA.
  There's like so many good restaurants.
  I feel kind of dumb for going back to Musso and Frank so much, but I,  it, I read an article that encapsulated the thing of like the indulgence,  like the way that everything is served, like, like a la carte and just the idea  of like when you're eating a steak and you have a martini and you have it like  au gratin potatoes or cream spinach, it's like, you're not supposed to eat this  stuff, you know, you're not supposed to eat this beef in this amount.
  Like doctors are like, yeah, have a steak, the size of a deck of cards.
  You can absolutely have a steak, but it's like when you, like if you're martini,  you're just like, that's like gin, you know, it's like straight to the dome  and steak and stuff and that there's like, you know, that you're like the  self destructive nature of eating a meal like that does make you feel good.
  So it has to be a special occasion.
  And if you go there on a Friday or on a birthday or something, you're like,  yeah, take this body.
  I'm going to dip my roast beef sandwich into the, into the rare bit and eat it.
  And that is like, yeah, it's like not meant to be part of your, uh, of your  normal diet, but it makes you feel like you're like cutting loose and indulging  in a weird way and how much physical space.
  And if you're a table, if you're at a little table like Walt's table and like,  it's all overtaken by here's lots of little side dishes, giant cuts of meat.
  Like it is so, uh, yeah, I don't know.
  And the next level, uh, uh, kingly and Walt would have it every night.
  Yeah.
  Chilly all day.
  Yeah.
  Steaks all night.
  Yeah.
  Uh, I do like the burger.
  I usually get the burger when I, I go there.
  If I'm eating at the bar, um, uh, uh, uh, they have a chicken sandwich now too.
  They have like a fried chicken sandwich with like coleslaw on top.
  And I think they added a bunch of stuff.
  It's very solid.
  It's very solid.
  That's what I had.
  The listeners know this, but you haven't heard this.
  I don't think so that I, uh, very early pandemic.
  I were super craving like the places that we miss going like this.
  Uh, so we did take out with a takeout cocktail, a maple old fashioned from  Tamoshanter I did that crispy chicken sandwich, just driving over there, felt  nice and seeing that exterior in that all in the, in the thick of it, uh, the  little shot of that story book, uh, village, uh, but then also sad that it's  boarded up and no, don't come anywhere close, but it was very nice, like  comfort food to have felt great and like chilling out a little bit because before  the big crazy month I had ahead of me, cause I was going to have a baby  probably in a month and instead of Aaron's water broke right then and there.
  And I had half of that old fashioned and thank God I was drinking slow  because then I had to go do the most difficult thing ever and drive her, you  know, so it'd be responsible for my family.
  Uh, so, but now I'm like, oh, now we, we kept that bottle.
  Yes.
  And my parents got engaged at the Beverly Hills Lowry.
  Really?  So it's so hard of the family.
  Yes.
  It's why I'm around.
  It's why my, not why my son's around.
  I'm sure you had a couple of old fashions that night.
  The fact that I made it, the fact that I didn't get too drunk off the old  fashion and crashed the car is why he's around.
  Um, I forget that you're from LA, right?  The Valley.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Where, uh, Woodland Hills.
  I love it.
  Um, was Lowry's like a part, and if, if your parents got engaged there, like,  was that a, is that, was that a part of your childhood or is that a thing?  No, actually no.
  And nor was Tamar's change.
  I feel like a real latecomer.
  I guess it's kind of far from Woodland Hills, but I, um, did you ever go to  Chasen's was that around when you were, cause that's another name, but I, I,  it's like a place that a lot of like another old school, old school.
  It's gone now and I never got to go.
  But, um, I just wonder with Lowry's, they have a funny hook that you go there.
  And while you're waiting for this delicious prime rib, they have free  meatballs in the lobby and terrible.
  They're like Costco, Costco meatballs and, and potato chips that are pretty good.
  They're like natural cut potato chips, but all these people are about to have  like an amazing dinner or just like these toothpick meatballs in the lobby.
  And so it's like, you know, a neighborhood bar that just has a crock pot  with something to go in it.
  Yeah.
  If it were a dive bar, you would appreciate it, but you're like, why  would I waste any stomach space?  I need as much as I can possibly get.
  Yeah.
  Um, uh, I have another Walt story.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Um, uh, this was on, uh, the same KCET article.
  And then there was Biff's one of the early coffee shop chains, along with  the still extant Denny's that sprung up across California after the World War  two boom, according to his daughter, Walt believed that cooks at Biff's, which  featured the then novel exit exhibition cooking in which the chef and grill were  fully visible to the diners quote, did potatoes, right?  Uh, and then there's an anecdote that Thelma, the, um, uh, uh, Disney's  maid went to the coffee shop to see how they cooked potatoes so she could then  prepare fried potatoes, home fried potatoes in the same fashion.
  Go learn.
  She had to have potato tutelage.
  It's on.
  It is unclear whether they told her to, or whether she had that idea herself.
  I think it was like, watch, learn, but come to potatoes.
  What my animators are to human motion.
  Um, let's talk drinks a little bit as you, you're a cocktail person.
  You, we talked about at table 31, but what's your, what's the go to, what  do you drink when you go there?  Um, I will get totally sloshed on martinis.
  It's kind of a, I think if I'm having like a lot of a, like an old school  beefy meal, I'll do martinis.
  I usually always just get a martini.
  I asked if they have blue cheese olives.
  They don't a Tamo Shantar, which is sad.
  Um, tragic.
  Pick yourself up from that.
  My go to stay guys drink would be like, uh, a martini with, with gin and I'm  not picky about gin, so I'll just have like well gin cause it's usually like  Gordon's and I like that, but Tamo Shantar sometimes I'm like, it's kind of fancy.
  I'll have a Hendrix martini, a couple of extra bucks for a good gin.
  And then drink them till I'm cross-eyed.
  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  That's what you were saying.
  This was like a hunt for you for a little bit.
  I think if I was walkable to Tamo Shantar, I'd be in trouble.
  I think I'd be there drinking a lot.
  I think I would be, uh, 15 pounds heavier.
  Like I kind of want this world a little bit, but it's probably better that I'm.
  The bartenders are chatty and fun.
  There's one guy who has a thick Scottish accent that I swear is fake.
  And it's, it's easy to like, I, if I sit at the bar, like having a Guinness and  you kind of like, Hey, I'm a kind of a pub guy who tells you a story.
  You get stories and jokes that everybody's like, uh, everybody's fun.
  Oh, there's a lot of shtick.
  Like if you, yeah, if I order a martini there, they'll say like, like when they're  asking like dry or dirty or whatever they've got, it's like Hemingway or  Churchill or whatever, like they've got a little isms there that I like.
  Mm.
  They usually they'll do the like, um, beer, uh, combos.
  They'll do like a snake bite, which is usually like harp or some sort of other  lager and cider is a snake bite.
  And then I don't know what, whatever they used to call black and tans,  which is Stout and lager.
  Okay.
  I feel like having a Guinness said the tam is really great.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I guess just location wise.
  That again is the trouble.
  Like truly if we were there all the time, it's not even just that you're drinking.
  Is that you're drinking the thickest?  The thickest beer.
  Yeah.
  I mean, there's thicker it's those people probably there like Guinness  this bullshit corporate now.
  Like it's not sick, but yeah, it is for people that don't drink that much beer.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We did go the one year for St.
  Patty's day.
  Oh my God.
  It was like two o'clock in the afternoon and it was already pretty sloppy.
  That was like the Jersey shore.
  That was that was a Jersey show.
  That was madness.
  A massive tent outside parking lot.
  It was like drink ticket buying tickets.
  And then we, I think we had a few drinks and then eat it.
  Meme's.
  I remember that day I had a few drinks and I was, I think it was you and Geo were  there and I was like, help me set up my Tinder profile.
  Like,  by the way, this is not,  I just spoke with Anthony Geo about your Tinder profile a few days ago.
  How much say did you have was do it?  Was there a lot of punch up going on?  I don't know.
  Well, I was just like, is this picture nice?  Do I look nice in that?  I don't know.
  Just remind, because I'm in my memory, there was a night when we were setting up  your Tinder profile and it was the day I got the switch with the first with the  Zelda switch game, which is maybe the funniest, the funniest thing I've ever  seen is that we were doing your Tinder profile.
  Then we started playing switch and you were like, let me try.
  You took the game.
  You immediately stripped all of links, clothes off his body and set his horse on  fire and sent the horse running.
  We didn't know any of that was possible.
  No, any of that was possible.
  I have to correct you.
  I think this was a different day.
  It was probably two days.
  We drove.
  I rode with you.
  You said, I need to go to Culver city to pick up my switch.
  And you went to a Best Buy.
  That's a different day.
  And they said it's at the other Best Buy in Culver city.
  So then we had to find a second unknown Best Buy.
  Yes, that was confusing.
  Yeah.
  You're right.
  Those are two different days, but it was just discussing your Tinder  profile in regards to this day.
  I yeah, 2017 didn't have a ton going on.
  Drinking in the day, drinking the day at Tambo Shantar, driving to multiple Best  Buys.
  I have a picture of you guys.
  Cause I think an early place we all hung out was at the bar.
  And I have a picture of you guys at the Tam Bar.
  And is it like a posed like, Hey, we're no, I just, I don't know why I took a  photo of you guys like, like going over the receipt, like figuring out the bill.
  It's a very, like, it's a dark photo.
  It's not a good photo, but it's the two of you.
  Maybe it's maybe having fun at a bar.
  I think we were both, we're trying to get points.
  Well, that's the issue.
  Yeah.
  We were both arguing over who would get the bill.
  And then when I was taking a picture of sorting out the, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  This is pre podcast or right?  It's pre podcast.
  And then I really specifically remember we talked about this when you were gone,  Mike, that when we did an episode without you, that Jason left early and then you,  we stood by the door and you were talking for a while about, I'm telling you,  we got to figure out a project with this guy, Jason.
  Jason is incredibly did this and he did that and he did this and that.
  And you told Jason's story after Jason's story.
  Kind of was like the Pixar lunch where the kind of the podcast grew out of that  experience.
  That's like a wall.
  I'm kind of like Walt.
  Walt.
  Yeah, sure.
  Dreaming up characters like Jason.
  Jason's my Mickey.
  Jason, the lucky man.
  He's more of the stinker version of Mickey's.
  Yeah, I'd say so.
  Well, I don't know the anxious too, though.
  Yeah.
  Rest in anxious.
  And current Mickey.
  Weird that people work in the animation industry might project some neurotic qualities onto a character.
  Sure.
  It's surprising.
  And with that, with dreaming up these little ideas, that's another thing.
  If you sit at the table 31, you can see if you look closely, you can see little etchings.
  Like people drew dinosaurs on the table.
  Was that them dreaming up the world's fair dinosaurs or were these dinosaurs drawn six years ago by somebody we know?  By Mookie or something.
  Yeah.
  I don't know that.
  But did you say Mookie?  Yeah.
  I went to the Tamar Shedder for Mookie's dad's 70th birthday.
  Wow.
  That must have been why that was in my head.
  Yeah, you didn't say.
  Yeah, you were saying it's a good.
  He loves it.
  But it was a perfect talk about perfect parent dinner.
  They hadn't been there before.
  He was in town to see Steely Dan at the Bowl for his 70th birthday.
  Yeah.
  What a tam and then Steely Dan.
  Tam and the Bowl.
  Talk about the LA night.
  What was I?  What was I there?  For a boomer dad.
  What a night.
  Or for a non-boomer.
  Yeah.
  Or a millennial bad boy friend.
  That's a nice thing about the Tamar Shedder.
  Lots of very, very solid flavorful food items.
  But if you are bringing a parent who doesn't have an exciting,  like a advanced palette or anything,  plenty of very plain unseasoned items at your disposal as well.
  Dad is going to be fine as he eats a tam.
  This was seasoned with butter and salt and nothing else.
  I feel that.
  But the mac and cheese is sort of like these days,  there's a lot of hip mac and cheese that are got the Gruyere going on.
  Not that mac and cheese.
  No.
  No.
  So, so basic.
  He loved it.
  It was very special to be there with him.
  And a lot of pebbles for him to play with.
  So that's important.
  Well, that's good.
  Pebbles.
  They have the best pebbles around there.
  Truly the finest pebbles in town.
  They're not fruity pebbles, but they're pretty good.
  Close.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Inedible pebbles, yes.
  I was just going to say, this place, there's  a lot of places when you get to LA, you get very excited  because they've been around for a while.
  There's a place called the Smokehouse, not too far from here,  that I feel like is great.
  But Tam, I feel like, is one of the better places that has held up  over the years as far as food wise.
  You can go pretty wrong with food at Smokehouse.
  You can get that incorrect, for sure.
  I love Smokehouse and I love so many restaurants like that where  you have to be on board for the kitch.
  So I know me and Jesse are going to like it,  but I'd be afraid to bring friends that don't want to laugh at their food.
  Tam O'Shanter is historic and the food is still high quality food.
  It's still around for a reason.
  It's not like it's just waiting to close down.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's not like we're keeping up the tradition  because we feel like we have to.
  We feel bad.
  People want it.
  We love it.
  That family owned thing, I think it is the oldest restaurant in LA  is Musso and Frank's, but they've changed ownership.
  So Tam might be the second or no El Cholo, the Mexican place is old,  but it's moved locations.
  OK, this is the spot.
  I think that Tam O'Shanter is the 100 years of still that original family  is still involved in ownership and it's the only place like that.
  They survived Prohibition.
  They had to get that long.
  It's been around.
  There's photos on the wall of like celebrating that Prohibition is over.
  Right.
  They survived.
  I did take out once, too, during quarantine.
  The funny story.
  Well, I learned some other facts about the Tam O'Shanter  because Jane used to briefly work there as a waiter.
  And will this ruin it?  Are we going to find out what's really in everything?  There is, I think, unofficially a John Wayne table as well.
  I've heard this.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
  Table 15 in the tartan room.
  Yes.
  They only let people with the best opinions have tables at Tam.
  The other thing she was like, you know, that on the top floor,  there's men's and women's locker rooms so they can get changed  into those goofy tartan clothes.
  Wow.
  Oh, and this is a big thing we've missed in terms of the Disney connection  is it is it's all tartans and plaid, Scottish inspired uniforms.
  And that is the uniforms still of the tour guides at Disneyland.
  So it might have pretty directly come from that.
  He wanted Walt wanted to humiliate people and put fuzzy fuzzy puffs  on their hats.
 He loved.
  They should just do they should have a primary restaurant there.
  Wouldn't it fit well with like Blue Bayou and stuff?  If there was also just like a Scottish primary,  there should be more good restaurants at the park.
  If you could, they made the Fantasyland restaurant  a little better than it was as this guest on restaurant.
  But I was I was sitting there last night thinking like,  boy, what we accept as theme park food and say, actually, that was pretty good  as opposed to the quality here where you're in a storybook environment.
  It is themed.
  And the food's excellent and the drinks are excellent.
  Like, boy, if only you could plop Tamoshanter or something of its quality  right into Fantasyland.
  You guys have favorite Disneyland foods that I'm missing.
  I always eat a turkey leg and I think it's bad, but I always look around.
  It's just been all day looking for it.
  And then I eat it and I'm like, yeah, I forget every time.
  I always recommend the Plaza Inn.
  I think it's a Plaza Inn now at the end of Main Street.
  There's like a cafeteria style restaurant that does really good fried chicken.
  And you can kind of smell it outside.
  OK, that that did at one point in time was like a local  kind of steakhouse family restaurant, not too dissimilar.
  But I think that changed within the first six or seven years of Disneyland.
  Oh, like somebody else owned it.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 What else is the Star Wars hot dog?  The Ronto wrap like the Ronto is really good.
  Oh, is it is a wrap all the way around the hot dog?  Pretty close.
 There's a slaw.
  Well, does it have something Star Warsy about it?  Yeah.
 Well, it's just got a sauce that's a little spicy.
  It's on a pita.
 It's on a pita.
  Something in like Cars Land that was in a cone.
  Oh, yeah.
 Chili.
  Many options in a cone.
  Chili.
 There's a whole mac and cheese in the cones.
  Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  All right.
  Trader Sam's food stepping it up to like they have riskier.
  They have poke and you've got it.
  I'm in there.
 Right.
  And I had I never have.
  Oh, way.
 This is crazy.
  I'm a Tiki head.
 I love it.
  But I'm not.
  And that's the thing you say.
  I think it is a pretty legit Tiki bar.
  We talked about a while back.
  And yeah, it's not just a theme park impression of one.
  Like it feels lived in a drink.
  They're solid.
 That's what you're like.
  They have some or it's not that it's and it's not like water.
  I feel like I had a Tiki esque drink at the Grand California in one time,  but I had like a light up ice cube in it and it was like the drink was just very  sweet and not too boozy.
  Yeah.
 What is your theme park drinking luck bin?  Are you judging it harder if you had stuff for you struck out?  I mean, I I feel like I've gotten.
  Shit has drunk at the the Carl Strauss beer cart in California Adventure.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy.
  I remember I like walking around.
  I feel like this Disneyland doesn't have too much booze or.
  They've only barely started to in Star Wars and the Blue Bayou now, but that's it.
  I feel like, yeah, I haven't been there in a long time.
  And when I was there, I couldn't find any booze.
  So then I went to like the little wine tasting place in California Adventure.
  And that was a little bit fun.
  But then just pounded beers at that little cart.
  They sell Walt's scotch mist at the Carthy Circle restaurant.
  This I have to do.
  I've piqued my head in Carthy Circle, but didn't have time to like settle in  for a cocktail night.
  Yeah, you can do because you can just do the bar.
  What's that's our favorite.
  Well, we like the restaurant, too, but the bar and then we like the  Manhattans as well.
  Yeah, we'll build those for you.
  Maybe too much.
 Yeah.
  Give those a shot.
 That might be our favorite.
  Yeah, out there.
  I think the scotch mist at the Carthy Circle.
  I think they have like I think it just says scotch now.
  I don't know how easy it is to get black and white scotch.
  It's a brand of scotch.
  Did they take Walt's name off of it?  It just tastes like Johnny Walker black.
  Is Walt's name still on it?  I don't know.
  Because for a while we were like, really, they're admitting that Walt drank.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I forget if maybe they still there.
  I just say scotch mist and it may be in the, you know, like a way.
  There's like a car.
  There's like a character winking at you, like, you know, who's  you know, a certain guy.
  It does.
 If you go there, look at some of the pictures on the walls  and see Walt just doing like his hand, like the two fingers.
  And at first I thought that was the two finger point.
  And then people online were like, no, those are pictures  where he was holding a cigarette and they Photoshopped the cigarette out  and then printed the picture to hang up.
  Damn.
 Yeah.
 Unbelievable.
  That means I just complain about them getting rid of a Krusty  the clown toy that had a cigarette.
  It drives me nuts.
  I love that the idea of a toy having a cigarette is so funny.
  Mr.
 Teeny had the cigarette, too, and I was going to buy this toy.
  And I was so excited.
  And then they're like, oh, by the way, everyone, there's an update on the toy.
  And then the cigarettes were gone.
  That's the whole point.
 Yeah.
  Tisk, tisk, tisk, tisk.
  That's what's the story episode about cigarettes sometimes.
  All right.
 Yeah.
  Bluffing on it.
  Uh, we've been going for a while.
  We should wind it down.
  But like, you know, one thing we haven't brought up yet, the ghosts.
  I don't know about the ghost.
  Oh, this place is like haunted or like rumored to be haunted.
  There's a few nervous.
  Oh, we were having a nice time.
  There's a few on counts online.
  I found an old blog from a group called the Ghost Hunters of Urban Los Angeles.
  The one is that there's a little boy who has, you know, achieved the nickname  Charlie because he looks just like the painting of the Bonnie Prince  Charlie that hangs in the one dining room.
  OK.
 Another thing I do to me, is he going to grab my butter knife  and try to scratch me up?  I don't know.
 It doesn't say what Charlie does.
  I don't.
 I think it's just like they list their power.
  Ghost hunters list those powers so I know how to fight.
  Can he walk through the walls?  I guess he has to be able to do that.
  A waiter told us confidentially that many elderly patrons have died in the restaurant.
  Well, wait a minute.
  Many, many.
  I mean, if you're older and you're housing a bone in prime rib, like I would say.
  We get an old person that kicks once a week in this place.
  Walt played polo with people in there.
  Can I take the tartan room, bring a couple of horses in?  A busboy claims to have seen a man in a mask  walking in the upstairs hall outside the restaurant's office.
  The prevailing theory is that he might have been a burglar  and perhaps is connected to the fire that may have claimed other lives.
  I think maybe whatever was here before.
  I mean, I'd say, yeah, if I see a guy in a mask, maybe I mean, now it's just anybody.
  But at that time, probably I'd say burglar before I'd say ghost.
  Yeah, I was a ghost of a man.
  It was a ghost of a burglar, a ghost of a girl.
  Well, that's scary.
  So he had like a ski mask or something.
  He wasn't always a burglar.
  He lived his whole life.
  And then sometimes he burned.
  No, no, no.
 If you burgle, you get stuck in the limbo.
  Damn.
 Where is Scarlet Mask forever?  John Wayne shot him when he saw he was robbing the place.
  And then I read a really long  reddit post where someone's like, I worked at the TAMO, Shanter.
  And a couple of times I've like felt like I was getting very dizzy.
  And then one time the worker felt that these are a little weak.
  I'm going to be honest.
  Yeah.
 A lot of these stories are those sound like, well,  was the person hammered and they just saw the picture blur?  So I was hanging out with him and I felt kind of woozy.
  I felt a warm feeling.
  Must be a ghost.
 Give me a hug from behind.
  A bunch of people from the past were floating around singing Christmas carols.
  Only one explanation.
  So I don't know, take what you will.
  A hundred year old place in Los Angeles.
  I'm willing to give it the better doubt that may be a little spooky.
  There's some ghosts.
 I don't doubt there's ghosts.
  I just don't know these stories specifically.
  Yeah.
 The whole like Los Feliz was owned by and like Griffith Park  was owned by Griffith J.
  Griffith.
 And then like after shooting his wife in the face  and having some bad PR when he was trying to like re make people like him again.
  You know that? Well, he was at like the Casa del Mar in Santa Monica, I think.
  And he shot his wife in the face.
  She jumped out the window, bounced on the awning and lived and divorced him.
  Jesus.
 And like and like got a divorce in the days where that was like, wow.
  Things would have been stacked against the lady, but she had a facial gunshot.
  She didn't get him put in jail.
  Yeah.
 No, she was like, got him.
 He got a slap on the wrist.
  He was insanely wealthy, I believe,  is part of part of the reason he got a slap on the wrist.
  But yeah, I mean, I have to thank her lawyers like, well, OK, that's exhibit A.
  We don't need any other exhibits.
  I mean, you know, but during I guess like apology tour of like  doing things for the city, I think because he just gave Griffith Park  to the city and it's like it's like the largest park in a city.
  It's bigger than Central Park.
  It's like the biggest park that is like in within a city,  like as opposed to like a, you know, national park that you go to.
  But it's like in a city.
  And he just gave it and he gave a lot of stuff.
  And he later said, like, I that land was haunted.
  I didn't I didn't like that.
  I was like trying to get rid of it.
  So all of like Los Feliz like and going down to like Tamashita,  that is like the part of town that I've heard that he was like,  I didn't want that land.
  Geez.
 Wow.
 I've tried to pawn it on to us, onto the general population forever.
  There's a mayor like I think it's a Mark Maron episode with Paul Thomas  Anderson where they're talking about Los Feliz being haunted.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So there is.
  He was like, I would never live there.
  I love L.
A.
, but I would never live in Los Feliz.
  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, the Hollywood sign, the most like, yeah.
  Right.
 Is that who the Jaws house, this the Soudan house on Franklin,  I think they were recently like sniffing.
  They had like FBI dogs sniffing for black Dahlia's bones, like in the last.
  Thank God.
  I mean, the other old restaurants in L.
A.
  like El Coyote heading west in the city,  famously the last meal of Sharon Tate before the gruesome Manson murder.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's weird, weird stuff.
  And the last meal on the others at Casa Vega, the last meal  those two guys had before they had to kill all those people.
  The two real guys.
  I love that place.
 Casa Vega.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's Casa Vega where I saw Brent Spiner right before the pandemic.
  I can't remember.
 Is that a way to is that the one of Ventura?  It's an adventure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So I saw Brent Spiner there  the weeks before Covid and I was thrilled he's leaving.
  And I was like, he looks great.
  It's going to be it's going to be a great year.
  And it's only going up here.
  Any other details about this place?  You want you want to get out?  It's it's it's it's so nice to I got I got what I'm dying to say.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Name Tamo Shantar is both a poem by Robert Burns, but we don't care about that.
  It's also the name of the traditional Scottish cap from the 19th century,  the very same one that Mary Tyler Moore throws up in the opening of her show.
  Oh, my God.
  Oh, that's a Tamo Shantar.
  Mary Tyler Moore was wearing a Tamo Shantar.
 Wow.
  And threw it triumphantly in the start of her show.
 Wow.
  Does it is like Shantar, a Scottish version,  and like Tam is like the hat of Shantar or something like that.
  I don't know the direct translation.
  Shantar is the guy here.
  Let me let me really quickly let me Cliff notes this.
  I if you can imagine, I couldn't read a long poem that is in dense Scottish  where every other word I've never seen before in my life.
  But I was trying to figure it out.
  And Tamo Shantar is the main character of it.
  He is a guy who gets drunk at a bar a lot while his wife sits at home mad.
  So he leaves a bar drunk and he's he's he's heading home  and then he sees a church and some witches are having a party with the devil  in the church and he is checking it out and he sees that one of the witches  is taking off their clothes and he's trying to sneak a peek at a naked witch.
  And then he gets caught doing so.
  So they start chasing him and he gets on his horse and runs away.
  And but luckily, remember, witches and the devil can't cross over water  like hoverboards and Becks the Future 2.
  Right.
 So the chase didn't where he made it over the river barely.
  But just barely because a witch pulled his horse's tail off.
  And that's the story.
  Much like Jason in playing Zelda.
  Do it to a horse, a scurrying horse.
  Same thing.
 Basically, there'll be an epic poem about that one day.
  So just picture all that when you're there next.
  It's Mary Tyler Moore and it's a drunken man being chased by the devil.
  There was a witch involved that was he wanted to see the naked witch.
  Is that right? Yeah.
  Witch took off most of her clothes and he's like, oh, not so bad.
  And then they saw him and chased him.
  There was a guy, the guy who the architect who made this place.
  What is his name? You have his name, Harry Oliver.
  Oh, yeah.
 He was an art director for movies.
  Yes, he did a bunch of movies.
  But there's a place in Beverly Hills that's still there.
  It's called the Witch House.
  Witch House.
 Yeah.
  Carly Wiseau was tweeting about that today.
  Yes, I guess.
  I was looking this up and I went, is that what she just tweeted?  Yeah, it is.
  But there was a thing called the Witch House, which looks just like Tam.
  That's still there.
  That's both of the Tam O'Shander when it was built, the early photos of it.
  It looks so like it got crazy and melty.
  Oh, yeah, because it was originally called Montgomery's Country Inn, I think.
  And then for a few years, they changed the name to the Great Scott.
  And then in 1982, they changed it back to the Tam O'Shander.
  Wow.
 It's on Walden in Beverly Hills.
  Huh? Because there's a house kind of like that up in like underneath the observatory.
  I love it.
 Like, L.
A.
 did just seem like a place where people were just like,  I'm just going to build a weird goof house, you know, like there wasn't like local architecture.
  I guess it would have been like Spanish architecture.
  But like a lot of people were just showing up here and being like,  I'll do a Tudor mansion and then I'm going to do a castle and we'll just do whatever the fuck.
  There's like I was just driving up in the hills of Burbank and there's like somebody has like  a like a main like blue house that looks like it's on the coast.
  It's like totally stands out from everything else.
  Yeah, I love that.
 It's crazy.
  They just think I want L.
A.
 is it's a melting pot and a bunch of shit thrown together.
  In the land where dreams are made, huh?  That's right.
  I texted Mike right before we started recording, because the other day I was driving all the way up  this one road in Burbank on Hollywood Way.
  And I'd never noticed this before.
  But there is a little squat little bar building that is practically on the highway.
  And it is called the ramp.
  And I started reading about it and it has been there for 30 plus years.
  It's at different owners and it appears they serve tropical drinks, steaks, Italian food  and also like all kinds of bar food.
  Like it is fascinating.
  It looks like a nice restaurant, a quote unquote nice restaurant from like 30 years ago.
  And it just seems frozen in time.
  And now I'm so curious about the freeway on ramp bar and restaurant.
  And today I texted you the information that if you go to Gideon's Bake Shop in Orlando,  that they'll give you a little tub of frosting.
  Yeah, 25 bucks.
  That's the type of correspondence we have to this day.
  It's important magic all around us clearly.
  Well, hey, so fun talking about this.
  But you know what?  It's just one one little plus up I have about the Tamishantar.
  They got those dressing rooms up there, the locker rooms.
  What I want is a little room where I can fall asleep.
  I want to finish that meal.
  I would rent that for any amount of money on some night.
  Just let me walk up there and put on like a Scrooge sleeping cap and just cozy into it.
  Yeah.
  And they should tuck you in like the Knott's Hotel.
  I want the carolers.
  Sing me a lullaby.
  Yeah.
  How nice is that sound?  Or the ghosts will tuck you in with the ski mask.
  I might allow it there after I'm fuzzy enough.
  I'll lay where everything's cool.
  Ghosty like John Wayne and Walt Ghost, like force ghosts in the  in like the doorway looking at you like, oh, look at this.
  There is some very comfy high back chairs next to the one fireplace, which I  I had Thanksgiving here one year and the steakhouse, the net or the smokehouse.
  The next the other old L.
A.
  restaurant, kind of both places, the driest Thanksgiving.
  But the ambience could not be beat.
  Not not wet.
  You know, wet that meat.
  Well, it's easy to dry out white meat.
  Yeah, I've had the Christmas goose at the Tamar Chandra because I was like,  oh, Christmas goose.
  That's it.
  And it was pretty bad.
  But I was like, oh, whatever.
  I mean, I guess no one has a lot of practice cooking Christmas goose.
  Yeah, not Jason.
  Well, I feel like I ate a big Christmas goose just talking about this play.
  How cozy is it?  And look, I know it's all local and you might be listening to this episode.
  Like I've never been to this restaurant.
  This doesn't make sense to me.
  If you're doing the L.
A.
  theme park trip, if you're coming out for Disneyland or Universal,  I truly recommend.
  Yeah, because it's a little slice of theme park that is very legit  and a super satisfying, cozy, fun experience.
  So that's a great if you're far from L.
A.
  in your hometown, go to the old kind of prime ribby old school, dusty old place.
  It's it's fun to you can spend a lot of money and feel like, you know,  what, I'm keeping the traditional live.
  I'm contributing to history here.
  Amen.
 Absolutely.
  Thanks for contributing to to our history.
  That's right.
  Typical package, you survive podcast, the ride.
  Thank you so much.
  Such a blast to have you finally.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Oh, check out the sloppy boys podcast or it's a cocktail podcast  with Jefferson Dutton and Mike Hanford, where we drink a different  cocktail every week there.
  And then we're a party rock band with three albums on Spotify.
  Put them it's a it's pool party music, folks.
  Rock out to it at your next barbecue.
  Fantastic.
 No Christmas carols.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You got to do a Christmas.
  Christmas is.
 Oh, yeah.
  I have actually written that we didn't have enough for an album,  but I have a couple of songs.
  Wow.
 Oh, great.
 Great.
 All right.
  That's exciting.
  And as for us know, well, now that we do have an album,  they said the McGruff album, there is that.
  Well, there's multiple.
  There's enough songs we've made to to do an album.
  There's a couple of McGruff.
  There's Brian Cornell.
  There's Boyna Park song.
  There's enough for like a nine track album.
  I feel like they're doing a vinyl release, a compilation.
  People are the final release of my song about the CEO of Target.
  Yeah, right.
  That would be a proud day.
  I would be very happy about that.
  But as for now, the things are that you could find us on the socials  at podcast, the right merch is available on our T public store  for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out podcast, the ride, the second gate or get one more bonus episode  on our new tier club three.
  You'll find all that at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The ride such a blast.
  Let's all go there now.
 Let's go there now.
  I wanted to say I did figure out what that name of the place was,  and it's just as great the place that Saddle Ranch replaced.
  Oh, yeah.
 That actually was two replacements.
  Whomp Hoppers Whomp Hoppers Wagonworks.
  Yes.
 And a guy would walk around and he's the character of Whomp  Hopper like in a fake beer.
 Hello, I'm Whomp Hopper.
  Oh, that's the I'm looking at the pictures and I was like,  I know we talked about this, but can we do an episode again  and just say the same facts?  I don't see why not.
  And if you all right, we'll go and go to your local steakhouse and locals.
  If anyone runs a local steakhouse and you're not proud of your owner,  like they did something bad like Griffith, then make up a character  like Whomp Hopper, a jolly guy and have him walk around in your business.
  So boom.
 Guaranteed.
  Guaranteed.
 Good day.
  This has been a forever dog production executive  produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog  podcasts dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
