 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning.
 The following podcast contains barn buffets,  smokestack admiration,  fun war shows,  and most importantly, bad ideas.
  It's the never built Disney's America theme park on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast that dares to record meaningless artificial  pablum just five miles away from sacred cultural grounds.
  And by that I mean Jay Leno's garage.
  I'm Scott Gardner, I Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  And Mike Carlson, hello.
  I'm here, yes.
  Jay Leno's garage to me is church.
  And would it surprise you to know that just 24 hours ago I was explaining everything I know about Jay Leno to Zach Reno.
  Hmm.
  It's not without a microphone present.
  Not even with our audience having to.
  No audience.
  Big dog garage included.
  The obsession with cars, all the Mavis stuff that's public.
  He didn't know any of it?  None of it.
  No.
  He doesn't know a lot.
  He had a different childhood.
  Zach Reno is a friend of the show, sang the city walk.
  He is now.
  Well, he saved his status by being interested in all this.
  He wasn't interested.
  He turned you away.
  Wasn't interested.
  Uh oh.
  I don't know what to think now.
  But it sounds like he sat patiently and listened to you, which is all we ask of anyone, including our listeners.
  Yeah, he sat patiently because you were in a garage in a stacked parking spot and he had to wait for you to finish so you would back out because you were blocking his car.
  And I'm done.
  Okay.
 See ya.
  So, so yeah, no, I just explained that I said the phrase or I said the sentence, I need to get to Jay Leno's garage within like 24 hours ago I said that.
  So you're right.
  It is a holy experience.
  Well, some of our my funny or die friends, our friend Andrew Grissom, right?  Perez had been there.
  They've been to the we will figure it out.
  We'll find out.
  And we said this on air that that's our desires to get to Jay.
  Oh, well, I said it yesterday.
  24 hours ago I said we need to get to Jay and I don't know if we've put it out there.
  I think we have.
  I feel like I'm not even asking the audience to do anything because I think it's a matter of just finding the right number.
  I think we have to find a phone number to his home.
  Just leave a quick message.
  When we were writing Moonbeam City, my friend Tommy Blacha just got the desire, just didn't even announce what he was doing.
  He just picked up a phone dialed number for Big Dog Productions, which maybe we'd been looking up and he just didn't even say the plan.
  Just there was a phone there.
  Bing, Bing, Bing.
  Nice woman picked up and said, Hey, guys, call for Jay.
  And she absolutely would have put us through if he'd been there.
  Like there was not even a suspicious.
  Who is this?  Right.
  Just like I think it was like, I think he's out driving.
  And we went, oh, sounds like Jay.
  All right.
  I'll come back later.
  We need.
  Yes.
  Show no fear.
  Act like you've been there before.
  Act like you belong there.
  Oh, yeah.
  Always use any hotel lobby or hotel amenities if you're casual about it.
  Absolutely.
  That is a great thing about hotels in general.
  Yeah.
  They can mill around.
  Public private spaces.
  So there's some wiggle room.
  A lot of people coming through as opposed to people calling Big Dog Productions, which is maybe not that often.
  So I think it wasn't that.
  Yeah.
  But Jay, I've seen him on all these podcasts.
  He does every podcast now.
  He doesn't look like he's happy to be there necessarily, but that's fine.
  He doesn't have to be happy to talk to us.
  Has he not?  If he did dough boys, it'd probably just be like, yeah, I really like food.
  They don't really like eating.
  Well, I got to find other stuff to talk about.
  Scott, I hate to correct you on this because I just watched a full Howie Mandel interview with Jay Leno.
  Thanks.
  Where Howie Mandel and his daughter talked to Jay and Jay explains that what he likes to eat is pizza, hot dogs and hamburgers.
  Oh, OK.
  So actually a perfect guess.
  So I don't want the dough boys to scoop us, but I would be happy.
  Yeah, we'd all be happy.
  Yeah, I know.
  We'd be well begrudging.
  It's like, yeah, no, I'm happy for him.
  I'm really happy for him.
  No, they got Jay and look.
  Yeah.
  They're the guys.
  They did it.
  They're the guys.
  You know, like you just turn around and you like kick the wall like silently.
  God damn it.
  Toe boys.
  Oh, you should be better dreams of your life.
  You bottle it all up and be nothing but nightmare.
  Be better.
  And I'm slapping myself if you can hear it.
  Be better as podcasters.
  So so do it to ourselves.
  It's yeah.
  He pizza, hot dog, hamburgers.
  He does not eat vegetables.
  That's what I was.
  Yeah.
  He has a high, but I know he doesn't drink coffee.
  Yeah.
  OK, we have to put a stop to this.
  I knew I was getting myself in the trouble with a Jay Leno reference.
  Yeah, big problem when you bring it up.
  What I was saying was that it's and it's actually true.
  We are the distance from Jay Leno's garage.
  This is going to help people find us.
  But we in what direction?  That I can't say.
  We are the same distance away from where Jay Leno keeps all his cars as a Civil War battlefield  was to today's topic, which is Disney's America.
  We are celebrating a very happy Fourth of July weekend.
  Oh, yeah.
  I absolutely know.
  I think we're all.
  Everything's going great.
  We're feeling great.
  We're optimistic.
  This episode was recorded in April.
  It's fitting.
  We're talking about a canceled Disney project right as, you know,  Disney's America, right as America.
  America is wrapping it up, coming to a coming to a stop.
  Yep.
  Yeah, they got through their their process happened a little a little faster.
  This was a project that was announced, planned, quietly announced and then taken back very quickly.
  And I feel like this is a big one.
  This is like a big part of lore that we talked about.
  I feel like it hasn't even come up in little ways on the show so much here and there, but nothing, nothing major.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Haven't tackled the whole thing and probably also one of the biggest unbuilt projects you'd have to think.
  Yeah.
  A completely separate part in a place that does not have a Disney presence.
  Exactly.
 Yes.
  Yes, as opposed to Westcott.
  Right.
  Or like some idea of a Disney World Park that wasn't done.
  Yeah, this was their idea to enter into a whole market that they clearly have not entered into that being near Washington, D.
C.
 in Virginia.
  And if you live around there, have been there, you've noticed there is no Disney Park there.
  It really is.
  It really is.
  If this would have been built and had been a success, would they have just started building parks five miles from other historical sites around the world, around America?  There's a lot of places where horrible things have happened.
  That's right.
  And maybe the land is less desired and it is just fields.
  I suppose, like, hmm, I'm trying to think how often I believe the Alamo is just kind of right next to like a TGF Fridays.
  Like I remember being shocked when I went there, like, oh, it's here.
  Like, I thought it was down the middle of a field somewhere, but it's kind of right near bullshit is what I recall.
  But usually, yeah, there's some, you know, they're out in the boonies, these sites of terrible things.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So, yeah, who knows what would have happened if Disney had this had been a success?  But little parks everywhere.
  I my dad mentioned this a while ago and I asked him about it over the weekend because I knew we were recording and he said, yeah, your mother and I were really looking forward to this park.
  And I was like, oh, because it would have been two hours away, two hour away drive.
  And he's like, well, that and we had joined the Vacation Club by this point.
  And, you know, we also, you know, we like to go in, you know, we do the museums and stuff in D.
C.
  But almost more importantly, you could just do it.
  He's like, you can do it.
  If you're going down Virginia, you just do a loop.
  You had a Busch Garden, she had a Kingston Minion, and then you could have this.
  And I'm like, oh, this is where it comes from.
  This is where I got it.
  Yeah.
  So wow.
  Absolutely proximity proximity.
  It could have been a way worse idea.
  And he was still been like, well, that being said, we can hit all the parks.
  I'm sure there was just like a 500 word like, you know, piece in that like, yeah, no, he was in the Philadelphia Enquirer or something.
  But reading the detailed descriptions of the leaked pamphlets, things that we presume, which I have gone into.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, there's there's a lot of odds and ends out there and a lot to parse through, including who we were all checking out the executive summary of rezoning application.
  Am I right, folks?  Which I learned is essentially just the brochure reformatted to be 28, 8, 11 pages with like two paragraphs on each page, because executives are not the brightest.
  Don't like to do a lot of reading.
  Yeah.
  You read the what's the name of it again?  This is the executive summary of rezoning application when I was just searching for Disney's America documents.
  And it's kind of the same concept art that's everywhere else.
  There's just a little more detail about the economic benefits and the environmental impact.
  Gotcha.
  But it is like 20, 20 pages with maybe a few paragraphs on each page.
  Most of it big pictures and the description of like, you know, Ebbets Field recreated.
  Right.
  OK, so a lot of dry copy, which we'll be reading in full to you, the listener.
  This is let me I'm going to I'm going to say a strong phrase that I think is a phrase like I was like, I recall people saying this.
  And if I Google it, are there results about this?  And this is not necessarily an accurate phrase of what this park was, but it certainly went around.
  And that is the idea that Disney was going to build a Civil War theme park.
  Yes, definitely was said it got boiled down to that.
  Like that was the broad strokes if you weren't paying a lot of attention to it.
  Not really accurate, but a little.
  That would have been kind of part of it.
  Certainly not the only part of it.
  Not the whole park, just the nighttime spectacular.
  Just yes, they're they're phantasmic was battleship real battleships was a real battle.
  The Merrimack monitor.
  That is one of the most that is one of the weirdest things.
  There's so much of all the weird things.
  First off, let's let's talk about the elephant in the room.
  This is probably the darkest source material.
  American history, the darkest source material for a Disney attraction.
  It is darker than with Snow White where a girl is poisoned.
  The ride was too scary.
  Oh, have you ever been a Latin American country trying to have a Democratic election?  You don't know fear.
  The thing is, though, for like guys like Eisner and of course, Walt, like American history was like such a fun,  vibrant story that was like less dark than the history of the X-Men or something like.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It was just all.
  Yeah, triumphs.
  And there was some sadness, but hero, mostly old guys out on the front.
  Yeah.
  So so ultimately, you know, these guys were like, yeah, this is the best source material ever.
  This would be amazing.
  They pulled a lot from I mean, Americana in history was always a part of Disney's TV.
  Yes, of course.
  Movies and the parks, because there, of course, was American Adventure and all the presidents by then.
  And I almost feel like if we like it, this idea probably made more sense to us kids  who had been to the parks and stops to appreciate the oh, yes, the well, they tell the tale.
  Yes.
  A burgeoning nation.
  And but if you didn't know that they had done anything in this regard at all, you probably just went, huh?  What are you talking about?  Like, and they're going to get that so wrong, like unbelievably wrong.
  Yeah.
  And they probably would have.
  But then some of the trouble seems to have come from going to overboard and saying, you know, it's going to be warts and all.
  We're going to show all the warts.
  And then you go, why do I want to go on a vacation and see all the warts go on rides about warts?  Yeah, it gets tricky because it's like, you know, there's probably room for the more fantastical version of American history.
  If the most of the population understands most more of it understands more of what actually happened.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I think you hit the nail on the head, Mike, because I was using the phrase Americana in my notes, too, because it's dead on for Americana.
  Like, it's dead on for the high school history book version, the kind of rose color, rose tinted lenses version, you know, of stuff that you often see at museums or battlefields or national parks that that sort of thing.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  The raw superhero version of American history.
  We aren't going to we aren't going to start talking about Howard Zinn, are we?  That the kind of episode we're doing.
  I truthfully only ever got a few chapters in in college.
  I did not finish.
  No, but no, I look, I wouldn't.
  We're not talking about books.
  We're too dumb to read books on this podcast.
  Jason, who reads books, who reads sometimes usually the Lord's it over us.
  Yes.
  There are paperback books or mystery novels, and he's reading them at a pool.
  Finish a great record thriller an hour before I got here.
  But yeah, all that to say that somehow better than describing everything.
  You know about Jay Leno, your listening friend?  I don't know.
 You the listener can be the judge of that.
  Yeah.
  But yes, all that to say you enter in a weird thing where it's like either do the fun version is what like people on vacation want to do.
  But then you run into the problem of like you're really making this look like in a way that people like you're not making this realistic.
  You're not showing anybody.
  So if you do that, then it sucks because there's a horrible tragedy and sadness and monstrosity.
  Astrosity is committed in the history of America.
  So like how do you how do you make that work?  You can't make that work.
  And it especially doesn't work when we really learn the soft version of all this stuff in school.
  So it's like it's impossible.
  It's like an impossible equation to make the complete correct formula.
  I think so.
  And I think they only started to get worse at figuring it out as they went.
  But I think this is the you know, the history of this has gone over a lot and we'll we'll certainly go into it.
  But what I would like to bring to the table and just you know what we can do, I think, especially about Disney's America is really think about would we have liked anything here?  Would anything would any aspect have worked?  Because I think we'll try to piece what we can.
  Yeah.
  From concept art and from what the brochures said.
  And we do have to remember this is imagineers on fire in the mid 90s.
  We're getting checks from Eisner.
  And it seems possible that there'd be a thing or two.
  There's absolutely something we like.
  I'm not I'm not.
  Oh yeah.
  I'm as far as thrills and chills and imagineering.
  When you see some of these pictures, you go, well, this looks like it would have been a fantastic ride.
  Yes.
  Some of them would have been a fantastic ride without the context.
  And then some of them, I think the context was fine.
  I think it's like, oh yeah, that seems like it would have been an Epcot or that would have been somewhere else.
  And sure.
  Yeah.
  If it wasn't look, these like patriotic attractions in previous parks like Epcot got to come out without being scrutinized by a bunch of historians and people mad in newspapers and stuff.
  And as soon as you run anything through that lens, it all seems sort of awful.
  And also, if I could add, like in an alternate dimension where this got built, you know, we'd all have been there.
  We all would have.
  Your dad was already making the plans.
  Well, we live.
  This other version where we've all oddly been to this part of Virginia to Prince Andrew County.
  Is that it?  We've been there a ton.
  And that's like a big part of our life.
  Well, every once in a while, we got to go to Virginia.
  Right.
  Industrial revolution.
  Oh, man.
  I think about in our lifetime, how many moments in our past, the recent past in history, history sense, how annoying this place would have been after the 2000 election in the aftermath of 9 11 in the patriotism of flourished the Iraq War, any presidential election.
  And nowadays it would just be a war zone.
  Oh, my God.
  Just picture the beat red, like used car lot guys just going like, keep all the parks closed.
  But you gotta open to America.
  Like in the middle of the way, come on.
  There would have been a there would have been a break in and an attempted coup for the closed park if it had remained closed during covid.
  Oh, yeah.
  In the same way that might have happened there.
  A shaman who broke into the Disney's America and sat in the industrial revolution car.
  Go make it go.
  Go make it go.
  That's a quick thing.
  I don't want to forget about the the closure.
  His park.
  They were estimating it would have been closed two months of the year.
  And then they bumped that up to four months of the year.
  Well, that's the final blow.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, that it does not feasible ultimately, weather wise.
  And they got it wrong the first time they looked at it.
  Yeah.
  I also just want to say this is not this park is not in Prince Andrew County.
  This is in Prince William County.
  Very unfairly.
  Somebody's got a name to this area of the country after I didn't even think about it.
  Disgraced.
  We are recording this on the day of Ghulain sentencing.
  Yeah, that's what you got on the brain.
  That phrase was bouncing around.
  But let me not disparage this place as being Prince Andrew County.
  Haymarket.
  Haymarket, Virginia, adjacent to the Manassas battlefield, the site of the first and second battles of Bull Run.
  Yeah, the first major battle of the Civil War, seemingly.
  So they ended up there.
  Well, so, OK, why does this happen at all?  We are in we set our scene in a post Euro Disney world.
  Eisner is still enthusiastic about expanding the theme park empire, but wants to figure out how to do it cheaper.
  We cannot keep making increasingly more and more expensive and fancy magic kingdoms.
  We have to find a way and in an effort that eventually turns into I don't know, it's like a club where kids go.
  It eventually gets whittled down to that.
  But at this point in time, is there a way to do kind of a halfway a place?  That's nice.
 But let's be reasonable here.
  Is there like what if the Disney store sold you a grilled cheese sandwich?  What if you could buy paintings near a Disney store?  Yeah.
  What if you could learn about time shares near a Disney store?  The Disney Decade starts up here and then gets to the time shares.
  Time shares? I don't know.
  Also like America, Disney really the the rise and fall of Eisner's empire.
  It's going to be very similar.
 Yeah.
  So he's trying to figure out what are different types of regional experiences that we can do in different types of markets that we can cut into.
  And I think somebody in the operation encourages him to go check out Colonial Williamsburg.
  Have you guys been to Colonial Williamsburg?  Hell yeah, brother.
  No, I have not.
  Oh, multiple times.
 You say I would have been in this as a kid or even now.
  I have been to the Betsy Ross's house multiple times.
  I've been to Ben Franklin's house multiple times.
  I think four times to the Gettysburg battlefield, the Valley Forge battlefield, Plymouth plantation.
  Do you just it's it's just in the air.
  It's just if you grow up in the northeast, it's, you know, a long weekend trip or it's a day trip or it's your field trips.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  So yes, Plymouth Williamsburg was usually lumped in.
  It's very close to Busch Gardens and it's a little farther from King's Dominion.
  But still, you do that with the family that stuff.
  And as a kid, what was your were you into it?  Do you think this is the boring stuff?  I want to go back to Disney.
  I mean, I was a pretty nerdy kid.
  I was pretty bookish kid and I like the historical stuff.
  I did like it, but I knew it wasn't Busch Gardens and I knew it wasn't Disney World.
  And I was like, oh, this isn't I like this, but it's not Disney World.
  And it's not that my Hanna Barbera friends aren't here like they were a few days ago.
  Where's Yogi?  So if you combined Williamsburg into some rides, I mean, yeah, you are the exact target audience.
  Age wise, demeanor why interests wise, you're the target audience for Disney's America.
  So part of Colonial Williamsburg, not just that it's this preserved historical town and it's got the little activities and here's what life was like back then.
  But also you can stay there.
  That was a trip I did as a kid.
  Like you can stay in little cottages and like in a colonial house.
  So Eisner starts thinking, how do we do this exactly near them and undercut them?  You know, the mini premise of California Adventure, which is like, what if we have all the things California has, but we have it?  Right.
  Maybe people don't do the other thing.
  Not realizing you can't replace the ocean or Hollywood in general.
  Yeah.
  So they start looking into that.
  But weather is the first thing they were.
  Ironically, weather is the first thing.
  This isn't going to work.
  And it wasn't near enough to an airport.
  That's a big thing for them.
  So they look at a lot of sites.
  They land at in the Washington, D.
C.
 area.
  And because that's a big hub and is the fifth biggest tourist market at the time right behind Vegas.
  And it was kind of underserved in a theme park fashion.
  So makes sense.
  They go to Haymarket, Virginia, a town that was entirely set on fire by the Union Army in 1862.
  Why it was bugging me why I knew that turn the Haymarket.
  Yeah, right.
  Haymarket fire.
  Haymarket fire.
  Yeah, because it should be noted the Union Army lost both battles of Bull Run.
  Yeah.
  Well, as they say that later.
  But yes, there's a lot of things represented where the right side did not win.
  Yeah.
  Well, and to that.
  OK.
  So the big thing in the area, the Manassas battlefield, the bull run happens here.
  This is the place where Tom, these General Thomas Jackson became Stonewall.
  That name happened because they held firm and it was a place where 868 soldiers died.
  Sure.
 Horrible bloodbath.
  Sure.
 Place.
  But Disney doesn't build there.
  Let's underline that very strongly.
  OK.
  He is not building on top of the battlefield.
  Yeah.
  This will come up many times.
  They instead choose a site that oddly is owned by Exxon.
  Exxon is part of this.
  I don't know why they bought a bunch of land there.
  I don't know why nobody was mad that they bought a bunch of land there and then was mad at Disney instead.
  But so they did.
  They buy up all the land secretly repeating the Disney World's formula.
  The Sure to Succeed Again Now formula of not being transparent about the biggest company in the world buying up land and what it might do to the surrounding areas.
  To get it cheaper.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  In an instance of history doesn't always repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
  Universal's Epic Universe being built on land that was once owned by Lockheed Martin.
  Oh.
  These big companies.
  That's what that was?  Wow.
  It's like all these companies buying houses now.
  I mean, I think just bad evil companies buy things all the time.
  They're just buying land.
  They are owning as much land.
  Trading them between each other.
  Trading them between each other.
  Yes.
  And we only like it if they build fun rides there.
  Otherwise, we look down on the entire thing.
  But there's one thing you could do for us.
  And that's a ride where the monsters come out.
  We will hug the boot and not be mad at it.
  We will be mad at it if we go woo.
  If we can go wee, that's what we like.
  Then we're not mad.
  So they buy up this land and start the plans of a .
.
.
  Now here's where we start to go awry a little bit.
  This is a park.
  It's definitely a park, but it's also just kind of a general resort facility that will have a couple of things.
  And in judging, would this have been good or not?  I saw that Disney spokesman described it as a six to eight hour experience.
  This is a red flag.
  This is like .
.
.
  Because they tried to open MGM Studios that way.
  And in a way, they were kind of hoping maybe you might get away with it on some of those cheapo on early California Adventure or the Disney Studios Paris Park.
  Like, it's fine, right?  It doesn't have to be a full day.
  It doesn't have to be an eight to 12 packed with 100 rides.
  We can get away with that, can't we?  The answer is no, they can't.
  Yeah, it would be interesting.
  I mean, when the parks are close to the other parks that are much better, that's extra bad because you have something to immediately compare it to.
  But I guess, I don't know, if it's in a new spot .
.
.
  Oh, if they're resetting the expectations.
  What your expectations are.
  This is like this hybrid that's like a living museum or something.
  Perhaps.
  And the idea seemingly is that it would be .
.
.
 or at least what they suddenly started saying once they got caught and people were not immediately thrilled that they were moving in.
  It was like, well, you do this and then other stuff.
  Then you take a bus to Gettysburg.
  Yes.
  And then you get like, it's one of five things and you'll still do the real history.
  You'll do the stuff.
  Maybe you stay at our hotel.
  Maybe that's a deal we can cut.
  To put it in perspective, the budget allocated was $650 million, which is 1.
05 billion in modern terms.
  So this park would cost two rise of the resistances.
  That is about also 650 million at the time.
  That is half the budget of Euro Disney.
  Oh boy.
  And I believe they alluded in the defunct land video, which everyone go check that out.
  There's very good defunct land about this.
  That like Disney's already starting to see the budget overrun in Euro Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Oh, definitely.
  Yeah.
  And then it becomes a counterpoint to everything that's happening that they're trying to sell you on.
  They're trying to sell Virginia on we're going to do what we do and we're going to do it here.
  Well, what about what's happening in Paris?  Haven't you lost a billion dollars?  That's a whole weird cultural Chernobyl.
  They started throwing eggs at us.
  What are we going to do?  And then they really ended up in the same.
  I mean, for Eisner, who this is like a kind of a one-two punch of his dreams of affecting the culture, right?  And like leaving not just some frivolous spark, but like something that matters.
  That's a part of the fabric of the society where we he was like.
  Trying to be this this kingmaker and culture effect, right?  Which I'm sure.
 Yeah, because he he want you know, he was he was doing the intros for things on Disney TV.
  So he kind of had a waltz, a little idea that he was waltz and he's going to do the same thing.
  And basically what he meant is that a bunch of people would go here and leave with a plush of Donald Duck and a tricorder head.
  That's essentially what he's going to do for the world.
  The world with this part.
  But I'm sure that is the reality.
  But I'm sure in his head, yes, no, very fantastic because he loved he wrote a book about how much he loves going to summer camp growing up.
  He loved Chateau Quoi, the adult education place that was a big influence on like the Disney Institute being built.
  Yes, he is.
  Look about summer camp magic book about summer camp.
  I'm trying to figure out if he'd know it's the the audiobooks only four hours long, but it does say abridged.
  And I can't tell if he reads it.
  Are you upset by the abridged?  You have a full thing.
  I'm a completist.
  I like unabridged.
  I, you know, especially listening to audiobooks.
  I'm sure the things missing might be the photographs.
  Don't get me wrong.
  I want him to describe photographs on the book if he would if he wouldn't mind.
  Yeah, here's my little shorts.
  When we swam, we had to wear little red shorts.
  Previous years, they made the boys swim naked and not sure when the policy changed.
  Only the Chicago boys were comfortable with it.
  They were told this will make you feel at home.
  Strip naked.
  The Chicago boys did it without asking.
  Without being asked.
  There you go, the Chicago boys.
  Is this what you want, sir?  They said this is the Chicago way.
  Chicago boys.
  There they go.
  Stripping naked yet again.
  So here, you know, and we could do this in any order we want, but just, you know, because there is all of the, there's the back and forth at how this was perceived and the fact that this, they were not welcomed with open arms and a lot of people were mad and it didn't get built.
  But I just want to make sure that we devote substantial time to what the hell was this going to be.
  Because you do have concept art, you do have some breakdowns of what it is.
  There's even a whole other version where it all changes a little bit.
  But just to, because we have to, as Theme Park fans, we have to judge this as a Theme Park or whatever the hell they were going to try to call it.
  So let's step through these things.
  Does this, do these things sound fun to us?  Sure.
  You enter through, and also if anybody, you know, I have the brochure in front of me.
  If there's any particular copy or anything anyone wants to read.
  Sure.
  But let's, we start our journey at Crossroads USA, meant to represent the 19th century.
  It's their main street.
  It's where you enter the vivid tapestry of American history.
  An 1840 train trestle bridge marks the entrance to this territory and supports two antique steam trains that visitors may board for a trip around the nine territories.
  That's one thing to point out.
 It's not lands.
 It is territories.
  Disney's America has territories.
  Yes.
 And there's a train, there's a steam, there's two trains.
  So Jason has to be like, well, at least there were two trains.
  There's not enough steam.
  There's steam, of course, because it's back in the old days.
 So it's still steam like the Disneyland train.
  There's steam.
  You're a fan of steam.
  I'm a fan of steam.
 I'm not really wild at how dirty everything looks in the concept art.
  Or just how many pictures have smokestacks in there like, ah, imagining America.
  Get some smokestacks in there, my man.
  That's an important point.
 I mean, are we seeing industry way back in the background?  I think so.
  Is that the rise of industry?  You're right.
 It does seem, yeah, this town is not, Crossroads isn't a good town.
  Like any old town is not good.
 Like there's, you know, like people are, like horrific things happen every day in Crossroads USA in reality.
  But you know, this art maybe is too indicative of what it would have been like.
  By the time this, you know, got fully planned and built, it would have been a much, I think, shinier presentation.
  They would not really let this look like it might have been back then.
  There's a Disney, the Disney coat of paint that would have absolutely been here.
  And then this and all the smoke would have just been, I think, steam.
  It wouldn't have been putting smoke into the air, but putting steam in it would have looked cool.
  More steam.
 Can't complain about that.
  There was a Burbank Water and Power that just pumps, like, what looks like steam out.
  It looks like the world is ending literally from the five.
  Like, if you're looking at the five.
  And I don't know what that is.
  No, never asked.
  Maybe it's smoke, maybe it's steam.
  I don't know.
  It looks scary as hell, but I forget about it.
  And then when I'm coming out of Flappers, I see it again.
  Flappers Comedy Club.
  Take a tea.
  Randomly trips to Flappers.
  When J.
 performs at this place called Flappers right by downtown Burbank.
  We got boats putting around.
  They do boats.
  Hotel rooms.
  Yeah.
 So this is the colonial Williamsburg idea where there's lodging here.
  There's little suites to stay at.
  So we still, at this point, have not had a proper hotel in the theme park.
  This is the first time that there are going to be scattered.
  And this is actually a little interesting.
  In a way, like, Grand Californian isn't really staying in the park.
  It's staying on the border of the park.
  But this would have truly been, like, there's an upstairs room above the Tri-Corner Hat shop.
  And you stay there.
  Like, people actually.
.
.
  Which, this gets you into that Westcott territory of you're in a Disney park that is closed.
  And then what do you do?  That's weird.
  And don't you have to pay admission to get in?  So going in and out is weird.
  Like, can you.
.
.
  It would just feel weird to, like, go down to the Walgreens and then come back and have to enter a Disney park at 2 a.
m.
  Yeah, it's a good.
.
.
  I bet that there would be, like, one turnstile or whatever you would call it now that you call it.
  What do they call it now that it's not a turnstile?  It's not a touch point?  A touch point?  A tap point?  What the fuck?  A tap point?  Well, turnstile is.
.
.
  That indicates you're turning because you're using that, like, mechanism that, like, is used on a subway.
  But now that it's just you tap in at Disney World I'm talking about.
  It is a.
.
.
  Okay, it's a touch point.
  It's a Jason Therese touch point.
  Oh, man.
  We're going to use that all the time.
  Touch point.
  We're going to use that phrase all the time.
  So, yeah, so now that it's a touch point, there would be one touch point lying open at all times that you would scan in.
  And it probably would start, like, at 6 a.
m.
 or 7 a.
m.
 is when, like, the new day would begin.
  So I bet your ticket lasted from 7 a.
m.
 to the next 7 a.
m.
  Okay.
  I might.
.
.
 this is a guess.
  Mm-hmm.
  Yes, it would be funny, like, going to that touch point at 4 a.
m.
 if you wanted to leave the park and come back.
  Or there might be a different exit for the hotel.
  You want to see Peter Pan today?  Well, first you got to stop at the touch point.
  Hey, quick stop at the touch point.
  Oh, my magic band isn't scanning at the touch point.
  Okay, yeah, no, we'll.
.
.
 no, I'll be there, yeah, just, like, 315, meet me at the touch point.
  315 at the touch point?  Yeah, yeah, 315 at the touch point.
  Okay, just want to make sure.
  Is there only one touch point at the front of the park, or are there touch points anywhere that you use a band, like, getting on a ride?  I think any of them are considered touch points.
  But they're only touch.
.
.
 only Florida has touch points.
  We are supposed to be getting magic bands out here.
  Yeah, we do.
  No, no, no, it's complicated enough.
  I don't want these fucking things.
  You're anti-magic band?  I think I.
.
.
 isn't it more complicated?  You'll still be able to use your phone app.
  Okay.
  I think if you want, you'll have the choice to use your app or magic band.
  All I know.
.
.
 I don't know much about this.
  I just know that in my periphery, suddenly everybody's got these wristbands at Disney, and suddenly getting into Disney World parks is a two months ahead of time.
  Oh, well, that's a different.
.
.
  Insanely complicated operation.
  That's a different story.
  These don't go together.
 These are.
.
.
  I don't think that has anything to do with magic bands.
  Magic band is actually.
.
.
 I mean, it's tracking your every movement and your heartbeat, and it knows everything about you.
  It knows every touch point.
  It knows your deepest fears and your deepest desires.
  But other than that, it's really kind of a pretty easy way to get your Fast Passes and then to use a touch point to get in the park.
  So I don't think that complicates it so much.
  It actually makes it a little simpler from having to fumble with your phone and get your Fast Pass out.
  Because your Fast Pass is immediately just on your magic band.
 You just scan it and.
.
.
  Okay.
  I guess that doesn't sound so bad, but their association with touch points makes me not a fan of them.
  Yeah.
 Sure.
 It was the last time I was there.
  Did at least once a day mine and my fingerprint not work.
  And they had to come flag someone down with an iPad and go like, okay, do it on the iPad.
  All right.
 And one more time.
  And let's try one more time.
  And then eventually it worked.
  I don't want to get onto a big tear here.
  However, the theme park thumbprint operations.
  Oh, we haven't even really.
.
.
  Why? Why? It's probably a whole episode, but like, yeah, Universal, a mess.
  Never does it work.
 Never.
 And why do they need it?  How is this better than showing an ID or just showing that I have a fucking ticket for their park that I paid for?  Like Lockheed Martin owns the patent on like a thumbprint tech or a fingerprint technology.
  They were having dinner with the president of Universal Resorts.
  They made some sort of a shady $500 million deal.
  And that's why we have to like be go through like police questioning or police IDing to get into Universal now.
  Yeah, I don't really know the answer to it.
  Disneyland, just what they look at our annual pass and they see if our face looks the same.
  That's all they do.
 So it seems like it works.
  It works.
 There's look, is there a Mission Impossible way of breaking that code by printing a complicated mask and putting it on?  Probably.
 However, I mean, that's like generally the brief look at the face does its job.
  You know what? It is weird.
 Like here, touch this point.
 Touch this dirty little point.
  It's a dirty little point.
 A thousand people have touched it before.
  Put your finger on the dirty little point and scan into Universal Studios.
  Yes, it is weird.
 It's everyone has touched it.
 You know, everyone has touched it.
  It's weird.
 Everyone has no choice but to put their dirty little finger in this one little area.
  And there's not even room to move around.
 It's so it's so stuck in this.
  It's like not even a big area for your finger to imprint.
  Well, it's not universal.
 It's different.
 It's a feeling poles.
  You got to put your finger on the feel.
 Oh, yeah.
 Right.
 Right.
  It's not confused the brands.
 Yeah.
 So I am not pro fingerprint, but I am mostly pro Magic Band.
  OK.
 I would say I love the touch point.
  You love touch.
 It really makes it opens up the space when you're going into the park.
  I feel in Disney World.
 Love the touching points.
  So unclear how the type the touch point system would have been figured out for your stay in Crossroads USA.
  The next in my list is over here.
 I'll go I'll go off of their brochure.
  President Square, which represents 1750 president square.
  I don't know why that makes me laugh so much.
 But it feels like Baker's Square.
  It just feels like the Simpsons version of it.
 We're going to President Square.
  Yeah, they they kind of inadvertently with this pitch came up with the America Town restaurant from the episode of The Simpsons where they go to Tokyo.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, it's it feels like the parody of it for President Square, even though it's not even that funny of a it's not that funny.
  I don't know why I'm laughing.
 Well, the idea I mean, a place where like I mean, it's like Avengers campus.
  You meet all of the president.
 Right.
 Hey, John Tyler down here.
  Calvin Coolidge.
 Calvin Coolidge is wearing his casual outfit on Thursday from five to nine.
  Then he changes back into his presidential suit.
 Like first term Grover Cleveland or second term Grover Cleveland.
  Wow.
 Andrew Jackson's wearing footy pajamas.
  The presidents operate on like a baseball team's system where it's like, well, on some days they wear their home uniform.
  Some days they wear away.
 Other days they were throwback.
  Sure.
 From the future.
  Whether they're dressed as angels as they are today in heaven.
  Was there any there was it was there was no talk of keeping President Square in a tight timeline like Galaxy's Edge, right?  Where it would only have been 50 years out of all the all 200 plus that America's been around.
  It's only the newer president, only the newer presidents, which is everyone's favorite president.
  Yeah, right.
 They were.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  I think we can all agree no matter what side you're on, the best presidents have been the last four or five.
  Yeah, only the best.
  Well, yeah, not a lot of newer stuff now that you say that.
  I guess not.
 I will hear.
  So the President Square celebrates the birth of democracy and the patriots who fought to preserve it.
  OK, so that's that would that would take you up to the mid 90s.
  Not so much today through the magic of audio animatronics technology.
  Guests may meet these American heroes in Hall of Presidents.
  The Hall of Presidents is here and potentially, according to different sources, I saw that's just it's fully moved.
  We've robbed the people of Disney.
  Maybe it's possible they could have done a copy, but that's a lot of robots to remake, rebuild or replicate it.
  They hadn't gotten that far in the decision making process.
  Oh, wow.
 That's interesting.
 Yeah.
  If they if they had to ship them all and then what would have gone there?  I mean, that's still like you would would you re theme the whole like Liberty Square and Disney World?  Because what do you do? What's the point?  What's the point? If it's not fun?  No, no, no, no, no, no, not that.
  That's not what it wanted.
 So that's fine.
  I'll say it for us, say it again.
  Sleepy Hollow Dark Ride, Ichabod, legend of Ichabod, of the Headless Horseman chase.
  Sounds good, but there's not room for that there.
  I mean, that's a good idea for a ride.
 Maybe it's a big theater.
  It is.
 You're not going to get out.
  And then you think if it's a smaller dark ride, maybe, you know, it's like a toad size or that's fine.
  That's fine.
 Yeah.
 Hey, Madcap.
  That's not bad.
 Hey, they shared a movie Ichabod and Mr.
 Toad.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Spider-Man and Transformers fit into pretty compact sound stages.
  I bet they're bigger though.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
  They probably are.
  Okay.
 Well, we'll take a look.
  Yeah, put the Headless Horseman in everywhere.
  Yeah, sure.
 No, that is a good, that's a fun, scary property.
  Surprise he's not in this park.
  That's like a fun, there's not a lot of American folktale stuff or tall tales.
  I would say zero.
 Yeah.
  It's all literal.
 Yeah, like why not?  Why did they need to decide on that?  It's only it's real historical figures.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that's it.
 That would have maybe gone away quickly too.
  Once the park was opening in a huge disaster, like, I'll bring some fun in here.
  Cut one of the president's heads off or something and say he's the Headless Horseman.
  I feel like they'd get trapped like with Hall of Presidents with this park in general and like the Hall of Presidents now, they can never demolish it where people would be apoplectic.
  Well, they can demolish it right now.
  The Hall of Presidents? I think they could maybe demolish it now.
  You think so? I think so.
  Yeah, because think about like who's going to be like, whoa, they're taking it out because of Biden.
  Yeah, I don't think.
 I don't think anybody's fighting that.
  Look, I voted for the guy, but.
  You know, they're tweeting about it and then that's the end of it.
  Yeah, no, no, no.
  There's I think that's my feeling is that like they're not going to be too much if they go, oh, by the way, it's closed.
  We're working.
 We're repairing it again.
  Oh, it's taking forever.
  Oh, oh, you know what, by the way, oh, some parts.
  Oh, we don't have them.
 Oh, it's over.
  It's gone.
  In an unprecedented move, we've teamed up with our competitors at Universal Studios for the Hall of Presidents presented by the Minions.
  The Hall of Minions.
  That sounds good.
  Hey, that's good.
  Minion heads instead.
  Yeah.
  Keep them in the fun.
  And you got like, yeah, you got powdered wig minions and 1920s minions.
  Yeah.
  It could be the Hall of Precedents, which sounds even worse.
  That sounds like there are there are titles of what comes later that are about as dry as the Hall of Precedents.
  I would say.
  Also, recent history has shown us that precedent means nothing as opposed to vibes.
  Jason, as I said, as I made the light joke, I went, oh, what a dark thing to say right now.
  Let's get out of it.
  Let's get away from it as fast as we can.
  Oh, good.
 Well, we'll get away from it and go into the Native American.
  Oh, come on.
  Do we skip it? Do we skip it?  Oh, no.
 Okay.
 All right.
  No.
  Let's well.
  There's an insane detail in it.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  That kind of undoes whatever good intent was there.
  Is that in the middle of the Native American section, which I believe would at least partially hit on the Trail of Tears?  Like they didn't say would hit the wildest thing is that what they were going to put in Native America was a Lewis and Clark rift ride.
  Mm hmm.
  In Native America.
  What?  I guess they were like, well, those are some fun.
  That's some fun.
  America IP is Lewis and Clark to throw in there.
  So let's do it.
  We can all look.
  Yeah.
  Hey, they're making a fun movie about them with Chris Farley.
  That's right.
  Is that way?  No, they're like equivalents, right?  They're like, yeah, they're not.
  No, they're not.
  Lewis and Clark.
  They're like thereabouts.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So they were like, these guys are going to be hot.
  These characters, these real life people were going to be hot.
  Well, probably if anybody's mad that it's Lewis and Clark and there's bad things in that history, we'll change it to the almost heroes characters.
  Right.
  As soon as that's a big hit.
  Do we know the names of the almost heroes characters?  Do we dare look it up?  We don't.
  Feel free.
  I'm going to look it up.
  It's really fascinating.
  And you could keep, you could even keep talking.
  And if it's not good, I won't even say it.
  If it doesn't make me laugh, I won't say it.
  We can move on to the not fully cooked Civil War fort.
  Uh huh.
  The next not fully cooked land.
  Um, OK.
  Yeah.
  So this is all right.
  The Civil War fort allows guests to experience the reality of a soldier's daily life.
  Fun.
  Insanity.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Let's real quick.
  In the old 200 years ago.
  Why?  Like.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  That's the problem with these.
  You go to the fields and you think about, you reflect and you're mournful, but you don't  get to find out like how bad the shoes were they had to wear.
  This is an experience that is solely for going to like a historical site.
  Somewhere as a kid you're like, as Jason was saying, you're a little antsy for a real ride,  but like you were like trying to like put yourself back there.
  But as a kid you can't visualize what like going through horrors are like.
  Which is why.
  Look, the it's probably inappropriate to put it there, but the Lewis and Clark rap ride  is something like is there has there been one thing in the list so far that we're like  sounds good.
  Well, the train train, but there's rain.
  They've had train rain or I like honestly, I'm pro the smoke coming out of the stacks.
  You guys were like the you walk in and see a lot of smoke and you're excited.
  Yeah.
  Reminds you of going to flappers.
  It reminds me of flappers.
  And I like the idea that there's a chimney sweep that has to go up and go to work.
  So yeah, so at least the other raft.
  There you go.
  At least.
  Yeah, that will give you a little thrill.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Reality of a soldier's daily life.
  Not so much.
  Then we go into Disney's Circle Vision 3D 360 to transport you into the center.
  I mean, first of all, it loses me right there.
  I don't know how you guys feel about these three sixties.
  I think these are all bummers.
  I think this is a genre of bummers.
  I'm probably making somebody mad is one that I don't know is kind of a little fun.
  I like the timekeeper one.
  But in general, those are like I have to stand to get when you're a child, the most tired being on the planet and like I have to just hold a rail.
  I don't get to sit.
  You can't.
  They're so mad at the 360.
  They're too high to lean for a kid.
  Yeah.
  I remember.
  Do I put my my little soft neck on this?  Do I do?  I just sit.
  Probably somebody will yell at me.
  I certainly don't sit on the rail because then somebody will definitely yell at me.
  Probably my mom.
  I hate the idea.
  I did not like we've never talked about a 360 movie.
  Yeah, I don't.
  I don't.
  I'm sure I saw a 360 movie when we when I was a kid and we went to Disney World.
  But I have seen them as an adult.
  And it's a great.
  It sounds great, doesn't it?  It sounds fun to have a 360 movie.
  But the reality of it is it's superfluous.
  It doesn't work.
  It doesn't make sense.
  Show me what you want me to look at.
  I don't need to be jerking my head back and forth.
  That gets old after like two tries where you go, oh, I can turn around and I can see behind you.
  Then you stop.
  You stop doing it because they do kind of direct you.
  They do.
  Because how do you not?  I mean, the filmmaker, given that assignment, is like, OK, yes.
  But there's a reason why you point one way when making a movie.
  I'm going to kind of sort of guide this in one direction.
  It should be like IMAX.
  It should be like 270 or something.
  280.
  Not 360.
  We don't need all the degrees.
  We don't need all the degrees.
  Too many degrees, folks.
  Too many degrees.
  I like them.
  OK, I don't get them much thought.
  And their hours are so odd nowadays.
  I haven't seen them.
  I don't need them to go away.
  I don't make a point of them.
  I think it was kind of killing two birds with one stone back in the day where they could develop a new technology, test it out, put it somewhere in the park where they can build the theater from scratch.
  I think at their best, these sorts of like theme park movies like Impressions de France, they end up a little odd.
  Like they end up absurd or unique like they've stumbled into being an art movie.
  But then at their worst, they're more like, oh, I was telling you guys earlier about Harmonious Live and I thought the actual show with all the singers and performers and stuff was great.
  There was also a weird short film in there narrated by Kristen Bell.
  That's one of those Disney things where they try to use shots of people from many of many walks of life doing many activities.
  And they try to have something for everyone but not offend everyone.
  And there's just a bunch of nothing really.
  Yeah.
 So it ends up becoming like a thing an alien made.
  So I think that here is a book report about humans and Earth.
  But all that said, they might have been on to something because eventually the Gettysburg Visitor Center built a massive new visitor center, which does include I don't think it's a full circle vision, but like a 180.
  Okay, I like 180.
 Sure.
  180 is good.
  I think it's longer.
  Yeah, it's longer.
  I could use a few more degrees, honestly, because then I'm really immersed more.
  Sweet spot is somewhere.
  180 not enough.
  250ish, 240.
  240 is where I feel like it's right.
  But 180 is good.
  I'm into 180.
  Okay, we're getting there.
  Yeah.
  This boy, if there are circle vision stands in the audience, we have lost them all.
  I think Jason honestly gave the biggest insult to circle vision by saying, I don't even really think about it that much.
  Wow.
  That's so dismiss.
  I mean, that's so dismiss cold.
  That's like Chuck.
  Spoiler alert.
  Better call Saul when Chuck tells Jimmy, you know, he doesn't care about him.
  I don't even care about you.
  Oh, I thought you were going to say I paid them the biggest compliment.
  No, no, you're probably do like them the best.
  No, I know.
  But I can't remember outside seeing.
  I think I saw the Canada one like eight or ten years ago.
  You know?  Yeah, yeah.
  I would rather have people talking about me in a slightly negative way than somebody go.
  I don't even think about it ever.
  You want to be negative.
  Have you guys seen Fantastic Planet?  No.
  Don't get me started.
  I don't know what you mean at all.
  It's the movie that's in the land pavilion where the Lion King environmental movie used to be.
  Oh, yes.
  Oh, and where symbiosis was.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's I mean, clearly we're playing in the territory of all these things.
  This is what this park is going to have.
  Oh, yeah.
  All my favorite aspects of all these.
  So, yeah, you get to go into the center of Civil War combat.
  That's great.
  And then outside, you may encounter an authentic reenactment of a period battle.
  More battles.
  OK.
  I mean, at least I mean, yeah, this is something it could be potentially be somewhat historically  factual and also, I guess, is something to look at if I'm just basing purely on like, you know, something visually interesting.
  Whoa, that guy had to throw down his fat back and hard tacked and like start firing his rifle.
  Mommy, mommy, the soldiers hard tack.
  Can we get hard tack and fat back?  No, Jason, we already have some at home.
  You know that.
  We're always stuck.
  We get them involved from Cosco.
  You have your hard tack at home.
  Oh, this one's coughing a lot.
  Oh, no, he's the sick one.
  He's still his toe.
  He's on death's door.
  Look away, Jason.
  Look away.
  This is too real.
  You're for a stubbed toe at that time.
  Writing a letter to his wife on the battlefield.
  This is the end of I.
  So he talked.
  But the big the big centerpiece of this is alluded to earlier, a thrilling nighttime spectacular based on the historic confrontation between the  monitor and the Merrimack, a real life battleship battle that is being presented as a spectacular as their  so has Mick or they're like, you know, when Universal had one that was like a ripoff Miami vice, like that was the first one in Orlando is like the fake  Crockett and to these like guys with the ripped shirts are going to ride around and speed boats in this one.
  It is real warships firing at each other.
  The lights are out and it's time for the reenactment warships.
  They're shooting the hell out of each other.
  Funny as hell.
  Yeah, I don't know who didn't even if it was just presented in like and then at night we sit and quietly watch a reenactment of the battle of the like even  that's a different presenting presentation of it versus and then prepare to be dazzled by the lights and spectacle of two battleships as they shoot  colorful fireworks out of the top of their whatever they call them of Merrimack Tasbeck.
  Hey, look at those battleships like here we go.
  Like this crazy.
  It looks like these two parts of the country are getting along.
  Let's see how it goes.
  Oh, there's an alien that jumped alien woman that jumped out of the bushes.
  Hello there.
  I turned brother against brother.
  Look how does these two battleships dazzle you with a firework display like you've never seen.
  America was nothing but love until I showed up.
  I planted the seeds of hate in this otherwise perfect nation.
  I don't even know what they're fighting about.
  This is hard to tell.
  I'm not sure.
  We've stumbled on the best twisted idea for this whole place is explain away every bad thing that ever happened in America with an alien woman that won't tell you her name,  which if you don't know, we're talking about we did an episode on a cut show called Splash Tackle where an unnamed like Rita repulsed type pops out of the up top bushes wreaks havoc on Nikki and you know of your business.
  I real quick side note, I completely forgot to text you.
  And I guess we should really do this on Singap but I have to do it now.
  So we talk about on this episode and this is a good ad for the second gate go to patreon.
com where we have a bunch of bonus episodes.
  But we talk about how Mickey has guards in this particular Epcot show and they have Mickey silver like big chrome chrome on their chests and on every limb of their body.
  Yes, they're on stilts the intense, which we made.
  We posted the videos of cards and then all it's stomp stomp stomp.
  Yes, and it's so crazy because like wasn't making of guards and why are they like he's comfortable with his face being like the image as they use like their Mickey clubs to beat people like season seems a little very dystopian dystopian and grisly.
  Here's what I noticed as I'm driving by the Disney lot on the gate.
  Instead of spikes, they have little Mickey.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
  Yes.
  So that's in the real world.
  If you try to get in there, you could get impaled on Mickey's metal head.
  But I made that point in the episode that the you know the the soldier should have told Mickey think you're going to want to spear right.
  Yeah, impaling is going to go better right with a sharp point.
  I don't care.
  It's my face because you wanted to play into the thing we wanted to bludgeon is what I said.
  I want to bludgeoning is better.
  But yeah, kind of fence.
  Bludgeon themselves.
  If you bludgeon them, they can't have an open casket funeral.
  Good fellas.
  Joe Pesci's mother and good fellas.
  Ugly corpses.
  But I drove by and I was like, oh my God, look, look, it's little metal head protecting the protecting the empire with his metal weapon.
  With it.
  And it seems more friendly.
  Which one?  It seems more friendly than spikes.
  It seems less.
  Oh, yeah.
  Come on in.
  Come get a closer look.
  It rips my chest open.
  It is seem nicer.
  You're right.
  It's like as I fall on it trying to scale the fence.
  God, I have not thought about how fun it is.
  So funny.
  Protecting the border with big blunt Mickey.
  Drive by if you're in Burbank, drive by the Disney studios and see Mickey's face protecting the empire.
  Mickey's head, I should say.
  Wait, this is so again, let me.
  All right.
  Look, I looked up some some stats.
  If you can believe I didn't have the Civil War stats already in my brain, the battle this is based on the first time that iron clad warships fought each other.
  Right.
  After this, there were no more wood ships.
  Everyone rushed to build their warships out of iron.
  And it was considered a draw.
  However, the Confederates lost seven.
  Seven soldiers died.
  Union lost 261.
  So it's a draw where astronomically more of the side that I feel like we are rooting for.
  I think that's right.
  I believe you are correct.
  So so yeah, it was it was historically it's listed as a draw is what you're saying or they were going to present it as a draw in the Disney show.
  I think well, the ships in real life, the monitor and the Mirama both survived.
  OK, so that's why.
  So that's it's considered a draw now.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
 We lost 200 people, human beings.
  But if you're just going off of ship numbers, it was a draw.
  So which is maybe look, this is an issue that they have in general with this.
  But with anything, Civil War and the part if you're depicting something where the Confederacy wins, that doesn't feel great.
  Certain battles they did.
  So that's going to come up.
  Right.
  Well, this it's like maybe that's why they picked this one book.
  We have we know that the nighttime spectacular has to be a real battle or has to be with feelings died.
  But we are.
  Well, can we soften the blow by at least making it not a sweeping Confederate victory?  Yeah, I see.
 I see what you're saying here.
  Yeah, that's it feels like people really rack their brain and try to solve this equation of like, how do we make it?  Still, they came up with one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
  I feel like Eisner.
  This is it's it's this it's that great Eisner hubris where he didn't think there was the possibility of a wrong answer.
  Yeah, this was still he had not had a it was all hits at this point.
  So he's like, whatever it is, is going to be great.
  He just kind of threw out.
 We got to blend history and fun figured out.
  You will.
 You always do.
 Love you.
  Imagineers.
 This came back.
  I'll be their front row.
  Never occurred.
 This might be weird.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, I believe he said he thought they'd be like picking them up and putting them on their shoulders like they'd be celebrated.
  But the reality is when you just in the metaphor, when you throw something against the wall to see what sticks, there's going to be stuff that doesn't stick.
  And maybe there is no sticking.
  Yeah.
 Or sometimes there's no.
  In this case, truly, that is the end of the story.
  There was nothing stuck.
  Did I say, by the way, that this is all this thrilling nighttime spectacular is over Freedom Bay.
  That aspect.
  Another like Simpsons joke or something.
  Yeah.
 Freedom Bay.
  So, yeah.
  So I really was the idea that like there would be like purple fireworks or something shooting out or were they going to, I guess, keep it realistic.
  And it would just be like plain.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  Yeah.
 Just like the colors of flares shot out of the Titanic.
  What would get people to rescue them?  So would they be red or would they be yellowish?  I suppose.
  I mean, I guess the boat battle at the Pirates of the Caribbean looks pretty good.
  You're right.
  That's a good point.
  That's exciting to be between.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, I guess I'm saying like it feels like it feels like this would be a Disney fireworks show because they're not going to fight like it's not real combat between two subs.
  It has to just be explosions.
  Oddly, the monitor and the Merrimack fired all kinds of colors out of the shit.
  I was built into these new warships.
  And weirdly, they fired it up in the pattern of one big circle and two tiny circles.
  Oh, wow.
  Historically accurate.
  Closer to like that Penguin sub from the Batman 66 show probably where they could shoot multiple colored weapon or weapon charges or whatever.
  That'd be a water spectacular.
  Oh, yeah.
  So this is straight.
  The Civil War aspect is very strange.
  Can we think of like, what would you put here?  Say you're imaginary and Michael Eisner is just like, like he threw the words at you that we just said and he was like, figure out what the nighttime show is.
  And you're like, what would you what could you even possibly do here?  It's over.
  OK, we'll go for it.
  I was going to say, I got it based on something I've done in the past.
  It's Fourth of July every night.
  Yeah, same way.
  New Year's Eve every night in Pleasure Island.
  Fourth of July every night at Freedom Bay.
  That's great.
  Yes.
  Freedom Bay.
  It's always Fourth of July.
  Philadelphia always they shoot off their fireworks down by the Delaware River, you know, and so like there's plenty of cities and towns that shoot off the fireworks over bodies of water.
  The best fireworks for the fireworks I ever saw were it might have been Cape Cod or somewhere, but they used the old war cannons and that was part of it.
  And that was neat.
  That was cool.
  That's all you have to do.
  It doesn't have to be a real battle.
  That's insanity.
  Also, they were going to have the I think the next one in the order is an Ellis Island kind of area, which I think would have had a Statue of Liberty.
  So why is it not just fireworks over the Statue of Liberty?  Why did it ever enter anyone's mind that a real battle has to be portrayed?  Yeah, yeah, I don't I don't know, because again, it's filling the role of phantasmic because that was the language they used.
  We have not brought up one possible way to take this, which is that all of the soldiers are Disney characters.
  Well, look, I think Chip.
  Yeah, I you know, Scott, you would have been an award winning editorial cartoonist in 1994.
  Because there are some very tedious newspaper cartoons from this time period of like Mickey like shitting on the Constitution or if you have that, send that to me.
  I would like to see that there's an amendment for you.
  This one's for you, G.
G.
 Allen.
  I think was there one with Abraham Lincoln and his big stovepipe hat as a Mickey ears on it?  That's pretty funny.
 That's pretty cute.
  That's kind of every possible every monuments nobody cares about.
  They're putting Mickey ears on it.
  Yeah, the worst defiling I ever.
  This is what they want to do.
  Literally put a Mickey hat on everything.
  They should have gone the other way.
  As I said, they should have like justified everything by just making them all Disney characters and completely rewritten American history.
  And then we have involved a lot of like giant fish and crabs.
  And yes, living candelabra.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah, yeah.
  All of the Beauty and the Beast characters would be involved as well.
  So the We the People.
  Can I read from the brochure on this?  Framed by a building resembling Ellis Island, We the People recognizes the courage and triumph of our immigrant heritage from the earliest native settlers to the latest political refugees.
  This I think they actually like it does sound a little severe for a theme park, but this does sound nice.
  It sounds uplifting.
  It sounds inspiring.
  It's not again.
  Nowadays have the chunk of the country would be apoplectic about this idea.
  Yeah.
  And it's not presented like it's that doesn't say like you're going to go on a rip roaring ride through the immigration process or something, which is it doesn't seem right.
  Like the spectacular.
  Yeah, I'm saying that.
  Yeah, they're presenting it in the right way.
  I mean, I know more Ellis Island was just like, do you not you know enough consumption?  OK, good.
  Your name is now Stephen Harry Stephen.
  On you go.
  Stamp.
  Well, you're right that this might have been just kind of a nice, like subtle nod to the immigrants who have added to the fabric of America.
  But then you have to then there was the turn that happened at some point in time where it was we're doing it with the Muppets.
  It's gonna be the Muppets.
  Yeah, there was the introduction of the Muppets.
  Which made I don't know which could I even am seeing somewhere said that that's inside the Statue of Liberty that you go see a 3D Muppet in the immigration movie.
  Yes, really.
  I missed this completely.
  Now we're talking.
  Well, sure.
  It was the Statue of Liberty.
  Is it like Miss Piggy?  No, I think it is the normal Statue of Liberty from the outside.
  OK, you go inside and it's full of riffraff.
  How much better if that was like a six story Miss Piggy Statue of Liberty?  Yeah, yeah, certainly.
  But again, the offense that might have been taken by you have put mouse ears on Lincoln and put a pig's face on a woman's face on this gift from France.
  Right.
  Where is the biggest fake Statue of Liberty?  Is it in Vegas?  Oh, that's interesting.
  Is that that big?  Oh, in New York, New York?  Or is it like a Lego one?  Yeah, right.
  Is there because I always I don't know that I ever thought about it in the theme park way, but I always kind of was fascinated by the end of Ghostbusters 2 with the Statue of Liberty walking around.
  That's your that maybe that's your spectacular.
  The end of Ghostbusters 2.
  Oh, now.
  OK, Jackie Wilson.
  Oh, yeah, that would all be awesome.
  I love the end of Ghostbusters 2.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I don't know.
  Disney doesn't own it or whatever, but I don't know.
  Figure it out.
  Yeah, figure it out.
  And figure out how to make a giant Statue of Liberty that walks around.
  Oh, man.
  After Life 2.
  Do you think the Statue of Liberty is going to walk again?  It's a little Easter egg that the fans might recognize.
  Do you remember that there was a big statue?  Somebody they go over the Statue of Liberty.
  There's a big like somebody put a big sheet over it and they pull it off and they go, it's the Statue of Liberty.
  I remember it from the second movie.
  Oh, I mean, the second story I heard.
  I think it's Statue of Liberty.
  I think we'll see.
  I mean, we're giving this idea away for free.
  So yes, put it in there.
  Which dead people will be reanimated in the next?  America's dying to know which bodies will be puppeted around.
  There's no telling.
  So yes, Statue of Liberty walking around is a great idea if they could figure that out.
  Yeah, well, I don't think they were going to do that.
  But yeah, I know I'm saying you're your idea.
  Yeah, they should have done it.
  Something with the Muppets, maybe.
  I don't know.
  Sure.
  I mean, they have that history thing now that's fun.
  Where do we go from here?  Enterprise.
  Enterprise.
  Another extremely grim, darkest that Lewis and Clark and the Industrial Revolution, two of the actual rides, probably two of the grimmest.
  But the Industrial Revolution ride that took you over like a big thing of lava might have been cool.
  So yes, it's like about, all right, so it's industry and ingenuity and innovation, the old factories and blah.
  But then, yes, you're probably the only thing in the park that sounds kind of exciting.
  Yeah.
  The Industrial Revolution, a high speed adventure through a turn of the century mill.
  That juxtaposition.
  But that's what you like about it.
  This is what we don't get anymore.
  This is what we'll never get from Disney or Universal.
  Well, yeah, this original IP.
  The IP isn't a Marvel movie.
  It's the Industrial Revolution.
  It's a time in American history.
  Great.
 It's a concept.
  It's an idea and it's a thrill ride based on it.
  Fantastic.
  Like I think fantastic, honestly.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'd be excited about this.
  And then, as you said, culminating in a narrow escape from its fiery vat of molten steel.
  Yes.
  They kept pushing this at every turn that you and you come face to face with a bunch of molten steel with a big pot.
  I'm not sure that this was something that would happen on a daily occurrence at a factory where like your head would just breeze by.
  I mean, you get close.
  I guess that's true.
  People were probably getting killed because of unsafe labor conditions.
  But no one wanted to build the ride.
  The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory Fire escape.
  It's a good point.
  Ride it out.
  That really they would have had to figure out how to square that circle where it was like the ride is about you almost dying in a factory 150 years ago, which is a very real possibility.
  If you lived back then in one way or another.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So gradually die from whatever you're breathing or with your encounter with a fiery vat of molten steel.
  And I wonder, I always I'll say this.
  I don't know.
 I've said this before.
  I'm a sucker for when they do like either steam and water with light behind it to make it look like it's some sort of fire.
  Like, oh, yeah.
  Like, oh, yeah.
  Big Thunder.
  And then when they updated it out here and I've seen it, I guess, Harry Potter, the dragon.
  When you get blasted by the dragon.
  Well, I'm probably saying this because it's like these are more steampunky, but it's in the that makes it in the world of 1800 stuff.
  But I really like in Disney Sea, Journey to the Center of the Earth and 20,000 Leagues into the Sea.
  So if it was anything like like that just makes me think, OK, we know Disney built cool stuff with 1800 or that Geyser Mountain probably would have been cool.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  I think this would have been pretty great.
  I like knowing that if like if you if you try to imagine the vibe that unbuilt things had or things that were built have or and Big Thunder is kind of an 1800.
  Like, I think this one with with that team at that time would have been pretty fantastic.
  Sure.
 Yes, yes.
  It's got all the things that like people who like this stuff like in 2022 ago.
  I can't believe this is here.
  I can't believe they made this thing.
  It's legitimately fun to go on.
  The effects are cool.
  Like, it just checks.
  It seems to check all the boxes.
  Yeah.
 That of something we would be like, well, that park was a terrible idea.
  But you know what?  That one ride, the Industrial Revolution ride was really good.
  And you're going to love if you like this, if you like that orange light with the white like, you know, fabric blowing to simulate fire, you're going to love the mascot of Disney's America, Mrs.
  O'Leary's cow.
  Oh, yeah.
  Mrs.
 O'Leary's cow gets up to in Chicago.
  Do you think, though, that, you know, that Disney, if again, this was a success, they could have built a whole O'Leary's cow amusement park in Chicago area at this point.
  Oh, we're in the fire land.
  Clareland.
  Mrs.
 O'Leary's cow.
  Or she's friends with Mrs.
 O'Leary's cow.
  Okay.
  And she like does something to help or hurt.
  I guess help.
  She would have to help.
  She doesn't start the fire that burns down most of Chicago.
  Cow town.
  It's a play.
  A bunch of cows, some fictional and one real.
  Yeah.
  Horses there.
  Horse, horse, collar and the other, you know, trying to sleep with the cows.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He's trying to make love to the various horses.
  That's right.
  So, yeah, you then get it.
  So here we that's something.
  If nothing else, if nothing else, industrial revolution, you get to a ride where you escape poor conditions.
  Right.
  Like a Knott's ride.
  Yes.
  That's another one.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Misery.
  I don't know if it would have had that aspect that you look at hundreds of people with horrible  lives.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And they're not sure.
  And those Knott's rides we're talking about, which are Timber Mountain, Log Ride and the  Minecart.
  I never remember the full name of it.
  What is it called?  Calico.
  Calico.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, you see animatronics of people who probably are like 30 years old that look 80  years older than the hard lives they've lived.
  They look miserable.
  It's legitimately, they're both scary, I think, especially if you're a kid.
  Yeah.
  And they creak.
  They're so rusty.
  They're rusty and that's an accident.
  Genuinely scary.
  Worry.
  This tunnel is too narrow.
  If they have to get us out of here, it's going to take a long time.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  We're going to need jaws of life here.
  But that at high speed, great.
  So now I'm thinking maybe we're cooking with you guys.
  We'll see if we take that into Victory Field, which is simultaneously, I mean they namechecked  the Wright Brothers early on in the descriptor.
  But then it's also kind of, so this is 1930 to 1945.
  So it's Wright Brothers, it's early flight, but then it's also World War II, which I don't  know what World War II attraction is.
  You at least are in, you're in the territory of exciting aerial ducking and diving, but  kind of with the specter of this is a real thing.
  There's a bunch of Nazis.
  Talking about Nazis.
  Yeah.
  Which though, I guess in their favor, Nazis have been portrayed in media and fictionalized  so much, even though Nazis in a Disney park is probably not a good idea.
  It's certainly been portrayed more in a variety of ways.
  Well, I think they skirted it because I saw one thing that said one of the concepts would  have been the world's first dueling inverted coasters and it would have been called dogfighter  and it would have been biplanes.
  So we're back in World War I, baby.
  Just the Kaisers, the troops.
  Do Americans know why we joined World War I?  No, I don't.
  I know we got in pretty late.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah.
  So.
  A bit more attention to two glazed over one.
  Not sure.
  Bunch of weird old inbred royal families fighting each other over territory.
  That's what I think it was.
  Could Snoopy be on the ride with the World War I flying ace?  That was the character, right?  I mean, yeah.
  Oh, the red Baron.
  Yeah.
  I think those theme park rights are booked up.
  Wait, wait.
  Red Baron was the same as the World War I flying ace?  Those are two separate characters.
  Am I wrong?  Wasn't the red Baron though?  Wasn't the red Baron who the World War I flying ace was fighting in peanuts?  Oh, he's not the red Baron.
  And you never saw the red Baron? Am I incorrect?  I'm not 100.
  I mean, I'll look it up here.
  The red Baron.
  Red Baron.
  I mean, you talk amongst yourselves while I do this.
  OK.
 Oh, yeah.
  Well, I'm seeing Snoopy versus the red Baron.
  There you go.
  I bet this is a very common.
  This is a Frankenstein Frankenstein's monster.
  Yeah, for sure.
 Yeah.
  So I don't think you ever see the red Baron.
  I'll say this about those little Snoopy.
  If you've ever seen these little pieces of parts of the I forget which movie or even which show that that's in.
  But they're very upsetting to me.
  I never liked them.
  They're like silence.
  Snoopy is like having a dog fight on top of his dog house with an unseen red Baron character as a kid.
  I did not know anything about history.
  I was confused and the whole thing was upsetting to me.
  Why are they getting away from these these cute giant headed children?  Yeah, I like the giant headed children.
  I like Snoopy, but I do not like seeing him in a dog fight in World War One, which I understand the creator is much older than me.
  Yeah.
  But now other ideas of rides, you know, it's unclear what I mean, that sounds really good.
  Dogfighter sounds pretty great.
  I saw a mention of a VR aided parachute jump from a World War Two fighter jet, which sounds sort of like VR aided parachute jump from a World War Two fighter jet.
  That sounds like a precursor of the sort of the idea for the Avengers.
  Yes.
  But he ticket.
  Yes, certainly does.
  Mm hmm.
  Which you have another thing that will never happen.
  Will not happen.
  Yeah, yeah, it's like the Avengers one looked like it was going to be started in a Quinjet.
  And then I just burped.
  Then you then you fell out of it.
  You parachuted of some like some super like super scientific parachute or something and then fought the villains in some like big maybe 360 circle vision style.
  Too many degrees.
  Maybe too many degrees, honestly.
  So if it wasn't too far.
  Yeah, maybe that's why I got canceled because there were too many degrees.
  Yeah, you've been protesting the Madison Square Garden sphere.
  That's the MSG sphere coming to Vegas.
  Yeah, the test one that's over by the Burbank Airport here though.
  You got wrecked because I was on top of it.
  That's right.
  You were taking the pieces off.
  Yeah, I was mad that this could be 360.
  Now, here's another.
  I mean, and we'll get into this a little later.
  But I it all some of the history that's attributed to this park is the idea that some attractions were developed for that found homes elsewhere.
  And I don't know.
  I can't find the exact documentation of it.
  But but certainly some sources say that Soren was potentially a concept for this part.
  I saw that.
  Which a pretty cool.
  Pretty cool.
  Let's think about that.
  If it had Soren, which kind of saved California Adventure a little bit.
  Yeah.
  So Soren was the big.
  Really all on the back of Soren when that was the major thing that they had.
  So you got Industrial Revolution.
  You got your raft ride.
  Yeah.
  And then you have a Soren over Civil War battlefields.
  Like, that's the only issue.
  Yeah.
  Or is it is it a World War Two fight?  Yeah.
  Kind of mushing up Soren for your life.
  World War One and two.
  Probably some of the California like commercial aviation probably in there.
  What's going through?  Maybe they go through every war.
  They go through every aerial war.
  But up until today's and then they update it with the same soundtrack though that we have now.
  Yeah.
  Well, if you look at it, did everyone pull this this one?  There's kind of one drawing with like each land kind of just in colored like I saw a different one.
  Basic one.
  It all conveniently stops right at the the World War Two, the victory of World War Two basically like 1945.
  It seems to be the most recent.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  It's not a more recent history.
  Yeah.
  So they they've just taken off the board like the complicate.
  They've taken off the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the civil rights movement, women's liberation, like all of the later 20th century recent history.
  They're like, we're not going to touch it.
  There's got to be an up caught for this place, you know, in the in the future plans when they're talking about building it.
  So they have to leave some on the table for later, Jason.
  I look the 2010s were going to be, you know, full build out was going to happen in like 2015, 2017.
  The imaginers were so excited about Vietnam theme park attractions, but they're like, we can't do it yet.
  We need to wait for that second park before we can we can find the fun.
  I want to play the two songs.
  I want to play.
  I'm running on now.
  I'm running on now.
  Two Vietnam songs.
  Yeah.
 So right there.
  It's a reverse galaxy's edge.
  Honestly, it's not future stuff.
  It's past.
  They cap it there in the past.
  Yeah.
  We're getting towards one that really breaks my brain.
  And it is this not the land in general state fair.
  We are finally at we need an excuse to get some rides into this.
  Right.
 There have to be rights here.
  So it's so now this is very familiar.
  We're at like it's a recreation of an old pier of Coney Island type with a big Ferris wheel and a wooden roller coaster.
  OK.
 So again, sounds familiar.
  This eventually becomes Paradise Pier.
  This is the beginning of this Eisner premise of like just a place with rides for God's sake rides that we can not.
  We don't have to invent the basic mechanism of what the ride is.
  You don't have to change like physics as we know it in order to accomplish something innovative here.
  Just the cheapest rides come up with some bullshit to explain why we have cheap rides here in the past.
  19 20s.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 Fantastic.
 All right.
  Few.
 All right.
 Start building these basic rides.
  Then we get to oh boy amid a backdrop of rolling cornfields fans may have a hot dog and take a seat in an authentic old fashioned ballpark and watch America's legendary greats gather for an exhibition all star.
  Now this I love.
  All right.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 This is so funny.
  I don't know about you, Mike, but the older I get, the more baseball I watch.
  It's something that's clicked in my biology.
  That's I don't have that yet, but I do like going to a baseball game.
  If baseball is on, I will watch it.
  It was the first thing I ever wanted to do for a living.
  I probably lasted six months.
 It probably didn't last very long.
  Probably also ended after I realized there's I'm not a good athlete and they pulled me out after I pitched one inning in first grade and it ruined my confidence for another decade.
  I thought I was doing fine.
 My memory is I was pitching the first inning because like my parents were like, let him pitch one of the innings because he really wants to be a pitcher.
  So I pitched in the inning and then the coach is like, all right, great.
  You did great.
 Back to right field.
  Back to right field.
 And I remember being like, what? I thought he said, OK, no, no, no.
  He's coach standards.
 Impossible.
 Coach is a real nice guy.
  I will say that.
 But yeah, so no baseball.
  But I like baseball and I would watch it if it's on.
  But I am not watching more yet.
 I'm trying to keep up with all the professional wrestling I watch.
  Oh, sure.
 There's too much already of that sport that I enjoy.
  So but this is this is fantastic.
  We have this.
 This is a big premise to unpack.
  This is so this is an athletic event that is a theme park show.
  Yes.
 How does this work? I don't know.
  What do you mean? Because it can't be scripted.
  Right.
 But it's hired.
  It's hired baseball players.
 So is this just like, is it truly just a baseball game?  It cannot.
 It can't be a baseball game.
 Yeah, there is no way baseball game.
  Well, you know what? You can probably script a baseball game.
  It just has to.
 It can't be a full length game.
  I guess professional wrestling has taught us you can script most that you can, you know, yeah, you lock stuff out.
  Sure.
 Now, it is pretty hard to aim a baseball.
  Yeah, that's the issue in wrestling.
  There's not a an item that you don't have.
  Like, yeah, unless maybe there's a way to throw.
  But if there's like an air cannon that's hidden in front of the catcher or the ump  that like they pretend to throw the ball and then the guy pretends and then there's like a sound effect of a bat cracking like a stunt show.
  You're saying it's a simulated.
 Don't worry, folks.
 They're not actually playing baseball.
  Right.
 Well, but they will.
 Yeah, they'll shoot a ball out.
  But it's coming out of like a ho it's coming out of like a piece of PVC pipe or something.
  And it's shooting it so we can get it in a pinpoint like pinpoint exactly where they want it to like the like throwing the Spider-Man robot.
  They can get it where they need it for the story.
  So when babe when the babe comes out, because you know, the babe has to close this thing, there's no way.
  Here's the other premise.
 This is an all star game in the 30s and 40s.
  So, yeah, that implies it's the best baseball players from old baseball.
  Yeah.
 Playing together.
  Now, I don't know where anyone like the exact years any of these players played like Ty Cobb, Billy Bruce.
  I don't know, but I assume they're there.
  How many can we name the end of the list?  Jackie Robinson, Joe Jackson.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, I know some more Chicago Cubs, but I don't think they're going to tell you right now.
  Ty Cobb's first one cut.
 They're not dealing with Ty Cobb.
  History's most racist man.
 Ty Cobb.
  Oh, is that right?  I believe there's it's in the Ken Burns documentary because Ty Cobb comes up a little bit.
  He comes up a few times.
  And one of the times is a guy in the stand calls him some sort of slur.
  Ty Cobb climbs in the stands, starts beating the man up and someone says, stop, stop.
  He's crippled.
 And Ty Cobb's response was like, I don't care.
  Ah, yeah.
 So kind of a villain who still has a number of baseball accolades named after him.
  But if that if that happened in this in this show, it would be like the Vader of the show.
  Boo boo Ty Cobb.
  All right.
 Let's boo the cheating Chicago White Sox team from that one season.
  This I I'm trying to really wrap my head around what they would do because the theme park show 20 ish minutes, right?  15, 20 minutes.
  They have games that are what at minimum eight hours, eight and a half.
  Yeah, I guess you could maybe get like a 30 minute show at a theme park.
  Forty five is pushing it.
 It better be really good.
  Like the Aladdin show California Adventure.
  If you want to go that long.
  But what if they were thinking beyond this?  What if they were like, we're just going to we're going to play full baseball games with people?  There's no way.
  Yeah, who would little league?  That's your entire get two games, two or three, two, maybe three games.
  And if they played like six innings or so, maybe they did baseball.
  Do they always play nine innings?  Usually.
 OK, it's been historically been nine.
  Well, I know that.
 But I'm saying like in the old days, was there ever a time when they played two innings?  Well, yeah, conveniently.
 Yeah, they looked it up.
  And yeah, it used to be used to be one.
  And there was a buzzer that everybody after 10 minutes, everybody got one at bat.
  And they also sang a song before they swung.
  Yeah, they saw a song that introduced them and who they were and what team they were on.
  All right.
 I got a pitch for the show.
  I think it'll work.
 You get all the man.
  You get the mascots, you get baseball mascots.
  OK, you get Mr.
 Met, you get the Philadelphia Fanatic and they tell you the history of baseball and a pepper's ghost.
  It's mixed in with pepper's ghost scenes on the field.
  Big plays on the field.
  So that's how you replicate it, because some players can like Babe Ruth calling a shot like some players can hit a ball like to a certain part of the stadium.
  And they are usually a once in a generation talents.
  They're like Babe Ruth or Shohei Otani.
  So they can't you're saying somebody can't do the Babe Ruth shot exactly three times a day.
  That's why the pipe is the PVC pipe is there to shoot the ball out.
  Yeah, some sort of energy, some thrust, some sort of air blast.
  Yeah.
 So and but a PVC pipe can also shoot the ball in the same part of the stands and everyone lines up early to get in that same part of the stands because every show you shoot out the ball.
  Someone gets to go away with a free souvenir.
  That's Disney, though.
 They're not going to do that.
  This isn't a Chuck E.
 Cheese show on the pier.
  They're not going to give things away.
  One baseball, like four or five baseballs a day.
  It's up, Jason.
  It's like those coins.
  It's like they give you a little souvenir coin or something.
  Maybe, maybe.
  But they also could do it where, like, you don't see everybody in, like, right field in the bleachers.
  And that's where the ball goes.
  So they could collect the ball at the end.
  Yeah.
  So I don't know.
  I could see it either way.
  I could see going either way.
  It's also dangerous to shoot a ball into the stands.
  That is very true.
  Yeah.
  Now, my father caught a foul ball at a baseball game a few years ago.
  Wow.
  And if he hadn't caught it, it would have given one of us brain damage.
  It was.
  We were behind home plate.
  He didn't want to.
  He had no choice.
  We were behind home plate and the thing shot up, which is a big net.
  That way? Oh, God.
  There's a big net there.
  Whoa.
  And it went straight and it came straight down on us.
  Wow.
  And he bare handed it.
  Geez, really?  Yeah.
  Hey, that's a good dad moment.
  Pretty good.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  When I was a kid, that was my problem with baseball.
  I had seen like one or two news reports about like a child died after getting hit by a baseball  in a little league game.
  And I was like, that's going to happen to me.
  I'm not graceful.
  I'm not good at catching these fly balls.
  I'm really not good at it.
  They don't often come very far into the outfield.
  And I was just like, I'm either going to get killed or I'm going to watch one of these two  coaches kill each other.
  Did you play sport like baseball, Scott?  Yeah, I made it to like coach pitch.
  Okay.
  What year is that?  I did.
  kindergarten?  No, like second grade.
  Okay.
  I guess that's about where we were at.
  Maybe.
  Did you ever see two dads almost go at it?  No, because I did.
  Oh, boy.
  Oh, yeah, I saw.
  I did too.
  It's like at one year.
  It's like every other game.
  It did.
  It's so funny because it was so upsetting to see as a kid.
  And thinking about it now, it is so funny.
  And doesn't make any sense.
  Anybody like any tooth damage?  There wasn't any like like beating within the inch of someone's life, but it was just  like screaming and I don't know.
  So maybe some pushing.
  And then it's funny now to imagine that those guys are younger than me right now.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like what was going on in their lives?  I think it's funny that sports come up so seldom on the show that this this is essentially  is like baseball has come up as a topic.
  Let's do well.
  Let's all do our baseball.
  Yeah, I I we have to have talked about based.
  No, I guess we probably didn't.
  Think about it.
  When would we have talked?  Have I talked about my favorite player was Andre Dawson on the Cubs?  I watched the Cubs like hardcore for a year when I was like in first grade and I loved  Andre Dawson and I was so excited.
  I met I mean, we met Mark Grace from the Chicago Cubs to at Woodfield Mall, which I believe  I brought up on the Woodfield episode.
  All right.
  All right.
  It came up via malls.
  It did end up there and horsed in their via malls.
  So thank God it was through some of the nonsense.
  But we got to we got to talk to some of my engineers who worked on this and figure out  what the hell I want to know everything about how they were going to do baseball game history,  baseball games, ghost base.
  They were going to do field of dreams every day, dreams every day.
  That's that's a home run.
  If I can steal.
  I mean, it is if you can figure it out.
  What is it?  I think it was going to be from the cornfield.
  You walk out of the cornfield.
  No, sure.
  You build baseball diamond in the cornfield.
  But then what's the show?  What do they do?  I think there was going to be songs.
  This is what I think.
  There's a lot of songs.
  There's a lot of routine.
  You do the seventh inning stretch.
  You do take me out to the ballgame.
  There's so many rituals associated with baseball.
  It's a compressed baseball game like right field, right field.
  I'm aiming for the sad like it's like Les Mis or something.
  We're going to the right field.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I think there were going to be songs.
  That's my guess.
  You're going to do right fielders anthem.
  Everybody.
  So there's less playing and more an original song about every position.
  The concessions sell themselves.
  I mean, the concessions are gold mine.
  Oh, yeah.
  You do hot dogs.
  You do cracker jacks.
  Disney.
  Ice cream and the little helmet cups.
  They didn't sell that back then, though, in the nineties.
  Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  Period.
  That doesn't matter.
  You think they would sell the little plastic helmets nowadays?  I think they would.
  Well, not back then, though.
  Blue sky.
  I bet they weren't going to do that.
  They would sell it the old fashioned way.
  That's my guess.
  Yeah.
  But maybe I'm wrong.
  It feels very Galaxy's edge where they wanted to remain period appropriate.
  OK.
  That's my guy.
  That's just from reading some of the material.
  This is my guess.
  It's a lot of like, you know, like Jason has a nice idea.
  What if there is helmet?  No, that is too fun.
  No, we can't do it.
  No fun.
  And speaking of that mentality, family farm, family farm pays homage to the working farm,  the heart of American visitors.
  See how crops are harvested.
  Learn how to make homemade ice cream or to milk a cow.
  Oh, no, no.
  Now that's not a touch point.
  I want you don't want to.
  Yeah.
  Jason, I think would have liked the cow part because Jason loved the animals as we talked  about Big Thunder Ranch.
  I did.
  Was one of his favorite places they got rid of and they had was it a cow there or was it  a horse?  I mean, the horse at Disneyland, obviously, but they had goats.
  Yeah, they had didn't they have one cow?  Am I crazy?  I think they would kind of rotate.
  Yeah.
  People in and out.
  So I think that Jason would have been involved in this.
  Now, Scott, I think you're talking about a section of a park where you would learn how  to live with the land.
  And I think maybe this is what is triggering you here is that this is a very similar to  buy some house.
  There'd be a house like a sad looking boy and a dog.
  That's right.
  And there's grain waving and waving in the wind.
  And the same from the it's the other side of the field of dreams.
  The side of the field of dreams.
  It's grain on this side and corn on that side.
  All right.
  You can repeat the grain.
  And if you look closely when you turn around when you're walking, you can see the baseball  players come back through and walk on the other side of the grain.
  Go back to hell.
  Vloggers like vloggers would just be furious of like Disney has had another fumble.
  Again, the mites have come for the grain at the corner, bordering these two territories.
  Just put some fake ones in.
  Yeah.
  Michael Eisner demanded real grain.
  I will say this.
  The description of this, though, does not excite me like baseball, like historical baseball  players playing a game or anything.
  There's nothing.
  The word hootenanny in the barn.
  The for the phrase doesn't appear anywhere.
  You're missing something.
  You're missing something.
  We have it's not as crazy as we're going to do daily baseball games.
  But there is a there's this talk of maybe a barn dance.
  And there is talk of.
  Oh, OK.
  If there wasn't already the insanity of a baseball game, we'd be meditating on this  more, which is that there would be a show you would basically you would get to visit  a country wedding.
  You go to a wedding at the.
  I do.
  I go to a wedding in a barn.
  I do like that.
  That is, I do enjoy the sound of it.
  Yeah.
  You want to sit at a wedding, an old wedding in a barn of people you don't know.
  Well, OK.
  What does that mean?  What are we dealing with here?  Are they all performers?  Are they actually hosting real weddings every day?  It can't be because it's in the past.
  They can't unless they can find enough people who want to do period weddings every day,  which may be they might be able to.
  I think this is a show in the show.
  We have the show that is baseball and the show that is wedding, the show that is wedding.
  But it's a country wedding.
  It's a country.
  And it's a barn dance.
  The barn dance related to the wedding.
  It might be after that.
  And I think it's possible that a buffet that happens after is technically the catering of the wedding.
  So this is like a Tony and Tina's wedding.
  So if we're in that territory, imagine a Disney, Tony and Tina wedding.
  This sounds better.
  Jason put it like that.
  Yeah.
  When the Imagineers located in Glendale, California, were coming up with real, authentic country weddings.
  So maybe it's like the Hoopty Doo review, which is in Florida, which is like a barbecue thing and a southern show.
  Maybe it's like this.
  That's fun, right?  I think that I've never seen either.
  I think it's fun.
  I'm surprised I haven't seen it because it seems like it's right up my alley.
  So if it's fun like that, then yes, this sounds like a great idea.
  Now, is it possible they just want to show you exactly how an old wedding was and how like maybe they're doing a full Catholic ceremony  in the church and you have to go through an hour of like the scripture, which if you've ever done this, I assume you have the full Catholic in the church wedding.
  Probably.
  It takes blocked it out.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
  It's like we've all been to weddings where like it's not the ones we have the fake ones we all do or somebody's friend.
  Yes, somebody's friend does it.
  They make a little joke.
  That's not what weddings are.
  No one is speaking Latin.
  But I've even I've even been in a church for a wedding where my friends have been like cut off, like telling like the priest, like we don't want this.
  We don't want you to talk about this.
  Let's just say a couple of the nice passages and then let's get the show on the road here.
  We're in the church for my family and that's it.
  Let's get us.
  But then I've also been to the ones where they do the full like mass, the full like Catholic mass before the part of the wedding.
  Yes, I think that's the full of the real.
  If you're doing a real Catholic wedding, I think I think, correct me if I'm wrong, audience, that you do kind of a full mass beforehand and then the wedding goes on and boy, it drags.
  That is because that's an hour right there.
  Exactly.
  Then you have to do other.
  Then it's the wedding and then you go to a different place to enjoy yourself.
  So if they're trying to be appropriate, like period appropriate, perhaps they would do the full mass here.
  I don't know.
  I'm not exactly sure.
  I don't know that a full mass is really a part of a country wedding.
  Well, as I said, I said, I shouldn't assume I don't know the religion of these country people that would hypothetical.
  Oh, it's something bad.
  Oh, they're bad.
  Maybe it's a full.
  Is there a full Baptist like ceremony before the actual wedding itself?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  There's a section where somebody's relative shames the bride and groom for having looked into each other's eyes before before getting married.
  The preacher is.
  Wait, did you did you guys watch that?  I remember watching this as well.
  The pandemic, the Robert Pattinson Tom Holland movie.
  Oh, God, what is it called?  It's based on like some dark series, a really dark writer.
  And it's like in the like middle of like the border of Kentucky and another state.
  And that is the one where Robert Pattinson said, I do not need a dialogue coach.
  And he's a preacher and the voice he comes out with.
  It's kind of like it.
  So like like Scott Townsend doing the Queen of England sort of.
  But he's like a fire brimstone kind of con man preacher.
  All right.
  And that's what that's what it should.
  I mean, that would be a hell of a show.
  It should be like Uncle Baby Billy.
  Oh, yeah.
  Doing the wedding from Righteous Gemstones.
  Yes.
 So there's a version.
  There's a fun version and there's a less fun version.
  So who know?  Again, we don't really know, right?  Like we didn't.
  We know these.
  And like, OK, these details are all out and readable.
  But who knows what would have been cut?  Who knows?  I don't think they were exactly doing the math yet of how these shows are going to work.
  It might all have been cut.
  Yeah, it feels like what would have happened was basically it's just like a dining hall  buffet style.
  There'd be a stage and it'd be like, here you are.
  We're at like Judy's Wedding.
  We're here with for.
  It's like it's more of a backstory than that's my guess.
  That feels like the easiest way to do it from like moving from one venue to the dance hall  and to this.
  That seems that seems like that would have been cut.
  Here is the concept art from that executive summary of the farm.
  I don't know if it's in the brochure.
  And while I think it's a nice picture, it's not the most inspiring piece of theme park  concept art.
  It is just a painting of a farmhouse and some fields and a barn.
  It's well, we it's not might be not the nicest land you've ever seen.
  Right.
  We make a good, honest living here.
  This is definitely.
  This is definitely.
  Yeah, they probably had to illustrate it like that because they wanted to show like this  is realistic.
  We're doing it real.
  It's not like Mickey's barn.
  It's not Mickey's.
  No, it's not for some reason.
  Higings happen.
  You think like a big hose has comical leaks in it.
  No kids get shot in the face and get cooled in the summer.
  No, no, no.
  Silo is used to store grain.
  There's nothing wacky going on here.
  A thrilling through line where every other whole family is like, is grandma's pie going  to cool in time for dinner?  The cousins are coming.
  And then a surprise where.
  For two towns over.
  Surprise twist where some visitor named Jason takes it.
  Sneaks away with it.
  No, no.
  They carved code.
  They carved hobo code in our fence post.
  That's how we knew to get the pie.
  Jason faces off with a crafty coyote over the pie.
  So this one sounds familiar to you as well.
  You know, early California adventure at a farm.
  Is it a crazy fun farm?  No, it's a farm that you look at and appreciate what farmers had to do and have to do to this  day.
  So a lot of these odd Eisner ideas are born here.
  And maybe as a result of all this, Eisner's and.
  Everything that we just said, I didn't are genuinely.
  I mean, he was portraying this and his biography, this old second chapter about it.
  Like this completely was a passion.
  This is like a home run.
  It loves every bit of it dying to get it done.
  So we got it and they came in to Virginia with model full plan.
  All right, here you go, everybody.
  How much do you want to make?  How much do you love it?  Boo, tomatoes, boo.
  Instant bad reaction.
  And here's where it gets odd is that, OK, the response, because it seems like as time  went on, because they're like, all right, the city was not mad that they quietly bought  up the land city.
  I think happy that's going to bring jobs.
  Sure.
  It's going to be good for the for the area.
  This is a good thing.
  Residents, I think, happy for the same reasons this could be.
  And residents, I think, had tried to make a mall happen on the same property on that  Exxon land.
  And it fell apart because a bunch of historians and people trying to preserve the grounds,  you know, got angry at it and then it didn't happen.
  So if that happened for some mall that is not, you know, related to a firebrand like  lightning rod kind of company, imagine what happens when the Disney name is attached.
  Yeah, it's it sounds like there's so much if you watch there's a great defunct land  video, of course, about this topic that we are featured in.
  And I will be honest with all three of all three of you.
  I'm also, by the way, think there's an extra host that's not here.
  I forgot that we are in this video.
  It was so long ago.
  Different world.
  I go, oh, yeah, there's a defunct video.
  I should just kind of watch this in the background while I'm just to refresh some of this stuff.
  And the first voice I hear is my own.
  It's you.
  Your eyes.
  Your eyes.
  I'm Isner.
  I think I did a bad job.
  Honestly, I think my voice is a little better now.
  It's not great, but I really was like, I hate I hated how I sounded on this.
  But I was trying to be Eisner and you beat me out.
  We both.
  Yeah, yeah, we both sent her both.
  I don't think I had a choice.
  I was pervert Senator Congressman Larry Craig.
  That's you.
  Yes, I was I was watching it again and I was like, who is Jason again?  And then Jason is Larry Craig, Larry Craig, the wide stance man.
  You don't remember the wide stance man.
  I don't know.
  There's a bathroom stall thing.
  It was a bathroom stall.
  It was like cruising in an airport.
  You know, it seems harmless nowadays.
  No, it was a yeah, it was quaint.
  Well, that's fine.
  That's a good part.
  That's at least a meaty part.
  So, yeah, I mean, the video is great.
  Takes you through all of it.
  But so one important thing about when this happens, I mean, undeniably,  Eisner is inspired by Ken Burns and that we are in the wake of Ken Burns Civil War.
  It's Ken Burns mania out there, which means it wasn't just Ken who got some fame off of this thing.
  The historians, the historians are rock stars or as much as you can be.
  For being a Civil War historian.
  So David McCullough and Shelby Foote are, you know,  recognized once in a while when they're going to the market.
  Right.
  But these are suddenly more than ever.
  These are names that are trusted.
  And when these people got on board with the rebellion,  with the people who the group that is trying to stop this thing from getting built,  they lend so much, you know, credence and weight to everybody's making these impassioned arguments  that are essentially like this is the end of all of America.
  If we let this like as if this is like the ultimate battle for our culture.
  Like the hyperbole of these people was totally insane.
  Yeah.
  David McCullough and what's the other one?  Doerr's Curran's Goodwin kind of perennial nonfiction bestsellers.
  Doerr's Curran's Goodwin used to be on The Daily Show a lot.
  She wrote that team of rivals book about like Lincoln filling his cabinet with a bunch of rivals.
  So, yeah, did you catch the bit about Disney's attempt to show where we can do American history?  We're pretty good at it where they showed them the American adventure and Epcot.
  And they're like, well, what do you think?  And they were like, no, that was the best.
  That was your attempt.
  They were warmer towards the Hall of Presidents.
  But just the idea of like, we got this in the bag.
  We're going to show them the American adventure.
  Yeah, things it was deep into the process and things are going badly with the historians.
  And Eisner's like, but you know what?  You don't know.
  And he now makes a point in his book, like which had not been updated since 1982.
  All presidents went over better because it was the latter day version with Maya Angelou  and acknowledge some of the darker stuff.
  Eisner's book says that first stop of that little trip of like, see, we can do real stuff was the making of me.
  The Martin Short film that we did a picture and episode about that's a Disney sex ed film, which I was trying to remember the.
  That's OK.
 So they thought, all right.
  So historians, you're going to calm down about this.
  And then they sat him down in a theater and watched to watch Martin Short say, remember that sperm my dad had.
  Senator Larry Craig's like, oh, I like it.
  Tell me more.
  I like and all the when reading about the historians, it really makes it seem like they're the avengers of historians.
  Like they've teamed up like they say they teamed up, which makes me like.
  And then the historians were presented in the historians to me and maybe just because I have comic book brain, but they feel like the watchers or the like the Eternals or something.
  Oh, yeah.
 The historians are here to stop the Disney company.
  And I mean, they they helped, certainly.
  You know, it was in the in the end game Infinity War that was Disney versus everyone else.
  I would say the historians did help the team.
  They did come through those portals at the end and helped.
  And they're facing off against like a handful of Congress people and Governor of Virginia.
  Sure.
 The people on Disney side.
 Right.
  Some local residents.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, the whole the campaign was kind of mounted by this.
  Now, this is some of the issue, I think, that I have with it.
  All right.
 You know, look, we went through it.
  A couple of those rides sound OK, but this place sounds pretty annoying.
  And I am sure there would have been the issue of why are we trying?  We're getting a firework show out of this horrible conflict with very serious issues at the core.
  But there would have been those problems with this place.
  And that's what public perception like that's the hill that this all died on.
  But I do think that a big aspect of the campaign against Disney's America was wealthy property owners being concerned what this would do to their property value and to that like, is it going to make a bunch of trash pop up around here?  Right.
 I mean, I saw the term NIMBY not in my backyard.
  That is kind of the and this is Eisner's point.
  And can you take Eisner at his word? And should you?  Possibly not.
 But what he comes down to in his book and any time it comes up is like, well, what I didn't realize is that there were these incredibly wealthy families all over Virginia and that they went and called the historians and, hey, can you help us get this thing out of here?  And then so maybe it was like a not in good faith.
  They didn't care so much about the like philosophical issues.
  Just like I would not say I know the motivations of the Eternals or of the Avengers or the X-Men.
  I don't know the motivations of the historians, but I will say anytime something happens in this country, if you just dig a little bit, it's usually because some very rich people either didn't want something to happen or did want something to happen.
  So I will believe that.
  That's a story seems plausible for that.
  That story seems plausible for that reason.
  Well, I think just commercially and culture, Disney was shorthand for commercialization for like entertainment run amok capitalism run amok.
  Sure.
 Yeah, that is less of a concern nowadays because everything is everything is everything is just everything is run amok.
  Disney owns everything.
  Yeah, Disney owns everything.
  Yes.
 Yeah, we are well past amok.
  Yeah, we're well past like there's tact and we can all agree this was good.
  This is our respectful.
  Soon as soon as you to put that song in the iPod commercial, it was all over.
  As soon as Vertigo was in that iPod commercial.
  You think it was?  I thought you meant putting the album on the.
  No, that was after that was after.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm talking about.
  Hello.
 Hello.
  We're at a place called Vertigo in that.
  I think it was that song.
  Yeah, that early with the black and fluorescent like people in the is that what you're talking about with the dancing?  There was there was but there were dancing in all the iPod commercials.
  I feel like.
  OK, but I don't know.
  I could be wrong.
  That might not have been the end of everything.
  Yeah, I don't believe so.
  But I just remembered it being a big moment when like a band was going to use their song for a commercial or something.
  What? Oh, yeah.
  So the you're saying the perception was that you two was to it's all finally selling out.
  You two had sold out this extremely.
  Could I get a quick rogue punk band?  Yeah, yeah, that's they were they had been completely pure up until that point and then it was all over.
  I in comparing and contrasting then and now like so there's like quotes about what this thing was going to do that were just so.
  Melodramatic.
  Here's one conservative columnist Charlotte Allen says that Disney's America will bring about nothing less than the certain destruction of all that is left in northern Virginia of a traditional family and church centered rural way of life.
  Huh? Huh?  This is going to destroy.
  Then I was like, what's up with Charlotte Allen?  I never heard that name before.
  Looked it up.
  Looked it up.
 Looked her up on Twitter.
  I can't tell you how many times she has retreat retreated Scott Adams in the last three.
  Oh, my.
  Oh, wow.
  Every day, Scott.
  There is a new Dilbert centric issue in America.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Yeah, like evolution denier.
  Besides all the expected transphobic racist stuff.
  So she probably wasn't upset that like it was going to make history look too kind to to like the presidents and stuff.
  She was probably worried that like like the they would sell Little Mermaid with the penis cover or something like she was probably worried for like that weird puritanical thing.
  I'm guessing this is my guess.
  I don't know her.
  I just know she retweeted.
  Scott Adams is new information.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So she was worried Disney was going to corrupt.
  It's one of those that I love that there's so little culture on that side of things that everyone has to pretend they love Dilbert.
  Now we love Lee Greenwood and Dilbert.
  We're fine with that.
  We have we don't need Beyonce on our side.
  We prefer to read Dilbert and then go far.
  We've got Dennis Miller and Adam Carolla.
  Hollywood is quaking in its boots at this new.
  Oh, Jason.
  What is it called?  The Gina Carana movie.
  Something on the prairie.
  Everyone calls it the Gina Carana.
  Something on the prairie is what it's called.
  I think it's all quiet on the prairie.
  It's called Gina is Back.
  Gina is Back.
  Scared Hollywood.
  No, we don't.
  Should we stop thinking about her the second this?  There are hundreds of movies no one's ever heard of made every day here.
  We are supposed to be scared because you made a sub red box.
  No one cares.
  I mean, just so articles are just insane.
  You know, could there have been some problems with this?  Would this have been on the weaker end of Disney Park?  Very possibly.
  But like, oh, my God, I would.
  Frank Rich was writing about how this is going to bring prostitutes and drugs to the area.
  Yeah, famous Disney byproducts.
  Yeah.
  And then he says, Will Colonial Williamsburg itself, a doctored imitation of history and a precursor of Disneyland, add audio animatronic Colonials to its cast of actors?  Which I say that sounds awesome.
  You go to Colonial Williamsburg, it's a colonist robots walking around.
  Great.
 Yeah.
  What would be the problem?  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Be better.
  Yeah.
  Look, they were ready.
  I don't think this would have sunk the country.
  No, this would have been something to laugh at constantly.
  Yeah.
 Like, is it still there?  There's something that was hilarious.
  There's still the Industrial Revolution.
  The actors still have to do the baseball shows.
  This is for people in the stance that the night time spectacular.
  It's down to one battleship.
  The other one's been broken for 10 years, but they're still pretending it's there.
  It's been in B mode.
  Only one ship.
  They just say it's there in the distance, but you can't see it.
  You hear sound effects.
  You hear it, but you can't see it.
  Hold the ship up.
  I'm trying.
  But yeah, no, this wouldn't have rotted our brains any more than hundreds of other things  that rotted our brains as kids.
  No, no.
  And like with as proof of that, the whole thing.
  OK, so again, let me go back to a point from the beginning.
  By the time this got to America at large, and what is it that plastic Disney wants to do?  They want to build on top of a Civil War battlefield.
  Even these historians are writing like they want to remove real history and place put synthetic history.
  Wrong.
  This was some plot of land that Exxon had.
  They weren't going to do anything to the battlefield.
  They were not going to touch it.
  Really strange that that became but like as Eisner talks about, that was when you lost the battle of perception, you're sunk.
  And he should have got up in a press conference and look Exxon hoped there was oil under here.
  There wasn't.
  So they sold us.
  This land is not the land that you think it is.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Should have like he should have.
  Eisner should have got out there in the way that Jay should have got out there.
  Jay Leno early on when he was having a few with Letterman.
  Howie Mandel says he should have gotten out there and defended himself against David Letterman.
  That's what how he's very insistent on it.
  That's what Eisner should have done here.
  Should have gotten out ahead of it and drawn a big picture, a big map and shown where everything was and defended himself.
  Yeah, he did.
  Is the issue.
  He said some stuff that got him in hot water.
  I would say Jay.
  Jay Leno was right to not defend himself in the early 90s.
  You're saying Jay's point won.
  I don't know why Howie Mandel is backseat driving.
  You should have fought Letterman.
  Why?  He won.
  Why are we going over this again?  And mainly, Mike, why are you watching it?  I've recently upped to the amount of punishing content I've been watching.
  It has been.
  If listeners think you've heard too much about Club Random, we get a new alert personally handed to us from Mike every week.
  Oh, John McEnroe's on.
  John McEnroe's on Club Random.
  I don't know what happened.
  Oh, whatever Charlotte Allen thought was going to happen to Virginia.
  It's happening to your brain.
  Something's wrong with my brain.
  I feel like we were just talking about John McEnroe just being a guy that's around.
  Yeah, we talked about in the CalPACUS episode.
  Yeah.
  And then days later, that's why I sent it.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because recent McEnroe discussion, recent McEnroe.
  No.
  Okay, so no, Eisner, he went on the defensive big time.
  He, when the notion of these historians who he's going up against comes up, he says to the Washington Post in the same interview where he said the thing Jason brought up of like, oh, they were going to be raising up, everybody's going to be raising us above their shoulders.
  Yeah.
  Then he says, I sat through many history classes where I read some of their stuff and I didn't learn anything.
  It was pretty boring.
  I guess I can say that I object to some of their stuff.
  So Eisner does go, oh, the historians have a problem?  Snooze, boo.
  Yeah.
  We make rides where you get to sit on an elephant.
  Okay.
  So you want to come at me and say we're the problem?  Michael Eisner gives the most Homer Simpson like response to the historians.
  Also, yeah.
  Boo.
  I got to ask, Mike, which ones did you read?  Tell us.
  Because when I was in history class, we were all reading the same bullshit whitewashed history textbook that everyone else wants.
  You know that he was reading the books of the people he's fighting against.
  That's madness.
  Now there's some revisionist history from Michael, but it all put him on the defensive.
  And there was a full page article in one of the big newspapers with a big picture of Eisner.
  I'm sorry.
  A full page ad.
  The picture of Eisner that said the man who would destroy history.
  Little did they know if they just waited a little longer, we'd have a few of those.
  It's a different CEO.
  It's a different 90s CEO who would be the man who would destroy history.
  Yeah.
  The man who would destroy history.
  Sounds like a great novel like the Jason would read.
  Like a great kind of pulpy novel.
  Sounds like the man who sold the world.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  It's a very cool title.
  It is a cool title.
  If they haven't.
  But now they have to go fight with Congress.
  This group is powerful enough to, now Congress has to hear about it and they have to talk to somebody named Senator Dale Bumpers.
  And then, and that's all right.
  We all punish ourselves with it.
  Did I watch the full five hour C-span?  I did not.
  That seems awful.
  There's some fun quotes.
  I feel like Perjurer did for his video.
  He for sure did.
  He had that odd run about like a guy saying, I don't know if Mickey's going to wear blue or gray.
  That was Jason's line in it.
  You read that part?  Larry, that's Larry Craig.
  Oh, no kidding.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So this is bad.
  This is just awful for PR.
  Frank Rich is yelling at him and David McCullough is yelling.
  It's just not going great.
  Over the course of this, one odd thing that happens.
  So one of the things that they're getting hit with is it's going to be sanitized whitewashed history.
  So an Imagineer, Bob Weiss, who is a major figure today and in Imagineering Story, he goes on the defensive and he says, this is not a Pollyanna view of history.
  We want to make you feel what it was like to be a slave or what it was like to escape through the Underground Railroad.
  Oh, yeah.
  Everyone pretty quickly started tugging on their shirt collars for that one.
  Everyone was like, and pretty quickly, the slave attraction or museum was caught.
  The question is, was there even going to be such a thing?  Had they even gotten so far as to figure out, like, is there literally, you are a slave?  I mean, I hope not.
  That doesn't sound.
.
.
  Again, it's a thing that you could do in a museum and it would be very affecting and moving in a museum, but really weird to do it in a Disney.
  Right, because you're getting charged like a hundred dollars that's going into Disney's pocket and then you're buying a turkey leg.
  Yes, the for-profit nature of it.
  Yeah, if they want to do some really expensive, highly Imagineered thing that gives you a nice history lesson and puts you back in that period.
  All right, sure.
  But you're buying Donald in the Tri-Corner hat on the way out.
  Like all of that stuff surrounding it is what makes.
.
.
  Why did they not just do, it's an old timey town?  Why do they ever think they needed to do any of this or tackle any of.
.
.
  Like these are only hornet's nests.
  Well, they got.
.
.
  It's what we've been saying.
  The hubris starts.
  It starts there.
  And then as they start running into like the reality of all of this, they try to keep correcting.
  And then you end up with this like, what are we doing here?  What?  Oh, a thousand percent.
  Well, to get into that, yes.
  This Bob Weiss quote ruined everything.
  He's obviously still a major Disney figure, so he was not thrown under the bus.
  But he left.
  But Eisner.
.
.
  He left after this.
  Oh, really?  He was one of the main people.
  Oh.
  And if you recall, he started his own company.
  Remember?  No, this guy's in Imagineering Story.
  Bob Weiss.
  Did he leave and come back?  No, no, I'm saying he left.
  And I always heard, I forget where I read that, he left to like, let the heat die down.
  He was senior vice president, so he could easily start his own consulting company.
  And then that one dive video we found was credited to Bob Weiss' productions.
  Was his company?  Oh, that's interesting.
  Yeah.
  And then eventually does come back and I think helps save some other projects.
  Oh, that's crazy.
  Okay, okay.
  So, they recently kind of retired into a consulting business, you know, when they kind  of put people out the baster and they're going to be a consultant or they're going to be  a liaison.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, he got sort of like, railroaded on this and Eisner said, that's a person who does  not usually talk to the public.
  So, they told us and him.
  So now they have to start going, well, okay, we can't just say stuff like that if we're  not going to and that doesn't say.
.
.
  So, anything that we present to the public now has to be much more manicured and they  had to really start thinking of these things through the lens of history.
  One big thing, the name, the name itself, Disney's America was trouble for them because  that implies like ownership or it's our version of America.
  They thought that they were, like people were going to be like, Disney thinks they own America?  Yeah.
  Like, which is, I guess they do in some ways.
  So.
.
.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So, you don't want to invite that.
  But they have to start backing off of that and we end up with, they, Imagineers keep  developing and it turns into something else and now it's called Disney's American Celebration.
  Some of the thought behind all this is, okay, we have to look at, like they're looking at  each attraction one by one.
  They go, okay, can we have the fun?  But also, like is it insulting to not deal with the issue at the foot here?  Like the Lewis and Clark ride.
  We can do that, but maybe we should not also be talking about manifest destiny.
  Yeah.
  As part of it.
  No, it doesn't sound right.
  That seems like a little heavy to tackle in a queue for a you will get wet ride.
  Yeah, a ride where you're going to get your pants wet.
  Like you don't need.
.
.
  But other ones, they determined, you know what, we cannot figure out this balance.
  This is in Eisner's book, The Industrial Revolution, the roller coaster.
  They decided it would trivialize and even demean the attempt to portray the steel mill  realistically.
  I mean, this is what are we doing?  Again, what are we doing here, folks?  I mean, that's what you lose?  We're a little bit concerned about the portrayal of Native Americans and stuff, but we're actually  very concerned about the steel mills.
  We don't want to offend the mill.
  The mill itself.
  The building.
  The buildings will be offended, which we care more about, which I guess is really.
.
.
  Isn't that just capitalism, baby?  The production, you know?  I mean, if they really want to talk about positives coming out of the Industrial Revolution,  the organized labor movement, the five day work week with the weekend.
  It sounds like kick ass rides.
  It sounds like kick ass rides.
  And also while Disney has benefited from those things, is people will have more leisure time  and more money.
  They also in house aren't the craziest.
  They're not really wild about unions.
  Fire, you know, here's what I say, unionized manageneering.
  They have that reputation where they hire a bunch of people for projects and then they  fire them all.
  They've been getting away with that for way too long.
  Oh yeah, the whole history of it for sure.
  So we start changing it into American celebration.
  No more.
.
.
  We don't want to offend the mill.
  It all just becomes like.
.
.
  And some of this comes from Jim Hill and there's a Collider article that I think Drew Taylor  wrote.
  There's details about this and we don't have time to go through all of this, but like literally,  I don't know how they make these calculations.
  It's not the little colonial town you enter anymore.
  Now you enter through an area called democracy and then it has things called America, a user's  guide, the American free speech forum and the American hall of fame.
  What?  What's happening?  Why would you want to do this?  And then they stop referring to them by the like crazy roaring 20s kind of names and it  just becomes family, creativity and fun, work.
  All right, so I think we did everything there is to do in service and sacrifice.
  Do you want to go have lunch at work?  Well can I read the streets of America, the food options?  This is truly one of the weirdest presentations.
  Chicago, Chicago style pizza.
  Los Angeles, Hispanic and fast food.
  New Orleans, Cajun, New York City, Jewish deli food.
  St.
 Louis, barbecued ribs.
  San Francisco, Chinese.
  What?  This again, you've tried to, you've broken it down too far.
  This park, I think a big thing about this park, it shows the limits of like everything's  a story.
  Everything's an adventure.
  Maybe, maybe go back to the drawing board, you know?  Where can you buy hard tech is what I would say.
  Well obviously at the Civil War.
  Oh, okay.
  At the fort.
  Where you'd sit in the bleachers for the battle of the monitor and the merry man.
  You would just nibble on some hard tech.
  I'm sure they'd get great wholesale prices at heart for hard tech.
  Sure.
  Have you ever had hard tech?  I think I was shown to me at one of the many colonial.
  I didn't say have you looked at hard tech.
  I don't know if I've ever eaten hard tech.
  Well let's get you some hard tech.
  I know Fatback is just really fatty bacon, essentially.
  Okay, we're going to get you some hard tech for Christmas.
  Sure.
  Okay.
  It's like a thick biscuit?  Yeah, it's like a, it like lasts for a really long time.
  Okay.
  But I'm not going to give it to you right away.
  I'm going to buy it, but I won't give it to you right away because it lasts so long.
  Oh, that's fair.
  I just want to test it.
  So you'll get it for next Christmas.
  Buy it this Christmas and give it next Christmas.
  I can age it.
  Do you want aged hard tech?  Like a year and a half aged?  Um, up to you.
  You know?  I'll think about it.
  One thing this was going to have was just the land, a new version of the land.
  Again, what you were saying about, yeah, now I get to see a fire.
  They just would have had a land.
  This sounds even more boring than the life of America.
  It shows the profound changes that can happen in a single day, a single year and in a thousand  years.
  What is this?  Who is coming to that?  We're cutting the mine car coaster.
  That's done.
  We're putting in the life of America and then in work, there's a tour of factories like  Crayola crayons.
  Well, like Ben and Jerry's.
  I mean, I guess seeing the Crayola crayon factory, I would go to once a week if it was  near here.
  I guess so.
  Yeah.
  I was obsessed with that.
  Mm hmm.
  Like the Mr.
 Rogers video where they would show you how the crayons were made.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's not so bad.
  That was in Pennsylvania.
  One of them.
  Oh, did you do it?  I am not sure if I ever got up there.
  I don't think I did.
  I think my brother did on a school trip.
  You would remember.
  Yeah, I would remember it.
  Then you got Disney's America Live where you could listen to a 1940s era swing band concert  at the USO Bandstand.
  Yeah, all right.
  Losing some of the hosts, but not all.
  Ben and Jerry's crayons and a big band swing party?  Jason Sheridan is going to be right there.
  Yeah.
  He would never move to the West Coast.
  Dorsey Brothers.
  He would not be in here.
  I watch the Legends of Baseball play and I watch the Legends of Swing Swing.
  Waving my little pennant that says Dorsey Brothers.
  It's so funny that they were like, this thing evolved into being like way tackier.
  Like tackier sounding to me.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  I think it's a cleaner name, Disney's American Celebration.
  I don't know.
  I think that's kind of a funky corporate.
  Yeah, I get why the people were criticizing the other one, but I don't know.
  I like it better.
  Do you guys want to hear a little bit of thoughts from the man himself?  Please, of course, yes.
  From Michael Eisner about this.
  Sure.
  I think we have one Terry Gross about this very issue and there's some interesting parts  of this discussion.
  I love the words Disney's America.
  I think it describes exactly what it is.
  It's a park.
  It's a park that teaches history using Disney techniques.
  I think the Museum of Tolerance or the Holocaust Museum more accurately in Washington uses  a lot of Disney technique.
  A lot of Disney people worked on that.
  All sorts of walkthroughs and use of multimedia effects.
  That's what I thought it meant.
  I didn't think it meant that Annette Funicello was going to be the Queen of America.
  So it was a long walk to get to that.
  Americanette.
  Yeah.
  I mean, again, we're finding ways to appeal to most people in this room.
  Swing music.
  Annette.
  They didn't want to do it.
  They didn't want to do Annette.
  So he again, the issue is those things are not making Disney like massive amounts of  money and selling tacky plush.
  Uh huh.
  That like, sure, similar people work on museums and work on exhibits and work on things that  are imagineered in some way.
  We did the Van Gogh thing that was been going around a couple months ago.
  Oh yeah.
  And that's very imagineered.
  There's music.
  There's like, it's presenting his art on the walls and like a movement.
  And honestly, it was in 360 now that I'm thinking about it.
  Oh, oh.
  And I felt it was too much.
  Honestly, I felt it was too much.
  Too many degrees.
  And I'm not doing this for the bit.
  I remember going, it'd be better if it was like 240 or 250.
  Wow.
  But it was still pretty cool to see.
  So his point is correct that similar people who do work can present historical moments  in a classy way.
  It's just that this was not going to be it.
  When he started getting real defensive, it became like, you know, we're not even going  to make that much money off of this thing.
  We're doing this for you.
  Yeah, right.
  We've gotten pretty bad at a few things, okay?  So then, all right, we're already at Disney's American Celebration.
  Now it's a swing band venue.
  And then the news hits that it has to be closed four months out of the year.
  Then he has a massive heart operation and Frank Wells dies.
  And this is kind of documented in this very interview and in the purger video.
  He just didn't have the heart for it.
  He didn't have like the stamina for the fight at this time.
  So they back down, but we're very like, we're going to not do it here, here, but we're going  to do it somewhere.
  So you didn't look, we're doing a historical park.
  No, we are not backing down.
  And then, of course, years have gone by and they have not.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think, I mean, Frank, maybe if he had lived, Frank, he was always like presented in all  this material, like the good cop, essentially, Eisner's crazy cop.
  So I wonder, yeah, like would he have talked Michael completely out of it or would he have  figured out a way to do it and have smoothed out relations with government and press and  everything?  Who knows?  I'm just saying it's interesting to think about.
  But yeah, he never, he never got to see it.
  I'd like to think he would have said stop.
  Yeah, I sure.
  Build some rides somewhere.
  I feel like it would have been very good too, because, you know, we talked about elements  of this showed up in the parks, you know, a lot in California Adventure.
  There was the one proposed, like when Knott's Berry Farm was up for sale.
  Yeah, they were like, oh, well, we could do this.
  We could buy and do Disney's America there.
  A big reason being they had a recreation of Independence Hall and that seemed to be a  big driver.
  And we are.
  Look, they already have an independent.
  We might as well buy it, redo all of it bit by bit.
  Ghost town basically the same.
  We'll keep another air.
  Well, there's they have rapids.
  We can make that the Lewis and Clark thing.
  Mystery Lodge, like there's sort of the Native American.
  Right.
  Yes.
  So and there's Johnny Rockets there.
  And that's an apple pie.
  It's a perfect recreation of the 1950s.
  And the Knott's family said no, basically.
  No, this is I find the story fishy.
  I find it really strange.
  I agree with that.
  No, Disney comes in.
  Here's money.
  You know, what year is that?  Do we know? I think they were in dire.
  They weren't in dire straits yet where they had when they said they were just  thinking about selling it.
  They were like, yeah, mulling, mulling it over.
  But they were maybe like they wanted Knott's Berry Farm to be kept.
  We want to sell Knott's Berry Farm.
  We don't want it to turn into some.
  Yeah, they wanted it pristine, much like the Manassas battlefield was kept pristine  by the National Park Service, which OK, so this brings me to this.
  Perhaps my final point is the whole like we need to band together.
  We the homeowners who don't even live in this county need to team up  with historians who don't seem to understand what Disney is actually going to do.
  We need to protect our precious Manassas, which nothing is going to happen to.
  And something is happening five miles away from it.
  I was like, what's going on over there today?  Two miles away, much closer  within two miles of the precious Manassas battlefield.
  There is a golden corral and a cracker barrel.
  So hell, yeah, like all that shit suddenly went out the window.
  Fountain, baby golden corral.
  Oh, yes.
  I've never seen a commercial golden corral.
  There's a big chocolate fountain.
  I have never been.
  I've wanted to go with Jason for many years and we've never found the time.
  Oh, you got it.
 Haven't rushed back to Buffet's quite yet.
  We have not been back to the base.
  Here, food area, big chocolate fountain.
  I think maybe I heard they stopped running the fountain during Covid.
  I hopefully it's back, though.
  The only change they did shut off the valve.
  We don't let you put your face in it anymore.
  For some reason, yeah, they found there was a lot of Covid in the chocolate.
  So they had to turn it off because it couldn't be.
  It's better to have a still chocolate than moving chocolate.
  Oh, yeah.
 It moves all the particles around.
  Exactly.
 It alive.
  There's also, again, closer to the field than Disney's America would have been.
  There is a mall called Bull Run Plaza,  and that contains an Olive Garden and a trampoline park.
  Oh, awesome.
 So and by the way, I'm not against any of these things.
  I like all of this bullshit.
  But like what how come those are all fine?  Much closer than this would have been.
  There's a smaller footprint, I suppose.
  They're just a closer footprint.
  And also, if they're so like it's the synthetic history  and we are not preserving, oh, well, now Bull Run Plaza with the marshals  and the TJ, that seems like it'll be a very nice tribute to those who died that day.
  The park would have been bigger.
  That's what I think.
  They would have been bigger.
  I mean, they had all sorts of blue sky and RV park homes.
  Oh, yes.
 I guess you could argue they thought perhaps, yes,  this would become like Disney World and they would slowly take over DC.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, possibly.
  If you if it's like an infection, you know, if you let it,  if you let it fester here for a little bit, they'll take over.
  Don't worry.
  The bacterial infection didn't take, but the viral one did.
  And then where would we be at if Disney had fully imagineered all of Washington, DC?  Would it have been better than all those statues would be talking?  We know that.
 Well, we'd like that.
  Lincoln would say hide.
  That's true.
 Seems like more fun to me.
  It does seem like more fun.
  The fence outside the White House would have little Mickey  faces on it so you don't jump it because you get impaled on one of them.
  As it will if Iger runs.
  That's yes.
 That's a good point.
  We're not out of those woods.
  I hope he has those on his mansion.
  Mansions.
  I interested.
  Is this there today?  If they built it, then is it there today?  Is it radically changed?  Because I think Drew Taylor pointed out everything, everything that made it  into a park later, the farm and the the old timey  theme park that like that all has changed.
  That we've like gotten rid of all that.
  Yeah.
 California Adventure.
  So it was a park that was only the stuff that was like, oh, we got to change this fast.
  Yeah, it's a very good question because it's still I mean,  river country, I guess, is the closest thing to a closed Disney park.
  Right.
 Am I thinking of any?  Is there anything else? That's right.
  That's like the closest thing to any like Disney ever admitting defeat, essentially.
  Yeah.
 And that is an obviously that crazy of a situation  because it's a couple like slides and it's not that big and whatever.
  But they did let it rot, which there was, of course, video footage of which  they did not like getting out there.
  But they didn't protect it that much.
  So obviously they didn't care so much.
  But it is an interesting question because I don't think  no Disney does not want to lose.
  They do not want to close a park.
  They don't want to have to level rides and like, yeah, that's the end game, isn't it?  Yeah.
 And it's the optics of we're going to bulldoze the park called America.
  It's like, yeah, I think they would have they would have been pouring money  into the sinkhole still to this day.
  And like maybe it would have.
  I don't know.
 I'm just imagining like, yeah, maybe they  maybe in some weird way, they end up like selling it to the government  and then it kind of becomes nonprofits and they stop running expensive stuff.
  And then it's just like, oh, you kind of tour some of this.
  The like buildings they've like put up there,  but maybe the budget's been way pulled back and they started building houses  on some of it.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  Like blank land.
  They redo one of the rides to born on the Fourth of July mission.
  Access VA benefits.
  Sure.
 They do.
 Yeah, they updated in that way, of course.
  So, yeah, I feel like there's some there's some weird middle of the road solution  that to where like technically it's still alive.
  Exactly.
 That we did not close the park and we've never closed.
  Never park.
 Never.
  We technically still own some of this.
  But it's it's just like we're just saving.
  It's just saving face.
  We're just saving face.
 The buildings are operating.
  You can still buy a hot dog there.
  You can you can the baseball stadium there.
  Real games are now played there.
  You.
 Yeah, sure.
 It just is a genuine state.
  Yeah.
 It's just a stadium now.
 Yeah.
  Or it's just like a little like where we won't we don't have anyone doing it,  but we won't stop you from putting on an old scratchy uniform around the bases.
  Well, that's great.
 You want to put on the show.
  Disney dream weddings is like you go to the base,  you put on old timey baseball outfits and get married to home plate.
  Why not? It's all a baseball.
  Now it's all right.
 So umpire marries you.
  Today, Disney's America would be mainly a baseball wedding.
  Baseball chapel.
 Yeah.
 Baseball stadium chapel.
  And the umpire what marries you? He's ordained.
  Not pronounce you safe, but it's a.
  They just rebuild.
 They build a new Casey's quarter.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The wedding.
 Casey's chapel.
  Yeah.
 Casey's chapel.
 The wedding reception is hot dogs.
  Casey at the what's the thing? Alter.
 Alter.
 Thank you.
  Am I the asshole for having Casey and Mickey and Minnie at my wedding?  But not paying for the hot dog buffet.
  Well, it might've been worth it.
  It might've been worth it to build the most expensive baseball altar of all time.
  What an insane history though.
  And thanks for going over it with us on this joyous 4th of July week.
  At You Survive podcast, the first like marathon one in a minute,  but there's so much to go over and I hope it was,  I hope this was an educational, but fun.
  Yes.
 A blend.
 I hope that it was, was both.
  Historians aren't offended, but that it was, it was almost as fun as,  almost getting burnt by a vat of.
 Right.
 It was a me.
  If it was a meal, it was not a full Leno hot dog hamburger meal.
  There was some of that, but also a little vegetable in there.
  So it was a good balance.
  A little bit of what Mavis has to do,  which is putting a little bit of broccoli into Jay's hot dogs.
  Or when Jay is sleeping, she drops a little broccoli in his mouth,  tiny pieces into Jay's mouth while he's sleeping.
  Yeah.
  Have you heard this?  Jay, you're having a nightmare.
  You have heard about this.
 You have now Jay wake up.
 They haven't heard about it.
  Wait, wait, wait.
 I didn't say that.
 Thanks.
 You can find us on the social.
  Merch is available on our T-Pubic store and for three bonus episodes a month,  check out pockets are at the second gate.
 Uh, splash tackles over there.
  A bunch of stuff.
 One more bonus episode every month.
  Also on our new tier club three.
 Uh, that's what you'll find an episode there.
  Next week we're taking a little late fourth of July break.
 Uh,  but we wanted to give you that we had to hit you with some Patriot,  that patriotic shit before we took our, our well-earned break.
  Uh, so great.
 Check out Patreon and thanks for listening.
 Goodbye.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo,  and Alex Ramsey.
 For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on  Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and  Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
