 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains a dictator magician, an embassy inside a theme  park, leg danglies, and gallons of a precious natural resource, fear juice.
  We secrete some juice and break down Dr.
 Doom's Fearful on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, where today we're saying, all glory to Latveria, all hail Doom.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  I'm here, yes, and that's the thing you say every morning when you wake up.
  I show respect and out of fear.
  And respect.
  Scott Garner, also here.
  That's right.
  I know what those things mean after the last several days.
  Those are things from comics that I know now.
  Great.
  Well, we'll get you even deeper in soon.
  We're talking about beloved attraction, by me at least.
  I was gonna say, your beloved attraction.
  By me, solely.
  Dr.
 Doom's Fearful at Universal's Islands of Adventure.
  I want to start by asking, have either of you done this attraction?  No, no way.
  Nor will I ever.
  I will.
  Absolutely not.
  I've made a promise to you, I believe on this podcast, that I will do it next time we go.
  Oh, okay.
  I believe on the show.
  Yeah, I think you did.
  I said that.
  But I know I have not done this because the legs are dangling.
  You know me, I don't like those dangling legs.
  So, it's scary.
  Even though I love Dr.
 Doom the man, his ride.
  And you love, but what's the issue in terms of thrills and chills here?  Is it too much thrill?  No, but you like thrills.
  No, I like thrills.
  It's the chill part because you're slowly going up and your legs are dangling.
  No, wrong, wrong.
  My, isn't this a-  That's right.
  This is a space shot where you are raised just a few feet to start and then you are launched upwards.
  But you do go a little bit, but that's what I'm saying.
  You do a little chill.
  It's not completely just a rock and roller coaster or am I wrong?  That's the problem?  No, it's like you were talking like a couple feet and then you get the, that's just gearing it up.
  That's just the engines turning on.
  I guess for some reason I thought that it was, I felt like I knew about the shot,  but I thought there was a longer section where they would dangle you.
  But I guess if you're saying it's actually seconds and I actually feel better about it.
  Oh, no, sorry.
  You're dangling for a while.
  Yeah, I just mean you're lowered off the ground as the ride starts to kick into gear as the Doom  narration starts.
  Yes.
  And then you're launched up and you bounce down.
  So you're dangling for a good while as you bounce down.
  But it's not the kind of ride-  I guess you're right.
  You're right.
  I was just saying-  What kind of up and down this is.
  I believe it is an up and then kind of an up and down, back and forth, up and down.
  It is not a slow up and then fast down and that's the end,  which might involve a between up and down dangle.
  Yeah.
  Dangling is just a, it just happens between like-  I had the incorrect-  By virtue of that you're going up and down.
  I had the incorrect impression that you were dangling early before the up.
  So what you're saying, yes, it's seconds of dangle, up, dangle, dangle, dangle, dangle,  dangle.
  That's the most significant dangle.
  But a low, that first dangle, we got a downplay.
  That's a low dangle.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  So it's a low dangle, up.
  That's sort of like if your mom or dad, when you were a kid would do like upies,  you know, if they would pick you up and do upies.
  I was wrong.
  I guess I totally was messing up the order.
  But then go upies that's 200 feet in the air after that.
  That's very intense.
  You feel a lot of downward.
  That's a thrill.
  The downward pressure you feel.
  Okay.
  So you go danglies, but not severe danglies, little danglies.
  Little danglies.
  Little low danglies.
  Little low danglies.
  Then you go upies.
  You go way upies.
  Yeah.
  You want to put the Cs on it.
  That's fine.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Way upies.
  You don't go to the very top.
  You don't go to the spiky top.
  That is not upies to the spikies.
  Right.
  I knew that.
  So you go upies and then you danglies for, what would you say?  Well, this is about a 90 second experience.
  So you don't do it for very long.
  But there's no point.
  What I'm saying is there's no point mid-air where you were purely stuck.
  You go upies, then back downies, upies, downies, upies, ping pong back and forth until you land.
  Even though I was watching.
  There's no still dangle.
  Yeah.
  Even though I was watching the video, I guess in my mind, in the same way that Splash Mountain  and your child brain, even though I didn't do this when I was a child,  you Splash Mountain, your child brain on that Jim Varney special, you were building it up.
  I guess in my head when I was thinking about it, I was still thinking about it as if those  terror moments were bigger than they were.
  Because I think what you're saying makes a, I think here's what's going to happen.
  The chill on the ride, which is the danglies for me, the chill is the scare part.
  We didn't, you know what?  The part that I don't like.
  Really quick, chills and thrills was a discussion from the second gate.
  Yeah.
  Would you like to bring the main feed audience in on the thrills and chills?  Yeah, you're right.
  I completely forgot about that.
  This is a big breakthrough recently made on the second gate of patreon.
com.
  Right.
  So if you want to see the, hear the origin, go there.
  So basically we were figuring out that thrills and chills, thrills mean excitement, adrenaline,  and chills to me means scare, fear, anticipation, anxiety.
  And the chills are the part that I've been trying to get over by going to haunts,  you know, for the last couple of years.
  I love haunts, but I'm still, you know, trying to get over the fear of chills.
  Thrills, you're on board.
  Thrills I'm almost always on board for sometimes it may be a six flags.
  It's a little too much thrill, but by and large thrills I'm very comfortable with.
  This factor is in and off repeated.
  Your situation with launching, with launch coasters that you prefer that.
  Love it.
  It's all thrill, no chill.
  The chill is the anticipation of the slow climb up the hill, the chill on the hill.
  That's right.
  Before the thrill.
  This attraction is that you're pretty much straight to thrills.
  This is the launch of a drop towers.
  Yes.
  So I guess really is that since you're saying the chill isn't so severe,  it seems like it's a very mild chill that because the thrill happens,  it will put my mind in a different place.
  So even though a chill comes after the initial thrill, I am now surging with adrenaline  and it will make it easier to deal with any leg danglies chill that I'm experiencing.
  I think so.
  So I guess really I should be so afraid of this.
  The chills are never still.
  Because the chills are never still.
  You're on the go.
  You're hopping up and down.
  There's no still chills.
  Dr.
 Doom has no still chills.
  Dr.
 Doom, I think Dr.
 Seuss has been inspiring us for the first 10 minutes of this episode.
  Did everyone track all of that language?  I hope they did, but yes.
  No, you're right.
  Yeah, I guess I shouldn't be so afraid of this ride.
  Yeah.
  So I was going to do it anyway.
  But this is a ride that is about extracting fear.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  That actually you should be afraid.
  That's what that's the point of the ride.
  It's a good point.
  To serve Doom.
  Yeah, but I like Doom and I want to serve Doom.
  Yeah, I want to help.
  Jason and I love Dr.
 Doom.
  That fiend, that rascal, Reed Richards.
  Yeah, since we were little.
  That intellectual lightweight.
  Dr.
 Doom.
  Yeah, Reed Richards.
  Sick freak.
  Yeah.
  Doom is our ruler.
  So this has come up a few times recently that I am a huge island of adventure stan.
  A few times recently?  Yeah, but especially recently.
  I've had an episode for five years.
  Yeah.
  Popeye getting his spinach.
  Yeah.
  It's come up recently that I likes me spinach.
  There's some truth to this rumor.
  So don't worry.
  We'll get back to your guys's unlistening music soon enough.
  Unlistenable?  Unlistenable.
  What are you talking about?  Unbelievable.
  The music is unlistening.
  It's not that we talk about it.
  It's that the music itself is unlistening.
  Yeah.
  You can't hear it.
  Yeah.
  Is that what you're saying?  Yeah, you just can't find Jaded anywhere.
  It's Jaded now.
  I like Jaded.
  Go ahead.
  Go ahead.
  This was the very first thing, the first time I went opening summer to Islands of Adventure.
  This was the first thing I did because I think I was 13 years old and I looked at the Hulk  and I went, no.
  And Spider-Man had a 90-minute wait, which it also had in this year of our Lord, 2022.
  When I look today, it had a 90-minute wait.
  Makes sense.
  Hulk and Doctor Doom closed because there was a multi-hour thunderstorm going on.
  So Doctor Doom was the first thing I rode and we waited in line.
  The Express wasn't up and running in 1999.
  It took a few years for that.
  But it was very exciting, the buildup, because this has a pretty elaborate cue  for a 90-second bouncy, dangly space shot.
  This is the thing that I didn't know because I've never gone and I won't go on it.
  Fair enough.
  So I did not realize that there was this.
  This might be the only ride of this type.
  It might be the only drop tower, not counting the Tower of Terror, of course, to have a story  and a little place-making kind of get you into the, to attempt a plot of one of these.
  Yeah, and a fairly elaborate story for what is the cheapest of the three opening day Marvel  attractions.
  I think Storm Force Accelerator down the line, much cheaper even than this.
  Now you say that.
  I don't have, I have zero familiarity with Storm Force Accelerator.
  What is Storm Force Accelerator?  Well, it's sort of like a covered teacups and Storm and Magneto fight.
  With dialogue.
  It is solely a sound effect and dialogue-based fight sequence.
  It's a carnival ride with dialogue, basically.
  Like a dressed up carnival ride, barely dressed up.
  When you're in a teacup in that, what is that supposed to represent?  Is it that you're part of the weather?  Tossed about in this battle of elements?  Are you either like magnetism itself or like a cumulus cloud?  It's kind of futurey.
  I mean, it's kind of the yellow metal sort of like the Professor X's covered chair.
  So I guess maybe you're in like an X-Men vehicle, I guess, and you're in the middle of the weather.
  I guess that's probably what it is.
  You're probably in like a generic X-Men flying contraption and then you're caught between the  two powers.
  That's probably what it is.
  Yeah.
  That would make more sense than being a little cloud.
  Well, that sounds like a complex story to me.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot going on, but not a cue with videos and this little journey that you're taking.
  No, but yeah, very built up, kind of an imposing exterior.
  Very imposing to me.
  Imposing like big turning like turbines or fans or whatever.
  A lot of paints like speckled paint.
  I don't know how to describe the alleyway.
  It's all blacks and silvers and greens and purple, like Dr.
 Doom colors.
  Fun comic book art colors.
  Yeah.
  Pop party.
  Yeah, pop art's a good way to do it.
  Yeah.
  To describe it.
  So this was like very exciting and then immediately very exciting to be shot up and be very high,  which a thing I've always been fond of.
  The hype miser.
  Yeah.
  It must come from this more than anything.
  And then.
  When was the first time you were up high?  I don't know.
  Ferris wheel or something probably.
  Okay.
  But like legs dangling?  Or something?  Legs dangling high?  Was it this?  I don't know.
  Well, no, terror would have been open before this.
  Legs dangling high though.
  Legs dangling high.
  Different.
  More precarious.
  More precarious.
  More naked to the world and the elements.
  That's right.
  Space shots are pretty common.
  These sorts of things are pretty common at Jersey Shore boardwalks.
  So I'm sure I had done something like this before.
  But not so high probably.
  No.
  This was the transformative height.
  Misery experience.
  Well.
  This is your origin story.
  Look, I was already just walking halfway through the land.
  I was already like a pig and shit.
  And then we got off this ride.
  It exits into an arcade.
  High marks for that.
  And then halfway down the one block away.
  What is there?  There is a giant comic book store.
  And I'm like, now this is a theme park.
  Yeah, it's called the artist Adam Kubert's Art Everywhere.
  Yes.
  It's insane.
  If you were a kid and you read comics and you went to this place, holy shit.
  OK, yeah.
  It's not just the animated.
  A lot of kids watched the animated cartoon.
  That's not special or cool.
  If you're listening and that's all you did, fucking stop.
  Yeah.
  Get your earbuds out.
  Put them down.
  You are garbage disposal.
  Nowhere near as maladjusted as I am.
  Thank you very much.
  Let's gatekeep this fandom.
  That's what I'm doing.
  But if you walked in there and you had just like freshly read  the finale of the onslaught saga that Adam Kubert drew and you saw his art all over the place,  you go, oh my God, this is the greatest place ever.
  Unbelievable.
  And you can still see it untouched.
  Maybe the bankruptcy isn't all bad news.
  The bankruptcy is good.
  Because you're also reading the comics traits to see like what,  I don't know what bankruptcy means.
  Will these just go away at some point?  I hope Stan.
  Will this just stop?  I hope Stan Lee sells Marvel to Michael Jackson.
  Yeah, maybe that'll pan out.
  Trustworthy place to put anything valuable to you.
  Mm hmm.
  A meeting, I think.
  Business affairs very well in order.
  That's right.
  So yes, I hear you.
  It was an exciting time.
  And yeah, I will, if I'm giving it lots of credit, very big and comical and pop party.
  I'm sure if people are being critical of it,  a lot of elements that just looked like they were ripped from the mall.
  Auntie Anne's, Sunglass Hut.
  What was the first thing you said?  Auntie Anne's.
  Oh, Auntie Anne's.
  Okay, wow.
  You know, in my head,  I was like, try to say this normal.
  And I could not have been further off.
  What was the issue?  The aunt part?  What was gonna, what was like?  I feel like I always say Auntie Anne's and I feel like everyone else always says something else.
  Auntie Anne's.
  Yeah.
  Auntie Anne's.
  Depends.
  I'm an aunt guy.
  I'm not an aunt guy.
  This is America.
  Yeah, I say Auntie Anne's.
  You say aunt and that's it.
  That was, wait, there's an Auntie Anne's in this area?  Kind of halfway through.
  Okay.
  Some dipping dots at some point in time, I think.
  But that's the universal.
  I think they've gotten more into here's custom food experiences,  but I don't know if Adventure remains there in that space a little bit of like,  what do you, boy, what do you eat in this place?  You know, if you don't go to one of the like two nice places.
  Yeah, Mythos or Confisco.
  Or the Harry Potter thing, three broomsticks.
  Yeah, the Fantastic Four Cafe is there, right?  Yeah, I mean, that's the solid.
  That's like the same kind of.
  Cafeteria.
  Park pizza that they have at the.
  Yeah.
  Universal, Florida.
  The New York section has like a real Italian pizzeria, New York style.
  Yeah.
  And it's the same as the real Fantastic Four pizza, New York style.
  New Yorkers like it.
  Personal pan with the questionable pepperonis.
  Is that what that is?  Wow.
  Could be.
  It's like the human torchum shelf walked out of the Baxter building,  walked across to the dollar pizza slice place and is now reselling it for seven times markup.
  That's smart.
  Yeah.
  He's a smart guy.
  I didn't, you know, I didn't get to say the I didn't pull this up in the Transformers episode,  but there was a there was a still that I had that really encapsulates the universal experience to me.
  It's universal Hollywood is the opening of Transformers universal Hollywood.
  And it's in the general might have been the actor general more shower.
  Of course.
  Self of course is kind of telling you the stakes and he's in front of these is at the  podium.
  There's like soldiers flanking him and like, oh my God, this is very serious.
  What's and there's a transmission from Megatron and oh my and it all happens in  front of just a big circular Panda Express logo.
  We must fortify the Panda Express.
  Yes.
  And the really open lower lot Panda Express is serious.
  And if this ever if we are ever to open it and it's a big if and there's something where  this is what the Decepticons are actually after.
  Well, if you recall the Jurassic Park restaurant used to before the like they they, you know,  gussied up the food a little used to be half Pizza Hut and half pre-made Panda Express.
  Oh my combined like you dump the bowl on top of a I have personal pan.
  I think it was like you went one side for one thing or one side or one heat lamp for one  and one heat lamp for the other.
  And I think at one point in time, the Panda Express next door was open and you could also  get Panda Express at the Jurassic Park.
  Is that right?  Wow.
  That's I get two different Panda Expresses.
  I think the first time I went in like 2006 in college, we ate at the Panda Express.
  And then I think later we're walking through Jurassic Park Cafe.
  It's like there's also Panda Express in here.
  And City Walk.
  So there were three possible ways to get.
  And on Cooing Boulevard at not far from Universal Panda Express on Ventura.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  Probably in a supermarket not too far.
  Oh, yeah.
  Sure.
  Yeah, there used to be one in a Burbank supermarket.
  That's right.
  The area was littered and it was but it was important to fortify all  because if one goes down, maybe they all go down.
  Yeah.
  And that's what more shower was concerned about.
  Yeah, he was right to be worried.
  Yeah.
  Luckily, not much has changed in the they've there's a fortified wall of mediocre to bad  food at Islands of Adventure.
  Yeah.
  Does not look like it'll tumble anytime soon.
  That's never going to change.
  I feel like I don't feel like that's even on the radar.
  They're not going to we can hear rumors all day long about Lord of the Rings or whatever,  but that they're making sure that the restaurant in the Lord of the Rings land sucks.
  They want to make sure that that doesn't change.
  I think we can't blow them all out.
  Look, just financially, some of this has to be shit.
  Got to be the last time.
  I don't think we really eat there besides when we went to mythos when we were down.
  But the time before that, like a year or two before,  it seemed like they're big culinary innovations.
  Were giving combo meals that had milkshakes instead of sodas.
  And you're tearing up a little.
  I'm getting emotional.
  And they seemed like they went all in on Brookies, the combination brownie and cookie.
  Those are kind of everywhere.
  Have they backed off that?  I don't know.
  This is you do describe these things like 1969.
  It was the summer of love.
  Why drugs were running rampant.
  And that was just how we did it back then.
  They were making some summer of 09.
  Some called Brookies.
  Cookies were getting freaky with brownies and boy, you were lapping up every last crumb.
  I also had the worst sandwich of my life.
  I think you have talked about this.
  Okay.
 I have talked about the bad Dagwood sandwich.
  The Dagwood team.
  You have talked about the bad Jaguar.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  Even at like 12 or 13, I was like, oh, God, what is this?  Just for the next.
  You were just like, just opened.
  How you went back to the room and you were like, pulled out your stack of Dagwood comics,  blondie comics, and you were like, why have you forsaken me?  Why did you do this to me?  For all the years I've given you the best relationships I have terrified to know what  the Cathy ice cream is like.
  This is how he's been betrayed by the Dagwood sandwich.
  She don't care.
  She'll take what if it says ice cream on it.
  She had a rough week.
  Okay.
  She'll eat whatever ice cream doesn't care.
  But yeah.
  So where were we?  I don't know.
  So islands, Dr.
 Doom.
  Yeah.
 So I love this ride when I first went on it.
  And now as an adult, I went on it a couple times, I think, when we were down in 2019.
  You fit it in multiple times?  Yeah.
 Because I went back the day before I flew.
  I was staying at combatant base.
  So I went back for like the morning.
  And I rode it then and I rode it like as the park was closing.
  It's a great ride to do at night.
  Like you see the whole park lit up at night.
  Well, if you're on the one side, because the thing about this ride is you don't have the  chance to see one view.
  You have the chance to see four views, two of which are a lot of access roads.
  But on the one side, you can see the full islands of adventure, like Lagoon and everything.
  On the other side, you can see all of Orlando.
  You can see I-4.
  That's a thing we've talked about a little bit before.
  I don't know if there's a good part of Disney that has this when you're in one of the theme  parks.
 I don't believe that it exists.
  But Universal has a couple places where you can very easily see just outside into the real  world.
  Like in Volcano Bay, if you're in the right water slide, just turn around and there's just  a bunch of houses and a street like right across the way.
  Yeah.
  Well, like in Hollywood, the Harry Potter land just backs right up to an office building.
  Yes.
  Also, it would take like 10 trees to cover it and they didn't.
  Yes.
  I would say it's arguably more magical driving down by the Warner Brothers lot and seeing  the Harry Potter castle because it doesn't quite break the illusion.
  You just go, oh, there's Hogwarts versus seeing Hogwarts and then the Universal building  behind it to room.
  Don't go in the park.
  If you want the Hogwarts magic, just stay on the other side of town.
  Look at it from afar.
  Go to Dog House right across from the Universal, excuse me, the Warner Brothers lot.
  Go to the hot dog restaurant near the Warner Brothers lot.
  Yeah.
  And look at the castle in the distance.
  And then sometimes you can see the Waterworld smoke, which I think is really fun.
  Sometimes you'll be driving down Olive and you'll see like smoke.
  Yeah.
  You'll see smoke in the air and you go, oh my God, is something wrong?  And you go, no, no, the Mariners just won again.
  It gets me all the time.
  And I was just outside of the park recently and I heard all this hubbub, like a big fight.
  And I was like, oh my God, because look, fights are in the air.
  That's Berry Farm.
  That's true.
  The teens have run too rampant.
  There is a curfew in order now, in effect now.
  So I thought, oh, is all hell about to break loose.
  And I realized I have been tricked.
  This is the Mariner and the Deacon.
  The Deacon.
  And it's Helen.
  Helen.
  That's the Helen test.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So I can name all of the characters.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They've kept it in the public consciousness enough for me to barely with lots of hems and haws  produce the three names.
  That's right.
  And you can still see those if you are under the age of 18.
  You can see those and any time of day that it's running, you do not need a chaperone over 21  to escort you to the water rock show.
  No chaperone system.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Not very far as their chaperones now.
  And I don't know.
  Is this America?  We you start giving out, you give up one freedom and suddenly 100 are gone.
  You know, yeah, I was liberal up until I heard that and now I'm upset and the freedom to go  into knots when you're under age.
  Getting a big rowdy fight with some teenagers.
  Here's an idea though, because could we offer ourselves a chaperones just because we care  about not so much that we want to make sure everything goes well.
  So if there's a teen that's looking for a chaperone, we're willing to chaperone you.
  Oh, this is somewhere on the commitment scale between buying an underage person,  a six pack of beer.
  Right.
  And marrying somebody for citizenship.
  It's somewhere in between like the just to help you out.
  It's only for the day.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I don't know.
  You do end up with like, because if you don't click with your teen, I think you would need  some kind of like dating service.
  Well, well, I was going to make sure you're matched with your ideal teen.
  I was going to say a less weird thing.
  I was going to like bigger brother program or something.
  That's better dating service and teens.
  This is the wrong way to think of it.
  What knots very far needs is a teen dating service.
  Yeah, no, no.
  I've been saying it for years.
  That's the wrong I think.
  I think, yeah, I think my way is the right way to say it.
  Yeah.
  Big brother, big sister program.
  And then you match.
  Yeah, because yeah, you want to make sure everything goes smoothly with your teen.
  You keep them from getting too rowdy.
  You tell them about Walter and Cordelia not and the wonders of free enterprise.
  That's right.
  I mean, basically what you're signing up for if you're a teen and you're going to be  chaperoned by us is you're going to hear about free enterprise, a freedom center,  and then you're going to make them go on all the easy rides, not the fast, scary ones.
  With sad robots.
  Yeah.
  Saddest robot.
  Maybe there's like this checkboxes of like music interests.
  OK, well, I'll put I'll put Everclear.
  Let's see.
  Everclear, Sugar Ray.
  This should line up with the boy.
  The teens will all be fighting for my attention.
  What's your guys favorite bare naked ladies album?  Yeah, I don't listen to them after Stephen left either.
  So just in case.
  Yeah, cool.
  Yeah, dope, man.
  Yeah, that's exactly how I feel.
  I know that some of the newer stuff like the Big Bang theme.
  I know you kids are into, but I sort of hang with the earlier stuff.
  What's your favorite one to twerk to?  King of Bedside Manor from Gordon.
  Is that because that's a pretty rowdy one, if you ask me.
  A lot of sound effects on that track.
  Well, and then they start beating the shit out of you because I think the Big Bang  theory is they might be giants, not fair naked ladies.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, man, they're going to if fucking if a teen knows if a teen knows who they might be  giants are, they're hiding the fact that they're like, oh, so they beat the shit out of them.
  They're a 50 year old in disguise.
  Yeah.
  Well, you pull the wig off.
  You pull the wig off.
  They're an older man, a man older than me.
  Sadder than me.
  What are you doing here?  There's someone to talk to.
  Well, this is a great service.
  I can offer chaperone and exposing false teens.
  That's right.
  We're just trying to go to not stuff fight.
  I just wanted to feel something.
  You didn't get your wish.
  Music, unlisted.
  Oh, no, that's fine.
  That's all right.
  I dropped a reference.
  B&L's Gordon, huh?  How about that?  You snuck it in.
  Yeah, I did.
  But let's OK.
  Well, still, what have we not gotten into here?  I mean, we should describe the queue.
  Yes.
  Let's talk about the story.
  What elevates that?  This is not just an up and down.
  This is more than an up and down.
  Yeah.
  You're in an invention.
  You're sitting in an invention in this ride.
  Doom is a genius.
  Yes.
  I want to, in case you don't know about Doom, he is a genius inventor.
  Smarter than Reed Richards, at least equal to Reed Richards.
  They went to the same college.
  College classmates.
  It's still a college rivalry.
  It's a college rivalry.
  Imagine Austin Powers III, Austin and Dr.
 Evil.
  Are they in college or they're younger than that?  They're like at Hogwarts or something, right?  They're at boarding school.
  Boarding school.
  But similar dynamic.
  It's just in a different school.
  But they're both super geniuses.
  Is he already Doom, though?  Is he Victor Von Doom?  Well, there's multiple versions of the Doom origin.
  But the traditional one is that he's not Doom yet.
  His name is Victor Von Doom, legally.
  Right.
  But he's not Doom with the whole thing.
  Doom, Doom.
  Because he doesn't get to-  That's insane.
  How is your name is Doom and then you become-  Well, it seemed like it was maybe like a foregone conclusion that this would be your fate.
  Were you supposed to pronounce it like Doam?  It's Doam?  Von Doam.
  I don't think Stanley or they don't think they said in the comic-  In the 2000s, they tried calling, in the ultimate books, they called him Victor Van Dam.
  Yes, that is correct.
  And everyone knew, like, come on, man.
  Which is really funny.
  Does that pull you out of it?  Yes.
  We know who this is going to be.
  It's a Fantastic Four comic.
  Because people are like, oh, is he going to be Dr.
 Dam?  Yeah.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  Doesn't sound good.
  And then Doom loved Sue Storm, who would eventually marry Reed, Richard's Mr.
 Fantastic.
  Yeah, a number of Marvel characters' motivation is that they're really in love with Sue Storm.
  That's correct.
  Something they had asked for.
  Namor, soon to be seen in Black Panther, Wakanda forever.
  Part man, part Atlantean fish man.
  Okay.
  He loves Sue Storm.
  He loves Sue Storm.
  Oh, that's not going to work.
  She's not going to be in the ocean.
  No.
  She's not in the universe yet.
  So Doom gets disfigured in an accident.
  He makes a contraption that goes wrong, scars him, his face, and he blames Richard's for it.
  And, yeah.
  I like the more beloved character that the waterslide inventor from Raging Waters.
  What's his name?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Experiments gone awry.
  Von Dark?  Dr.
 Von Dark.
  Yes, I thought it was very close.
  It is very close.
  Yeah.
  When I'm just putting it together, then maybe Dr.
 Von Dark was partially inspired by Dr.
 Von Doom.
  I think that might be right.
  Wow.
  For a second, I thought you were actually talking about the guy who made Action Park.
  There is a real world evil waterslide experimenter.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, that's a more colorful fictional one.
  Who was also in love with another smart man's wife, I'm sure.
  Sounds right.
  And also, I thought you were referring to the Schlitterbond people who made the insane waterslide.
  That is, yeah.
  Those are, boy, we talked about Schlitterbond, but we didn't really get into that weird,  that's an episode maybe, is the arms race between the evil waterslide makers.
  Yes.
  And now one birthed, the second one conquered the first.
  You're dead, old man.
  What about the wild rivers?  No, maybe I'm getting the names wrong.
  Oh, yeah, what was the name?  Early waterslide inventor was this tough military guy,  but then the crown got taken by the Schlitterbond guy who pushed it and pushed it and pushed it  and then built that slide that horribly killed that guy and that kid, right?  Yeah, there's a weird waterslide arms race episode, like some crazy, like you would think that.
  That's a film, I think.
  Yeah, maybe that story.
  Realizing that one was like, oh, they had a relationship,  like the only two evil waterslide makers knew each other and hated each other.
  It's incredible.
  It's like a Stanley plot come to life.
  Yeah.
  Really is.
  Jack Kirby, actually.
  So other things about Doom, he's a genius scientist.
  He's also a powerful sorcerer.
  He's a magician.
  He's a magician as well.
  And an inventor.
  Yeah, he's got a powerful suit of armor.
  The mass height is kind of scarred face.
  He's very vain.
  He does not want to show his face, but the suit of armor is comparable to an Iron Man suit of armor,  except it also has a tiny little belt that has a gun on it.
  Mm-hmm.
  Even though he can shoot out of his hands.
  Okay.
  He's got like genuine, excuse me, like generic laser hands.
  And then, sorry, so he is then also on top of all this, he owns a country.
  Yeah, he's the ruler of a small Eastern European country.
  And that's Latveria?  Latveria, yes.
  Okay.
  And how did he, were they like, he didn't found that.
  That existed and he took it over?  Sheer might and will.
  Yeah, but it existed before.
  It existed before.
  Yeah, and then, yeah, no, he didn't like create it.
  All that, there's probably some origins like version where he did create it.
  He's accomplished a lot with the help of Doom bots, which are often portrayed as identical to him.
  Okay.
  And oftentimes when Spider-Man or the Avengers think they're fighting Dr.
 Doom,  it turns out they're fighting a very good Doom bot.
  It's like Saddam Hussein's decoys or something.
  It's the same thing.
  So yeah, you're not sure necessarily.
  But then sometimes the Doom bots do look like sort of like goon robot versions of Doom.
  In the queue, they look more like heavies.
  Oh, they're big.
  Yes, yeah, they're not intended to deceive.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  There's a great 12 issue series by past guest Chris Cantwell wrote Dr.
 Doom for a year.
  And that was really good.
  Well, hold on to that thought.
  I will save because this person may have been consulted about some aspects of this attraction  and this topic.
  I'll save that for when we've explained what's going on.
  Right.
  Iron Man right now just announced he's wrapping up his run in the fall.
  His final Iron Man.
  Yes.
  All right.
  Well, yeah, save that.
  Some thoughts to come.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  So what else about Doom?  Oh, often portrayed as an anti-hero.
  Like that sort of that old Marge line of like he's right, but you're not supposed to say it.
  That situation's Doom finds himself in a lot.
  Sometimes.
  Sometimes.
  Are you talking about the 9-11 Doom?  No, not crying 9-11 Doom.
  Do you know what we're talking about?  Vaguely.
  Look up crying 9-11 Doom and then react honestly to what you see.
  Everyone at home, I implore you do the same thing.
  Yeah.
  All of the there's a Spider-Man commemorative 9-11 issue and everyone cries at 9-11,  including the Kingpin and Doom.
  Before I clicked on the images tab, it's a big Reddit thread that asks the question,  why would Dr.
 Doom cry for 9-11?  I mean, it's a good question.
  Yeah, he's probably killed a lot of people, you know.
  Yeah, but I suppose he's stepping out of it and  we're enjoying him as not a full real serious character in that moment.
  But so yeah, sometimes I mean, these characters have been around for 80 years,  what a hundred years at this point.
  And yeah, Dr.
 Doom has been good.
  Overwhelmingly, I think he's usually bad, but-  He's usually bad or there are times where it seems like he's doing good.
  And then either his ego or he's got a secret evil master plan or his own hubris gets him.
  His hubris gets him a lot.
  In a recent storyline, I think it was the Secret Wars books,  and it's a sort of thing where they keep rewriting reality or things are collapsing in on itself.
  He does rip Thanos' spine out of his body, spine and skull.
  So yeah, Chris educated me on this fact.
  Now I'm like, you know I don't pay attention to any of this, but I know that Thanos,  everybody's scared of Thanos, he's been the biggest deal in all these movies for years  I'm like, why?  His spine got pulled out by this other villain?  He seems a little worse to me.
  Mortal Kombat fatality on him.
  It's a pretty intense panel.
  Every now and then Doom kind of becomes a god, gets god-like powers that he sort of vexes everything off.
  Yeah, Chris also informed me that he at some point did battle with the devil.
  He's fought the devil.
  He's, yeah, there was a story, there was a book where he was very upset because his mother's soul,  one of his contraptions that went wrong was trying to talk to the dead because he wanted to talk to  his late mother and he found out his mother's soul was being tortured by Mephisto, the devil in hell.
  His mother was in hell, Scott.
  His mother was in hell.
  He goes with Dr.
 Doom.
  So this is a Christian world where he's upset about 9-11 happened, which was this religious fervor event.
  Heaven and hell also exist.
  It's all a religious tale.
  I guess in a way.
  He hasn't met Jesus as far as anyone knows.
  Did he fight Jesus?  I don't think he did or even team up with Jesus.
  Okay, so Thanos has tried to court death itself once.
  Yes, Thanos has been a fuck boy for death.
  The concept of death in a lady form.
  Mike said and what Jason said, don't swear to me.
  Explain, sorry, fuck boy.
  Well, Thanos has kind of been horny for death.
  He's like, hey.
  They didn't put this in the movies.
  Yeah, they took it.
  How so?  He loves death.
  You know when we were younger and there'd be a girl, you'd be like,  if I hang around this girl long enough, she might give me a kiss.
  That's sort of what Thanos is with death.
  Yeah, for like a skeleton and a purple cloak.
  Oh, you're saying for a manifestation.
  For a manifestation.
  Yeah, but it is death.
  That is what he's going.
  In the movies, I guess it's more of a figurative death he's sort of in love with.
  Yeah, but they don't show it and it isn't in the same needy way that it is in Infinity Gauntlet.
  Man, that's crazy.
  I wouldn't want a skeleton sucking my dick.
  Clattering teeth.
  Thanos, you're crazy.
  Look, he is a crazy guy.
  He's a wild and crazy guy.
  You're in his weird stuff, my man.
  Maybe you should see his movies.
  Does that happen?  I don't want to say.
  I don't want to say.
  But if I could definitively be told, if you told me that death gives a blow job to Thanos,  I would go watch, I'd stop recording and start watching the movies.
  Here's what I'll say.
  I'll say, you know what?  It doesn't happen in the movie, but stay through the credits.
  That's what I'll say.
  Oh, that's why everyone's so excited about those post credits.
  We don't want to spoil whether Thanos gets top or not, but stay through the credits.
  I am looking at this 9-11 now.
  This is, yeah, close up of tears kind of coming through his mask,  because even the worst of us, however scarred, are still human,  still feel, still mourn the random death of innocence.
  I would have just left him out of the book if I was, I would have just left him out.
  Cause yeah, if it, I mean, you guys know more.
  It seemed he's probably done something that's a little close to 9-11.
  All of them have.
  Yeah.
  All of them.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  He belongs in hell, Dr.
 Doom.
  Come on.
  Dude, what's, what's he done that's worse than 9-11?  Well, in terms of people like, like body count,  people who didn't deserve it.
  Cause Thanos deserves that skeleton ripped out for sure.
  He did send Reed and Sue's son to hell in the 2000s.
  That's not good, but.
  And then he tortured them using each other's powers.
  Like they were.
  Not good, but one guy.
  We're not up to 9-11 levels yet.
  I'm looking through here.
  Well, but that kid also created a pocket dimension that saved all their lives.
  What an evil threat.
  You know what?  We don't have time.
  Number two on this list of worst things he's ever done is sent Franklin Richards to hell.
  That's number two.
  Number one is the secret war, the newer secret wars.
  The newer secret wars.
  And then there's an earlier story.
  God of all the multiverse.
  There's an earlier story called Emperor Doom where he kidnaps the purple man.
  Yes.
  From alias and uses his mind control powers to hypnotize the whole world and does turn  the world into a utopia, but no one asked for a will.
  So that's the conundrums you get into with Doom a lot.
  Whereas like, well, he did something right, but it's not quite right.
  All everything I've learned about this actually is interesting to me.
  Another thing Chris said is that there was a point in time where he's kind of this dictator  of his country, Ledveria, but it's in the 80s that the Fantastic Four reinstalled him  because the democratic leaders were fucking up.
  And then it's like, that's better.
  Maybe we said they, they did a coup to get Dr.
 Doom back in power,  which what more like Reagan era weird shady,  yeah, America, well, we're going to quit.
  Let's just not tell anybody.
  Yeah.
  Who wrote that run?  That'd be fun.
  That might've been the burn.
  John Byrne.
  John Byrne, maybe.
  Yeah.
  But that's a funny like topical thing.
  My big thing was going to be like, plead,  minders for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, whatever you do,  inevitably we're going to get Dr.
 Doom.
  Do not make him topical.
  Do not make him topical.
  Do not make him a stand in for stuff.
  Don't have someone say like, Dr.
 Doom is gaslighting, but don't do that.
  Make him like they said in Watchmen, I'm not a Republic serial villain.
  Make him a cartoon.
  Make him a crazy serial villain.
  Tie him into a, don't say, oh, his real name is Dr.
 Deu-Santis.
  Yeah.
  Well, actually that's good.
  I actually like that.
  Apparently Cantwell pushed Doom's kill count up to the highest of any villain in the Marvel Universe.
  The Cantwell series?  That's what it says here is that because he used the ultimate nullifier to destroy an entire reality.
  Yes, because he has the highest.
  Where Doom does everything right and gets what he wished for.
  So screen rant here in 2022 says Dr.
 Doom officially claims Marvel's highest kill count.
  And it's because of the Cantwell number 10.
  He was not the recipient, and that's counting all the comics.
  And he was, he didn't have the title and Chris Cantwell got him the title.
  That's what this article says.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  Look, a person I'm very impressed by on many levels and that just added that.
  That notched him even higher up in my book.
  But this is a fun, a thing that's nice about this ride that does hide into the comics where  like Marvel does have a history of like, Dr.
 Doom gets his own comic.
  You know, let's say Junkernot gets his own comic.
  Junkernot?  Juggernot?  Oh, okay.
  Junkernot.
  Didn't he say Junkernot?  That's kind of what I heard.
  Okay.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Let's make sure.
  Magneto gets his own comic.
  The bad guys have their own comics and you see their motivations.
  Joker gets his own movies.
  Joker gets his own movies.
  Can you believe it?  Now you have that instructive thing about don't make him somebody current,  but if Dr.
 Doom wants to steal an old movie and just do it again, but with Dr.
 Doom.
  That maybe we're, we could be fine with that.
  Now we're talking.
  Well, yeah, I think, yeah.
  What if Dr.
 Doom, okay, let's think, let's work with this.
  I would love that people started winning Oscars for playing Dr.
 Doom.
  Yeah.
  That count.
  Yeah.
  Joker count is high.
  Let's get some Doom.
  Zero in the Dr.
 Doom hasn't been portrayed by too many.
  I don't even recognize any of the names of who's played him.
  Oh, it's that guy from Nip Tuck.
  Yeah.
  I don't remember his name, but he's in Nip Tuck.
  Is he in the Michael B.
 Jordan one?  In the Michael B.
 Jordan, but I don't remember who plays him.
  I'm pretty sure.
  But those are the two movie versions,  but both of those not so warmly regarded.
  Yeah.
  This is probably, it's probably on my mind just because there was this excellent  blank check episode with Lin-Manuel Miranda about the film All That Jazz.
  Yes.
  All That Jazz with Dr.
 Doom, I think would be pretty strong.
  Oh man, I like that.
  Dealing with the death of Dr.
 Doom and then the long musical number at the end.
  Fawzi, an equally complicated character is Dr.
 Doom.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You can point to so much good, but also much like, oh, what an asshole.
  Yeah.
  I was gonna say like a Kramer versus Kramer Doom or something, you know, like an old,  more of a custody thing or like, well, has there ever been a love interest or you want  to pair him up with somebody?  Yes, he killed his love interest.
  He killed the woman he loves.
  Yeah, there's numerous ones.
  Well, the detail of when Sue Storm is having her second child, Reed is like in another,  he's not on earth or he's not available.
  Reed is a distant father.
  And there's complications.
  And so Johnny Storm, her brother, contacts Dr.
 Doom for help.
  Come on, Johnny.
  And yeah, you really could have called Tony Stark or the Beast or someone else.
  Yeah, call the Beast.
  And all Dr.
 Doom asked in return was that he got to name the baby and he named it Valeria,  which is the name of his old long dead lover.
  So that's the second child of the Fantastic Four of Reed and Sue is Valeria named after Dr.
 Doom,  named by Dr.
 Doom.
  And that's, he just wanted to like leave a weird imprint.
  Yeah, he's left a lot of weird imprints.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So yeah, so that ties into the Kramer versus Kramer story somehow.
  There's funny imprints, like there is an old Luke Cage comic, sort of when Luke Cage,  first rolled out was very much in the line of the 70s blackploitation heroes of his time.
  And Doom hires Cage to track down some stray Doom bots and does not pay him.
  And so Luke Cage travels all the way to Latveria to get his $200.
  And Doom is like, you would do this for $200?  I think I, you know, I saw Kramer versus Kramer so long ago that the only  scene I remember is this right after the divorce that Dustin Hoffman is trying to make French  toast and he doesn't know how to do, he hasn't been in this situation before and it's a disaster.
  And he has a meltdown making the French toast.
  So that would Dr.
 Doom, I would like to see.
  He can conquer entire nations, but he can't figure out the amount of egg batter.
  Oh, and he's got the big metal hands trying to use the skillet.
  Oh, damn things.
  It's like whatever.
  And he's, yeah, he's got his like science experiments that he's doing perfectly,  but he can't figure out how to put like nutmeg or cinnamon on the toast.
  Oh, that's comedy.
  Can not there be a pan with a handle size to fit giant metal hands?  I shall invent one.
  Dad, we're hungry.
  Oh, silence.
  Enough of your insolence.
  I will rush this.
  I'm putting it, this will be a rapid operation.
  I'll get, I will have this pan at least by the end of the week.
  Dad, it's not working.
  Well, we'd go to the French toast universe and steal the French toast.
  It pours from the ground, you know.
  Oh, dad, we don't, we're going to be late for school.
  That sounds right up.
  How could there be such a thing?  Of course, universe, it's all French toast.
  You're making up shit.
  You cut to them like they're in the pan.
  Don't swear.
  They're in the pancake universe.
  Dad, this isn't the French toast universe.
  Close enough.
  Why be so picky?  Richard's has fooled me again.
  They're stuck there.
  Eat their way out.
  Oh, perfect.
  That is an Academy Award ready to go for whoever.
  Who could that, you know, who's the guy in Buster Scruggs?  Tim Blake Nelson.
  Yeah, Tim Blake Nelson.
  Okay, sure.
  Welcome to the MCU, Tim Blake Nelson.
  The most affecting, nuanced Dr.
 Doom.
  I would love a run of Oscar winners where it's like real big scene shooing performances.
  It's just like, well, they played a real person, so we got to give them the award.
  They got the walk down and they got the voice down.
  Yeah, yeah, you want Doom.
  You want Doom to win is really what you want.
  Yeah, it'll happen.
  Multiple comic book characters should win an Oscar.
  That's what I'm waiting for.
  Doom to win and then I don't know, whoever.
  Swear that it's only, yeah.
  Well, what's a favor?  Who do you want?  Who do you want to say, wow, they won an Oscar for playing this person?  A Gambit of the X-Men.
  I'd like two Gambits to be nominated in one year.
  Who previously played Gambit?  Taylor Kitsch has only played Gambit.
  And Channing Tatum developed it for years.
  But then it didn't go.
  And it didn't go.
  So yeah, I'd like there to be a situation where two different men are nominated for  Gambit in one year and they're against each other because somehow.
  Gambit versus Gambit.
  It could be Gambit.
  Well, that's eventually, oh yeah, you're right.
  Maybe that's like the sequel to the two different Gambits.
  There's a Gambit versus Gambit.
  Gambits are getting divorced.
  You marry them and you divorce them.
  And then, yeah.
  Will there be, okay, here's a question.
  Will there be in our lifetime in Oscars where all the choices for best performance  in one of the categories are superheroes?  I think they're going to have to.
  There's no choice but to do that.
  They are just bleeding viewers.
  All of the extreme interest in the Oscars this year via Twitter clips stolen from  Japanese television of the bizarre thing that happened.
  That doesn't help their ratings.
  Right.
  So they ban the guy if they want ratings.
  Will hosts next year.
  Yeah, I mean, it's going to be like punches everybody who all the nominated Gambits.
  All right.
  A whole best supporting Gambit will be a category.
  That's great.
  I'm loving this.
  Best supporting Gambit in like 2033.
  Yeah, we got closer with that.
  The time out of the telecast was taken to talk.
  It was like most epic scream worthy.
  Yes, it was the flash thing.
  Yeah.
  Speed Force.
  What was the category?  Most screamable streamable.
  Yeah, what was it?  Most stand up and yellable.
  Ezra.
  The most sure to not be canceled within six months of this.
  Ezra Miller used the Speed Force to run to Hawaii and beat the shit out of some residents.
  And that was on the Oscars.
  Less people stood up and clapped for that.
  But they're getting there is what I'm saying.
  Got a lot stupider.
  Flash will be on every Oscar telecast going forward.
  There will be flash.
  Yeah.
  Let's we got to talk about what happens in the ride.
  Like the story is this is what drew me to I was like what's like how complex could this thing be?  But as I read the story, I'm like, wow, what an interesting justification.
  Of just an up and down ride.
  Yes.
  And it's yeah, it doesn't need to be this, especially because of the simplicity of the ride.
  So you know, one thing that grabbed my attention that I like a lot is that the place that you're  in, it's not just some evil lab, you're in the Latvarian embassy.
  So he has taken, he is set up kind of a goodwill operation in Islands of Adventure as theme parks  are a host to many different it's it's the things that it's a world's fair where labs are set up  and open houses and all these companies are very inviting.
  Come in and see, we'll show you everything or we'll train you in something and then all these  things go wrong.
  But in a way, this ride defies that because yeah, it's open house at the Latvarian embassy,  but exactly what he wants to happen happens.
  Yes.
  Nothing goes horribly wrong.
  Right.
  It's what he says, come in, I want to extract fear from you.
  And he does it.
  Yeah, because Spider-Man and Hulk, things go wrong on both of them.
  Those were not supposed to be the experiences they promised you.
  This is kind of defying the trope, isn't it?  You're told what's going to happen and then it happens.
  And then you hear it's a weird thing that he's so upfront about it, but it fits with this  profile of Dr.
 Doom you guys are painting.
  We're like, well, well, he was honest with us.
  He told you when he was confident.
  Yeah, no, he told you the big picture.
  He told you all of the picture.
  He gave you the full rundown about the dynamo and about the fear fuel, you know?  Well, so what let's condense this.
  What's the cliff notes of the way we know he's extracting fear fuel, but it is that  this the the the lift, the ride is an invention of his that is designed to be very scary and  make you very afraid.
  And then he's going to suck liquid fear out of the top of your head, it seems,  from the diagrams shown in the custom videos.
  Yeah, I see what you're saying.
  These are very impressive.
  They are.
  Yeah, it's like J Ward style.
  Goof is kind of a universal trademark of this time period because there's sort of the  Goof is in gallon and the men in black you too.
  There is the bumbling back to the future test dummies are a little bit.
  Yes.
  Yeah, the Dudley do right videos.
  The whimsy of the time.
  Yeah, is here.
  More than any other sort of a 60s throwback and what's a little bit retro.
  It's a little film strips.
  But so all right, so machines can extract your fear.
  Hang on.
  I have some questions about this.
  The Latvarian Embassy clears up all of the questions with the video.
  They explain exactly how it works.
  I mean, you know, you know, I'm better.
  So there's one that's kind of a general.
  Here's what's up in Latveria.
  Yeah, it's kind of a it's a it's a pretty funny because  it's like a very like bucolic narration, but everyone looks very sickly and fucked up.
  It's it's Latveria is often portrayed as very rural and agrarian to the point of.
  Like it's almost comedic how much it's like peasant people in the 1960s, you know, to today.
  But there's there's strong national pride, whether or not they are.
  Choosing whether or not you can have an opinion in this.
  Yeah, and it kind of goes back and forth between who's writing them  because sometimes it is like a very poverty stricken country because doom has taken the whole GDP  and put it towards conquering various things or coming up with whatever mischief.
  And then other times it's like, yeah, no, he's right.
  There's no crime here.
  Everyone has a job.
  Everyone has food.
  They put them back in.
  Yeah, they put it right.
  Democracy didn't work.
  We need the iron grip of an evil dictator magician.
  Kind of a reoccurring tool in the Marvel universe because in the late 90s, the UN just went fuck it.
  Just give Genosha to Magneto.
  This is easier than fighting him.
  That's true.
  Yeah, the comics have explored a lot of different solutions to world issues, I think, in their mind.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And still to this day.
  So the answer we're all looking for in this tumultuous time might be in a comic.
  In the pages of a comic book.
  Yes.
  They say they shouldn't be studied in schools.
  No.
  Yeah.
  I say.
  Yeah, all those people saying they shouldn't be studied in schools, I see all of you.
  No way.
  They should be.
  That's what I say.
  Study them.
  I'm pulling that from a special feature about when the Batman movie was made.
  Yeah, in 1976, nobody wanted you to look at a comic book.
  I picture like 85-year-old Steve Allen being mad about it.
  Made me think of him when he was in the TV council.
  That's what I'm thinking of.
  Jack Benny thought it was filth.
  Yeah.
  So then there's some interesting kind of satire in these propaganda videos.
  The quote I wrote down was that, well, hang on.
  I guess we have to explain.
  The fear fall is the invention.
  But the fear is being extracted on the fear fall to power another invention.
  And that invention, which we don't see, we just hear about it, that's called the Fusion Dynamo.
  I think it's one of the gadgets in the line.
  I think it's one of the big kind of doodads in the line.
  OK, that makes sense.
  So you pass the Fusion Dynamo.
  The fear is going to fuel the Fusion Dynamo, a powerful super weapon created to destroy,  by Doom, to destroy the Fantastic Four.
  So this system has been in use for a long time in Latveria.
  Yes.
  Citizens line up.
  They do their duty.
  He extracts their fear.
  Which leads to this quote that the Fusion Dynamo, this big gun basically,  is a peacekeeping device so powerful it would destroy our country's enemies once and for all.
  That is a great joke.
  That is really funny.
  And which then would secure Doom's rightful place as supreme ruler of the formerly free world.
  This is fun stuff.
  I had no way to pass by this again because I'm never going to go on the ride.
  I had no idea these delightful little videos were playing in there.
  That really falls, like these videos and just sort of like my favorite versions of Fantastic Four,  I guess like the original run of Fantastic Four or like Mark Wade's run on Fantastic Four.
  It has the spirit of fun, funny, pop art.
  Yeah, cosmic, super science.
  Not too heavy.
  It can get heavy if it wants, but like I would say probably because it's,  people were doing like kind of sort of J Ward retro stuff at the time.
  But I also think this fits really well, like historically with Fantastic Four stuff.
  Like the, like I think, I forget who pitched it.
  Was it Peyton Reed or something?  It was like 60s Fantastic Four movie, like doing a fun sort of retro style.
  Like this all just lends itself to that property in my mind.
  That's all the stuff I like about it.
  The Jack Kirby art that you have on your shirt.
  It's like very retro and fun.
  And these videos are like in that spirit.
  That's what I like.
  Even the Incredibles, you've seen the Incredibles.
  Like Incredibles has taken a lot from Fantastic Four.
  Oh, definitely.
  Yeah.
  Don't the powers essentially line up?  They're very similar.
  Very similar.
  Family kind of.
  But there's a lot of mid-century modern architecture in the Incredibles.
  And like there's a little pop up, the music and stuff.
  Kind of forever 60s basically.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, that fits really nicely in my dream version of the Fantastic Four.
  Yeah.
  Another one where you meet an individual, a character named Leopold.
  And he's taught about the big picture because he's confused.
  Why is this fear extracting machine a good thing?  But once you see the big picture, you know, that it's ultimately  so that a big gun can be fired at anybody who opposes doom's rule in Liberia.
  So that's all fun.
  And then you, now you've been there.
  Are we missing anything in the story, in the queue?  No, I mean, the videos are shown on, I think an interesting choice.
  And I don't know how they settled on, but it's like a big vertical screen.
  Like it's a long screen and it's kind of in between like banners or flags or stuff.
  It just fits in right.
  And it just looks, it's interesting in a way that a lot of the men in black stuff  is still four by three TVs.
  But this is aged because it's kind of not really glued to any time period.
  Well, yeah, the long ways.
  It's what the kids want.
  Yeah.
  This is like, what's like Quidditch?  So it's come back around.
  Yeah.
  This is before.
  Casimir got his idea.
  He was rewriting this ride and he saw the screen like that.
  Yeah.
  And he said, oh, this screen equals take over the world.
  And that's how the Quibi idea was born.
  Wow.
  The turnstile technology, a crazy invention like Dr.
 Doom himself would dream up.
  Yep.
  I'll say this kind of a negative about some of the operations of this ride is that if you  do have an express pass, you go around the entrance, you go around the main entrance  and upstairs outside.
  Here's the issue.
  And you go right to the loading.
  Here's the issue with this.
  Here's the issue.
  You do miss the queue, which is a big part of this because the ride is so short and not  themed on the actual thrill part of it.
  Yeah, I see.
  That's kind of a part of the part of the experience.
  Well, how long does this line get?  How long am I sitting in?  It's not usually that long.
  Yeah, I don't think I don't think it can.
  You got two towers, so we're loading a lot.
  Yeah.
  They're fitting a lot of riders onto this thing.
  And I feel like this is not a super popular ride in the sense that I don't see people  posting about it a lot in the way they might Hulk or Spider-Man.
  Well, I think it's hard to record footage on it.
  I mean, Universal has done some like the roots are going to ride it and they get very upset.
  Sure.
  And they had a video where like.
.
.
  Did Jimmy Fallon do it or just the roots?  Jimmy Fallon sent the roots.
  Because Jimmy rode the Rock Coaster with Kevin Hart?  Yes.
  Okay.
  And that was in the other park, but he sent the roots to Dr.
 Doom.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  And then there's another video.
  Come on, Jimmy.
  I mean, I'm not I'm one to talk, I guess.
  Jimmy did the Rock Coaster though.
  He was that's pretty hardcore.
  He wasn't too afraid to rock.
  I'll say that.
  I like that about him.
  Yeah.
  Well, he's a music guy.
  That's true.
  So he there's a video too, when like Universal like had like a talking head kind of run of videos  five or six years ago, like a Maria Menounos type.
  There's a guy and he's like, I've written the whole setup was he's like,  I've written every ride in this park, but this one, because I don't like heights,  but I'm going to do it.
  And then he starts to chicken out and then Doom is there, like prodding him and Doom.
  This is my dream is he gets it.
  Doom gets him in the safety heart.
  Doom checks his safety harness.
  Whoa.
  Your dream is Doom to check your safety harness?  Well, for Doom to put me in the Doom ride.
  Okay.
  Pull that strap if you could.
  Do give that another turn.
  Yellow strap.
  Tug on it, please.
  I got to check my old laptop.
  I thought I had a picture on Instagram of me and Doom.
  Have you?  Yeah, I was gonna say, have you met him?  Like 10 years ago.
  I don't think I met Doom at Islands of Adventure.
  Yeah, I did.
  Yeah, I got a picture too with the walk around.
  Really?  It looks pretty good.
  Is it metal or is it like plastic?  I think it's like a split the different.
  It's not like glossy metal.
  I think it's it's plastic.
  I met Cyclops.
  I have a photo of Cyclops and some of the X-Men, but I don't think I met Doom.
  Yeah, I just happened to catch him.
  He was standing outside the alleyway to this ride.
  Okay.
  That's why I didn't go on the ride.
  Don't want to bother you.
  Just big fan.
  I'm sure you hear it all the time.
  I have given you so much fear juice, my man.
  He'll probably more than this water bottle, I would think.
  Probably like 10 of these things.
  This is maybe a big part why it doesn't have a big ride is it is set back from the main drag.
  Yes.
  Hulk you see when you walk in.
  Spider-Man has a queue right in the center of the land as an entryway and a marquee.
  It would be easy to miss this.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, that might be part of it too.
  But yeah, I just meant that it's not, I don't think it makes people's lists as much,  but there's a lot here as we're talking about.
  This is infuriating to say to Jason.
  You've just said this is not pop people.
  Don't talk about it.
  His anger juice is rising.
  He's giving off so much anger juice.
  I think it deserves to be higher on the list.
  What's what we're doing here today?  We're raising awareness.
  But also I benefit because then I don't have to wait for too long for it.
  So after this episode comes out, it's going to be the rush.
  We're going to give this thing.
  It's going to be like the gold rush.
  Second wave.
  The gold rush, whatever year that was 150 years ago.
  Gold rush right to Florida.
  Fear juice rush.
  To give, give, give doom the fear juice.
  So now you're next time we go, we're going to wait for like 90 minutes.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I walked through this, the embassy portion of this queue pretty quickly,  except I was stopping to watch the videos and I took pictures and I was like,  Mike, there's a whole doctor.
  There's so much I forgot about.
  Yeah.
  I didn't, I didn't remember that before you said anything.
  Yeah.
  Because obviously I was scared of the ride.
  I didn't want to do it, but I haven't seen any of the, yeah.
  Not a person.
  I'm like gone into the line.
  I should have.
  And yeah, but I should.
  Yeah.
  So, so I didn't, I didn't even realize it was all there, which I regret now.
  Not at least going and then chickening out.
  But then I guess I couldn't chicken out because I, I would be so embarrassed.
  Well, but if you do chicken out, the, the upstairs  walkway, once you get out of the interior or the line and stuff, the, the spot where you load into  the towers is really close to the X.
  Like you could just go like, you know what?  I'm going to go and just kind of like go around.
  Yeah.
  But then like what if doom was there and he saw me, they might have them ready just for that.
  For like with this video they filmed.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And it's coward.
  And then I I'm just giving off all this coward juice, the cowardly juice that's coming out of my  head, which he can't do anything with.
  He's got to like dispose of that somewhere else, like bacon grease.
  Yeah.
  That's like, that's a nuisance to him.
  I got to make a trip to a plant now.
  Well, he cooks for his daughter with that cowardly juice.
  He uses it.
  He just, I'll use it for something for the French toast.
  It actually, you know, coward, coward juice kind of gives it a certain little tinge.
  Yeah.
  So it really helped the relationship.
  Grilled cheese.
  It's an old diner trick.
  One aspect of this story also is that he has, okay, so he's been, he's been yanking fear juice  out of people for a long time, but he's exhausted his Latvarian supply.
  He does like everybody who's going to do it there has done it.
  You got to go somewhere else.
  So he chooses Orlando, Florida as so many evil or good or just inventive businesses do.
  It all lands in Florida.
  It's a hub.
  It's a hub of fear.
  I've been thinking about relocating to Lake Nona.
  It's kind of an exciting area.
  It's on the road.
  Hustling and bustling they say.
  But he, but anyway, this, this premise that like I got to go to America.
  Well, let me, I'm going to get into here.
  What I, Mike, my text message conversation with Chris Cantwell, who joined us  long ago to talk about dog patch USA, a very fun episode from a couple years ago.
  So him being a person who is, has been fully steeped in Dr.
 Doom,  who spent a lot of time thinking about Dr.
 Doom, writing the character.
  I was, I was interested in a couple aspects of this.
  I just laid out, I gave him a paragraph of here's what the story is.
  And question one, does this, does this line up?  Does this like logically make sense?  Dr.
 Doom has a big contraption is going to extract fear just from people to power  the fusion dynamo.
  And his, his first thought was, well, it seems like Dr.
 Doom has just seen Monsters Inc.
  And is rerouting the idea into something similar.
  I said, well, he did beat the fusion dynamo as it does beat Monsters Inc.
  So he did get there.
  It did get there first.
  But I just said, harnessing fear.
  Does that seem consistent with the characters?  That seemed like something you would do because I don't understand.
  I don't know the history in the ins and outs.
  And he said 100% because Dr.
 Doom is not only a brilliant scientist,  but also a gifted sorcerer as you laid out, noting that he once fought the devil.
  So he said, well, okay, so this either has to be a biometric psycho enzymatic energy system,  never before fathomed, or he's using really potent dark arts to fuel his plans.
  I just really hope that the ride clarified because he is always very specific.
  Does this fall more on the science end of things or more on the God end of things?  I think it's science.
  Yeah, that's my inclination.
  Yeah.
  Now, I don't quite understand how it works.
  I can't picture what liquid fear is.
  It feels like it's verging on sorcery, but he's probably mixing the two  in everything he does.
  Well, right, because the way that they're showing it off is a very simplistic way,  but it does feel like it's, yeah, juice that's flowing out of a head.
  But I guess it could be representing the idea that's leaving the head.
  Is it sweat in a way?  I mean, you don't always sweat because you're afraid,  but you might sweat a lot if you're afraid.
  Yeah.
  Is it aura?  Is it like an energy field you're giving off?  Maybe.
  Well, this is, you know what?  It's unclear in Monsters Inc.
 in a way, too.
  You see those cans a lot, the scream can, and then it kind of comes out like a gas more often,  but I don't really know what's going into those.
  Cans when you're when a kid screams, what, what are you bottling up?  Maybe it is something you can't see.
  It's invisible like COVID-19 or something.
  I think it's well, what particles are smaller?  Fear particles or COVID particles?  Is it like a propane?  Is propane a liquid sometimes and a gas other times?  I don't fully understand.
  Uh, maybe that's right.
  I think you can have liquid propane.
  States like a lot of women's would have.
  But yeah, maybe it's like, uh, uh, it's smaller than a quark.
  I don't know.
  What are fear particles?  If it manifests itself in sweat, Orlando, Florida is a great starting point for sure.
  Literal.
  Maybe it is truly just sweat.
  It's just sweat and it's got your fear in it.
  It's just collecting jugs of sweat.
  Yeah.
  Jugs of sweat out in the flora heat.
  Yeah.
  And if it's boiling and bubbling.
  And sweat has a different signature on it, depending on what emotion caused it or what  feeling caused it.
  So if you're sweating, cause like, uh, a lady walked by on a beach that you found attractive,  that would be a different signature in the sweat than if you were afraid of dropping  a high distance.
  Yeah.
  If you're sweating because a character put their snoot against your face.
  If you were at, yeah, if you were at Mickey's kitchen and a snoot was rubbed on your head  and, uh, you heard a noise through the snoot, then yeah, that sweat that you're pouring  out of your pores is going to be different than the fear sweat.
  So maybe that's what it is.
  He has no use for that.
  That's why he didn't station at Lake Pointa Vista.
  He did it over.
  Exactly.
  In the universal side of things.
  Exactly.
  Um, here's the other, so that was just, I was just like, does this logic make sense?  Does this seemly said, yes, absolutely.
  That's viable adds up.
  And then I, then I had a follow up question, which is if you were handed this story, uh,  this is, this is going to be the story arc for your next issue.
  It's this way.
  We figured out it's the fusion dynamo and the fear extracting.
  Does this add up?  What would you say in a story meeting?  Would you have any concerns?  So he said, my one qualm would be that he would use the device on his own citizens.
  He famously loved Latvarians and makes it so they want for nothing.
  Although they aren't allowed to speak out against the state.
  They're mostly really happy, although there is resistance.
  So I'd make it that he was using the fear fall invention against people resisting him  from inside the country, like captured underground members.
  Oh, what do you think of this?  Is that a decent?  That's great.
  No sense.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That makes some extra, some logic applied from somebody who's  lived with a character for a long time.
  Right.
  Um, would he make the machine fun?  That's question.
  Would it be, would you get a thrill ride?  Would it be fun?  Thrill out of it.
  Or does that, I don't know.
  I mean, you'd have to, I, I don't have the answer to that.
  Um, but if it, you know, maybe like a relative,  a fear juice is like, uh, giggle juice.
  Okay.
  Maybe there's some shock.
  They switched to laughter.
  Oh yeah.
  Maybe he's figuring that out too, that actually it was more powerful because everyone was having  so much fun.
  Come here.
  Let's doom tickle you.
  And yeah, then he dismantles the machine and he did, why build that when I could just have  some feathers.
  Dooms tickle fast.
  Dr.
 Doom's that tickle fest new summer, 2022.
  If it's an Island's adventure, Jason's going to be so excited.
  Oh man.
  Whatever it is.
  Don't care.
  Anyway, I like that note.
  I mean, the videos kind of helped me explain, it helped me understand that like they are  volunteering.
  They're also kind of brainwashed.
  Like, yes, I would love to give Dr.
 Doom my fear, but I see the point that, oh, is that  yeah, maybe he wouldn't want to like torture, like, you know, like, you know, like, you  know, torture, but then it is as we're discovering.
  I don't know.
  I think that's a good little, that's a smart character turn that justifies past mythology  and I don't know, goes to show Chris could move Dr.
 Doom to any medium that he wished.
  I like this.
  I just like this theme park logic.
  I think you could apply, you could ask him to square the circle of any number of rides.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Do we have like, are there, are there logic issues that were, I'm trying to think.
  We're pretty flawless.
  You know, pretty, yeah, we know all theme park rides are airtight, but who is evac?  Why didn't Bumblebee, why isn't Bumblebee just the star of the ride?  That's clear.
  No, it's clear.
  That's all clear.
  That's all clear.
  That's all clear.
  Okay.
  That was truly, that episode was such a flurry.
  I did not, my evac section just went out the door.
  I had a lot of questions about evac, but it's not the time.
  Not the time.
  Okay.
  We sewed it up.
  It's very clear now that, that Transformers is better than Residual System.
  We solved it.
  One week, Mike's going off, going off on Trans, going off about Transformers.
  Next week, I'm going buck wild on Doctor Doom.
  You know, just getting it out of our system.
  You say as you gingerly kick your leg.
  As I gingerly kick my leg.
  I'm going buck wild.
  Like a schoolboy.
  Like a little, like a young schoolboy.
  Like a schoolboy on a Thursday afternoon.
  Just talking about my buddy Victor.
  You know what was going buck wild was when you brought this up as an episode topic.
  And I said, I'm just going to ask a question.
  I'm nervous to ask the question, but I'm going to say the question.
  Are we sure this is a main feat?  And I was not done with the question before the yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That was Jason's anger juice coming out.
  Yeah.
  But you know what?  Like I said, I didn't know all this was there.
  Sure.
  I know we're getting fun little videos.
  I didn't know that we're, this has to be besides the tower of terrors.
  And I consider that kind of a different genre.
  Leg danglers with the, with the, the, the industry term leg danglers.
  Yeah.
  This is the only leg dangler with a story that involves a mythology that people are  invested in.
  Like you guys, you got to show up and well, not you, Mike, but Jason got to partake in  a proud legacy by going on this leg dangler.
  They're interesting story too of what wasn't built.
  There's a lot of cool concept art where this ride was going to use the, what is the  phrase?  The Intamin first generation free fall.
  And this might look familiar.
  This is at a lot of like Six Flags parks.
  Sometimes it's labeled like Superman or Superman the escape.
  Yeah.
  Cool.
  This is, it's the kind that's more of that like ramps down.
  So you end the ride on your back.
  Yes.
  It's L shape.
  So you're going to wear a little cage.
  It, it has an elevator and it kind of pushes you forward at the top and then you drop and  you kind of drop on a curve.
  Yeah.
  And you end you on your back.
  It, a couple of websites said Disney did briefly consider this for tower of terror.
  And then they were like, oh, we'll just build our own system.
  You know, better than a cage where you're lying.
  It's better than a cage.
  But if you were a water slide in a box,  that that parking metal water, that movie park in Italy, we talked about during the  European vacation tower of terror, which is that style.
  Yeah.
  Where you go forward and then you drop and you end up on your back.
  You know, it's really rickety.
  Yeah.
  Really not safe.
  It ended up being with the kind of companies S and S.
  S and S worldwide is their current name.
  And this is a, oh, sorry.
  I was going to say that like most of these kinds of things, if there's a launch,  probably that company built it.
  The expired defunct California adventure ride, the Malibu boomer was the same company.
  And the Santa slightly less high.
  It was a sure.
  And this is a ride that I did do that.
  I was like tricked into doing or not tricked.
  I knew what it did, but boy, was it more intense than I thought it was going to be very  terrible.
  The most terrified I've ever been.
  What was the ride profile of the Malibu boomer again?  Was it a slow dangle with dangling?  Exactly the same.
  You lift up a tiny bit and then you're shot way up and then it's kind of back and forth,  back and forth.
  Got it.
  I would love to read the internal documents of what is the story of the Malibu boomer.
  What is it?  Well, isn't it?  It's a big carnival game.
  You are the little, you're the ringing the bell.
  I don't know what it is that shoots up to ring the bell.
  The ball, you're the ball.
  It's ringing the bell.
  A disc, a puck.
  What hits the bell?  We are carnival boys.
  We're theme park boys.
  So I don't know.
  Talking about the hammer that you try to hit and the prize.
  Okay.
  If you are the giant.
  That was the idea.
  Again, not so convey, but I think there were scores on the tower.
  Yeah.
  Now I can picture it as you're saying this.
  So that one got taken down.
  There are a bunch.
  You know what is the same type of ride is the ride at the very top of the stratosphere,  which is it was at some point in time was the tallest ride, not the tallest ride,  but the highest ride in the world.
  The ride that gets you the highest in the world.
  And that's what Jason's going to jump off of one day.
  One day.
  It's the stratosphere.
  Yeah.
  Those rides have changed so many times.
  The roller coaster, I believe it's long gone  because it was a bit in the S.
  This I think is still there, but there's a change that I didn't know about.
  I missed the point in time where the stratosphere became the strat.
  Oh, it's the strat.
  Yeah.
  Strat.
  Yeah.
  It's our buddy.
  It's been around so long.
  I didn't know this at all.
  Yeah.
  I missed that.
  The strat.
  I was staring at the article for the strat.
  Is it on the building?  Does it say that?  I think so.
  Sign.
  Yeah.
  That's what you pull up to.
  You know, which is interesting.
  And my only note would be that it's stupid.
  All uppercase too.
  Oh, that's part of the change?  The strat.
  Yeah.
  The strat.
  So it's meant to be shouted.
  Wow.
  Really?  You're only allowed to say it with like a group of your rowdy friends.
  The strat.
  Oh my goodness.
  I mean, I think the rotating restaurant is probably the big selling point of the strat.
  Like at the top, the cocktail bar and restaurant up there.
  More than the rides?  I, yeah, maybe more than the rides at this point.
  There's a drop still up there.
  Vegas, not known for aesthetic consistency, but I looked at the strat website a bit and been like,  I don't know what this place is deal is.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm shocked.
  So anyway, but the thing that those rides don't have is story.
  Right.
  Is placemaking.
  Well, and then, okay, then before we wrap it up,  the ride itself, once you're on the vehicle, then you're looking at the doors that you enter through.
  They're just doors.
  You think when you're going through them one way, but when you get in position,  big Dr.
 Doom head staring at you, eyes flashing.
  Yeah.
  They do play up the dictator angle of like images of him everywhere.
  Yeah.
  In the comics and in the ride.
  Jason's got him on a shirt.
  Or I got him on the shirt.
  I got this on Etsy.
  I forget the name of the account.
  I bought it from.
  But I look it up.
  There was Jason showed that promo art or the possible art with the water slide with the box,  but it had a big green goblin head.
  And I always want to say, like I was going to mention earlier, like big heads.
  I like it.
  Big heads are awesome.
  That's a big green goblin head.
  I'm not exactly sure what that was going to be in that art.
  Jason, what do you think from there?  Well, it says labyrinth.
  It almost looks like some sort of haunted house or something.
  Green goblin haunted house.
  Yes, please.
  This appears to be a Doctor Octopus spinner ride where each arm holds his tentacles.
  That looks so great.
  I don't know how it would have aged, but.
  Creepy and almost medieval a little bit.
  That's an interesting vibe that is not the vibe of Marvel and Islands of Adventure.
  One website credited this concept art to Neil Adams.
  The recently passed away comics legend.
  Actually, I could see that in the green goblin face.
  Now that you talk about it, it does look like his style.
  I don't know that it is, but it looks like it to me.
  There's a piece of art online that was credited to Neil Adams for Dudley Do-Rex Rips All Falls.
  They might have just had him doing concept sketches.
  That's big heads.
  Big heads in theme park worlds.
  Big heads in something like Krusty and Krustyland.
  Big heads.
  Maybe this goes back to my wanting to see Optimus Prime's giant head.
  Maybe that is.
  That's where the big head comes at.
  Yeah.
  Maybe it is a big, maybe it's wanting to see these things at the highest possible scale.
  But Doom, it's, Doom or a green goblin, obviously those,  those are heads I have a lot of affection for already.
  Two of my favorite heads for sure.
  I've got a lot of, now I'm blanking on big heads in, I can't picture a lot in Disney.
  Like on the outside of a building.
  Kong Skull Island is a big head.
  It's kind of only his head.
  It's just like upper shoulders.
  I mean the robot at the end.
  Yeah, the robot at the end is a big head.
  This feels different than what I think you're describing.
  You're right.
  You're talking about an exterior head that is not even, it's not, Krusty's not Krusty.
  It's a representation of Krusty.
  Yeah, it's sort of right.
  Woody, Toy Story in Japan.
  Yes, thank you.
  That's perfect.
  Yeah, in Toy Story Land in Japan, a big Woody head.
  I like the big Woody head.
  Giant heads in general are really great.
  But yeah, big Doom head and big Green Goblin.
  Are there any on the Disneyland property?  Is there a big head?  Am I crazy for not conjuring what is a big, especially when you walk,  do you like walking through the big head's mouth?  It would be, I mean you go in Monstro on Storybook.
  That's a big head.
  No, I know.
  I'm just thinking through this here.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Just picture in big stuff.
  It feels like a big head doesn't go, there's no big head room in most of the lands.
  Like that wouldn't thematically fit.
  I know, so I'm flashing a California adventure.
  Are we looking, whoa, big head.
  Are people yelling about, this is the big head.
  Do you go through the rock bear's mouth and the grizzly rapids ride?  No.
  You do not.
  No, that'd be a thousand times better ride if you did.
  Yes.
  No, I don't think there's a big head in Disneyland.
  More big heads.
  Get big heads in Disneyland, clearly.
  Yeah.
  You would have loved that hotel where you were supposed to be,  like the hotel is Mickey Mouse's body.
  One of Eisner's first ideas when he showed up.
  One of the brilliant ideas of that man that didn't get built.
  Yeah, the leg straddling Riverside Drive.
  Mickey's.
  No way.
  So many people would have gone by and just fired rifles into his crotch.
  Stay in Mickey's spleen.
  I'm in the Mickey's spleen suite.
  It's a great idea though, honestly.
  I'm in his right pinky toe where, yeah, it's kind of, I don't know,  but at least it's close to the restaurant.
  Where are you at?  It is.
  It is, no, it's good.
  We want that to be built though, right?  Yeah, sure.
  Oh, I live over by the big Mecca Mickey in Verbeck.
  You can see it from space.
  Yeah, you know, the big Ultraman Mickey.
  Yeah.
  Other thing I learned about this that when Doom taught, there's a line in this ride  that you, I believe this is said when you're on it, that he says,  your terror sucked from the very marrow of your being.
  Love that.
  And the Doom voice in this, I believe, is a Doom voice in other stuff, in cartoons around that time.
  But then I'm looking through the, what has this voice actor done?  Neil Ross is the name, the one that screamed at me,  the announcer of the video that Marty watches about the Bif Tanan Museum.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  My favorite things.
  Probably had the most impact of any scene on me as a kid because it made me realize I don't want  to make movies.
  I want to make things like that.
  I want to make the Bif Tanan video.
  That's funny because as a kid, I also want to be like, I want to write,  uh, in Doom bots ignore safety warnings and set for maximum extraction.
  Ignore, he sells them to ignore the, yeah.
  Oh, so you don't realize, and then doesn't he say like, put your head against the headrest.
  I don't want to miss a drop.
  Prepare to be terrorized.
  Don't want to miss a drop.
  It's drops.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it is liquid.
  There is a juice element.
  Yeah.
  He is juicing you.
  Yeah, it is.
  I bet it's.
  Wow.
  I bet it's coming under sweat.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's gotta be what it is.
  Huh?  So this is, it's a big sweat extracting machine.
  It's kind of like, it's a, it's really, it's the kind of thing that they like a kooky invention  to make you skinny from 1910.
  It would just shake you.
  Yeah.
  Weird barrel that would, yeah.
  And they would, yeah, they would like sauna you until you lost weight or passed out and died.
  See, now this is, I wasn't, I didn't even realize you didn't know about the Q videos.
  No, no idea.
  The whole storyline.
  I was, when you said, you know, is there enough here, in my head, I was like, well,  fear juice is going to be like 45 minutes just on it.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Fear juice.
  You knew it.
  You had it ready to go and you've, and you fought for doom.
  You defended doom and his honor.
  And I made, this has to be just a great moment for you, a victory for you.
  Sure.
  To have been able to profess your love of doom and be a soldier in his army.
  I just have lots of fond memories riding with my dad and, and, you know, just, yeah, it's,  don't sleep on it folks.
  It's, it's fun, great views, whatever angle you get on, usually not a terribly long rate.
  And now that I am older and the Hulk hurts my brain, this is still pretty pleasant to ride.
  Well, we did go front row Hulk.
  I don't know how you didn't get me to drag me onto this.
  I don't know.
  What happened?  You were, you were running off to.
  Is that why?  You might've been going to NXT.
  Yeah.
  But I feel like you should be like, come on, you gotta do this.
  I, yeah, I don't know.
  You weren't pushing enough.
  That's more of a you thing.
  That's, I don't, I want to razz you too much because you were watching the clock and you were like, oh.
  It's your fault.
  Okay.
  That's fine.
  You should have done it.
  To me, help me out.
  I think I mentioned it earlier in the day and you started talking about like dangly.
  It said, I was like, yeah, it's great.
  You should have given me shit.
  Like your feet, I've been kicking my feet subconsciously most of this time.
  Cause I'm thinking about your imagining your, oh wow.
  Love the danglies.
  Yeah.
  You've been picturing yourself on this thing the whole time as if you've been losing drops of fear juice.
  Sure.
  Your brain.
  But nothing to fear.
  It's been a delight at this.
  And you know, I'm glad I know about all this.
  I like the, I like Latveria.
  I'd like to watch a big like game of Thrones about the politics of Latveria.
  Oh, just announced fantastic fours dates.
  What is it?  The end of 2024?  I don't know.
  Is that right?  They announced so much at Comic-Con.
  My head was spinning.
  I lost track.
  And they stole D23 to announce more.
  Well, they clearly were saving a couple for that.
  So yeah, you'll see.
  King go.
  Maybe who knows?  He may be around the corner.
  You never know.
  They didn't mention him though, but he'll be back.
  But they're never going to, they're not going to announce what I want with now, which is just the full, a full Latverian examination at this end to get into the, to bring the fear fall device to the big screen.
  Well, that's true.
  I mean, look, the pace of these things coming out are very fast, but there's so many of them.
  There's like five years between like sequels.
  So maybe if you're lucky, you could work on it in eight years.
  Yes.
  Bring fear fall to the, the Disney plus the Disney neural link, whatever it is at the time.
  So do you think they'll be okay with that?  Mine is about that.
  There's like a, there's high jinx at the fear juice storage facility and like some, some bumbling fear juice technicians, like the knock a bunch of barrels over and then slip and fall.
  I think what'll happen.
  And then there's fear juice.
  Like they accidentally drink it and then they're having people's dark memories.
  What's going to, okay.
  What's going to happen is it's Comic-Con 2041.
  Kevin Feige is 85 years old and he's announced old, 2067.
  Kevin Feige is 80 years old.
  He comes out on stage.
  He announces 50 movies, but then he says, we have a very special surprise.
  Who here is a fan of the fantastic four and people cheer.
  And he says, who here is a fan of Scott Garner and everyone cheers justice loudly.
  And you come out on stage.
  By then because the work will be 68, 69 years old.
  And then you, you just say, Hey, who knows what this is?  And you hold up a glass of fear juice and then you drink it on stage and haul H at Comic-Con.
  The place goes nuts.
  And then you start hallucinating and explain that you are doing this project.
  Finally on Disney plus.
  I'm hallucinating.
  I don't know.
  I mean, in this world, okay, okay, hold on, hold on.
  I'm just, this is all blue sky on the top of my head.
  You know, rock just came out as black Adam in character with effects at hall H a couple days ago.
  So maybe it'll be sort of a presentation, a show busy presentation where you drink the fear juice  and then you're like the fear fall, like the tower rises from the stage or something.
  And then I have too much for just a pass out and then the towers rise up out of the crack out of.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
  You could also adapt the comic where doom meets a kiss and they fight.
  Whoa.
  And this is from cbr.
com.
  How was doom defeated?  Well, Paul Stanley uses his magical black ninja star to have doom relive the memory of his father dying.
  So also they note about this and I did know this about this comic.
  I've never seen it, but I did know this actual blood was taken from the band members and mixed  with the red ink in the comic book.
  Yeah.
  I remember reading that wizard magazine that that was happening.
  Did they ever do that for anything?  Was that ever like a gimmick and on album covers or anything?  Oh yeah.
  I think they may have done that.
  Yeah.
  For an album cover.
  I think so.
  Mark Grunwald.
  I was going to say Mark Grunwald's ashes were scattered in the Captain America print run.
  Yeah.
  There were sneakers recently with a drop of blood in them and everyone went crazy  because they thought it was for Satan.
  And then Rob Liefeld hawked a loogie in the print run of Deadpool.
  He hawked a snot into the ink before it was printed.
  Well, but you know, that's okay because that's just something that the Merc with the Mouse would do.
  Something Wade would do.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  This comic with these sticky white creatures taking over the city.
  That's right.
  They look so real.
  They look so vibrant and luminescent.
  I wonder how they got they painted this so.
  We'll never know.
  That is maybe the second kiss thing is only the second most intriguing Marvel property.
  Well, that actually happened though.
  I just wanted to bring up again.
  I've said it on the show before in that Marvel comics book,  the Secret History or whatever it's called.
  Yeah.
  Where they bring up the idea that they were going to  or they had the idea to do a Silver Surfer movie starring Dennis Wilson.
  Oh yeah, baby.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  You know what?  I'm going to confess something right now.
  I had a fear.
  I had fear juice flowing through my body about this episode because I was worried  because there's this thing that happens when Marvel stuff is talked about.
  And the thing that happens is you guys say the names of characters  and artists and I don't know what's going on.
  Right.
  I feel like I have nothing to contribute and bring to the table.
  But I've been so fascinated by all of the discussion today  that I did not need to resort to my plan B.
  I wanted to cut a deal with you guys and the deal was this.
  Wow.
  That if there was a minute or more of discussion of characters and artists  that I would pull out this physical piece of paper that I have.
  And the physical piece of paper is a bunch of facts about the Beach Boys.
  We would do a fact exchange.
  Sure.
  Right.
  It says fun, fun, fun facts.
  And so we would have done kind of a little bit of a ping pong.
  Yeah.
  Which I think would have been a good system, would have allowed you guys to have free rate,  to discuss artists and specifics all you wanted.
  But I could have returned the volley with some of these.
  Give us a couple.
  Some of these facts.
  Oh, why, you know, the Beach Boys actually flirted with several early names,  including the Pendle Tones and Carl and the Passions.
  By 1969, the band had outgrown their adolescent image.
  So Brian Wilson proposed dropping boys and going by just the beach.
  He even drafted up a five page legal agreement to make it official.
  But it was quickly vetoed by the rest of the band.
  So that sort of thing could have been peppered through the butt.
  I didn't have to do.
  I didn't have to break the emergency glad.
  Because to save those for later.
  That's what I'm thinking.
  Now, you know, and whether it be Marvel or whether it be just know that if we're in that  kind of territory that I do have the fun, fun, fun facts ready to go.
  I will say them.
  I'd love to say I have to replace number two now because I just exhausted it.
  You'll you'll never know when you need like there might be an episode where Jason and I  just spent 20 minutes recounting an old Herald that we did an old improv show.
  There could be an episode where we talk about our favorite fruity pebble flavor.
  Anything is possible.
  So yeah, you will need those.
  So yeah, don't burn them all.
  Yeah.
  And yes, I'd all back together at one point in time.
  Dr.
 Doom stole the Silver Surfer's powers.
  It took him.
  Okay, we could have stolen.
  That's what I realized that it was not random and arbitrary in a way.
  The fun, fun, fun facts that the ultimate fun, fun, fun fact is that Dennis Wilson  was almost part of the fantastic for maybe.
  You were.
  Okay, yeah, it would have been Silver Surfer movie, not.
  Yeah, specific getting Silver Surfer movie.
  Yeah, so we're very associated with the fantasy for very popular Blacklight poster  character, very psychedelic.
  Oh, very cool.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  Yeah.
  When he acted in this weird movie called Tulane Blacktop directed by a Monty Hellman in 1971.
  Oh, here I am going into the fun, fun, fun facts.
  I'll save that.
  That's fair.
  I know about Tulane Blacktop a little, you know.
  Criteria.
  Strange movie.
  But you know what is to the credit of this attraction that the fun, fun, fun facts will  be saved for another day.
  We'll save that.
  As you said, for when there'll be some of us that we're trying to remember like a  party and whether Marissa Strickland was there or not.
  You get caught on that for seven minutes and then I have this ready to unsheath.
  The big revelation is that Scott has a full working full color printer.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, no, I made a point.
  I wanted to jazz it up.
  I'd love to show the audience, but I don't want to reveal the fun, fun, fun.
  I want it to be like a flyer you'd see in like a little marine life exhibit or something  or like a cork board at the zoo.
  I think that's how it would be.
  It's fun, fun, fun.
  But that'll be saved for another day because we've arrived at the end here.
  You survived podcast, the ride.
  What a blast.
  I want to go to that very.
  Doom, I would say I bet what really what this is all about is that when you were  researching doom, you felt like sort of the Ivan ooze of the doom.
  Doom is of that level of fun villain.
  He's silly.
  There's like there's so much.
  There's a theatricality to it.
  There's a scene chewing logic, weird stuff to to pick apart.
  I even pulled the I was intrigued by like, oh, what are the cities and towns in let's  let very oh, I doomsburg do.
  Yes, yes.
  Dooms Vail.
  No, no, no.
  Dooms.
  No, meet me in Dooms Dale, not do Vail.
  That's on the other side of that very very specific.
  Dooms and Doom would do.
  Tennis very Stott German kind of thing.
  German town.
  Yeah.
  Anyway.
  Yeah.
  Hey, I'm intrigued.
  I'm sold.
  Thank you guys for that.
  Thanks, Chris Cantwell for bringing your expertise to the episode.
  You can find us on the socials at podcast.
  The ride merch is available in our T public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out podcasts throughout the second gate or get one more bonus episode every month on  a new tier club three.
  You'll find all that at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The ride Mike has left.
  I've got secret returned with an Ikea bag.
  I can't remember.
  Is your birthday today or is it within days?  Well, it passed by the time this airs, but it is this.
  It's this week.
  This week.
  Okay.
  I can remember the actual day present exchange.
  Okay.
  There's been happening a lot.
  And the only reason I'm doing this on the show is because we briefly mentioned this,  but I have got you the entire Seinfeld apartment that I've mentioned on the contemporary.
  Oh, my God.
  How many pieces?  This goes and goes.
  Six.
  I mean, it's a lot smaller than it looks.
  There's six boxes here.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  When they're when they're all together, that's just a very small little die  Rama to take a picture of this stack.
  Wow.
  Wait, what are we?  Okay.
  It's all Jerry's apartment pieces.
  Yeah, it makes up the entire characters.
  It makes up the entire apartment like that on the back.
  Oh, you put them all together and it looks great.
  It's a very it's a not expensive toy.
  Oh, it looks great.
  And you got little like peg people to do it.
  But here you go.
  Well, there's the shell.
  This is what I was asking about.
  Exactly.
  You got wait.
  This came up because of contemporary because this is like mundane and it's  it's not fantastical places.
  It's very practical.
  So it's oh, it's I completely put it together after we talked about it.
  I was like, oh, this is cool.
  Oh, my God.
  So it's great.
  Thank you so much.
  Gee, I appreciate it.
  Of course.
  Happy birthday.
  Now, I didn't want to leave Jason in the cold even though it's not his birthday.
  So I got him a little thing.
  I hope he likes this.
  It's a Funko pop Hershey kiss.
  It's an anthropomorphic Hershey kiss.
  So there you go.
  They have are like kind of well, this one's actually pretty cute, but they're all like  I was going to say grotesque food creatures.
  It's a moon pie.
  It's Mayor McCheese.
  And now it's this cute little Hershey kiss.
  So we're adding to the amount of buildings or rooms that we've collected.
  That's what I'm trying to do.
  Completely in my wheels.
  And I love that it's Elaine with the big puff hair.
  Yes, like the original Elaine Mach 1.
  There's an Uncle Leo.
  Uncle Leo.
  It's like all six.
  Oh, excuse me.
  Yeah, they have six different little sets that you buy or six different little pieces you buy.
  And it's Jerry Newman, Kramer, George, Elaine, and Uncle Leo, which is a great character,  but it is funny because it feels like there were more used characters, but you know, whatever.
  Geez, I go, well, I got to get the kid playing with this.
  I got to get him practicing Kramer entrances.
  No, no, no, Wilder.
  You got to fly through that door.
  Yeah, more forethought.
  Season nine.
  We were playing season nine today.
  So it's not just walking through a little odd.
  It's a whole thing.
  Remember, it's three cameras, so you can go a little bigger.
  You can go a little bigger.
  So I mean, the figures themselves might be too small for him.
  I don't know if he's eating things.
  You know, he's not.
  That's a good thing.
  But that's the thing I'm proud of, of my boy.
  All right.
  Well, we'll take a picture of this and.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  Hey, really appreciate it.
  Of course.
  Thank you.
  Thanks for opening my eyes to this.
  Maybe I'll go with you guys through the line and then not get on the ride.
  Wave to you when you're at the top.
  We'll see.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
