 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Ride Robin, gourmet podcasts and spirits.
  I'm still here.
  Hey, it's Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  Hello.
  That's pretty stupid.
  Okay, look, today's episode is about,  is it about Red Robin?  Yes and no.
  The restaurant, the chain restaurant Red Robin,  I mean, it's part of it.
  That's the environment where we meet our protagonist.
  And our protagonist is of course  Red Robin's beloved walk around character Red.
  Red, you know it.
  You've been to Red Robin.
  You're a Red Robin probably every week,  as I'm sure all of us are.
  Beloved American watering hole.
  And one of the best parts about being there  is when our good pal Red walks in.
  Red, the bird, with all of their qualities  and things that we know about Red.
  When Red comes in, it's like, oh boy, we're in for it.
  Yeah, Red's here.
  We know, when Red's here the party's on.
  And I just wanna make sure when we make the title  for this episode, we're gonna say Red from Red Robin,  because I don't want people thinking we're talking about  Red from Pirates of the Caribbean.
  I don't want people thinking we're talking about  Sammy Hagar, the Red Rocker.
  And there's a Red from that 70s show.
  Oh, the guy from Robocop, yeah.
  Kirkwood?  Smith?  Yeah.
  I remember a Red characters.
  Isn't it a pet name on Mad Men for?  Oh, maybe.
  I was on a Mad Men, Jason Mad Men guy.
  Yeah, I think occasionally, yeah, one of them.
  Maybe John Slattery's character would call her that.
  He would've liked Red Robin, I think.
  There's, you know, mixology is a big,  but I think they call it Mad Mixology.
  I don't have to explain the basics.
  Red Robin does?  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, I didn't know that.
  Yeah, their bar branding is that they have Mad Mixology,  and which I, for this episode, did a little trip  to a Red Robin yesterday, and saw a lot of drinks going by,  and saw a lot of colors going by.
  They are all about the bright colors.
  Blue Curacao is flowing at Red Robin in crazy,  bulbous glasses that are like the beakers  that a scientist would use.
  So if you want a bourne, if you just  want to pour a little whiskey into a glass, sip it, sadly,  this isn't your place.
  But if you want crazy mixology experimenting  in the shadow of a red bird, you got to go to Red Robin.
  They've done stuff.
  I mean, in the past, they had like, it wasn't a,  or maybe they had a drink too, but they had like a Wolverine  tie-in 10 years ago called the Berserker Burger here.
  Oh, I remember this.
  I saw that there was a Berserker.
  I didn't know this was related to an IP.
  It's reliable.
  This is from 2013.
  Whoa.
  Is it being stabbed by Wolverine claws?  Yes, Wolverine has the hamburger on his claws,  and it's sticking up.
  Does it get cut in multiple pieces instead of just half?  Not in the promotional image I'm looking at,  but perhaps somewhere else.
  But yeah, they do fun stuff is really my point here.
  And I will always remember the Wolverine.
  Oh, here, look at this.
  It says, claws on this deal.
  Get $3 off at your movie tickets.
  What's claws on this deal?  So Wolverine has three claws on each hand.
  And he's got the movie ticket.
  Yeah, but what is the, still, what is the phrase, claws  on this deal?  Well, you could say your claws.
  Claws could also be hands.
  Get your hands on this deal?  Get your hands on this deal and get $3 off.
  Yeah, you'd say hands on this deal.
  Instead, you say claws on this deal.
  Well, because the claws are Wolverine and the movie ticket  deal.
  No, I get it.
  Look, I know he has claws.
  I'm just still, it's not really like a common phrase  that it's turning on its head.
  Well, get your hands on this deal is a common phrase,  I feel like.
  Well, get your, I think it needs the qualifier of get your.
  Is that in there?  It is saying, oh, in tiny letters, it says get your.
  OK, that helps.
  OK, get your.
  It was hidden by another icon.
  That's all I needed.
  OK, OK.
  Maybe make that typeface a little bigger.
  Otherwise, I have no notes for this berserker burger tie  in from 2013.
  Get $3 off your meal, including our limited time  berserker burger, when you flash your Wolverine ticket stub  July 29 through August 1.
  Can I show it for a longer time than just a flash,  or can it, do I have to pretend I'm  like revealing that I have drugs and then  hiding it really quickly?  I think you should flash it.
  You have a big, you wear a big trench coat  and you kind of flash it and you have it sucked inside.
  Make sure you say, yeah, it's the magic word.
  They do bring you three knives and make  you put them between your fingers.
  And then you have to put the ticket stub through at least  one of the knives.
  You know, yes, one of them fell.
  It bounced on the table.
  It took my kid's leg.
  This has not been the dream movie meal night I imagined.
  2013 is the worst year ever.
  Can someone correct me if I'm wrong?  Because I've never been to a Red Robin.
  Oh, what?  Well, I know that's surprising, right?  Oh, my god, we should have gone.
  I didn't realize that you had never been.
  There's those that are, these happen.
  I think I've maybe never been in an Applebee's.
  What?  Sometimes you just miss these places.
  I've been to both of them in Chili's, right?  Yeah, I've been in Chili's.
  Oh, of course.
  I'm a lot on this earth.
  I made a point of going to Chili's,  but you were saying, Jason.
  One of their selling, one of their marketing bits  is like unlimited fries, right?  They'll keep bringing you fries.
  Bottomless fries.
  Bottomless fries.
  Well, I like that.
  Although I don't think I'd get,  I don't think I'd get through,  I can eat like five or six fries.
  They're not one of my pig out go-tos.
  Okay.
  Wait, wait, five or six single fries?  Yeah, I'm not a big fry guy.
  Wait, wait, wait, wait.
  This is shocking, actually.
  Wait, McDonald's only five or six fries?  I will eat like a small fry from McDonald's,  which is probably more like, what do you think?  12, 15?  20?  20 maybe, and then I'll feel bad afterwards.
  Really?  Yeah.
  How do I not know this?  I'm not a big fry guy.
  Any kind, crinkle cut, waffle fries, sweet potato?  I think they're delicious.
  I usually just feel bad.
  I like a crinkle cut.
  I love a seasoned curly fry.
  That's probably my number one.
  Waffle fries.
  Hardee's has like a seasoned curly fry.
  They do, yeah.
  Or Arby's.
  Arby's, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Maybe Hardee's too, I forget.
  I think some of my trying to not be awful to myself  diet-wise most of the time is that I know  if I'm in a place with fries, I am gonna go nuts.
  I am a fry guy, I would say,  and that's just a great weekend indulgence,  and I know it's not good, but if I try to be better  throughout the week, if I try to be a good person,  yeah, from Sunday to Friday.
  Red Robin has a couple different kinds of fries.
  I think so, because I saw some boring small ones  going by, and I got concerned,  so I made a point of saying steak fries.
  Oh, I like steak fries.
  Yes, I mean, bottomless steak fries is a pretty good situation.
  Like, Fat Burger has steak fries.
  Yeah.
  I really like.
  We can get the fat and skinny.
  Yes.
  And that signature fat burger soaking wet food.
  The bag is wet.
  The weight is long.
  The weight is long.
  The price is expensive.
  It's like sweaty and all.
  I find them to be like hot rooms.
  That's my recollection of Fat Burger.
  They're tiny rooms that are very warm.
  They're like little shacks where the food is made.
  The cost of a meal is like $19.
  Yes, not cheap.
  Yeah.
  And then you have to wait 25 minutes to get it.
  I still do it on occasion, but it's not,  if you're looking for something fast and cheaper.
  Well, I retired on a high note with Fat Burger,  where I had a hookup to have free Fat Burger on the strip.
  I got to walk in and they said, get whatever you want.
  I forget what the hookup was,  but I had a big, which included a beer.
  And I swear that's why I was,  because then the thing I did after was go see Jurassic World  at a strip movie theater.
  And I think that's why I was kind of apologetic  to Jurassic World,  because I was in such a great mood  from that free Fat Burger.
  Wow.
  You talking Vegas strip or sunset strip, my man?  Oh, Vegas strip.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh yeah, to be not even,  the discomfort of not my own state.
  Where can I go?  Where can I get nourishment?  Wait a minute, I have a ticket now for free Fat Burger.
  Well, thank you for this sumptuous meal.
  Harvest, yes.
  Oh boy.
  Could you imagine if someone gave that offer to Mike  about the Taco Bell Cantina in Vegas?  We never see him again.
  We lost, there's no more food.
  We were shutting down for a week.
  Big colorful yard, first of all, with the slush in it.
  Oh yeah.
  And then, I could say my order maybe,  but cheesy gritty to crunch, Chalupa Supreme,  maybe Softshell Taco Supreme as well.
  And then, I don't know, Cinnamon Twists.
  And if you're getting a slush, what's the slush?  I don't know the slushes they have offhand.
  They bought a blast slush.
  Yeah.
  And they'll pour like a shot of vodka in it.
  I might just go like a cherry.
  Yeah?  Some standard cherry.
  Okay.
  Get my mouth nice and red.
  Can you spike it at that cantina though?  Yeah.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We went in the one in Times Square.
  Well yeah, we talked about it.
  Yeah, it was chaos.
  Yeah, it was chaos.
  Yeah, there was a lot going on in there.
  Yeah.
  So anyway.
  Well then you'd love the mad mixology of Red Robin.
  Look, well it's, all right, well then, okay,  Jason's never been.
  The Bottomless Fry is not an attraction to you.
  Mike, general thoughts about Red Robin?  About Red Robin?  I mean, I'm not a huge Red Robin guy,  but I like Red Robin.
  And it's a place I feel like I would go,  or I have gone to, and I haven't been in a few years,  but every other year, probably before the pandemic,  one, maybe once a year.
  It would still be every other year, interesting.
  Not too many.
  I haven't been in a long time.
  And I, you know what, what's so funny,  I actually didn't even think about this until just,  just right before recording, and we didn't eat there,  but I have a photo with Red on my Instagram  from a couple of years ago.
  Wow, wow.
  Wow.
  With the statue, because that's one of the ways that Red,  the beloved mascot and bird is represented,  is with kind of a pretty, pretty short guy.
  It's like half your height.
  And some, often those are elevated.
  Sometimes those are up on some pedestal,  but there is just on the ground.
  And how'd you feel hanging with Red?  Well, I liked hanging with Red.
  We hadn't had Red Robin.
  I think we just went to see Uncut Gems.
  It was 2019.
  There was still, so is that, what Red Robin is that?  Glendale?  Stratford Square Mall, Illinois, baby.
  Oh, you're back at, oh, nice.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Stratford Square is where they had the waterfall.
  Oh, yes, we're talking about that.
  Yeah, that sounds great.
  And a big part of the reason I took it  is I was wearing an Orange Cassidy t-shirt  and he's a professional wrestler  and he's like a very lazy one  and he kind of holds up like a lazy thumbs up.
  So Red was holding up a thumbs up in this photo.
  It's kind of lazy too.
  So I decided that it made sense  with the shirt I had been wearing already.
  Oh, that's great.
  Well, let me say, it's a very mall-oriented restaurant.
  Not always, there's certainly freestanding ones,  but I associate them with like,  it's in that indoor-outdoor slot.
  It's on the border of the mall.
  Yes.
  We could walk up from the parking lot.
  Maybe you're on the patio or you're on the indoor patio,  which is more in the mall hallway,  or you can be right in the center  where the action is in the bar.
  I mean, I associate it with  that it was a restaurant for kids  with a little more going on.
  There's a bit of a party and a fest.
  I think it's probably a great place  to go with like the Boy Scout troop  or the baseball team after the game.
  There's a little bit of,  it's not just sitting and eating quietly.
  Maybe today it is, but it's-  I know what you mean, and I remember the vibe,  but I also remember going anywhere directly  after a baseball game and those terrible pants  and cleats that we had to wear.
  And the stirrups.
  You're uncomfortable.
  You were in stirrups?  Yeah, there's like, isn't that the name of them?  They're the socks that kind of-  The long socks?  Yeah, but it was like it would go around your foot.
  Like it wasn't- Right.
  It would just kind of go under.
  Yeah, I would like put those on  and then push them as low, like the tops.
  You weren't wearing them correctly.
  I don't like high socks.
  Yeah, I do not care for them.
  Uh-huh, so you weren't in the mood to eat after all this.
  No, yeah, sitting in a cup  and an uncomfortable like pair of baseball pants.
  Like, oh yeah, give me unlimited fries.
  I am surprised this isn't up your alley.
  Oh no, I will for sure take advantage  of the unlimited fries.
  I just know like, well, that's the day.
  Man, I feel like, I feel like shit.
  I just want to get those days.
  I went yesterday.
  I feel pretty bad from Red Robin still,  it's stuck with me.
  But you know what I mean?  Like it's certainly not,  this is why I think why I wanted to talk about it  is just to analyze the odd place that Red Robin  and its character Red occupy  where it is not full on mini theme park.
  And it's like Chuck E.
 Cheese by any means.
  So it's a weird, okay, restaurants from our childhoods  where you might see a guy walking around  or you might see a colorful friend.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese, number one.
  Maybe McDonald's, there were occasional scenarios  where a character's walking around  or they're represented via the Playland,  but pretty rare.
  I guess Burger King in that sense too.
  Maybe you just see like a cutout of the kid's club  or whatever it is.
  Only Red Robin is the other one where,  and then a character's gonna walk around.
  In terms of it's like something close to your house.
  Yeah, I mean we had a place called Shoney's.
  We've talked about this before.
  That's a chain that there was one managed  by professional wrestler, Scott Steiner,  which is really funny, but that closed.
  But Shoney had Shoney Bear.
  Oh, right.
  And it was a similar thing to this  where once in a while I think if we were at Shoney's,  which we didn't go too often because it was bad,  excuse me,  that Shoney Bear would walk around.
  So you get a little taste of character.
  Were you excited to see Shoney Bear?  Slightly, yeah.
  Were you excited to see Red?  Do you have any memories of Red?  I don't believe I've ever seen Red in person.
  You've never seen a Red walking around?  I don't think so.
  I found an, okay, this is like three or four years old.
  I found an offer up listing of someone selling a Red,  full Red.
  Full Red costume.
  Oh, there's a Red on the ground.
  $80.
  $80 for Red?  $80 for Red?  Can you buy it?  No, I think it's an old listing.
  I think that's done.
  We need to get that.
  It's unclear.
  It's not a well-designed website.
  It's unclear if it actually sold  or this is just like a dead link or whatever.
  That website is hard to map.
  Yeah.
  I've recently tried it.
  It's great to buy nothing.
  Those kinds of trade or offer up are very good.
  Those are good that they're around, I think.
  Right.
  But yes, very hard to use.
  I'd be curious if listeners can name more  that I'm forgetting about,  kind of like restaurant walk-arounds.
  There's maybe the weird flesh-colored shrimp from Bubba Gump  whose name I always forget.
  I cannot retain the name of Bubba Gump.
  I always forget it too.
  Let me look this up.
  It's just not natural, whatever it is.
  It's not Bubba Gump.
  That's two character names.
  Yeah, I'm trying to think of chain restaurants  because obviously with the theme park stuff,  Dr.
 Toothsome or whatever his name is,  Professor Toothsome, he's got a whole range of characters.
  But it does, I'm trying to think of like Fridays,  Chili's, Applebee's, Olive Garden, Outback.
  Yeah.
  Those are all pretty part and parcel.
  Fridays.
  Kind of like, it's the weekend, kick back,  bring the family.
  There's a bunch of stuff on the walls.
  It's the only Red Robin I think has somebody walking around.
  And I always just found it odd  that there's full on Chuck E.
 Cheese  where there might be a bunch of characters in a robot  and then there's this, then there's this.
  Because I do remember Red walking around the restaurant  when I'm there.
  And what I remember is getting very stressed out.
  I don't want Red over here.
  What is Red?  What is, this is mainly the question I wanted to ask.
  You've now you've all seen pictures of Red the Bird,  maybe listeners had experiences where Red's hanging out,  he comes to your table.
  What is he?  What are we supposed to take from,  all right, Red's here, now what?  Is he a Cardinal?  Well, he's a Robin.
  He's a Robin?  Yes.
  Oh, Red Robin, yeah.
  All right, so we know that.
  He's a Red Robin.
  He's a Red Robin.
  Do we know he or she?  Because the name could go either way.
  I think usually played by a female, I would think.
  Yeah, the costumes tend to run smaller, I saw.
  Newer Red is kind of slimmer.
  The one that you saw,  the one that you showed us in a puddle on the ground  was pretty slim.
  So you're basically sort of,  you're saying like with Chuck E.
 Cheese  or any of these other, even McDonaldland characters,  like you have something going in.
  You have a knowledge of the character beforehand.
  You know sort of what to expect.
  If the Hamburglar, first of all, this is a dream.
  I never met the Hamburglar in person,  but if I did, I would know, I like this guy,  but I should be worried about him.
  Yes, and he might get up to hijinks.
  Exactly, you kind of know what to expect.
  Even with Chuck E.
 Cheese, you know,  you kind of knew what to expect.
  With Red Robin.
  Even though we are characterization of him  is that he's kind of sly and lascivious or whatever.
  But really he's just, he likes birthdays.
  So he comes out in a tux,  and you know he's gonna be happy to see ya.
  He's gonna be nice.
  I guess Red is nice, but is he?  What is he?  Well, I mean, Red is, I think he probably,  it's a Mickey situation, we've talked about this before,  when Disney took away some of Mickey's personality  and his aggressiveness.
  They wanna make a character that is,  you can basically imprint your own personality on them  because they don't have one.
  So you can see what you wanna see in Red.
  Red is sort of a mirror maybe to our inner selves.
  So if you wanna see Red as like just sort of a nice person  who works, or a nice bird that works at the restaurant,  that's what you can see.
  So it's really like, they're trying to keep Red neutral.
  You know, number one, not to offend, I suppose.
  You know, with like, you know,  Chucky's a lascivious, he's not lascivious.
  He's not smoking a cigar or anything.
  But then two, yeah, you also, like if you're a kid,  you can decide what Red's personality is.
  Well, I got a couple thoughts about everything you're saying.
  I know what you mean.
  Maybe you're like, okay, if you're saying  that he's an aspirational, he's whatever you want.
  He is aspirational.
  I know you didn't say that, but I'm putting that on it.
  What we know is that he walks around a restaurant,  everybody's like pointing at him, they're happy to see him.
  Is that not what we want?  Maybe we don't wanna be huge celebrities,  but we wanna, it's like, you know, Scott entered the room,  everybody's like, hey, and Red has that.
  Maybe though, I wasn't happy to see Red  because I didn't understand him.
  What's it gonna be when he comes over here?  How would you, but here's a question.
  Are you not, you're not happy to see him?  Because I'm trying to think of a scenario  where a person in a suit, in an animal suit,  the person in Clriz, the person in black and brown,  they turn red and they walk away waiting to be seen.
  Let's say he's actually gay,  I don't really understand what your response would be.
  Berkeley Bournemouth.
  She would say no.
  Charlotte McChesley, she would say to me,  no, she is gay.
  We're kinda people like this,  into a different universe that are really beige  but women I know, daddy thinks are pretty white.
  A restaurant, a water park,  I was gonna say toilet store,  that's not what I meant.
  I meant like a appliance store.
  And a big toilet is walking around.
  I don't care if I'm at the toilet store.
  If I'm somewhere and any suited character  emerges from any door,  they don't even have to work there.
  If they come in the front door,  I mean, maybe if they're acting erratically,  I'll be a little scared.
  But other than that,  if they're just like kind of waving their arms in general,  I'm going to be delighted.
  It doesn't mean, it doesn't matter if it looks like shit.
  It doesn't matter if the costume is old.
  It doesn't matter what animal it is.
  All suited characters are good.
  Even the pervert Elmo in Times Square,  I'm just imagining,  like I'm just imagining hypothetical pervert  wearing an Elmo costume.
  As long as he's not doing anything  and he just kind of looks gross and dirty,  he's still good as long as he's not committing any crimes.
  You're happy just to see the suit itself is good.
  The suit itself.
  Yeah, let's take the person out of it just in case.
  The suit and the idea that somebody would be walking around  in a suit is good.
  Walking around in a suit is good no matter where it is.
  Do you agree with me?  Yeah, I will stop what I'm doing and go like,  look, who's that?  What is that?  Especially if it's like, yeah, a small business  or like a one location place that invested some money  in getting a costume that a teenager's wearing.
  Even better, yeah.
  We have Charlie Chip at Fry's, of course.
  That's a high level mascot.
  So thrilled to hang out with Charlie Chip.
  And I love that there's like kind of a weird,  that there would be the time taken  to put an IP into this original chain.
  But I guess what I'm asking is like,  you're saying Red Robin,  like you don't know what Red's about.
  Tell me, Charlie Chip is a microchip  who is a mascot for now defunct Fry's Electronics  and he's a smiling anthropomorphic microchip.
  He's got arms and legs and a big red tongue.
  Tell me what you know about Charlie Chip.
  Well, he likes costumes.
  He's in a different costume.
  He likes?  Everywhere you see him.
  So he is imbued with the spirit of the theme of the,  which might reflect the city of where they are.
  So I think that Charlie Chip has a lot of regional pride  and he respects industry,  he's like the space industry or the entertainment industry  in different towns.
  He's a cosplayer.
  He likes to dress up.
  Okay, so we know a little bit about him.
  Yeah, there's something.
  Yeah.
  So there's something there.
  Yeah.
  I think it was more,  look, I agree with you now.
  And look, I went to a Red Rob and I really wanted to see Red.
  I was like, if I, the lottery would be  if I saw Red the Bird walking around today,  but it was a pretty like quiet 1130 lunch in Redondo Beach.
  Oh yeah, Red in coming out.
  So there's no, no, no, no.
  But I think, but did you feel this way as a kid?  Because I was scared sometimes of mascots  even if I knew them.
  You know, I know this character,  but what if they sit on me like the Pinocchio cat did?  Yeah, no, I was afraid of all the mascot character.
  I was afraid.
  I met the, look, I met the Ninja Turtles.
  They signed my box of cookies when I was five, four or five.
  And it was, I believe Donatello and Michelangelo.
  And I'm trying to remember,  I think it was maybe a place called Cub Foods,  which is a grocery store that maybe is,  I don't think it's still around.
  Ninja Turtles at Cub Foods today.
  Yeah.
 Huge.
  So we saw it.
  It was, I think a weekend.
  We went over there and I just remember  being in one of the aisles and peering out  and being like, oh my God, the Ninja Turtles are here.
  They look a little fucked up today.
  They look a little weird.
  They look a little fluffy.
  They're not talking.
  You're different in person.
  I've heard that about movie stars.
  They're not talking.
  They don't look like the movie.
  They don't look like the cartoon.
  But I guess this is what they look like.
  Why else?  These aren't some imposters.
  But I do remember being afraid.
  Yeah, is Donatello gonna wail on me with his bowstaff?  I don't know.
  I don't think he's gonna do that.
  But there's always a chance  because they do have their,  I think they probably do not have their weapons on them.
  But maybe.
  The intimidation factor of meeting somebody famous.
  Red is not famous, but Red's in the logo.
  So you sense that Red is a big deal.
  Yeah.
  I remember, I think I've said this on the show before  that I was afraid of some of these characters,  but I was really excited to do a character breakfast.
  But then I found a picture of me just full on  excitedly hugging Mickey or something.
  And I think that's the thing with kids.
  And that's what, at least for me,  was I was nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous.
  I'm gonna hug you.
  Oh, okay.
  You go like.
  Then in the moment you look.
  Yeah, right before.
  I don't think I hugged the Ninja Turtles,  but I definitely, you wanted to hug them.
  Like I want to see Donatello,  but I can't.
  I think, okay, when I saw Red coming.
  And when was this?  When did you see Red coming?  Let's see.
  When did I see Red coming?  Sounds like someone's name.
  When would I have gone there?  I'm like in the eight or nine range  is what I'm imagining.
  Okay.
  Calabasas, it's called Lovies delicatessen now,  this freestanding Red Robin is no more.
  Oh man.
  Lovies seems fairly quality from what I could tell.
  But like, so Red's coming table to table with a handler.
  It's kind of like a wedding table to table,  which I think is kind of a stressful interaction.
  You're trying to like get a moment,  even though there's a bunch of people with you.
  But what do you even say?  Hey, well, you did it great.
  Still awkward no matter what you're sitting there standing.
  It's weird.
  But here's the thing,  I think Red would come and sit at your table.
  And that I think intimidated.
  I was like, then what?  Then what's gonna happen?  Like it's Hooters?  Like, yeah.
  The waitress would sit at your table at Hooters?  A lot of chain restaurants were doing that for a while.
  Like I feel like Outback would do that.
  They would pull up a chair.
  Yeah, you're right, Outback would do that as well.
  Maybe like in the cool teacher way.
  Cause there, I feel like you encountered Red.
  Red made enough of an impression that like,  there was an episode.
  Enough to be here today doing this.
  There was an episode recently where,  and we talk about it on the episode,  where you were very concerned for a couple days.
  Like, is there, there, there?  Like, is there enough here?  But Red, you were very confident.
  You never dropped, you never were like, it's like,  oh, I got it.
 That's a very good point.
  Oh, no, no, no, no, not at all.
  I still today was thinking,  because you know what a listener suggested this.
  And I was thinking, do I name the listener?  I don't think I do,  because I don't want to put this on them.
  If the Red episode happens and the Red episode is nothing,  I don't want that on this listener.
  This is Scott's folly through and through,  if nobody cares about Red.
  I think so.
  We've gotten gold out of folly before.
  That's why I'm gold.
  A folly can be good.
  A folly does not always end in despair.
  I think this suggests though,  that you do on some, maybe next level,  have some appreciation.
 Primordial level.
  Something that you're not even in touch with,  you are connected to Red because of your-  Oh, the fact that I said,  there was no question to me when I saw the tweet.
  You saw it and you want to talk about Red?  I need to talk about Red.
  We need to figure out exactly what it is,  if there's some sort of childhood thing linked to Red.
  Did you like Cardinals or Robbins as a child?  Red character?  He never got to Birdwatch.
  Elmo?  I mean, Elmo's a little after our time.
  Yeah, a little bit.
  As far as being so popular.
  You're probably Elmo now.
  I think, well, okay.
  I think it's the confusion.
  It's that I just didn't know what to do and maybe then,  I've blacked out on what the actual Red interaction was.
  I don't know what happened when he got there.
  But none of it, the awkwardness of Red  was never enough to make me not like Red Robin,  which up until recently, I was still saying,  oh, Red Robins are kind of good.
  And then I said this, you know,  10 or so years ago to Erin, my wife,  and she said, Red Robin, Jesus.
  And I said, what?  What do you have against Red Robin?  And she told a story that unlocks a lot.
  And this is really what I really wanted to talk about.
  So this is maybe what happens when Red is around.
  So Red comes out.
  She's there with her family,  with her mom who listens to the show.
  Hi.
  She, Erin's mom got a gift certificate  for helping out with the soccer program.
  So they have a free meal waiting for them at Red Robin.
  But I think that she's not necessarily excited  because she's like, I will do the free meal,  but I have a sense that I'm not really gonna like it here.
  Is it kind of a kid's zoo restaurant?  Is the food maybe not very good?  So she's coming in with a little bit of prejudice  towards the Red Robin experience.
  Then they get to their booth,  Red comes out and Red sits down with them.
  So Red is just fully part of the table now.
  Erin's mom, Erin and her sister  starts musing up hair of both kids,  which is that's a little invasive  and a little bit like, eh, okay.
  Again, maybe you'd let Mickey do it.
  But Red, I just met you.
  I know you're in this red circle in front of the restaurant,  but why should I be okay with you musing my hair?  What if you're not good?  And then I think he proved that he is not good because,  so they're already like, okay, stop, stop with the hair.
  And then he's like, hmm.
  And then he puts his hand down into their bottomless fries.
  Nope.
  Nope.
  And he rubs his hand around.
  What?  And then starts pantomiming,  bruh bruh bruh, like you're saying, non-verbal.
  You're not supposed to touch and then pantomime.
  You're supposed to pantomime the whole time or touch  and then cram it in your weird character mouth.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
  Well, and then immediately the handler's  gotta get new fries out there.
  But instead he does that and then just gets up and leaves.
  And I don't think anyone noticed that the hands were put in.
  Aaron's mom is like looking at the hand now.
  It is visibly dirty.
  Just this crusty red felt hand.
  Oh my God.
  And I don't know that this is how it ended.
  Aaron is not sure, but I think it is possible  that the response to this was just putting  all the gift certificates on the table,  getting up and leaving.
  And that was the end of Red Robin.
  Aaron certainly never went back.
  Aaron's mom definitely did not go back.
  That was the end of that.
  That is for sure.
  That is, okay, here we now know one thing about Red.
  He is a health code violator.
  Wow, Red.
  That's weird.
  Don't do that.
  They need to eat these fries.
  And what's the gunk on his hand from?  Is it oil from previous fry experiences?  Well, there's so many questions that need to be asked.
  Like is that, yeah, was Red doing that all night?  Was he trying to get fired?  What was the?  That's not a bad thought.
  Cause that is.
  I mean, you would want, if you were Red,  I read a story even, I read a story about Red  about a guy who worked at a Denver location  who was made to be Red for something that they needed  and to go pass out onion ring coupons  outside of a movie theater.
  And it was so humiliating and everybody was awful to him.
  And like, I hope they're paying you well in there,  whoever that is in there.
  And he's like, they aren't.
  And it's just nothing but unpleasant.
  And he just does like a half hour of it  and walks back and quits on the spot.
  Wow.
  Do not need to be doing this.
  Maybe I'm not an adult, but I have dignity.
  And the manager is like, I'm sick of you,  goddamn lazy kids.
  Wow.
  But he walks out.
  So Red, being Red, turning Red has made people quit before.
  So maybe, yeah, that could have been like,  what can I do today?  I'm gonna touch the children.
  Because they might tell you day one, don't touch the kids.
  Two, don't touch the food.
  And maybe he's like, I'm doing the whole checklist today.
  And then I'm out of here.
  That, wow, yeah.
  Cause like that's, so what year will they mess up hair?  What year are we talking about?  Cause I feel like you-  95, 96.
  Mascots probably, I mean, mascots, look,  we know hugs are back.
  Is hair muscing back?  Should it be?  I think there's like, I think it's expected at Disney.
  If you're meeting like the bear  at like the local ice cream store,  if you're meeting like Rocky Road, the bear,  a bear that only exists at like three ice cream stores,  and there's one costume that floats between them.
  I think you would wanna-  Hands off the children?  Hands off.
  Like, I don't think, you know,  say what you will about those silly old  Chuck E.
 Cheese training videos.
  They are pretty thorough.
  Here's how to clean the costume.
  Here's how to wear it.
  Here's how to behave in the costume.
  Like they were on top of stuff.
  Chuck has touched my hair though, I think.
  Yeah, Chuck, but I feel like Chuck and bigger theme parks,  there's an expectation that like,  oh, they're gonna be a little more friendly.
  They're gonna be a little more like,  I don't know that like the dirty ice cream, icy mascot,  like at the local-  Oh, or a slush puppy.
  Strawberry festival.
  That's the name of the icy character?  He's the name of the slush puppy.
  There's a different type of icy called slush puppy.
  Oh, sorry, icy has a bear.
  Icy has a bear, which I don't know the name of the icy bear.
  Yeah, I only know the bear.
  I just call him icy bear.
  He's cool.
  Is icy bear's name icy bear?  Let's see here.
  I think it says it's small.
  Like if you look at an icy cup,  it's just kind of a pro of nothing.
  It's just like-  Oh, his name is John 360.
  Interesting.
  It looks like his name is icy bear, yes.
  But slush puppy is a different type of icy,  which was my favorite of all the slushies as a child.
  And now I feel like a slush puppy  is now being marketed more lately.
  So I'm excited about that.
  More slush puppy forward.
  So yeah, you don't want,  I think you need familiarity.
  It helps.
  It doesn't forgive.
  Oh, I like slush puppy.
  Slush puppy's pretty old school.
  I like that I want a shirt.
  Yeah, they're the people that are making them.
  You can get one.
  I'll do it.
  I'll get a slush puppy shirt.
  I didn't grow up with slush puppy.
  But isn't that like, don't touch the fries.
  That'll color your impression of a whole franchise  if one rogue red decides to rub his dirty mitts  all over your fries.
  Don't care if they're bottomless.
  What if he rubbed all of them?  I don't know what he's doing back there.
  He might have rubbed the raw potatoes.
  He might have rubbed each one as it came out of the sack.
  I would have been traumatized by that.
  That would have been so traumatic because we were so,  like my mom was so like obsessed  with people touching things with like bare,  their bare human hands.
  If she saw somebody like handle like a fast food  with a bare hands, we would get the food,  we'd pay for it and then she would throw it away.
  Like.
  She would still get it though.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  So like there were times when she would like see somebody  like she, when she felt like somebody wasn't being hygienic  or something behind a counter and she would like,  she'd be like, all right, we're not eating this.
  And she would throw the food away.
  This is ironically different than your edginess  about wasting food or anybody knowing  you didn't finish your plate.
  Well, yeah.
  I mean, maybe if I had seen them like,  like rubbing the food with their bare hands,  like excessively, I suppose, maybe.
  But yes.
  If there was a character, the mini monster at CityWalk  who dipped his full hand into your boba shake.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That, yes, that would have been, yeah, too much.
  I mean, I'll still do it.
  There was over here though,  the one and the only times I tried Wiener Schnitzel,  somebody was really sweating  when they were giving me the food.
  And I was like, no, thank you.
  And I paid for it and I threw it away.
  You guys said before, my,  maybe I said this a long time ago,  but my parents found a piece of broken glass.
  Oh.
  It might've been that Wiener Schnitzel,  the Burmese Wiener Schnitzel.
  The one across from the Tonight Show?  I think possibly.
  Yeah.
  Which I think I still have never been to Wiener Schnitzel.
  That again, it is, you only get one chance at any of these.
  Broken glass is bad.
  Red touching the food, the fries is bad.
  A chunk of metal.
  I've heard of that one.
  And a Wiener Schnitzel or something.
  No, like McDonald's or something.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  Rat cooked in the hot dog.
  I saw a full cockroach in a Cheesecake Factory salad  when I was a kid.
 Wow.
  My friend next to me,  but like revealed with like perfectly big leaves  kind of were pulled out of the way.
  And then just like upside down, dead, giant cockroach.
  I love the Cheesecake Factory now.
  Thank God you recovered because again,  these are things as a kid that can traumatize you.
  Like I've talked about, I threw up  and the last thing I ate was a corn dog when I was a kid.
  I have not had a corn dog to this day because of that.
  Wow.
  So like if a Shoney bear came out  and grabbed the corn dog rubbed on his butthole or something,  I would feel like never eating corn dog again.
  Not eating Shoney bear's butthole corn dog.
  One of the worst like food illnesses I ever got  was from a big, thick, buttery slice of pizza  from the Getty Center from a school field trip.
  And it was the new Getty Center with the tram  when it was brand new.
  Why would that have gotten me so sick?  I don't know.
  So that's why I didn't see that movie  that Kevin Spacey got removed from.
  It wasn't protest over Spacey getting removed.
  You could have hit it though.
  It's not why I didn't see it.
  And I'm sick of people saying it.
  It's because of the butter pizza.
  The butter pizza, yeah.
  So yeah, I get that.
  And I get that Red,  who doesn't have a ton of presence on commercials,  literally it's up to the performer  who's being paid minimum wage in a Red Robin  to shape your opinion of the mascot.
  Yeah.
  You tell me, show me what you are with your actions,  but not with your dialogue.
  You don't talk.
  So yeah, next time you're at the Red Robin,  like the Glenda at the Galleria or something,  I mean, you could ask.
  That one's gone by the way.
  What?  There's no Glendale.
  No.
  How long has that been gone?  I think a long time now.
  Five years?  That's the one I had that I probably eaten at the most.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that was a very like comforting, again,  your side mall location.
  I don't know what it is about the,  it's like beckoning you inside.
  Right.
  It's not gonna be as claustrophobic  as the fully in the center of the mall locations.
  It's breezy on the outside.
  Yeah.
  Mike, you ate there once and shortly after,  like I saw you and you talked about it.
  And for whatever reason,  your praise at the time seemed so enthusiastic.
  For a couple years,  I thought like Red Robin was one of your go-to chain spots.
  And then I brought it up years later and you're like,  yeah, I don't really, yeah, that's fine.
  I don't really go to Red Robin.
  I was like, oh, okay.
  Maybe it was like Scott's situation  where he had the fat burger and he was like,  I had like a particularly good drink or something.
  I was like, this is the greatest place I've ever been.
  Yeah, Sprite and Rainbow Sherbet.
  And you're like, ah, huzzah.
  Least alcohol.
  A lot of my usual haunts don't know how to make a Carlson.
  There's this thing,  something they put in the drinks usually  that I just do not care for.
  It's a special little, yeah.
  Is it for net?  I mean, so that's why I couldn't go to the Glendale one.
  I had to go a little far away to go to one.
  I'm so sorry.
  Before I talk about my Red Robin experience yesterday,  I'm gonna say another story  because I was trying to piece together,  as you were saying, is there something else,  I know Aaron's story, but that didn't happen to me.
  Is there anything from my childhood  that made me need to think about Red for a while?  So I was on my way out the door to drive to Redondo Beach  to go to a Red Robin with a friend of the show, Buzz Buzz.
  And my mom came over to babysit  so that I could do this important mission.
  Sorry to cut you off.
  When you're doing theme park podcast bullshit,  do you always present it, right?  Or do you be like, I got something for work?  Do you say for work or when you?  She's pretty, I don't feel the need to dress it up.
  Sometimes I present it as if to be laughed at,  but she gets, she actually is always,  my mom was a big theme park.
  She raised me in this to love all the,  yeah, she's like theme park things, I get it.
  She offers so much babysitting  if we want to do a big Disney day.
  So full credit to her.
  That's if she ever hears that, that'll make her happy,  but she won't be happy about this other thing  I'm gonna say, which is that.
  So I'm on my way out the door.
  I'm like, well, I see I'm, yeah,  we're doing an episode about Red Robin.
  Not really Red Robin, the character of a,  so I have to go, why do you have to go so far?  I don't know, just M,  it's the one that seems the oldest, okay.
  She kind of grasps it.
  And then she says, okay, well,  if you're talking about Red Robin,  don't tell the story about grandma getting drunk.
  What, wow.
  And I said, oh no, I would never, what's the story?  And then, and I have to kind of pull it out of her  and she's all like, oh, I just don't know.
  And then, but then after kind of some protest,  the story just ended up being that my grandma  had one martini and it made her like a little loose,  loose enough to talk a lot to the man at the table  next to us who turned out to be Mickey Rooney's son.
  And then I kept like, so then when she fall down the stairs,  it now, so she was just gone.
  In a bad way, she say something bad, something mean.
  No, she, no, they got along great.
  Well, what's the, she got drunk and then I had a couple  of things to pull out of this, which is first of all,  she had a martini at Red Robin.
  Yeah, I got to try a Red Robin martini.
  I'm a little curious, certainly.
  And my mom said, oh, they have a great bar.
  Oh, the bar is great.
  So you're here for Mad Mixology.
  Surfing to James Bond where he orders a martini  at a Red Robin.
  Then you zoom out.
  You don't know, it cuts wide.
  You see the server with the bright red vest and red.
  Red comes out to attack him and he shoots red.
  And then disguises himself as red to get out of there.
  Oh, I love, why not?  James Bond's been everywhere.
  Why not put him in Redondo Beach?  I'll have the bottomless fries.
  It's kind of rebound, by the way.
  Hang on, Red, you can't leave.
  You got 10 more kids birthday tables to touch fries in.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  Anyway, wait, you do have another point, Jason?  No, I, well, I did, I did, yeah.
  So your dad had a liquid lunch and dive.
  Yeah.
  Grandma's having, you know, a gin martini at Red Robin.
  I don't know, things falling into place.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I feel like it was already in the blood.
  My dad told me a story.
  I'll save it for, there's a different episode  that we have not recorded yet.
  I don't know if it'll be out, but I got a really good scoop.
  Dad drinking story?  No, no, not drinking, just of like,  oh, that's where the theme park madness comes from.
  Gotcha.
  Aha.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, all that, and my dad had a boat called Drunky  with two E's, it's all there.
  The visors come from my dad.
  The DNA is very clear.
  But anyways, wait, what else about this?  Oh yeah, Mickey then.
  Mickey Rooney's son.
  Mickey Rooney's son is really something to unpack.
  Yeah.
  And how did they know that?  How did he, was he lying?  I don't know.
  I was trying to figure out which son it might've been,  but it's tough because he had eight wives and nine children.
  Wow.
  I don't know where to begin.
  I guess that makes sense.
  Tried to figure it out.
  It might've been Tim Rooney.
  Tim Rooney, then I was looking at an article about him  and his passing away, and it said that he was,  Tim Rooney was chosen to be one of the original 1955  Mouseketeers for the Mickey Mouse Club,  but never appeared on the show because he was fired  for getting into mischief at the Disney Paint Shop.
  What?  Wow.
  It's real.
  It has to be really bad, and they cleaned that up.
  Yeah, maybe.
  I don't know what it is.
  I don't have an idea.
  Because again, wouldn't Walt love a bunch of kids  getting into, he loves the tales of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn,  wouldn't he love, he'd love some kids  getting into some paint business.
  He was like drowning raccoons in paint or something,  like something weird and sinister, not just like,  oh, I got some of the blue paint on my face, whoopsies.
  They were like, Cubby, one of the other kids,  he's like, you're gonna steal my lines and I know it.
  I'm shoving your face in this blue paint.
  It's like, you're gonna be blue forever,  so they'll think you're sick, and I get all your lines.
  It's the Moe Little Rascals joke on the Simpsons.
  Yeah.
  You killed the original Alpha Alpha.
  He smothered the original Cubby.
  Yeah, it's something dark, whatever it is.
  So Mickey Rooney's, yeah, hey, don't get drunk at Red Robin  unless you wanna get friendly with Mickey Rooney's son.
  So this is the story my mom didn't want told,  and then she said, well, you know, hey,  be careful if you talk about it,  because she'll haunt ya.
  I'm looking around here.
  Yeah, you guys first, I'm really sorry.
  Boy, if something comes to light,  or if Garfield the dog suddenly gets very animated,  he's yawning, that's not so bad.
  I don't think you're my grandma right now.
  Hold on.
  Listeners, too, I'm sorry if I'm passing the,  you're all, it could happen to any of us now.
  My grandma's gonna haunt you.
  Sorry, everyone, you're getting the drag me to hell curse.
  Sorry.
  Is this a common thing where she'll be like,  oh, we can't talk about that,  and you're like, there's literally no dark substance  to this story.
  What are you talking about?  It's very charming.
  I don't understand one bit.
  There's not a single part of it that's.
  No.
  Not like.
  Unless she was hiding it from you.
  I told this to Erin, and she's like,  that's what she, my drunk grandma story is that  she had three margaritas and was staying with us  in my sister's room, and then she,  when she was, we had to carry her into the house,  and then she fell into a very loose nightstand  that was covered in Erin's sister's snow globe collection.
  Oh no.
  The snow globes shattered,  gross snow globe water and glitter everywhere.
  That's like.
  Grandma just asleep in it.
  That's the story of Everest,  the Mr.
 Show sketch in real life.
  It happened nine times.
  Grandma.
  We put the snow globes back on.
  Grandma taking like a Matt Cardona death match bump  into the glass.
  Jeez.
  That is a.
  If we're gonna do sketch comparisons, by the way,  this is what, this is the, that occurred to me.
  After the, I'm gonna mess up your hair  and put my hands in the fries, and he's bright red.
  I realized that red is the,  I think you should leave character chunky.
  It's chunky.
  It's chunky.
  Very well, it's chunky.
  No, don't touch the fries.
  You would all summer, figure out what you do.
  You need to figure out what red does.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  What is this?  And then there's no, and guess what?  I'm gonna make it worse here because then I'm like,  is there any information,  did they ever try to do a red animated show?  Is there like a kid's menu out there  where he goes on a maze adventure  and that can tell me what red is?  And the answer is no.
  What there is is a photo of original red  when there was just one location in Seattle.
  It was just a bar.
  And here's what that teaches you about red  is that he was super high.
  Look at this guy.
  Whoa.
  Original red from 79.
  He is in a long weird baseball cap.
  He's wearing big scary boots,  but more importantly, his eyes are red.
  That's why he's red robin.
  Wow.
  His eyes are beet red.
  They drew the veins in there.
  He's bloodshot and he is holding a big fat joint.
  It's a Mickey situation yet again,  where the character's personality and weirdness  and edge was taken away.
  It's been softened to get him to every mall.
  It just has to be nothing.
  They can't know that he is so high.
  The point of red robin.
  Wow.
  This is less red robin yum and more red robin.
  So was the, so what year 79?  You think so?  So was the like, that's like early drug stuff, obviously.
  Like before it was fully in, like,  I mean, it was in popular culture,  but it was not in mainstream.
  Yeah, the sixties had happened, Michael.
  Yeah, I think we're pretty past.
  Yeah, I think we're kind of.
  We're way past a reaper madness.
  You're right, you're right.
  In the fast lane of Coke and Ludes.
  I'm just trying to think of it.
  He's trying to represent weed culture  in the face of the upcoming Coke onslaught.
  I'm trying to think of cartoon high characters.
  Like was Fritz the cat high?  Or was he on cocaine?  I'm sure Fritz got up to some trouble.
  I'm sure there was a lot of the kind of.
  But like who's the first high cartoon character?  I mean, if you're counting like the hate Ashbury,  like Robert Crumb, like the comics  that would show in head shops.
  Yeah, obviously they were all high.
  The Scooby Doo gang, man.
  Yeah, that's true.
  The HR puff and stuff and team.
  That's true, that's the 70s.
  At least the people making it were high.
  Like sixties, yeah.
  So I guess Shaggy is high.
  It is a little unusual to see like a regular bar  have like a high cartoon Robin mascot.
  Or at least if he didn't have the joint,  you could go like, oh, he pulled in all night.
  Or he's like been partying for like the day or something.
  You know what I'm saying?  Don't do, I like this old red.
  Again, we have something to work off of.
  He is stoned off his ass.
  I think it's almost weird that they covered it up.
  I think I do, I will say though,  I'm not saying that he's a scumbag because he's high,  but that he is like very, I mean, he is out of it.
  The vibes are not great.
  He looks like he's gonna hustle you.
  He looks like Chuck, like he's got a vibe  of like Chuck E.
 The early Chuck E.
 Cheese to me.
  I think so, yeah.
  I also found that other picture  that I could see in the preview image.
  Oh yeah, well I was again art.
  Yeah, here's a deviant art of a more realistic kind of,  more Zubli-Zoo style.
  He's kind of cut, like he's kind of jacked, right?  Yeah, they managed to give him abs underneath the feathers  and they made his vest sexier.
  His blue vest is not especially sexy on its own.
  This one is more Red Robin Yum.
  This is, yeah, somebody wants to see Red's seat.
  There is a photo here that I found  where like just kind of perking that seat up.
  He is perking that seat up, yeah, for sure.
  Still holding the burger in one hand,  but kind of like swiveling the hip with the other.
  And it's from behind, it's like you're standing behind him.
  But he knows you're there,  because he's looking at you.
 But he knows you're there.
  Giving you a little side eye.
  You want some of this?  And I don't mean the burger.
 That's a little thirst.
  Yeah, he's got a thirst trap going in that picture.
  But that's a new thing I hadn't considered.
  Like cartoon character drawn,  you are standing behind,  like your view of Bugs Bunny from behind.
  Is just nothing.
  Like that does seem like, oh no, if I go looking for this,  I'm gonna find a lot of it, aren't I?  Yeah, probably, yeah.
  I'm not sure if I want a butt crack or no butt crack.
  I'm a little creeped out by the no butt crack.
  You want Red Robin to have a butt crack?  No, you don't want that.
  I guess I don't.
  No, that's crazy.
  Other than like Ren and Stimpy,  where it's like that's the point is for them  to have like realistic butt cracks.
  You don't want like most of these characters to have that.
  Okay, I don't wanna see this high bird's butt crack.
  That's what the high one is implying.
  Yeah.
  Hey, come with me, I'll give you a show.
  He's kind of squatting.
  We don't just have food here.
  Here at Red Robin, the wedding ring comes off  at the front door.
  Show your ID, then take your rings off, folks.
  Look, on the signs we have to say, want a beer,  but what we're really saying is, wanna fuck a bird?  He's a.
.
.
  I'll touch your fries.
  Then you can touch whatever you want.
  You wanna touch your fries?  I looked up original Red Robin,  and there's a different kind of,  there's a picture of him here.
  Did you see this one?  Yeah, he's, well, yeah, this is a mode where he,  they still gave him pretty huge pupil,  like the eyes are still upsetting.
  Yeah, oh my gosh, they're so dilated.
  It's like he just went to the eye doctor.
  Yeah, yes.
  That's a black and white photo I should have picked.
  No, I got a color one.
  Yeah, look at this guy.
  Look at his, and look at his creepy smile.
  Do you know what I'm thinking about?  Scary eyes.
  It was, for whatever reason,  when people started making mascots,  I do think there was like an initial feeling  that we need to make them kind of like creeps,  because it's a familiar-ish arc in corporate mascots  to have people be weird or creepy or annoying,  and then slowly over time, corporations have rolled in  and made them all exactly the same sort of bland,  hello, nice to meet you.
  I don't have any personality.
  Unsettling hats.
  We wanna have unsettling hats and big eyes and scary grins,  but then we're gonna slim them way down.
  Let's make them unhealthily skinny.
  Make them hot as shit.
  Yeah.
  Or our unrealistic beauty standards that we like.
  No attitude.
  It is feel like the people who created all the characters,  their initial impression of somebody  who would be in charge of a corporation  or in charge of a place would be a creep.
  Like that was their experience,  so that was sort of a default of making all these people  weird or unusual.
  Oh, you're saying,  is that held over from the guy who runs the nightclub?  Is a little bit of a creep.
  Yes, I'm working out this theory in real time,  but yeah, real time, not Bill Maher, real time,  but yes, that's what I'm saying.
  I feel like the people, graphic designers  or whoever's coming up with all these characters,  there was just a default to make the people in charge creeps  or weird or something was odd with them,  and then corporations rolled in  and they've across the board wiped any of this personality  away from all these characters.
  Yeah, except for like the local sports bar.
  Well, that's a different story.
  Who's mascot is like a dog  and he's got his arms around like two human women.
  Like I don't care for,  like I don't like Joe Camel, like with human people.
  Oh, we forgot we were doing a Joe Camel episode.
  Yeah, Joe Camel.
  We got it.
  Remember we talked about doing Joe Camel?  We gotta do it, yeah.
  The universe of Joe Camel.
  We gotta do it.
  My friend Joe Carnegie has been showing me  a lot of Joe Camel art that rules.
  Oh yeah, we gotta do Joe Camel.
  They had some air brushy, like perfect LA dusk.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, Joe Camel's a little cool.
  Coming soon, coming soon.
  Coming soon.
  And you know, it's a fitting,  it's a we've come a long way baby sort of situation  where like the government's like no more jewels  compared to like get your, Joe Camel bucks.
  Like.
  Hang out with the hottest ladies if you smoke Camelites.
  You wanna be like me, right?  You wanna be like me.
  The last place where that exists is like Dick's Last Resort,  which is a dwindling franchise already.
  Dick is just a mean man.
  Worst shitty.
  He's like a sloppy man frothing at the mouth.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I don't like, we've eaten at Dick's ironically before.
  I don't like Dick.
  He's mean, he's homophobic.
  I don't like Dick.
  I was watching like some Vegas vlogger  and they were like, hey, we're staying at the Excalibur.
  Like here's how many rooms it has.
  We're gonna have lunch.
  We're heading to Dick's Last Resort.
  And I'm like, oh no.
  Jeez Louise.
  There's so many places in Vegas to eat.
  Yeah.
  Can I talk a little about my, you know,  this is about the character and not the place,  but I have to say a little bit about the trip that I took.
  Oh yeah, go ahead.
  Friend of the show, Buzz Buzz.
  We met down at the Redondo Beach Mall,  the South Bay Galleria, which I determined,  I think correctly via looking at some Yelps and some photos,  I wanted to find the one that was the most stuck in time.
  Cause as with all these things,  there's kind of a blandening of all of this.
  I didn't want to go to like sort of a boring,  fake sports bar, gastropub, red raw.
  I wanted a little bit of that old spirit.
  And I think I picked correctly  cause it had the big neon sign up above the kitchen.
  And it's all like, there are,  the style of the place is inexplicable.
  There's an American flag made of baseballs,  colored red, white and blue.
  I mean, that couldn't be more on the nose.
  It's all that kind of stuff where it's like, yeah, it's like,  you know, last hundred years of America,  but kind of like swirled around like a bunch of food  and drinks in your stomach.
  Who knows how it's going to look when it comes out.
  You barf it out.
  It's America's barf is the style of Red Robin,  which also includes like this American Gothic,  the painting, but they speared a hamburger on the pitchfork  or there's Whistler's mother,  but the framed photo of on her wall  is just the Red Robin logo.
  Inex, what is this all meant to convey?  The Mona Lisa, but with a mustache.
  And then the Beatles.
  That's it.
  Cause you don't, cause some things are sacred.
  And the great took from my money,  the greatest band that ever did it.
  No, and they already had mustaches in that photo.
  It's just a nice photo of the Beatles.
  No, not you put one of them upside down.
  Don't show that disrespect.
  John Lennon had a dream for this world.
  We let him down.
  You know, I think that's one of the things  that always confused me about Robin.
  Sorry, I think about the dream.
  We miss you John.
  Is that it has the, what it's very, is it bright inside?  Yeah, it's like bright, white and chrome  in the way that a Ruby's diner is.
  Yeah, extreme, very Ruby's.
  The way I believe I heard this is that like,  oh yeah, one of the things that got popular early on  with diners was to have a lot of white and a lot of chrome  so that it was like, look,  we're not hiding any suspicious food.
  Like it's clean.
  This place is fucking clean.
  We're not going to poison you.
  There was a lot more poison.
  Look in the kitchen, look, right under that neon sign.
  This isn't a Listeria factory.
  You know, I'm talking about like Upton Sinclair  jungle era of food.
  Oh, I see.
  Oh, interesting.
  So that design kept going with diners,  even after it became easier and more common  to like clean surfaces.
  So Red Robin has that.
  They also have the flair of a TGI Fridays or a Bennigan's.
  Yeah.
  The silly kitschy things.
  The kooky bullshit.
  And it feels like too much is going on.
  It feels like two disparate styles combining.
  Yeah.
  And it just seems confusing to me.
  And all this, and then a big bird lives here.
  It lives, or is like, what is, is he the manager?  Is he a regional manager?  So he's not there all the time.
  They've also taken this element away as well,  which like Chuck E.
 Cheese,  like they've taken the element of the mascot  being the manager away, I feel.
  Yeah.
  So it's no longer the case.
  Story, clarity.
  Right.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese is like a rock star  that hangs out at this place that is named after him.
  But he's not the owner.
  He doesn't pay the bills,  but the old Chuck paid the bills.
  Yeah.
  And sometimes would stiff people on money.
  I see.
  And I think Red Robin probably also a similar situation.
  He used to run the books.
  Yeah, he used to do a balance sheet.
  Yeah, he would do the balance sheet.
  They made no sense.
  Cause that Seattle location, he doesn't know what,  these aren't even numbers.
  These are just squiggles and drawings of naked boobs.
  And then he would be inappropriate  with the wait staff and stuff.
  And now-  We're $17 short.
  No one's going home until we figure this out.
  Locking the door.
  You're over pouring the drinks.
  It's Marty on that table.
  That was just-  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But now he's just like a greeter.
  He's a Walmart greeter kind of a situation.
  He's the Pope.
  He's just brought around a wave.
  We don't know what he is anymore.
  We've lost sight of what Red Robin is.
  We've lost sight of it.
  And I think we really need to bring back  that the mascot is in the back  working out the schedules for the staff.
  In the little room, the stressful tiny rooms,  and restaurants that people have to do all that stuff.
  That's the narrative I want for all the mascots.
  Yeah.
  As you have this with the party,  you want to know that it's the characters working.
  Yeah.
  John, look at this.
  Look at the iPad.
  Like the Red is touching the fries.
  He's touching the fries.
  He's touching the fries.
  That's not sanitary.
  Turn it down.
  That's a big Robin,  and he's rubbing his wings on the fries.
  These are children.
  She's got gift certificates.
  We're turning away a gift certificate hammer.
  These are worthless now.
  Crumple, throw it in their face.
  They're messing up.
  Hey, stop messing up.
  Yeah.
  Are you ready to see your new bar?  Are you ready to see your new bar?  It's called Smashes.
  We took, we kept the baseball American flag  because when you hit in a home run,  you're hitting a smash,  but we're pushing smash burgers.
  They're thinner, so it's less cost.
  Your margins go way down,  but they're very popular right now.
  You put the pineapple on,  you just get a little glaze on that.
  It's not complicated, okay?  It's an aioli.
  I want to see you make five of them.
  It's a little bit of aioli.
  Your home menu can be made in a convection oven  or a sous vide machine now.
  John, thank you so much.
  Thank you.
  Also, you've burdened us with an actual complicated menu  that we can't handle  and that if you look at the Yelp reviews,  most of these bars go under six months later because-  The smoke gun broke while this crew was still there.
  You've given us complicated cocktails  that are actually like, our bartenders can't do them  and they're actually not making some money  because we're not selling enough  because people want well drinks.
  John, what have you done to us?  Yeah, I got to say,  I'm feeling pretty good about the future.
  I think we're gonna be smashing for a lot of years to come.
  Title card, four days later, the character was back,  putting his hand between the bun and the burger,  pulling cheese off of it,  putting the hand cheese back into the burger.
  No one has ordered John's patented Orange Sunrise  $25 cocktail.
  They just want a Sprite and gin together, no ice.
  Promotional consideration by InBev and Esri.
  John ordered them 20,000 cuties for the stock room.
  The cuties have remained unused.
  They're rotting in the store room.
  There are mushrooms growing on each cutie.
  John has ruined yet another bar.
  We're back to check in on another success story  and we found fungus growing in the quote cutie room.
  The still cuties from the first time we were here.
  John has only spread fungus across this country  with his revamp ideas.
  John has taken an IQ test.
  It is shockingly low.
  So what did you get?  I got their lowest calorie burger that I could find,  which then I looked up later in the day on the website,  eat this, not that.
  I got the this.
  I got what to eat.
  It was the Tavern Burger, which is smaller.
  And I didn't want it to be smothered in sauce  that might make me feel bad.
  So I said, could I get Red's secret tavern sauce  on the side?  And the server said, great, Thousand Island on the side.
  Thank you, let the secret out of the bag.
  And I actually, I did like it and I liked bottomless fries.
  The best thing on the menu, verified by eat this, not that,  it still made me feel like shit.
  I got tired immediately as soon as I ate it.
  And then Erin sat me down for a talk and she said,  let's do some math here.
  You did the hot dog day and you felt very bad.
  Then you went to a Dodger game and had two Dodger dogs  in cascading quality.
  You didn't get the premium the second time  and you felt really bad.
  Then you did the, then you went to Red Robin for,  I think you need to stop eating low quality beef,  even if it is for content.
  It does not.
  So I'm gonna have to wrap it up.
  I mean, maybe I gotta make some go at Scrabble before.
  Oh yeah, before the party's over.
  I'm gonna blow out.
  No more bad beef bachelor party.
  But after that, Erin had a little mini intervention.
  Wow, interesting.
  Well, now it makes me feel bad every time.
  I just gotta stop.
  You have to force you to eat like us one day too.
  We'll do that and then I'm done.
  That's the bad beef bachelor party.
  Yeah, there's, and then there's a.
  Then I'm settling down.
  A little better beef.
  Yeah, better, hashtag better beef.
  There's a little, Biz told me about a double cheeseburger  but put the Big Mac sauce on it.
  That's a hack.
  I can't do it.
  I've heard that for years.
  It's good.
  And it's not, but you have to order it at the window  and then it has to be one where they'll do that.
  Yeah, you have to strong arm them into doing it.
  It's not like the in and out secret menu.
  Oh okay, okay, you gotta beg.
  I don't think it's so hard to do.
  But the double cheeseburger beef at least tastes better  than I think Big Mac Patty.
  If I'm gonna retire from bad beef,  then it cuts a lot of things on the menu off for me  because what I learned for the first time  is that Red Robin has partnered with Donato's Pizza.
  So now there's whatever that is.
  That's in Ohio I think.
  It was on undercover boss.
  That was the only reason we'd heard of it before.
  And there's several things.
  One thing I saw on the menu was a photo of a pizza  that was very flat and that had full coverage of pepperoni.
  There was not one spot on it without pepperoni.
  There's not a rim.
  And that is a thing they do apparently.
  It is a pepperoni pizza that has 100 pepperoni slices.
  Wow.
  Not one millimeter.
  Ain't nothing wrong with that.
  Ain't nothing wrong with that.
  Jason lead on to pepperonis in one sitting.
  And they also have some kind of Mexican themed pizza  with something on top that they call mariachi beef.
  Well there might be something wrong with that.
  There very likely is something wrong with mariachi beef.
  Just the other thing to say is that this Riddraven meal  came after a general tour of the South Bay Galleria  where there's two important things to note.
  One, a big glass atrium in the center  that is soaked at the top in bird poop.
  There is so much caked on bird poop in this mall.
  You know, you like look way up.
  You have a view everywhere in the mall of this atrium.
  And there's birds sitting on top of it.
  So you can like watch the birds mid poop.
  If you ever wanted to do a glass, not a glass bottom boat,  but a glass top observation box of bird shitting.
  You can go to the South Bay Galleria.
  They also, in this mall, there's a department store.
  I think the space was in Nordstrom's.
  Clearly the big space meant for one of the big tenants.
  And the Nordstrom's is gone.
  So now you walk up to it and just in giant letters,  what it says is dinosaurs.
  And it's just big rooms full of dinosaurs.
  Of statues of dinosaurs?  Yeah, some of them move a little.
  Some of them are simple animatronics.
  Like Jurassic Quest?  Yeah, it's like Jurassic Quest, but jammed inside.
  And there's this one part where the ceiling goes up really high.
  And there's like a big window that's very tall.
  And they jam the brontosaurus in there.
  Because the rest of the Nordstrom ceiling is not tall.
  So there's one place they could put him.
  So it looks like he's in a trap.
  Like he got stuck in there like when a hummingbird got  stuck in our apartment alcove once.
  This brontosaurus is stuck in the mall.
  Wow, I want to see this.
  We have no way to get him out of here.
  We've got to take the roof off, airlift him.
  It's the only way.
  So if you want to go to the department store called  Dinosaur's, go to the South Bay Galleria.
  I do want to see that.
  That sounds good.
  I recommend the trip.
  If you're around there or if you're not,  take a trip to the South Bay Galleria.
  At the time, there was a shady circus in the parking lot.
  Wow.
  There's a bunch of just exposed pipes.
  And you could just see installation falling out  next to the AMC.
  I'm imagining Gene Wilder singing Pure Imagination  hearing all this stuff.
  This is a thing at malls across the country,  like simple Instagram opportunities  or like experiential stuff like a bunch of statues  of dinosaurs.
  What you're describing does sound like a miniature golf  course without the putting greens though.
  Oh no, one of the things, one floor is a mini golf course.
  They thought of that.
  And then the other one's just like a bunch of blow up,  just inflatables, like bounce houses essentially.
  But all under the general title of dinosaurs.
  I remember, it's posted this a few months back  and I forget the exact context, but I  think it was a presentation by an experienced theme design  company.
  And they're like, OK, imagine these malls  that are mostly empty.
  What if we put in them a food court, a period food court,  a working video arcade, a candy store, a video game store,  I'm like, you are describing a functioning mall.
  You were describing what malls were.
  You want to turn this dead mall into the experience  of going to a functioning mall, but not go all the way  of making a functioning mall.
  I mean, that's very funny.
  I'm all for it.
  Yeah, I'm for it.
  Please, we want this.
  What else is there to do?  It's hot now.
  It's too hot to be outside often.
  Let me go into the mall.
  I go to the mall with my son and we just  ride the escalator up and down.
  It's a blast.
  It's fun.
  It's a great time.
  Maybe one day we'll run into Mickey Rooney's grandson  or something.
  If you're lucky, you know what I really wanted to say real quick?  The bird atrium, it sounds like if Red Robin, who  was a guy wearing the red suit, wanted to leave,  he could take a shit on the top of the atrium in the suit.
  And that would be grounds for firing immediately.
  Yeah.
  He looked up there.
  You saw his butt crack.
  The butt crack that I desired.
  And it's probably a human one because it's sticking out.
  So it's a little weird.
  Well, I'm all for it.
  If this episode was about what is red, who is red,  a question people were dying to be asked,  why not embrace it all the way?  He's a guy who touches your hair when you don't ask.
  He touches your food and he takes a shit  on the roof of your mall.
  That's right.
  Because we already have Chuck E.
 Cheese, who's kind of nefarious  and a little bit of a jerk.
  Just make this guy, he's just all the way bad news.
  He's crazy.
  Turn him back into the, him with the glassy eyes  and the joints should be, that should be the least  of this guy's problems.
  The lightest of the drugs he's, this guy should be so fucked  up on every pill and upper and downer.
  He doesn't make sense anymore.
  Yum, motherfuckers, yum.
  Do it.
  This is how you get your, make Red like an insane,  not a person, an insane bird who's on death's door.
  Yes.
  The way he's living.
  We're watching somebody in the last insane week  of their life.
  Dennis Hopper's character from Blue Velvet, make Red that.
  Like fuck Heineken, Paps Blue Ribbon.
  With an oxygen tank.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Tank of sucking oxygen with one tube and one blue curacao  with another.
  All right, bitches.
  Red.
  My restaurants are going away.
  That's the Red we want.
  Get on that, Red Robin, and then I'll come back.
  Then they'll be back wherever.
  I don't have to drive to Redondo Beach anymore, but I will.
  But yeah.
  I want to give this, and now I want to hug this insane Red.
  I'm going to have to see dinosaurs.
  And see, yeah, well, we should all just go to dinosaurs.
  But for now, you survived podcast The Ride, The Second  Gate, truly unhinged episode.
  I didn't even say really quick, one more thing  about Red, I found a video from the local news  where a soldier returns home and surprises his mother, who  hasn't seen him in a year, who thinks  he's still stationed overseas.
  Red comes up and starts again.
  He fell right into the character.
  He started touching her face.
  What?  What's this?  And then he took the head off, and it's her military son.
  All right, well, that's nice, I guess.
  It's nice, but weird.
  Like, how could I surprise my mom  in the most heartwarming way by being her favorite character  Red, the best restaurant Red Robin?  I'm coming home.
  I'm coming.
  Hey, thanks for subscribing.
  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our new Patreon  tier club three, where you get one more bonus episode every  month and our regular episodes ad free.
  You get to suggest the episodes.
  At this point, I'm like, I just want to like,  even just a pure, is there an episode all about blue curacao?  Yeah, just 100%.
  Oh, sure.
  Let's figure out the history of it.
  I love a blotcher of it.
  Is there alcohol in blue curacao?  I've never been 100% certain on that.
  I don't know.
  Is it just the flavor?  I wasn't sure if it was like tonic water and club soda  or if it's a liqueur.
  I've never seen anyone just order blue curacao,  but it's in everything that wants to be blue.
  Whether or not it has alcohol, imagine  drinking only the blue.
  Dear God.
  I'll do it on the show live.
  That's a drink that they had.
  I forgot to say this.
  Tito's Blue Chill.
  Tito's vodka, blue curacao, club soda, sweet and sour,  and pineapple juice topped with whipped cream.
  That's insane.
  And it's only $5.
  That doesn't seem right.
  You want to see low prices.
  You'd think that was nice, but that just  makes me think there's no liquor in it  and that it'll make me so sick.
  They can't charge that much because it'll be outside of me  again within six minutes.
  Yeah.
  A beer is like a $5.
  Sometimes you get lucky at a place  with it for a beer for $5.
  Yeah.
  I do not trust that.
  You'd like to see a deal, but no thank you.
  I guess I'll order it next time.
  I'll get a martini and hope that a Mickey Rooney  relative is in sight.
