 Five, four, three, two, one.
  You know, there's been a lot of talk on this show lately about transforming trucks,  but very little about roller skating human trains.
  Today we're going to fix that here on Podcast the Ride, the second gate.
  I am Scott Gairdner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Choo-choo everyone.
 Yes, I'm here and I'm ready.
  I'm ready to talk some, I'm trying to think of the best way to say like,  Synthy choo-choos or futuristic choo-choos.
  Sometimes.
  Sometimes they are.
  Alright, sometimes.
  Yeah, that's a confusing aspect.
  That's a whole, we'll get right into it after Jason Sheridan is introduced.
  I would say a zoobily choo-choos.
  Well, that's a perfect way, a perfect description.
  That's all I could think about.
  Yes, it is a, it is like, if you've ever seen the show Zoobily Zoo,  there is an 80s, early 90s dressing up like animals, like there's a vibe to things.
  And this is a perfect zoobily zoo.
  Like streaky eye makeup and jazz hands.
  Completing, yes, my thought here.
  It's Captain EO is kind of the vibe of it.
  There's so many things in this zone in this time period that feel like this.
  And it's, yeah, thus it's always been kind of dancing on our breath.
  I feel like it's like, we've discovered it mid-episode a couple of times.
  For some reason, something about Starlight Express comes up.
  And we realize we don't know enough about it.
  Anything.
  Yeah.
  In a way.
  Yeah.
  And now we're here and we're doing an episode about it.
  And I will tell you right at the top, we still don't know enough about it.
  I feel like we have to make a little amends at the beginning here,  because here's what I figured out.
  There are some people on our Facebook group who love this thing.
  And I am worried about disappointing these people.
  And I say this not because we didn't, we, I think everybody's absorbed a lot of Starlight Express material,  but there's a thousand versions and the most complicated wiki I've ever seen.
  And now remember that in the 90s Vegas one takes on a Christmas theme.
  And then the rap is out by that point.
  And I'm like, I can't.
  And then the rap went back in or no, it's the opposite maybe.
  No, I could not begin to tell you.
  It is so complicated.
  There's a couple of things I know about it, but yes, I also felt the same way where I was going through and I go,  oh my God, this is so much to know more than almost anything we go in cold on as far as research.
  I feel like I feel the same way.
  Why do I feel more overwhelmed by this than things where there where there should be a wealth of knowledge to have to learn about it?  It's a good question.
  I think what it is is that's really tripping me up is I approach.
  Let me use an analogy to some music that I like.
  Will go as a band.
  They have an album called Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
  I still can't tell you all of the different like engineer demos that I have.
  I can't like like some of sometimes when there's alternate versions of music, I get confused.
  And I think that's a big part of it.
  There are multiple versions of this, multiple versions on Apple Music, and I would have to really sit and draw like a diagram.
  I know a little bit about what it is, but it feels like I needed a couple weeks with all the albums to listen over and over again to fully know what was going on.
  In addition to what you're saying, the history of this also is incredibly confusing and how it was put together.
  And it feels very convoluted in the story itself.
  So every part of it feels convoluted to me in addition to like it being one of the most strange premises.
  Yes.
  Every piece of it is confusing.
  Musically, it's confusing.
  Musically, it's confusing.
  It does have a lot of musical theater things in it, musical theater elements.
  But usually when a show is updated or opens elsewhere or has a different it's 10 years later, there's little tweaks.
  OK, there's not new characters.
  There's not whole songs plucked out or put in.
  Yeah, with the exception of like a Spider-Man turn off the dark where like they plucked characters out and they were a disaster.
  And they had to.
  Yeah, that was like scrapped from the ground up.
  That wasn't like an optional.
  Why don't we mix it up?  That's like we are.
  Everyone people are getting hurt.
  We are all everyone is moaning each day that we have to trudge on with this.
  Yeah, which I feel like a bit of a fool now because this probably a more dangerous show than Spider-Man turn off the dark.
  Oh, yes.
  But I don't think there's as notorious.
  Yeah, there's not injuries.
  But yes, day to day, I would say for whereas Spider-Man turn off the dark was dangerous for some performers who paid the price.
  Yeah, paid the price.
  That makes it so it's their fault.
  They paid a price, paid a price for someone.
  I would somebody else made them do this feels like it was dangerous a little less.
  But to everyone involved, everyone on the stage, there's a high possibility of danger.
  Because this is a this is an all roller skating musical.
  I think those exist here and there.
  There's got to be musicals with a little bit of a component of that.
  But this is just nonstop.
  The entire runtime singing and not just not just a little bit of roller skating, multi level like going past bridges and onto different levels.
  And it's like the most not just a little bit of rosy, it's the most complicated roller skating ever put in front of people at speeds of 40 miles an hour.
  That seems high.
  Really high 40 miles.
  I think that's top level that I feel that feels like when they announce like wrestlers heights and they had like three inches.
  I feel like it's like 20 miles an hour at the most.
  Maybe in like I'm just saying that's the high.
  Yeah, like in a race like in one of the like that's as crazy as it gets.
  It is from what I could tell people are not going a standard average speed of 40 miles an hour for the entire 40 miles an hour.
  You would go across the flash.
  I think that's top speed and you start decelerating.
  Sure.
  Well, I think because this you look there's you introduce characters, but then there seem to be races.
  There should be a lot of races.
  There's a lot of races.
  I think we need to focus on being overwhelmed.
  We're never really as overwhelmed as anyone who had any tiny part in any production of Starlight Express.
  Let's focus on the basics and what we know that we figured out because let me say this.
  I remember the first time that Starlight Express ever came up on the show.
  I don't remember why years ago.
  Your apartment.
  I just remember thinking like what if you just grilled me, what do you know about Starlight Express?  I'm like, uh, razzle dazzle, makeup, skating.
  Know that I know that much and people wear like a lot of white and silver.
  I think that I could not have produced the fact that this is about trains.
  I didn't know that inherently from like the vague flash of an image that I've ever seen of Starlight Express.
  I've certainly picked that up, but like wherever this was lodged in my head up until 2018 or so,  I did not know this was a roller skating human train musical.
  Yeah, I think I have two things I knew about Starlight Express.
  One, Jane reminded me of and that's the family guy gag where Peter's just skating on stage is going Starlight Express, Starlight Express.
  And the joke is kind of like no one knows what Starlight Express is besides their weird costumes and roller skating.
  The other thing I knew in high school, an English teacher was trying to see if there was interest for like a spring break trip to England, like an all inclusive package trip.
  We got a five timer on our hands.
  I think we do.
  I think we do.
  But go ahead, dude.
  I'm just, you know, you're just waving the flag.
  You are trying to make fetch happen with that five timer thing.
  Fetch.
  Mean girls.
  I know.
  Oh, yeah.
  Mean girls.
  It's a handy way to say it's a story that's been told before, but go ahead.
  I don't know.
  So it was this trip to England.
  Not enough people were ever were interested and it never happened.
  But like the package, not like fetch, it just like never happened.
  The page of events included one of the nights, like, you know, tours, you stay here, you stay in this seat.
  One of the nights included a showing of Starlight Express in the West End.
  Yes.
  You said, though, you ended up because I think this came up a couple of months ago.
  I think you said you ended up at like a battle, like a reenactment or something instead.
  I ended up doing like the DC trip that everyone to.
  Right.
 You took a boring trip instead.
  Boring trip.
  Because I was saying, how could you, Jason Sheridan, certainly the kid who was most of the three of us into musicals, I think when we were little, how did you never see one about trains, which was one of your favorite modes of transportation?  I know.
  But I do think now that I've heard a lot of this, I think you would have felt like this was a blasphemous play because it's like there's since and stuff and you there's no there's not a lot of like ragtime piano.
  No, but there's a lot of characters introducing themselves via which is a very musical thing.
  And there are musically Weber moments.
  But I think, yeah, that's having dived in a little bit.
  That's my biggest disappointment maybe is that you hear a little bit.
  You're like, oh, this is kind of a synthy thing.
  All right.
 I see.
  And then it is.
  But it's also got a lot of like shout out.
  I'm sorry.
  Like how quickly it turned to that.
  I was very disappointed.
  I found the opposite in a lot of the songs, though.
  I would start listening and I go, this is the worst thing I've ever heard in my life.
  And I like like 2000s or Everclear albums.
  But I go, I go, oh, this is awful.
  And then all of a sudden there'll be a switch flipped and I go, wait a minute.
  This is good.
  I really like this.
  I'm curious where we will all if we all start if we're name checking what these songs are, what are tastes line up?  I would be shocked if you and I don't have the same favorite songs.
  I think so.
  Probably the best song by a country mile thing.
  Is it too early to say?  Do we have more introductory?  Let's let's I feel like we got we can we need to ease into the web.
  But let's let's say the name at the same time.
  Yeah, we will.
  What what what's broader stuff that needs to be said?  OK, so it's about Andrew Lloyd Webber is the king of musicals.
  He's had many hits.
  Phantom of the Opera.
  This is a cat.
  The cats.
  Yes, cat contemporaneous with him working on Phantom.
  OK, lame is I think is or no cats is already hit.
  Not lame is lame is is about to hit.
  He didn't do lame is.
  Yes, he did.
  Andrew Lloyd Webber.
  Yeah, right.
  Did like no, he did not.
  There are two guys, two French guys, I think.
  Maybe not French, but there's two guys that are not Andrew Lloyd Webber.
  Webber lame is let's find out.
  No, the answer is no.
  Yeah, no, no.
  I think you're thinking of a different one.
  I think I'm just combining the big musicals at the time.
  Yeah, there was there too.
  I think French guys, but there were two guys and I don't know their names.
  OK, so cats is out.
  He's working on Phantom.
  Yes, he's red hot.
  Yes, he's red hot.
  Oh, that's what it was.
  Lame is fucking rinses this show at the Tony's.
  Yes, and it was some of it's that video that we were alerted to said pointed out a lot of the same people.
  People.
 Yeah, not him, but a lot of like stage and lame is is like much better than most of the  things and you're like, from what I know, and I'm not an expert, but well, let's look.
  I'm no.
 Yeah, I'm also no Andrew Lloyd Webber expert, but I have the question at this point.
  Yeah, is he insane?  I hope he is.
  I know.
 I don't know.
  I'm vaguely aware of these shows.
  I mean, I kind of I was not particularly drawn in by the cats movie debacle of whenever that was, but it certainly seemed I mean,  there is its own insanity applied by not Andrew Lloyd Webber, yet still it reminded me of how strange it is that it is it is cats at all.
  And then as you're saying, Jason, it's a lot of introductions.
  It's nothing but interesting.
  You get into this show and it is a lot of introductions as well.
  Yes, he really likes characters.
  The better thing you're taught in improv.
  Have everyone be introducing themselves to each other all the time.
  I hate to make big proclamations about something I'm nowhere near being an expert about, but he seems kind of like a crazy performance artist in a weird way or not.
  He doesn't perform, I guess.
  I mean, he plays piano, but he feels like he's more interested in like putting up at weird abstractions or weird perversions of the world.
  Even more so than like just having the tunes be good.
  Like as I've said, did I say recently or is that episode not come out where Seth McFarlane recently I read an interview with him or he's saying that he feels musicals haven't been as good as like the Rogers and Hammerstein era.
  That's a two timers, depending on when I said it.
  It will be a future.
  Yeah, two timer.
  Hold on to that one.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're making it happen.
  We're making it happen.
  It doesn't feel like the songs are quite as important as everything else.
  And somebody's going to yell at me and say like Joseph and tech made like maybe those songs are better.
  I've heard a good amount of them.
  Like they're OK, I think.
  We're in boy.
  I think we're in trouble.
  We might be walking right into this.
  Yeah.
  Like, wait a minute.
  I will point out this Andrew Lloyd Webber.
  That's good.
  And this and that.
  But I will say Les Mis is like good, really good.
  I think I really I like it.
  I've seen it.
  I like the movie.
  I don't really know Phantom that well.
  I saw cats.
  I love the camp.
  Don't get me wrong.
  I love all this nonsense in camp.
  It's just when sometimes your question was, is he insane?  I'm trying to answer that.
  I'm trying to answer that.
  I think a lot of people might say, yes, he's insane.
  And that's why I like it.
  Yeah, I just feel like without the nonsense, maybe there's less there.
  But somebody's going to yell at me and the Phantom and cats and memory.
  They love that.
  We're all so on edge.
  We're going to be.
  I don't want to get yelled at.
  Well, yeah, and there's look, there's passion about this show.
  And I don't I don't think the intent is to is to shit on the show.
  I like some of this.
  I like some of this.
  As with all things that we talk about, it's a it's a funny blend.
  It is.
  Let me let me bring up partly why I'm bringing up the insanity.
  But we probably all saw some version of the the Holy Trinity, the three  projects that predated course Starlight Express.
  This this was before Starlight Express.
  This this was born out of over a decade of trying to get train related  media off the ground.
  Let's step through these early 70s.
  He attempts to make or be part of an animated series based on at the  popular in England, but not internationally popular book series.
  Thomas the Tank Engine.
  This now friggin mind.
  I thought this was so great.
  That's where this began.
  The now unavoidable.
  Yes, it's the only thing in my house these days.
  Two year old.
  It's it's so ubiquitous.
  But at the time it was a British project and it fell apart, I think, due to  it.
  Maybe a question about mass appeal of Thomas the Tank Engine, which was  proven the most wrong.
  It is the most mass appeal thing with certain age group that's ever been.
  And around the same time, the time that I was in the show, I was in the  Thomas show.
  What was before?  Like like when when the Thomas show did come out was right around the same  time.
  You're there right before right after Starlight.
  Oh, that's Starlight Express eventually.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like early to mid 80s.
  Yeah, he went to them and then they said like, no.
  And then, yeah, very soon after, I believe, is the show came out proving  was proving him right.
  I guess.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Now there's not a lot of information about that.
  There's one picture where you can see on his desk a picture that he's looking  over of what designs might look like.
  And they are horrifying.
  It's like weird, edge faced, like, I don't know.
  It's like kind of like Monty Python.
  It's a little bit like a scary like an Alice in Wonderland hallucination.
  They are not the friendly, cute Thomas's that we know today.
  Yeah, but the show, the original show is creepy, too.
  Yes, the Ringo and Carlin version, Ringo and George Carlin both played Mr.
  Conductor on Shining Time Station, which was the Thomas show.
  And the faces are creepy on those shows.
  Yes, there's moments from it that are chilling.
  I've been thinking about like, what is the right music to set some of it to?  And I'm entertained as a parent pulling up Thomas videos all the time by how they,  you know, the classic video, how do we get hits maneuver is like maybe put a sexy  lady in there, like tantalize of what's to come in that thumbnail.
  But with Thomas, they do that by making the thumbnail the craziest moment of crash  that occurs.
  So it'll be like, this is like horrifying.
  You know, or here's Thomas with a bunch.
  He ran into a crate full of whipped cream or or like a crocodile is about to swallow him.
  I really like that they're doing like toy train crash porn with their thumbnails.
  Is that the old show or is there's a new Thomas that your child is watching?  It's a turtles.
 It never ends.
  Sometimes he's in the mood for old model ones.
  Sometimes he's in the mood for we, I had none of us, no one in the Gertner household is in the mood for when they just  abandon them having to be on tracks and they fly around and stuff.
  What?  No, no, no.
 We want a practical train.
  He's watching it in sort of a scientific.
 I see.
  This is how trains work.
  He does not want to see them fly.
  Has to keep them on the tracks, guys.
  Has he watched the Baldwin is Mr.
  Conductor season?  I was not to say it's a movie.
  Oh, OK.
  And I looked it up and it was in its deep in the streaming hinterlands.
  I would have happily put it on.
  I'm definitely curious to see his take on Mr.
  Conductor.
 How many can Mr.
  Conductors are there?  Do I hate to get on a whole Thomas thing?  Well, I'm not sure because we don't know the entire I don't know what the British wraparound.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I can't name any besides Ringo, Carl and Baldwin, three of the great artists of our  sure of the job or the last century.
  But there's not one more like Jared Leto was Mr.
  Conductor and we don't know.
  He'll get there.
 He'll run out of things to.
  Yeah.
  For to perversify whatever it is he's doing.
  So that doesn't work out.
  The next thing is they discover a singer who can sing three notes at once like a train  whistle.
  I have a question about this.
  Go ahead.
  I saw the clip of this single.
  I couldn't really tell.
  No, what I just described is not nearly that sounds so much more exciting than what they  recorded.
  Yeah, it sounds like they have like some sort of Michael Winslow ability to mimic a train.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And it's not bad.
  It's interesting.
  Look, in my mind, I don't have a clip queued up, but in my head it's like, like, because  I'm in love with you.
  How I would do it.
  Yeah.
  Like there's like a desperation to it.
  Yeah.
  It sounds like you just like ran around, ran into an alley to avoid burglars, but then they  found you anyway and they pressed you up against the wall.
  And that's the sound you make lightheaded to do it.
  Yeah.
  I don't like doing it.
  Oh, yeah.
  I'm not going to do it for a second.
  Anyway, that song is called Engine of Love.
  It is credited to the artist Earl and the Steam Team.
  I mean, yeah.
  Steam Team.
  So good.
  OK, so I'm going to jump ahead.
  Eventually, Engine of Love is put in a version.
  Yes.
  Starlight Express.
  Correct.
  Yeah.
  One of these confusing things that happens.
  Yes.
  The ballad is taken out and we instead want Earl and the Steam Team in there.
  Makes sense.
  Maybe it works great in the context of the show.
  A lot of the music in the show has kind of a synthy train whistle.
  This really, Earl and the Steam Team definitely pioneered the music that was to come.
  Earl and the Steam Team.
  The third one.
  Is anyone especially excited to take the third one?  I mean, yeah, I don't have it right in front of me, but is it a version of Cinderella where  they're all trains?  Yeah, that's a good way to put it, I'd say.
  After these two, well, the single doesn't really sell.
  Thomas Show doesn't go.
  He is not done with this yet.
  So we end up with we're going to do Cinderella, but it's trains now.
  I don't know what format this would have been in if it was a stage play or animated.
  It could have been animated.
  I'm not sure.
  The thing I'm confused about, they leave it generic in any description I've seen.
  It's like it became it morphed into a story about trains.
  And I'm like, was this just you forcing it to we have to make this train thing happen?  Yeah, because it was the ugly train gets to pull the royal coach across a country.
  Well, the prince holds a competition to decide which engine will pull the royal train across the United  States of America.
  OK, so it's a royal train in America and only the most beautiful train at the train ball will get to pull it.
  Cinderella would be a steam engine and the ugly sisters would be respectively a diesel engine and an electric engine.
  Now, this is all stuff to hold on to for Starlight.
  It's a lot of the roots of Starlight Express in this scenario.
  The difference between the engines.
  This is important.
  The difference between a good train and a bad train.
  What how they are powered.
  It's really the John Peters giant spider thing.
  It feels like to me.
  We've said this before on the show where John Peters who produced Batman was obsessed with getting a giant spider in one of the movies he produced and tried to do it in Superman.
  Didn't work.
  And then eventually in Wild Wild West, he got a giant spider on the screen.
  He's obsessed with it.
  It just took hold of him.
  This is going to end up somewhere.
  Come hell or high water.
  Yeah, I'd say it's a little bit of a surprise.
  Yeah, I found that was all the information on a Wikipedia or something.
  I found a note that Angela Weber wrote that went with the Broadway product, like the playbill when this show came to Broadway with a little bit more detail.
  This is so dumb.
  So see a Cinderella's a steam engine.
  The ugly sisters were a diesel.
  They're all sisters.
  Three sisters, one a step sister.
  One's just not related by oil to the other trains.
  The steam engine won the competition with a little help from the fairy godmother, aka the Midnight Special.
  Then further in parentheses, the Starlight Express will get into it.
  The Starlight Express.
  The name of the show is a God figure.
  It's a God of trains.
  But before it was a God of trains, it was the stand in for the fairy godmother, the Midnight Special, the Midnight Train.
  He immediately uses a different term.
  Midnight Train lent the steam engine special equipment on condition that it was all back by midnight so that the special could so they could leave on time in his haste to get back on time.
  His.
  So it's also it's a man.
  It's a male.
  Yeah, it's a male Cinderella and it's trains.
  Multiple premises.
  Yeah.
  In his haste to get back on time, the steam engine dropped a piston and the prince went around America to find which.
  To find the engine that the piston fitted onto.
  So they do the shoe.
  But with it, it's a piston instead.
  It's a piston.
  And it's a male prince trying to find a male engine.
  A prince in America.
  Yes.
  Maybe just traveling.
  But then how does a train get.
  So all the trains get loaded up from England.
  Wait, the trains are a same sex couple then?  Or is it just.
  I mean, assuming that.
  Wait a minute.
  Is the prince not a train?  Maybe the prince isn't a train.
  There we go.
  I think the prince is a guy and he's trying to find the best, most like little engine that could situation.
  So he's not looking for romance.
  He's looking for the best train.
  The best train.
  It would be great.
  Let's take the romance out of Cinderella.
  I know that you think like ball gown and romantic dance.
  No, no, no.
  It's about a guy who needs a good train in a country that he doesn't live in.
  It would be very funny if he's like, I am the prince of Markovia and I am looking for the best American train to fuck.
  To rail, if you would.
  Yeah, that's what I thought it was for a second.
  Well, look, it's a horny franchise, so that would not be so insane.
  No, this is this is the letter in the program you're referring to where this more details coming from.
  This is all also where he kind of not do so fully disowns the production, but kind of hedges his bets of like, you know, it may have gotten a little out of control.
  Like a little bit gotten away from us.
  So we did at the top of the show.
  We don't know everything about.
  Look, I don't know.
  I work good in England.
  I don't know what you're going to see tonight.
  I don't know what.
  Maybe a wheel is going to fly off of a skate and hit you in the eye.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, he's really like trying to step back from it, even though his ownership over a train thing is so strong down to the fact that I'm telling Aaron some of this and she's like, I'm sorry.
  What's the name of his company?  I say the name of the company is a really useful group.
  And she says that's a thing in Thomas.
  That's the most common Thomas theme song.
  Really useful.
  So beyond the three projects, his company is named after a Thomas thing.
  He's like a little train boy.
  And when he's a little boy in England, he's obsessed.
  He's a little train boy.
  And he's trying to bring his friends to the screen, to the stage for so long.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  I don't know.
  I mean, I have a little train boy right now.
  That's what's in the house there.
  Is that his favorite?  He's pretty.
  Yeah, it's that or garbage trucks.
  So now there's a little garbage truck boy.
  Will he be this way when he is 60 years old?  I don't know.
  I would sort of hope not.
  But also, look, this did end up being a very successful enterprise after the decade of dreaming.
  So it worked out.
  Eventually, it becomes what we're talking about today, this sort of garish musical.
  And my thought as to what to say first about it is the look.
  And my thought as to what to get into first about this thing is the look.
  It's a podcast.
  It's tough to describe.
  You know, you can Google it yourself.
  But what are some big descriptors, whether that be first, let's talk about the character, the design that is really maintained through all of this.
  So a lot of makeup, right?  Yeah.
  It's kind of like it reminded me of David Bowie in the Ashes to Ashes video.
  It's I looked up the term.
  It's like new romantic that Adam and sort of you're really pale and then a lot of eye streaks.
  But then you're sort of like a one old clown a little bit too.
  Yeah, it's like you guys not have not seen Return to Oz, right?  We've been flirting with each other.
  There's these characters called the Wheelies, I think, in Return to Oz that are very new, romantic and remind me of this.
  And they're actually like they're people with like their arms are like holding on to like wheels.
  So they're kind of wheeling.
  They seem like half people, half, I don't know, like scooters or something bad.
  Are they villains?  Oh, they're still scared the shit out of you.
  Do you think the whiz falls a little in this?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  I think so.
  But it's this very like Euro chic kind of the Robert Palmer girls a little bit.
  So we're like we're made up crazy.
  Are you going to scare me with the wheel?  I am.
  Go there.
  I want to jump scares.
  I got a moment here.
  Here I'm going to go around and.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A little mad Maxie.
  Oh, yeah.
  That is a lot like.
  Like, you know, I'm not going to go around and.
  I mean, many things in that movie did, but them is one of them, especially this would  this have scared all of you?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think I think me too.
  I think if you were if we had like close seats to it and they're like surrounding you and  getting close.
  Well, as I said before on the show, I was very scared of sitting too close when we were  sitting in the back seat.
  I mean, I think that's the only way to get around.
  I think that's the only way to get around.
  Before on the show, I was very scared of sitting too close when we were seeing Peter  Pan in the round when I was six years old.
  Yeah.
  And that's not even like scared.
  Well, Captain Hook scared the pirates scared me.
  Not pan.
  I loved pan.
  Mm hmm.
  I was not like I'm not like you.
  I love pan.
  I did.
  I loved him too once, but I learned my change steak.
  Yeah.
  The love is gone.
  Like this sad song for them about the crystal carol.
  The love is gone.
  No longer a little pan boy.
  That's too bad.
  The wardrobe wise, we got a lot going on.
  You're right about EO.
  It's very EO.
  It's whites and silvers and a lot of like armor and do dads and plastic molding and  big shoulders.
  I mean, it's they're fascinating to look at.
  Yeah, it is.
  There's a lot of like soft piece like it looks soft in the way that like when a Power Rangers  villain who was in a big rubber suit was supposed to maybe look like they were really solid  rock, they would look soft because it was made of some sort of foam material or some  cushion.
  And it's very similar to that.
  We're like a lot of the pieces that are supposed to be some sort of like tech or some like  impressive part of the train or whatever.
  Just they look so they look kind of foamy.
  Yeah.
  There's I don't know even if I'm describing completely correctly, but it doesn't look  like everybody's wearing hard metal pieces.
  It looks like they're wearing kind of foam soft even maybe like a light plastic kind  of a thing.
  Mm hmm.
  Kind of a little predating and it goes into Lumiere in the Broadway beauty and the beast.
  It's kind of big diagonal pieces with kind of yeah, little like plastic molded parts.
  But then also kind of the like aerobics angle too.
  There's that stuff, but then the girls are very it's leg warmers and skirts and index  kind of thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So you feel the eighties and it's there.
  Yes.
  There's a revival of anything goes that Bernadette Peters was in in the eighties and the sailor  outfits are very eighties eight in the way that the video about starlight express we  watch mentions that Andrew Lloyd Webber got a lot of shit from the cats wearing leg warmers  in cats.
  Okay.
  So that so there's this eighties version of anything goes and then there is a revival  of anything goes from a few years ago with Sutton Foster in the lead and it looks the  costumes are wildly different.
  They are like much more detailed and much more period accurate and less eighties like  I guess you'd call it camp.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I was so this so it's maybe a trend that hit a lot of musicals at the time.
  There was maybe that like this we got to appeal to the rock generation.
  MTV kids.
  How do we get them coming to the theater?  Yeah, that's for sure happening here.
  That is happening.
  And this is the upswing.
  This is the Broadway is on the between cats and then Phantom and then the Disney musicals  Broadway is coming back.
  It's not the taxi driver Times Square anymore.
  Sure.
  Michael Iser's Times Square.
  It's Rudy Giuliani's Times Square.
  Well, eventually.
  Yeah, that's when this starts.
  But it's money.
  Money is here.
  I, I, Jane showed me this.
  She had a copy of this book from college.
  She has a musical theater degree.
  And this is like a giant phone book size book called Broadway musical show by show.
  And these were some of the ones that were when the book was published route.
  Scott, you can see American idiot right there.
  I was hoping it wouldn't.
  Okay, let's go.
  We're going to do that eventually.
  There is a South Pacific revival.
  And this book mentions at well, I don't know, this number might be topped at this point  at a cost of well over eight million, the highest in Broadway history.
  Starlight Express solidified the British invasion by joining cats.
  Me and my girl and Les Miserables.
  Those were like the big shows.
  These big, like big budget spectacular.
  Like that like came from the West End was expensive there.
  More expensive to do it in America.
  Yeah, these are, these numbers are crazy, but it does also make you, if that, if, if  I'm to believe the green goblin and the Spider-Man turn off the dark was a $65 million circus  tragedy or probably more like 75, that number, how crazy is that number when like, cause  you can see the expense of Starlight Express big time and that a bad eight million lines  up, but if, but 65, how does the, where did that?  That show looks interesting, but like, I, maybe I don't see it as much.
  Did it look that expensive to you?  No, I mean, I saw the retooled version, which I feel like might've been less, I think was  like less ambitious and less weird, but still even the pictures I see of what's her name?  Matt was a Matt.
  No, no, this Madam Webb.
  It's not Madam Webb.
  It's the, thank you.
  Rackney was the original character created for the show that was removed once it was  retooled.
  But I've seen clips of that and that doesn't look like it was a, like a $50 million piece  of scenery.
  Sometimes it looks like a theme park thing.
  I'd say a lot of times.
  How much did Bono and the Edge make?  That might be well, yeah, a lot of it's $30 million or something like they probably got  something insane.
  That might explain some of these songs.
  I go, we could do like, if I brought the keyboard over and I, I bet we could write a song that's  better than some of these songs.
  Then Starlight Express you're saying?  And Turn Off the Dark.
  Not Freak Like Me.
  No, no, no.
  No one could ever.
  But some of the other ones.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So it's crazy when it's like, like, yeah, they probably are half the budget.
  They don't, you don't get those guys cheap, especially in like the late 90s or whatever  early 2000s.
  That's gotta be it.
  That's like the movie is so expensive because of.
  And Taymor.
  Restoring in it.
  Two takes 10 to 20 million.
  Like they probably sunk the whole thing because of their salaries, I'm guessing.
  And the rest of it went to bees that came loose from the man made entirely.
  Because Julie came more insistent on real bees for six months.
  We can do it, god damn it.
  Would you let me try?  Yeah.
  But yeah, I don't, I mean, the British one was complex, but it seems like it came to  Broadway and they upped the game.
  gigantic ramps and the ramp and like the the stage itself, like there's lights embedded  in it, like flashing lights that you couldn't trip over, you know, like built into the into  the ground, into the dome and then huge bridges and platforms that can lower and rotate and  pivot.
  It's so it's the most complicated thing.
  Yeah, fair to say.
  We saw Hadestown and they have a spinning stage in that when we were in New York and  I kept just being like nervous that somebody was going to trip.
  Yes.
  And that's one element that happens here and there in the show.
  They weren't on skates.
  But they were on skates.
  And that was a small, small stage.
  Yeah.
  This was a massive.
  Just the looks like at least again, that that video synopsizes things that they get into  like one night.
  So and so was on level three trying to head to level like, oh my god, there's so there's  three stages in a way.
  The top one is 20 feet off the ground.
  And oh, yes, it's extremely dangerous.
  And no, you didn't know how to skate until this.
  That's another.
 OK, so who do you get to be in this?  It seems like they had the the dilemma of is it like, can you get entirely great singers  and great actors who are also great skaters?  I'm not sure that was on the table.
  You were like, they.
  Well, it seems like they ended up splitting the difference.
  Half skaters who they were going to teach to act and half actors that they were going  to teach to skate.
  They didn't go with a full just Armageddon style solution.
  No, they split it in half.
  Yeah, they didn't go with drillers who they trained to be astronauts or astronauts.
  They didn't.
  They they went with drillers who trained to be astronauts.
  They didn't split the difference and go an interesting pitch for an alternate Armageddon  have half drillers, half astronauts.
  It seems like it would also makes a lot of sense to do that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Maybe like cover all your bases.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But hey, you can't argue with the results.
  It worked out the first time.
  That's true.
 It did.
  It's perfect.
  So thus, they're teaching these people to skate as quickly as they can.
  They were also learning all the numbers and songs.
  And it seems like it didn't go great.
  I'm sure every production of this must be the scariest, toughest shit ever.
  I couldn't do I couldn't like I couldn't hang in a rehearsal for one minute.
  I couldn't make it 60 seconds.
  Have you been have either of you been on roller skates in the last 20 years?  I never learned to roller skate.
  I buy the bike, but I don't.
  I never did skating.
 You.
  Um, I think for a moment, maybe or maybe that was a skateboard.
  Even as a child, I would end up going to someone's birthday.
  And then for a while, we would do cast parties at the roller rink.
  And so I would it would be a year or two in between.
  And as I aged, I just got worse and worse.
  Was you aged to like 12 to 13?  No, no, no.
 I mean, from like six to 13.
  Oh, no.
  You're not much better as I as I became.
  No, no, no.
 I was younger and got worse.
  13.
 No, as I I, you know,  I became a chubby child and my center of balance  just got on a train and went elsewhere to another.
  I see.
 I see.
  You got frontloaded with Scrapple.
  You're being magnetized to the ground from a big pile of scrap.
  I remember like once, like,  like going to get like a snack bar thing or like going to the bathroom  with skates on and almost like nailing my head on like a fixture.
  And I was like, why didn't I change?  What was I thinking? Yeah.
  I I I one or two roller skating parties, one skating,  a couple ice skating lessons.
  I was always bad at it, never felt steady.
  And then Lindsay likes to go roller skating.
  So a couple of times in the last decade, we've gone to a roller rink.
  Oh, as adults.
 Wow.
  And I just freaked.
  There's a it is a high pressure situation,  especially when it's crowded.
  You're merging out of the freeway.
  And I'm not very good at it.
  And I am just like my legs are like kind of locked together.
  My feet are just like in a tense position the whole time  as I'm kind of trying to figure out a situation where I'm comfortable  and having fun.
  But people are getting wiped out all over.
  It's still like all the adults who are like much more confident,  like people weaving in and out of you.
  Those people are wiping out fairly often when the couple of times we've been.
  And I go, well, they're very good at this.
  And they're just like too many people here.
  So like just the law of like, well, if there's enough possible  situation where you're going to get hurt, it's going to happen.
  Especially if you're doing this seven times a week on a stage.
  Well, you have to doing your you have to do 10 other things at once.
  Well, it did happen.
 Yeah.
  And a lot.
 Yeah.
  There were snapped ankles.
  Of course, people's eyes were burnt from sweat  because they're also where they're wearing these complicated costumes.
  But like safety regulations require them to wear like soft padding underneath,  which helps them but also just adds to the sheer weight.
  Everybody's in like Arnold Mr.
  Freeze type, right?  You know, for all of them are.
  People take off their shoes and their socks are bloody.
  It's just in rehearsal.
  We aren't even talking about the show.
  And then anybody else see the fact that the averages  that there was that there was a point where they did a ransom math  just based on how many injuries there have been and have been a production of this  in England that.
  OK, so there were 24.
  I'm sorry.
 21 performers in this show.
  And just they added up how many injuries had happened.
  And that means that all 21 performers averaged two point nine injuries apiece.
  So everybody is essentially hurt three times at least  in the course of the production.
  I so an earlier iteration of this,  if it's not sounding weird enough,  Andrew Lloyd Webber, I think, wanted this to be more of like a concert show  and wanted it to be kind of like a teaching  tool, like we will show children  this, if and especially if they don't know the theater.
  This is what they will see.
  This is well before the roller skates.
  But I'm just like and I guess there was some element of that  with the early versions of Joseph and the Technicolor Dreamcoat.
  Meant to be not to be like fully acted out, like it's a thing where it's OK  that you're in one place and you're right.
  Yeah.
 And then eventually took on a life.
  And so Joseph pretty well beloved, pretty, pretty beloved.
  I'd say is pretty popular.
  I've had many revivals, a lot of revivals done by community theaters  and smaller theaters.
  Donny Osmond, Donny Osmond is done in and high school schools,  you know, do productions of it.
  And I guess they do have Starlight Express, too.
  But I feel like you would just be signing a death warrant.
  Like, oh, no, don't let your children do this.
  I would rather my child being like a roller derby than do this.
  I think so in a way, because you know what that is.
  Yeah.
 And there's more safety implements.
  Perhaps.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  You it's having to like stop.
  It's hitting marks on a dot like stopping on a dime  and then and then singing a song.
  Yeah.
 But starting at the top speed of.
  Would you rather have your kid play football or be in Starlight Express?  What's more, what's scarier?  If it weren't for the danger, it's certainly if there was a play  this insane without the danger football on roller skates, but no tackling.
  That sounds OK.
  Touch it's touch football, but you're on roller skates.
  Touch football inevitably devolves into a little bit of tackling.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  I played that in sixth grade.
  So that's all right.
  It looks insane.
  It's a captain, you know, army, and they're all in danger at all times.
  But what are they doing?  What is the tale that is being told?  And here I turn to, I think, a really nice piece of writing  from a writer named Courtney Enlow writing for sci fi and quote.
  In writing, there is a term called a hat on a hat.
  What that means is putting too many things unnecessarily on top of each other,  thus diminishing the effects of whatever those things might be.
  Andrew Lloyd Webber Starlight Express is essentially 72 hats  stacked up wearing a trench coat.
  Like that little synopsis.
  Yeah, that's true.
  And well, what jumps to mind is what she's referring to.
  Jason.
 Well, I'd like to do a little compare and contrast of log lines as well.
  So the the Broadway, the book of Broadway shows gets a little into other details.
  I'm sure we're going to touch on.
  So I'm just going to read you the Wikipedia synopsis.
  And then I'm going to read you a different synopsis.
  OK, the Wikipedia.
  It tells the story of a young but obsolete steam train, Rusty,  who races in a championship against modern engines in the hopes  in the hope of impressing a first class observation car pearl.
  Got it.
 Pretty dry.
  Pretty simple.
  No, very say you're interested in an observation car.
  Beautiful observation car.
 Got it.
 Yeah.
  And he's an underdog.
  OK, here's how the Starlight Express Wiki describes it.
  It's race night.
  Take your seats for the World Championship Railroad race.
  Who will win?  Will it be diesel?  Will it be electric or will it be steam?  So you kind of get all of that.
  These are the hats in the show.
  There is admittedly there's like a straightforward underdog story.
  And then also a concept that it doesn't hasn't existed before.
  It's race night.
  The different kinds of trains race train race night train.
  Train.
 The trains are racing and the different types.
  And we will find out once and for all if steam can beat diesel.
  Yeah.
 Well, I have some things beyond that.
  But let's the racing aspect.
  Yeah.
 Trains don't race.
  Right.
 Oh, you're into a train race.
  I've never been to a train race.
  Has there ever been a train race?  I mean, I'm sure there has.
  Yeah.
 And when I looked up train racing, there's like a car  tries to outrace a train.
 Yeah.
  Or a man.
 But I don't.
  It's not a regular.
  It's not a common.
  No, there's no sport.
  It's set in the high stakes world of train racing.
  OK, but what what's that?  When you have to go wait back up before even one sentence of the synopsis is through,  you know, you have a problem.
  Or not, because this is an exceedingly successful play.
  But wait, we haven't even talked about control.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, you're all, you know, the trains can't do anything  unless they're commanded to by control.
  The other worldly voice kind of controlling everything,  you know, setting the setting the stakes of when the race is starting everything.
  So that's control.
  What am I forgetting about control?  Well, control is a small child.
  A lot of this takes place in the mind and imagination of a small child.
  Yeah.
 OK, so it's the high stakes world of train racing.
  And there's a love story.
  But it's all being dreamed up by a kid who in some productions, at least,  you does start with like there's a kid playing with toy trains and then you zoom  at the time, you zoom on what happens to the kid.
  Yeah.
 Well, you probably spotlight hard on the kid.
  And then you open up.
 Yeah.
  He makes it out of there.
  Whatever it is to do to sneak out.
  That's how you do a zoom on the stage.
  And you just hear him.
  And then this is all his.
  I've also seen it described as dreaming.
  But that's different than like you're playing with the train.
  So it's he's having a dream about trains.
  He's not a huge presence.
  Almost like the show isn't that well thought out.
  They just kept adding and adding.
  It's the like the thing that I like the Trey Parker saying, but the writing  that stuff you want to happen, but it's got to become like this  happens because this and this and after that, like you kind of weave it all.
  This just feels like and and and and and and I think that's probably.
  Yeah, you could say that about cats from what I understand about cats  and what I've heard of cats.
  A lot of and.
 Yeah.
  Can I can I play the overture?  Because, well, it's weird.
  You seem troubled.
  Well, there is a troubling element to it here.
  I'm just going to play this real quick.
  This is the, you know, overture.
  Where's this going? OK.
  So just want to get to give people a sense of the sound  overtures and musicals,  not usually a thing that includes a haunting child's voice  chanting, this is control, this is control, usually just an instrumental medley.
  I'd say, no, this is control has never been said in an overture.
 Yeah.
  Be gone if I was recurring.
  It is like Wendy Yesley Yesley's  is the water warm and the trains warm enough.
  Shall we begin? Yes, Lisa.
  Yeah, a little unsettling.
  And the well, I mean, do you want to do we want to play  song number well, OK.
  I'm leading it too much.
  What's your favorite song in the show, Mike?  It is what did you just reset it?  I just want to make sure I have the title correctly.
  It is one, two, three.
  He whistled rolling stock rolling stock.
  Really rolling stock.
  Yes, really.
  I like that's not even my top two.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Maybe top three.
  I, you know, OK, I throw this on in Spotify and rolling stock comes up  and I'm like, oh, maybe I like it.
  Maybe I like the show.
 Yeah.
  I don't hate rolling stock.
  I'm just I wanted to say, I'm not.
  I don't know how could you.
  I'm going to play not the one on Spotify, but rather this.
  This one has a video to it, so I will turn my screen around.
  So this is a performance on  some country in Europe's television.
  I'm not sure.
  But let me set the scene because creepy overture.
  But now it's time to get to the train action and  the trains have all lined up.
  And then things are led by a particular train named Greaseball.
  Greaseball takes the lead and he is a cocky train.
  He is cocky because he is diesel and diesels are better than steam.
  Obviously, it's also obvious to me what diesel,  what they are as opposed to steam.
  I don't need to fill the audience in on my vast knowledge of diesel  and the benefits of it.
  It goes without saying anyway, diesel is played by an actor.
  I would say almost all later age, but especially this one, I'm going to play  his hair and his high hair and his clothing remind me a lot of  musician behind the famous Joker Stare Dance anthem  and famous sex criminal Gary Glitter.
  It's a very Gary Glitter guy.
  And this is just the dopiest performance.
  So you're going from a live performance.
  The spot of my one I kind of like.
  And it was a little bit like, oh, we're in an OK synth zone.
  But I'm going to play the the the dopier one here.
  That's that's that pretty much.
  I think you want to point out about what you saw.
  Yeah, it kind of sounds a little like Don't Bring Me Down.
  It absolutely sounds like Don't Bring Me Down.
  I like it.
 It sounds like Robert Palmer did Don't Bring Me Down.
  Yeah, a little bit of a deeper lascivious.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I love those like  I love those like, you know, like, you know, like, you know,  like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like,  I love those like gang vocals.
  So many people at once.
  Just the fastest thing I like the song.
  If I see the song at karaoke anywhere in my life, I'm doing it.
  I feel like I could do it.
  Roll it stuck.
 Roll it stuck.
  It's like exactly in my scream zone.
  Yeah, it's no, I had I had a first I was a little bit like,  I don't know about this.
 And then I was like, OK, I like this.
  And I definitely that would be a thing that happens a lot where I go,  I don't know about this.
  And then I go, OK, I like this.
  That has happened a lot of times researching the show.
  You know what won me over is that the overture ends and rolling stock hits  like that, like really hard.
  And that was when I was like, oh, OK, there there.
  This is serious now.
 We're here to play.
  This has momentum.
 Yeah.
  There's a couple of just musically rolling stock, I think, could be a hit song.
  You're right.
 It's very similar to a hit song.
  And let me ask you this.
  And when you guys were researching, I did not find evidence of this,  but I sort of have this theory in the back of my head and we'll  investigate as we go along.
  I feel like every song is maybe based on a popular  music artist or a lot of them.
  Sure.
 I hear very specific people in some of these songs.
  Yeah, I like that one.
  If it's yellow, you can really sing the lyrics to yellow over that.
  He even like some of the light he does a little bit of sort of like flirty  Bowie.
 You got no lovers if you got no wheels.
 Yeah.
  Like Book of Mormon, every song is written like a different musical.
  It's inspired by a different musical.
 Oh, like music.
  One's the music man.
 One's wicked.
  One is like they.
  And I feel like almost like maybe there was a different pop artist  or multiple pop artists influenced these songs.
  I did not find him saying this.
 It's just a feeling I have.
  Probably just a guess.
  I have a vague sense of what is going on musically.
 Yeah.
  It's Elton John.
 It's Bowie.
  One of them is Elton for sure.
 I feel like sounds like Elton John too.
 Yeah.
  Anyway, I love that one.
  I also like a little bit later you get the line.
  Don't try to show you can go faster than me.
  This is my back view and it's all you'll see.
  The lyrics and this are so dumb.
  That is something I think I'm not wrong about.
  The lyrics are so ridiculous and stupid.
  I got to say I am the fastest train.
  Once in a while, there's something that's a little more clever  that's still in the sort of like genre of a train, like describing itself.
  But usually those lyrics are like, yeah, room two, two.
  It may as well be a two, two.
  It's what I'm going to do.
  Yeah.
 Well, because this is like the suite of songs.
  Like the next song is Call Me Rusty.
  The next one is a lot of locomotion.
  I'm not a big Call Me Rusty guy.
 I'll say that.
  It goes off a cliff for me so fast.
  I like a lot of locomotion because that's where all.
  Yes, I think you're wrong about locomotion.
  That's where all the lady cars introduce each other.
  That's what I'm saying.
 When musicals get into like  a lot of that, I feel like it's a blondie rip off.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And I kind of like it.
  The smoking car has a smoking addiction like that's funny.
  But a lot of times I hope you ordered soup.
  I think the cooking.
  It's not that I like that.
  I like Harley Quinn voice necessarily.
  But it's like the vibe.
  It's another one where it starts and I go like, I don't know.
  Do I like this at all?  And then it like kind of like.
  You can't.
  It's like unpleasant, atonal.
  Like this is this illustrates just because it's since doesn't mean I like it.
  This is doing nothing for me.
  Like that part, you're like, OK, I don't know.
  What is this? And then it kicks in.
  Take the lead from the Eastern Ocean  to the West Sea.
  Locomotion is going to carry me.
  That locomotion, that's what we need.
  If we are in a good baseline.
  So what's the.
  Out.
 Do you like that song that I think it sounds like?  Which one?  What's that song called? Right.
  OK, the heart of the one that might like Cyrus does.
  I don't know.
  Maybe I don't know.
  I should know the name of it.
 I don't.
  I'm a glass glass.
  We should mention one of the notable people to come out  an early acting role for this performer in Starlight Express.
  She did survive.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Jane Krakowski.
  Yes.
 Maybe the only like mainstream famous graduate.
  Yeah, I think really young.
  Yeah.
  She there.
 The clip is down.
  I think she was on Seth Meyers or something talking about it.
  The implication was that she she asked if she could skate and she lied.
  She was that as and young enough to be willing to.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, sure.
 Why not?  Also, no way she's the only one who lied.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 They said they saw a thousand people.
  There's some liars in there and there's some liars and whoever they can.
  Like in the year, you're telling me that in the area of actor special skills,  that that is a zone of the resume that is sometimes not true.
  Mine says that it is an actor special skill lying.
  Lying comes in the play.
  All do is a lot of like the phrase like, oh, I'm just checking on this.
  It's my agent.
  And it's like, I'm suspicious you're going to kill me somehow  due to lack of safety.
  I'm believing it on my agent.
  There's a there's a photo of Jane Krakowski  while promoting the event, not inside a stage, but out in a park  in New York somewhere.
  And here's I think you got maybe greaseball there  and another of the female characters, I'm not sure.
  You and Jane Krakowski, why you wonder, am I showing you this  on the corner of my screen?  Well, that's because I'm going to slide it over and reveal  one more person next to Jane.
  And oh, look who it is.
  It's old Donald J.
 Trump.
  What is this? Why?  Why is he with the Starlight Express people?  This is I mean, I mean, this is like her character on 30.
  Like, this is a thing that Jenna would  which they may have clipped on the show.
  Oh, yeah, there is.
  There's a scene where she's like lacing up skates, like a quick shot of  some implied bad thing she's in.
  But don't know why Trump.
  But Trump, though, it's a real runner.
  The Andrew Lloyd Webber, one of maybe the biggest Andrew Lloyd Webber fan.
  It became like it was in the the craziest days of 2020.
  It would they would calm him down by playing memory.
  And he loved Vita.
  He's always been a big Lloyd Webber stand.
  He's a theater guy.
 He's a weirdo.
  He's a Manhattan weirdo.
  He's all the shows like.
  Yeah.
 With like with a lady on his arm with like a mink coat and.
  We're mother.
 Going to the theater.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  Weird giant haired mother.
  Jason, you're saying that because you're saying he's not a salt of the earth  religious guy.
 That's what you're saying.
  I Michael, I know you're trying to imply.
  I the most salt of the earth thing recently is like  the the golf photos that came out.
  He that there was an event at its golf resort and he looks like absolute shit.
  If it's so it's like salt of the earth and then that it reminds you  that he will be in the earth.
  He looks like he should be in the earth within six months, although we know  like we're stuck with this guy for three goddamn decades.
  He looks like a snail who has been covered in salt.
  Like any sense of moisture has been drained from his being.
  I'm not sure the character in Scrooge,  but there's like a like, oh, yeah, you know, I'm tired.
  Aaron's pointed out in a in a cap and who's like mummified.
  Yeah.
 That's what that's what he looks like.
  And I think so Trump loves it.
  Trump loves it.
  She OK.
 So I think he plays because there are these are all the different types  of cars, the dining cars, the smoking car.
  She's Joe.
 She's Dina, the dining car.
  We're jumping around.
  But she her big number is a song that is spelled.
  And when you put the acronym together, it spells out uncoupled.
  And OK.
 Yes.
  Wait, what, though? What's that?  And just imagine in the context of the show that you're hearing,  I guess I'm you and see, oh, you like, hang on.
  You can't do the long spelling.
  Unless it's a very word we're going to get right away because coupled.
  What? Oh, it's train.
  That's when trains.
 Yeah.
  Hook up.
 That's when trains latch to each other.
  And that's so to talk about trains hooking up.
  It's all about the whole thing is about male engine trains  who are horny for female other types of cars.
  Right.
 Because the shift happened later.
  But in the first few iterations, the shift did not happen.
  It was very clear men are engines and women are everything else.
  There could not be.
 Yeah.
  That's why I think that goes back to the Cinderella thing.
  Like, why isn't it just a female and well, because a female engine?  Are you crazy? This world has to have rules.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 For a while.
  And now they've broken down this barrier, this female engines now.
  But just a weird facet of the show and that like,  I'm just like, so is it OK?  The little like latches of a train that grab each other.
  Is that just like holding hands or is it a little is it a little more than that?  Is it like when you put your braid into the mighty Akron's whatever orifice and fly?  He got to it.
  It's hard to think of ways for things to have sex that aren't general based.
  Right.
 But it's Cameron did it.
  And maybe Angela did it, too.
  They're the only two.
  That's all I can think of.
  Yeah.
 A male train, a boy train takes his little lash  and a female train takes her identical latch.
  And when they latch, that's how you make a caboose.
  Have you had this conversation with your son yet?  It's going to be happening.
  So I will.
 That's no that's how I'm going to frame it.
  It's going to help me.
  Like, you know, you remember watching Thomas growing up?  You know, their latches.
  I mean, you know how boys are always and you know how in Thomas  this also was the same thing that only boys could be engines  because Thomas has like a like a girl behind him all the time.
  Oh, you only barely because there's all these books in the house.
  And like you'll just see like half of her eye poking out from behind Thomas.
  That's his poor character.
  They're not passing the Helen test.
  Have they fixed that in recent Thomas versions?  Yes.
 Now there's I think there's a lot of female.
  OK, engines.
 But yeah, up until not in the the Carlin  and Ringo era, the Stone Age, I call it.
  So sexiness throughout.
  And again, let's let's go backwards.
  Remember, it's a boy's it's a young boy's dream.
  He's dreaming of his trains dating.
  Yeah.
 Which is like a young Angela Weber was day was imagining this.
  Andrew, listen to me.
  When you grow up and start dating, it's like a train dragging a caboose.
  You're just dragging dead weight along with you.
  You have a choice to make.
  Are you doing the dragging or are you being?  You're strong.
 You're the you're the force.
  They're just a looky loo observation car.
  Just remember that.
  Mommy, I'm a little steam train and I want to chew.
  I'm going to be the most famous steam train in all of England.
  I want to kiss the other cars, Mommy.
  When will I get to couple?  I want to couple with them.
  He's like an elegant car.
  Your son has been telling the girls at school he wants to couple with them.
  We have to get we have to reprimand the boy in some very graphic drawings.
  What have you done to your son, Mrs.
  Lloyd Webber? I screamed at him.
  Andrew Mark, my if you don't stop drawing this filth,  this will never work out for you.
  You will never be an artist in the medium of trains,  no matter how many decades you try.
  His Spider-Man origin.
  Maybe try once, but get the message and don't try four times.
  I'll prove mommy wrong.
  He's sobbing.
  Choo-choo.
  Choo-choo.
  That's how it happened.
  Um, I think just shout out songs that you dig or don't do.
  What what did you have a reaction to?  Sure.
  I will say overall, the first third had my attention.
  The middle third kind of lost me.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
  What kind of brought me back?  I think I figured out how to get it on the big TV.
  I am starlight.
  I thought kind of got my attention again.
  I do have to shout out ACDC.
  The song that is about is it about an electric train or is about a computer?  I think they say I am a computer at some point.
  Well, I think maybe it's that definition or anything digital.
  Yeah, which I'm sorry, electric.
  Yeah, electric equals computer.
  We know that.
  I think we should say one third of songs, popular songs in the 1980s,  were about like I am a computer.
  Beep boop boop.
  Hit my keyboard.
  Like that was so if you were stuck, if you had writer's block in the 80s.
  Computer blue.
  Sure.
  By Prince of the Prince.
  Oh, yeah.
  But you could just like you just put a little synth on it or you could put a  little sound effects and just go like computers around us everywhere.
  We are like computers now.
  Top of the pops, please.
  Computers everywhere around us.
  So you just wrote a song that could be in the show.
  Sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Compu-dar train.
  I pulled a clip from ACDC.
  This is a more recent production.
  This is, I think, a perennially going production in Singapore.
  There's been a parade of digital based trains, but then kind of the ultimate one  comes out who this is like this seems like the part in the show.
  This is like the big crazy, glammed out androgynous big like a highlight  number that is like good, but then insane the way the vocals are treated in this.
  You'll you'll you'll hear.
  Electric, the future is me.
  I love it.
  Yeah, I do love that.
  I am electric.
  Yeah, you like I have wires.
  Also, some circuits.
  The lyrics are so bad.
  That's what's on the top of my keyboard spell.
  Quirty.
  It's not that there's not that you just exhibited like ten times the knowledge  about computers with that joke.
  Yeah, you have to dial it way.
  But I think I have a screen.
  Lightning bolts leaves the wire and enters the big box.
  Zeroes and ones, I believe.
  I read that once.
  I do like that.
  I do like that, especially seeing the visual.
  I mean, I will give it a lot of credit to even the songs that I don't like.
  Seeing the clip of it does make the song better.
  Yes.
  And that's what cats do.
  That's that's annoying that it's not tough.
  It's not easier to do this in all the time that the show has been going.
  Something that everyone has forgotten to do is to film a nice version of it.
  Yeah.
 One you can watch.
  Right now, we were helped out on this issue.
  Without even saying explicitly, we were going to do the episode.
  One day I saw we had a DM from Amy Elizabeth,  who sent us a massive pile of pro shot versions of the show.
  And I was excited.
  But even the pro shot versions are like, well, that means that there were  multiple cameras and somebody like I had a tripod.
  Try that.
 It was a tripod.
  But right.
 Like, I don't think this has been filmed by a network  for any other than like they were on the Tonys.
  They were on the Macy's Thanksgiving parade.
  Rolling stock was on that.
  But it's a I don't know.
  I mean, thanks, Amy, for everything you sent us.
  It made it easier to watch.
 Yeah.
  But it's so odd that this is not more.
  Yeah, there's multiple versions of Les Mis and other things.
  Like, I don't know about his other musicals of how easy those are  to find some version.
  I think so many things.
 There's PBS.
 Right.
 Right.
  Like somebody today at some point, they did it sort of as a special.
 Yeah.
  And the NBC should do a live version.
  Oh, yeah.
 Sure.
 And all the wiping out.
 Yeah.
  Like famous people hurting themselves.
 Oh, yeah.
  Well, kind of and kind of like contacting performers  without foot like where they'll say, oh, yeah, what is it?  Yeah, I'll do it.
 I'll do a live musical thing.
  And then they get there and like, sorry, I'm doing what now?  How many weeks of skating rehearsal?  Bieber is like, uh,  you're the first one.
 This was a two day gig.
  In my mind, they they called Richard Karn.
  I don't know why  you're kind of like, oh, hey, just a few, a few quick questions.
  Now, once is I skate on a stage.
  What does that was ever for to pretend with my feet? Right.
  Amy also sent us the the YouTube channel is Wade in the Wings.
  And the video is called Andrew Lloyd Webber's Crazy Train Musical.
  And I think this account is like a, you know, video essay channel about,  you know, plays and musicals and stuff.
  So so like Defunctland for shows,  which I say Defunctland thanked in the opening credits of this video  as a supporter.
 So check out that channel.
  That's a good chain.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think now going to be all I watch.
  Did you guys get into the two versions like the two different album versions?  Because the song I mentioned, he whistled at me.
  There's two versions of it.
  OK, I don't know.
 I don't know any of this breakdown.
  Do you mean that there is a cast album, but that then they did kind of a more  let's aim for the pop charts and Phil Ramone, who I forget exactly who that is.
  But that's like a rock producer.
 Right.
  Well, so so what and in Apple Music, at least, there's the original version,  which is listed as the year 1984.
  And then there's an album version listed as 1993 called the New Starlight Express.
  Oh, this isn't what I was talking about.
  And it's like a more streamlined feeling show.
  A lot of the some a lot of the songs are gone.
  And then some of the songs are shorter  and like and kind of reworked like he'll whistle at me is totally different  version than the original whistle me.
  Now, I like both.
 He'll whistle at me.
  Not maybe not equally, but close to equally lay out some stuff about he whistled at me.
  This is this is Pearl.
  This is the primary role.
 Yes.
  And now, I guess if you think about it, and I know there was some people said the show,  I think a version of the show people were saying was sexist.
  And then Lloyd Webber wanted to go in and fix it.
  So I guess, yeah, maybe cat calling isn't  isn't not sexist, but whistle trains.
  It's clever.
 So I think you get around it.
  Oh, all right.
  No, I guess.
 Oh, OK.
  I mean, I think really it's just like saying hello or being interested.
  It's really what the song is.
  That's how trains talk.
 Right.
  Yeah, I got Thomas on all the time.
  He whistles when he it's like how characters break into song  when there's nothing left to say.
  You start to sing and that's that's Thomas going, whoo, whoo.
  Yeah.
 Now, there is the voice.
  There is the whistle in he whistled at me.
  And it's hilarious.
  Oh, I do remember that.
 OK.
  And you got it.
 So, yes.
  Again, this is another one song where I started and I went, oh, God, what is it?  What are we going here?  And then it starts the beat kicks in and I go, well, wait a minute.
  So you get a penalty.
  Rusty, unconnected penalty.
  So you get that.
 You're like, OK, all right.
  What are we doing here?  It's a lot like pan.
 I got to say.
  And that's like slow.
  When they finish, they ramp up and then.
  There's that crazy noise.
  It's got like an is it an 808?  It's like a really great snare drum.
  This is like it's Madonna.
  Yes, exactly.
  So wait till this chorus when the chorus kicked in, I went, OK, we got a winner here.
  You're right.
 I was confused.
  This is better.
 Here we go.
  That's good.
 That's good.
  They got that little ramp up.
  That noise is so funny.
 That's insane.
  It's hard to imagine.
  It's a little weaker at that time.
  Losing whistle steam.
  But the sounds, all the sounds of the production are all the stuff we like.
  Like it's right in the zone.
  You know what it's like is the Mickey.
  She's got a crush on you.
  100 percent it is.
  And it's got it's like everything is like the chorus is a little weak,  but compared to every most everything else on there, it's like a perfect pop song.
  It's a little weak.
  But with the choo choos are insane.
  You're getting a green day.
  You're throwing out perfect, pretty handily.
  I'm saying compared to the rest of the show.
  Yeah, I'm saying like compared to the rest of it.
  You go, well, this is like a perfect pop song like yours.
  It's like you got out of the hot tub and you got into like, you know, the water is  the water feels perfect because you've been submerged.
  Yeah.
 But there's a new the newer version is a slow version,  which I also think is pretty good.
  It's just short, but it never kicks into the like disco thing.
  But it's a little bit more of a like, I don't know, a slow kind of a thing.
  But the singer, I really like the singer on this one.
  Revo Rice.
  Oh, she was the one that in that video, they said she's she was a performer  who had skated since she was a child.
  So she was kind of like a head of the made for this show.
 Yeah.
  I will hear that.
  I like her voice a lot.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I will hear the distant call and then he'll whistle at me.
  This is like Whitney or something.
  Yes.
 Yeah, it's great.
  For again, for the show.
 Yeah.
  I'm going to get you to me.
  I'm going to get you to me.
  So fun.
 So dumb.
  So anyway, I like I think both of those are really good.
  I would I those will end up on playlist someone, I think you're going to.
  You'll keep listening to despite it having.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I got a lot of stuff I listen to.
  Can I talk about the rap?  Yeah.
 Yeah, you can.
  Fortunately, you can do that.
  So if you are thinking to yourself, hmm,  the early 1980s and a British writer,  British musical theater and presario,  what does he think rap is?  And I do have an answer to that.
  I'm going to try to jump around in this to to prove my point.
  A lot.
  That's right.
 That's true.
  OK, girl, I'm with you.
  Hey, yes, you must have.
  OK, so this isn't so much a rap says so much as the song Rock Island  that opens the music man where a bunch of traveling salesmen  are riding a train and they're going  they're they're singing about selling items and about like, you know,  you can't you can't sell on credit anymore.
  You're saying that the the the the subject matter.
  No, I'm just saying like the vibe like that.
  And it's a better.
  Yeah, I'm going to try to find Rock Island  to usually played at the end of the overture.
  So but I'm just going to see if I can catch them.
  Oh, you just wanted to get this on here.
  So I got to get music man into the show.
  Jason's clothes turned into a sailor suit.
  Chorn by the stove.
  Change the approach of the traveling salesmen made it pretty hard.
  No, it didn't.
 No, it didn't.
  But you've got to know the territory.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh rearrangement.
  It's just people like chanting rhythmically at each other.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 More what the rap is.
  Because there's little rap.
  This is a little like Tink Tink does not make it rap.
 Yeah.
  Are you saying the music man invented rap?  Yes.
 Meredith Wilson invented rap.
  Oh, I didn't know.
  The main the title song, that seems like the one that anybody knows.
  I sort of knew the melody.
 Yeah, I did, too.
  Starlight, Starlight Express.
  Fine.
 It's OK.
  I don't.
 Hey, I don't dislike it.
 Yeah.
  But it's not so it's not as good as like memory.
  No, no.
 Here's I get memory.
  A quick hit.
  Jason played his musical alley, the music man.
  I have this is I was like, I don't I don't know how much I like any of this.
  And then I discovered there's an album where they did like a pop version of it.
  That's what I was saying with the pop producer and the song,  which I don't love when it's in kind of showtune mode.
  Starlight Express.
  I'm less into it than it was covered on this by L.
  Debarge, one of my favorite 80s R&B dudes.
  Oddly, in fact, only this song produced by Jay Graydon,  my literal favorite 70s, 80s producer,  how played the guitar solo on Steely Dan's Peg.
 Legend.
 Great.
  Quick hit of this.
 This is like, oh, all right, I could deal with this big time.
  Starlight Express.
  Starlight Express.
  Are you real?  Yes or no?  Oh, and the cover also, look at that.
  I look at that.
 Oh, wow.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  Like now, if it was all like this, I think I'd be I'd be fully on board.
  Meanwhile, can I?  I'm going to text you guys an image.
  This is what when you play Spotify on a TV that with this album,  this is what you're looking at.
  And this is a ALW's, how he comes up on Spotify.
  Just a picture of him looking concerned.
  It's just yes.
  Angela Weber in front of a mixing board looking concerned.
  But the Starlight Express, the album art is so small and he is just  massive on TV.
  Look into my sunken eyes.
  My so many years of trying to make my train thing turn me to this.
  I so that's fine.
  But and then like, yeah, it does start to I'd written some of I think  some of the songs, CB is good.
  Yeah, CB is pretty good.
  He's a little yeah, I don't have to play all of them.
  I this is called No Comeback.
  That's a little bit of a of a jam.
  Where's that one?  Um, I mean, I recall anything on the way,  but I think what I mainly want to talk about is the very final song.
  But by all means, jump to anything we haven't hit.
  Those are the ones I played that I was the most excited about.
  There was a one that's early that reminds me of Elton John.
  And I'm now I'm forgetting which one, which I think it's on the first album.
  It's.
  I think it's pumping iron.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's.
  This is a very like, well, this is because.
  That's like, like, yeah, did you do?  Like the way he sees it?  Well, I think Greaseball was intended to be.
  Well, as with that, I think he was intended to be sort of an Elvis,  even though that rolling stock is not quite that.
  I mean, the way I can I go to the last song or the other one?  The there's a I think recently this  is one thing that popularized this with kind of like snarky Twitter world  was this one Twitter thread by somebody named Josie Campbell.
  And all right, let's go back.
  Remember that hat on the hat?  Remember that all these romance songs were dreamed up by a child.
 Yeah.
  And she did this.
  So Josie did a really funny thread about just like, can I?  It was when Katz was out, like, right.
  Everyone's obsessed with our crazy cats is.
  But can I remind you how crazy Starlight Express is?  And this is one this this really caught my eye, which she said here.
  There are a ton of races and rusty sabotage,  and then everyone argues about the rules and then rusty wins the next one.
  And then the bad guy gets into a wreck and then all the trains  refuse to race anymore and rebel against the child having the dream.
  The end.
 And I I was so confused.
  Like, what? How does that manifest itself exactly?  And it does in this form.
  This is in the song Light at the End of the Tunnel,  which is kind of like the big showstopper,  a little bit of lead up to the moment where the trains become sentient and rebel.
  But here's the first.
  You could be converted.
  What do you mean?  Rebuild with a new and better form of power.
  You mean I could be converted to steel.
  You're cool.
  And this is oh, my God.
  I could you could jury do my interior.
  More modern furniture, please.
  I'll see if it's in the budget to do so.
  Those lyrics have made like millions of dollars.
  Yeah, decades that people lined up  in many countries for many years.
  Yes, shouldn't be problem.
  How long will it take to ballpark the time?  But five to seven beers in his days.
  Now, this is like the the conversational verse of like  sorry with the fringe on top where it's like,  does it really have two white horses?  One's like, oh, God, what is it?  It's like one's like,  Melk, the others more like that, like, hey, you know,  where the melody is going.
  Where are you going with this song?  Yeah, they're kind of just seeing talking.
  It seems like a real musical cop out to like that's what Macfarlane  was talking about, I think a lot of the time.
  I mean, there's also a weird thing.
  And this happens in a lot of musicals where it's like, again,  we got like a British guy  who's like lewd and quail, lewd ratio, quail, lewd and cocaine ratios  are off balance.
  And that's how we started writing train musicals.
  Is that so? Before we start saying, was that wherever you have a coke problem?  That's just my guess.
 It's an IPD.
  I'm going to look it up.
  Don't want to slander.
  Coke ratio is off.
  There's the thing of like, OK, you're a middle age British guy.
  And you're like, and this one's going to be a gospel number.
  You know, you all know what I mean, right?  Wink.
 And it's like, all right, man.
  I don't know if you're supposed to be doing that.
  I think somebody somebody threw it out there that he was  doing cocaine while he made cats, but I'm not sure if it's actually verified.
  OK, I'm just talking more of an 80s vibe that that was the 80s vibe.
  I just have steam.
  Steam is plenty for me.
  Steve, Steve,  diesel.
 My best friend is Robert L.
  All right.
 The rest of this.
  And you've been the.
  Come on.
  Must obey control.
  Engines must obey control.
  Do what you're told.
  Shut it.
  Control.
  Diesel is for unbelievable.
  So, yeah, that.
  So the play culminates with all of the trains in the child's dream,  telling him to shut it.
  And now they have free will.
  That's like Lloyd Webber's self-loathing coming out.
  He knew that this train obsession was unhealthy.
  You know, if I'm playing psychologist here.
  Oh, maybe he wanted the trains to tell him to shut up.
  That's what he wanted.
 He knew he was haunted by those trains.
  I want to stop pursuing these shows, but the trains in my brain make me insane.
  Mommy, I love the trains, but I also hate the trains.
  And that song goes exactly where you think it would go.
  Yeah.
  I did.
 I also wrote down the note.
  The trains tell the kid to shut up.
  Question mark.
 Like that was one of the last things.
  But I'm not sure the album.
  And I'm like, yeah, all right.
  I'm going to put my shoes on and get my bag together.
  I got record.
  And on that note, on that note.
  So that's it's kind of the show, but then all these different songs  slide in and out.
  It's extremely expensive, but it's the talk of the town.
  I think it was I think it worked with audiences to some extent on and off.
  More so in England.
 Maybe didn't work great here.
  Lost the Tonys almost entirely.
  They made a costume design.
  They made a 90 minute Vegas version, too.
  Yeah, made it more of it.
  This is a thing I'm interested in.
  I know this happens a lot.
  It's like, let's cut that thing down.
  Right.
 Let's just make it like a concert, essentially.
  Which is what they were talking about doing, Spider-Man.
  And they never did.
  Oh, I was so in place for it.
  I know.
 That's what I thought.
  I was like, oh, good.
  Like, but obviously, like some numbers didn't add up.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, that's what they were.
  They were like, all right, we're moving.
  We're moving this thing to Vegas.
  Vegas one was also Christmas.
  Now it's Christmas.
 Oh, yeah.
  If we didn't have they put a Santa hat on top of all the other hats.
  And and by the way, this was at the Las Vegas Hilton, the soon.
  Oh, I didn't know of it.
  Never intersected.
  But like a couple of years later was Star Trek the experience.
  Yes, I did.
 I did the math.
  I was double checking what I heard it was at the Hilton.
  Because imagine if doesn't do it in one hotel you could do.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, what the happiest place on earth.
  Yeah.
 I on the Vegas point,  I think there's a lot of crossover seemingly between people who are fascinated  by Starlight Express and this other thing.
  EFX, is that the correct name?  Do you know what I'm talking about?  It was a very like I think it was I think it's a show that existed in other forms.
  But I remember it being at the MGM Grand and being up on the big sign  at the MGM Grand in the 90s.
  And like David Cassidy was in it.
  And it's another I could not tell you anything about it.
  Maybe he is a bandana.
  I what are any facts about EFX?  It just seems like that's a cousin.
  Maybe we need to do maybe a dive into whatever is going on.
  This looks familiar, but I have no I don't know what it is.
  Do you can you you're looking at an image or so?  Is there anything you want to venture a guess in people who know will tell us  we're way off?  It looks like he's it's David Cassidy of Partridge Family fame.
  And it says at the top of the poster, it says miss it.
  And you miss Las Vegas.
  EFX and then a picture of the MGM Grand.
  And then he's sort of in a kind of not a well, a line of people, not a course line.
  He's kind of got like the greatest, great, greatest showman like  Ringmaster outfit with a hat off.
  So like that feels like it's part of it.
  And then if you scroll through the YouTube video and he's wearing,  like, definitely like a ringmaster jacket and there's like giant heads,  there's like giant statue heads surrounding him.
  It's all very and they're all kind of white and babyish and scary.
  It's all a little bit like never ending story.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, my God.
  And if you scroll through, it says Rick Springfield and EFX alive.
  Oh, my God.
  Did Rick Springfield take over for David Cassidy?  Incredible cast.
 Whoa.
  All right.
  Well, audience, if you know, please affirm if EFX is worth looking into.
  Michael Crawford.
 Oh, my God.
  No, there's no way it's not starring Tommy Toon.
  I think you're the only person under 60 years old  who would ever say starring Tommy Toon with that degree of excitement.
  For the show's purposes.
  There's multiple posters of EFX starring Tommy Toon.
  Wow.
 If anyone if you know what Michael Crawford looks like from this  or from Phantom or anything, just know he he's the celebrity  who most closely resembles my father.
  So just if you're looking at a picture of Michael Crawford,  now you maybe know what what my dad looks like.
  Wow.
 Vintage.
  I'm looking at him now.
 That freaks me out.
  Vintage Rick Springfield, the effects alive shirt for seventy dollars on Etsy.
  And he's got the guitar in one hand,  and he's got kind of a pirate type shirt on.
  What? What is it?  I don't know.
 Like, I mean, it sounds like a lot of the Vegas  kind of review shows now.
  Nowadays, I think they lean more heavily towards burlesque  or circ influence.
  But there's always some sort of like Mulan Rugey.
  Yeah, like a rock show, rock review.
  But there's that showgirls element.
  Yeah, there's the standards element.
  Tony and Tina's wedding.
  It all gets matched up.
  And everything else.
 Yeah.
  You just wanted to say that.
 Yeah, I did.
  That's what you mutter in your sleep.
  I've never seen it.
 I haven't either.
  We'll do that one, too.
 Oh, yeah.
  That's a show where like people sit on your lap, right?  That's an inner.
  It's like a dinner theater show where you are part of the show.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  Other versions of this.
  This was done in 1987 and 1988 in Tokyo and Osaka in stadiums,  in the round and with double the skaters.
  So knowing the aesthetic of I don't know if it was at the Tokyo Dome,  the city that we both went to.
  Yeah, cool.
 If I'm like, oh, my God, a late 80s  Japan version of this would have ruled.
  I mean, that's yeah.
 Tokyo Dome is like they do baseball games in there.
  They do big one a year wrestling events there.
  But that's a massive place.
  Double the may of me.
  If you look at the skaters of Tokyo Dome, Starlight Express, let's see.
  Could have been.
 I don't know.
  There's other arenas.
 That's just what I sure, sure.
 Imagine.
  Yeah, I don't.
  Hmm.
 I don't sure.
 It's not coming up immediately.
 So.
  There's a version on ice that was attempted, a touring version.
  This failed for some reason.
  We do not want Starlight Express definitively.
  No, it's not ice.
 It is skates.
  Then there's been versions where there's a big screen and you get 3D glasses  and all of the races are represented by or there's like a just that component  of 3D movies to enhance the race, which apparently there are many.
  This is again, audience cut us some slack if you know the show very well,  because I don't know what's going on besides the songs  because you can't find them almost anywhere.
  Or it's so many versions to sift through.
  But I think a lot of races is what people kept iterating.
  So fascinating, weird, bizarre, on and on.
  Didn't really wasn't a big hit in America,  the hit in England, but it kind of ran its course.
  But something that you said, Jason, the last time this came up on the show,  that there is one place where this is a staple,  where it's part of the culture now.
  I it's just so.
  It's just so odd.
  The details are so weird.
  Bochum, Germany, Bochum, Bochum.
  It's hard to it's kind of I think it's sort of central Germany.
  I put everything near Dusseldorf because I live, I studied abroad there.
  And it's like 40 minutes north of that.
  Don't know much about Bochum, but it opened in 1988 there and it never closed.
  The same like one continuous mostly.
  That's what I that's that's the the stat they want to say is that.
  But it did close and everyone was so sad that it closed.
  There was a closing night where like everyone was bereft.
  How can this be? We can't let this happen.
  Please, if you were a financier willing to help this show go on.
  And then the city itself stepped in and said, we will help finance this.
  We will make this happen.
  And eventually the financiers were found.
  And since then, it is all so this was like this is very this is what movies,  old movies about Broadway shows are.
  But we got to save the show.
  We got to put on a show and save the theater.
  That happened in Germany for this roller skating train musical.
  They're obsessed with it.
  Yes.
 And we're missing one important detail.
  It's it is staged in a purpose built theater.
  Only for this built for this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I love this.
  Reminds me so much of a thing.
  I've somehow we have not covered on the show an Orlando oddity  that at some point in time, and it's a cousin of Pirates  Dinner Adventure, Medieval Times or whatever.
  But for a while in Orlando, there was an American Gladiators Theater  that now is a megachurch.
  Yeah.
 What the hell else do we do with this?  But that reminds me like, oh, my God, it's this it's the Starlight Express.
  Like we built them a rink.
  It's only for Starlight Express.
  And with that, OK, this is all right.
  If I've sounded mixed on this show and would I have enjoyed this one or that one?  You know, I don't know.
 I don't know where I fall.
  And I don't mean to insult the thing.
  But the more that I see footage of or hear about the Germany show,  I think this that's a this is what I want to see.
  OK, seems so good and so immersive and committed to  like you just the you're not even in the show yet.
  The lobby is a Victorian train station.
  And and there's buffet carts for snacks.
  There's bronze statues of the characters, an old flip down departure board  that lists the cast that night's like you're in an old station.
  And then the stage is more like sports arena than proscenium arch.
  Hydraulic bridges, lasers, a triple level racetrack seats on four levels,  including fully rotating swivel chairs for audience members in the pit.
  You're flipping around.
 They're going all around.
  Like and then the footage of that, I saw a clip where  this looked like 40 miles per hour to me, maybe more than 40.
  And the guy there's pyro shooting out of the skates.
  This, I think this is the shit.
  I think the Germany production because it just gets a little.
  I think it must have been weird to watch this in a theater  and in spaces that weren't meant for it in the Broadway one.
  They had to remove 10 rows of seats to get it to the way they wanted to.
  But they built an arena that's only for this dumb musical.
  That's like a human monster truck show or something.
  Yeah, yeah, it's true.
  You're like, oh, my God, this is some sort of spectacle.
  This is not about maybe the details of the lyrics,  the lyrical content of the show as much as it is about, oh, my God,  what are we watching?  I think it forgives a lot.
  Well, you're getting now it's getting closer to roller derby.
  Like, yeah, it's roller derby with a story.
 Yeah.
  It feels right that it's a hit in Germany.
  It just feels right.
  Like David Hasselhoff.
  I mean, I would pass off Starlight Express, but how did he not?  He would be perfect singing Rolling Star.
 Yeah.
  There's yeah, there's not like sort of than me.
  It's been like enunciation.
  There's not some like German variety show he was on where he sang it or something.
  Yeah, it's got to be some.
  Over on your you know, your audience.
 Yeah.
  David, they'd go ape shit.
  You're doing Starlight Express.
  Do you know all that?  Do you or not all?  But you know, have you?  How many albums does Hasselhoff have?  I don't know that I couldn't.
  I'm vaguely aware of the body of work.
 Yeah.
  They're all insane.
  I mean, they're interesting to listen to, but that's like,  you know, that's like eating the sugary pie for every meal of the day.
  Like I tap out pretty quickly.
 Yeah.
  You know, he's got the answer is a lot of the answer is a lot.
  I I have an Andrew Lloyd Webber sort of story, which is  I was I've been listening to recently.
  There's a Patti LuPone live record from the 90s.
  And she talks throughout it.
  But at the beginning, she says, you know,  it's it's great to be performing in Los Angeles.
  I've lived here for a while now.
  And this is kind of a goodbye for now because I'm going for two years.
  I'm going to live in London and then New York to do Andrew Lloyd Webber's  Sunset Boulevard, which he made a musical version of Sunset Boulevard.
  And then I started reading about the musical version of Sunset Boulevard.
  The actress Gloria Swanson, the original Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard,  tried to make a musical out of it that had happy or end it.
  That didn't happen because Paramount only ever gave her  gave her a handshake deal to use the rights and they couldn't figure it out.
 Oh.
  At one point in time, someone approached young Steven Sondheim  about making a musical.
  And he saw Billy Wilder, an old Billy Wilder at a party and said,  What what do you think about this idea?  Billy Wilder says, no, absolutely not.
  If you are going to make it into music, it's got to be an opera  because this is a big operatic.
  This is a big, crazy character.
  So Steven Sondheim never does it.
  But who does do it?  The king of the operatic musicals, Mr.
  Andrew Lloyd Webber, a DAP sunset boulevard in the 90s.
  Yeah.
 Have you heard it?  I've never heard that one.
  I have heard bits and pieces of it.
  My mom had there was like a best of Andrew Lloyd Webber album  that I think everyone gave their mom for Christmas in the 90s.
  And I would listen to the title song on there.
  Hmm.
 My mom, not a Lloyd Webber fan, but a Big Rogers and Hammerstein fan.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  Not sure where my mom, she loves musicals, but I've never we've never discussed  Starlight Express.
  Yeah, I know.
  There's no way my mom knows anything about Starlight Express.
  Yeah, yeah.
  She was not like a Phantom fan or anything.
  She I was just a kid,  a little nerdy musical kid without a country because the other kids  who really liked musicals, I remember, were the ones who like the family.
  They went to New York.
 They came back from New York.
  They had their souvenir cats or Phantom giant photo book, and they clung to it.
  And I was like, well, my family doesn't really go to New York.
  But do you know what MGM Studios is?  Do you know what Disney MGM Studios is?  Because there's some musical stuff there.
  And then you can find those at the local video store.
  You try to within the niche.
  I like I like theme parks, so like roller coasters.
  No, I will see Starlight Parade is  tributed in a ride that takes you through the history of the movies.
  No, no, no.
 It was more like they like musicals,  but I don't know these musicals is what I'm saying.
  I'm trying to learn about musicals from elsewhere.
  Yeah, I was like or rent rent, of course, was huge in the in the later 90s.
  But you weren't hip to that stuff.
  But I wasn't hip to any of that stuff.
  No, no.
  So you all you had was saying, like,  did you know that there's a fake Sunset Boulevard in Orlando?  Yes.
 Or I would buy compilation CDs at like a department store  of like Broadway in the 50s, Broadway in the 40s.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I just I looked I liked it when the turtles sang when I was young.
  And that was about it.
  That was at Radio City.
  That's in the vicinity.
  Yeah, Broadway.
 I know Broadway.
  Seen it.
 I've seen it on tape.
  It was the worst.
  And look, this thing and this is where the Germany stuff really  kicks the stats just in.
  Oh, yeah.
 The hyperdrive,  because this is on their website for the freestanding theater.
  Over 15 million people have been to see Starlight Express in Bochum, Germany.
  Starlight Express in general, all the productions have generated  over one point four billion dollars in ticket sales.
  This is isn't it?  It's like it's almost like invisible and that we knew it existed.
  We're like, oh, yeah, I think I've seen a picture that what are they?  They like roast getting clowns.
 I don't know.
  Meanwhile, it's a religion in a German city,  a religion to some of our audience members, perhaps.
 Yeah.
  And incredibly prof.
 Like, look, Andrew wasn't wrong.
  It is this is massive.
  This is a story that the story of which, by the way, then what is it?  Rusty wants a girl, he gets her and wins and steam works.
  Actually, other trains start wanting steam conversions.
  They want to be in the steam.
  And that story, that's the story.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Is this this beloved around the world?  Oh, and I missed one Germany thing.
  The craziest fact that in they did.
  There was a German reality show.
  And the sole purpose of it was to find new  cast members for this production of Starlight Express.
  Goodness.
 The show was called Musical Show Star 2008.
  Who was Thomas the Tank, one of the judges  or one of the Mr.
 Conductors?  And is he I think Mr.
  Conductor would be a judgey Simon type.
  But Thomas would be a supportive Randy.
  Right, right, right.
 Well, Simon.
  Yeah.
 Was Simon could Simon play Mr.
 Conductor?  Simon would be a good.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 Maybe a little too snide.
  You got to be going to be kind of jolly.
  Like Simon.
 Anyway, then they then they went.
  And here's the boy.
  This doesn't tell you the difficulty of the show that they got through it.
  And there were two winners chosen and one of them started getting into it.
  And it's like, actually, I never mind.
  I don't want to do it too hard.
 Too hard.
  It's like when someone on The Bachelor doesn't like to get divorced or something.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It's exciting.
 It's an exciting turn.
  But weird as the whole point of this.
 Yeah.
  Well, what do we what do we think?  We've talked about it now.
  Do you like it more than before you knew anything about it?  Or are we going to say I do like it more?  Mm hmm.
 I like it more.
  It's still a big mess as far as like.
  Yeah, the music's still kind of all over the place.
  I don't even know.
  I would have to see exactly what version they're doing in Germany.
  Maybe you're right.
 The German version is the ultimate version.
  There's enough ingredients in the stew for me to say I like it.
  I'll say that.
 I think so.
  I think I like that it's there.
  I have talked for a long time about wanting to go back to Dusseldorf and relive,  like go back to the place I got to spend a really fun semester.
  If I did that, you got to do it.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it's also close to Fantasia land that we discovered and got to do it.
  The European vacation.
  I think now I would.
  That's that's the difference between me now and me at 20.
  I would go way out of my way to see to go to a weird Disney ripoff theme park  and then go north to see a freestanding train musical.
  And now we've learned enough about it where, like I said,  I'll go to almost any concert.
  Oh, yeah, I'll go see it and I'll get hyped for he whistled at me or whatever.
  I think I would, too.
 Yeah, I would, too.
  I think I think there'd be chills when rolling stock.
  Finally, the thing you describe, Mike, it certainly happens to me  where like you're a little like, huh, and then it becomes your favorite thing.
  Yeah.
 As I was this.
  Aaron, as the week went on, is like, you're listening to rolling stock.
  I think I think you like it.
  No, no, I'm not a little train boy.
  I'm listening to it because it's funny.
 Yeah.
  It's for research.
  I excitedly ran into the house because I was listening to this in the car  and I go, Lindsay, you got to hear this.
  You got to hear.
 He whistled at me.
  I was like, what do you think?  She was like, oh, yeah, yeah, she got it.
  I mean, she wasn't as dismissive as I'm making it sound like she was.
  She was like, oh, no, that is good.
  Yeah, that's a sounds better than I thought.
  And she started reading the Wikipedia and was like, this is insane.
  What the hell?  Yeah, I think I think one thing that that really makes it interesting  is on paper mathematically.
  If you look at it from a certain angle, it does work that that book of musical  like that musical encyclopedia says, like considered cats on roller skates.
  And it's like, well, cats is making money.
  He had a fist.
  So let's just do it again.
  But it's slow trains instead of little cats.
  Still a very confusing formula.
  Using it's easy.
  Make the cats trains.
  Make Cinderella train.
  But it's like when like the oh, what?  Like a few months ago, like there was like a trade magazine  article that was like, well, between Dr.
  Strange and everything everywhere all at once.
  But the theater going audience is crazy for multiverses.
  And everyone's like, no, what are you talking about?  Like, it's just like someone who just missed the point.
  Jason, I don't want to get your rage up,  but I might have to call that a five time.
  I think that's a five time.
  We're making it happen.
 It's a five timer.
  But that is the thing.
  Like a trend happens and then they start like duplicating it.
  So like cats.
 So that's what happened when cats became trains.
  Cats became trains, though.
  It's obviously multiverse.
  But think about it.
  Cats was a like children, like a book of weird,  fanciful little stories or little illustrations.
  He started with a little children's book about trains.
  It's kind of the same evolution.
  I don't want to get into an argument here.
  It takes a more circuitous path.
  I think I'm not going to say like, he just he just went through.
  He just did a fine and replace of cats to trains.
  I am shocked that it is the same guy, because it does seem like some,  you know, dummy just copy it like.
  Well, I'm sure there were people going like, what about dogs?  You know, make music about dogs.
  We should look into stuff like that, because I'm by the way,  I'm still choking from earlier.
  But I bet there was an attempt at dogs somewhere.
  There had to be a dogs cars after this.
  There may be cars last year.
  It was a twinkle in Lasseter's eye.
  Maybe after this, he was like, oh, yeah, the trains talk.
  If this had hit cars for sure.
  Did Leno ever see Starlight Express?  What did he think about it?  Does he have a train?  I don't know if it's up his alley.
  And does he have a train in the Big Dog garage?  I don't think he's into trains.
  Trains aren't cars.
  He's not a little he's not a little train boy.
  I know he's an all American car man.
  I understand that, but he likes the machinery.
  He likes the mechanics of it.
  So I bet he likes trains.
  He appreciates it, but it's kind of like.
  You know, he has a caboose in the Big Dog garage.
  You don't think there's just a caboose hanging out in there?  I genuinely don't.
  I'd like to go along with you on this, but I think I think he is one.
  I think his heart belongs to cars and to any else that doesn't mind his wife.
  But mainly he's in love with cars.
  And if you have a space, I think a caboose is going to take up room.
  The two cars could occupy.
  I bet there's been a caboose in the Big Dog garage at one point.
  I'm not saying there's one now, but I bet at one point  there's been part of a train in the Big Dog garage.
  I will compromise with you.
  Maybe a train car that you can drive cars into and is used to transport cars.
  OK, cars have to be there.
  Like so there was a car in this, right?  Because if there wasn't a car, get the fuck out.
  I hate train.
  What if we what if he hated trains?  Yeah, maybe that's possible.
  He hates planes.
 He hates trains.
  Yeah, cars that are wiped them off the map.
  We've invented something better.
  Why do they still do trains?  Started the job.
 Just deal the killing blow, you know?  We got to get over there.
  Yeah, yeah.
 That's it.
 It's a themed environment.
  I think we'll find out anyway.
  I'm not going to stay on this.
  I'm going to I'm going to say this and just plan it like I'm going to throw a bomb  and then we're going to get out.
  Oh, here's what it is.
 All right.
  I heard people referring to this play as horny.
  We talked about some of the what coupling refers to.
  That's true.
  I googled the phrase Starlight Express horny.
  There is a lot of erotic fiction.
  Yeah.
 Vong stories about.
  And boy, do these the writers really give up on the idea that they are trains.
  It's so quickly is just like he caressed her breasts and like, hang on.
  You have to at least do a look.
  Andrew, Andrew turned the slippers into pistons.
  You got to do that.
 Yeah.
  Rest her piston.
  You have to figure out what train part is what body part.
  I don't want any of his filth trains don't have.
  Yeah, yeah.
 No, he.
  Well, OK, the train real quick, I know you said you're going to drop it  and we're going to get out of here.
  But when the train, when the human is upright,  is their stomach the undercarriage of the train?  Yes.
 Right.
  I don't know.
  I don't know if I can say that exactly because some of the dancers in rolling stock  had little train.
 Yeah, I know you're right.
  So I'm standing up is like they're  it's as if the train car and they're actually on their wheels.
  I think that all of the dancers and skaters that we're seeing,  we're supposed to be like fuzzing our brain, looking past them and seeing.
  Yeah, seeing the front.
  If they're yeah, if they're facing you, you're seeing the front of a train car.
  That's the idea.
 I think you're right.
  You're not this.
 They don't exist.
  There's no such thing as man train hybrids, though.
  I think that's what the stories are about.
  I think they want to see these.
  I think you're reading the people in these costumes.
  Yeah, you're reading people without as much imagination.
  There's got to be true slash fiction for Starlight Express,  where the people are committed to the idea of the trains.
  Fucking well, yeah.
  I do.
 You guys know what archive of our own is?  So that's what I saw.
  Yeah, it's a massive repository of.
  Do we have any in fiction stories about three of us on there yet?  We don't want it.
  We I'm telling you, there's a lot of Starlight Express on here  and a lot of these stories are the doughboys on it.
  I bet there's a doughboys piece of erotic fiction.
  I was friends with people who worked at crack.
com,  who made videos that are very popular on cracked.
  And they told me, yeah, there's stories about us.
  Oh, my God.
 Really? To read the story you don't.
  People doing via wait, wait, wait.
  What's the when when you're imagining the shipping?  Yeah, yeah.
 Ship.
 Yeah.
  Too weird to be interested to see it.
  I'll be honest.
  Yeah, I think college humor.
  People really like huge fan base.
  You forget no love for funny or die.
  I guess nobody's shipping me and whoever else worked.
  Alex Fernie.
 Come on.
 Where's that?  Yeah, come on.
 Is that fanfic?  There's one phrase that I pulled in that and this is and  and we're going to black out after this and the phrase is this.
  Greaseball dried the fluid off of his mouth.
  You survived podcast, the ride, the second gate.
  Let's let you know about Club 3, do Club 3.
  Let's let Mike have some water and we'll wind it down.
  Get some water.
