 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Hello, I'm here.
  And that'll do it.
  No Jason today.
  And I'll tell you why.
  There's a confusing timeline to acquaint you with here.
  At this point in time, as you're listening to this,  Mike has had a child, you've had a baby.
  That's right.
  And this news has been conveyed to you, I assume, in some form.
  But we're recording this with days to go, hours to go.
  We don't know when it's going to be.
  We're in the past.
  Could be way ahead, who knows?  I'm not sure.
  I'm totally in the dark on this.
  This is up to for God to decide.
  Yes, as he decided everything else about your bundle.
  You've got a perfectly crafted bundle of joy waiting to go.
  He has a whole document about my life.
  He's written it out like a great novel or something.
  So yeah, he's obviously in control of everything here.
  Yeah, and he's written everything about your daughter also.
  Yes.
  That's all pre-  It's all done.
  You guys have to just physically get through this for what's bound to happen.
  Yes, exactly.
  This is why.
  No free will as far as I'm concerned.
  No, no.
  We know this.
  Every sentence that we're about to say, everything down to that, this has all been-  God is an auteur, I like to say.
  That's a little film thing.
  A real Kubrick really, very controlling.
  So you guys have to start enacting his play.
  You have to do your take 70.
  We're but performers in God's great play.
  That's also what I like to say.
  Oh, and you've welcomed a new cast member, the newest cast member, by the time people are hearing this.
  Yeah, and I sound very muted about it now because it hasn't happened.
  So I'm not, I have nothing.
  There's been a glowing version you've heard already.
  Yeah, I assume.
  I believe so.
  And yeah, now this is just like guessing as to what, how the feeling is going to be, especially for me, who's outside of it.
  I'm a supporting player in the play.
  Yeah.
  You're part of the play.
  Chekhov's baby or Chekhov's delivery at this point.
  No, God is using a device, a common device in a movie or a play.
  And you're just waiting for the baby to go off or come out, I suppose.
  So it's exciting.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's written a great moment here.
  There's a lot of tension.
  But I feel like you're just, you're waiting around.
  Yes.
  You're trying to figure out how to, you know, what you're going to do.
  Numerous anticipation.
  So I thought it'd be good.
  Does it seem like it'd be good to just get the dads together?  Yes, I agree.
  The current dad and the dad to be and just have a little bit of dad time.
  Work through some stuff here with the platform that we have.
  Yes, of course.
  I completely agree.
  I think it makes so much sense just to have a little bit of dad time.
  And also Jason has COVID.
  So there's that.
  That is also in the mix.
  As long as he agrees to let that in there and he doesn't want that cut out.
  As long as, yes, if he signs off on the, then you're hearing this.
  Then you're hearing this, yeah.
  First time, maybe.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that's just a coincidence.
  This dad bonding was on the calendar already.
  Yeah.
  And then it just worked out that there was a forcible reason for the non-dad to get out of here.
  It's interesting because I mean, this is, in a lot of ways, you know,  Better Call Saul is wrapped up when you're listening to this.
  Now, this is almost like a prequel being recorded before a, like, it's going to be interesting.
  You're going to see, you're going to current, like, this is taking place in the future,  but it's actually in the past.
  So it's all very interesting.
  This is interesting.
  Well, the audience has a lot to, I'm jealous of the people listening because they know how Saul ended.
  Yeah, exactly.
  They've heard the joy of your parental news.
  Right.
  And they've probably heard, if he agrees, then they've probably heard some of Jason's hijinks with having COVID.
  Right, some of it.
  So yeah, well, we'll see.
  We'll see you in the future.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So we're going to push through and which is, you know, look, we're concerned about Jason.
  And it sounds like he's okay.
  All the reports are that he's okay.
  But he's a little down for the count.
  And it's tough for us because knowing that Jason is stuck laying in bed, be like lazing around,  that he probably didn't get out of bed until, you know, 11 a.
m.
  Yeah, 11 a.
m.
  Not the get up and go of the Jason that we know.
  Right, up at the crack of dawn.
  Mm-hmm.
  Getting to that work that he is so that he welcomes and greets each and every day.
  Hits the rise and grind button, does the battle ropes in the backyard.
  Yeah.
  Well, it's Eiger and it's him, you know, the workload of a typical Eiger day.
  And the only person who would compete would be Jason Sheridan.
  It must be an Ithaca thing.
  They instill it in you.
  Yeah, birthday boys too.
  They rise and grind.
  That's what I've heard.
  All rise and grinders.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Hashtag rise and grinders.
  That's how they did it.
  But, okay, so in his absence, we get to just have some dad chat.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which what is the feel, like genuinely, I mean, it's just, it's nerves and you don't know when the bombs are going to go off.
  You're trying to prep.
  You're doing whatever you can.
  I don't know.
  I don't know that I can even have a good discussion.
  I mean, yeah, it's all like ready to unlock.
  I'm just right now, I'm really, everything is basically just around like, let's just get through those couple days.
  Let's hope that everything goes smoothly and that's where my head is at.
  I'm not like, I'm kind of zen about the rest of it, I feel, honestly.
  I don't think I'm too weird, like freaked out or anything.
  That seems pretty right on.
  We had no grand plan going into it and it seems like the toughest thing to do is to just get it done.
  And then you can just do it and it seems like the tough thing is if you are starting to, if you're trying to like work out all the steps of the life.
  And you can really only do like, okay, I see the stretch of road that's coming up.
  I gotta be prepared.
  So you'll get through the couple days and you'll get through whatever the next couple days are and then the next.
  It's like Vince Gilligan in an interview talking about plotting up at her call.
  He said he just sees the nose in front of his face.
  Barely in front of his face.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I can wrap up all these loose ends and make it seem like there was a grand plan.
  Yeah.
  So can God.
  I'm sure I'll say this later, but look, believe it or not, my interests are not dissimilar to that of a child.
  So I don't think I'm not going to be a Bill Maher snooty kids.
  I only like to party like an adult in a neon colored gaudy as hell basement.
  That's when I look at him in Club Random, swigging full bottles and talking to Jack Osborne, sucking down big thick joints with Jack Osborne in his late 60s.
  I think adults.
  I look at this guy as the epitome of a grown, mature, well adjusted, happy man.
  You see that's what is a little scary that you look at when you think happy, childless adult, you think Bill Maher and we have a vessel with which to watch him every week.
  So you're probably like we made this choice, maybe an error because we know we're not going to end up like Bill.
  And look how happy he's so happy and he does not that every boy exploding the love of life and all people and of all genders.
  Yeah, the love exuding from Bill.
  It's not like every week he gets defensive about not having had kids like almost every week he brings it up.
  Then he says something like I hate cartoons like he's in cartoon, the supervillain or something.
  Oh, yeah, a very viable opinion to have.
  We all know that, you know, we're freaks and the listeners are freaks.
  All of us who like cartoons.
  We know the real answer is that cartoons are for babies and babies.
  And that's it.
  And what strange anyone north of eight years old to like a cartoon.
  Crazy.
  Lock them up.
 Lock us up.
  I say, you know what, if you really want, I know we have we have a lot to talk about today, but really that the like looking between looking at the choice between two grown child men.
  It's Maher and Leno and Leno at least seems happy and content with everything.
  Leno's lived like a child his whole life.
  He collects big toys, which are the cars.
  He gets to wear a superhero outfit of his own and he eats hot dogs and hamburgers for every meal.
  He's like a child.
 He's living a child's life.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But he seems like he's content.
  He's not like defensive about not having had kids or married, though.
  There's not that like bachelor.
  That's true.
 Celebration.
  But like Mavis goes on vacation without him.
  Like, that's an interesting.
  Well, there's an understanding.
  That's what's beautiful about it.
  She knows what he needs, which is to only be in this one place by the Burbank airport.
  Yeah, right.
  And then if not, he's in Pensacola doing a gig.
  If not, he's in the same place as he was.
  Yeah, no money in his pocket.
  Right.
  So she needs to, I don't know, go to Europe or maybe to like Massachusetts.
  She's exotic.
  She's enjoying his standup money, but not tonight show money, I think.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, so I'm just saying, like, Leno's not that defensive about, you know, his choices like Bill is for some reason.
  Bill, for some reason, is constantly mad at an imaginary person that's mad at him for what how he's chosen to live his life.
  He has, well, he has to defend the honor of his choices that he feels so great about.
  Why would we ever question that he so he also like thinks Elon Musk is like Tony Stark still he's so I could talk.
  One of my you know, we can't.
  Yeah, that remains one of my favorite.
  Like that a lot of the way, certainly the way I was introduced to Elon Musk was like, oh, yeah, he's this billionaire who's a gadget, may an inventor.
  It's like he's a real life Iron Man.
  Yeah.
  Cut to everything we know about this guy.
  What happened?  Yeah.
  Was that ever applied to?  I don't know.
  But Bill hasn't gotten gotten the memo where it's where he's been like cosplaying as Tony Stark for a decade.
  And most people have caught on that he might not be the smartest man in the world, but not Bill.
  It's not gotten a club random yet.
  Well, he's still he's stuck in 2010 in a lot of ways.
  That's as are we I guess by talking about.
  But I think we're falling into this because it's a club random kind of format.
  That's true.
  It's just the two of us.
  Yeah, it is like, yeah, we're just how we Mandela and Bill chatting.
  Yeah.
  Talking it up.
  Oh, boy.
  Man talk.
  That said, I.
  Two normal men talking.
  Look, I still I'll be excited when Jason is back and I want to hear Jason interrupt a conversation.
  I want to hear Jason interrupt as Bill's getting into it with George Lopez for two hours.
  Jason should be in club random and then hit him with some like facts during the during the conversation.
  That's great.
  You know, the Philadelphia Toboggan Company.
  Yeah, like Jack Osborne talking about like, oh, yeah, you know, it's been 20 years since the Osbournes and he's like the Osbournes premiered on March 23rd in the year 2002.
  So I think that would be good.
  Bill should.
  You had your own show.
  I was in plays growing up and the shoes on the stage.
  You can't even watch the video.
  Can we get Jason in club?  You need to be in the Beach Boys and Jason needs to be in club random.
  Let's get everyone where they need to be.
  Yeah.
  But first we got to let's do the matters of the day.
  Let's get everybody where they need to be.
  But first, let's get through the matters of the day.
  Look, it's not just going to be random club random of dad talk.
  Right.
  We've got a specific thing to do here.
  The episode title is Dadimotronics.
  And maybe you can guess kind of where we're going with this.
  We just started thinking, well, how does dad stuff apply to the world we are supposed to that we sometimes cover on the show?  And we're talking about are there dad audio animatronics out there in theme park world?  And not only that, I think we haven't exactly talked about the purpose of the episode other than paying tribute to some great dadimotronics.
  But I think maybe a good thing because you're in the days where you're waiting for it all to happen.
  I think it'd be great if you picked a dadimotronic to be kind of a dad role model.
  Like if we could find somebody who's the closest to the kind of dad that you want to be or that you can or maybe you'll steer course and go, I was not thinking about being like this, but I you know, he's inspiring me to.
  Well, can I do can I take that one further one farther and say let's name a step dadimotronic?  Oh, sure.
 Oh, or a god dadimotronic?  God dadimotronic?  Well, then we're not at then because God, you know, step dad is not right.
  Because step is like if he remarries the robot.
  That's not what I meant.
  But like a godfather.
  Like for us or for oh, you mean like.
  I would choose for my child's godparents.
  Yeah.
  Godimotronic.
  I'm like, you know, I see that kind of like this is somebody.
  The mentor.
  Yeah.
  Who I've yeah, like in my absence.
  Right.
  This is your spiritual.
  Yes.
  Somebody I've deemed to be somebody to look up to.
  Yes.
  Not Lindsay marrying a robot.
  It's yes.
  It's this person waiting in the wings and is there at family gatherings maybe.
  That's not something Lindsay would do.
  Now you, I don't.
  Depends on the animatronic.
  Depends on the animatronic.
  Yeah, no, it's true.
  So yeah, that's kind of I mean, there's not a good catchy name to catch a way to say it.
  So step god godfather.
  God god.
  I don't know.
  I can't do it.
  So that's the idea.
  We could still.
  Well, still, it's the same thing.
  It's all the same thing.
  I think that what we're building to and maybe we can come up with a catchy or a.
  Who's the most trustworthy?  Everything that we think that a dad should be.
  Right.
  As demonstrated through their daily repeated tasks on a ride or in a show.
  Yes, that's great.
  So did you feel like you found a lot?  Well, I mean, yeah, kind of.
  Kind of.
  I think you're like there's.
  We were talking about this and we were saying, OK, is it all just robots or robots?  Or is it any character that sort of appears in the park?  And it was more of a fun, intellectual exercise, not intellectual, just say exercise, exercise to determine who in the parks were robots and dads.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  But did you find inspiration from non robots?  Yes, I would say I did find some inspiration from non robots.
  But like, you know, Chewbacca is a suited character.
  Yeah, he runs around.
  You see him on a screen.
  He has children.
  Is that are they his children in the holiday special?  Yes, they are.
  I am B.
 I saw.
  Yeah.
 Lump, lump, a waru.
  He has a wife, Mala, Tobak.
  And yeah, I think he just has one son as far as I know.
  Lumpy.
  So, yes, but but he's out.
  Obviously, Vader is a you can meet him at Launch Bay.
  Obviously, one of the most famous fathers ever.
  Sure, sure.
  Well, between the two, if we're knocking them out as we go, right, Chewbacca seems better, even though he's out on he's on the road a lot.
  Yes.
  He's not spending a lot of time with lumpy.
  He's got.
 Yeah, he's he has to make time for the kids.
  Hopefully, there's some sort of face time in Star Wars.
  I don't know.
  I guess there is kind of the 3D, the hologram thing that maybe we saw that in more.
  It's not always like dire.
  Yeah.
  Warning.
  They probably check in with each other.
  You can read a bedtime story over the hologram.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's how it sounds.
  And yeah, there's other I mean, there's other characters we talk about like Dreamfinder.
  I don't think there's a he doesn't have a child in canon, but he seems fatherly.
  The original version, at least not the hot Dreamfinder from the comic.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I as far as we know, I don't know if there's any official mythology about Dreamfinder's son or daughter.
  I mean, I have I this thought occurred to me about maybe it's similar to a character who is in animatronic form,  Gepetto, where maybe Dreamfinder did not have the ability himself or somebody to share the parenting with.
  And thus had to invent.
  Right.
  Like is Figment kind of his son?  Yes, he is kind of his son.
  For sure.
  I don't know.
  I actually know that's a good question.
  I now that I think about it, I should have looked up how Figment came to be in those origin comics, if that's technically the real origin or not.
  But he finds dreams.
  So I suppose he sort of found Figment in some way.
  He found his son, as opposed to creating a son.
  But Gepetto created his son.
  Yes.
  So Gepetto is a robot and a dad.
  Yeah.
  And that's confirmed.
  OK, well, let's let's analyze Gepetto for a sec, because my my thought there was he just in terms of a good father or not, like very sweet and well-meaning.
  Yeah.
  But wanted a son more than anything, but kind of kid shows up and he loses him.
  What?  Within 48 hours is less.
  I don't I don't know the timeline exactly, but it's pretty quickly gone.
  Yeah, pretty quickly.
  His wooden puppet that comes to life is wooden marionette that comes to life.
  He's out of control.
  He doesn't know what to do with it.
  He's kidnapped several layers deep.
  Like he's kidnapped by one group and then another and then another.
  Yeah.
  So he Gepetto loses him in like three layers.
  I would say he.
  Yeah.
  So Gepetto has a couple of strikes against him.
  What you're saying is that he's like negligent.
  He's a bad.
  He's not prepared for just like logistical thing, like keeping your child safe, keeping them in the same place.
  I think he pictured one dance.
  La la la la la la la la la.
  And like didn't think any.
  You're thinking a little further ahead than that.
  You can't just dance around once.
  The work keeps going.
  The word.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Especially in the Pinocchio's age.
  He's got a lot of energy.
  You know, he's a boy of what Pinocchio doesn't come out as a baby.
  He comes out as a boy.
  No, a little boy of like what?  Five, six, seven.
  You're right.
 Yeah.
  So he's got energy.
  He's got curiosity.
  Sure.
  And he was not prepared for that.
  I'd say it's not a tough age, but he I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Gepetto did not think it through.
  He took him outside one time and he's gone.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
  I would also say he starts from a place of being out of his mind.
  He's I guess.
  Oh, yes.
  As discussed.
  Yeah.
  He's talking to all these inanimate objects.
  And if you include the song from the Christmas special I love, it's it's an unhinged laughter, unhinged laughter.
  Now, ultimately, I guess he proves us all wrong.
  I guess he proves that Gepetto does have the last laugh because he does create life.
  He does make life happen out of wood.
  Yeah.
  So in a in a beautiful way that's not marred by disgusting sex.
  Right.
  He does it in a beautiful.
  We see Gepetto create life, something you you don't even you don't even get to see that in the making of me.
  We go up to the roof and Martin just tells us.
  Right.
  And then we see in the twilight what they're doing in that window.
  It's a wooden virgin birth is really what it is.
  And it's like Jesus or Anakin Skywalker.
  It's really what those are the top virgin.
  If you look, is there like a Buzzfeed top virgin birth list?  Just out of curiosity.
  Wait, I'm sorry.
  Anakin was a virgin birth.
  Yes.
  Another shmi gave birth, but she was never impregnated by another character, another person.
  What?  That's right.
  Anakin was Jesus.
  Huh.
  But Jesus went who went astray.
  I don't know.
  There's not like, let's see, miracle birth stories beyond Jesus.
  I don't know any of these names.
  There's no Horus.
  You'd see Pochitil.
  It's like an Incan kind of.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  So it's a lot of like different religious stories that have a similar virgin birth.
  These aren't from pop culture.
  Right.
  Aztec story.
  There's no like funny thumbnail YouTube guy being like, what are the wildest IP virgin births?  Number 10, David the Gnome.
  Did you know David the Gnome didn't have a mother or a father?  He was born from the earth out of nothingness.
  That's pretty crazy, right?  Number nine, Scooby Doo.
  Scooby Doo.
  That's nice to know.
  It wasn't a gross.
  Yeah.
  It wasn't some weird, you know.
  Don't worry.
  Don't think about it.
  Straight dog sex.
  Yeah.
  No straight dog sex here.
  I'm going to stop looking at this article because these are all from myths.
  You know how myths are.
  Myths are wild.
  Horrible.
  Yeah.
  They're frightening.
  Just the words I'm catching are, oh no.
  Yeah.
  So Geppetto, yeah.
  So there's a couple strikes against Geppetto, but number one really is what you were saying  to begin with is that he's just not doing a good job.
  He wants the love, but he doesn't want the responsibility.
  And that's a common thing with father, negligent.
  People think they want the responsibility.
  They just want the good parts though.
  They don't want to deal with the stuff that's a struggle.
  And Geppetto is not cut out for it.
  No, unfortunately.
  I mean, I hope it goes well in real boy era, but there's no way of knowing.
  I don't feel the best about it.
  And the town is full of threats.
  Real boy era should be explored in Zemeckis, Pinocchio 2, 3, 4, and 5, I hope.
  They're doing Avatar.
  I hope.
  I hope.
  Yeah, they're writing five scripts simultaneously right now for Pinocchio's 2 through 5.
  They're filming in a big water tank too.
  At least the only thing about that would be something new.
  A lot of my, I'm less creeped out by Pinocchio than I am Pan, but I'm a little creeped out.
  But my main problem is there is a new Pinocchio made every two years, if not more.
  How many more times?  Is Roberto Benini's Pinocchio, does he play Geppetto or is he an adult 60 year old Pinocchio?  I believe he is Pinocchio.
  I think he's a grown little boy.
  So it's like Hook, but it's Benini Pinocchio.
  I think so, yes.
  We gotta watch that.
  If that's the case.
  We have to do every full Pinocchio, watch every Pinocchio.
  If that's the case, yeah.
  Ugh.
  Another Patreon tour where we watch every Pinocchio and we would not run out of content.
  Yeah, in all Pinocchio, wait, do you go Pinocchio cast or do you go Podnocchio?  Podnocchio.
  Podnocchio.
  Yeah.
  The podcast with the most legs in it could go for decades.
  Supposedly there's like pages of a Paul Thomas Anderson written Pinocchio script that Downey Jr.
 has wanted to make forever.
  He's like backed up people at a party into the wall and been like, I want to make Pinocchio.
  And supposedly Paul Thomas Anderson worked on some like a little bit of it for a while.
  I don't know if that's maybe just completely like he said he was going to do it and didn't do it.
  But I would love to see like 20 pages of the PTA Downey Jr.
 playing Geppetto Pinocchio that he's been upset that Downey Jr.
  has been obsessed with for years to make.
  There's an old story that Robert Downey Jr.
 is passionate about.
  Yes.
  You know it's going to turn out brilliantly.
  That's right.
  There's another dad in the park.
  I'm going to over to Adventureland.
  Yeah.
  But I'm going to knock him out right away.
  That's Indiana Jones.
  We know Indiana Jones has a child, but he's and technically if we're going off of park, the Indiana Jones Adventure, I believe, is set in 1935.
  And Mutt Williams, his son and one of the greatest characters in fiction, was not born until 1938.
  Right.
  So you're saying he's disqualified just by the fact that he hadn't had a child at that point in his.
  Yeah.
 If you were wondering, is the Indiana Jones that we see in the ride a dad?  The answer is no.
  See, this is going to be interesting because I had found something and I don't know if you're going to maybe you'll disqualify me when I bring it up in a little bit.
  Okay.
  Well, you know, if the message and the moral is strong, I could see my way to not being so literal about it.
  But, you know, we're dealing with a lot of situations where the story is out in the world, but we have to deal with the park sliver of it.
  Yeah.
  So we maybe have to at least think through the time.
  Well, you can make a ruling.
  I'll go along with whatever you say when we come up to it.
  Well, Indy's out.
  Let's talk about a bigger one and what my first thought was when this came up.
  Like when you think animatronic dad, the big one that hit me is Carousel of Progress.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
  That's like the main role you see that guy in.
  That's John.
  And you see him being a parent in a number of different eras.
  Well defined.
  In a lot of cases, you don't even know who the kids are.
  You don't really.
  You really see him parent.
  You see him with James and Patricia.
  Uh huh.
  He is bad.
  He's bad.
  Right.
  He's like such a jerk.
  Good thing Jason's not here.
  I don't know that he would disagree.
  This to me is not a criticism of the show.
  I think when Jason sees Carousel of Progress, he sees his face on John.
  And he's like, that's who I'll be one day.
  But not Uncle Orville more so?  In his party boy days, yes.
  And it's all the old, the Jason I knew when we were in our early to mid 20s.
  Let's stay up and watch Footlight Parade.
  Yeah.
  That Jason was more on Uncle Orville.
  But I think Jason would reject your premise that he's bad.
  I think.
  Well, feel free to be the stand in Jason in this case.
  But I mean, right away, I think the first scene,  we see, all right, how does he treat his son?  He's letting him look at his dirty stereoscope.
  Yeah.
  There's like a, there's an exotic dancer or something.
  And he does say to put it away, but it's that kind of,  it's like my dad with Mad Magazines.
  Like what you wait, you know what?  My dad let him read Mad Magazines.
  Read it to an entire being in comedy or whatever.
  So I guess in a way, maybe I got to give it to the like, let it slide.
  It's like, I don't know.
  I guess I got to give it to John for that.
  Yeah.
  Well, I mean, I forget what is the woman,  is she just wearing like a bathing suit or what is she?  I don't know.
  Can you see, can you get close up enough to it?  I don't think so.
  Maybe you can't.
  I mean, I'm sure it was not terribly indecent if it was handed out at the  world's fair in the twenties.
  Yeah.
  Turn of the century.
  It's the first one.
  I think.
  Well, this is Jason.
  We need Jason here for this information.
  Jason's the one screaming.
  Yeah.
  Now he's the one yelling at the Patriot, the Patreon player.
  That's how you're doing it.
  You all got mailed a player for Patreon and you're listening here.
  Everyone, we announced we were doing a new tier and I said,  so we're going to do all the voting and the Patriot, we're going to do polls  and oh great.
  So everybody's going to have to spend a lot of time in the app.
  Oh yeah.
  He said that in the episode.
  He hates the app.
  Like, shouldn't we be getting people excited about being in the.
  Oh yeah.
  Shit.
  This is bullshit.
  I was like, oh, I didn't know the app was bad.
  I don't think it is.
  I don't think it is.
  I have no problem.
  You post episodes.
  It seems fine with me.
  It seems fine to me too.
  Well, then I, yeah, let's not, Hey, Patreon, look, we love you.
  We're listening to every episode.
  They've heard every episode of ours.
  So yeah, we want to praise them and make sure they like.
  Let's make sure they're saying good things.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you know, John, John knows his son, you know, John knows if his son's ready to  see a ankle or a calf, you know, he knows.
  Shoulder.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Shoulder with a sparkly strap or something like hardcore scene that John, for some reason,  and got his dirty mitts on.
  Maybe the rules might've been to, I assume that the turn of the century was a more puritanical  time, but maybe it's that maybe it's like, you know, filth getting handed out at the  world's fair that caused what we got to, what do we do?  Let's prohibition.
  Let's start, let's start like curtailing.
  So it could be anything.
  I don't know.
  We'll obviously do eventually do a carousel progress episode, but yeah, what is the, what  is that material?  Yeah.
  I bet there's a way to see it.
  This probably a close up so we could find out.
  Just for research purposes.
  We don't care the contents of the belly dance.
  No, I'm not interested in it.
  No, no.
  I don't care.
  It's to report.
  That's for reporting.
  Yeah.
  But I'm talking about Patricia, his daughter.
  He's, he's, he's like, uh, he's like an old timey, like Jim Belushi dad on a sitcom.
  He's very like out of it, like says the wrong thing a lot.
  Doesn't know, like doesn't maybe not in touch with everyone's feelings in the house.
  Yeah.
  It's just, you know, it almost gets better as it goes.
  But the first thing that we see him do with his daughter is that little scrim.
  Yes.
  He stands up and he has, and this is where we find out that they, the family know about  the audience because she says, Papa, all these people, I'm indecent.
  Right.
  It's kind of a joke because she's in big old pantaloon, like the most, she's the most  covered possible, but that's the standard of the time.
  She like, he has essentially shown an, without warning, shown an audience, his daughter in  her underwear.
  You're right.
  Yes.
  You're right about that.
  I guess I'm trying to think, would that be on a Jim Belushi sitcom where he shows a bunch  of strangers versus daughter getting dressed?  I don't think so.
  That might be it too.
  You're right.
  It might be too, too outrageous.
  Something lewd or implied, but I don't think that's how I think ABC's.
  I guess you're, you're, you're giving a good, I mean, you're giving a good rationale for  why he should be immediately disqualified, I guess, cause that is bad.
  That's a pretty big red flag.
  That's a pretty big one to have happen.
  And he says, don't worry, Patricia, they're friends.
  That's my teenage daughter.
  This is a full quote.
  Yeah, that's weird.
  You'll see it Disney world right now.
  It's true.
  That's true.
  And which again, it's not the biggest deal in the way I just think in terms of parenting,  it just seems like he, he's more in his element talking to strangers about gadgets than he  is relating to and understanding the boundaries of his own daughter.
  Right.
  That's right.
  That's fair.
  You're right about that.
  So don't go anywhere close to that.
  No, I'm not.
  Yeah, no.
  I think Jason would be screaming at this point.
  I don't think he would defend the, the, that behavior.
  I don't know.
  There's no way to know.
  He likes this ride so much.
  I mean, this will be a good tease for when we do it in 2026.
  He just loves the world's fair.
  Like I think we've, these are something we've been five years of doing this.
  If the world's fair is anywhere in the vicinity of what we're talking about, you can see as  like posture, he perks up, like he gets a spark in his eyes.
  If we're like remotely in the territory, he's got world's fair.
  He's got fair radar.
  You see?  Sure.
  Yeah.
  He, yeah.
  He, he, you think, so you think actually maybe that is more important than the actual ride  experience for him is that it's like world's fair or not adjacent, but I think so.
  I think maybe not more important.
  I just know that's like a big part of it.
  Right.
  We'll have to find out if he ever listens to this and if we, I guess, if we ever do  carousel progress episode, it will now be really, it'll also be really funny if we just  rip through the rest of carousel progress talking about it now.
  Cause I think he'd get really mad about that.
  Oh yeah.
  You're right.
  Cause we've already burned off a little piece of information.
  Like we've heard of analysis.
  Yeah.
  Well it's part of what Walt Disney, what Walt Disney did for the 1964 world's fair.
  That's right.
  We can't now.
  He, now he can't say it.
  That's true.
  Now he can't say it when we do the, it's been taken.
  He's not going to listen to this either.
  So it'll be all right.
  I'm not sure.
  We'll see.
  You know, I don't know the, I don't know anyone's policy when this happens in the rare event.
  I mean, I got a little curious and listened to Cas Amigos and I got to work.
  So who's, I had a rebuttal to give.
  Oh yeah.
  So we might end up seeing something in the, something pops up in the feed that we don't  know about.
  Right.
  I think we should add about Carousel of Progress.
  Not, not, we're aware of it.
  We know plenty about it.
  It's, we're saying bad things.
  Right.
  That's yeah.
  I hear what you're saying.
  Yeah.
  But is not the father from Carousel of Progress also in Horizons?  Isn't he?  That's the idea of the future.
  Right.
  Right.
  Right.
  Imply, heavily implied.
  Cause he never likes, I'm the guy from the other place.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, it is heavily implied.
  Cause he seems more solid there.
  He's playing a kooky synth machine.
  He's having a nice video chat while doing it.
  Right.
  And then like you were saying, even in the future scene of Carousel of Progress, he doesn't  commit any sort of crime.
  His egregious is the one he did earlier.
  No.
  So maybe progress is learning about your kids.
  So maybe actually he's back in the game here because maybe progress is understanding your  children more.
  Wow.
  What he found is that progress has nothing to do with inventions and Thomas Edison.
  Progress have the biggest progress happens in your mind.
  Right.
  So he's back in the hunt now that I'm talking this out.
  Hmm.
  Oh, I guess so.
  All right.
  So if you include the, cause he's in, he's asking, he knows all about her career as a  desert farmer.
  Right.
  Progress is not just technology.
  It's also having more empathy for everyone.
  It's also understanding people more, I feel.
  So I think, I think progress has something to do, you know, that's like kind of absorbing  cultural movements that happen that like I see.
  So this shift has occurred now.
  Maybe I don't know everything about it, but I'm going to learn and I'm going to listen  and understand.
  I'm not going to have a podcast in my basement where I complain about it.
  John didn't go into a bunker where the, the slight changes that will never affect my  life.
  Right.
  We have, by the way, are not just describing Bill Maher, but hundreds of other podcasts.
  That's true.
  Thousands.
  Many, many podcasts.
  Yeah.
  I'm going to hide from the vague idea that I might encounter somebody who I don't get.
  So yeah, so progress, maybe I, I don't know.
  I think he's, I think he's up there right now.
  John's in the, well, I think maybe of everybody we've discussed.
  Yeah.
  And we, he has to, yeah, we're talking about the version that has grown.
  Right.
  That is in the, the like crazy irrigation world.
  Yes.
  That's the horizons, John.
  And maybe last seen John in carousel progress.
  Yeah.
  Do you know that the dialogue in that, I don't think we said this in the horizons episode  that somebody refers to, I think the mom says we both love the solar berries you sent.
  I did not remember that.
  That's funny.
  Solar berries.
  Solar berries.
  Sending solar berries over if she has a bad relationship.
  Steve is Steven, Steven's solar berry, like a Jetsons version of Steven Soderbergh.
  Steven Soderbergh.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  What would solar berries be like?  Solar is, is that just made, but like entirely grown in, wait, like the light of the sun.
  I was going to say grown from the sun.
  Right.
  I can't imagine a fruit that was grown with the aid of the sun.
  Right.
  That's what I mean.
  What does that mean?  Is it like in a special, like, like, is it solar powered light?  Yeah I think so.
  I think, I think it's berries.
  It's artificial light powered by the sun, but why not just hit it with the sun then?  Yeah, it seems more, maybe it's a place where the sun doesn't shine.
  This is a question.
  Space?  No, but she's not the space one.
  God, I don't know.
  Well, we'll have to figure.
  What's a solar berry?  Let us know if you have thoughts.
  If we ever go get Tony Baxter back on this podcast, that's question number one.
  So what is a solar berry?  What's a solar berry?  That might not have been his project title thing.
  I guess it wasn't, so I don't know.
  But maybe overheard.
  Tony Baxter would survive a trip through Club Random because he'd be, no matter how much,  but don't you think we've gotten a little too, don't you think people with, don't you  think we're taking this COVID thing or are we getting a little crazy about it?  And he's like, that's very interesting.
  Breck Eisner took a tour and he pointed at the model of start tours and said, we got  to do that.
  He would go, he'd go back to the stump speech so happily and throw Bill way off his line  of questions.
  One of my favorite, you know what that makes me think of, one of the season past podcast  interviews where somebody says something about, you know, a new, it's a new age with themed  entertainment or themed experiences where there's a ride, a restaurant and the land,  it's all themed together.
  And Tony goes, that's a new thing.
  And Tony goes, oh, you mean like New Orleans Square from Disneyland that has a restaurant  and a themed area and parts of Caribbean.
  Like, wow, Tony Baxter, like threw his cards on the table or threw the mic down.
  Well, and this, you know, the, the knots thing he said with us, that's true.
  He'll get into it.
  He'll, he would get, he would get into, yeah, he would, it would all be based on New Orleans  Square or scooping ice cream, but yeah, he would get into it at Club Random.
  But isn't that, hey, that's what we do.
  That's what we let.
  That's why he came on our show before he went on Club Random.
  Yeah, of course.
  Here's a big, if we're talking just sheer numbers, there are a lot of fathers to choose  from.
  It might be the biggest collection of animatronic fathers in the world.
  You know where I'm going with this.
  I believe I do.
  The Hall of Presidents.
  Yes.
  That is essentially almost all of them.
  Except for one.
  Yeah, that's what I found too.
  Yes.
  Poke.
  Oh, wait.
  I think.
  Well, the list I-  Wait, wait, wait.
  I found that Warren Harding maybe, because a lot of people maybe didn't have their own  biological children with their, with the First Lady, but maybe they raised other, like they  were, they took care of a nephew or niece or something.
  But I found that Warren Harding is the one who-  Really?  I saw James K.
 Polk.
  Yeah, that'd be right though.
  I don't know what I saw.
  I don't know what asterisk I saw to where, I mean, there's, yeah, some did not, but like  we're the guardians.
  John Tyler, 15 known children.
  Oh my God.
  So yeah.
  So the sheer, this collection of robots produced a lot of children.
  Well, and-  The numbers are not necessarily-  And the founding fathers themselves, the fathers of the country as well.
  So-  So you got to give them credit for that.
  They did birth a beautiful child called America.
  A perfect constitution that's never given us any problems.
  Maybe if they had done, in that, the founding they were doing as fathers, maybe if they  made certain decisions early on, the later years wouldn't have been as wild.
  Right.
  I'm going to say that one really knocks.
  The current state of things really knocks them out in terms of, if we're saying America  is their child.
  Yeah.
  I don't think the presidents are going to win this.
  I don't think they're my choice.
  There could be one stray one, but let's, we can knock a few-  Jimmy Carter?  Out.
  Jimmy Carter, I think was not good is what I, I was looking at a list of like vaguely-  As a president or-  No, as a father.
  Oh, as a father.
  Oh, okay.
  I think he was maybe-  Amy?  Amy, but I think the, and you think of Amy, that was a cute daughter running around the  White House, but I think-  It was an earlier one.
  I think there were sons who he was shitty to.
  You have a lot of, I mean, this is Geppetto too.
  It's the presidents and Geppetto that they're married to their work.
  It's tough to not be, you're married to your work if you're the president, but I think  a lot of these people were established terrible fathers even before the presidency.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure, well, the book, like George W and the Obamas seem like they liked their kids.
  Yes, yeah.
  I think so.
  Yeah, I did not see George W Bush on a list of like the worst fathers.
  I'm not choosing George W Bush, by the way.
  I'm just saying-  No, that's far too strange to do.
  That's intellectually exercise, the intellectual exercise we're doing here.
  It is, if you think about George Bush and George W Bush and then John Adams and John  Quincy Adams, these are some of the only fathers and sons who appear together.
  It's them and then John and the, which one, what's his kid?  Oh, yeah.
  John and James.
  Right, yeah.
  So I was, yes, looking for that too of like father son on stage together.
  And yeah, you got two of them in the hall of presidents.
  Yeah.
  If you're, and this is assuming that the, it's possible that the robots do not carry  the sins of their likenesses.
  Oh, well that's another-  It's almost impossible to parse, I would say.
  Yeah, I can't separate the robot from the man.
  No, I don't think that's possible.
  I think you have to assume that if it's Robobama, that it's Robomalia, it's all the same.
  It has to be one to one, I think.
  Which is a good argument in favor of one of the things I have coming up here.
  Okay, okay.
  I think, maybe it's not, maybe the logic's not good.
  Okay, okay, yeah.
  Let me parse a couple of presidents.
  This is really where you got to knock a lot out.
  Presidential historian wrote a book, did I write down his name?  Oh yeah, there's a book called First Dads by Joshua Kendall and I found an interview  with him talking about the book and he posits that Barack Obama is possibly the only president  of the United States ever to change a diaper.
  Oh, that's, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Do you have math?  That's prob, I could see that being the, yeah.
  Because he's the first of a generation where it wouldn't be considered woman's work.
  Exactly, younger guy.
  I mean, that was such a big part of voting for it.
  You're like, this guy's not 100 years old here.
  Even though George Bush wasn't that old when he was elected, it still felt like he was.
  Yeah, yeah, yes.
  It felt like a different, you're from a different like universe.
  I think the youthfulness maybe ties into the, are the parents, because the older you are,  all these presidents are coming from these eras.
  Most of them grew up in a time where all men were monsters, including them.
  But then you end up with like, I didn't realize that Teddy Roosevelt was younger in the White  House.
  He was like early 40s.
  Oh, right, right, right.
  Isn't that weird?  Yes.
  The dreaming of like, oh maybe God, one day a 68 year old.
  Like what would happen where it's only the oldest, oldest man ever.
  But he was 42 or something, and he was apparently fun.
  He'd like run around and pretend to be a bear and like throw the furniture everywhere and  hide in the attic.
  Is he the one who would just like leave and like they couldn't find him for a couple weeks?  As the president?  I believe so.
  There's somebody like that.
  I think it was him.
  That's cool.
  It's a really fun way to be.
  You're not so married to your work.
  You know, people would say it's the most important work in the world.
  Yeah.
  So, so really like when you're talking generationally, like it's only like a decade or two ago where  behavior of fathers would not shock and disgust.
  You know, I think.
  Well, I think it's some of the appeal of old 45 Donald J.
 Trump that he was on record well  before the presidency on some kind of platform called the Opie and Anthony show.
  He was.
  One of our institutions.
  One of our great institutions.
  Protect our finest institutions.
  Cronkite and Opie.
  Yeah, he years ago was like, like, no, I'm not changing it.
  I wouldn't change.
  He qualified as woman's work taking Tiffany on a walk in a stroller.
  He says like, you know, you think I'm going to be caught.
  I told Marla yelled at me, why don't you take Tiffany out?  You think I'm going to walk in a boat with a carriage?  Central Park?  Not happening.
  Yeah.
  Taking a walk.
  Here's this is here's in case you don't.
  I would say don't.
  I would say don't be.
  Don't be afraid of taking your kid on a walk.
  I'm going to say that's not an embarrassing hyper feminine affair.
  I think that's going to take a hit to my masculinity.
  If somebody sees me with a stroller, they're going to be like, oh my God, I thought, ooh,  I thought he was a real man and all.
  I'm sure Carlson walk with a baby buggy.
  What a loser wiener head.
  Like, what are they going to?  That's the weirdest.
  You know, what?  Also, the idea that changing diapers is woman's work, especially if you go back into like  a traditional view of of gender and that like what the women need to be prim and proper  and beauty and wear lace and and been frilly and flowers and they should get their hands  covered in feces all day every day.
  If I'm next to my shitting baby and she's taking a nap, I need to jostle her awake instead  of doing it myself.
  It's almost as if you're saying there's a contradiction here.
  Maybe it wasn't a pure line of thought for what women should be doing.
  I don't know.
  I don't know enough about it.
  I have to do.
  I don't either.
  I'm just saying.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a very interesting point that Obama is probably the only president.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because I throw Biden back into because our current president saw 100 years old.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He's like I don't know the timeline.
  I think he's I think he goes back before Teddy Roosevelt.
  He's also a different.
  This is a conversation I should be having.
  He also seems like a I mean, I know he seems like a different guy because he's very old  now, but he also seems like he's a different energy in his last 15 years than he did when  he was like in the 80s and 90s.
  I don't know what it is.
  Much like gruff or a lot gruffer.
  Yeah.
  And obviously like he's a bunch of bullshit.
  He passed and all we know.
  We know a lot of that.
  But you just saw some of those hearings.
  Not so good.
  So it was Clarence Thomas.
  Oh yeah.
  Awful shit.
  Yeah.
  Better to get to overlook.
  He almost seems like I could see this version of him changing a diaper once in a while,  but I couldn't see that version of him changing a diaper, if that makes sense.
  Yeah.
  30 years ago, I see that guy yelling and I go, yeah, that guy ain't changing a diaper.
  But this one, grandpop, like I could see him.
  It's interesting.
  I don't see that a lot with like people where I see such a drastic change.
  I would maybe just, because I don't think he's doing it at this age, but I would say  maybe he wouldn't leave the room in disgust.
  I think he might stay in the room while a disgusting diaper is changed.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So he wouldn't leave for the day.
  I was going to stick around for a few more hours, but after that I'm getting out of here.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it's the diapers are not.
  You've got some gross times ahead of you, but once you figure out that that's not crazy,  to the degree that this was built up my entire life, the worst thing that will ever happen  to you is having to change a diaper.
  You saw like Steve Gutenberg holding it up in a trailer for a movie and you're like,  ah, no, what am I in for when this happens?  I'm not ready.
  I'm not like radioactive material.
  I don't care about that at all.
  That is not been a, maybe it would have been 10 years ago, but that is not a concern of  mine.
  No, no.
  I'll touch my child's shit all day long.
  I don't care.
  I'll get my hands in there.
  Then you're in luck.
  Yeah.
  I mean, if you have a dog or a cat, like I'm touching shit every day.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  Gross.
  Like I've touched gross shit.
  Gross, weird dog shit.
  Yeah, that's right.
  But I haven't had a dog since I was a kid.
  So yeah, you're wait, you're like your life is like the weird stuff.
  Like he said, he's in our dog has weird bowels, weird, like orange stuff.
  Sometimes green stuff, trying to figure things out.
  I'm so sorry, but talking about Edwin's shit, but I'm just saying, yeah, that's not changing  diapers.
  Not that I'm not worried about that at all.
  That's weighed on the list of concerns.
  Just those first few days.
  It's right.
  You've told me you've talked about that on the show before.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  That they're like black in color.
  That's a five timer then.
  Yeah.
  You've talked about how the weird shit is.
  How the weird shit is.
  That's the only, it's one of the only sky.
  Well, that one I read about ahead of time and like, Oh, I think I didn't know that.
  I didn't know what a sloppy situation that was.
  I didn't know that either.
  I mean, there's going to be some certain things, but I've that stuck with me.
  It's almost though humor.
  There's, I recall Aaron and I just like, wow, you are kidding.
  This is crazy.
  That's all you could do is laugh at it.
  Sure.
  Well, that's something to look forward to.
  We'll loop the listeners in.
  More you want to know on this.
  Yeah.
  Three.
  I'm trying to, is there, Oh, one more thing about here's a, here's a president to knock  out John Adams.
  John Adams told his son he would either be a president or a failure.
  He said that actually to all three of his sons.
  Wow.
  Became the president, John Quincy Adams, two other sons drank themselves to death.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He's out.
  They can't all be, they can't look as Jeb proved, they can't all be the president.
  Yes.
  They can't all win.
  Though, do I wish he had been in comparison?  Sure.
  Let's all just go back to imagine Jeb.
  Imagine what a shitty do nothing flaccid president he would have been.
  Yeah.
  I mean, the sad thing is a lot of this stuff might've been the same.
  Yeah.
  It would have just been less chaos.
  It would have had the same Supreme court, like, but it would have just been.
  Oh, that's right.
  Oh no.
  Like he might've appointed the same shit heads.
  Bush appointed Roberts who ended up not being as insane.
  Like he's still awful, but.
  Yeah.
  Roberts votes.
  What a world I know.
  We're looking at him.
  You're like, Oh, thank God for John Roberts.
  The voice of sanity in the room.
  So maybe Jeb would have gotten us closer to something like that.
  I don't know.
  So who are we?  I would say maybe Teddy Roosevelt.
  And I would say if you just play like a bear with your kid and then be like Obama and change  a diaper.
  Yeah.
  These are the only presidents.
  Do any of them top John future aware?  John.
  That's tough.
  I mean, I don't know.
  I mean, I guess Obama seems like the best, easily the best one.
  Is he better than John from the carousel of progress?  Who's a better father?  That's well, it's better.
  That's what we're doing here.
  Barack Obama or John from the carousel of progress?  One of the Obama kids interned for Weinstein.
  So I guess it's a strike.
  Oh, is that right?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  That's not his.
  So while they're kind of tied, then both of them put their daughters in precarious situations.
  Uh huh.
  So I don't know.
  Let's come back this guy.
  I have another contender.
  Let's get to your you've been teasing this.
  I think it's time to hear it.
  I don't know.
  You might want to disqualify me for this.
  Okay.
  So I'm going around California adventure in my mind.
  First of all, I want to say some of the things I Googled.
  Do any of the Chuck E.
 Cheese characters have children?  I couldn't find any evidence.
  Well, well, you found one.
  Oh, of course.
  Of course.
  I almost forgot myself.
  Shit.
  You're right.
  I didn't.
  Munch Jr.
  Munch Jr.
  You're right.
  It popped up.
  However, but is it confusing as far as origin is?  It is.
  Yeah.
  Because as when.
  Okay.
  So there used to be in Chuck E.
 Cheese, a tiny purple monster munch that would pop out  of the ground.
  He had a little beanie on and one tooth.
  You would assume from the name Munch Jr.
  It's Munch's kid.
  But in recent mythology.
  Oh, in the videos with the puppets in the recent past.
  First of all, Munch is an alien.
  Did you know that?  I did know that.
  Yeah.
  I didn't know it was an animal.
  I just thought general monster like Cookie Monster or something.
  He's an alien.
  He is an alien.
  So they're from spade.
  They're from planet purple.
  And there's one where a bunch of his siblings appear for Christmas.
  Their version of Christmas, which and they're looking forward to seeing their version of  Santa's Zorpa Zorpa Glorp Dorba.
  So Munch Jr.
  In this video where they're waiting for Zorpa Glorp Dorba, Munch Jr.
 is established as Munch's  brother.
  Wow.
  Very confusing.
  Very confusing.
  But it's alien.
  It's you know, it's another planet.
  So juniors can be brothers there.
  Yeah, juniors can be brothers.
  So is Munch a father?  I guess no.
  I mean, unless we just haven't.
  Yeah.
  So I think it made me I continue to have more respect for the work that they're doing in  recent Chuck E.
 Cheese world from the catchy songs to the expanded mythology of their own  Christmas much like the Star Wars holiday special.
  These videos I used to think, oh, and they make these little puppet videos.
  I think these are not to be ignored.
  I agree.
  Well, rock and roll.
  Look, just go back and watch Rock and Robot, which I've done.
  Oh, yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  Which is fun.
  I don't know.
  We saw a great concert.
  We saw a great concert.
  I'm still thinking about it.
  They're doing good work.
  So what do you want to run?  I'm going to California.
  I'm thinking again.
  I want you to know Donald.
  There's a seed animatronic, but no, Donald's got nephews.
  He doesn't have kids.
  All right.
  Rock a raccoon.
  Is he a father?  I don't believe so.
  I'm going around.
  I'm going around.
  I go, what about Mr.
 Potato Head?  And I go, OK, canon wise and Toy Story, Rickles Potato Head, I don't think, has children.
  But if you look up Mr.
 Potato Head children, you find that in the 1980s, there was a TV  show that I had never heard of called Potato Head Kids.
  Whoa.
  OK, I'm listening.
  1986.
  It was paired with My Little Pony and Friends.
  I don't I've never heard of Potato Head Kids before, but I just saw them.
  It just did me.
  They look like shit.
  Oh, it looks bad.
  I watched the intro.
  They look like the little chicken nuggets from the chicken.
  They absolutely do commercials.
  But what's interesting?  What's interesting?  Well, I guess I'll get to this.
  So yeah, Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Potato Head were on this show.
  And then there were kids.
  There was a whole bunch of different kids.
  Big Chip Puff, who wore a bonnet, Spud, a cowboy hat wearing potato that talks like  a cowboy voiced by Breckenmire in 1986.
  Child Breckenmire.
  That's right.
  Lumpy, a beanie hat wearing potato.
  Lumpy.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Lolly, slick, spike and smarty pants.
  A female potato in a green hair bow, who is the smartest of the potatoes.
  So I you know, this is would you accept these?  Boy, that's confusing.
  I mean, it's not Disney, but it's Hasbro and Disney and Pixar had to do the licensing  with Hasbro.
  Right.
  And I it's not OK.
  I should.
  I can't get a full conclusion that they're actually like Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Potato Head mated  to create them.
  But that's the implication.
  I think you have to go with because there's a lot.
  I think the reason we don't find more kids in animatronic world is because they don't  want to make you think about these characters.
  Yeah, right.
  How would two potatoes get it on?  That's a good question.
  Is it an egg based system where like like Mrs.
 Potato Head lays an egg out of the hatch  in her butt and then Mr.
 Potato Head comes along and he fertilizes it somehow.
  Buries it?  Like, but it's got to be how potatoes are made.
  Well, he sticks.
  OK, look, I got a content warning, but he sticks the penis on like he sticks the arms  on.
  Oh, we haven't thought about this.
  All the parts are in his butt.
  That's OK.
  OK, the parts are in his butt.
  Yeah.
  So I guess really it's like humans do it.
  It's just the parts are in their butt.
  Yes.
  Well, like, look, I don't want to.
  I have I'm going to have to use the word strap on.
  Well, it's what it is.
  Mr.
 Potato Head has to get a strap on.
  But Mr.
 Potato Head, all his limbs are strap on.
  So when you say strap on with potato heads, that's all of the things.
  That's the eyes.
  Oh, yeah.
  You strap on their arms.
  He is a toy and he's into toys.
  Yeah.
  Every part of him is a strap on.
  Every part of the potato heads are strap on.
  Yeah.
  So that's just accurate.
  That's not gross.
  So, yeah, so he has to he that's got to be kept somewhere that the kids can't know about.
  Right.
 But obviously, the kids have their own hatch in his butt.
  The kids have their own hatch and they they know is what they don't  want to ask what secrets are in there.
  Yeah.
 So so I just want to a little more about the show.
  There's a villains on the show or Greece's gang, a group of delinquents who are the main  antagonists.
  Greece, a kid is who is a leader of the gang.
  He is a crush on Puff and tries to marry her,  which is the ultimate villain.
  Daughter.
 Yeah.
  Isn't a very villain.
  And I'll marry the.
  Yeah.
  Because less of that these days.
  So, yeah, probably.
  Well, so probably the potato heads protect.
  Which which one?  Puff.
  Yeah.
 Who is the bonnet wearing potato?  I can't believe we've got another lumpy on our hands.
  Another lump here.
  Two of the parents were considering are brown and they have a lumpy.
  That's right.
  That's pretty weird.
  So, look, I don't know a ton about I watched a little bit.
  Here's what I do know about the show.
  It's on Wikipedia.
  Twenty fourteen.
  I on nine listed it among twelve 1980s cartoons that supposedly did not deserve  remembrance.
  So it's lowest bar of 90s, even the.
  Yeah, we'd never.
  Hey, remember, remember this year, remember Nick.
  You know, nobody wants this to be remembered.
  Nobody remembers this show.
  If you look it up, I'm sure we'll post a picture or two or a clip or something.
  It looks like it looks bad.
  It looks unpleasant because they all look like little turds.
  Yeah, they all look like little chicken nugget turds.
  And one is kind of a little jughead crown.
  Yes, that's true.
  Yeah, and I do like that.
  I like some of the outfits.
  I like the idea.
 There's a cowboy hat,  potato head kid.
  Well, let's also, you know, if we want to be more with the Rickles  potato head, he is kind of a surrogate father, much like many of our presidents  to the green, the little green men.
  That's true.
  They develop.
 It's kind of a, you know,  a forced parental relationship, but he comes to it comes to be very sweet.
  Yes.
 So he saves them.
  They save him.
 Right.
  That relationship is kind of nice.
  Does potato head do anything?  I'm trying to think, does he ever do anything  that fair yes in any of the episodes and any of the movies?  You've seen these more recently than I have.
  He's he's particularly  bad to Woody with faulty evidence.
  He's kind of the quickest to rush to judgment.
 Right.
  But, you know, from everything he knew,  Woody did try to kill Buzz right in that moment.
  So it's not the Ben.
 That's not children.
  I think he's pretty respectful of the feels a little.
  I don't know.
 I'm worried it's a little Trumpy with the like  they hug him and he kind of recoils.
  But by three, they save his life.
  And yeah, I'm forever grateful.
  It does.
 It's a little sweet.
  I think he is looking out for him.
  Well, I think the potato head from the potato kids  is a different version of potato head.
  But if I think if we're talking together with Hasbro licensing.
 Yeah.
  Could be.
 I don't know if he steers him away from the grease gang  and he's nice to the aliens.
  Mr.
 Potato Head's definitely in the running.
  He's in the running.
 Yeah.
  And he's look, he lets out he lets his kids have their own identity.
  One has a bonnet, one is a cowboy hat.
  And that's good.
  That's you have to get let kids like stretch out and and and figure out  what they want to go on.
  They get in this wagon with a face.
  They're out, you know, exploring the world.
  He's not, you know, forcing him to stay in their rooms.
 Right.
  So there's that's a strike in our good thing.
  That's not a strike against them.
 That's a strike in the favor.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm going to I'm going to run through two really quick.
  And then I think, you know, I think it's really your call to make  what kind of father you want to be, what kind of role model  the God, Godfather bought that you want to put in your your kid's life.
  So there's the kid in Country Bearer, Jim Brea.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 And I was is one of them, the dad.
  And in fact, that is the case.
  Zeb Zuber.
 Zeb Zuber is if we're if we're including Country Bearer  is the movie.
 Yeah.
  As part of the mythology.
  And Jason is not here.
  So we most certainly are Country Bearer's 2002 is in.
  Yeah.
 Zeb Zuber.
  He takes his son on the road.
  That's good.
 Right.
  But then maybe you get exposed to bad stuff on the road.
  He is addicted to honey.
  Yeah.
 In the film.
  So he's not keeping himself in order.
  Yeah.
 And the kid seems a little quiet and uncomfortable.
  But like, that's the way that's the vibe on stage.
  Yeah.
 Like, that's a real strike against.
  That's maybe a stage dad, like a forced performer.
  Yeah.
 And that and because there's a robot, that kid's going to be there  forever forever.
  It has been there for decades.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Well, I guess I'm going to have to go.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Well, out.
  Maybe I guess he's out.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Zeb Zuber is not your.
  Sorry, Zuber.
  King Triton.
  It you know.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  Right.
 King Triton gives her the freedom she needs at the end.
  And he's ripped.
  He is body and great shape.
  Oh, yeah.
 That maybe you want to you just want to look at him as a  not even just as a role.
  Maybe you just want to look at him.
  Maybe I could overlook everything else just because he's like he looks like a wrestler.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Superhero.
  Mm hmm.
 Mm hmm.
  He's so angry at the beginning, but we don't really see that in the ride.
  Yeah.
 We just see him waving in the ride.
  Yeah, it's hard because like his arc in the ride and I guess the arc on the move.
  Same thing in the movie.
  So I guess, yeah, he gets he becomes understanding at the end.
  That being said, he's a king and he's certainly like committed atrocities.
  People have carried out atrocities in the underwater kingdom in his name.
  I hadn't thought there's no way there's no way he hasn't.
  Yeah, very rarely are like there's a good king.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's sadly talked through all these presidents and we know if they're bad  and the king's are bad.
  I mean, King is worse and president King.
  Sea King.
 Yeah.
  Well, who knows what other sea kings he's crushed under his fin.
  God, or Sebastian's like preparing for concerts and just ignoring like the.
  Yeah.
  Reams, the political prisoners.
  And what did King try and do to get there?  Oh, you know.
  Maybe he just well, I don't know.
  The daughters are just like their daughters.
  So they get to they've been shield.
  I mean, I guess you could make the argument they've been shielded from  his his monstrosity or his his monstrous behavior.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hopefully.
  So yeah.
 So, I don't know.
  Yeah.
 Personal life, you have to take into account with him.
  I'm going to throw one more out.
  And this is one you've probably forgotten about and one that I kind of forgot about.
  But this was a pleasant find a little while back when we talked about Sally Dark  rides.
 There was this there's this ride that's in Sweden  that is just about family pleasantness and hijinks.
  Oh, man.
 On a little vacation.
  The ride is called Vipass Salt Kraken.
  I did forget about it.
 You're right.
  It's this gentle, extremely blonde family.
  And I didn't know the family relationships.
  I didn't know who was a grandpa or who was a mom or whatever.
  Here's what I came to find out.
  It is a father in that ride.
  The father's name is Milker Milkerson.
  And he is he's a widower.
  So he's raising four kids solo.
  Right.
 Still finding the time to take them on trips that they'll never forget.
  Right.
 A trip that apparently the tales of which move all of the Swedish people.
  Right.
 Many decades.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 He's an author.
  So he's keeping creative and that's something you need to do.
  You want you need to keep your it's better for the whole family if you're keeping your creative life alive,  but still taking these nice trips, going to see Crow Island, installing water flumes,  getting in mischief with bees.
  He does all that to help his family, to protect his family.
  And it seems like they only say kind things about him.
  Was the crow's name Jumping Jack?  God, I don't remember that.
 I believe it was.
  That seems right.
 If you're called him Jumping Jack.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 OK.
  And other kids are in the mix, like other neighbor kids are over and he's dealing with them, too.
  And he's he gets a little stressed.
  He's not unflappable.
 He gets flapped.
  He gets stressed.
 It's like he does.
  But that's you know, you get flapped, but you but you manage.
  I think that's how I think that's how your parents and go to a tall man like Milker  Melkerson.
 His name is Melker.
  Melker Melkerson.
 Great name.
  OK, so let me think here.
  John from the future.
  President Barack Obama.
 Yeah.
  Or Melker Melkerson.
  That's sort of what I've narrowed it down here.
  Yeah, we aren't missing any was no much is out.
  But he's in there after all that.
  No, Mr.
  Yeah, he's out.
 OK.
  He's just a little too caustic.
  Mm hmm.
 Sure.
 The kids are not going to.
  It's too much as a vibe.
 Yeah.
  You got to turn it off.
 Yeah.
  I think you got the three.
 Yes.
  So it's who's the best dad in the trial.
  Barack Obama, John Melker, Melkerson, Barack Obama, Melker, Melkerson.
  So John is future and I like I like that he's a simple guy in the future.
  He seems to have learned not to expose his daughter to  the audience, which is nice.
  Don't don't show her fully clothed to a bunch of strangers.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 But he's still a little sort of I don't know.
  He's he's distracted.
  And can I fully forgive the sins of the past?  I don't know.
 Barack Obama.
  You know, he's he's president.
  That's a busy you got to be busy, you know.
  I think he particularly of presidents is like, I'm  I'm done at this hour.
  And I'm going to be with my kids now.
  Maybe did all of us suffer due to two more hours a day, you're saying?  He maybe with those hours, he might have, I don't know,  codified a couple of things.
  Well, that's gotten some stuff done.
  He had to go to a play or something, a recital.
  He was going to codify  but going with Harvey.
  Still Senate president.
  Just, you know, it's a lot going on.
  There's it's not as chilled out.
  It's not as chilled out as a life as you might want.
  It's really what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
 And it's hard not when you think about the serenity of of  what is a Vipa, Vipa, Salt Crack and Seacrow Island, Seacrow Island  with with all its antics and its gentle calm.
  You know, it's hard to not say you want Melker  Melkerson to be the role model because, yeah, he screws up.
  But this that the life he sort of provided  feels like it's it's utopia in a way.
  I think so.
  It seems like also like the riot is it's, you know, we found this nice house.
  Oh, but there's a leak in it.
  But you know what? We can we laugh at when there was a leak in the house  and we fix the leak.
  Melker fixes the leak.
 Right.
  And then that's that's a memory and it makes us strong.
  Nice memory.
 Right.
  So I guess no doubt.
  I think there's no doubt that the answer to the question  of who the best dad of metronic is, one that I would want to be my  God robot or God.
  Father, God, Father, God, Father, God, is the character from the ride.
  Vipa Salt Crack and based on and I forget the woman.
  What's the woman's name? Astrid Lindgren, Astrid Lindgren, of course,  Swedish author who, of course, created the character Carlson on the roof.
  As well.
 Oh, that's right.
  That part and Pippi Longstocking.
 Yeah.
  But yes, her character, Melker, Melkerson is the winner.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Of the data metronic.
  That's what OK.
  So you know, you have a guiding light.
  We know that you're going to be like Melker, Melkerson.
  Yeah.
 As a father, I'm going to be like Melker, Melkerson.
  I think it's perfect.
  Honestly, I guess we could have brought into this mix like a Fred  von Stone, who's a father.
  And but you know what? He would have been out.
  Melkerson.
 Yeah, Mel.
  It's still not.
 Yeah.
  Melker would have won every one beaten them all.
  Yeah, I think he and you know what?  He internalizes his he doesn't yell at his family.
  Yeah.
 A bunch of bees are stinging him.
  He just goes, ah, he doesn't take it out on him.
  It's fun.
 Yeah.
  Because I'm sure people will be like, well, you didn't say,  oh, I guess Homer Simpson's not an animatronic.
  So it would have been out anyway.
 Yeah.
  But still strangles his son, strangles his son.
  Toss him out just for that.
  He's no Melkerson.
  I hope that there's not a very dark episode of V.
  Posse.
 I was thinking about that, like in the first book or something.
  And he yeah, he like beats someone up in front of the kids or slaps  one of the kids.
 Like, hopefully that's not the case.
  Kills a bunch of secrets to teach them a lesson.
  It's far as we know, because we saw the ride.
  We watched the ride.
  Well, right.
 Only going off of the ride.
  Yeah.
 It's the calmest.
  I think a little reflection of what family life could and should be.
  Yeah.
 So as far as we know,  Melker Melkerson wins.
 Great.
  Some people knew this all time.
 This was going to happen.
  Not me.
 They are these guys.
  They don't even they don't even know how Bear Call Solons.
  They don't know how nice the Jason's going to recover.
 Great.
  And that Melker is obviously going to these soothsayers in the audience.
  Yeah, they know they were ahead of us.
  And well, congrats to Melker.
 Congrats, Melker.
  And I hope I wish for you a family life that is  as as mellow and content as life on Seacral Island.
  If if somebody just subscribed to this Patreon and heard this episode first,  they're really going to be confused if they haven't gone back  and listen to the Sally Dark Rides episode.
  You do need that one and go back and listen.
  Some of the other episodes have a third host.
  His name is Jason and he's very pleasant and funny.
  If you just went into this, decided I'm going to start  listening to this podcast,  but I'm going to subscribe to the Patreon first and start with this episode.
  That is the case.
 Yeah, there's a third guy,  the third dude who's on the show.
  Yeah, I know.
 Yeah, check.
  Check him out.
  Character from the prequels to this episode, that being hundreds of prior episodes.
  Yeah, consider them prequels to this data metronix.
  But this episode has come to a close.
  You survived podcast, the ride, the second gate.
  And if you want to dig even deeper, join us on the new Patreon tier club three,  where you get one more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes  from the main feed ad free.
  And hey, best of luck to future Mike.
  Thank you.
 Yeah, good luck.
 Future Mike,  future makes a different.
  He's a different guy.
  I'm a different guy now.
 He'll be different.
  A lot of different time on Spider-Man like John Multiverse.
  It'll be like John.
  I'll be like John and Horizons in a couple of weeks.
 Where?