 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains exclusive hospital merch.
  Shasta Cola, a baby that is not Aladar, and a long queue to have a meet and greet with  my first born child.
  Today, I officially become a Disney daddy on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, where today I, Mike Carlson, am very excited to announce  a major addition to my home.
  I'm of course talking about a fridge pack of mini cans of the new Coca-Cola flavored Dream  World.
  I'm very excited.
  It's a delicious new flavor.
  Joining me as always Scott Gardner.
  God, it's beautiful.
  You just look at that and you realize how precious life can be.
  Oh boy, that's a miracle, the can that you're putting up to the Zoom window.
  I agree.
  Jason Sheridan is also here.
  Yeah, and hey, we've all got big news.
  Yes, that is me in a Hulu commercial.
  Thank you all for catching it.
  Could not wait.
  I got to slide it in before we get into the baby.
  Okay, I only got a brief window.
  I got to get the ad out.
  Probably the only thing really going on for any of us.
  Well, hey, past guest, Johnny Gargano returned to WWE and that's, you know, basically been  this summer.
  That's it.
  That's all we've got.
  That's it.
  No, I, Lindsay K-Tie and I had a baby.
  She had the baby, but we have it together.
  It's ours.
  Wow.
  Past guest, Lindsay K-Tie.
  Multiple, yeah.
  Is she a five timers club?  I forget how many times she's been on, but a lot.
  It's close, yeah.
  Yes, the audience, that makes this special, right?  The audience knows her very well and they know you very well.
  Yes.
  And now, and the two, if they are, if the audience is a fan of your work separately  or together, then they'll, I'm sure they'll be a fan of the ultimate combined work.
  Your latest.
  That is the name.
  Age child.
  Your latest collaboration.
  That, and greatest, yeah.
  Our generation calls babies collabs.
  Yeah.
  K-Tie X Carlson.
  Yes.
  Is, yeah.
  A surprise drop, an out of nowhere, not for you guys, but for, you know, you dropped it  in surprise Beyonce style.
  It was a surprise.
  I, Lindsay, for a while was saying she, cause she has a podcast called Teen Creeps where  they talk about her and her co-host talk about YA horror.
  She said, Oh, I'm going to probably talk about being pregnant.
  And then she just ended up not doing it.
  So then it ended up just like sort of, we ended up doing it Gairdner style.
  Yeah, that was full surprise.
  Yeah.
  Full surprise, which I like that.
  It's always fun to find a surprise, but then she posted it on social media like a week  or two ago.
  So this isn't going to be a full surprise, but people are obviously going to come here  to get some of the full details and hear, hear a little bit about the process, you know,  a little bit behind the scenes.
  And a review of the experience, you know?  That's right.
  That's what you do is you review experiences and you, you really had one and you're, and  you're in the middle of it.
  You're, you've launched a perpetual one delivery.
  How does delivery compare to like a day at California adventure?  Well it took, okay, here's the thing.
  Delivering a baby is a lot like guardians of the galaxy mission breakout because there's  so many different ways it can go.
  There's so many different options for delivery.
  Some I've heard sometimes it goes pretty smoothly.
  There's a song, you know, it's just, you're playing a pot.
  It's like a pop song and then it's over, but sometimes it's like monsters after dark and  it's a little scarier.
  Sometimes delivery is very scary.
  It sounds like you had a monsters after dark.
  Yes.
  It was a little bit more of a late night frightening.
  Yeah.
  I think Lindsay and I, whenever Lindsay is back on here, I think we're going to tell  the story together eventually, which will be fun.
  Just because we both have, we both agree on all the points.
  It's just fun to hear the perspectives, but needless to say, we were there for a long  time.
  Everything is fine.
  So I'm not trying to be like, Oh, what was us?  But I would describe part of the day as harrowing.
  I would describe it as very, very stressful.
  And you guys, you've both discussed your ability to deal with frightening fake situations.
  Yes, that's true.
  Lindsay's, what is, what was Lindsay's thing with that?  She has to say, I love you on scary rides in case the ride collapses.
  Yeah.
  If there's a ride she's scared about, she'll like turn to me before and go, I love you.
  And she'll say it really like seriously.
  And I'll be like, stop.
  You're going to will it to happen.
  Yeah, right.
  Exactly.
  Well, you know what the good thing, the good thing about delivery was she was in too much  pain to even consider any of that.
  Oh, great.
  Oh, good.
  Yeah.
  So, so every baby fine, like the what's funny is, is having a baby for some reason, I don't  know if you went through this, but everyone discusses the baby as babe.
  They say baby when they're talking about the baby, they drop that the, so they'll say,  they'll say stuff like, Oh, you know, here, like they're showing you in the, and I swear  they'll say, this is baby seat.
  They'll say, I swear one person said seat while we were looking at a medical professional  said one person, not a mostly was like, oh, there's the bottom or the butt or something  was not hospital wide, but not hospital seat was deployed.
  But yeah, but maybe, but maybe they're a listener.
  Maybe that was a way of.
  Yeah.
  It was a little sly way of saying, I'm a, I'm a Clifford.
  I didn't say, but it's possible.
  It's an honor to deliver a good boy baby.
  Yes.
  Well, that would be the ultimate Patriot on tier truly to get, to get in the, to  deliver my child.
  Uh, so, but anyway, baby is universal.
  I don't know if you discover this.
  Do you remember this?  Like it would not be like, okay, baby is doing well.
  Oh, there's baby's heartbeat.
  Baby is doing this.
  Weren't you using this terminology already?  Wasn't this your phrase, your phrase to us who were in on the pregnancy, were not  surprised by all that.
  I, we started using it because we noticed the doctors all did it.
  We noticed the nurses and the doctors would say baby instead of the baby.
  Yeah.
  So during delivery, every was the same deal.
  It was always baby.
  And then luckily like as much as it was kind of a tough delivery, it was always  like, oh, baby's doing well, babe.
  Don't worry.
  Baby's fine.
  Baby is well, baby is, you know what they kept saying, and this is multiple  nurses, oh, baby is happy.
  They kept saying baby is happy, which I guess just means that the heartbeat is  happening because I honestly like there was no camera in there to see a big smile,  a joker smile from the child.
  So that phrase also said by Jason when he's in a particular Disney  world rocking chairs.
  Yeah, baby, baby is happy.
  Baby is happy.
  Yeah.
  So, uh, where are you going?  You were saying something?  Oh, well, I was, I was going to say, um, it, uh, it kind of all happened as  you said, it all happened very quickly.
  Um, and I, you know, we were really, um, kind of recording a lot this  summer to get ahead of it.
  You know, we were doing like sometimes three episodes a week, just to stock  stuff up and, um, feel bad for us audience.
  Pity us.
  Whoa.
  Just trying to provide some context, but the day it, uh, happened, uh, was also  around that time when I tested negative for COVID, we had some, like a few things  that some are where we had to like shift recordings around or cancel recordings  and stuff, including me getting the novel Corona virus.
  And, um, in the, uh, uh, uh, Scott and I were emailing about getting, you know,  just some workflow stuff, uh, or texting about, you know, getting some stuff done  for the mission space episode.
  And he said he was, um, doing, uh, he, he was cutting it together at the time.
  Uh, as you had sent a frantic, very detailed email that just said, uh,  here's how all this works.
  Uh, Lindsay's water just broke.
  Uh, so that was missed it at the beginning.
  It was lots of, it was a big, long explanation of how to make an episode.
  And then, but at the, I was missed the top, but I, it, the middle of the night  timestamp was like, oh, that's gotta be it.
  That's gotta be what.
  Yeah.
  We had, we had, we have all the, like these episodes ready.
  And I, everything was, everything had been basically set up to like almost  be perfectly ready to go, except from the mission space episode, which I  remember thinking the night before.
  Cause this, okay, this is another thing.
  And this is every, all the doctors say, we've talked about this.
  It doesn't happen with the water breaking.
  It's not a Dick Van Dyke episode.
  We're like, oh my God, the water broke.
  We got to get to the hospital.
  Everyone I know has had the water break.
  Almost maybe I'm the prop, maybe like whatever I was told in this class, like  the water breaking doesn't happen.
  It's now it's happened to everybody.
  You know, and me, you were told a similar thing where like, here's what happens.
  You started starting to get contractions.
  You start to feel them.
  They get a little more.
  You it's going to be hours before you actually go to the hospital.
  And then at a certain point, the water breaks during that process.
  No false.
  So, so whenever it was Tuesday night, when I was going to bed, I was like,  should I do mission space tonight or should I do it in the morning?  Lindsay doesn't have any sign of contractions, no sign whatsoever.
  The due date isn't a couple of days, but like, I'm sure tomorrow morning, if what  they said is true, you know, we have hours or whatever, I'll just do it in the morning.
  So we went to bed, sleep for three hours, 2am.
  Uh, my water broke.
  Oh, oh, I'm so tired.
  Oh no.
  And if I immediately, I'm like, mission space.
  Oh no.
  You had to think about missions, but you had to think about the, your least  favorite ride in the middle of what it was.
  It's a curse.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  Yeah.
  So I threw, so I'm like, Oh no.
  So like we're getting, I have like my go bag and then I was like, Oh, I  need to bring my computer.
  Oh shit.
  Oh no.
  So I like grab my computer.
  I put it in the bag and my, all right, whatever, whatever.
  So, you know, it's all like kind of panic calling people.
  Oh, somebody's got to take care of the dog.
  You know, you got to get it all together.
  So yeah, we headed down, um, to the hospital and, uh, in so, so yeah, so  like they're checking her out and like at a certain point in the lull in the  checking out, I go, I gotta, I gotta get on the computer real quick.
  Oh no.
  It wasn't like a panic.
  It was a lull in activities.
  It wasn't like the baby's a lot of down.
  Yeah.
  That wasn't like for you, not for Lindsay, but for you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The baby's like a crowning and I'm doing a intro narration.
  What's like a funny, uh, how do we reference like Buzz Aldrin in the.
  Yeah.
  Let's, let's, let's mention him.
  Uh, yeah.
  In one 15 minutes span, I found out, um, Lindsay's water broke infinity train  was getting yanked from HBO max and sunny eclipse voice actor, uh, Cal  David had died and died and I think I Dexter Scott.
  Well, no one don't tell them these other things I just learned.
  I did.
  I ended up telling her Lindsay like a day or two I told broke the news to her.
  I thought she had seen it, but she hadn't.
  And then I was like, Oh yeah, I was thinking, I was like, Oh,  I'm glad she was busy.
  Yeah.
  Uh, and unfortunately this, I mean, this has been joyous up to this point, but  your baby has been offered up as a sacrifice to discovery CEO, David Zaslav  Zaslav Zaslav.
  Yeah.
  So because Lindsay was, was on the Warner payroll at one point in time, she  does owe her first born.
  Um, so, uh, I hope it was, so it was fun hearing about the baby, but, uh,  that's it.
  Zaslav's now.
  Well, Zaslav wins.
  He always does.
  Uh, uh, so yeah, so, so we, she cursed Zaslav in the hospital bed.
  Yeah.
  Sarah's law that's during the pushing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just put all of your rate, all of the anger and how you feel, put it into one  name that gave her the juice.
  Yeah.
  Release the baby.
  Unlike all of those projects that won't be released.
  Um, I, I do have to say the funniest show tie in with this is how you told the  two of us, so you guys were having a baby.
  Oh yeah.
  Do you remember?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, of course.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So yeah, tell it.
  I will tell it from my perspective.
  Uh, so we were, uh, in Hollywood, uh, 10 AM on a, I think Friday morning because  we were going to eat at, uh, the breakfast club, the, the influencer  cafe owned by planet Hollywood founder, Robert Earl's son, Robbie.
  We've finished Celeb Rewary and we're like, well, we are close to one of the  restaurants we talked about the breakfast club.
  Let's go enjoy an influencer cafe.
  Little Robbie.
  Um, and yeah, the, the, the outdoor seating was basically like a pen.
  There was like three tables and whatever.
  Yelps were like a celebrity fashion, like, Oh, and a bit spacious patio.
  Come enjoy our, Oh, our sprawling patio.
  And then I think they just weren't running it.
  So yes, it was a,  Right.
  Age.
  Yeah.
  It was all as it was only indoors otherwise.
  So I was like, yeah, do we do it or not?  We're trying and I had not gotten the novel coronavirus yet.
  So I was like, you know, we're trying not to get it by eating inside and I don't  really want to get it at Robbie Earl's.
  Robbie Earl's club.
  A restaurant that we, that came up on the show because it was bad and expensive.
  Yeah.
  Or so we had heard.
  We don't know.
  We didn't get to experience the breakfast club because we were discussing, do we  go indoors or out and then we were doing the math of like, Oh, should we eat  inside?  Should we not?  And Mike's like, ah, come here, come here.
  I need to talk to you guys.
  And I was like, Oh, I know exactly what this is.
  I don't think he said it that creepy.
  I don't think he said it like a, like a trench coat, like a Hollywood  Boulevard weed dealer.
  He definitely waved us over like, uh, let's talk for a second.
  You know,  Uh, it was like a, yeah, yeah.
  So, and you, Jason, you said you knew exactly where I was headed with this.
  I had a feeling.
  Did you have a feeling, Scott, that we were having a baby?  Um, I don't think, I don't think I had gotten the proof of that yet.
  No.
  So yeah, I think it was a surprise to me.
  Okay.
  I, I had a feeling and you told us and you guys, at least you had talked about it  enough in the, the preceding years that I, I, I did not have to do the usual math  of, uh, when someone in their thirties or late twenties, uh, says we're pregnant  and you have to go like, congratulations and, or, uh, I'm so sorry.
  What are you going to do?  You know?  So, uh, Jason, this is the darkest thing.
  You never say I'm sorry.
  What are you talking about?  Well, no, no, you don't.
  Sorry.
  The mental math of like, uh, what doesn't help the mental met what scenario you've  had to tell people you're sorry.
  No, I haven't.
  No, I haven't said I'm sorry, but like, if people are not expecting it  and we're prepared for it, you know, I wouldn't tell you if that was the case.
  They wouldn't be in a position to say I'm sorry, Jason, keep names out of it.
  When was the last time someone told you they were pregnant?  And then in the, in your mind, you went, Oh shit for them.
  I'm trying to think about that.
  I, I don't recall anything.
  Any recently because we're all getting older now, but I feel like I've heard,  I've heard stories after the fact.
  You were all, if you were in your late twenties, you might have to do some math  and say, I'm so sorry.
  Well, you know, I'm just saying, you know, sometimes people don't expect it.
  And don't, you know, it's not on their to-do list.
  It's not always on people's to-do list.
  That is true.
  And obviously not everybody would be a great parent.
  I just think it's funny that you were like, Oh good.
  This is, this is one of those situations where someone told me they were pregnant.
  And I didn't have to say, Oh my God, so sorry for you.
  I think we're like thinking like, you know, you didn't have to do that with us.
  You didn't have to, when we told you at Epcot, you were like, um, is this a sorry?  Well, you guys were pretty joyous.
  You weren't like, Hey, we got to get out of the line for the Moroccan restaurant.
  You know, uh, we have to tell you something.
  My more dire because I said, guys, we can't have breakfast at Robbie Earl's.
  Come here.
  Come here.
  Come here.
  Come here.
  Callista.
  Come here.
  And if you get, if you say congratulations instead of sorry, this podcast is  fucking over.
  Oh man.
  Yeah.
  So, so I, I, yes, I was, I was going to say something anyway, but I was obviously  going to say something soon anyway, but that was the, that was the grand reveal,  which was very, it felt perfect.
  Honestly.
  Felt the place.
  Yeah.
  A dumb, but a really stupid place.
  Yes.
  The outside of a restaurant we were going to because it was bad.
  Um, I assume, I assume we have to assume.
  So, no, we'll go ahead.
  I was just going to say like that.
  So, so yeah, review.
  I'm a theme.
  I'm an entertainment.
  I'm a theme park journalist.
  I talk about my, I do.
  I'm an opinion guy too.
  I'm a columnist type person.
  I don't write columns, but I write verbal columns about what things that I like.
  Um, so I would like to, I write them with my talking and my tongue.
  And that's how it works.
  Um, so I do want to say there is a character that appeared and I guess it's not weird  to say we, we gave birth at the Kaiser on Sunset Boulevard.
  Then no one's going to, we're not going to be there.
  So we got to walk it.
  Let's do the PCR hospital tour.
  Let's see where Walt died and where Mike and Lindsay has a baby.
  Now it's not going to be, I didn't get great video of it because, uh, uh, Lindsay  was inside and I was trying to figure out where to park the car and they told me the  parking garage was open and it was not.
  And initially they told us there was a valet that was going to take the car, but  apparently the valet is not there at 3 a.
m.
  Apparently all that goes out the window and they don't say exactly what to do.
  And then the person at the desk, you go, Hey, uh, where am I parking the car?  And they go, uh, just park it out.
  One of those spaces in front.
  And I go, there's no spaces there.
  And they go, uh, but like on the side of the curb, I go, well, there's no spaces  on the side of the curb and they go, uh, well, uh, I go, can I park it in the zone?  That looks like it's a hospital loading zone.
  And they're like, um, yeah, just, could you come back at 6 a.
m.
  and move it?  And I'm like, what, what is going on here?  All right.
  The Wendy's is usually cool down the street.
  Usually.
  Yeah.
  Usually.
  Well, that's what I was thinking.
  I go, am I going to park in front of the fucking Wendy's?  Like what?  I'm going to go down Vermont and park in front of the Wendy's or the top of the  former UCB.
  Yeah.
  And you can see the sunset park in my old apartment building.
  That's two blocks from the hospital.
  Um, so, so, but I still, as a theme park journalist was able to get a video.
  Of the thing that I'm talking about.
  And let me just, I should have cued this up a little bit better, but here we go.
  There is a character and I don't know what the name of this is.
  And I got to look into it more, but there is a robot that patrols this hospital.
  And whoa.
  Whoa.
  What a way.
  Oh my God.
  And can you see here?  It is like a, it's a weird egg.
  It is so scary.
  Whoa.
  You can hear how my voice I'm tired and I'm sounding like Harrison Ford.
  I'll replay that again for everyone.
  Weird robot.
  That's the security.
  And it says security on it.
  And I don't know what it does.
  I don't think it has a gun on it, hopefully.
  Um, but there's a character, like it's a, it's a original character, I think.
  And I got a better video of it here.
  Um, and I should have, you know, let Lindsay sit in their hospital longer.
  So I could get better video.
  You see it in the distance here.
  Whoa.
  And you hear that noise.
  It's a, it's a light up egg.
  It's an egg with like, yeah.
  Okay.
  Can you hear that noise though?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  It's like space mountain ambience.
  Yes.
  I mean, this thing is creepy as shit, but also awesome.
  Whoa.
  It's a security robot.
  I don't know if it like, what's it going to do?  What does this, when this thing's deployed, what does that look like?  I don't know.
  We'll post the post these videos, but I don't, does it have missiles or something  in it?  Like it looks, it should, does it have a, like a cattle prod or a taser in it?  I don't know.
  It's sort of, it's shaped kind of bullet like, and it's size.
  It's hard to imagine what it could do other than like, if it tipped on its side  and then kind of rammed you in the stomach and knocked you over.
  But if it, maybe if it, imagine it had the ability to shrink itself and then  like, uh, shoot up your butt.
  It's a big, like, it's like, it's a giant probe.
  It's a big suppository.
  It's like a giant suppository.
  Yeah, that's true.
  You weren't at all concerned that this thing had been sent back in time to kill  your child before it could leave.
  Oh.
  A human resistance.
  I was not that concerned.
  I would assume that the robot would be a little more advanced if it came from the  future, because this thing was pretty slow.
  Although I guess I didn't see it in like A mode.
  This could have been B mode.
  This could have been.
  It's an Elon Musk future.
  It's an Elon Musk Terminator.
  So it's not, he promised like fully articulated real human and then they just  ended up with a, with a butt plug.
  Yeah.
  It looks like Andy Kaufman and heart beeps or something.
  It went back to kill the John Connor of this time, but all it did was kind of like,  uh, give it a black eye and then it like broke, started making smoke, spun around  and, uh, fully exploded.
  Elon Musk Terminator.
  Very good idea for a sketch, Scott.
  You should do that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Very good.
  Um, yeah.
  So, so I was thrilled to see this.
  This thing only apparently comes out at night too.
  So great.
  Cool.
  I got, we got to look into more of that security robot and see if like that's a  common deterrent of some kind.
  I don't know.
  It works third shift security.
  And then in the day it delivers breakfast and lunch for Uber eats.
  Yeah.
  The robot has a couple of different jobs.
  At that speed, you have to, as long as you order seven hours in advance.
  Yeah.
  It's  Wow.
  So there's, wait, there's robot, you there's this is incredible.
  There's a parking lot convolutedness.
  So PTR staple.
  Yes, exactly.
  There's a robot running.
  There's like an Epcot style communicor type robot rolling around.
  You, you managed that there's theme parkiness in your delivery story.
  Yes.
  There for sure is, is, and there's a little more, I mean, there's  there's a little more like when you leave the, leave the area where you gave birth,  they hit a button and like rockabye baby plays.
  There's like a little like lullaby song that plays there as well.
  Is that like what announces that a baby has been born?  We had that.
  Yeah.
  Here's a little like, let's let the hospital know you're letting God, it's  like a signal to God, let him know that that another one has entered the world.
  Well, I'm sorry.
  It wasn't when you wish upon a star.
  I got, we should have requested it because like they have that birth plan and you can  do, I think we should have been a little more bold in what the birth plan was.
  Cause I think you could make some very special requests in there, but we were  not, we did not act, we were not fussy.
  Um, when the exact second of birth, can we hit the beginning of jaded?  The rockabye jaded.
  We're not insane.
  The rockabye.
  Yes.
  Um, um, so yeah, so, so we were there like 2 AM to, we got there like 3 AM and we,  the baby was delivered at about 10 PM, which people have been in labor and longer.
  I understand that, but it's still a long time.
  That's a big one.
  That's a big one.
  It was a long time and a long time.
  That's longer than a rope drop.
  Just contextualizing it.
  Thank you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They know now they know what that is lengthwise.
  Um, so, so yeah, we'll, we'll tell again, we'll tell the full story.
  It involves, um, multiple, uh, pain relief attempts, not working.
  Uh, it involves like a special equipment needing to be like, uh, repurposed to,  in, to, uh, allow Lindsay to give herself pain medicine that first didn't work.
  Uh, it involves, you know, a nurse coming into monitor her oxygen at this point.
  Um, it's a wild story.
  I get up and I give like a kind of a 12 angry men's speech or like a video,  like a kind of a cinematic speech, I guess is really all I mean by that.
  Something like where I'm like, look, we got to do this and that, or this  isn't gonna blame, you know, like get the doctor in here right now because we got  a, so I'm just imagining that this child is the all spark and we have to do  everything we can to protect it.
  Now, are you with me or are you, are you with the evil decepticons?  I am evac, I guess in this situation.
  And that was my, imagine that I'm Eva.
  And then the, and then the doctors are like, oh, we get it now.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  The diner.
  Enough.
  You put it in terms.
  We understand enough running.
  I said, whatever, enough running.
  Yeah.
  Enough running.
  Uh, so, so yeah, when Lizzy's on, we'll, we'll tell that full story.
  Um, and then, yeah.
  And then you, then you get like, you know, they do that.
  You get a souvenir.
  You get the baby's footprints, you know, on a little card, um, which is a fun  take home, uh, they lost ours.
  Uh, they lost our baby's footprints, which is nice.
  And then Mike, Mike, I've got great news.
  I think you can make that at home.
  I'm not getting the baby's feet dirty cause I got to clean it up then.
  Yeah, that's true.
  That's the asshole.
  Uh, but, but, uh, so a couple, uh, like a couple of days ago, we got in the mail.
  Baby's footprints and you look, you look over on the back and it's,  it was the wrong baby.
  They sent us the wrong baby footprints, uh, or at least his name, the baby, I  don't know, named the baby wrong.
  Uh, uh, so was it a, but you had a name, like, was it the wrong gender?  Yeah.
  Well, uh, little Eric, we love you.
  Uh, it was, yeah.
  So, so yeah, we got that.
  And then, yeah, so we were in the delivery room and the  delivery room is pretty spacious.
  You know, a lot of people come in there, obviously a lot of nurses and doctors.
  And there's kind of a couch that pulls out.
  And I, for some foolish reason, thought we were, that's where we were, we're  going, we were doing it in here, like as far as like sleeping and that was going  to be it, they move you obviously, which of course they do.
  Oh, right.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  So, but, but I was like, okay, so, you know, well, I'll say this first.
  Um, and this is, uh, the exp here, what I'll say, I'm not, I'm not, I don't  think I'm going to turn into one of those guys who's like, you gotta have kids.
  You know what you gotta do it or whatever.
  Cause I don't believe everybody should necessarily have kids.
  Um, but the experience, if we're talking about experiential things, uh, having  your child dumped on your partner or your wife, that that's the craziest  moment of my life.
  That's the most insane thing.
  I almost like was thinking like later, like everyone should get to do this though.
  Like if there was a way everybody could at least do this and then not after, like  this experience is maybe the craziest.
  You're so exhausted by everything too.
  So it's almost like you started a, such a low level of serotonin and then all  of a sudden you're not prepared for it.
  I don't think unless you had kids before, but it's the craziest experience.
  And I mean that in like a good way of like all of a sudden, like a per like a  person you couldn't conceive of is just dumped because we did the thing where  they like throw the baby on Lindsey.
  Did you guys do that?  Was it a throw?  It seemed like they threw her across the room.
  Was it a reasonable distance?  I was a little cloudy up until that point.
  So it wasn't, but it was.
  Yeah.
  You like, you know, you go skin to skin.
  The baby is immediately placed on the mother.
  That's like the first interaction they have.
  Yeah.
  Um, but it was, it was unbelievable.
  It was, I mean, it was like, it was like, I'm trying to even describe it.
  It's like we screamed.
  Like it was like, we both were like, ah, there's a, what the fuck is that?  That looks like me.
  I'm like, that's me.
  It's real.
  Like, it's just like crazy.
  It's crazy.
  And I'm underselling it, how emotional it is and how overwhelming it is.
  But I was like, if we're talking experiences, this is the craziest,  best experience I've ever had.
  Um, I wish, I wish there was a ride that could simulate that for people.
  If they were not going to have kids or, or whatever.
  The making of me got you a little bit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's a very emotional, very joyous experience.
  Um, yeah.
  So I, I think you're giving Nathan Fielder ideas for season two of his show.
  Sure.
  Uh, so yeah, we did that.
  So we did that.
  I don't think this, I don't think Liz, you'll be upset.
  Uh, we saved cord blood, which, you know, you can do.
  And then they also, obviously the hospital does some of that already.
  So another experience is, you know, we're sitting there, like just looking at the  baby and just overwhelmed because it's so wild.
  And I immediately, I think the baby looks like me.
  I think she looks like me, uh, when I was a baby and, and I'm obviously,  I see you a lot.
  And yeah, it's like, she's got my nose when I was a little kid or like a little kid.
  And you say it was a girl.
  It's a girl.
  Oh yeah.
  I guess I think I said that, or maybe I didn't.
  So we had, um, so we had, so, so the baby came, so after that, after that sort of  moment of, of just staring at the baby going, oh my God, it's real.
  It actually happened.
  Uh, I went to, I went to the bathroom and I came out and it would look like I walked  into a maze at a horror night.
  The amount, because you really don't notice all that stuff that's happening  because you're staring into the eyes of your child.
  And that's obviously insanely important and emotional.
  And then you kind of shake it off and you go, ah, the hell the hell's going on.
  You remove the love, the new love from this situation.
  Oh my Jesus Christ.
  Oh, you'll also like the pictures, the first pictures that you took that you  currently regard as like just a miracle, perfect joy, you like in a, in a couple  months, you'll look at them and go, ah, what's this weird flesh spider?  Like, what's, you know, what she actually looks like.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that's not true.
  Like it's a mirror, but like the one that I have, that's him like screaming for his  life and so tiny and like, yeah, yeah.
  What, like when time passes, it feels so crazy.
  Yeah, yeah, sure.
  She's, she's already, it's interesting to see after a few weeks even on the  difference, but yeah, so, so then we go to the other room after that.
  Uh, and that's, and I go, oh, we're going to different room and I go, oh, you know  what, it's going to be better than this.
  It's going to have like an actual bed or something for me to sleep in.
  False worse, much room.
  The room is basically just has a chair and the chair kind of reclines into like  three sections and all the sections have a metal square frame and you can feel it  while you're lying on it.
  So I slept on three pieces of metal with a thin cushion for two nights in this  weird little room as the worst nights of your life or the most challenging nights  of your life where you like barely get some, maybe they'll like take her away  for a minute to like, yeah, but yeah, it's great.
  And you're a, you're a tall man.
  It's tough to fit on any couch kind of situation.
  That's crazy.
  So this happened in the American healthcare system.
  Yes, believe it or not.
  Yes, that is where it was.
  It was in America.
  Um, so, so yeah, I would give it a bad, as far as accommodations, as far as hotel  review, I was very bad, very bad.
  Lindsay obviously had a hospital bed, the baby had a bassinet.
  I think they were fine.
  Uh, I, it felt like they were testing me or so.
  I felt like I was being tested by God or by some prankster or something.
  Like how could, luckily I was only sleeping like an hour and a half at a time.
  So I guess it didn't even really matter because yeah, people basically, yeah, if  you've not done this, people, nurses, doctors are coming in to this room every  couple hours to check on everybody and to make sure everything's going okay.
  So you would wake up and you just like, this is a dude in the room.
  Like you fall asleep, you open your eyes, you're as a dude, like just checking out  your baby and you're like, oh, hey, he's like, yeah, everything is good.
  And I go, whatever man, thumbs up.
  And then you like fall back asleep.
  Who are you?  I'll never see you again.
  You're here at a crucial juncture in my life.
  We will never speak.
  Never speak again.
  You could be, yeah, you could have just put this outfit on.
  You went to the spirit Halloween and got a doctor outfit, wandered in here.
  I don't know.
  I'm too tired to care.
  I don't want you to do anything to us or the baby, but what I'm so tired at this  point, so, so yeah, then also for reviewing experiences, the, the food in a hospital.
  I hate to be like an old standup comedian here.
  Oh yeah.
  But you cannot wait to get home.
  Yeah.
  What the fuck?  Why?  Why is it so bad?  Why can't it just be like a little better?  Why do they have to buy?  Why can't I, why do they have to buy Shasta Cola?  It's all Shasta.
  All the sodas are Shasta and they're tiny ones.
  I just don't know.
  Better sodas hospitals.
  And everything is like, oh, do you want like a juice?  And I go, why?  You know what?  I don't have juice a lot.
  It would be nice to have a juice.
  Well, here's a child's juice box for you to drink.
  And you're like a juice box.
  What?  It's like everything is done to like save as much money as possible.
  And you're like, why a little bit better?  How about a little, I'm not fancy.
  I'm not a fancy guy, but.
  Look, I don't know what to tell you.
  It's a hospital, not above a gump.
  You're not going to get a non-alcoholic slushie.
  I wanted that though.
  I just like a sore.
  They had a sorbet.
  Just like licking your lips, holding a newborn.
  Like I got a whole palette of Coca Cola dream world at home.
  I ordered, I ordered the Coke dream world.
  It was, it was street dated August 15th.
  Okay.
  Which means that they're not supposed to sell before, but I think due to an error  on, I think the Walmart app, I was able to order three cases of it, three fridge  cases, small cases on the 12th.
  And then I think it arrived the 14th.
  So I was able to taste dream world a day earlier before street date.
  And you sent me all of that information as it was happening.
  Well, Jason sent me a picture of it as if like, Hey, check this out.
  And I go, my man, I'm way ahead.
  I'm already there.
  There was, there was the discussion of on our thread with Griffin Newman.
  He was pointing out the, because he, he discovered that you had had this baby  via just a casual joke that was made.
  And then he's like, hang on a second.
  When was, what was the date?  Because he went back and did some, some date work and realized that you had pretty  quickly into it, texted him photos of an avatar to action figure.
  I think it was Friday.
  I think it was Friday morning, I think.
  Yeah.
  So we, the baby was born Wednesday, a very late or late Wednesday.
  And then Friday morning I was back to texting people.
  Bullshit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We were, we were texting about what had happened on a wrestling show.
  Uh, pretty quickly.
  Yeah.
  Which there's a lot of downtime.
  You're, you're bored.
  As I said to him, I look, my son was born and then two days later, Quibi was born.
  So I was texting up a storm.
  Well, I probably never texted more like it's still alive.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Back to making fun of this.
  You know, what's funny is I believe Scott, I believe you texted me on that  Wednesday while we were delivering.
  I think you texted me like 6 PM, like, Hey update, like question mark or like  maybe even a smiley face that might be crazy, but he's expecting he must be done  by now.
  You certainly definitely texted me like you guys must be done.
  And this was in maybe the peak worst moment of delivery.
  And I think I looked at it and went, Oh, you, how dare you be so optimistic.
  You with your no information, you and your, you and your comfy home.
  I'll get to that later.
  Too much explanation.
  I am recalling the timeline wise.
  I almost texted you at some point on Thursday at some sort of boring logistical,  like, Hey, can you do this?  Or do you want me to do this?  Can we get this done for the babies done?  You guys are probably like, you're sitting in one of your uncomfortable  horror, hospital horror rooms.
  And I, I just got distracted and didn't.
  And looking back, I'm like, Oh, I'm so glad I didn't text them about like, do  you want me to send this email?  Yeah.
  I mean, you know, Thursday, everything had pretty much gone okay.
  And fine.
  Like everything was set down, but it is.
  Yeah.
  It would have been funny if you texted me that on Wednesday because I would have  maybe cursed you out.
  It might've been Wednesday.
  It might've been Wednesday before I knew that you were at the hospital.
  So, okay.
  Something like that.
  I would have like, till Lindsay, I'd be like, Jason's a asshole.
  I would have like yelled about you or something.
  Cause I, well, I, cause I hadn't told you guys yet, like, Hey, got the  negative COVID test.
  Cause I was like, Oh shit, I gotta get on a plate at it, you know, 24  hours since this worked out.
  So, um, yeah.
  So, so it may have been funny.
  I wouldn't have been mad forever, but it would have been funny.
  Cause if we're, if we're doing like, uh, kind of date stamps and forensics  kind of stuff, I have one more thing to add to that conversation just because I  like any of the juxtaposition of what we, what we, and the listeners know about  you, Mike, and now, uh, compared with you having a child that I went on our  YouTube channel to upload the video about the camel Vegas groove blender, which  you can hear about on our Patreon.
  Yes.
  And sometimes, because we all have access to the YouTube and you could see people  search history and watch history.
  So you can tell what people have been viewing.
  And it was really funny seeing this is from, uh, earlier in the week, uh, just  a big run of videos that are 10 baby care skills, every new parent should learn  ultimate newborn baby hacks, uh, diaper change, wiping out a clean baby during  change.
  And then right before all of that, uh, club random, Bert Kreischer on his  daughter being woke.
  Well, that's an important thing to know.
  If you have a daughter, is she going to be woke?  I mean, and this is where this is a crucial juncture because every decision  you make like the type of wiping the, the, the powdering, the, you know, what  you say to her, these are the, these are the days where you can maybe save her  from the scourge of being woke.
  Right.
  So check out what Bert is saying.
  Make sure you don't end up down the Kreischer family path.
  Wait, how are you seeing this stuff?  Cause now I want to say, is it just if you were logged in on the show,  YouTube account?  It depends what happens.
  We'll give the listeners too.
  So everybody can check it out.
  If you're on that, yeah, Google, whatever it's your YouTube accidentally, not  accidentally links it to your YouTube.
  So, okay.
  So anyway, I, boy, do I hope I'm so happy to hear it's a girl, but if I hear it's a  woke girl, I don't know if I can be part of your family journey anymore.
  Well, I'm going to show her all Rob Schneider's movies early.
  Oh, that's great.
  Daddy daughter is being released exclusively at Hawkins cinemas.
  We've all enjoyed his daughter's music.
  What was that song?  Oh, did we play?  Exes.
  Exes and oh, say haunt me.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, I mean, that's basically the tail.
  And baby, baby, baby is doing great at home and everything's cool.
  And we're very lucky, very happy.
  And we're not Jason, we're not upset about having a baby.
  We love that.
  Yeah.
  So no, so listeners should not say I'm sorry.
  Don't say I'm sorry because we wanted this and we are we are actually other than  this sleeping, not sleeping so much.
  We are we are very much enjoying.
  We are obsessed with her.
  It's great.
  Everything's great.
  Oh my.
  Oh, geez.
  That's that's really nice.
  Yeah.
  You know, my my heartfelt thing to say is that I had so we are our son in in 2020.
  So the years he's been alive are 2020 to 2022.
  And I like when I see those dates or I make photo albums that have that is that date  in brackets and put all of our like really wonderful memories into the eye.
  When I see those years, I have there's like a glow that I feel when I'm just looking at  the year names, 2020 and 2021.
  Now we all know how horrible those years have been.
  These are like all time for the world.
  Worst years like like years that put terror in most people's.
  But I genuinely I like when I look at just 2020, 2021, I have this like, oh, geez,  because I think about him and I think about like, oh, and then he was in that stage and  then that stage and we did this and we did that.
  And it I don't know.
  Just like I feel wonderful.
  Just even just thinking about this time.
  And I just like I wish that for you guys so much.
  Hey, I wish that the actual years are better and with all the other stuff.
  But I hope that you're looking back at 2022, 2023 and you're just like a glow because of  all of the memories you're making.
  And, you know, she's she's very set up for success.
  You guys are both so wonderful and and creative people who are very engaged with things  you love.
 And I know that's going to be the case with your daughter, too, that like she's  set up for success.
 She's going to experience a lot of cool stuff thanks to the both of you.
  So good for her.
  She picked a good, good parents to be assigned to in a existential way.
  Thank you, Scott.
 That's very nice.
  I hope.
 Yeah, the only the only the only feeling I have now is just like, all right, get a  little older so you can like register some of the cool stuff that your parents are into,  you know, like just like like I don't want I don't want to move stuff along.
  I want everything.
 I want to enjoy everything as it happens.
  But I go, if you could only enjoy the thin Lizzie song we're listening to right now,  you know, if you could appreciate these guitar guitar harmonies that are happening right  now, you know, that would be that would be great.
  So maybe six months she'll start air guitar ring while we're listening.
  Yeah, I know you don't want to fast.
 I was saying, you know, cherish these years and  hope these are wonderful years.
 But the year you need to have your eye on is 2035, because  that's when she is a teen and that's when you achieve your dream of being a cool teen  dad.
 Just 13 years to suffer through and then you get to be the the the teen dad you've  always wanted to be for some reason.
 For some reason.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, no, that is a good goal.
  That's a goal post, essentially.
  I'll say this.
 Lindsay was like we had a long had a discussion of like, when is the first  time you take the kid to Disney or something?  And she was she initially started at some insane thing like five.
  And I went, are you out of your mind?  Five.
 What are we doing here?  Yeah, are you kidding?  You've gotten mad at.
  Yeah, I got I threw I threw something through the window.
  I got mad.
 Yeah.
  Lindsay, come on.
  They're free below a certain age.
  You got to get a few fit in as many as you can.
  You got to forget about your freebies in.
  We actually we went to we went this is a side note.
  We went to Disneyland last, I guess, it's April.
  Yeah, like last April already with some friends who were in from out of town.
  And so the baby was there at Disneyland.
  And this is I got like a little emotional.
  I was like, this is baby's first trip to Disneyland.
  Baby's been on the haunted mansion.
  But like, well, but that's that's nice.
  I wish I mean, technically, our son was at Disney World.
  Yes.
 You know, when you guys found out and I wish I had that emotion,  but instead it was like, it is so motherfucking hot.
  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah, we have to get Aaron on a bench or something.
  Jesus.
 Yeah.
  So but anyway, so so now that the baby's here, Lindsay's like,  I do want to take her very soon.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You just have to you guys just have to get past these record unending heat  waves we are subject to in Los Angeles.
  Yes, that's true.
  We will not do that in the heat, especially for a newborn.
  But when you start, that's the other I mean, I've said this already.
  But when you merge those,  they when you merge the interests and the stuff that we talk about on the show,  and the places that we love and you see it through their eyes.
  Oh, my God.
 If you like, I'm not kidding.
  I mean, maybe this is an on brand thing, but I agree with you completely  on that moment that they show up is is is a highlight of the life.
  But then like starting to just like a place that I've never cared.
  Like I've never given a shit about the Minion Cafe at Universal Studios Hollywood.
  But my taking him and having him like  hit all the umbrellas and in a repeating order for 15 minutes  and the like the happiest I've ever seen him.
  Well, you know, some song I don't know from Despicable Me plays over and over.
  Like it's their neck and neck.
  There's born and then there's like playing with trash cans  and stationary old timey car tires at Universal Studios.
  Just broad joy.
  It makes me smile.
  Huge is just thinking about it.
  I am very excited about it.
  And very excited to give her like some of the things I've bought for her already.
  Like the real goes plus.
  Yeah.
 Here's some flush.
  Wow.
 The talking toy, the evil ghost toilet  that I had when I was a child.
  And now they they made a new.
  It's the same version, I guess they just kind of.
  Wow.
 Ironically, I've had a window open for like a few weeks on my desktop  to buy that toy for myself.
  Come on, buy it for yourself, Jason.
  I'll get it.
 Yeah, I'll get it.
  I yourself.
 So toilet.
  Did you have a toilet with a tongue?  Did you have the toilet when you were younger?  No, I I remember the toilet.
  I don't think I ever had the toilet, but.
  Yeah.
 Plenty plenty of toys with those cards with that look.
 Yeah.
  So anyway, yes, this episode included.
  We made a baby and I never had the toilet.
  The talking ghost toilet.
  Yeah, things that were said.
  I mean, I found a bunch of pictures.
  My mom pulled out a box, a bunch of pictures when I was home.
  And I posted some on the show account of like a precocious me  at the 20th anniversary year of Disney World.
  And there was definitely some toys.
  There was a lot of them, mostly just me holding action figures.
  And some of those I just sent to Mike.
 Yeah.
  There was a picture you were being snooty about the decor of the 1991.
  I it certainly looked like I was being snooty.
 Yeah.
  Look, look, the logo is so good.
  They could have gone a little harder on the banners.
  That's all I'm saying.
 Looking back.
  Yes.
 So anyway, we were we really were only supposed to do this  for 20 minutes.
 Now we're almost an hour.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, OK, so here.
  Well, then here's what's what we can say before we move on.
  From this point, we enter a bit of a convoluted timeline,  especially on the second day.
  You'll hear episode.
 Just don't get confused.
  Stick with us, because sometimes Mike isn't a dad yet.
  And sometimes Jason is gone because of Covid.
  Yeah.
 You hear us say that Jason has Covid.
  It doesn't necessarily mean that he has it again.
  That might have been the past Covid.
  And you might even hear references to BugCon being in the future,  even though it happened already and Bug has retired.
  And that was the last BugCon.
  So don't be confused with the bug mythology that you know so well.
  If I say it's in the future, we've been all over the map.
  So just try to stick with us.
  And, you know, think of it like better call Saul.
  It's it's inventive storytelling  where you don't know where you're going and when.
  And I think, you know, get ready to laud us  for this what will be a dynamic period in our history.
  It'll keep you on your toes as a listener.
  And I think that's what's fun.
  You're not going to get complacent in your listening.
  You'll have to really figure some shit out.
  Oh, I think on your toes, there's one.
  There's one Patreon episode where we acknowledge  I'm about to be a father, but I was not a father yet.
  So you'll see, you'll see when it's coming.
  And yes, oh, by the way, yes, also the day I was late,  there's a lot my parents moved out to Los Angeles to help with the baby.
  And they were like there was so many shenanigans going on that week.
  That is why I was late.
  It's all baby related in this.
  And that's why I said everything's fine and good.
  It was just a very chaotic week.
  So, yes, anybody who some listeners, some listeners are like, well, OK,  now we know and thank you for explaining.
  I want other listeners who just want to hear us talk about rides  or like they are so in the fucking weeds right now.
  Yeah.
 Well, I've been hearing about logistics for fucking 30 minutes.
  50 minutes in.
 Yeah.
 At this point.
  What do you think's going to happen at this point?  I just want to say also now we are getting ever closer  to our final form as Disney daddies.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Ever.
 There's no no pressure on Jason.
  I'm just saying two of the three have become Disney daddies with a Z.
  Yeah.
 Shifting fully away from the initial tagline.
  And childless where we take now it's over half.
 Right.
  It's the least applicable tagline.
 Right.
 I could imagine.
  And as soon as I'm still in, I'm still in my flop era.
  I got out of bed an hour ago.
  But, you know, when Jason, if Jason has a child, if when he has a child,  I don't know.
 But when that happens or if it happens,  then the podcast will completely change from any curses, any tangents  to just glowing positivity about everything.
  It will be like three Mr.
  Maros hosting this podcast.
  And it's going to be like, well, you know, that will complete the transformation.
  That will be sort of like everything up until that point will be  or better called Saul, basically our origin story.
  And then because of the podcast, we became Disney daddies.
  And then from then on, it's just positivity and we get invited  to every Disney press event.
  They fly us.
 They put us up and it'll be a whole new world.
  This limited time lemonade  that's dyed purple makes me so happy.
  It's almost it makes me almost as happy as seeing my child for the first time.
  There's so many joys in this life, whether it be souvenir  sippers or looking on the eyes that you yourself created.
  Can you believe there was ever a less enlightened time where we would,  you know, make fun of a weird barren theme park in Arkansas  or talk about a restaurant that we didn't like and didn't  went to to make fun of Scott?  Were we ever these men?  Scott, I shudder when I think of some of the remarks we made.
  Or I I can't even listen back to some of the older podcasts  with our snarky attitude and our glib remarks.
  The things we valued, the mistakes that we made.
  I will never listen to them again, and neither should the listener.
  And I can't wait to eat this purple and green cake.
  Well, I guess my bullshit doesn't really change very much in this scenario.
  Well, it will.
 It will.
  That's what I'm saying.
 You will become like us.
  You will find Christ and you will.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
  That's another thing that happened.
 This is a turn.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 We've been texting about it.
  Yeah.
 We're I'm born again.
 Did I say that?  No, no.
 You were just texting about John Moxley.
  Oh, yeah.
 I like wrestling still, but I'm born again.
  So, no.
 OK.
 That's also part of it.
  So anyway, I'm a Disney daddy now.
  And wow.
 Well, and and I officially now I'm not going to hand it over  because I don't have the right to do this.
  There's an outside body that does this.
  But if you take over as the recipient of the National Daddy Award,  I will not fight it.
 Thank you.
  But if I get it again, you know, that's fine.
  Fuck you and fucks and all Disney.
  Disney daddy's, you know, one of the things they do is share.
  So, you know, wow, that's gosh.
  And, you know, I don't think we should ever make fun of Walter Gunn.
  I think we're all that's what I because he envisioned a world  of just holding hands in a world in a magical land of make believe  with a living mouse.
  And now we have we have our little mice that we walk down  our beautiful childhood street.
  He was he was perfect.
 Our children are perfect.
  Everything's perfect.
 When my child, when my child, we should not.
  We should not speculate one.
  What charisma less actor will be playing him in that Lenny Reif and Stahl biopic?  I I dressed my child up like the little newsie  in the California Adventure Street show,  and I started playing suitcase in a dream and I created the narrative  of my child on the on the train out to meet me with a dream.
  And it's beautiful.
  Yeah.
 Well, you have to do that because you still you still think the idea  that she came from sex is a little icky body.
  It is a little body.
  We need a G rated backstory.
  That's when I got born again is after I like I had to reconcile  what we had done to do to and reclaim your virginity.
  Yeah, I am now a new version.
  And now that we're now that baby business is out of the way,  Mike's a virgin and things are as they should be.
  I am a fresh virgin.
  So it so it back up.
  Oh, my goodness.
  All right.
 Well, hey, you survived podcast, the ride this zone of it.
  And hey, Mike, this one's for you and Lindsey, your bravery made a person.
  Well done, freedom.
  Oh, yeah.
 I forgot.
 I got to thank you.
  I got to show you this.
 Real quick.
  Yes.
 All right.
 We better cover.
 He's reaching.
  OK.
 All right.
 Great.
  What is that?  Well, it's a new and that's this is an optimist, but it's not for the baby.
  No, it's for me.
 It's a super seven Optimus Prime toy.
  And now he can be proud of me every day.
  Twenty four seven.
  I was scared to death you were you were reaching back on the floor.
  We're going to pull up a baby.
  Yeah.
 Been there the whole time.
  I'll show you the baby off air.
  OK.
 All right.
 Well, let's get off air then.
  OK.
 See you on the other side.
 Bye bye.
  This has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcast.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
