 Forever.
  Dog.
  ["Fruit of the Night"]  Warning, the following podcast contains  benign red pigmentation of stool,  discussion of actor Peter Lurie,  and multiple spellings of the word fruit.
  Mike Scollins joins us to discuss  General Mills' monster series on Haunt Casts the Fright.
  ["Fruit of the Night"]  Welcome to Haunt Casts the Fright,  a haunt cast about scream parks,  or in today's case, serial killers.
  I'm Scott Grave Digner, joined by Jason Skeleton.
  That was very slick.
  Serial killers didn't occur to me until I heard you say it.
  You know, and it's a joke that would work  for a mom or a child.
  That's for everyone.
  Yes.
  Except for mentioning killing,  which I guess isn't good for children.
  Anyway, also joining us is,  this is a new development off of the second gate  where we brainstormed a little more on the spooky names.
  Let's just, all right, I'll just lay this in.
  Michael Madsen is where, okay.
  We're comfortable with that?  Yeah, I'm here and I'm, I think, you know,  here's what I think, I was thinking about this for days,  maybe two or three days.
  I was thinking about it.
  I think the way it should be sold is like Michael Madsen,  you know, like mad in a crazy way, not angry,  because I think it could be misinterpreted pretty easily.
  And I wanna make sure it's more like a mad scientist  than it is like somebody just generally mad,  like a sports fan is mad that his team lost.
  That's not what I am in Halloween season.
  But that's the issue, not the confusion.
  You like that it's the actor's name.
  That's good.
  We like that.
 I love that.
  But you wanna make sure that we know  that the mad is a mad scientist mad.
  Exactly, yeah.
  Okay, so that's where we've landed.
  Let us know what you think of Michael Madsen.
  And today we are talking about the monster cereals.
  These are from General Mills.
  This is a frightening brand that has,  I think it's a very good choice for us  who are kind of scaredy cats,  because these are soft scary characters  who themselves are scaredy cats.
  Like that's sort of the thing with them.
  They are monsters.
  That's how they were characterized.
  They're monsters who are scared a little bit.
  So appropriate for us, I feel.
  Count Chocula, of course.
  Frankenberry, these are the big stars.
  And this topic comes to us courtesy of a person  we were just meeting for the first time,  whom I'm so happy is here.
  I love when a funny person outs themself  as being into the bullshit that we are into.
  A visiting from New York, from Late Night with Seth Meyers.
  It's Mike Scollins.
  Hi.
 Hey.
  Thanks for having me.
  Absolutely.
  Oh wait, I was gonna say Mike Scaldings, maybe.
  I wanna say the real name and then throw one at ya.
  The spooky one.
  Scollins is probably the easiest.
  Scollins, wait a minute, of course.
  Okay, because it keeps more of the real.
  I had the skull is coming from inside the house.
  That's great, that's great.
  Okay, okay, love it.
  Now with that, now we've already given you  several introductions due to the spooky names,  but I'm gonna back it up.
  I wanted to do the one where we said  your comedy credit, the show that you write for,  but now I'm gonna do one, I'm gonna do a different intro  that is maybe super relevant to our audience,  and that is please welcome our guest today,  a guy who used to run the Six Flags Twitter account.
  Mike Scallins, let's go with,  or a call is coming from inside the house.
  Yes, are you willing to discuss this?  I am willing, I'm willing to.
  I think all the NDAs have expired.
  Okay.
 I think I can talk about  Six Flags Twitter account.
  You're not gonna get a visit from Mr.
 Six  looking pissed off.
  I may well, who I've seen out of makeup in, handsome guy.
  Oh.
 Oh, that's right.
  That's the idea, you saw the real actor  who was like a, there's photos of him out there.
  He's a buff gentleman, strangely.
  Well, he's like a proper dancer.
  I mean, it's a lot easier to make a dancer look old  than make an old person look like a good dancer.
  Oh yes, to inject life into a extremely 100 year old.
  I don't know how old he is canonically,  but this is, when abouts did this happen  and how did this happen?  I needed a day job in 2012, 13 maybe.
  I was there for like a year and a half, two years.
  Okay.
  I'm sure you guys know that the headquarters is in Dallas.
  I don't think, I don't know if I did know that offhand.
  There was a small satellite office in New York  that I worked out of, but barely,  because all my bosses were in Dallas,  so they didn't really like keep tabs on me.
  And it was also Twitter was like,  kind of still new at this point.
  They wanted a social media expert,  but at that point one didn't exist.
  Just by saying you got a Twitter account,  you kind of were one.
  Sure.
  And I remember they would ask for metrics and reporting,  and I'd be like, oh, it's such new technology.
  That stuff doesn't really exist.
  Yeah.
  As long as your followers are going up,  you're doing a good job.
  And I knew that this was a job an intern should be doing,  so I'm just gonna ride until the wheels fall off  and I get let go.
  I would use all of their office supplies  to print everyone's mod sketches at UCB.
  Oh, wow, great.
  I would tweet maybe three times a day,  and they would ask why are you tweeting so little?  And I'd be like, oh, it's really alienating to the consumer  because it's their space, not ours.
  And they were like, oh no, that makes sense.
  That makes perfect sense.
  And they were fully on board with it.
  As far as daily jobs goes,  it was one of the best ones I've ever had.
  Jeez.
  And incredible perks.
  What'd you get, what are perks?  Took my whole 13 person mod team to Six Flags,  bracelets that you go right up the exit line.
  It was a blast.
  You were the guy to get on a mod team with clearly.
  Yeah, I mean.
  There's a high roller here.
  Six Flags Great Adventure,  which is the one closest to New York,  also has a safari.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
  And they let me go and feed the tigers  and pet the dolphins.
  It was.
  You got closer animal access.
  Yeah, it was.
  Because I tweeted four times a day,  just like who's going to the park?  Not even.
  Oh yeah, that's a good question.
  Wait, Mike, did you have a question?  I was just gonna say,  is the wristband,  if you buy a wristband at that park,  can you go up and pet animals or touch them?  Or was that just sort of like a teen was like right this way?  This, these are,  these bracelets are only for internal use.
  So you can't buy them.
  But if like an investor's come to the park,  they'll like give you two.
  And I was like, well, I need 13.
  But like.
  Well, you gotta take the coach.
  You can't leave the coach.
  And he did come.
  Yeah.
  He came and he had a blast.
  Yeah, the director has to come too.
  And let's just say I had some sketches  in the show that month.
  Smart.
  Wait, yeah.
  Then you gave me the question of like,  you kind of previewed it,  but like what was that?  A general tweet might be like,  who's ready for roller coasters?  Basically what it was.
  And then like every once in a while,  I would like,  I'd get like a customer service question  that I would answer like,  all right, the park closes at eight.
  Yeah.
  Or whatever time Six Flags closes.
  Yes, we are very sorry that Kingda Ka is shut down again.
  No car has made it up that hill.
  And I would just.
  Yeah.
  Pack my briefcase and go home.
  Job well done.
  Wow, an empty briefcase.
  It's full of good, right?  Packets.
  Must be a lot of analytics in there.
  Also you wouldn't have this gig.
  That is so fascinating.
  Well, that's some amazing theme park cred.
  And also you're here kind of on,  personally for work,  but you're also doing,  you've been traversing the country,  checking out the haunt season.
  You've done a bunch in Florida as well, correct?  Favorite time of the year.
  I mean, like you said,  I'm here like partially for work,  but it was planned around.
  I wanna go to Halloween Horror Nights.
  I did not scary farm on Saturday.
  Okay.
  And then the beginning of the month of September  went down to Orlando to do,  we did Disney and we did Halloween Horror Nights.
  I had never been to the Orlando park before  for Halloween Horror Nights.
  Hadn't even been to Florida in like 15 years  and forgot how big it is.
  Oh yeah.
  I mean, I go to the one,  the Hollywood Horror Nights every year  and forgot comparatively the Orlando park is just huge.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's a giant camp like rivaling Disney World at this point.
  If not in physical space,  then like stuff to do.
  How'd you dig it?  I don't think we've, you know,  we haven't made it down there.
  We don't know what's going on for Halloween right now.
  How was it?  Dug it quite a bit.
  We, the Orlando and the Hollywood parks  usually double up mazes a lot and houses a lot.
  And this year they haven't really.
  There was one down there,  Dead Man's Pier that I thought was just fucking awesome.
  It's like kind of based on the fog.
  And like, I know you did last summer a little bit  because the fisherman with the hook,  but takes place in New England, which is where I'm from.
  And I was just like all about it.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  We did, we got the flash passes, went through,  and then my buddy Kevin and I also like went through  the standby line and did it again.
  Okay.
  Sweet, sweet.
  Wait, so like spooky fog then scary?  Yeah, it was not like,  it wasn't the scariest house they had,  but just like the atmosphere and the mood was so great.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  A lot of barnacles on dead bloated corpses,  beautiful shit props.
  The biggest set piece was like this lighthouse  that everything was kind of like built all around.
  And it had like different tiers.
  So there was like perspective and depth  that you don't always get at a lot of haunted houses.
  And I was just like fully on board for.
  Oh, like a multiple level?  Yeah, yeah.
  So like the lighthouse,  you were always, it was always a focal point  in the horizon no matter where in the park you were  or where in the house you were actually.
  Wow, that's cool.
  They have a Wolfman Dracula mummy,  like versus maze down there.
  Is that one not at Hollywood?  They have it, but it looks like it's different.
  Like, because when I did it out here, I don't know,  maybe your experience was different  because sometimes like the scare actors  will maybe be on a break.
  So you miss an important element of the maze.
  But when I watched a walkthrough of it in Orlando,  they always had like a very clear winner  that would apparently change at the end  of among the three monsters.
  Oh man, if that happened, I missed that.
  Okay, because like at the end it was like,  mummy's holding up like Wolfman's head, mummy wins.
  And apparently they rotate through winners,  which I thought was awesome.
  So when I went to Hollywood, I was like, here we go,  let's see which monster wins.
  And then we got to the end and it was like,  just nobody was there.
  And I was like, is this cause of Hollywood  or is this cause somebody's on break  or just for the work?  I did watch them like cycle out scare actors  and the standby line gives them like a real like,  when we used to like bang pots and pans  for first responders, that's what these,  that's the reception these guys got when they were like  leaving to go on a 15 minute break.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, these are the heroes.
  Yeah.
  And correct me if I'm wrong,  are they usually covered in like black hoods  or like cloaks? Yes, yes.
  It looks like a funeral procession.
  They really try to like keep the mystery  so that you're not like watching Wolfman  take his 10 minute break.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which is I guess good,  but then you suddenly are noticing like 20 people  in all black.
  Yeah.
 Walking by.
  If you don't know, it like raises more questions.
  Yeah.
 Scary.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But that's good.
  It's like Mark of Thorn.
  That's what you want.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we did one year were backstage at not scary farm  and it was very funny just to see like  a ghoul taking a lunch break.
  Like a ghoul eating leftover spaghetti.
  So they put less thought into  we were allowed access to see like the real.
  Oh, like a media.
  They let us see.
 Got it.
  Like I came out of the bathroom  and was startled by like a headless creature.
  I was like, oh, excuse me.
  I did not on Saturday  and a decent amount of it was closed down  because of flooding.
  It rained a lot on Saturday.
  Oh no.
  You said in lines.
  Like you just couldn't.
  Yeah.
 We also have flash pass  and they were like flash pass is flooded.
  You're gonna have to get in standby line  which was like kind of a bummer.
  Oh wow.
  The line is, wait, the line,  I think the actual pavement is deep,  like goes more underground.
  According to them.
  And then the, I guess the standby must be uphill  or something.
  Cause that was not flooded.
  There's stuff like that.
  Think about like ghost rider.
  Ghost rider has like a, it goes down.
  Like there's like a slope to it.
  So maybe they, it's not a totally even park.
  Usually the lines are just like next to each other.
  Oh, this was not the line.
  The lines were around the corner from each other  but I don't, I guess I don't get the benefit  to lying to me.
  Yeah.
  It's true.
  Although like, don't you find in just real life,  especially in retail, and I don't blame people,  you get lied to constantly and you know you're being lied to  and you go, yeah, okay.
  Like somebody, you ask for something in a Target  and they go, ah, and they like pretend to check  and they go, oh, we don't have it.
  And I go, okay.
  And I go, that person has lied to me.
  Yeah.
  Do you feel that happens a lot?  Yes.
  And I guess I am like too conflict averse to call them on.
  Like you didn't go in before it.
  McDonald's, they say, you know, the ice cream machine.
  The ice cream machine's broken, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Carlson, what toy were you after that you didn't get  that made you mad at the Target?  It looks like Boo Berry.
  Oh, it happened, I do have a, the toy,  it is a toy story about the Target, yes.
  So, okay.
  So I'm driving to Glendale's Target.
  I'm trying to pick up the Ninja Turtle punk frog set,  which is a Napoleon Bonafrog and I think Attila the Frog  was the other one in the two pack.
  And I call on the way over and I say, oh, do you have this?  And I explain what it is and the guy,  he's like confused obviously, because he's an adult man  and why would he know anything about what I'm talking about?  This is a niche product for weird people  in their 30s and 40s.
  And mainly it's people calling to ask like,  do you have formula or not?  Is that still happening or not?  This was pre-formula shortage I want to-  Oh really, okay, this is a long standing story.
  Okay.
  This is before the supply chain issues.
  And he's like, oh yeah, and he's like, he looks,  he goes, oh yeah, we don't have this, so sorry.
  And I go, okay, all right, thank you.
  And I pull into the thing, I go up to the section  sitting right on the shelf, they have it there.
  And I go, well, the guy lied to me, but I don't blame him.
  I'm not upset with him.
  It's a happy ending for you too.
  Oh yeah, so I was, yeah.
  Are those toys behind you somewhere?  You're in front of your toy collection.
  They are, they are behind me.
  Do you want to see them?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Is it a hassle to get up though?  I don't know what, I don't know how many rigs  you're connected to.
  Mike's gonna lie and say we don't have it and stuff.
  I love the audio picture this is painting.
  It's like theater of the mind.
  We can hear him stepping away from the mic  to find his little guy.
  Even if you're not watching on the Forever Dog YouTube,  now you know kind of the distance from microphone  to turtles, which is not very far.
  Oh wow.
  Here's all four of the brother,  of the punk brother frogs.
  These are really cool looking, I'm not gonna lie.
  As much as I'd love to make fun of it,  it is like a 2D drawn style made 3D.
  These toys rule, Scott.
  They're really good.
  It's hard to deny that even if you go,  this guy's out of his mind,  you go but they are like really cool looking  and the colors are really well chosen.
  Really vibrant.
  The style is real like a battle toadsy, right?  Yeah, well yeah.
  These battle toads, I'm trying to think what the timeline is  because they had the whole run of like biker mice from Mars,  street sharks in the wake of the turtles.
  But I'm sure there were like,  I'm sure there were animal crossover basically.
  Like turtles did punk frogs,  but then the toad,  I think there were evil toads on turtles as well,  is what I'm saying.
  But the battle toads themselves were never there.
  But yeah, it's all in the same family.
  That's what I'm getting at.
  So it is Ninja Turtle universe or not?  Wait, I don't remember what.
  Yes, yeah, these four, these guys were in the original.
  So I really don't wanna bog this interview down,  excuse me.
  But these are all in the style of all characters  that appeared in the 1987 cartoon.
  Okay.
  So all the ones that look like this  were characters that you saw in that original  like seven year run of that Fred Wolf cartoon  with the Chuck Lorre theme song.
  Oh yeah.
  Do you like the one giving the peace signs the best  cause it reminds you of Ringo?  Well, Jason, I do like that, but I also say this,  they all come with a lot of hands,  so I could make them all doing peace signs.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh, those are opposable fingers?  Well, no, they're different.
  The hands come off, the hands come off, the heads come off.
  The accessories, again, the accessories,  it's just out of control with how crazy these things are.
  Unbelievable.
  For a man in his 30s.
  But you would not like swat your newborn daughter away from,  you wouldn't make her not touch.
  No, but she does get, to calm her down,  I bring her in here and I just have her look at the colors  and it does seem to work.
  Of those specifically or what's the most calming toy you got?  Yeah, the shelf with them on it  and then above are all pretty colorful.
  So I don't know that,  she just likes looking at colors.
  I'm not out of my mind where I'm like,  she's like Attila the frog is my,  I'm like, I'm not imagining her talking yet.
  I like dirtbag and ground chuck,  the villains from season three.
  Yes, daughter, you're learning.
  There's plenty of time to train her.
  You can set her, just like,  you're going to listen to every episode of Danny's podcast,  which covers approximately 4% of what you need to know  to know what all these toys are.
  Exactly.
  You've got something else behind you,  which ties us right into, wow, we've done a smash.
  Good, good, zoom in.
  I can bring them closer too, but yeah,  I'll put them back, but yeah, I have,  I'm a big fan of the monster cereal mascots.
  I'll say this, which might be controversial,  not a big fan of the cereal itself.
  Oh, this is interesting.
  I like the cereal, but I'm not as big,  I like a lot of other cereals better.
  But I have a, thank you, Brian Mariotti,  I'm the COO of Funko.
  I have a Funko Vinyl Soda toy of Fruit Brute,  which is, which is.
 Whoa, that's also cool.
  Anything that's like 2D animated, but made 3D, this rules.
  And it's flocked as well,  which means it has kind of a fur on it.
  Okay, so that's a toy term.
  You're going to start crossing the,  you've given us Brian Mariotti,  and you've given us flocking.
  Yeah, well, and this is,  I don't know the name of the CEO or COO of this company,  but this is a company called Jada Toys,  which made classic, I don't know how,  well, you can see the.
 Great, Frankenberry.
  And the box, the toy box looks like the suitcase.
  The box is the cereal box, yeah.
  Yeah, I don't know if they're making the other ones, but.
  Currently just the first two, Chocula and Frankenberry.
  They look great, you got multiple heads on there.
  I don't think I knew there were, you know,  carefully constructed toy versions of these characters.
  These are new, and here's also the thing,  as I maybe said before, anything you want a toy of  that was around when we were kids,  somebody's either working on it or has made it already.
  Not, I would really like, is there any,  are there any earnest toys? Are there earnest?  I was just talking about this with a friend of mine  a week ago, and for some reason there are not earnest toys,  and that feels like just,  like NECA is the toy company I talk a lot about.
  They're doing ALF now, they're doing dinosaurs,  they're doing a baby Sinclair and an Earl.
  Earnest seems like this is a no-brainer for them  to get on board here, so it's in the zone,  it's in that timeframe, but no, for some reason  there are no good earnest toys right now.
  Wow, wow, because I'd like earnest going on Splash Mountain  from the special that's here,  but I would kind of like finish the loot.
  Mike, is there something you would like a really perfectly,  a upscale toy of from that time period?  I feel like it would have been the cereal monsters,  which we got.
  Wow, wow, no kidding, geez.
  Oh, so you're a fan, you dig these guys.
  Well, I think same as Mike, I think the cereal's fine.
  I think the mascots are unbelievable.
  Oh boy, oh great, great.
  Well, this is great, because I wanted to calibrate  how everybody feels about these characters,  what their general, what your general feelings are.
  How do you think you came to that conclusion?  Is it from commercials or just the existence of them  on boxes?  I mean, definitely commercials,  if those would count as a Halloween special,  that would be my favorite special  is the commercials for the monster cereal.
  But also we weren't much of a sugar cereal family  growing up, so walking through that aisle  is the equivalent feeling you get walking through  the video store aisle at Blockbuster  and looking at the things you can't get.
  Sure.
  They've always been fascinating to me,  and they're like a gateway horror.
  They're not meant to scare anybody.
  They get scared by kids in the commercials.
  Yeah, kids, cats, any sudden movement.
  Each other.
 Each other.
  The first Boo Berry commercial,  which I really like,  is Boo Berry, first off, a lot of these commercials  involved all of them arguing about  their cereal being the best.
  But then Boo Berry is introduced and shows up  and is like, I'm your new neighbor.
  Jordan, actually, will you just bring that up?  The one minute version of the first Boo Berry commercial.
  I know we're going a little out of order  because Boo Berry was the third one introduced,  but I was always very fond of.
  Yeah, that's the one.
  Okay.
  First Boo Berry.
  Someone's come for a nutritious breakfast.
  What?  Hello, my name is Boo.
  Let me finish.
  Boo Berry, my ghostly good blueberry flavored cereal,  Boo Berry, is part of this complete breakfast.
  Boo to you, Boo Berry.
  Frankenberries got strawberry flavored marshmallows.
  Couch-chocolates got chocolate marshmallows.
  But I've got blueberry flavored marshmallows.
  Frankenberries.
 Couch-chocolates.
  And Boo Berry.
  They're terrified of this Peter Laurie-esque.
  Was shocked to find out that was not Peter Laurie this week.
  It's not.
  In fact, it's Paul Fries.
  The ghost host from The Haunted Mansion.
  It's the same voice that narrates The Haunted Mansion.
  Wow, he does an incredible Peter Laurie.
  It's really, really good.
  And it doesn't sound at all like the ghost host,  so that really shows you his.
  Isn't he also the Pillsbury Doughboy?  I think so, yeah.
  He was.
  He's so many things back in the old days.
  Yeah, which none of these voices are similar remotely.
  He's Ludwig Von Drake.
  Oh yeah, I'm sure.
  I feel like in these commercials,  lots of times it's about a serial mascot  trying to get the cereal,  like Barney wants Pebbles or Trick Shots wants Trix.
  And these guys have their cereal all the time.
  That conflict is not there.
  You don't have to meet all these kids  that change out every time.
  You get to focus on your core characters.
  That's a good thing.
  I also really liked in that ad that they are scared,  these monsters are afraid of just the word boo getting said.
  And then he says, let me finish, boo Barry,  which they don't, that softens it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Thank fucking God.
  Jesus Christ, thank God.
  It's just been a hanging boo.
  Scott and Jason, that's what you're most afraid of  in these haunted houses is someone's gonna say boo at you.
  Oh, just boo, yeah, yeah.
  Or if they tack Barry on, you can relax.
  Yeah, yeah, yes.
  Boo Barry, boo to you.
  Like, you know, there's ways you can soften it.
  Soften the blow of boo, yes.
  That's the thing we're the most afraid of this season.
  Unfortunately, that version is missing a thing  in other commercials that I'm very fond of  where they refer to their cereal as being filled  with chocolate sweeties and strawberry sweeties.
  Which as soon as I heard, I was like, uh-oh,  I'm gonna be into this.
  And I immediately played it for my girlfriend  and she was like, I don't care for the sweeties.
  I don't like sweeties.
  Who's not on board with sweet?  What is the breakdown there?  Why do you like sweeties?  Why did she not? I don't know.
  I just think it's really cute.
  I think it's a cute way to refer to marshmallows.
  To refer to like- No, the sweeties  are not the marshmallows.
  I thought the sweeties were the marshmallows.
  The sweeties are the cereal pieces  and then they also have marshmallows.
  It is a little unclear  because it seemed like they went back and forth  on some commercials.
  I believe, yeah, they're not the marshmallows.
  They're not the marshmallows.
  They're the regular pieces.
  Sweeties are regular pieces, not marshmallows.
  That's really confusing.
  So it's not, it's a bowl of sweeties with added-  That's right.
 Marshmallows.
  Which on top of that, there's like a clinical term  that I don't know if it's ever said in these ads,  but I think if you're talking about any of this lucky charms,  anything with marshmallows,  that a term you could use is marbits.
  Anybody previously familiar with marbits?  The word scared me when I saw it  because it sounds like something you have to exterminate.
  But marshmallow bits is,  this shortens into marbits.
  Marbits is like a trauma horror movie series  with like little creatures that are gross  and it's very low budget, but some people like love it.
  It's their whole personality.
  And the box ads, they're just coming out of the toilet  or something like ghoulies.
  Yeah.
  No, marbits.
  Marbits.
  To just generally, well, first things first,  here's something we haven't acknowledged is that  this is the first case of a topic from our Patreon polls,  club three, where the audience chooses the topic.
  This is the first where a topic did not win the poll.
  It's what I wanted.
  It's what I was vouching for.
  Me too, yeah.
  So now we know, Mike,  you were the first to initiate a protocol,  which is if we have put something in the club three poll  and also asked a club three member, thank you by the way,  to, if we've already asked somebody to be on the show,  you yourself have the power to pull it out of the club three  crypt and put it on main feed, baby.
  Oh, I love this rule.
  Thanks for doing it.
  I remember being like a little bummed that monsters didn't win.
  I think it's the one time I voted and I was like,  well, clearly this is the front runner, right?  And no.
  Second place.
  Was it?  By five votes?  No, it was third.
  This was all, it was all so close.
  Yeah.
  I'm a little bit behind spirit Halloween as well.
  Sorry to everyone that didn't want to hear this one.
  People actively campaigns  and you're slapping them right in the face.
  No, thank you for saving it.
  Very excited about that.
  Especially given your passion for the commercials.
  I love that you have like pre-standing fondness for them.
  For sure, yeah.
  I think, I think like if Joe Camel counts,  this feels in the spirit.
  Like I know it's not a theme park ride.
  Although there is that serial theme park, right?  In Mall of America.
  Oh, this came up.
  I didn't know about this at all.
  This was also in the Club 3 comments,  somebody suggested as a future topic,  General Mills Serial Adventure,  which was a some sort of exhibit or walkthrough  or something in the Mall of America.
  Right, then this topic works for sure.
  Oh yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  So yeah, it's got a tie in right there.
  There's another theme park tie in which we'll get to.
  But also look, we love,  yeah, absolutely.
  I think mascots, we've decided mascots count.
  They have to, cause we love them too much.
  Mike has toys of them.
  They're definitely in.
  And this is gonna crack open a whole thing  because we're clearly gonna have to step through other ones  because there's a whole dense ecosystem.
  And I was trying to sort out in my head who goes together  because like with Disney and Universal  and then the stray characters who get picked up by Six Flags  or licensed to Universal or whatever,  this has one of those,  sorting out which serial mascots go together  is a big confusing game and we like big confusing games.
  Which let me get to this.
  Let me see if you guys know actually  who belongs in the same universe.
  Because for a brief time,  there were essentially beanie babies.
  Breakfast babies, in fact, was the name.
  Oh, little sweeties, breakfast babies.
  Breakfast baby, this is a nice like a little bed of cute  to rest on in the middle of a horrifying month.
  So breakfast babies were out there.
  There were seven of them.
  And these all came with General Mills cereals.
  I don't have the slide of this for the main camera,  but there are, here is the breakfast baby of Count Chocolat.
  So this was one of seven.
  And this, which means like we talk about the Disney,  the big five, like the primary characters.
  General Mills had like the breakfast gang, the big seven.
  Does anyone know offhand who's in the same universe  as Count Chocolat besides the monsters?  I think I can do this.
  Oh, I think I can do this.
  Okay, okay.
 Yeah.
  Let's see, either of you chime in.
  Sully the cuckoo bird?  That's right.
  The Lucky Charms leprechaun?  Yes, Lucky the leprechaun.
  Trix rabbit?  Yes, God, you guys, you really know it.
  Wendell from the Cinnamon Toast Crunch?  Yes, and you know the name Wendell?  You guys are acing this.
  I would have gotten, I would have gone,  I would have told, I don't wanna say one that isn't in there  because I, you know, it'd be great to trick you still.
  Who's left?  Any of you know offhand?  Yeah, how many are left?  We got, I think just two left.
  You guys are nailing it.
  We got the cuckoo puffs bird, right?  Did you?  I don't think you did.
  Sonny the cuckoo bird?  Yeah, we said that was the first one.
  Yeah, that was the first.
  Oh, sorry.
  I think it's the  Wendell Charms.
  Wendell.
  Wendell has been said.
  The wolf, the Cookie Crisp wolf or the bandit dog?  A bandit dog, I think is what you're,  wait are those different characters?  Yes.
  Yeah, two different characters.
  Okay.
  Cookie Crisp has been a little lost over the years.
  Wendell is Cinnamon Toast Crunch?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yes.
  Which is a delicious cereal.
  A really good cereal that will really cut your roof  of your mouth and then wedge cinnamon in there.
  Jason has weak skin in his mouth.
  I have very weak mouth skin.
  Tissue paper in his mouth.
  Golden Grahams is much more gentle.
  That's true.
  You gotta be careful for shrimp in those things too.
  That's a point.
  Yeah, don't forget, even though it's been a while,  never forget.
  We got one more left, I believe.
  It's kind of a big one actually.
  Shoot.
  It's gonna be so upset.
  Yeah, when I hear this.
  Can I give you a hint I can give?  Give a hint, yeah.
  I don't wanna give a hint that's too.
  Oh, the fruitless bird?  No, that one is Kellogg's.
  That's Kellogg's.
  The Captain Crunch is?  No, that's Quaker.
  That's Quaker.
  It's in the animal kingdom.
  Oh, Tony?  No, that's Kellogg's.
  That's Kellogg's.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Because I was wondering are all of the characters  in the General Mills family,  but there's more Kellogg's than you would think.
  And Tony, one of the big ones.
  Right, and then there's like Post,  which has the Flintstones.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And Sugar Bear, who is from Golden Criss.
  Captain Crunch is kind of an island in Quaker Oats.
  Yeah, and he doesn't have a lot of friends.
  Just his religious friend who's always trying  to get him to come to a meeting.
  Come to a Quaker meeting, friends.
  Sorry, sailing to do, we're gonna hit the seas.
  Here, I'll eliminate Toucan Sam.
  I'll eliminate Digum Frog.
  And I'll eliminate Snap, Crackle, Pop.
  We got a big one left.
  Does that narrow it down?  Oh, gosh.
  Those are all Kellogg's.
  It's too annihilating.
  People are screaming at us right now.
  Little guy.
  It's not the Rice Krispie guys.
  No, I just said Snap, Crackle, Pop.
  You said Snap, Crackle, Pop.
  Snap, Crackle, Pop.
  Sorry.
  I remain, please no one here be ashamed  because I'm amazed how well everyone's done.
  I am ashamed, though.
  I am ashamed.
  Little guy, he's a little guy.
  Oh.
  I'm gonna be.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, that's it.
  That was not said.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, fuck.
  I was gonna give you the hint.
  Something.
  Yeah.
  Or Buzz Buzz, but that one is.
  It's gonna be a little too obvious.
  What's funny is I have right here a new Trix Rabbit toy  that they've released,  retro toys for all seven of those icons.
  A Trix Rabbit who's into asphyxiation still.
  Well, I haven't opened his package,  but he's in a little 80s aerobic outfit.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Wow, for running away.
  That's great.
  That's right.
  So that's the family that we're dealing with,  and they're all kind of a gang altogether somewhere,  but I'll bring that up later.
  None of these cereals were in my house,  which is partially why I was so fascinated by all of them.
  Oh, like the distance from,  would you go to a friend's house?  Oh, no, I guess the inner Cheerios  would make an appearance, but nothing else.
  Because were you avoiding,  was the family avoiding crazy rich cereal, sugary cereal?  Yeah, it was just sugar cereal.
  We didn't have much soda in the house ever.
  Okay, sure.
  Okay.
  We had not a million,  we would go to the store and look at the cereals and stuff,  and I feel like I would usually hear,  I was like, can we get this?  And it's like, you have to finish the Apple Jacks  at home first before you get a box of corn pops.
  But there was always lots of flakes, you know?  There was always like a honey bunches of oats.
  Or a racing brand.
  Apple Jacks, or just for clarification,  was Apple Jacks considered like a better cereal  in the house, or was it just that you hadn't finished it?  Well, it was just that I think it hadn't finished.
  I think some of the sugary cereals did seem more like food.
  Like some were just fine.
  Because Apple Jacks was pure sugar.
  It was.
  But it was just as bad.
  But it said Apple, so I feel like.
  That's what I was wondering if you was like,  you have to finish your healthy Apple Jacks.
  Because my mom would do stuff like,  well, I'd be like, we want to go to McDonald's,  and she'd be like, all right,  but you have to eat a filet of fish there,  because it's healthier.
  Oh.
  And I was like, yeah, all right, fine.
  Well, that's like in these commercials,  when they show you a complete breakfast,  which is a full bowl of Count Choculo,  a full glass of orange juice, a full glass of milk,  and a couple pieces of buttered toast.
  With like full square melting all the way.
  With full square melted butter.
  I feel like at one time as a kid,  I was like, oh, I should be healthy.
  I should have a piece of toast with my cereal.
  With a ton of butter on it.
  Yeah, just with some butter.
  I watched a few commercials the other day,  and there is a quick drop off  between part of this nutritious breakfast  and part of this complete breakfast.
  At some point, they were clearly told,  you cannot say that Count Choculo  is part of a nutritious breakfast.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's not.
  Oh, fascinating.
  It's like when they brought back Fruit Brute  and stopped spelling his name Fruit,  and started spelling it F-R-U-T-E.
  Did they switch?  They switched at some point when they brought him back.
  Yeah.
  This world is full of this stuff.
  Like the sushi crab with the cave,  these weird little, these subtle things.
  You think it's like making it fun,  but in fact, it's legalese.
  It's just scoob-noo-boing.
  I love crab with a K.
  Yeah, it's not bad.
  There's a still from one of the commercials,  I forget which one it is,  it just says vitamin charged  with a picture of the cereal.
  Choose your letter.
  D-E-C, we don't care.
  That's insane.
  Well, let's get into kinda how these  rolled out a little bit,  and we can kind of like welcome each of them to the show.
  This is a post-Lucky Charms era.
  I think that seems to be the one that landed the most,  and for the General Mills family.
  So they are trying to find new fun characters,  left and right, and this gets us into the early 70s.
  And the launch was a dual launch in March 1971  of Count Chocula and Frankenberry together.
  Let me give the full intro, Count Alfred Chocula.
  I don't know in what media that was established,  but it seems to have been established.
  So Count Alfred Chocula and Frankenberry.
  Let's address these guys first.
  Do we have a strong favorite?  You're both on your shelf, Mike.
  Any particular fondnesses for these characters?  Well, yeah, but I would just say off the top of my head,  Frankenberry always as a kid was my favorite for two reasons.
  I was a Frankenstein liker, and I was a strawberry liker.
  So it was just easy.
  I was a big Frankenberry, that was always my number one.
  I think I was Frankenberry for the flavor reasons,  and also Count Chocula I think was clearly the star,  and I felt a little bad for a Frankenberry.
  Oh, well and it's kind of a night,  like when you're trying to pick a favorite muppet  or something, it feels a little boring to pick Kermit maybe.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, so you go off the beat.
  The fun sidekick.
  He looks, I really love, I mean the box you were showing us,  Mike, that replicates the old cereal box,  it's a really vibrant pink, and all his shades,  from his face to his arms to his head doodads,  which is like a little like the whistle that blows  when you're off work, those that we all,  I kind of wish we still had those in a comedy  30 Rock.
  Like a Brontosaurus tail on our way out.
  You'd feel more like an adult,  that's how what we were taught jobs were.
  And then like a little like meter on his head,  that would be on like a pool, like a pool filter.
  A seemingly like a stick of dynamite  in the side of his face, do you know what I'm talking about?  Like what are his ears?  They've got like little strands that,  it feels like you could like light his fuse.
  He's got a dynamite face.
  Oh maybe, but then I don't know what the strings are.
  Any, you're close to a big picture, Mike.
  Yeah, I'm looking at it.
  They're not really that well represented on the toy,  because they don't have any little string hanging off.
  But yeah, I don't really know.
  I think those are like, you could hook up like  jumper cables to them maybe.
  Oh, bringing back the light.
  That's what I think they are, but I could be wrong.
  He's also, are his fingernails anything, am I crazy?  Are they like strawberries?  Strawberries, cool.
  But Count Chocula clearly just has little claws.
  He just has little, you know, grabbers.
  Cause they do closeups where they're like  nudging the sweeties in the bowl.
  And Count Chocula just has like long nails,  and then it cuts to Boo Berry doing the same thing.
  And he, yeah, he clearly has strawberry fingernails.
  I like Jason is also often nudging the sweeties in the bowl.
  Just nudging the sweeties, so I get a good scoop.
  So I get a good spoonful.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And you want a good distribution  between the marshmallows and the sweeties.
  I don't think it ever occurred to me  because the change would have happened the year I was born  that I always liked Count Chocula,  often had Count Chocula in the house  cause I was a little chocolate boy.
  There, the shapes of the cereal, I always knew to be ghosts,  but that was like a big marketing change.
  That was like a big change.
  They used to just be circles with like crosses in them,  with Xs in them.
  What do you think a vampire would not care for?  Right.
  Just little garlic sweeties.
  Just little garlic sweeties.
  Did not also these characters,  I don't know if I have the chronology right,  it seems like in classic era they had pupils,  but lately as they have returned to shelves,  they have Xs for eyes.
  Well, that's because of street artist,  is it pronounced cause?  I believe it's pronounced cause.
  Yes, I was on, I watched a video  about the current run of monster cereals,  which helpfully gave out the code to enter to win  a set of the limited edition cause monster toys.
  Yes.
  Guys, we got a winner.
  Call in the room.
  I wanna win.
  No, I'm talking about myself.
  Oh, yes.
  Did you win?  I did.
  A winner of that.
  I'm really excited for them to come.
  I got the email that I won the next day  and then they said they'll arrive in 10 weeks.
  So I was like, oh, they'll be fun for the,  I was gonna bring them here,  I thought they'd be fun for Halloween,  but I'm gonna get them sometime around Christmas.
  Weird.
  Why did they not line that up better?  Wait, sorry, what did you have to do?  What did you have to do to win again?  Well, I'm just gonna do  what this YouTube channel cereal time did.
  Go to the website, callismonsters.
com  and when it prompts you for the code,  type in monsters424, one word.
  That's what this boy did.
  Yeah, so, and then you will be entered.
  You can enter once a day.
  So I have a reminder for noon to enter  and I'm just gonna keep hitting remind me tomorrow  every day so that I get reminded.
  Noon is during the episode,  so you are gonna have to do this.
  Well, but I won't see the notification  until I turn off do not disturb  until I'm done recording.
  Okay, okay, but if you need to do it.
  I think you should do it on the air.
  Oh, I can do it on the air.
  Please do, we all got clocks in front.
  We'll alert you, we'll give you the heads up.
  Okay, great.
  Cause is like, it'll be like if they're doing the X,  it's like monster cereals X cause  and he's done a Sesame Street line of clothes  at Uniqlo lately with Big Bird.
  That's the first time maybe that was on my radar  where I was like, why is Big Bird dead on this sweatshirt?  Like all the character like Bert and Ernie have X's for eyes.
  This is a call of.
  And it was like signed off on by Sesame Street,  which seems crazy.
  Yeah, yeah, it was all officially licensed.
  Yeah, you can make Big Bird dead on a shirt.
  Yeah, so that is, I guess it's just a hit.
  It's not dead, I don't think it means they're dead.
  It's just hip, but they're cool.
  It means they're cool.
  If you have X's for eyes, you're cool.
  So is the recently discussed adult happy meals,  which don't have X eyes, they have double eyes.
  That's not cause.
  I know it's not cause, but is that trying to be,  is it a fake cause?  No, that's cactus flea market.
  Cactus plant flea market.
  Cactus plant flea market.
  I don't know who.
  But is it an attempt to play into the cause vibe?  I see what Scott says, Scott is right.
  This could be, this is something we need to do  more investigating because who came first,  a cactus plant flea market or cause?  I have a feeling it is cause.
  I feel like you're right, Scott.
  Maybe the trend now is to make stuff  look a little bit fucked up.
  Yeah.
  That's how you make it adult.
  Well, in all scenes, did Kid Robot come first?  I mean, Kid Robot, of course, I believe,  was doing the vinyl toys that Disney was just like,  we're going to do this.
  Just change it from certain shapes to Mickey ears.
  Jason, would it surprise you to learn  that Kid Robot is owned by NECA?  It does surprise me to say that.
  And the company also owns Graceland.
  The Elvis?  Elvis is Graceland.
  Elvis is Elvis?  Okay.
  Okay, very strange.
  Cause also redesigned the Moon Man statue.
  The MTV.
  Oh, are they the ones who put Johnny Depp inside of it?  Yeah.
  But he has these puffy, it looks like they're wearing  ear muffs that some of the General Mills monsters,  they have these ear things going on too.
  Okay, gotcha.
  So what do you get when these arrive in December?  How many boxes?  What are you getting?  I have no idea.
  I think it's four of something.
  I don't know if they are action figures.
  I don't know if they're little erasers,  but I saw it on Bloody Disgusting.
  And I signed up and I thought like everyone won  because I did it once and they sent me an email  the next day that said you won.
  Maybe I just got really lucky.
  Oh yeah, it seems like you did get lucky.
  I think it's all four, I think it's everyone but Fruit Fruit.
  It's like whatever's out this year.
  Because that's the other thing,  monster cereals are now entirely seasonal.
  It's around Halloween and I was,  when we first started talking about this  as a potential topic a while ago,  I was in the stores going like,  where's the Count Chocula,  I don't see, isn't Count Chocula a regular cereal?  This has apparently not been year round for years.
  Oh, interesting.
  Yeah, I guess they come around enough that like,  I see them in my periphery at a target enough  that I think they're around.
  Yes, and they do a lot of stunts.
  There was like a bunch of the DC comic artists  redesigned them for a year.
  And then there was, last year there was a Monster Mash cereal  which was supposed to be all of them combined,  but was just Boo Berry and Franken Berry combined.
  What?  Marshmallows shaped like the other guys.
  Oh.
  Called Monster Mash?  Called Monster Mash, yeah.
  And they did a-  Jason, I wanna correct real quick,  Yummy Mummy is the one that's not in the Cause collection.
  Right, yeah.
  Okay.
  Because Fruit Brute is back.
  He's free, Fruit Brute is back,  Yummy Mummy is not.
  Yummy Mummy you cannot get this year, right?  Are they the same thing,  Yummy Mummy and Fruit Brute?  Well, they were never available at the same time.
  They were both kind of generic fruit,  I think when they brought Fruit Brute back,  they made it cherry flavored.
  There was a time when Fruit Brute was lime,  but that is not the case when it comes back now, I think.
  They brought all five back like five or six years ago  and I bought all five at that time.
  Oh.
  And I don't remember any major difference  between Yummy Mummy and Fruit Brute.
  Okay, okay, that was generic.
  But there was technically something,  but there wasn't anything that was very distinct.
  Is it like Fruity Pebbles where that sort of like,  whatever that flavor is, is a blanket fruit?  Yeah, I think that's probably right.
  Okay.
  But the taste is, Fruity Pebbles is like gourmet  compared to the taste of these.
  Yeah, I was gonna say,  that makes me feel like I would like it.
  Fruity Pebbles is the best cereal of all time.
  Fruity Pebbles, yeah, exactly.
  Fruit Brute, I don't think I've ever actually had.
  Huh.
  Well, tell, it sounds like maybe Mike Carlson,  you have the most experience with the eating of these.
  What report, I mean, granted,  we're mainly about the characters here,  but what can you tell us about the taste?  Here's what I think, okay, I don't remember the year,  and some of these videos have mentioned it,  and somebody pointed this out to me,  and it was a revelation to me,  is that at a certain point,  a lot of these cereals switched from oats  to complete corn syrup.
  Oh, mm-hmm.
  And it ruined the taste, I mean, not ruined,  but made the taste worse, made everything taste worse.
  So I don't know, some things like,  I remember, I've said this before,  this is maybe a five-timers.
  I've said this on the show before.
  I remember when Trix announced,  like, oh, we got new shapes or whatever,  and I ate Trix, and I went, this tastes different.
  Like, this isn't as good,  and the flavor isn't as vibrant anymore.
  So I don't know, I don't remember all that to say.
  I don't remember eating,  I don't remember the taste of these cereals  when I was a kid.
  They were probably better.
  But eating them now, I find all the taste,  all the kind of flavors pretty, I don't know,  like, not strong, like not,  it all tastes like a little watered down to me.
  It all tastes like it's a little stale,  and I don't know why that is.
  I'd still eat them, but it's not something I crave  every year as a sugar hound to get a box of.
  I like, eating marshmallows and cereal, always fun.
  Just like the idea, when you're taking a bite,  you get a little surprise.
  It's always gonna be good.
  I'm not gonna turn that down.
  But all of the cereals feel to me like they had,  oh, they only put like 50% of the flavor  that they should have put in them.
  Yeah.
 If that makes sense.
  More potent in the 70s, like drugs probably were.
  It was like, certain drugs were better in the 70s.
  Certain cereals.
  Fruity Pebbles, I would say, stood the test of time.
  That actually still tastes to me like it did  when I was a kid, and that is a strong, delicious flavor.
  Yeah.
  As someone who's not into these kinds of cereals,  I think this, I might've even had this opinion as a kid.
  I definitely had cereals here and there  with the marshmallows, the marbits.
  But when you describe, I just,  I remember it even as a kid thinking,  I know what marshmallows are like,  and then there's marbits.
  I didn't have the word then, but I knew.
  But it's helpful, because it is a different thing.
  And I think of them now, and I'm like,  these are pencil erasers.
  These, I don't think I like the texture.
  I'm soft about a marbit.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Whereas a marshmallow is soft.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
  And that turned me on.
  Maybe soft is a lot of what I want out of a marshmallow.
  But am I, is this heresy to people  who like marbits more than me?  Yes, it is heresy.
  Okay, great.
  Heresy.
  Because especially Lucky Charms as a kid,  so much of the heavy lifting was just the shapes.
  And going, oh, looking at the shapes  and seeing which one you got.
  And there is something satisfying about eating them.
  I acknowledge that they're not a tasty marshmallow.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which is a fair expectation.
  I just like, I don't know.
  It didn't give me enough of what I expected  a marshmallow to be.
  Yeah, you want it more of a kick.
  I do remember a few years ago,  buying Frankenberry when it was out and back.
  And in high school, I have a very distinct memory  of buying a box of Boo Berry,  because I was so excited.
  Because I had heard about a Frankenberry  and Boo Berry for years.
  And I'd occasionally see Frankenberry,  but I was like, oh my God, I've never seen Boo Berry.
  I have to get this.
  And that I remember being pretty good.
  But a few years ago when I bought Frankenberry,  it took me a while to get through that box.
  Okay, okay.
  Because I feel like I'm back to being child rule,  where I have raisin bran crunch in the house,  and then I have Reese's Puffs.
  The middle ground of that is,  Trader Joe's makes a flakes and granola  vanilla flavored cereal that just tastes like candy.
  It's delicious.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I had nothing but that through the pandemic.
  I was just like, this is my only breakfast  to eat from now on.
 It is, yeah.
  And there's a maple pecan one,  but that one just doesn't hit the same way.
  Totally agree.
  I had a joke on late night.
  I don't remember what the joke was,  but it was about Lucky Charms.
  And General Mills sent me a box of just marshmallow.
  Lucky Charms.
  Oh, wow.
  Oh, the dream.
  What could happen on a show?  I mean, the most incredible mail day of my life.
  And I popped a couple, they were Cheez-Its or something,  and then just tossed the box.
  I can't even hold onto this,  because I opened it, but I'm not going to eat a box  of marshmallows, marvets.
  Yeah, after a while, yeah,  and as weeks go by, what happens to those?  Maybe you should have just used it  to season dishes that you were making.
  Put it in things as you made them.
  God damn it.
  Cocktails.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Let's bring Boo Barry into the,  let's welcome Boo Barry to the show,  introduced in 1973 to expand on these two successful  characters out of the gate.
  Jason, you said some of this already,  but these animated commercials, which are very well done,  the early ones, at least Bill Melendez was involved,  who was behind the Peanuts Christmas specials  and early Peanuts stuff.
  So very reputable animators.
  These went over great.
  The deal kinda, Chocula and Frankenberry are enemies,  but they're common things, that they're scared by everything,  much like good boys.
  And then a third character introduced,  who's kind of a common, if not enemy,  then just pest to both of them.
  Yeah, the annoying neighbor, the cousin Oliver.
  But he lasted longer than cousin Oliver.
  Which I probably liked, I mean, I feel like Peter and Lori,  especially in the Looney Tunes universe,  a regular reference point.
  Yeah, there's always cartoon Peter and Lori's.
  Hearing that voice on Looney Tunes and Animaniacs,  when I first saw Casablanca, I was like,  well, I know this guy.
  I know this guy.
  And Ren and Stimpy.
  And Ren and Stimpy, yeah, that's true.
  Oh, totally, right, right.
  He might be, Bootberry might be my favorite,  just purely off of, I like the Peter and Lori thing,  and then I love the half eyes.
  I love just the glazed over,  and he just looks like somebody who's trying to smile.
  In his head, he's beaming, but he's just so sedate  that all he can do is kind of flat mouth, flat eyelids.
  I just love his kind of doofy glaze.
  I can see that.
  Yeah, Bootberry is, I can see him being,  if these were first introduced to me now,  I think him or Fruit Brute would be my favorites.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, and again, getting a little off  of the main protagonists, it's fun to like the side people.
  He's also got the backstory that I'm most interested in.
  I get how Frankenberry came to be.
  I'm like, how did Bootberry die?  Wait, well, how did Frankenberry come to be  in your estimation?  God, he's Frankenberry's monster.
  Someone constructed him, right?  Oh, to be like, we're gonna build a monster with a,  who is, who likes strawberries.
  Instead of a taste for killing and might,  it's a taste for strawberries.
  But Bootberry, yeah, wait,  so is it a dead blueberry enthusiast?  Well, is it like it's the Casper-esque?  Yeah, literally.
  Right, like his parents were ghosts,  so he was born a ghost?  Is that what happened to Casper?  Is that it?  Was Casper-  Casper was killed.
  The movie was a child who passed away.
  Who got sick.
 Yeah, who got sick.
  Yeah.
  And then he just keeps asking Christina Ricci as a ghost,  can I keep you?  Can I keep you?  This is unfinished business.
  That's stuck in Jason's head.
  That's haunted me for you.
  That's the Bootberry that haunts my mind.
  Jason said, now, Jason says that, quote,  once an episode, I think.
  Oh yeah, yeah, that's a 10-timers club.
  Or if you get free samples of sweets and cereals,  can I keep you?  Yeah, I say it to Truffles,  the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory there.
  I don't blame you for that.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  Bootberry also has a little hat,  he has a little bow tie,  but I feel like one of the articles,  there's an oral history in Mel magazine about this,  and it might've been pointed out there  that in Bootberry's first appearance,  he's got a chain.
  Similar to Jacob Marley.
  Oh yeah.
  The chains he forged in life.
  So he's evil then.
  He was keeping all the blueberries for himself  in a way Jacob Marley was.
  Kicking people out of their homes, I think.
  If they don't have anywhere to go,  they could go to the debtor's prison.
  They definitely took away Bootberry's edge as well.
  We've talked about this in many characters,  Mickey Mouse, they had edge to start with,  and then they softened it.
  Bootberry certainly had that crazy Peter Lorre voice,  and he had the chains,  and then they did make him very Casper in the 90s  when he was cross promoting the Casper movies,  the direct to DVD sequels, or direct to VHS sequels.
  Casper meets Wendy with Hillary.
  Yeah.
  Casper was on the box,  which I hate to get,  I saw a picture, I sent this to you guys,  Tony the Tiger Avatar serial.
  Oh, this is related, go for it.
  This supposedly exists right now,  and I've been looking for it,  and I can't find it in the Southern California area,  so if I haven't by this time,  if somebody can tweet at me locations in Southern California  where I can get this, I need it.
  Wait, and the box art is like Tony the Tiger as a Navi?  Yes, dressed up.
 That's incredible.
  Yeah, wait, his physical makeup has not changed.
  Remind us.
 Right, right.
  He has not gone into,  Tony the Tiger has not gone into the Avatar program.
  He's not in the machine, okay.
  Although it should be one of these sequels,  why not? Yeah, sure.
  Let me see, I just wanna see a picture of the box here.
  Is this, this isn't even like a Google search.
  I saw this on one, unless somebody is really screwing  with me or screwing with the public.
  Our audience noticed it, I know that.
  Our audience is aware.
  But wait, are the flakes blue?  How else does the Avatar theme manifest?  There's sweeties, aren't there blue sweeties?  Navi sweeties.
  I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking.
  Mighty sweeties.
  Okay, this is, unless somebody made this up,  it says family size Avatar with the Avatar logo.
  Tony the Tiger is there, he's got a blue Avatar bandana,  and it says over the frosted flakes,  it says Pandora flakes.
  They cross it out.
  This could be completely fake,  and God bless them if it is.
  It doesn't start, it's not alliterative, it doesn't rhyme.
  Got nothing there.
  I really hope that, I could be getting fooled,  and I love being fooled, so kudos if you fooled me.
  Is this a big prank?  Is it a commentary on how it would be a little weird  if there was a lot of like food Avatar,  we don't know what the Avatar promotional effort  is gonna be really, if there is much.
  Hmm, we'll see.
  Well look, I've fallen for the Mickey Rooney  potato restaurant at least twice, so you know.
  It happens to the best of us.
  We want to believe, we're Fox Mulders here,  we want to believe.
  We want to believe.
  Let me bring something into the,  this is sort of Boo Berry related,  but it's kind of the aftermath of the commercial.
  It's not really, but it's themed after him.
  Jordan, if you could pull up the clip Boo Prize,  is the label.
  A lot of these commercials have that format  of the animated part is a little rushed,  and then there is the tail of it,  where there's the prize that you can get in the box,  and this one is, this is so delightful to me.
  And look and listen to this.
  A Boo Hooter.
  Boo your friends with crazy hoots.
  Four different colored Boo Hooters,  so you can make a Boo Hooter band.
  One free in specially marked boxes of Boo Berry.
  Boo your friends.
  Boo your friends with crazy hoots.
  I was talking about this with my wife last night,  that we gotta do some,  we gotta do some breaking down of the roots of the,  boo is the verb, but hoots is the,  so hooting is what you do with a Boo Hooter,  except wait, no, you boo them with hoots.
  I'm not sure which is which.
  I'm pretty, I am lost in the magic of this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That might be, Mike,  that might be what you're getting in the box,  in 10 weeks.
  If it's a Boo Hooter, I mean, I'll be thrilled.
  Boo my friends.
  Yeah.
  Hey guys, can you get in here?  But it's the cause version of a Boo Hooter.
  Just got no pupils or something.
  Wait, cause figured out a way to reinvent Boo Hooters.
  I never thought I could boo my friends  with crazy hoots like this.
  Boo Hooters, that is the time where it's like,  that is a type of prize where it's like broke  and people got chunks of it in the cereal  and they're like, all right,  well we're putting it next to the bag now.
  We're not putting it in the bag of cereal.
  It looks exactly like a broken piece of this  is as fake looking as the sweeties.
  So yeah, you'd chew a Boo Hooter.
  Yeah.
  Get stuck in your throat and then all you can,  all of your talking is booing and hooting.
  They're also working overtime  to make that a spooky prize.
  Like it's a kazoo.
  You should be like, start a band with your friends.
  Start a monster.
  It's like scare the shit out of them with this Boo Hooter.
  Yeah.
  The scariest sound.
  I guess when you get all ready for it,  I'm gonna fuck my mom up today.
  Just wait.
  I'm gonna right at the top of the stairs.
  She's gonna regret buying me this cereal.
  Oh no.
  Is that what happens in Garden State?  With a bomb.
  No.
  Oh, then with a dishwasher, he does a Boo Hooter.
  You need to let go of this dad.
  It happened, okay?  I blew my Boo Hooter.
  You gotta get this song, you'll change your life  and it's just a Boo Hooter.
  That's what the headphones play.
  Food, food.
  The shins are one of those reputable Boo Hooter bands.
  They were just a bunch of friends who wanted to boo and hoot.
  All brought their Boo Hooters and started jamming.
  Sub Pop, the head of Sub Pop was walking by.
  Hoots Too Narrow, the original.
  There's that Tom and Jerry movie where they're  watching the Wizard of Oz happen.
  There should be a Garden State animated version  where just Boo Barry is watching all of it play out.
  Oh, don't push her, really open dishwasher.
  And influencing everything that happens.
  That's the origin.
  Didn't he grow up in the early 70s?  Isn't it possible that Boo Barry is Zach Pfeffer's  dead mother?  Very possible.
  That's the next story, great.
  I think that's right.
  Who knew these universes tied together so seamlessly?  Oh boy, okay, so we've tackled that one, now we know.
  But now we move on to number four,  who is maybe the toughest nut to crack  and that is Fruit Brute.
  Fruit Brute is where, what monster comes next?  Well, it's gotta be Wolfman, that's the big one left.
  But he is a colorful, fruit-oriented Wolfman.
  Yes, Brute specifically.
  A Brute who does not, if you just heard the name,  you might not picture a Wolfman offhand  and he's back in Mike's frame.
  He's a lot of fun, he's got sort of,  I mean this is a Sid and Marty Croft character  and color scheme, we're getting 70s psychedelic.
  He's great and that name is perfect.
  You're gonna go to Wolfman regardless  because that's like Dracula, Frankenstein, Wolfman.
  And Fruit Brute, someone must have been thrilled  when they realized that that rhymed.
  It's pretty good, yeah.
  Because what else, I don't know how else  you're gonna make Wolfman.
 What other flavor  are you gonna do and what other monster are you gonna do?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, I mean we ended up with Yummy Mummy,  that's a clean rhyme, but it's less inventive  than Fruit Brute.
  Yummy Mummy, it is a little crass,  but that, I heard that as like a predecessor to MILF,  calling someone a Yummy Mummy.
  Oh.
  I remember an adult saying that to me  about a friend of my mom's when I was a child,  I don't know, even at 12 I was like,  we shouldn't be having this conversation.
  No.
  Yeah, it's a Yummy Mummy.
  But wait, this is about your mom?  A friend of my mom's, a female friend  and then an adult's like, that's a Yummy Mummy.
  Oh my God.
  It's gonna be like, hell yeah, baby.
  If my son overhears this about.
  That did not make it into Tarantino movies  and the way that Fruit Brute is in the background,  but you would think.
  Oh yes, hey wait, I got the still of that.
  Let's pull that up.
  There's a couple stills.
  Tarantino.
  Yeah, two.
  Yeah, here we go, Circled.
  In both Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction,  there's a thing that ties them both together,  a box of Fruit Brute, one in Tim Roth's apartment  in Reservoir Dogs and then it's Eric Stoltz  in the place where the dreaded injection occurs,  which maybe that, I don't know what's in the adrenaline  exactly, but maybe it's liquefied fruit.
  Fruit Brute.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just need to stick you with a needle full of sweetie.
  Pure liquid sweetie.
  So that's, which is in that very,  what a time the 90s were, this is just something  that Gen X all decided was cereals are fun,  a big facet of Seinfeld, I feel, and Tarantino evidently.
  Yeah, then this was a good reference back then.
  This was like, oh wow, this guy really knows his cereals.
  Unexplored in films that are already full  of a lot of nostalgia and food talk  and then there's little Easter eggs  that I didn't know about these.
  I didn't know about Fruit Brute's presence.
  Yeah, I didn't realize that either.
  I don't know, Tarantino's got a podcast now.
  He has, I don't think, I have not heard every episode,  but he is, I don't think he's addressed  the Fruit Brute appearances.
  I imagine, they're probably all like six hours long, right?  They're longer.
  I think, yeah, are they longer than some podcasts,  the ride episodes about, you know,  like a kiosk in a mall somewhere?  I don't know, but they are pretty long  and he obviously has a lot of thoughts,  but I would be interested in a three hour episode  of him just rambling about Fruit Brute.
  Maybe we could get him on to just talk Fruit Brute.
  We don't make him do it.
  We're not gonna talk about your movie.
  We're not gonna pester you with questions.
  It's all, yeah.
  He was very, they had a,  Paul Scheer and Amy Nicholson interviewed him  and Roger Avery and he had a lot of thoughts  about movie theater candy.
  Oh, I bet he does, yeah.
  The New Beverly, the repertory theater he bought  has a very good concession stand.
  Oh yeah.
  Very good candy selection.
  Not expensive either.
  Very inexpensive, but like you can still get snowcaps there.
  You can still get cherry Coke there.
  I think you can get White Castle hamburgers there.
  You might be able to get a microwave  White Castle hamburger.
 They have like real  like diner coffee there too.
  Really? Yeah.
  Wow, just good old basic, wow.
  This is sort of like, it's kind of a Tarantino restaurant  or kind of a Tarantino themed experience in a way.
  Like the clothes, because there has not been like a pop-up.
  Have they ever done like the, you know,  some version of the restaurant from Pulp Fiction,  the like nostalgia?  I feel like somebody unofficially has done it  and it's always, you can like smell  the not authenticity on it.
  I could be wrong, but it's always like,  this Tarantino bar and you're like,  eh, I think this isn't like.
  I would be thrilled for you guys if you got Tarantino  to come on and talk about Fruit Fruit.
  It probably would not do much for my general  Mills Monsters episode.
  Yes, suddenly, oh no.
  Yeah, that's the last thing we want is to dwarf.
  We'll delete this episode if he comes on.
  If you can do it, do it.
  Doesn't apply anymore, doesn't it?  It seems unlikely to me.
  This, as far as I'm concerned, this is the Fruit Brutes.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  He might be down if we make it easy on him.
  No, no, no, this, look, you are reigning supreme  in the Fruit Brute episode as far as I'm concerned.
  What else about Fruit, I don't know  whether to call him Fruit or Brute.
  I mean, he suffers from not having  a specific flavor identity.
  This is the issue.
  The Fruit Brute name is too good to lose,  but it's just, it's so general.
  And again, the flavor itself is not Fruity Pebbles level.
  So he just, he's always going to flounder, I think,  because of that.
  I think, I don't know what to do  because Fruit Brute is too good of a name to let go,  but they either have to make it just taste like Fruity Pebbles  or figure out a way where each year  he cycles through a different fruit or something.
  This year he's apricot, Fruit Brute is apricot.
  They gotta do something to give him a good gimmick.
  I agree that it would be great if it tasted like  Fruity Pebbles, but Fruit Loops and Fruity Pebbles  are just as vague a description as Fruit Brute is.
  Yes, absolutely.
  I'm just, I don't know what to do here.
  I'm trying to help my guy out.
  He's an underdog.
  Yeah, kind of, in the dog family.
  Underdog, yeah, that one.
  So yeah, I think that's a big thing  because Count Chocula, Boo Berry,  Frankenberry, flavors, you know the flavors.
  Oh, Frankenberry I'll say not necessarily.
  Yeah, I didn't know.
  Okay, that's true, you're right, you're right in the name,  but the flavor itself is distinctly strawberry.
  Yeah, and we're early, I think it was Count Chocula,  I saw the first chocolate cereal on the market.
  Maybe.
  Wow.
  And I think Frankenberry, kind of an early,  strawberry cereal.
  And Boo Berry, definitely the first blueberry cereal.
  Yeah, but then, yeah Fruit Brute and Yummy Mummy after,  the characters are fun, the designs are good,  but they just don't hit,  they don't have the cereal backing them up.
  Yeah, it's the flavor, it's all the flavor I think.
  I like the choice of, all right, this one's cherry now.
  It's like, okay, well that's at least a little more clear.
  I don't know how good it is.
  Oh yeah, I do have clarity on the change that happened.
  Fruit Brute was lime, now is cherry,  Fruity Yummy Mummy, they had to kind of insert  Fruity unofficially.
 That's also converted some.
  Yeah, yeah, too many,  but otherwise Yummy Mummy tells you nothing.
  But, wait a minute, but when it was called  Fruity Yummy Mummy, it was vanilla, so that doesn't work.
  That doesn't work, yeah, for lots of reasons.
  Was that just the marshmallows were vanilla?  Or the sweeties?  I do not have information on whether it was marbets  or sweeties.
 Okay.
  Now it is orange cream, which is also not a fruit.
  Orange is, but not orange cream.
  So it's confused identity, something that Count Chocolat  certainly does not, you know exactly what it is.
  Can we talk about the unmade?  Did you come across the story of one of the artists  or designers in the late 90s,  they were considering adding another monster  and one artist was like really pitching,  Peter Bregman really had some pitches.
  Jordan, can you bring up that picture I sent?  Here we go.
  Some pitches of like who some of the other monsters  could be and kind of shows how like they had some  difficulty after you got past the first few guys.
  Like, okay, what's the next monster?  How do we do this?  Okay, very great.
  Ooh, okay.
  These are good though.
  Yeah, so these are, I mean, the drawings are nice,  but the names start to fall apart.
  You've got Berry Patra, which is supposed to be Cleopatra.
  Wait a minute, but we're looking at like,  this is a mummy.
  Cleopatra is not a mummy, get out of here.
  It's a mummified kind of Egyptian thing.
  Yeah.
  Cleopatra is dead, I'll give you that.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  Next to her, Dr.
 Jekyll Berry.
  All right, he's got a cool design.
  I think the design would be carrying him.
  The other two I think are stronger, Phantom Berry.
  Phantom Berry though just looks exactly like Darkwing Duck  with no duck face.
  Oh, that's scary.
  Yeah, and then Bride of Frankenberry.
  So, you know, that might be the clearest sequel,  but she's not really pinkish  in the way that Frankenberry is pinkish.
  She has a strawberry head like he has strawberry fingernails.
  But I don't know, what does everyone think?  Do you have favorites?  I mean, it would be nice to get a female monster.
  I don't get it.
  Was Bride of Frankenberry also gonna be strawberry?  That seems like a wasted opportunity.
  I think it was gonna be like mixed berry.
  Oh, okay.
  Or like-  Oh, you know what you do-  They gotta change her strawberry head then.
  Yeah.
  Yes, I was about to say,  maybe it's a bunch of grapes stacked up.
  That gets you the height of Bride of Frankenstein.
  You maybe start looking like Marge Simpson a little,  so that's tricky, but-  But grapes not berries.
  Grape's not berries.
  Marge Simpson.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  Oh, so a bunch of raspberries stacked up.
  Then the color's not so Margeish.
  But then that looks like something's like,  she has a disease, I think.
  It's a big growth.
  Something looks wrong.
  I mean, I guess it all looks a little weird,  but like, I don't know.
  Raspberries are like, I guess strawberries are furry too.
  I guess you don't have to draw the fur on the raspberries.
  I'm thinking of very specific,  realistic raspberries on a woman's head.
  I can't imagine they would be.
  There's a way that,  so we're thinking Bride of Frankenberry is salvageable.
  Of all of these kinds of-  Well, it just makes the most sense.
  I mean, we're not taking any major swings on this one,  but that's the one that makes at least thematic sense.
  I like the design of Dr.
 Jekyllberry,  but aren't you kinda just attaching berry  to Dr.
 Jekyll, you know?  Well, I mean, that also needs to do something.
  I'm not impressed with a lot of these.
  Like, remember the Nintendo cereal  that was like half the box was Mario  and half the box was Legend of Zelda?  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  Dr.
 Jekyll and Mr.
 Hyde needs to have  two separate chambers for two separate chambers.
  Great idea, perfect.
  Yes.
  Or like a container of nerds.
  The milk turned into a different color.
  Yeah, exactly, like container of nerds.
  Yeah, Dr.
 Jekyllberry,  we need to see what Mr.
 Hydeberry looks like.
  That's right.
  Yes, that's the key.
  Yeah.
  And he also, his design looks closer  to Victor Frankenstein than Dr.
 Jekyll, so.
  Oh, true, yeah, yeah.
  A lot of confusion.
  Now, if they made him look like Russell Crowe's Dr.
 Jekyll  from the Dark Universe, I'd like that.
  The head of the secret organization, as there always is.
  This is also becoming, I feel like you are a little,  yeah, I think you like the Dark Universe.
  I'm very curious.
  I cannot remember what the ending of The Mummy is.
  I think you like the Dark Universe, too.
  But I am very intrigued by how much legwork they did  with the Dark Universe.
  Is this gonna become?  He loves the Mummy movies, the Brendan Fraser Mummy movies.
  Yeah.
  Those are his favorite movies.
  And I think him coming out recently and going like,  that Tom Cruise Mummy didn't seem very fun.
  You know, ours were fun.
  That's what I can say about them.
  And he's like, well, he's got you there, you know?  The key to mummies, I guess.
  Look, we've talked a lot about flavor profiles  and berry identities and who has a clear one  and who doesn't.
  And Frankenberry, well, Mike, you said maybe not so clear  because we don't know what.
  But if you look at them, you can figure out it's strawberry.
  But this had a dark side, basically.
  I think we maybe all landed on a-  We're all benign dark side as the study calls it.
  Ultimately, yes.
  But I was excited, Mike, when you DMed about this finding  because I hadn't stumbled on this yet.
  Maybe I'll just read what you sent me.
  It's just kind of the plain statement, which is,  in February, 1972, Frankenberry cereal included  an indigestible pigment that turned  some children's feces pink,  a symptom sometimes referred to as Frankenberry stool.
  Yikes.
  Christ almighty.
  Frankenberry pink poop.
  Oh my God.
  It seems like it was very bright, too.
  I think it has to be to cut through the murky color of poop  and turn it all the way pink.
  I will say this.
  This is still happening because I ate Trix  to get that Trix toy I showed you.
  And I swear to you, my poop was green.
  Oh no.
  Oh yeah.
  I ate that purple and green Halloween cake at Disneyland.
  Oh yeah, you were?  Yeah.
  Yeah, there's some colors.
  I said this on the show before.
  There was a Burger King, like a special Icy  they were doing maybe 20 years ago,  and it was like black, the black Icy you would get.
  And I had it, and I shit neon blue.
  From a black Icy?  It was insane.
  It was either neon green or neon blue.
  And I remember not putting two and two together.
  It felt like forever, just looking down  and going, what is wrong?  But also it was a really, it was,  I wanted, it was a fun color for your shit to be.
  So it wasn't alarming in the way of like,  you know this cannot be something,  something exterior, it has to be from outside of your body  because your body does not make the color  that's in the bowl right now when I'm looking at it.
  Right, like neon anything.
  Yeah, no, your body's not making neon.
  I would steal your eyes from the toilet  because it's so bright.
  I don't know if I would find that fun.
  Your liver is not, yeah, your liver,  they're never like, oh no, your liver is producing  like neon bile or whatever your liver does.
  Like that's so, yeah.
  So I was like, what is going on?  And then I remembered, oh, you had a,  like you had a special Icy from Burger King.
  Yeah.
  But I'm impressed you put that together  because it was a black slushy and you were like,  oh, well that's why my shit's neon blue.
  Oh yeah, color wheel.
  Yeah, that adds up.
  Yeah.
  Oh, okay.
  Black plus the color of your intestines equals neon blue.
  I have a quote here from Jordan V.
 Payne,  the pediatrician and author of the study  benign red pigmentation of stool  resulting from food coloring in a new breakfast cereal,  the Frankenberry stool.
  One of my favorites.
  Yeah, it's a great study.
  Yeah, he went off.
  He snapped when he wrote this study,  but he said, I forget the name of the cereal,  frankincense or Frankenstein stew.
  This is just something like that.
  But it turned the boys stool red.
  And then I wrote a small entry on it  in the journal of American Academy of Pediatrics.
  No, this is just him talking to Mel magazine.
  But I just love his contempt of like, I don't know,  what do kids eat?  Frankenstein stew?  Frankenstein stew.
  Yeah, this little asshole was eating frankincense  and turned his shit red.
  They have a tendency to do that.
  These kids and their colorful stews, they can't stay away.
  You need to eat a nutritious breakfast.
  You can't have pink stew.
  I mean, it's a bummer for General Mills  because like I did not search for that information.
  It's on their very sparse Wikipedia page.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Not a ton of other information other than a paragraph.
  It gets a lot of space.
  It's front and center.
  But the thing is like, kind of like Mike was saying,  like, if you know it's coming,  it could almost be a feature, not a bug.
  Like it's kind of fun.
  Yeah.
  If you know that that's gonna happen.
  One of the ways.
  But if you're like, is that blood?  Like, why is it pink?  If you're like, what does this happen with?  Like beets sometimes turn your, I guess,  and I know that's coming if I have a lot of beets.
  Beets, icing, like grocery store,  if you buy a birthday cake there, that icing might do it.
  Like blue or green icing.
  Well, some of this happens because of, it's dyes.
  I mean, that's the common element in all of this.
  If you eat a bunch of dye.
  But, okay, wait, let me go through this in order a little bit.
  This might've been the doctor who you were,  oh yes, this is Dr.
 Payne.
  Okay, we're back to Dr.
 Payne.
  Children love being taken to a pediatrician.
  Well, is he nice?  Well, yeah, the general mills consider was like,  Dr.
 Payne, we'd like you to help us.
  We'd like you to help us with a new endeavor.
  You bring in nurse sharp tools.
  We've got a licorice flavored cereal  that kids are just gonna revile.
  So they did, this was this,  this started with a 12 year old boy in Maryland  and people didn't know what was happening.
  The parents didn't know what was happening.
  They were very alarmed.
  And then they figured out, oh wait, what did he eat?  Huh, well, what did, okay, here's what we're gonna do.
  We're gonna clear out his system  and then we're going to give him,  Dr.
 Payne will feed him four entire bowls of Frankenberry.
  That is all he will have.
  And then said Dr.
 Payne,  the stool had no abnormal odor  but it looked like strawberry ice cream.
  God, which kind of like,  isn't there a thing in South Park  where there's the taco that poops ice cream?  Like they see a figure for like a imaginary figure.
  So that's kind of nice.
  Like say if you could poop strawberry ice cream.
  He also gained the system where it's like,  okay, you can only eat Frankenberry for the next three days.
  Like I would love to tell my mom,  I think I have Frankenberry stool.
  I can only eat Frankenberry for science.
  I have no choice.
  They need me.
  The doctor said he was gonna put.
  It's my scientific duty.
  I also love that you said people couldn't figure it out  as if it was the whole town's problem.
  My son's shit is pink.
  They like got door to door showing it.
  What do you think it is?  Yeah, a Simpson's town hall style meeting  where everyone comes out.
  Did you hear about the Murphy boy?  Oh no.
  That's Frankenberry stool.
  It's Frankenberry stool.
  This is the talk of the town.
  Just wanna update everyone.
  It's 1203.
  I did enter.
  Oh!  I did enter with one hand, with a dog on my lap.
  Garfield has joined the conversation.
  The shivering dog in the other hand.
  He's shivering.
  Sometimes he does this for attention.
  He's got a flannel shirt on and was on a blanket.
  I don't think he's actually cold.
  Well, Jason, if you're anything like me,  refresh your email at 1210 and you'll be aware.
  That's exciting.
  Wow, that quick?  Oh my God, just seven minutes away for listeners.
  Stop any.
  I gotta do this too.
  I gotta submit this.
  Any sentence, just say whoever's talking.
  Hey, fuck off for a second.
  Shut up, shut up.
  We got.
  Shut up, shut up.
  Okay.
  Maybe by then we'll be done with dyes and children's stool.
  We'll be on to the blood libel section.
  Oh no.
  Yeah, I did see that.
  Let's cap that one.
  Oh God.
  So Frankenberry's stool does not happen anymore though, right?  It doesn't because they narrowed it down to  there's two dyes in this cereal  where Frankenberry's strawberry hue came from,  so this is from Atlas Obscura.
  Red dyes numbers two and three.
  Number two was banned in the US in 1976,  not long after all of this happened,  after it was tenuously linked to cancer and rats.
  But for decades you could find it in everything,  from ice cream to hot dog casings.
  The giving you cancer seems like the bigger problem.
  Yeah, than the poop.
  Than the pink poop.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's pretty bad.
  Well then, so yeah, if that sounds like a calm reaction,  actually it was an extremely strong reaction  because it was Soviet scientists who figured this,  but wait, although in 1971, Soviet scientists figured out  that red number two caused cancer.
  1971, also the year that Frankenberry launched  and just ran long enough to turn kids' stool pink.
  So the message did not come all the way  from the Soviet Union.
  Well, yeah, who are you gonna trust,  our fine American cereal manufacturers  or Nikita Khrushchev, you know?  1971.
  Fine boys at General Mills every day.
  Yeah.
  That's right.
  I'm eating my country, I'm eating this big cereal, damn it.
  But so then once the word got out,  then there was a bit of an overreaction against the dye  because then red dye was just for boating for a long time  and such that red M&Ms were not around for like a decade.
  And they didn't even have red number two,  but just something about the most famous red dyed item  maybe like that just feels too weird, right?  So I guess in the 70s, you could not get red M&Ms.
  Kind of weird.
  That's weird, yeah.
  I looked this up just now and it's like, oops, all berries.
  Captain Crunch gives you green poop now.
  Okay, oh, okay.
  I think blueberry might still,  because not all, this was the dye that took the hit.
  The other one I mentioned, red number three, still around,  still in cake decorating gels.
  It's apparently a little dose of it  is not gonna do anything to your poop,  but if you ate only red number three,  you would have purely pink poop.
  So don't.
  I wanna see, I wish there was a photo of it  because I just wanna see how much ice cream it looked.
  I wanted to see if it was just like people never.
  Could we do gender reveals with these?  Like really foul.
  Eat a bunch of blueberry, eat a bunch of Frankenberry.
  Every guest at the party, wait, okay,  how do you do it without, oh wait, no,  it can't be the guests, because then they would know,  because they know what they ate.
  So another party.
  Like a doctor would need to say,  don't tell your husband,  but eat a bunch of Frankenberry tonight.
  Whoa, I got an idea, I got an idea.
  You get a great, okay, you get a Great Dane  and you feed it one of the cereals.
  A dog, that's an incredible idea.
  And then you have it, time it so the Great Dane  does it on the lawn in front of all the guests.
  This is an incredible idea.
  And that's how you say which gender the baby is.
  So animals now have to be involved.
  They have to be.
  Can you trust, there's no other way.
  No other way.
  But is it? Or I guess you could do it,  okay, okay, plus it up.
  You rent a stork.
  Oh.
 Rent, okay.
  Feed a stork a bunch of blueberry?  You feed a stork whichever Frankenberry or blueberry  and then the stork shits on the lawn  in front of all the guests.
  The beginning.
  That is how we know storks deliver babies  is by shitting them out with it.
  Exactly.
  They don't just deliver, storks poop the babies.
  Squat on the crib, shit out a baby.
  Plops out, covered in fluid representing the then gender.
  Oh God, I like that the beginning of this.
  It was shitting out black for a couple days  and I thought I had accidentally fed it an icy from her.
  But it was just amniotic fluid, it's normal.
  Okay, okay, everything's fine now.
  Until she gets a hold of the Frankenberry.
  Yeah, were you concerned she had Frankenberry stool?  I say yes, to be honest I was.
  Wasn't pink though, that'd be the.
  Not pink, yeah.
  The first, a baby's poop, as Scott I think  said on this podcast is like tar.
  They poop tar for a few days.
  Yeah, they have an initial that.
  And it was also strange  because you were mostly exclusively feeding her boobberries.
  So why would she have Frankenberry stool?  Yeah, no breast milk, no formula, just solid boobberry.
  Just feeding a baby.
  She's gotta get a sense of what house she landed in.
  You need to know that.
  You need to know this now.
  Learn everything about your dad right now.
  A similar thing happened in the 80s  with the cereal Smurfberry Crunch,  which if you can imagine turned people's poop blue.
  Then they changed the formula  and released it as Magic Berry cereal.
  But I guess maybe Smurfs wanted out of the breakfast game  after that incident.
  Dear God, anyway we still have plenty of dyes.
  Because apparently, on the flip side, Europe won't,  you can still get red number two in Europe.
  So you can do all the pink pooping you want in Europe.
  But they banned something called red number 40  that we still have plenty here.
  So kids, you can find a way to shit strawberry ice cream  if you want it bad enough.
  Jason, you gotta go to Europe.
  You've been saying it.
  Well, I don't know because there was a news story,  like an oddly enough news story a while back  about a bakery getting in trouble  for importing sprinkles from America.
  And they're like, the sprinkles we have here are bullshit.
  So that might be enough to cross out the entire continent.
  Yeah, that'll cross out the continent.
  So I don't know what fucked up sprinkles  they're dealing with there.
  I need some good, wholesome American sprinkles.
  Until I know I can get sprinkles of decent quality,  Europe is dead to me.
  It's 1210, it's 1210.
  Any, I'll just interrupt myself.
  Yeah, yeah, what's going on?  Let me refresh my email.
  I don't think there has been.
  Okay, while you do that, Jordan, can I ask for,  I think live action count is the-  Can I ask for not?  Oh, God.
  Yeah, that's fair, that's fair.
  Here, let's just get a quick flash like Bloody Mary.
  Oh, man.
  What I'm showing everyone right now  is the one instance in 1991  of a live action Count Chocula.
  I don't think there were live actions  of any of these characters, and this is why.
  It is a, this is the most Duracell family  frightening prosthetic, and does everyone,  well, anyone jump in and say what you think of his chin.
  What does his chin resemble to anyone?  He looks, hmm.
  Make that chin clap, King.
  Yeah.
  That chin's gonna shit out some blueberry stool.
  It is, it is, it does look like a seat, I will agree.
  Big seat.
  But it also looks like balls.
  Like truck nuts, yeah, like truck nuts.
  You guys went to butts.
  Over exaggerated balls.
  You went to seats, I went to, yeah, big droopy balls.
  He's a ball face.
  This is not.
  Count Chocula has droopy balls hanging off his chin.
  So, not good, this was not a good,  these characters were meant to be animated  and stay animated, I think.
  Any updates, Jason?  No updates so far.
  Oh, boy, okay.
  You want me to try?  We know Mike's got the magic touch.
  The magic touch, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay, what else is, well maybe, let's see.
  I can talk a little bit about,  because kind of the holy grail with characters like this  is if there's any other media of them  outside of just them smiling on a box.
  And there's the commercials and the commercials are fun.
  So I was trying to figure out,  is there other multimedia ways  to experience these characters?  I'm a little disappointed in my results  relating to any music made by these characters.
  Yeah.
  There have been a few things.
  In the 70s, you could get in your box maybe,  assuming you didn't swallow it and choke on it,  a Monsters Adventure record.
  One of them is called Monster Adventures in Outer Space.
  One of them is called Count Chocula Goes to Hollywood.
  One of them is called The Monsters Go Disco.
  And this is, I'll tell you why I'm disappointed,  because in The Monsters Go Disco,  the original three are all surrounding a record player  and there's musical notes coming out  and they're all kind of dancing.
  And see, any, even just a still iteration  of Boo Berry dancing is wonderful, it's very cute.
  But these were like spoken words, basically.
  These were like sketches, yeah.
  They were like sketches, right, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so you're not getting,  I wanna hear him sing, obviously.
  Did anyone listen to these enough to know what happened?  I listened to all of them, yeah.
  Anything notable?  I think Monster Adventures in Outer Space  is probably the strongest.
  I think so, too.
  Yeah.
  What is the,  what are the highlights?  What's their adventure like?  Well, Frankenberry wants to rescue his teddy bear  and they go to the planet of teddy bears.
  Okay.
  But Mike, do you have anything?  It's kind of a twist at the end.
  I'm sorry, I don't even remember the twist,  but they go to space kinda accidentally, right?  Accidentally, they ride a marshmallow.
  Oh, he's floated away.
  Yeah, they ride a marshmallow rocket  and it all turns out to be a dream.
  All turns out to be a dream.
  Yeah, the teddy bear.
  It's a cop out.
  Yeah, it's a cop out.
  It's a kind of a cop out.
  It's a kind of a scene elsewhere ending.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I remember liking,  I just don't understand,  I'm surprised it took them so long  to get to just Monster Mash cereal,  which they did a couple years ago.
  When you have harmless monsters,  the fun to do is they have a party  and they sing a song,  like sing rock and roll music.
  Yes.
  And they did record.
  They did cover a version of Monster Mash.
  Yeah, and they did a fake behind the music  band reuniting thing.
  Is that still around?  Is that viewable?  I was on a site where it,  okay, okay.
  Oh, it was produced by a friend  I used to work with at Funny or Die  and I looked for it yesterday  and it was named the video Private.
  Who's that?  What's the name, if you don't mind?  The bobey outed.
  Rob Hatch Miller?  Oh yeah, we know Rob, yeah.
  Rob came to our live show recently, yeah.
  Oh, that's something to add.
  I think it's a feather in his cap.
  Oh yeah, I was kind of proud.
  I wasn't asked to work on it.
  Right.
  Oh yeah, to put words, that's right.
  You love the characters to put words in their mouth.
  That's how I kind of knew who all the extended  General Mills family was,  because a lot of them show up in it.
  Oh, they make little, this sounds fun.
  There's another commercial where all the boxes  are lined up.
  It might have been when you got those Beanie Beans,  but you could see all the guys you could get.
  Okay, okay.
  Well, so I mean, the little albums don't really give you  what you want necessarily.
  They're also, throughout the years, in the 2000s,  there was also a CD included called  13 Days of Halloween Rhythm and Booze.
  And it has an intro from Count Chocula,  but then a lot of it is just spooky Halloween sounds  to like play at your house for when Trick or Treaters come out,  which is a good thing to put in this cereal for sure.
  But I was disappointed that none of the songs  are by the monsters.
  And in fact, what you get instead is  a track by the Baja Men called It's Spooky in Here,  and another track by the Baja Men called  It's Spooky in Here, bonus Junkanoo mix.
  I don't know what differentiates the Junkanoo mix  from the original.
  Was this one you sent away for,  or in the box there was a CD?  That seems like a generous,  even if it's not exactly what you were hoping for,  that's a nice prize.
  Ooh, that I'm not sure of.
  I guess, yeah, if it's just in the box, that is pretty big.
  I don't know, yeah, might've had to get lucky.
  Step up from the Hoot Blower, whatever those were.
  I'd say so, yeah, because that requires you  to make all your, to boo your own hoots,  but the Baja Men booed hoots for you.
  So, disappointed by that, but then there is a little bit of,  basically, hey, the thing that we're after in the show  is ostensibly about theme parks.
  There was a theme park way to meet just Count Chocula.
  And for this, there's a little bit of repeated material,  because we go back now to the episode we did about Opryland,  an episode with Jesse Farrar, an audience, I'm so sorry,  we have to even talk about this again.
  The most villainous guest in the history of the show,  because he briefly said he didn't like theme parks  and then was otherwise great and funny.
  Loved the reaction to it, thanks everyone, appreciated it.
  So anyways, maybe someday I won't be annoyed,  but you think they'll ever be,  is this just me or Mike and Jason, how do you feel?  Oh, well, I don't think it's funny, I don't know.
  Yeah, we were all insane around that time  the episode came out.
  I think it's funny that everyone was like,  was it election stress?  Is that what you're saying?  It might have been election stress.
  I also think it's funny,  because I think when we were talking about  originally doing this podcast five years ago,  I think we were like, and then we'll often have  people that don't like it and we'll talk to them  and what they don't like about theme parks,  and that's the closest we've ever come to it,  and it was so mild, it's funny to see.
  And there was a revolt.
  Is anybody being like, let's go.
  I have never, never heard,  the boys have crossed the line for the last time.
  So anyway, it's possible that you did not finish  the episode because you vomited all over your phone.
  Then I don't mind saying that you could meet  the Breakfast Buddies, and when I was quizzing you guys  at the beginning, part of that was because,  let's establish who all is together,  who you could meet, like the Big Five at Disneyland,  and Jordan, I think there's a photo, this one,  there we go.
 There they are.
  The Big G Breakfast Buddies, there they are.
  So this lineup, oh, I apologize.
  I did not include Frankenberry.
  You could meet Frankenberry.
  This is some great 70s Schoolhouse Rock kind of art  that indicates that you can meet Frankenberry,  Count Chocula, and non-spooky mascots,  the Trix Rabbit, and Honey Nut B,  who today is known as Buzz, but at the time,  I guess they had not given him that name.
  My takeaway from this photo that we're looking at  is they made a choice with Honey Nut B,  which is to make him like Ralph Wiggum.
  He's like the- He does look like,  yeah, I was thinking that too.
  He looks like a Simpsons character.
  He's yellow, first of all.
  And he's got the tongue out,  which makes him seem like he's thinking hard, I guess.
  But he's dumb.
 He looks dumb,  and he looks much chubbier than any depiction.
  Yeah.
 I like him, I'll say.
  He looks the most like a walk-around character, though,  like that.
 I bet if you saw him in person,  that is the closest to what he actually looks like,  as opposed to the other ones.
  Yeah.
 He might be just hungry, honestly.
  He might not be dumb.
 He might be hungry.
  It's funny now because I feel like the marketing  for the last 20, 25 years of Honey Nut Cheerios  or any Cheerios, it's like, hey, pretty good, right?  Tastes good and healthy, pretty healthy.
  I still think Honey Nut Cheerios,  that was like the default in my house.
  Same.
 Always in the house,  always if my parents were like,  I don't, it's so late, I don't, just feed the kids.
  I'll just have a bowl of Honey Nut Cheerios.
  Honey Nut Cheerios was like a good compromise.
  Yeah.
  Because you got a little sugar,  but parents still, Cheerios read to them as healthier,  which it is to some degree.
  But you still get a cartoon,  of the cartoon character serials,  maybe the healthiest or at least feels that way.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And then, plain Cheerios.
  I would be shocked to see.
  Yeah.
 Plain Cheerios is just like,  this is good for your heart.
  This is, this will help your heart.
  Heart healthy.
 Heart healthy.
  Is what I think at least it used to say on the box.
  I don't know if it does it right now.
  So if your grandfather had a heart attack,  make sure you have the aspirin he could put under his tongue  and keep a massive box of Cheerios around.
  Yes.
  That's what the American Medical Association says.
  Let me now ask for a clip,  and this was played fully in the dreaded,  let's never speak of it again, Jesse Farrar episode.
  So this is, what did I call it?  I don't know, there's not a lot of clips left.
  I don't remember.
 I'm sorry, Jordan.
  It's called serial dudes or something.
  There we go.
 Opryland gang.
  Of course, that's what I called it.
  We definitely played this before,  but Mike, you probably haven't seen this.
  This is from an Opryland TV.
  So Opryland's in Tennessee, by the way,  and next to the Grand Ole Opry.
  This was just, this is a long special.
  It was a ton of country music,  but then Frankie Avalon briefly nods to rock.
  Like we gotta, let's put in rock for like 20 seconds,  and then we're out.
  That's the most willing to acknowledge rock music.
  So just try to make heads or tails of this little sequence  in which our serial friends appear.
  We're Sergeant Hepper's lovely Hot Club Band.
  We hope you will enjoy the show.
  Sergeant Hepper's lonely Hot Club Band.
  Sit back and let the evening go.
  Sergeant Hepper's lonely, Sergeant Hepper's lonely,  Sergeant Hepper's lonely Hot Club Band.
  Does he have a wig on?  I think, I guess it's supposed to be a Beatle wig.
  Yes.
  I don't know who this is.
  I don't know who is leading this Sergeant Hepper performance.
  To narrate it for the listeners,  Beatle wig, old man, and then three unnamed females.
  I'll start with their heads and cutouts  of the serial mascots.
  So now we know they have that.
  What it's Lucky B.
 Tricks Rabbit.
  Why any of this with Sergeant Pepper, I don't know.
  Because they're colorful characters,  like the serial people, I don't know.
  And then you see Count Shaw,  they come out and dance with mascots.
  So these were the walk-arounds of the,  so you could hang out with Count Chocula at Opryland.
  And what we're saying about maybe the mascots,  that photo that Buzz kind of looked like a,  they made the same choice here.
  Buzz the Honey Nut Cheerios B is chubby.
  Which he didn't have to be,  because look, Lucky Charms guy is not.
  They're capable of making skinny suits,  but they added a bunch of pounds to Buzz.
  I guess what they were thinking is,  here, I'm just, this is guessing,  and I'm thinking that they thought,  okay, we're gonna blow the bee up.
  The bee is actually smaller on the boxes,  but we can't do it.
  We can't, they didn't have the baby-groot technology  or whatever to make the bee small.
  So they said, okay, what would happen if we blew the bee up  to be human size?  Okay.
  And that's where they landed on.
  That's my guess.
  Also, Buzz is, oh sorry, Buzz is not an intelligent guy.
  I'm just gonna say, like, a Svelte bee,  it doesn't make sense.
  Oh, did they get the type wrong?  I'm sorry if I interrupted.
  No, no, no.
  But there's like a different type of bee  that's like kind of fat.
  A bumblebee kind of, yeah.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think so.
  It's just got a big thorax, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's an insect thing.
  And I feel like they maybe got it right.
  That's what I'm maybe leaning toward now.
  That he, hmm, interesting.
  I just don't, I picture him, like,  he's Svelte to me.
  Now, would I give this guy a hug?  Absolutely.
  Because I think maybe they were thinking  he has to be our Winnie the Pooh.
  He's our most huggable character.
  And he's got similar coloration to Winnie.
  So I would love to hug this character.
  That I will say.
  That's not in question.
  I just think of it as a curious choice made here.
  I think he looks, if you look up like 70s Cheerios bee,  he looks a little more like this.
  You're thinking of like 90s cool,  exercising a lot Cheerios bee.
  You're thinking of like the new hip version.
  I think the old one looks a little bit more like this.
  Well, the Buzz the Bee, that's the strongest to me.
  If you're on the second gate,  then you just met our good friend Andrew Grissom,  who was on the show.
  And he, for many years, has been obsessed with this.
  There was a commercial that paired up Buzz the Bee  and Nellie way after the Nellie hits.
  The only thing I know about it,  is something Andrew says all the time still,  which is, good morning Nellie.
  I mean, just the concept of greeting Nellie  with good morning is just very funny.
  What situation have you ended,  besides if you're someone who has slept with Nellie,  in what situation is like one of us  saying good morning to Nellie?  He's got an early recording session.
  And you're just setting up.
  And it's like 11.
30, I guess I can say good morning.
  He's after us at Forever Dog.
  We gotta get out of here, Nellie's coming in.
  Good morning Nellie.
  I'll refresh the K cups in case you want a cup of coffee.
  Yeah, after podcast the ride leaves,  Nellie comes in and cuts some tracks.
  Just seated at a table studio  with a bunch of unused microphones.
  It's a table studio.
  He prefers to sit.
  Rick Rubin goes in the other room.
  Works the boards.
  Anyways, so, well there it is.
  There it is.
  That is a thin movie.
  Jordan or Rick Rubin, Jordan.
  Yeah, Scott's thinking of this new, like, svelte bee.
  Yes, and the most iconic one to me is good morning, Nellie.
  Look how confused Nellie is.
  The most iconic one is when he's with Ebenezer Scrooge,  and I feel like he's a little bigger.
  Oh, right.
  With like a real Dickensian screw.
  That adds like shot well is what I recall.
  Yeah, that one's like a Christmas special.
  Scott, because this is the same thing with Chuck E.
 Cheese,  he's like a cool, young, more svelte Chuck, I feel like.
  And the old one was, he was definitely not like  watching what he ate as much, probably.
  In the 70s, diets were different.
  Yeah.
  Or 80s, I guess, by that point.
  I guess, is there anything I can get out of this  Opryland thing other than like,  you guys like these characters?  You like Frank?  Well, if we know Count Chocula was there,  do you feel sad you maybe missed an opportunity  to like give him a hug or a high five?  I absolutely do, yeah.
  Wow.
 Yeah, 100%.
  Yeah, it's too good.
  Yeah, these characters, I'm sure I've said this before,  that they, like, I'm surprised that they haven't done more,  I'm surprised there's no show about them.
  I like, I feel like people have such affection  for these characters and want to hug them  and want to see them more.
  And I'm surprised that it hasn't happened in some way.
  I feel like it's tough now that it's like glorifying  eating unhealthy, like the same way  like they've kind of phased out McDonald's characters  as much as I would love to hug the Grimace.
  I think they're just like,  well, we don't use them anymore, it's a different time.
  But I guess the solution is get cause involved,  get Cactus Plant flea market involved.
  But that's more of like a cool retro thing for adults,  exactly, than like get an eight-year-old excited  about sugar cereal.
  Yeah, so maybe you could do an adult show.
  I would love an adult Count Chocula show, yes.
  Yeah, yeah, something a little more mature.
  An article I came across reading about this stuff  is like, why aren't there toys in cereal anymore?  And it was just like, oh, kids play with toys less.
  They just want tablets.
  And it's like, well, that's sad.
  That seems discouraging.
  Yeah, also might not be true.
  Yeah, also might not be true.
  Not my little, but my kid's little though.
  I, you know, south of three,  I think toys are still in vogue, but we will see.
  If you offer a kid a tablet or a boo-hoo,  like we know what they're gonna pick.
  You can't boo your friends with a tablet.
  Of course.
  Maybe there's an app for it though.
  But it's not the same.
  A boo-hoo-ter is so tactile.
  There is, when you say adult versions of these characters,  I did everyone the favor of not putting this on the main.
  But with these characters, I have to do the R34 search.
  I have to know if there's any pornographic presence.
  And there is a little bit,  and this is a very immature black and white sketch,  but I feel like done with love.
  And I will show, Mike Carlson, you'll miss this,  but you guys will see.
  That's okay.
  Oh my gosh.
  What you're seeing is Count Chocula,  basically Count Chocula is very happily  pleasuring himself.
  I'll censor it even for the video.
  I'll put it behind her logo.
  Wait, she's, describe it.
  Somebody, Jason, describe it for me.
  Oh yeah, somebody, yeah, okay.
  Is he, he's shooting out Boo-Berry.
  He's nutting Boo-Berry.
  Yes, Boo-Berry is the cum.
  Boo-Berry's cum.
  Oh wow, okay.
  So he's, he's pleasuring himself with his hand, yes?  Yeah, and let's be, let's give him due credit.
  He is huge.
  And there was a thing in the 70s called Boo-Berry cum,  where it was turning your cum blue for a while.
  I'm sure they removed that.
  Bright blue, electric blue.
  So I mean, this is a creative,  this is a great way to get the characters together  to marry the universe.
  To turn one into the ejaculate of another.
  This is less extreme than that,  but one of the Google fill-ins for Count Chocula,  this is a very vexing question.
  It's just like, where can you get Count Chocula?  What were the monster cereals?  And then is Count Chocula a girlfriend?  Not does he have one?  Now is he.
 Is he girlfriend?  Is he a girlfriend?  I don't know how to answer that question.
  Yeah, did anyone answer that online?  The answer that you get is not related to it.
  Like Google gave up.
  They didn't know how to tackle this, the great mystery.
  So anyway, I mean, we've done a lot of tackling  of the mystery.
  Are there any final thoughts about this gang?  I've loved talking about them for a while.
  Yeah, I'm always surprised at,  cause I think a lot of people perk up at these,  these specific characters.
  People love cereal from their childhood  and all the mascots in general,  but these characters specifically, I think,  really sparked something.
  And just real quick, I don't have the clip.
  I don't even know if we could ever play it,  but Jason and I shot a thing about a decade ago  with some professional wrestlers.
  And Jason and professional wrestler, Rob Van Dam  ended up in an improv, an improvised scene  about monster cereal, because Jason in the middle  of an improv with some other professional wrestlers  started talking about monster cereals.
  And Rob Van Dam perked up like I've never seen  a human being before and got so excited.
  And then we added it in where Jason and Rob Van Dam  discussed monster cereals,  because he was so excited about it.
  So I'm always impressed with the reach of these characters  and how much affection people have for them.
  Who would have thought the monster cereals  would appeal to a stoner like Rob Van Dam?  It's a very good point.
  Who could have seen that coming?  He's high 24 seven, so you're correct.
  Maybe that wasn't a big reach  that he would have affection for that.
  That's what I, when I saw the fruit brute  in those Tarantino movies,  I feel like I clocked it the first or second time  I saw those movies and I was like,  is this trying to communicate that adults  who eat these cereals are dirtbags?  Because Eric Stultz is a dirtbag,  Tim Roth is undercover, but he's kind of sleazy.
  I think any adult eating cereal in media  is meant to be like, well,  they don't have their shit together.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  That's a good shorthand.
  Are you guys offended by that?  Not really.
 No.
  It's efficient and filling,  and sometimes you just need to get the job done.
  Yeah, show don't tell, I get it.
  Yeah, fine.
  Economy of storytelling.
  Here's a question.
  We talked at the beginning,  this was in the show, not before the show, right,  about the monster, the universal maze  where one monster wins and takes the head off the other.
  Mike, if you had to pick one to defeat the others  and hold up their bloody heads triumphantly.
  I'm gonna go with Boo Barry because  Franken Barry and Count Chocula are scared of Boo Barry  in a way that he's not scared of them.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
  So it makes the most sense that he, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He is fearless, impervious, and-  And you can kill a vampire.
  I don't know if you can kill a ghost.
  Oh, that's true.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He might have, yeah, he's already dead,  so what else do you do?  Wow, wow.
  So Boo Barry triumphant.
  But look, they're all winners,  except maybe the, we didn't talk about the mummy a lot.
  I feel like we don't like the mummy that much.
  Okay, all right, all right.
  So both sides of the party, you know.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're nice to him, but.
  Yeah, cool design, but I truly have no,  I think I remember one or two of the commercials,  but like going pretty fast, you know.
  Yeah.
  They do a lot of other products.
  They make a yogurt, which sounds gross, fruit roll-ups,  and you guys can try them or not.
  I did bake some monster cookies.
  Well, saying bake is very generous,  because they're like the pre-made,  you just put them in the oven.
  But if you want to try them after this, I have some.
  Wow.
  Oh, wow, thank you.
  Oh my God, absolutely, oh geez.
  Okay, well then let's wind it down  so we can have these cookies,  everyone except for Carlson who's not in the room.
  That's okay, I'll go buy some.
  In the spirit of, yeah.
  Well, and let's, I can't believe we didn't try,  I feel like maybe I gotta like separately buy one of these.
  Scott, you've never tried any of these.
  Nope, no.
  Wow.
  Maybe I need to do a little,  what if I do a little social media content,  and let's just spit balling,  maybe I call it like snack or whack, I don't know.
  And just to see what, oh, here's a lineup.
  Oh, thank you.
  Well, I think this year it's four, right?  It's the original.
  Yeah, Yummy Mummy's not around this year.
  Three, Yummy Mummy is not back this year.
  They keep saying the return of for the other two,  so yeah, maybe they keep shifting.
  These were the years,  on the bottom were the years I got all five, I remember.
  What are you the most curious to have me try?  I don't know, is it like the one I would like the most,  or the one I would like the least?  Or the underdog?  I mean, I'll just buy whatever I can find, but.
  God, I think you should try probably Boo Berry.
  I think so.
  Okay, okay.
  Well, that's another thing that Boo Berry won.
  Boo Berry's coming out on top, and you know what?  I'll be rooting for liking it.
  I'll be booing and hooting if I like it.
  Came out of this really liking Boo Berry.
  So Boo Berry, I think the winner of the episode.
  In 2016 they did, to tie in with the presidential election,  they did an election of president of monsters,  and Boo Berry lost, count shock to the one.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, just name recognition.
  But they even broke down by state.
  Really? Yeah.
  Three parties doesn't work.
  Boo Berry only won three states.
  Right, and Franket Berry, I think, only took Montana.
  He only had one, yeah.
  That's pretty funny.
  But I think we can all agree in 2016,  dear God, I wish one of them had won for real.
  Absolutely.
  We'd be in much better shape.
  But the true winner of the episode,  and the current, unless something happens with Tarantino,  the reigning champion for the cereals  and for Fruit Brute on the show,  Mike Scollins, you survived podcast,  the Haunt Cast the Fright.
  You survived Haunt Cast the Fright.
  Let's exit through the, we don't know, the spooky gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Not really, you can watch late night.
  I perform on it quite a bit.
  I was recently a Disney adult in an episode,  so maybe that's particularly relevant.
  Interesting.
  I played a Disney adult upset that  the park had gotten too woke.
  Oh, wow.
  Dude, this is an extremely real thing in the world.
  Yeah, and this feels like the only place I can plug that  and be like, oh, maybe I actually would watch that.
  Mm-hmm.
  And based on your real views.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, it was such a sketch.
  It was just like a treat.
  Yeah.
  If I gotta put on a different shirt or something  to make this work, but I just-  It's weird that Seth Meyers stepped away  and let you just do a soliloquy about like-  We bumped Ariana Grande.
  Well, she's from Jersey.
  She can come over the bridge, you know,  and she can come back.
  She'll be back, she'll be back.
  So happy to meet you.
  Thanks for making time while you're in town,  and let's do it again sometime, please.
  As for us, you can find us on all the socials  at Podcast The Ride.
  Merch is available in our T public store.
  And for three bonus episodes every month,  check out Haunt Cast The Fright The Cemetery Gate,  or get one more bonus episode on our new tier Crypt 3.
  You'll find all of that at patreon.
com slash  Podcast The Ride.
  Thanks to Jordan Blackcats at Forever, what was it?  Forever Fruit Brute, I guess,  is the podcast company for now.
  Thanks Forever Fruit Brute Studios for letting us record.
  And thanks all of you for listening.
  So long.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
