 ["The Cemetery Gate Theme"]  Welcome to Hauntcast, The Fright, The Cemetery Gate,  where you may come face to face with your ultimate fear,  explaining to your significant other why you pay money  to hear analysis of Daniel Roebuck films.
  We'll figure out the names later,  I'm Scott Gardner,  any spooky names to come.
  I'm trying to explain how the podcast that started  as a theme park podcast got here too.
  I thought though it was a theme park podcast,  and now it's a more Daniel Roebuck.
  More Daniel Roebuck.
  Yeah, I'm like Carl, somebody you probably,  if you're paying us, you know, I think at this point.
  Jason Sheridan is here.
  Yeah, now I'm wondering about his filmography.
  Like what else is, what am I forgetting?  Daniel Roebuck, of course, if you're just tuning in,  if this is your first second gate,  if this is the first episode of Podcast The Fright,  which would be very weird, but if it's popular.
  Or if you heard it and you just don't remember that  kind of unremarkable name.
 Oh yes, if for some reason  you don't know the name Daniel Roebuck,  that is the man who played Jay Leno in the HBO movie,  The Late Shift, which is a topic we've done two and a half  hours on.
 A very long episode.
  On Patreon.
 About.
  And he comes up in today's episode as he takes the mantle  of the count.
  Don't even get me started.
  The convergence.
  We'll get each other, we'll all get started  a little later.
  Yes, so if you're wondering, I think there's two,  you can justify that we're doing this episode  for two reasons.
  That it's Daniel Roebuck, somebody we've discussed  at length, and then we were talking about the Munsters  a lot, and then all of a sudden, around that same time,  this was announced that Daniel Roebuck was playing  Grandpa Munster.
  It was suspiciously close.
  It was crazy.
 I don't remember the timeline,  but yes, we got very fixated on Daniel Roebuck,  fake Leno, and then we talked about Grandpa,  separate from the other Munsters for a long time.
  Yes, and the actor.
  It's been a lot of Munsters discussion,  but then these two intro, fake Leno becomes fake Grandpa,  or fake Grand Poe, as I like to say.
  Of course.
 Based off of one ad he did,  where he said, hey, it's me, Grandpa,  which may have been avoiding copyright.
  Well, no, they're not avoiding copyright  by calling him the Count.
  It's just a weird choice they made.
  I don't know.
  We got a lot of them.
  Yeah, it's hard to.
.
.
  Anyway, I enjoyed, I saw Daniel Roebuck  in an episode of The Parkers, the old UPN show,  with Monique and Countess Vaughn,  which is on Netflix, and it's a lot of fun.
  Pretty reliable, yeah.
  Genuine, very funny shit in that show.
  And Daniel, I saw Daniel Roebuck in Gassed.
  I gotta collect all the Roebuck performances.
  He's in some bigger, I was trying to remember,  oh, I think he's agent Cody Banks' dad.
  Oh, he is?  Wow.
 Wow, that's great.
  Yep, yep, yep.
  That's pretty big.
  That's almost a title role.
  Yeah, and he's been at it forever.
  I know you said he had done some religious movies,  I believe.
  Maybe lately in the.
.
.
  Oh, The Fugitive, that's the one.
  And US Marshals, so that's a recurring role  in The Fugitiveiverse.
  Oh, wow.
 Wow.
  Okay, is he like on the team?  Fugitiveverse?  Yeah.
 That's more confusing.
  I like it with extra bullshit.
  Fugitiveiverse.
  That's good, yeah.
  Is he on Tommy Lee Jones' team, do we know?  Not sure.
  He's a deputy marshal, that sounds like he's on the team.
  Oh, I was gonna say US Marshals then.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Because US, yeah.
  So yeah, he's in the.
.
.
  But he's in a bunch of Rob Zombie movies.
  Right, he's a player.
  As is everyone who plays the primary monsters,  because it was baffling casting to me,  a person who does not pay a lot of attention  to the filmography of Rob Zombie.
  Right.
  But then like, oh, I see.
  It is a lot of people who are in all of his things.
  Those are his players, yeah.
  We will dive into The Munsters,  a film released in this year, 2022,  but I'm told that Jason has a little bit of business.
  Sure, yeah.
  In the spirit of the season,  I have some treats before we get into the trick  of this movie.
 Oh, boy.
  The trick being that this is even called a movie.
  So I brought you guys some little treats back  for your children.
  This is Mr.
 Taffy.
  Oh, wow.
  The mascot of Shriver's saltwater taffy  in Ocean City, New Jersey, St.
 Paul.
  It's a little taffy, you boy.
  Yeah, you each get a taffy.
  I'm gonna toss it.
  I'm gonna catch it.
  Toss it, yeah.
  Oh, boy.
  Oh, I like seeing him come at me.
  Mr.
 Taffy from Shriver's.
  Yes.
  Wow, thank you.
  He's great.
  He's a well-made for being a local.
  This little, this is not extra figure.
  This plush is only available at this taffy place.
  It's very well done.
  They have a bigger one too,  but the little ones are more tasteful.
  Did you get us?  Scott and I, you gotta each get the bigger one too, right?  This is for the baby and this is for.
  I bought three of them, two for your children  and one for my adult girlfriend.
  Thank you.
  And now I also have a real treat  because we didn't get the first iteration  of this on microphone.
  I've got a can here, Scott,  for you to try of Coca-Cola Dream World  that if you wanna try that on here.
  Is it cold at least?  It is cold.
  Mikey, there's, just to be courteous,  here's one for you as well.
  Oh, thank you, yeah.
  Wait, now why, does this have anything to do with anything  or you just want me to have this shit?  Well, you had, so it's the second,  it's the new Coca-Cola Creations  is they've been doing these mysterious flavors  where they don't say what it is  and they just give it a fun name.
  No.
  And you had the Cosmos one, is that what it's called?  Starlight.
  Starlight, okay.
  And you had that and hated it  and now Jason wants you to try this  and see if you'll hate this equally, I think.
  Okay, okay.
  That's what I'm guessing is.
  I'm curious.
  The impetus.
  I'm curious on this.
  Some people like the can.
  The can is cool.
  Is this, I'm sorry, is this the one you were drinking  when you broke the news of your daughter?  Is this the type, you were,  there was a soda being discussed, you did a fake out.
  You're like a little bundle of joy.
  Yes, oh, it was, yeah, yeah, it was, it was.
  Okay, okay, great.
  This is the Zero Sugar  which I think is not as good as the regular.
  In this instance, I thought that the Starlight  was actually better or at least the same.
  So.
 All right.
  I'm gonna try to sip off Mike.
  I think you're gonna hate this is what I'm gonna say.
  But it's, you're gonna hear the opening of the can.
  All right.
  I mean that's sad.
  I hope you're not a problem with that.
  Yeah, that's a good.
  Everyone likes that sound.
  That's a good noise, yeah.
  That's refreshing.
  That was me talking about the sound,  not the taste which I haven't had yet.
  Okay, let's see.
  It's, I would say again,  this is the flavor of dream.
  I'm, this is dream flavor.
  Dream world.
  Dream.
  This is my same feeling about the previous thing.
  The previous flavor that is an idea.
  Flavors are ideas now.
  And that is that, I think the taste is okay,  but the after, it just like,  it's just like.
 That's the Zero.
  Chemical swirl.
  That's the Zero, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's why you should have gotten the other.
  Well, what's in a Zero?  How can it be called Zero and then whatever is in it.
  Well, it's probably like.
 Wingers.
  Aspartame, I assume.
  It's probably the Aspartame.
  But I think Cherry Coke Zero, I think is pretty good.
  Yeah, but they all, look, I like Zeroes too,  but they do have a strange little,  yeah, it's Aspartame.
  It's the little aftertaste.
  And that's what that is.
  It's the artificial sweetener.
  I admittedly didn't like this one as much as Starlight.
  I'm more of a Starlight fan, but I like.
  So you like the flavor of Starlight  more than you like the flavor of dream world.
  Yes, but I think Starlight Zero,  I liked better than Dream World Zero.
  But I think Dream World Regular  is better than Dream World Zero.
  Fair enough.
  It just kind of tastes like apricots to me.
  Sure.
 A little bit.
  Like the hint of.
  I'm baffled by these.
  I mean, I like that, but it's like, where do we go from here?  Like this soda's, it's responsibility flavored.
  It's Liberty flavored.
  Well, I guess it could be like Mario.
  It's consent flavored.
  Now that's good.
  I'm glad we're getting that idea into a flavor.
  I agree.
  It could be just like Mario Galaxy worlds.
  It's like space and there's a dream world with clouds.
  And then we go to like a sand world or something.
  Or then there's a big, everything's big, big world.
  So it could be like that.
  I like the abstraction  because none of these flavors are like a real item anyway.
  Why not get crazy with it?  Well, at least you got a Mr.
 Taffy out of the bar.
  Sure did.
  That's a one out of two.
  I think you're right.
  Aspartame, I don't know what's going on with that.
  Let's see aspartame, yeah.
  I don't, yeah, I'm gonna keep that.
  If you drink, I mean, don't drink diet soda,  but if you drink diet soda, you get used to it  or you hate it, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay, so well, thank you for this.
  And I will cherish Mr.
 Taffy.
  He really is, he looks like, he's like gray.
  So he's like unflavored Taffy.
  Yeah.
  I guess, well, it's not always colored.
  Yeah, it usually is.
  Yeah, usually the color is just to like trick your mind.
  The color doesn't, all the flavor in me.
  That's a different.
  Could be white, but it's usually just to differentiate, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  And is there a big Mr.
 Taffy wandering around?  There is a walk around Mr.
 Taffy.
  Wow, oh boy.
  I don't think I've previously familiar with a Taffy,  with a walk around Taffy.
  I don't know if it's the only one.
  That's the first I'm aware of.
  So it sets the bar and I approve of Mr.
 Taffy.
  I just wanna let the listener know,  he's an anthropomorphic piece of Taffy.
  He's got little blue foot, like footies or shoes.
  He's got two blue wristbands.
  He's got a blue vest and no pants and a bow tie.
  And I'm looking at him like he's like walking up  to my laptop, looking right at a picture of Daniel Roebuck.
  Like he wants to be friends with him.
  Slightly different coloring and he could be Mr.
 Sausage.
  Yep.
  With the way that the top of his head goes.
  Oh yeah, true, and then the little tie off at the top.
  Yeah, that could be Sausage casing, absolutely.
  Well, thank you for this, Jason.
  And I think we need the positivity going in today.
  I'm trying something different.
  I'm trying to inject some positivity.
  We are kicking off HOTCAST The Fright season,  which I am excited about.
  And we are doing it with this,  with the newest, biggest horror film.
  By saying that, I'm ignoring a couple of these ones  that people like a lot, with Smile and.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  What's the other one?  Barbarian and Pearl.
  Yeah, which I need to see all these films.
  Instead, we took some time to watch The Munsters  as made by Rob Zombie.
  So again, we know why we're here.
  This was a real triangulation of.
  We had to do it.
  Of HOTCAST The Fright interests.
  And yeah, I mean, well, what's some stuff to say about it  at the top?  I mean, this has been building for a little while  and people might've expected us to do an episode about it.
  I saw a lot of chatter, kind of internet wide,  not even in our little bubble,  but about the trailer,  because the trailer really set the tone.
  The trailer was a pretty jaw-dropping trailer.
  Well, I hate to, okay, so there was a first trailer  that was a teaser that was just the intro,  like the old school black and white intro.
  Then the second trailer is the one  I think you're talking about, right?  Yeah, yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, essentially the opening sequence of the show  where Herman bursts through a door.
  Again, and here's the big,  if you don't intend on watching any of this,  the monsters, of course, this family,  this all-American family of monsters,  and the show was just a sitcom about their misadventures,  but the movie turned out to be a prequel  showing how the family came together.
  Yeah, and that made me pretty mad.
  I wasn't really pleased with that choice.
  Yeah, meaning A, because in the trailer,  that is maybe the big reveal of the trailer,  is that they call it a love story,  they couch it in some further terminology,  but it is about, so it's a prequel  to a really silly 60s sitcom,  where you find out how the silly characters got together  and the in-law obstacles  that were in the way of them getting together.
  So therefore, it is Viva Rock Vegas.
  That is what we're watching.
  It is the Viva Rock Vegas of the monsters.
  Though in this case, it is just called the monsters,  which really confuses it.
  It's not becoming the monsters.
  The monsters begins.
  It's not the pre-monsters.
  Monsters' origins, the beginning.
  Monsters rising.
  Will you be my monster?  Will you take this woman to be your awfully wedded monster?  It is none of those things.
  That's true.
  That's the majority of it,  but it's also like there's three other plots going on  that just sort of, they don't end concisely.
  They just kind of are lingering,  and then nothing comes of it.
  I think the same.
 Meandering, you might call.
  Pretty quickly watching this, I was like,  you know what I think I like about the monsters?  That it is a family of cartoonish monsters  and their normal looking niece,  and they just do kind of stock sitcom plots.
  Yes.
  And they think they're normal.
  They think they're an average,  they were the average American family  at the end of the block.
  I think you're correct about that.
  I think you're right.
  That's all the prem, yeah, that's all good stuff  that makes it fun and special.
  The hijinks.
 Fun and specific.
  That's the backbone,  and obviously they get into hijinks.
  I saw a couple of few months ago where one,  they go camping, and of course one of them gets hammered  into the ground.
  I believe it's Herman, so he's like a totem pole.
  One, Herman goes to try to sort something out  at Maryland's college,  and they think he's their new football prospect,  so he does a bunch of football practices.
  Okay, I watched one today where Herman is recruited  by the Dodgers to play baseball.
  I mean, that's great.
  Are there real Dodgers in it?  Yes, yes.
  Whoa, do you know who?  Do you know who in your brain is?  Shoot, DeRosha?  DeRosha?  DeRosha?  Did they get Sandy Kovacs?  No, I don't think so.
  Okay.
  What's the guy's name?  I, Leo DeRosha.
  Okay.
  He plays himself, he recruits Herman for the Dodgers.
  Okay.
  I've said this before on the show.
  The main thrust of the show is that they put Herman,  played by a guy named Fred Gwynn, who was very tall,  they put Herman, who's dressed like a Frankenstein,  in a lot of silly outfits.
  That's the main comedy of the show,  and I mean that in a fun, a good way.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We might, maybe I said exactly this before,  but you know, you talk about,  there's that comedy phrase, hat on a hat,  and that is all that the show is.
  Yes, yes.
  It is a family of monsters who then have to dress  as other stuff on top of their monster look.
  There's like a single joke that they run into the ground  every episode, is that the monsters think  scary things are good, and think normal things are weird.
  This is a joke that is overused on each episode  a million times, some of them funny, most of them you go,  well, you kinda heard that joke in the last episode.
  But the other thing is that Herman,  like Homer Simpson in many times,  gets like a new job every episode.
  Yeah.
  And does something silly.
  Ends up in some scenario where people find it unusual,  but are not like, oh my God, you're a monster,  I should run.
  Right.
  It's just people are like a little quizzical at most,  but they allow him to do the job,  often be very good at the job,  but then it just kind of ends of its own accord.
  Now, I would also say, I guess I simplified too much.
  The show also is lives and dies because Fred Gwyn  and Al Lewis are funny.
  Yes.
  The two of them are funny.
  Fred Gwyn is very funny at playing like a little boy man,  who's very selfish and insecure and conceited.
  Waves his arms around in a mildly disturbing,  he does like, ah, ah, ah, ah.
  He like a toddler, it's very strange.
  He's legit really funny.
  There's an episode today I also watched  because I had to get the taste out of my mouth.
  I know what you're talking about, getting taste saved.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The aspartame of the fakeness of the new monsters.
  Yes, all that's, vurver, it's a metaphor.
  What if the whole movie was aspartame?  There's a whole,  Herman is, two guys are trying to run an insurance scam,  so they fool Herman into thinking he's a movie star.
  And they keep like setting up shots  so he can get hurt accidentally,  so they can collect money.
  And it's like these character actors like,  yeah, here's what we gotta do, yeah.
  And then they fool Herman into thinking he's a movie star.
  So by the end, he's wearing like a beret  and he's smoking a long cigar and he's very conceited.
  And he like, now he won't do the lines as is.
  And it's really funny.
  It's funny, it's a big cartoon and Fred Gwynn,  very funny in it.
  The makeup is like so entrancing to watch.
  Yes, there's the look also.
  Like we talked about Garfield being just like,  mostly the look is why you like Garfield.
  Yeah.
  Because the drawings, it's similar to here.
  It's very fun to look at him and El Lou.
  Like it's those two characters, and Eddie,  and his wife.
  Well, I can't think of his wife.
  Lily.
 Lily.
  Thank you.
  Oh yeah.
  Garfield gets a lot of mileage.
  I forgot whether I said this on the episode,  but the various ways he finds to utilize  his little rectangular bed.
  The little purple bed with the blue blanket.
  It's fun to look at the drawings, yes.
  He scrunches up like a cat.
  Sometimes he's laying sprawled out on it.
  And it's satisfying.
  All the ways he finds to be lazy,  like a real cat that they lie crazy sometimes.
  Okay, so I think we've,  okay, the monsters didn't run forever.
  There wasn't maybe the most legs for this concept.
  It went, it's a bizarre,  the numbers are like 37 episodes a season.
  Two seasons.
  Yes, there was like 70 episodes.
  Yeah, a ton.
  But all on Peacock, you guys might've discovered.
  So yes, we've broken down what's funny  about the monsters here.
  I don't know that Rob's happy knows  what's funny about them.
  He puts Herman in outfits, I'll give him that.
  So he knows that's funny.
  But other than that.
  Now, let's say this.
  In his defense, he is for sure a big monsters fan.
  A huge monsters fan for decades.
  I've heard this, yes, for years.
  He has this song.
  In the most, yes, there's the song,  Dracula, which is where some of the confusion is.
  What was it again?  The Dracula is grandpa's car, not the monster's car,  which is the monster's coach.
  But the monster's coach is in the video for Dracula.
  Yes, I think.
  It's confusing the entire.
  Yes.
  Well, doesn't that tell you a little bit  that he's clearly a fan.
  Yes.
  And the fandom is further proven by his cribs,  which I watched today.
  Then the cribs, there's so much monster in his house.
  He mentions them a lot.
  The movie is called here.
  No, Here Come the Monsters was a later.
  That was like a 90s Fox.
  Monsters Go Home, is that the name of?  Monsters Go Home is the original casting.
  Yeah.
  He does not only a poster in his house.
  He apparently does a commentary on the DVD for this film.
  Okay.
  So he's been versed in monsters fan.
  Yeah, yeah, really associated.
  Maybe like is the reason he's even like  his scary guy persona.
  You know, like I like.
  Could be, yeah.
  There's a chance that without the monsters,  he's not like doesn't model his whole band  and his whole life after like horror and.
  And the fact that he like, I don't know much about the guy,  but you know, you compare to a Marilyn Manson  who seems like a horrible man.
  Yes.
  The Rob Zombie seems like, well, he's got this like,  he's like married forever and she's in the movie  and she's in all the movies and they get along great.
  Yes.
  And like even the house seemed nice.
  I felt like the house was a crazy monster house,  but there was just a regular kitchen and like,  and people seem to have respect for these films  that he makes, which I've never seen one of them,  but people enjoy them and he like, I don't know.
  I, I get, I don't, I maybe I'm missing some bad stuff.
  No, I think you're.
  Like he's kind of a normal guy.
  Yes.
  Monster garb, much like the monsters.
  Yes, I agree.
  I'm glad you said that up top on this episode  to make sure before we start talking about the movie.
  I do think I like, this is the whole thing I have with it  is that as though I'm watching it and not enjoying it,  spoiler, I am like, you know, do your thing, Rob.
  Like his little industry, which I've never checked out,  but I love a good little bubble of media  that is not hurting anybody.
  Seems like people like Rob Zombie's movie,  cool, have at it.
  This doesn't ruin me watching the monster, the old monster.
  No, no, no, nothing like that.
  And I will also say, what if we,  what, what if we played the monsters more straight?  I guess not even straight.
  What if we focused on the horror elements a little  was also the thinking I think behind the Brian Fuller,  Brian Singer pilot mocking.
  For sure.
  Where it's like, let's take it a little more seriously.
  This, I think trying to be a little more comedic.
  A little more.
  Yeah, but.
  Speaking of director monsters.
  We got to one.
  Yeah.
  I was gonna say the movie is full of comedy music.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Which is, do you guys have any sense  of the previous Rob Zombie movies?  Are they gory and not like this in any way?  Devil's Rejects, very gory.
  Yeah, there are rated horror movies.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and nothing he's done is a bit of PG comedy.
  For sure that, but I wanted,  this movie made me wonder if they're all a little campy.
  Oh.
  And maybe perhaps not even crazy bloody.
  If like his style is just more like pulp,  kind of silly even in its horror.
  But it sounds like they are like.
  Grindhousey.
  Sort of hardcore.
  Okay, okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I mean he did one of those fake grindhouse trailers  for the movie Grindhouse.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah.
  And Devil's Rejects is I think a year or two before that.
  That was very big in the 2000s there for a while.
  Kind of grindhousey.
  I'm not steeped in Mr.
 Zombie's work.
  I've seen the Devil's Rejects.
  And I'm trying to remember.
  That's like gross I think.
  It's kind of gross.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  But obviously he has a love for, yeah, campy.
  The amount of like Dutch angle,  like Batman, 60s Batman angles in this movie.
  I could be wrong, but I bet he's a fan of that too.
  Yeah, yeah, I bet.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which all made me want to root for it, but you know.
  I wanted to, okay, I wanted to root for it too.
  And even in the first 20 minutes, I remember,  I go, okay, I don't.
  Because a lot of the chatter around the trailer  was like very digitally, the audio felt unfinished.
  Yes, yeah.
  And you're like, well, this is other movies  didn't look like this.
  This looks like a sketch or something.
  Like this looks like a iPhone sketch or something.
  It kind of looks like an episode  of like the Goosebumps TV show.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  But all that to say, I'm watching it and I go,  you know what, I actually don't hate how this looks.
  I don't hate it.
  This is exactly where I was at.
  We're very in tandem.
  First 10 minutes, 20 minutes,  because there's a big clunky looking robot.
  There's some pretty interesting makeup,  but it's very lo-fi, but it's fun.
  And aesthetically, and you're like,  okay, I guess it's cheap, but he's throwing this  green light on everything.
  But I don't hate the look of this.
  You could make a fun movie, a fun, really low budget movie  with the sets and the lighting and the costumes.
  Sure.
  Basically how I just decorated my front yard  is green and purple lights.
  I used the visual language of the monster.
  So it works as Halloween decorations, for sure.
  That is the lighting, the holo,  it is like good Halloween colored lighting,  or like a Fangoria magazine photo spread.
  Sure.
  The other elements, I think Jane and I  both came to the conclusion of like,  some of this feels like a student film.
  And then I had it all, I went up to with a student film  where one very rich alumni gave them a donation  and they spent it all on lighting package, like all on.
  We have the best, these student films  are gonna look amazing.
  We have the best lights you can check out from the cage.
  But cameras, not so much.
  No, you're just gonna shoot on your iPhone anyway.
  480 or 720 or something.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, so some of this is because,  there was certainly the question of why not black and white?  And the original teaser was black and white,  that looks like the opening of the show.
  And they were, and like photos from the set  were black and white, so people were thinking,  you know what I thought the whole time  was that the movie was about the making of the show.
  I thought it was a behind the scenes  of the monsters or something.
  Or that I pictured like a much darker,  I thought it was gonna be like a fucked up monsters.
  Oh, well, when somebody said it was PG,  I was like, oh, he's just gonna do it, huh?  Yeah, yeah.
  So I thought maybe initially that was something like that.
  But yeah, once it was like, oh, this is a PG movie,  I'm like, oh, I think he's just gonna try to do it.
  And make it for families and stuff.
  Yeah, yeah, well, so it's not black and white  at the studios insistence.
  That was the one thing they thought that would limit  the audience for it.
  So this technicolor green purple thing  we're talking about was his attempts to make it  not just kind of a blah looking thing.
  Right.
  So I'm exactly with you, 15, 20 minutes.
  I'm like, I think maybe this was an interesting choice.
  And then why did we turn?  Was there just too much of it?  Do you just get tired of?  Well, I think where I really turned was,  Herman shows up, it takes 30 minutes for Herman to show up.
  And I think I checked the time and I went,  well, hold on a second here.
  This movie's two hours long.
  Herman is showing up 30 minutes in.
  What are we doing?  Like, what are we doing here?  That was a big, you know, I know this is not a horror film,  but when I checked the runtime at the beginning  and saw an hour 50, it gave me quite a fright.
  Uh-huh, yeah, so I was like, too,  that's a kind of a long, whatever.
  I'm not anti long movie, but I went, okay.
  And then Herman, it takes 30 minutes and you're like,  okay, this is really slow.
  I'm really this kind of, it's like,  there's a fatigue that set in for me around that time  that I think that's probably when most people,  if they had an optimistic feeling of like,  well, it looks kind of interesting for a low budget movie  and okay, like there's some supporting actors,  I feel like they're doing some interesting stuff  for making a meal of things and you could kind of like,  oh, okay, that looks so, okay.
  The Nosferatu guy is, Lily goes on a date with,  I will say that he's already kind of fundamentally blows  the joke of the monsters there,  cause it's like, Lily would like the weird vampire man.
  She would, like the joke,  Lily goes on a date with a Nosferatu guy,  she's not with Herman yet and she's like,  disgusted by, so weird and she doesn't like him.
  And I was like, but the joke of the monsters is  she should be out with like a handsome man  who makes a lot of money, who looks normal.
  Yeah.
  That's already, he's already-  Yes, and that would just go like the guys out there,  they're monsters.
 Yeah, right.
  And they should all be handsome men.
  He's already blown the main joke of the monsters.
  That's the joke of every episode  and it's already out the window.
  The rules are kind of wobbly, I would say.
  Very wobbly.
  Because- The logic,  internal logic of the movie,  skipping to the end, but-  Yeah.
  You see humans throughout the whole movie  and then the end of the movie is Herman seeing humans  when they move to America and him freaking out.
  And I, well, Lindsay was watching the movie with me  at this point, she goes, he saw-  Yeah, they were in a cafe in Paris.
  Yes, they saw humans in Paris and they didn't flip out  and now he sees humans and he's flipping out  and he thinks they're weird.
  Like if they had established the whole movie,  like they'd never, they only saw monsters before,  that's one, but like they'd been with humans already.
  Yeah.
  You're like, what, huh?  I have two notes back to back.
  One says 30 minutes in, this is brutal.
  And then one says, there's still 40 minutes left.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And then what's funny is we're watching it  and they have this whole like subplot of going to America  and then it just, like just started and we clicked  and I go, there's only 10 minutes left.
  Yes, the last bit of the movie feels like a backdoor pilot.
  It feels like they're setting up the status quo  of the monsters.
  Right, but nothing is like resolved.
  There's nothing feeling like resolved feeling.
  It's just- The stories don't really.
  Nothing has a resolution.
  It's really strange.
  It's like on top of just like certain elements not working,  none of the stories feel like they've been resolved  at the end.
  They just sort of, the plots are left dangling.
  I guess so like, oh, now you see the monsters TV show  to see what happens, but it's, imagine a movie  where nothing, I mean, I guess it's sort of like Marvel,  but even Marvel and their worst outings,  they try to give you like some feeling of resolution,  even though they want you to watch the next 10 things.
  Well, and it's a bold move to not be conclusive  when the movie you're talking about has all of the promise  of the monsters 2022 as opposed to,  I guess the first Marvel we did not know  there would be 50 Marvels,  but I don't think there will be 50 monsters.
  I don't know.
  I think it was watched a lot, maybe the first week.
  It was in the top 10 of-  Is that, that's good.
  At a top 10 on Netflix.
  Yeah.
  It's good.
  And they still, they cancel shit in the top 10.
  That's true.
  All the time, but so it's not that good.
  Good point.
  But it's still like, you're kidding, really?  Yeah.
  Is that just, is it his fandom?  Is it, it's a name?  I don't want to, I, I, I'd like to think  that it's all big monster heads out there,  but how many of those are still alive?  There is some buzz though.
  I will say to just the, oh, there's a new monsters.
  Like I've seen people that aren't like people  I know a little bit on Twitter and everyone's like,  I'm watching the new monsters.
  And I'm like, oh, I guess everyone is watching this.
  People were intrigued by zombie X monsters.
  It is, it makes a lot of sense on paper.
  And then you just, but then you're,  you maybe feel like you're not getting enough.
  Maybe you're not getting enough of either side, you know?  It's not the, like the grittiness that seemingly  is in the zombie for the Rob Zombie films.
  And then it's not like, it's, it's not not funny.
  It's not like, not everything fails, but then it's not like,  but it was like joke professionals doing the monsters.
  And it was tight.
  There was a new thing every 10 seconds,  which this is not.
  No, I said, I was like, there's no,  there's like a joke every five minutes.
  That doesn't necessarily land.
  Yeah.
  It's joke islands.
  I think struggling, I mean, a big thing in like  comedy classes is like, okay, this is the like,  not fun part, but you have to establish a base reality.
  What's called a base reality of like, okay,  this is a world, this is a normal world.
  So if people are walking around wearing like, you know,  shoes on their heads, it's weird.
  If it's a world where everyone wears the shoe on their head,  that's normal then, okay?  And this movie, most of it takes place  in a cartoony Transylvania,  and then eventually ends up in a cartoony,  like modern 50s America.
  Like so, but it's hard to go, like, it's not playing,  it's playing by its own rules,  but the rules are so confusing.
  Like Mike said about like Lily dating a Nosferatu,  you know?  Well, that's just, I'm not even,  that's not even necessarily a rule.
  Like here's what I would say,  putting too many rules on the monsters seems foolhardy.
  I would say that perhaps the reality of the monsters  doesn't need to be questioned too hard in this movie.
  No, but I think this movie  may have like thrown too much stuff out.
  Yeah.
  Where it's in just like a weird, surreal world,  and you don't get any of the basic dynamic  that is what we need.
  Right, but it's not even necessarily embracing  the surrealness, you know?  Yeah, it's, yes, you're right.
  It's trying to do too much,  and you are losing some of, yeah, the basic,  the basic, the tenants of like, okay,  if you were a Kevin Feige, a Kathleen Kennedy,  you know, you would have a list,  the tenants of what a monster property is,  what an IP, when you were using the beloved IP  of the monsters, here are the four, the pillars.
  It's these things, these documents  that make our favorite films so great.
  Yeah, exactly, because they all have the,  all these big franchises have these now.
  Now, if people want us to be the Kennedy Feiges  of the monster verse, I think we could do it,  the three of us.
  I pitch us for a lot of jobs, and I think this is a,  this is maybe going forward, maybe the best chance we have  as far as something I'm pitching us for is to be  sort of the godfathers of the monster verse,  to really expand the franchise,  because we know the core tenants.
  We know what makes the monsters monsters.
  With my episode and a half that I've watched  in the last two years, and my sort of paying attention  to the show when I was eight and sick from school,  watching it on the tiniest TV in our house,  I think based on that, I understand the property.
  I know what they are.
  But yeah, he explains how Herman is created,  how they get to get, it's just too much,  and it doesn't hang together.
  It doesn't follow that logic.
  And yes, it's missing, the monsters is like,  it's fun, like, yeah, it's schemes.
  The whole thing is just schemes,  which is what old television was.
  Lucy just had schemes every week.
  Yeah.
  A new scheme.
  Seemingly a lot of just him trying to be like,  in the media, this one, Herman is a rock star.
  This one, he is a movie star.
  Now he's writing for the paper.
  Now he's on the sports team.
  Now he's the vice president of America.
  I don't know if that one happened,  but he can only assume.
  I mean, it should.
  Herman must have run for office at some point.
  Yeah.
  Here, I don't know, maybe I'm jumping all over the place.
  Here's something that bothers me about the movie.
  And this is not necessarily a performance.
  Here's something that really,  this is one of my top things that has bothered.
  Grandpa Monster doesn't hate Herman.
  He doesn't loathe him for real.
  He's annoyed by him regularly on the show.
  You're saying in the show.
  Yes, in the show.
  Everybody gets along.
  They get along.
  Grandpa is annoyed at Herman.
  He says, look what you did, you big dummy, sometimes.
  And that's who he thinks Herman's stupid.
  But he likes Herman, and they get in the hijinks together.
  In the movie, Grandpa hates Herman,  and it's never resolved.
  He hates him the whole time.
  Yeah, you really need, well, it has to be like,  you know,  we do a prequel like Monsters University.
  Yeah.
  It's weird.
  Wait, we know these characters are best friends.
  Right.
  Now this film has started and they hate each other.
  How this journey surely must take us to a point  where they are best friends by the end.
  That's what I thought.
  Oh, well, there'll be a point when Grandpa goes,  oh, great, you know what,  Herman's not such a bad guy or whatever.
  And then they like shake hands.
  After what we've been through,  this adventure through Paris and out of Transylvania  and what have you.
 No.
  Now, I don't think you're such a dummy.
  This is why I said something very insulting,  where I said, I don't know if anyone knows  what's good about or funny about the Monsters.
  It's like, that's not the relationship of the character.
  Like, he doesn't hate him.
  So it makes it not that fun.
  It makes it not fun for him the whole time to be like,  I gotta get rid of this lousy Herman Munster.
  And then it never resolved, never changes.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we are one summer out from the Space Jam sequel.
  Well.
  With very, which.
  You could forget.
  Kind of similar, like, do you like the Looney Tunes?  It seems like you all hate the Looney Tunes.
  I don't know that you got what was fun about the Looney Tunes.
  I don't know that you got what was fun about Space Jam 1.
  Like.
 1000%, yes, yeah.
  I, God, we just wanna make,  LeBron has a lot of contractual obligations  to advertise different products.
  And we are trying to launch a streaming service  that we will completely pull back a year and a half later.
  So if they would just let us do these tasks  and not make us have a coyote and a road runner  and all this shit, we could, you know,  we could make a fine piece of content.
  Can't this be about LeBron and the characters  from A Clockwork Orange?  Can't we?  Yeah.
  Can we showcase our other IPs?  A basketball player in a digital world  while the, what are they called?  The Druigs or the.
  Oh, I don't remember.
  What's that term?  I'm gonna get that right.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, you know, while the Clockwork Orange guys  clap silently, while this group of rapists  all cheer the basketball game,  and then while the Danny DeVito penguin,  not played by Danny DeVito.
  And the Burgess Meredith penguin,  not played by Burgess Meredith.
  And the different penguin.
  Multiple penguins.
  What we need to do is enter the Penguivers,  but then have neither member of the Penguivers do anything.
  Right.
  They need to clap at basketball.
  Yeah.
  That is, boy, you know what?  It remains a film I'm much angrier at than The Monsters.
  The Monsters was just deflating and frustrating.
  Yes, I agree.
  But boy, that was a space sham.
  That was pretty bad.
  But imagine this, like, I know, I've got the title.
  I've got it.
  A new legacy.
  Can you imagine if a sequel to something  that came back years later had the word legacy in it?  Has anything ever done that before?  Intern checks, yes.
  49 films.
  Shut up, shut the fuck up.
  A new legacy.
  The most inventive title there could ever be.
  Yeah.
  Look, to get a movie made, you have to convince  some of the dumbest people alive, executives, to make it.
  And then, unfortunately, a little of their panache  makes it into a lot of modern movies.
  That is true, yeah.
  Which is why, get rid of that.
  What we need is Kathy Kennedy and her rules.
  This is what makes films great.
  Well, OK, you mentioned that.
  This is a thing that irked me.
  The creation of Herman Munster, the naming of Herman Munster,  is the same as a Han Solo.
  Oh, Han, you're alone, Solo, like Herman.
  Which now we know was not.
  Maybe not an idea from Eiger, but an idea encouraged by Eiger.
  He loved it, yeah.
  That's why he wanted to make it.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  No one will snark about that.
  Yes, yes.
  We're talking about the man who titled his book  The Ride of a Lifetime while he was the head of a company  that actively does not call their attractions rides.
  That is true.
  So, yes.
  What a fuck up.
  Well, OK, can we also say that the origin of Herman Munster,  can someone remind me that there's  a mad scientist who's trying to make a very smart Frankenstein's  monster and he puts like there's two twins that both die.
  One is smart and one is a standup comedian.
  Yeah.
  And he puts the he accidentally puts the standup comedian's brain  inside the Frankenstein's monster and not the smart guy's brain.
  Am I right about that?  That is correct.
  OK, this is 20 minutes of the movie.
  Yeah.
  Or more.
  That might be the 30 minutes of this other character making Herman.
  The Herman slowdown.
  Yeah.
  And I should be where things really kick into gear.
  Yes.
  So there's a whole origin there leading up to the naming of Herman,  which, yes, is very yes by her.
  What's the man's name who plays early or hey, or hey, Gershian?  Yeah.
  And he's good.
  He's I liked him.
  Yeah.
  So, yes, there's a lot of that.
  Yeah.
  A quarter of the movie is this while Lily is going on dates  and trying to find a husband.
  The whole thing is like a little thought exercise of like if we if this movie  existed exactly as is and with the same look and maybe for my thought exercise,  you have to change the characters names, but otherwise it's the same length  and the same actors and the same director.
  But the movie was called like the monster Ellie's.
  This is an original film about a monster family and how a monster  husband and wife got together.
  But they're the count.
  The father in law was a little upset, but also three other things are happening.
  Like what?  This is no way we would be here.
  We would not be talking about it.
  No, no one would be.
  No one would have told us to watch it.
  I don't think we would have done it if Robuck wasn't in this.
  Yeah, I don't think we necessarily owe this to the audience  unless Robuck is in it and he is.
  Well, let's talk Robuck.
  What do we what do we think?  Does he does he explode off the screen the same way he does  when he shatters his photo with Helen Kushnick?  You are a ragged.
  You're right.
  I think Rogan, I can't I have to quote it.
  I said the thing about Grandpa earlier because I think it it's it's hamster.
  It gets him stuck.
  I think he is not able to embody the Al Lewis character  because he's stuck kind of really being upset the whole movie.
  And he's I don't know if that's his choice.
  It feels like it's the script.
  The script is like you hate Herman the whole time.
  And he's sort of stuck.
  He gets to do a little antics when he like mixes up a potion,  which is a very another common thing on the monsters is Grandpa  turning things into things accidentally.
  He gets things like turns himself into a wolf man.
  I think he turns somebody else into a wolf,  like a wolf man in monster go home.
  Maybe like it's a lot of money to there's an army base  and he turns all the soldiers in a wolf man.
  Yeah.
 So I don't know.
  I think he does a good job, but I don't think he has a lot to work with  when it comes to the dialogue.
  Mm hmm.
 He's got that.
  He's like you.
  You sense that he is a guy who likes  old old stuff and old hokey.
  And you could tell he's got a joy for the it's good casting.
  Yeah, I would say, but there's not not a lot to to work with.
  There's a yeah, like the Al Lewis is the great performance of Al Lewis.
  One of the performances of our time.
  He's got this twinkle in his eye.
  It's fun to see him.
 He gets schemes to it's fun to watch him and Herman  like do stupid shit.
  I don't know.
 There's just there's something like it's just like a grandpa was upset.
  Like I think it was a character.
  I mean, he was a character and he was a huckster.
  And like he just started living the gimmick later in his life.
  He just never stopped being grandpa.
  Al Lewis was.
 Yeah, Al Lewis is a lunatic.
  Yeah, vaudeville lunatic.
  Yeah, who had developed a crazy persona on stage  and was a very funny natural performer and just put makeup on him.
  And he was fun to watch.
  He was very fun to watch in that role.
  You know how there's that there's the thing of that I'm sure we've stepped into  and a lot of people, there's audience members who get upset,  who may who maybe liked the new Star Wars movies  and they get upset when podcasters snark on the new Star Wars movies.
  And I'm just flushing charm to life that  if if that syndrome happened for the if there's people listening  who are like, yeah, Al Lewis was your grandpa.
  OK, but maybe it's time to pass the torch to a net.
  Maybe there's these kids out there who love Daniel Roebuck.
  And that's their the count is their grandpa.
  And Al Lewis, he's gone.
  OK, he can't be in them anymore.
  And his restaurant owned by the mob or something  where he sat and read a newspaper in the front of the lobby.
  It's closed.
 OK, get over it.
  You're an adult.
  I'm sorry, Grandpa can't be like you remembered him when you were a kid.
  This is telling a different story with the character of Grandpa.
  Some of us grew up with Jerry O'Connell.
 OK.
  Some of us grew up with Edward Herman playing Herman.
  Oh, wow.
 Which is in the 90s.
  Yes.
 Gilmore.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 You know, there's little girls out there who they're growing up now.
  And to them, their Maryland is no Maryland.
  That they love that my daughter is going to be a vacant void for Halloween.
  But then there was also well, I guess I could say there's going to be people  that were talking about the pilot of the monsters,  but they probably did not see that until years later.
  Oh, no, it aired.
 It probably aired.
  Which one do you mean? You mean the one with Happy Dermen  instead of Butch Patrick is what I'm talking about.
  You waved your arms wildly to tell me Happy Dermen.
  Mary Happy Dermen.
  Maryland also changed actors to what's a Darren situation.
  Yes, that's true.
  Well, that was these names are all nonsense.
  Cloppy Glonk Glonk was chirpy chick check.
  Happy Dermen was my Eddie Munster when it was a darker show.
  That was aggravating to me that Eddie and Marilyn were not in it.
  How did the movie also not end with Herman? I'm pregnant.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  All these obvious things you would think that they're pregnant.
  Tummy's going like, oh, it's like monster sounds.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Also, for a guy who made a music video about the Dragula,  but starring the Munsters coach, no crazy car.
  Right.
 That is also why you're right.
  You're 100 percent correct.
  How was there not a Dragula fan?  I think he's I think he got very optimistic that this is one of many  monsters that he's still going to do.
  And maybe he's right.
  Maybe it was such a big hit on Netflix and the budget was so low  that we are in for more.
  It could be.
  Let me take this conversation in this direction, which is  one thing we haven't discussed in terms of behind the scenes,  how it came together, which is the company.
  This is made by Universal.
  Yes, but more specifically, Universal 1440.
  Yeah, something that was pointed out.
  Our friend Van Roveshow pointed this out when people were kind of dunking  on the trailer.
 He was a little like, OK, but remember,  maybe what you might not realize is this is made by this low budget  crank amount division.
  So if you're commenting on this looks so cheap, like they just cranked it out.
  That is probably what happened because that is the mission  of the company.
 Right.
  And what I bring this up now to say that  being a weird sheep disaster does not necessarily mean they won't make more  because it's the entire that they say.
  They make a lot of sequels to movies that aren't where you don't even like  the first movie.
  Let me go through there.
  The proud filmography of Universal 1440.
  They're the ones who made that weird Woody Woodpecker  that they like shady Woody Woodpecker movie in 2017.
  OK, why is there this now?  But mostly it's sequels from their kindergarten cop to with Dolph Lundgren.
  Right, right.
 I believe I've watched the they got the ownership of the  the long, long storied Land Before Time franchise.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They did the most recent with Land Before Time 14.
  Journey of the Brave.
  We're now in X1V where then that they're probably cursing  that they chose Roman numerals when they started doing these.
  Is it the same is it the same dinas as Little Foot, still the star  of the Land Before Time 14?  I think so, because they just get new kids every time.
  It's like, right.
 Right.
  Wait, what's the kid?  Oh, well, like the the peanuts, I say, as Jason is dressed exactly like Linus.
  Yeah, we should discuss that.
  I think, yeah, I think we're still a little so it's just like, all right.
  We just need to find a new five year old, pay their pay him six hundred dollars  maybe.
 Yeah, look at it.
  Yeah.
 Little Foot, Chomper.
  All my friends are still are still having adventures.
  We're the first movie I saw in a theater.
  Yeah.
 To and there's some of course, Petri Stor.
  So they're forever children, but we know death is inevitable for them  due to the extinction and level events.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 But we get a lot of time with them.
  Wow.
 Rob Paulson still in the mix.
  Hey, OK.
 Reba in the mix.
  Who? Reba Reba.
  McIntyre is a dinosaur.
  I don't know.
 She's at a Barry Bostwick is in it.
  Barry Bostwick is in like the majority of these.
  Barry Bostwick is the king of these straight to video.
  I'm surprised he's not the monster.
  I'm surprised he didn't play Herman.
  I don't know which of these exactly he's in, but I'm fairly confident  he's in Granddaddy Daycare.
  Wow.
 Really?  Daycare.
 And he is definitely  don't quote me on that just in case.
  I'm pretty sure he's the Paul Giamatti equivalent in Bigger Fatter Liar.
  Is that? Wow.
 Really?  Bigger.
 I did not know that one.
  I liked that.
 I liked Big Fat Liar.
  I have two notes, two areas.
  I would plus it up.
  The keynote.
 No, no, no.
 Liar.
  I like keep him a liar.
  Definitely keep him alive.
  Twenty seventeens, bigger fatter liar.
  And I believe you are.
  Yep.
 Barry Bostwick is Larry Wolf.
  If.
 Oh, that's right.
 He's a wolf.
  Wolf is the name of the guy and this must be his dad or his  wow.
  I don't look.
 I don't want to.
  I don't mean to.
  Barry Bostwick is not fatter than Paul Giamatti.
  No, at least at the time.
  They're not saying it necessarily.
  They're using it in the line.
  The lying is what is fat lies.
  OK, got it.
 Yeah.
  Jarhead three, the siege three, whatever to  Scorpion King five Book of Souls.
  Oh, I didn't know that one.
  Five.
 Who's the Scorpion King and Scorpion King five?  I don't know, but Lou Ferrigno was starting to be in a  who's there's a wrestler I'm not coming up with a way to know.
  Not really.
 Kimbo Slice.
  Oh, yeah.
  But I don't know if any of them are the Scorpion King.
  Scorpion King Book of Souls.
  I'm sorry.
 I pulled up the list.
  There's one on here that has no pun intended.
  Taken my breath away.
  Yes.
 Yeah, let's hear it.
  Hi.
 How high to.
  Oh, that's great.
  With it's like one kind of relevant rapper.
  Oh, Lil Yachty's in it.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Uh huh.
  Oh, wow.
 Lou.
  Yeah, Lou Ferrigno is in Scorpion King four Quest for Power.
  Rudger Hauer also in there.
  One of his last roles, I believe.
  Wow.
 God.
 Yeah.
  He died in 2019.
 I.
  It's I don't know where to even start with that.
  Let me go in the weirdest from here.
  Bench warmers to breaking balls.
  Starring John Lovett.
  Wow.
 Really?  That's that he's that he now is like the B team of Rob Schneider.
  Cop and a half new recruit with Lou Diamond.
  Wow.
 Cop and a half.
  There's probably listeners who do not know what cop and a half is.
  I do.
 I'm listening.
  They know, you know, it's Bert Reynolds teamed up with a precocious little kid.
  Directed by Henry Winkler, the source of the Joey Lawrence song.
  Nothing My Love Won't Fix Can't Fix, one of them.
  The this one cannot believe.
  And then this never came across any of our desks.
  All right, PD to really all right.
  PD got a sequel.
  Right, PD.
 No one like that for one.
  Wow.
 And then the funniest one, not the fight, but I like it.
  Dragonheart Battle for the Heartfire.
  The Heartfire.
 Yeah, heart fire.
  We got heart in the title twice.
  Dragonheart to how that's years after the first one.
  Oh, no, no, no, it's not to it's for that's another.
  Where the other ones go.
  Dragonheart 2 is Dragonheart, a new beginning from 2000.
  That was old.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, that one they jumped on.
  But then they were like, when are we going to make some sequels to Dragonheart 2?  Dragonheart 3, the sorcerer's curse.
  No, I'm going to sorcerer would do.
  That was more.
 That was 2015.
  So that's a 15 year break between Dragonhearts.
  I think at some point it stopped being Drago, the Sean Connery dragon,  though I'm not totally sure.
 I don't.
  I'm not sure the dragon voice has shifted.
  But the most recent one is Patrick Stewart.
  Patrick Stewart is doing these straight to video, which I know, you know,  he probably doesn't have to go for room.
 Yeah.
  I'm sorry.
 Did you already mention Inside Man?  Call it Inside Man, call in most want it.
  The sequel to Spike Lee's Inside Man.
  What? Weird.
  Like some of them are good.
  And so like, that's a quietly good little move.
  Like, yes.
 Yeah.
  Some of them are like notorious.
  Does that like RIPD for sure was a heema.
  I mean, I don't know what the people who make some of these movies,  everyone probably has a different philosophy about making a sequel  to a cop and a half, a cop and a half, for instance.
  But I assume Rob was using this as a way.
  OK, I can do a low budget and I can.
  Because that's his dream to do this.
  But this must have been the only way Universal was like,  we'll give you money to do this, as if we give you very little money.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  This might be the this might be the only way they're going to make Bros 2.
  I think you're sure.
 Sure.
  Let's do a new beginning.
 Right.
  And it'll be to Bros 3 battle for the heart fire.
  You get two hundred and fifty thousand to make it.
  Two hundred fifty K.
  Yeah.
 So Rob must have been like sort of covertly look like he was like,  we got to figure out a way to get me Munsters.
 Yeah.
  Because this must I guess the studio doesn't see it as a high priority  to make Munsters or they had maybe they needed somebody with they had more faith  because I think Rob has a very hardcore audience, smallish audience.
  So it seems like it should.
  I don't know.
 Maybe just lined up this way kind of in like  stream averse post covid like let's let's align this with this  end of the company and it makes more sense like this.
  I don't think there's a way Rob Zombie's Munsters goes into theaters in this year.
  Like maybe yeah, maybe 10 years ago.
 Right.
  But I think the economics are to maybe they're like,  maybe we can build a weird little culty thing on video and maybe they are.
  Are they not all the reviews? Yeah.
  And I could totally that was my big takeaway is like this.
 I could.
  You know, I had a lot more specific stuff to shit on with  Pinocchio was the Mecha's Pinocchio.
 Yeah.
  We talked about that on Blink Check and that feels like such a failure  in what it's trying to be.
  And this is a failure to the Munsters.
  But in terms of being like a kooky, low fight, the horror comedy,  I think it does get that.
  I just have no interest in that.
  I don't want to see that.
  Like I think it succeeds in being the weird merc  that it is.
 Does that make any sense? Yeah.
  But it's not it's not.
  I wouldn't call it like campy.
  Well, it is.
 I mean, it is trying to be campy.
  It's trying to be campy.
 Yeah.
  But it's I don't think it's.
  Well, it's not.
  I mean, Pinocchio, Pinoc, Disney, Pinocchio is is, you know,  a concerted effort by a corporation to  resell you nostalgia.
  And this you can I do feel like there's like he  I know that Rob loves this.
  I bet there wasn't a ton of studio interference.
  I think he probably got close to making the movie he wanted to make.
  It doesn't feel so cynical or anything.
  Pinocchio feels a bit cynical.
  I think you might say stream and all of these.
  The moment in the most cynical film, the reamed all the Disney remakes  are cynical in a lot of ways where I've said, I think I said on Blank Check,  or it's just these are these are savings bond.
  These are just a corporation knowing that their bottom line will be padded.
  X amount of money because it's a name and it's basically the same thing  you saw when you were little.
  And now you're going to let your kids see it.
  And your kids want to see a shiny CGI Pinocchio face.
  So but yeah, this is not that this is not the cynical  cash in of the Munsters brand.
  We're like, yeah, like it was passion fueling it.
  And there was passion for the way that it is, the way that it was made.
  I just don't vibe with.
  Yeah.
 He wanted to take.
  I think he was just interested in the very surface level elements of the Munsters.
  Like the way they look, they think that's it.
  They're monsters.
  I agree that that is why we understand dress who's in his other movies.
  Dress up like Herman.
  It's like when I was a kid and I was really into the Ghostbusters cartoon,  I got really into like, yes, they fight ghosts.
  They're Ghostbusters.
  The comedy was a secondary concern.
  What a kid it is.
  It's like he got fed the kid information.
  The stuff you like as a kid is the is permanent in the outfits.
  It's like some zany angles, zany stuff like he all the sort of superficial  stuff is there and the look of it is there.
  He does have a specific look for it.
  So but it's like,  if you want a comedy movie, it's got to have the jokes have to come faster.
  It's kind of isn't it crazy also when you compare it that this is like  there's been TV movies, right?  But like the first like after the fact monsters movie  really is this and then you compare it to the kinds of movies  that the Adams family got.
  Well, which are great masterpieces, gothic, beautifully shot,  immaculatly incredible performances.
  Second one, funnier, better.
  Yes, I mean, it's like I think they were nominated for Oscars for like set.
  I mean, like filmically, I mean, I don't need to make the argument  that those are great, but like how unfair that the Adams family got this  like like a true film.
  And then this got a lot of shot on a phone.
  It didn't wasn't the biggest hit, but a Broadway musical based on Adams family.
  There's a new Tim Burton produced.
  I mean, the show, it's like they have they're running a marathon  and they have like a 15 mile head start.
  And the Adams family was a cartoon, a comic strip first.
 Yes.
  But I think the Munsters is a better show than the Adams family.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, I agree.
  Yeah, because I've tried to watch both of them and like this fun stuff  about Adams family and it's fun to watch most of those performers.
  But Munsters is an energy and I don't know.
  I think I don't want to look.
  I'm not shitting at John Astin.
  I like John Astin a lot.
  But Herman and Grandpa are a little more fun than any of the Adams family.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah.
  But I think I mean, I, Scott, I think you mentioned it earlier,  but like the absence of like a room full of Joe Crider  like ringers is you can kind of feel it in this.
  And I'm sure they didn't have like  fucking budget to put together a punch up room, you know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It made me there's not a lot of like things I'd like to take a shot at,  but it made me kind of want to take a shot at the Munsters.
  I'll be honest.
 I thought it like who cares about it.
  But I was watching and I was like, I could take I could write this Munster script.
  I was like, I never thought that I don't I don't.
  This thought will leave me, by the way, I think very quickly.
  Yeah, but there's other things to do with your life.
  Other things to do with my life.
  But I definitely was like, give me a shot at the Munsters.
  Maybe I think that would be a wacky, kooky  Munsters TV show would probably be the hardest sell right now.
  And I think someone will hit on like a more wacky,  like kind of sitcom, traditional sitcom.
  And then it'll be like the new hot thing, like Kooky.
  Munsters are just a sitcom in general.
  Sitcom in general.
  But I think for 20 years, my friend.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So but there's a little there's a little.
  Chalk.
  You need to bring back the Munsters.
  That's what I figured out.
  It could be that could be the truth.
  That could be the formula.
  Yeah.
 If somebody was really determined, we need our magic shows.
  Back.
 That's confusing because there's magic shows.
  I mean, shows with magic in them and monsters.
  Yeah.
 Genies and witches, which is what we all grew up like.
  Yes, the show is I feel like we grew up watching them because of Nick at Night.
  And our our parents were all the most excited to show us those.
  Yes.
 Stuff they grew up with.
  Oh, you got to see this one.
  You got to see the witch show in the gene.
  There's a witch show and a genie show.
  They're basically kind of the same gimmick.
  Yeah.
 But by the way, they're not the monster show.
  Yeah, there's two monster shows.
  There's two.
  My lady, your marriage to a powers woman.
  They were into our reuse.
  She was not married to Major Nelson.
  He was she wanted to get married to her.
  OK, she was just like they eventually did get married.
  OK, OK.
 But she wanted to marry Major Nelson, but he was against it.
  And I dream of Jeannie, which we need to talk about.
  I dream of Jeannie more on the show, I guess.
  It might be somehow the first time.
  That's pretty incredible.
  Have I not said the name Barbara Eden on the show before?  I feel like I have.
  If you know Jeannie from I dream of Jeannie.
  Still alive, although I shouldn't have said that.
  Not going to worry.
  I know we're going to be I can't believe I'm going to do it again.
  Well, look, he's lived a great couple of months since then.
  I can't believe we didn't cause Buzz Aldrin's death.
  Oh, yeah, I know.
 I was sure we were.
  I just saw the  one of those this day in Disney history accounts I follow.
  In 2009, there was like a ticker tape parade  for a Buzz Lightyear toy that had come back from space.
  It was either on the space  and then Buzz Aldrin was also there and like took a picture holding it.
  And I'm like, oh, yeah, OK.
  Fall of the recession, fall of 2009.
  I was like, recession.
  Yeah, pretty, pretty cost effective.
  Limited time of magic.
  That's good.
  You know, I'll say the credits are great.
  The credits is a fun little animated sequence.
  They got a fun little song playing there.
  It's like a Monster Mash ripoff.
  I go, well, this is good like this.
  I like these credits a lot.
  Yeah, the one trailer was just the end of the movie.
  It's that's yeah, right.
  They show that little the recreation of the opening.
  Yeah, original opening.
  Well, this might be the time where I'm backed into a corner.
  How long have we been going a little over an hour about that?  Something like that.
  I wanted to see how far I could get through the episode without saying  I did not finish this film.
  I was like, I thought about it.
  I thought about it.
  I thought about it.
  You all thought we all thought about it.
  I was I was kind of hoping maybe we all did.
  Wouldn't that have been funny?  And we didn't want to tell each other.
  I'll say this.
  I watched 10 minutes of it and I was mad because the first or second line  was like, gee, you think?  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then Grandpa goes, oh, my back.
  And I was like, all right, I'm back on board.
  And then I watched half an hour and I.
  How far did you get?  Did you get what kids say?  Andrew Peterson, where a virus show?  You didn't even get there.
  You were I almost admitted it because you were talking about the half hour point.
  I made it to 38 minutes.
  That's all.
 That's how I said I missed most of the movie.
  Yeah, yes.
  I hate it.
  It sounded like I was doing Herman's voice from this movie.
  Thirty eight minutes.
  Thirty eight minutes.
  I got that where I even have no no.
  I got to where  Herman was like playing in a band.
  He's in a club.
  He's like a real aggressive punk song.
  And that's sort of based on one of the episodes when Herman is is like a drag  kind of racing guy.
  And yes.
  And that's kind of I'm sorry you stop there because at least that's a montage  and there's some energy to that.
  I just like I don't know what it was about that in particular.
  I just like the music choice.
  No, the song is fine.
  I just you know, I think it's it's around where I wrote down one of my last notes  was it's not bad enough.
  Well, that's true.
  That's true.
  You're right.
  Pinocchio was so wretched like that.
  Truly, that is an F.
  That is one of the worst movies ever.
  I still like Honest John from Pinocchio better than any character in this movie.
  I yeah, I so I watched the first few minutes and then I had to go out.
  And then I started like I like watched a little more.
  And then I started jumping around the streaming services and like on Peacock.
  They're like leaving soon.
  The Brendan Fraser mummy.
  And I'm like, first off, you own this.
  How is it leaving soon?  But I was like, what if I just showed up and it did the same as you did?  Just got away with it for as long as I could.
  I was like, guys, I just watched the Brendan Fraser mummy for the millionth time again.
  Yeah, I was going to say, you're here.
  Two movies are the Brendan Fraser mummy and born identity.
  And now you see, I would put the Now You See Me series.
  Yeah.
 So wait, really?  I didn't think I don't think I knew that.
  Oh, for like in in they're ridiculous.
  But if they're on cable and I'm flipping channels, it's like, I'll stop and watch this.
  I would too.
 No, I know what bad enough.
  That's what's up with those movies.
  Yeah, pretty bad, but pretty watchably bad.
  I but so then like the lay I had like 30 one night.
  I had like 30 minutes in the movie left.
  And I was like, all right, I'm going to take a weed gummy.
  And this is the kind I'm taking it late at night and it'll make me sleepy.
  And I'm going to erase my weed gummy.
  I'm going to try to finish this movie.
  And I fucked up.
 And I didn't.
  I fell asleep with like 15 minutes left.
  I was so mad that I had to go back and do it.
  I was the last 15 minutes, which is when like the last 20, 30 minutes,  they start to get somewhere like when they get to America, literally get somewhere.
  But they don't get anywhere.
  There's kind of going back in my mind when I was talking about the end,  it's got was just nodding along.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 See about it.
  30.
 I didn't say anything.
  I just kind of like I stayed silent.
  You said something and I agree.
 You're saying something you were.
 Yeah.
  So they real quick, I was just like, yeah.
  So the last 20 minutes, all of a sudden, it's like there's a they think  there's a problem and they have to go to America and they have a Halloween party  and they meet Cassandra Peterson, the liar who plays.
  Everyone's really cool because I'm not saying it to sell you on the move.
  Oh, no, no.
 I shall not be going back.
 So boring.
  Yeah, that's the issue.
  The boring is the killer of, you know, it's why.
  Look, you people maybe know I have this affinity in connection with the room,  which is the gold standard of crazy bad movies.
  It's not boring.
  It's boring once when there's a sex scene you don't need way deep into it.
  And we call that the seventh inning stretch.
  And you just that's your chance to like go to the bathroom.
  So it's it's, you know, calculated, not calculated, but it's  be selectively boring.
 Yeah.
  Just but you can't be so mushy.
  Yeah.
 For so long.
  I almost didn't.
 Yeah.
  I had to talk myself out of stopping it.
  I said, no, you should.
 Well, you have to finish it.
  Finish it.
 You have to finish it because I saw 40 minutes left and I went, oh, OK.
  And then it's that there is starting to get towards more hijinks.
  Like she's dressed the real estate agent is dressed like a witch.
  OK, but here's another here's another just bizarre thing.
  OK, Cassandra Peterson is a real estate agent that's going to sell the mocking  1313 Mockingbird Lane, which is the Munster's house, and it is the Munster's house.
  And she's like, well, by the way, next time you see me,  I'm going to be dressed up for a Halloween party.
  So don't get scared because it's Halloween.
  Yeah.
 So she opens the door and sees them.
  And she passes out.
  I go, well, I start yelling.
  I go, I go, no, no, no, no.
  It's Halloween.
 Why would she?  She's supposed to say, oh, great costumes.
  And then they say no when she passes out.
  And I'm just like yelling to Lindsey.
  She goes, I know it's what is she met them already.
  No, she's on the phone with them.
  OK, but still, it's Halloween.
  She's established.
 It's Halloween.
  The joke is she passes out afterward.
  So she passes out and then she gets up and goes, oh, those are good costumes.
  And I go, what? Who wrote this?  I know who wrote it.
 Rob Zombie did.
  But I go, I don't understand.
  These are the basic tenets of the monsters.
  This gag is in every episode where they go great costume and they go, what cost?  Like, it's the same thing.
  Every episode.
 I drove me to driving nuts.
  Easy.
 It's just missing layups.
  It's a little layups are being missed left and right.
  The bar is very low.
  I even went in the section of it because this all happened quick.
  Because remember, I was saying I was first 15 minutes.
  I was like, yeah, not so bad.
  And then, boy, did I just.
  Yeah, it didn't even turn as I said, it's not F.
  It just turned into C.
  And I'm like, yeah, I've written no notes.
  My Pinocchio notes were thorough.
  It is a thing every 10 seconds to shit on in that movie.
  I just realized I don't have anything to say.
  You know what I'm going to do?  I'm going to come in with this list of universal 14, 40 movies.
  You're going to contribute.
  And I look at listeners, I'm sorry, but the agreement is not necessarily that.
  Well, I we never said we're all going to watch.
  No, I don't want this to be the bar.
  It's better.
  Sure.
 I know I'm like I wasn't fulfilling my end of the bargain.
  I did.
 Did I not entertain you?  Were you not entertained?  Check out Cardi Gladiator five star.
  Hook the hook me to the lie detector test.
  I don't care that you didn't watch it.
  I didn't think this felt like the one.
  And it wouldn't even you know, I think it would have been more of a betrayal  with something worse that we watched.
 Father of the Pride.
  Remember that where we cut deals even.
  That's true.
 We discussed it.
  Can are we allowed to escape one episode and do something else?  And Jason didn't take the deal because I think you kind of liked the show.
  You chose to go back in and watch more.
  Oh, did.
 Well, I just wanted to know what the whole idea.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 You want more.
  The tolerance was high.
  There are very famous breaks.
  There are very famous breaks in our viewing.
  I mean, it's I don't do not really do not relitigate any of this.
  There's of course the Country Bears fiasco.
  There's the Clifford.
  I think there's a times when you're on one side and Scott and I are on the other  as far as viewing is concerned.
 Yeah, sure.
  But I think we're all one of those.
  I don't mind.
 I still came to play.
  Yeah.
 And you know what?  I basically had two days where I was supposed to use some of the time  to watch the remaining what?  Still hour and 10 of the monsters.
  You know what I did instead?  I went and had a magical afternoon with my son and my sister.
  They got to bond.
  Oh, that's nice.
  Side of the family bonding.
  I set up a delightful skeleton display in that nice front yard.
  I had a blast doing that.
  I went to a kid's birthday party.
  I saw a lot of friends and sure they're wonderful children.
  And there were walk around pandas and zebras in a magical garden environment.
  That's great.
 That was a lovely time.
  I raised a birthday toast to one of the greats, Mike Mitchell.
  Happy birthday, Mike.
  Happy birthday.
  I hope you get everything that's coming to you, especially because you got me away  from watching more of this movie.
  It's all lovely.
  A great pizza.
  I had fantastic bagels.
  Food tasted better.
  Colors were more vibrant.
  Well, I don't know about that one.
  More vibrant.
  More vibrant than the monster colors.
  You can believe I learned to appreciate the regular boring color of the sky  ahead of the electric green that colors most of the monsters by Rob Zombie.
  I mean, colors, I got to give them high marks on the colors,  on the colored lighting.
  But I got to see those.
  Those weren't anywhere except for the very end where it turned black and white.
  But I already saw that in the teaser.
  I guess what I'm saying is, you know, if the idea is that you  we don't really like recommend the movies or not.
  But if you're on the fence about it, you know, I all I can say is that I had  a wonderful 48 hours when I made the choice to not watch it  or to just watch a little bit of it.
  And if my attitude now tells you anything about how you'll feel  when you choose to only watch part of the monsters by Rob Zombie.
  I don't know.
 Take take that as you will.
  You somehow got a better recommendation, two recommendations in there.
  Forty eight hours and another 48 hours.
  And Universal's 48 hours three.
  Is that? Oh, yes.
  Oh, yeah.
 There is another.
  There is a sequel prequel remake coming to 48 hours.
  I think.
 Yeah, I bet.
  I was going to say, here's what I think you should do.
  Listeners, instead of watching this, I would I would go back and watch  go through all the descriptions of monster episodes, figure out what outfit  sounds like it's the funniest for Herman aware.
  Watch that and then watch the movie The Late Shift on HBO.
  Oh, and just like jumble it all up in your head.
  You'll feel like you watch this.
  So that's a movie with a fun outfit.
  Where I was like a big crazy monster man.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Jay should have been in this movie.
  He was Herman or so now.
  Yeah, boy.
 Oh, God.
  There should have been there's  there have there in the last couple of years, there have been this portrayal  of Herman and there's another portrayal of Herman very briefly in a movie  that makes me want to see a full movie with this person playing him.
  You know, I'm talking about.
  No, Jason, you know what I'm talking about?  Liquors pizza.
 Correct.
  Yes.
 There is a Jason spoiler alert.
 Thanks.
  Sorry.
 I'll get around to this.
  It's nothing.
 It's not.
  But there's a there's a scene at the politics that they shot at the palladium.
  Spoiler alert where it's like all like it's a trade show, but also has like  actors from the time because it takes place in the 70s.
  And there's a guy dressed as Herman Munster in the background.
  And it's clearly John C.
  Riley as Herman.
  And I'm like, that would be a really that'd be awesome.
  Kind of like you.
  It doesn't click until right after he leaves the camera goes past him.
  And then you're like, oh, wait.
  Yes.
 But in the theater, you can't go backwards.
  So the audience is all everybody's like looking at each other like, was it?  I think.
 Yes.
  And is that his only appearance in the movie? Oh, yeah.
  It's not very close to him either.
  And I missed it.
  I was like, whoa, is that John C.
  Riley's Herman Munster? Yeah.
  Oh, that's right.
 That's the way.
  And that's where I was like, that's even where I was like, oh, I'm like,  maybe somebody could do the monsters.
  And then you think of Adam's family and you go, oh, I guess they did make a much  better version.
 Like, yeah.
  Well, Julie, that's one of the greatest.
  So I saw some fucking good.
  He's so good.
  There is a great  horror comedy TV show on right now, and it's called What We Do in the Shadows.
  It just gets better every season.
  Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
  With a lot of great comedic performers.
 Buzz.
  Buzz.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  I mean, also, somebody can make a good argument for like doing new stuff.
  I suppose.
  But why would we want that?  You know, we do in the shadows is based on a movie that is.
  At least it's a newer movie.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's a newer movie.
  And it's all a new bunch of characters with like cameos from older characters.
  Uh huh.
 So I did want to contribute a little something,  which is this is something I had a faint memory of.
  Of one thing we haven't really talked about.
  We've talked about briefly mentioned the Fox movie with Bernard Herman.
  That's weird.
 It's Herman.
  Herman is Herman.
 Is Edward Herman is the guy's name?  Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that might be right.
  Apologies.
 The I think we didn't really, though, talk about the Munsters today,  which is one that I remember strongly.
  I was going to say sort of strong.
  This was like this was a syndicated show in the late 80s  that was made with like small wonder production value, you know,  like syndicated multicam where it's a little cheap.
  I mean, so not, you know, it's like the Munsters.
  The budget has stepped down through the decades to where we made it to this.
  Yeah.
 Croatia film.
  I don't know if we said that part.
 Oh, yeah, right.
  I believe so.
 That may be another thing about this movie due to whatever tax  benefits or like filming benefits.
  They might have actually made money on this movie  just by the sheer nature of shooting it in Croatia in a way that like,  well, they didn't make money on Pinocchio just by creating it.
  But this they're like, if we do this movie, we somehow end up ahead.
  Yeah, you know.
 Yeah, I bet.
  I think Universal 1440 might be the most savvy.
  Yeah, they know what they're doing.
 Part of the entire entertainment industry.
  Have you ever asked like your agent or something like, you know what?  Give me a meeting with them.
  No, no.
 Show me the list.
  Oh, because that's actually got to just to get the list.
  A bad idea to at least to take a look at the low.
  Yeah.
 What are the universal bottom feeders?  I what's the  this movie called the Frighteners?  Michael J.
 Fox.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Frighteners.
  I want to do Frightener's too.
 Like, why not?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm just trying to remember any.
  The budget is $50,000 to do the Frightener's too.
  Or like, I think a similar title, Sneakers.
  Yeah.
 Do a new sneakers with Barry Bostwick and Lou Diamond Phillips.
  We got a hot new cast to be the new sneakers.
  I did read every now and then there's an interesting  like diamond in the rough in the straight streaming.
  I read an essay a while back about like the career of Scott Atkins.
  And it's like he makes a lot of great direct to streaming action movies.
  Check out Universal Soldier four.
  The writers like, I sound crazy.
  Watch this movie, because it's one of the best action movies of the odds.
  There's a thing I say to any time I the few times,  but any time I have a meeting of some kind, I end up talking about this  and no one ever likes it as an idea.
  But I always am like, show me the list and then let's team up  the two things on the bottom of the list as far as like what properties  they have to reboot.
 Yeah.
  Because like I was like, let's just let's just roll in the slop, you know, for here.
  Let's just do it.
 I go, let's team like Mr.
  Belvedere meets like air wolf or Belvedere and like like  small world wonder and Belvedere.
  Like what is the like, what's the role like?  So sneakers versus frighteners.
  Here, let's try to do one.
  I'm here just I'm going to skim down the list of universal movies from the 90s.
  Yeah.
 And just tell me to stop.
 Sure.
  Stop.
  Cool as ice.
  Oh, great.
 And I'll tell you.
 Great.
  OK, Jason, call the next one.
  Stop.
  Carlito's way.
  Oh, yeah.
  Carlito's way versus cool as I.
  Yeah, this is what I'm saying.
  What's cool is ice.
  That's a vanilla ice movie.
 OK.
  I've seen that movie a lot of it.
  Now, that's a good band.
  Not all of it.
 There is boy.
  There's some slogs, but you can you get a good like you can  shake a good 45 minutes out of cool as ice.
  I know.
 Does anyone know anything about Carlito's way?  Is that the the prequel?  OK, there's a bar in the valley opening soon called Carlito's Way.
  And I believe that is the prequel to Scarface.
  Is that right? Oh, is it?  Carl, I it's got a you know, but I don't I don't know if it's  no, because I think no, because he plays Carlito Brigante.
  Yeah, it's finally going to cross paths with Johnny Van Owen.
  OK, I believe Drifter rapper.
  I believe it was released style on DVD  in the 2000s, and they did a lot of like from the producer of Scarface  where I mushed it up in my brain.
  Films based mainly on after hours, but use the title of the first novel  to avoid it being confused with Martin Scorsese's 1985 film.
  OK, OK.
 So it's yeah.
  So I tell you, anytime I've ever been in a meeting with anyone  who's sort of important, I say anything like this.
  The the nothing face that has greeted me every time.
  No one ever, ever entertained by this idea.
  What do you know? They we love only IP.
  All we ever want is IP.
 All right.
  Here's a fun new IP idea.
 Never dare you.
  Let me can we show you the rule book that we have for Carlito's way?  I sneak this into the last five minutes of like a meeting or a general meeting.
  It's always a matter of nothing.
  Not even like, oh, that is really funny to do like Mr.
  Belvedere or something shitty or well, they're going to that that's true.
  They're going to eat turds when in the smash success, by which I mean,  like via tax loops, the smash success of cool as Carlito's way.
  Or is it Carlito's way as ice?  I like cool as Carlito's way.
  I think that's good.
  I don't know much about Carlito, but I feel like they'll feel like they'll get a lot.
  You know, he's all right.
  So he's just released from prison.
  And like Johnny Van Owen is a wrong side of the tracks.
  You know, he's like a bad kid.
  That's why the Winslow family doesn't want their daughter  Kathy to be spending time with him and running around an empty construction site  with him and her father.
  And that I remember in cool as ice as Gordon Winslow,  whose spoiler alert is on the lam from the mafia.
  Holy shit.
 It ties right into organized crime and Carly.
  Oh, my God.
 All right.
  It's actually perfect.
  And this character is played by Michael Gross of Family Ties fame.
  Who's in a lot of the Universal 1440 movies.
  So Michael's ready.
  He's ready to reprise his role as Gordon Winslow.
  I love it.
 Will they get Deezer D back?  Who knows? Will they get Sean Penn back?  I will make an offer.
  Yeah, we'll see if he's around.
  Well, look, when the gang from Deadly Games reaches out for help to manable.
  Yes, what I.
 That's a great one.
  Yeah, that's a piece.
  There's only half my interest in neither onto something I keep.
  You would think I'm insane the way people talk to me or like when I say this to them.
  One person, at least, I think maybe said like, oh, that is kind of funny,  but I don't know about sustainability.
  I go, well, no, these shows aren't lasting anyway.
  These like mad about you is one season and it's out and it cost way more than it.
  Like this word.
  That's true.
 And you have to pay all these people who do care about who can command.
  Helen Hunt's relevant.
  Sure.
 A big salary.
  But when you when you're paying these are D to come back as jazz.
  Cool is Carlito Belvedere's dead.
  So we got to recast him and he can get an unknown.
  We can get Jason Sheridan to play Belvedere.
  I would gladly play Belvedere.
  Come on.
 Jason Sheridan is young Belvedere and then it Belvedere verse TJ Hooker.
  And we recast or we have Shatner.
  Shatner will do it for cheap.
  You know, we can he does he needs to work.
  Mm hmm.
 He loves to work.
  There's all this garbage with him that you never heard of because he just does anything.
  You know, it's funny.
 Producer friend of mine just gave me the literal price for Christopher Lloyd.
  Just if you're curious, I now know the no.
  Wow, really? Not going to say it now, but it's not it's not not doable.
  Sure.
 I believe a guy likes to work.
  But it's also respected, but he's not like, you know, he's not a temp.
  Sure.
 But anyway, it was fascinating to learn the number.
  I love his Instagram.
 Christopher Lloyd's Instagram.
  I know he's on Instagram.
 He's on Instagram.
  And it's just kind of like like handsome looking pictures of him, like in a nice shirt.
  Wow.
 That's nice.
  I think his wife is in charge of it.
  Oh, but it'll be like, oh, yeah, like share some of your favorite memories of my films.
  And I'm like, he's not writing this.
  I mean, pairing just getting just take Christopher Lloyd characters  like the bottom rung and put them together, which we know Sebastian Jackal.
  But then with like, is he does he play Mr.
 Payback and Mr.
 Payback?  No, I don't think he does.
 He plays.
  I don't know.
  OK.
 Ed Jarvis.
  So Ed Jarvis versus we're so deep in the women.
  Nobody knows.
 Yeah.
  Everyone's turned this episode off.
  A lot of Cliff Notes.
  I'm going to print some money right now.
  Hudson Hawk versus Ford Fairley.
  Yeah, sure.
  I think Bruce Willis just sold him his likeness to a deep fake company.
  I think it's fake.
 I think the story itself might be.
  I only have heard it anyway.
 So perfect.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
 But why?  But people it's going to give a lot of people a lot of ideas.
  Yeah, maybe he doesn't do it, but maybe a chess voluntary does it.
  It just feels like raking in residuals from themselves.
  Well, all right.
 We got a plan.
  I think I mean, we can wind it down.
  Unless there's unless I missed something incredible,  someone out there is going to be like, he didn't even finish the bit like using  logic and yeah, inferring.
  I don't.
 There is a kind of strange sequence where they find the spot.
  Spot is the monster who lives under the stairs.
  They he's like a little dragon guy.
  He should have been in it more.
  They should.
 He should have been around.
  Yeah, they find him in the sewers in Paris.
  I'll say the gag I think I like the best was the at the Halloween party.
  Herman meets a group of undertakers who are just kind of like sinister,  kind of weird ghouls, and they want him to work, work for them.
  I don't remember that.
  Neither do I.
  I'm looking at my phone or dealing with the baby.
 I don't know.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, you know, it's the perfect kind of shit for you to do.
  And you're like, sit around, stay awake forever.
  You had a baby before the monsters had Eddie.
  That's a good point.
 In the new monsters.
  Good point.
 Wait, what do you mean?  There's no Eddie.
  He has a baby.
 Oh, right.
  Oh, yes.
 Oh, I see.
  Right.
 Right.
 Insane.
  Yeah.
 At least you got to show us a baby with a widow's peak.
 Right.
  That's the main like easy.
  How do they not do that? It's the easiest thing ever.
  That's another thing where you're like, OK, Herman and grandpa are going to get along  by the end of this.
 By the end of this, they're going to have Eddie.
  By the end, like none of it happens.
 Yeah.
  So strange.
 At least I guess the house is the closest thing.
  But still, that wasn't even something I was looking for.
  I was like, oh, it needs to have the house at the end.
  The other two, I was like, for sure, that's going to happen.
  Because there's even a scene where he's like, Lily, though.
  Well, like he's in the hotel room and they're going to like fornicate.
  Yeah.
 But I even talked about Lester, the werewolf deadbeat brother.
  Yeah, we haven't talked about Zombo.
  And I will say this.
  I have a Zombo toy from the movie that I bought.
  I had a friend buy me from Comic Con.
  You own a toy of this movie.
  Yeah, I do.
 Oh, my God.
  I have to sell it, I think.
  Let me ask you a question.
 Yes, go ahead.
  I got toys made Zombo and they're making toys from this movie.
  All right.
 I like the name Zombo.
  Zombo is great.
 And the design is cool.
  So I may keep it.
 But.
  OK, just real quick.
 Tell me who is Zombo.
  Zombo is like a children.
  It's from the original show.
  He's like a TV character.
  He's dressed like that when Ivan Ooze is like  like advertising the Ooze with the little hat, the wizard's hat.
  He's like Zombo is like a children's character.
  Who is he in the movie?  He's on TV.
 He's like a show.
 It's a show.
  Oh, OK.
 Zombo is doing a show.
  OK, I remember his Bozo.
  Exactly.
 Yes.
 OK.
  He's like Zombie Bozo.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Interesting.
  So, yes, I got too excited and said, yeah, pick me up a Zombo.
  Griffin Newman may have also picked up a Zombo.
  I forget.
 I don't know.
  You might have two Zombo's.
  I don't know.
 Well, not for me.
  He bought it for himself.
  I don't know if he has a Zombo or not,  but I think he mentioned he may need a Zombo before Comic Con.
  He does use that phrase need for things like that.
  This is how all the I will say this is all the toy guys I know talk.
  I'm going to need one of those.
  Yeah.
 Kind of like with a little regret, the little bit.
  Yeah.
 You know, you're aware of how it sounds.
  It's a justification in your own mind of like, can't turn this one down.
  Yeah.
 Shit.
 Oh, oh.
  All right.
 And so you're maybe not  going to need to watch more than 38 minutes of the movie, but you are need to get  you are going to need to get a Zombo.
  That's to the listeners.
  Yeah.
 For the listener.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, I do like your Zombo.
  I do.
 I mean, he's in the box still.
  The box is cool.
  It will probably be the last zombie monster's toy I get because they're making  this is in the eight inch doll line, which is different than the seven inch.
  Like the back to the future figures I've gotten, you are the seven inch  ultimate line.
  Zombo is kind of more of like a doll.
  He's a little bit bigger.
  He's not a plush, but he's a little bit more.
  He's a little taller and he's a little bit more like, I don't know,  the clothes are a little looser.
  They're not like molded onto the figure.
  Well, speaking of pairing up obscure properties,  now you get to go home and Zombo can face off against Mr.
  Taffy.
 Yes.
  Oh, Zombo meets Taffy.
  It's funny you say that because I am  I'm very big on making sure the scale is right when I'm displaying things.
  Ah, yeah.
  So I'll have to see how it lines up is what I'm saying.
  Well, it's hard to know how big Zombo or well, Zombo,  more so Mr.
 Taffy.
  We don't you know, we only Jason can affirm that from his travels to New Jersey.
  Well, he's certainly taller than me.
  So  I'd say he's a little tall.
  I think through pictures, I think I have a picture with Mr.
  Taffy.
 Oh, great.
  Well, there used to be a time on the board was your live time in the boardwalk.
  You could walk.
  You get a picture with this staffy, walk down the block,  get a picture with Mr.
  Peanut, you know.
  Mm hmm.
 This seems a boy.
  So this is a sad New Jersey.
  Yeah, this is a really I know.
  Well, the calli after many decades, the peanut shop finally shut down.
  So blew up the peanut.
  They blew up the peanut.
  Last night blew up the peanut, man.
  All right.
 Well, it seems like we're done.
  So let me do the the little post show plugs and and then one more little thing.
  So you survived haunt cast the fright.
  And I hope you listen for I do hope you listen to more than 38 minutes of it.
  Thank you for subscribing to the cemetery gate.
  If you want to dig like Grave, dig even deeper.
  Join us on our new Patreon tier club three, which has a spooky name coming.
  We'll have to discuss it.
  And that's where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free for this month.
  We have landed on by audience demand in a squeaker.
  It's real squeak.
  I was incredible.
  I Island Under Siege, which is the 2002  Marvel scare zone at Islands of Adventure,  where the superheroes are dead and the villains have run rampant.
  Yeah.
 And superhero Island.
  Yeah, that's a premise.
  I don't know about it.
  I'm excited to check it out.
  Thrilled.
 See, and see, it's sort of in league.
  It's as inventive as Mike's idea of pairing up the obscure.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which seems like then the Marvel rulebook came out.
  And that was the end of that.
  But we'll deal with that on Club Three.
  Check that out on Club Three for now.
  Just quick clip.
  This is from I was starting to say the Munsters today, the 80s show,  when it's in the late 80s.
  So you know what you have to have your  fish out of water characters do?  They got a rap.
  And this is from the premise here is that the Munsters are  they have gone to visit.
  So a rock band was living in their house.
  The rock band is called the Lizards and then grandpa turned them into actual lizards.
  So they they're going to be late for their heavily  hyped up appearance on the show Rock Fever.
  So and the audience is psyched.
  They cannot wait to see the lizards.
  So the Munsters have to bring the lizards and hope that something  happened or that they at least can apologize or whatever.
  But instead, oh, you guys must be the lizards.
  Shove them onto the stage.
  And now they're with the lizards instruments.
  What are we going to do?  The audience is waiting.
  The audience doesn't seem to care that they aren't the band.
  They're so excited.
  They don't know what they look like.
  They just like the name the lizards.
  Anyway, what do we do?  We got to improvise.
  And Herman improvises a rap about how much she loves Lily.
  So that's that this thanks for listening.
  And so we'll see how much of this we can we can get through.
  Take it away, Herman.
  Ready, one, two, one, two, three, four.
  I saw her across the swamp one night and knew it was love at first sight.
  And tones and snakes slithered by.
  I hope that I would catch her eye.
  So he gives the monster rap.
  So he gives the monster rap.
  When she spoke, wolves howled and howled.
  Let's do it.
  I knew that I would love her so.
  She came right out and growled.
  He shakes the ground when he stalks him.
