 Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Cemetery Gate.
 I'm Scott Grave Digner joined by Jason Skeleton.
  Hi.
  Hey, and Mike, I think.
 Yes?  I want to say this, and somebody's going to say I've already said this like three years ago, four years ago.
  Have I tried to use the name Michael Madsen yet?  Like the actor?  I don't know who you're talking about, but Michael Madsen.
  That's what I'm thinking of as far as my Halloween name.
  Michael Manson?  No, Manson.
  No, no, no.
 It's a play on that there is a Michael Madsen, the actor.
  I guess Scott's right.
  But that Halloween name would be Madsen.
  So it is both a scary name and a reference to the guy.
  Exactly.
  So have I used that before? I don't think so, but maybe I did.
  I think I support it for clunkiness reasons, but I feel like it made Jason mad.
  No, not mad.
 I'm just confused.
  Madden.
  I'm just confused.
  It just to me seemed like why a bigger reach than one of the Crypt Keepers puppeteer arms reaching for a funny prop.
  I don't think a reach at all.
 Carl Mad and the sun is there.
  I don't think that's a reach.
  Some might say skeletons a bigger reach, quite frankly.
  Yeah, that's fair.
 That is fair.
  Some people are saying it.
  This is what a we bungle the Halloween names like crazy.
  That's true.
  Every time we could just say a name, but instead it's a process.
  It's a whole deal.
  Hopefully by the end we've solved it and settled it.
  It's funny that we're still fumbling through things of this nature because I was just putting some dots together.
  I don't know if you guys know this, that the day after this comes out, the day after people are hearing this will be the fifth anniversary of podcast The Ride.
  The fifth anniversary of the day we released the first episode.
  That was October 20th.
  Everyone say we all know it.
  It's like the back of the future day.
  It was also an October 20 something famous date.
  Now, well, are you forgetting we released early on a proprietary app that I don't remember the name of anymore?  Oh, that's true.
  We really got to make sure to say that part.
  I know oral history from from some I don't know company that's been cannibalized by another giant audio company at this point.
  I think every company that we started this podcast with is on the up and up doing better than ever.
  Sure.
  It's a great non sorted history.
  But hey, that's the thing.
  It is as tomorrow if you're in this day comes at five years to the day since it started.
  Maybe we do we would do something bigger celebration of some kind if we weren't all so crazy currently.
  That's true.
  But something nice is happening for that fifth anniversary.
  And by that, I mean the person who's joining us today because our guest today, I think it's possible there would not be a podcast the ride without this person.
  He just got dropped off by a car.
  Let him out.
  Come on up.
  I show you.
  You want to respond to that or should I further intro you?  Yeah, I can talk.
  I agree.
  I take credit for all of this.
  My name is Andrew Grissom.
  My scary name that I learned from Microsoft Word in the early 90s through autocorrect.
  Andrew gruesome.
  Oh, that's so clean.
  But to make it clunky and in the spirit and boo gruesome.
  And then I have some little more.
  I have some pitches for you all.
  Oh, wow.
  Yeah, we need them.
  I also can't remember if any of these have been used.
  Jason scared in.
  I think we've done it.
  I've been rot scared.
  I'm just trying to change it up.
  It's got scared.
  And then Mike Skarrelson.
  Great.
  OK.
  But then also Mike Carl, son of Minotaur.
  Oh, good reference.
  Nightmare history for the knife.
  OK.
  Well, that's all.
  We'll think about those.
  Andrew, thank you.
  Came prepared.
  You came with with suggestions and creative offerings.
  My first my full introduction of you is going to be that you are a producer and an empowerer of projects that at least I and other people are very passionate about Saturday morning.
  All star hits, complicated things that funny or die that no one else would help me with.
  Yeah, that's on my list of things to plug.
  Oh, great.
  And an amount of time for keeping the word out still.
  Plus a producer of fine animated content for bento box entertainment.
  But the way you've come up on the show many times is that you are you are a friend of the show, a true friend of the show.
  And we meet probably nobody more so.
  And we're so happy you're here.
  Andrew Grissom.
  Wow.
  I'm thrilled to be here.
  So happy to have you.
  The name I think we have said friend of the show.
  Andrew Grissom many times, perhaps even more times than the.
  Last week's Club 3 foam party story, which listeners informed us very quickly is a five timer.
  Yeah, it was surprised by that, too.
  I guess I've told that before.
  I want to because I brought it up to Aaron and she was like, oh, yeah, he's told that story before, but she didn't think on the show.
  So we have I did.
  We've all heard it.
  We heard it.
  Well, this is actually a good transition, even though I still I know for listeners, perhaps they want to know anything about me.
  They know nothing yet, which is fine because I have almost no social media.
  Footprint.
  Nothing much about me.
  Good for you.
  Good.
  You're the man behind the curtain, but we should pay attention to this.
  No more curtains.
  I want to be behind more curtains.
  Yes.
  Oh, OK.
  Forever tucked in those curtains.
  Yeah, that they can't pull apart and reveal.
  Yeah.
  Dorothy comes up.
  It's a fake curtain.
  I'm somewhere else.
  So this is related to the five timers club.
  Oh, my gosh.
  There might be a zipper.
  It's from a backpack.
  It's not my pants.
  It's not usually any hijinks.
  Theater of the mind.
  You might think.
  So I'll describe this as it's happening.
  I've got the spookiest thing in the world.
  Mm hmm.
  Crystal head vodka from Dan Aykroyd.
  Oh, that's great.
  That's a boxed bottle of our favorite head.
  My pitch was I have these skull shot glasses is if any of you break the five timers club,  you have to do a shot of crystal head.
  But I also know that I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I don't want to be in the shot.
  I do have this orange juice with Donald Duck on it that you can have as a replacement or  as a mixer.
  It's his juice.
  Uh huh.
  So, so today on today's episode or going forward on the podcast?  Oh, that's an interesting only for today's episode.
  Okay.
  Because you're taking that on.
  Yes.
  You should.
  I think that's a full carton of orange juice.
  We're not going to that'd be weird if like.
  Well, you all have more children than I do.
  So maybe it would go to good use.
  He's not drinking orange juice yet.
  I like the idea that like, oh, I told the story before and then you just glug like a  third of that orange juice.
  That's just like maybe we're just malnourished.
  We're taking advantage of your little system.
  So interesting.
  So yeah, say I want to say, say tonight I was planning to get drunk, like just hammered  drunk hammered.
  Is that a five timers?  If it's a store, I think it's just an affectation.
  I don't think it counts.
  I'm not just.
  No, no, no.
  Five timers are the rules of five timers I think are a full story has been told.
  I think runners and references are different than five than a story being told in full.
  And to be clear, I come into this just with the prompt.
  I wanted you all to make the rules as you see fit.
  Thank you.
  But also can be abandoned.
  Is this the game you were referring to?  Or do you have a separate?  Okay.
  Okay.
  Great.
  I didn't know if you had some Halloween trivia game.
  No, no, no.
  I have a few too that aren't malicious, but I also have Melissa.
  I have some too.
  Okay.
  I'm interested.
  So, so.
  It's basically just yes or no.
  A poor shot.
  I'll put it by your chair.
  I wanted to tell a story about a famous plane today.
  Is that that's more of a runner than a story?  Because I know I've told it before.
  How about this retroactively if online everyone disagrees, then you do have to do a shot in  the future.
  I think it needs to be immediate.
  Agreed.
  And I think.
  Okay.
  So what it is, is if somebody starts telling a story and the other people realize that  we've heard this.
  Yeah.
  And a few times.
  You're a person telling it is doing it in a way where they think this is a fresh story.
  Then that I guess qualifies.
  That's it.
  So yeah.
  If I say, if I start to do, you know, a little plane story or whatever, that's a runner.
  I'm talking about seats.
  That's a runner.
  If I'm that's not this, this is a different thing.
  If I start to tell the foam party story or Jason tells the story about the theater with  the shoes, that's five timers.
  And then we'll have to take a shot.
  Here's a sort of non-answer that I'll say that I do firmly believe.
  Yeah.
  Trust your heart on it.
  Yeah.
  If you think that you failed in some way in the five timers club, then you take a shot.
  But if you think it's a runner in your heart, that's fine.
  Oh, interesting.
  Well, there'll be a count.
  The other three should form the council, like a high council here and decide in that instance  where you go, okay, was that person doing it in a cheeky way or were they doing it sincerely?  I think that's fair.
  You get full consensus.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah.
  We all put our brains together.
  Okay.
  But if you really don't feel like doing it and then you just like it's a runner in my  heart.
  Also, this isn't a shot every time.
  I just one shot only potentially.
  Yeah.
  Oh, okay.
  This isn't a brutal.
  It's not over and over again.
  And if listeners want to play along to get your bottle of crystal head vodka you already  have in your home.
  Yes.
  And make sure to get some crystal skull shot glasses to go with it to make it.
  Oh, what are we looking at here?  What's interesting about are they little skulls?  They're little skulls.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  And listeners, just so you know, it is 2 25 in the afternoon.
  So if you really want to sink it now.
  Here.
  And sit.
  Their glass.
  That's the sound of them for the audio medium.
  Let's just all take them just in tribute to the all the five timers.
  I look something that we for sure have spoken of.
  I don't know if this I don't know if this counts.
  But when I say that maybe the podcast would not exist without you, you put together in  2014, you put together a Knott's Berry Farm hang.
  Yes.
  Based on people that had brought or sorry if I took that away from you.
  At work at Funny or Die various friends.
  I just heard different talks of theme parks and I thought I want to go to Knott's Berry  Farm.
  I've never been.
  Boy, that'd be fun.
  Kind of don't want to do it alone.
  Can't can I actually raise my hand here and correct the story a little bit, please?  I here's what happened.
  You Facebook messaged me and I think we briefly had talked at Funny or Die.
  I was doing something I don't know if it was I Steve.
  It was it all bleeds together.
  Every shoot.
  And what it was is that you Facebook messaged me and I'm not sure.
  Were we talking about theme parks at Funny or Die?  Could you mess when you said what would be a good theme park to go to with a group of  people that were like interested in this?  And I said, well, you know, I've heard.
  I actually haven't been to Knott's, but I've heard Knott's is this and this.
  There's things that are updated about it.
  And I think I explained that to you.
  Oh, that's cool.
  Then like two days later, you go, hey, by the way, do you want to go to Knott's with  me?  Because everything had just been refurbished.
  So it had.
  I was excited about the mind train ride with it had like the most per capita robots.
  That could be a false lie.
  Refreshed animatronics.
  Yes.
  A ton of them all at once.
  And I was just excited to see what that meant.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Who are the people that would also enjoy this?  Geez.
  So Ryan Perez, Doug Jones, Scott Kierner, Mike Carlson, we had met briefly at Conan,  but never really hung out.
  The three of us drove down and fast friends went great.
  And we're that's what the first that I recall.
  Like we're essentially doing a podcast out loud.
  Yeah.
  About all of the stuff that we know.
  We are exactly evenly matched.
  And Jason was not that we're excluding you from the stories you weren't there.
  It was fault.
  Sorry.
  I that's fine.
  I don't know what I was doing at the time.
  I did.
  If you went on a weekday, I had a day job at the time and likely good enough.
  It would have been a disaster if you had asked him is what he's saying.
  I bungled the whole thing.
  There definitely would be no podcast.
  Depression year 2014.
  So you know, I had a lot going on.
  You know, so better that you didn't cast that poll.
  Day.
  Yeah, we're all upset.
  Bad vibes, you know.
  But after that, I think then like all the groups are merging, hanging out with Mike  a ton and Mike brought Jason into the for you guys were pre standing obsessed  with each other.
  Yeah.
  I got to learn of the wonder of Jason.
  Yeah.
  So you connected dots, which is what you did.
  It's why any of us know you put together dots of great creative projects from  front of your die.
  Oh, yeah.
  I like setting people up for success, either creatively or through friendship.
  You really do.
  And quite earnestly that you came with gifts and you came with with the.
  Oh, yeah.
  Do you all want gifts?  There's gifts, too.
  On top.
  Geez.
  Oh, man.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  I mean, the topic today alone was such a gift.
  What have we got?  Oh, my God.
  He told me.
  It's my man.
  Orange.
  Austin Orange.
  Oh, my God.
  It goes on the shoulder.
  Oh, my God.
  Oh, my God.
  It just catches to your shoulder.
  Yeah.
  It's one of these magnet things.
  Be careful.
  Don't crack that skull.
  Is this an affliction shirt?  You'll see.
  Yeah.
  If you can describe it as you open it.
  I think.
  Oh, wow.
  It's it's the thing I always tell my God.
  It's long sleeves.
  It's a grumpy shirt from Disneyland.
  And it says it's got a couple like kind of chalk drawn grumpies.
  And it says crusty exterior.
  And then it says bad attitude.
  And then it says shaggy eyebrows with extra wrinkle.
  And then there's something else.
  It says a lot.
  This is your longest descriptor.
  I can't even read with it.
  It's the busiest shirt I've ever seen with the most fonts I've ever seen in my life.
  Yeah.
  It says you want an answer.
  Ask me.
  It has like hints of it.
  Hardy, but not at heart.
  Yeah, it's like don't ask me.
  It's hard to tell.
  And then the sleeves are a different material.
  It's like almost like you're wearing like long underwear that's coming out of his T-shirt  and the long underwear is like long sleeves.
  And it just has a bunch of a different bunch of different fonts.
  It says grumpy everywhere over and over again.
  This is the busiest.
  One of sure.
  I mean, I say this in the best possible way, one of the worst looking shirts I've ever seen.
  Yeah, it was the least pleasing shirt I could find.
  Really funny.
  Thank you.
  Ed Hardy, by way of Disney, is so insane.
  And imagine like wanting to relate to this attitude and to having a bad attitude and a  crusty exterior, but also like, and I want to express that with my favorite cartoon from  the 1930s.
  And on the back, there's a little crest that could like, near the, near the,  Oh my God, you're right.
  It'll rest on your seat.
  So much.
  It's got like a tramp stamp.
  And it says 37 on the back.
  What's 37?  Couldn't tell you.
  The year it came out?  Isn't it the year it came out?  Is it?  Isn't it earlier than that?  That's what I thought.
  Doesn't sound right.
  But Scott, it's your turn to receive a thing.
  Oh my God.
  I see.
  I recognize this right away.
  I've seen this before online.
  This is maybe the only piece of merchandise related to David Copperfield's creation,  Blue 32.
  It's like a, it's a fanny pack or like a,  I still don't understand what it is.
  It's a zipper that goes on forever.
  You can keep unzipping Blue's head.
  I don't know how to describe it.
  Like a stress relief.
  I don't know.
  I don't know what it is.
  Cause it doesn't have straps.
  It is not a fanny pack because you couldn't wear it.
  You would have to attach your own straps.
  You can store things in there or just unzip and unravel him like a hellraiser pinhead.
  This can be your like travel toiletries kit.
  You can put it in there.
  That's true.
  And then when, if it goes through the X-ray, the,  the security guard, the TSA are in for a pleasant treat.
  Like, Oh, look at that little thing.
  Look at that creature.
  Can I change the five timer rules?  And instead of me doing a shot,  this,  pouch of Blue does a shot of root beer.
  Sure.
  So we can fart.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  37 Izzy or Snow White Kimma.
  Okay, cool.
  So.
  Wow.
  Mystery solved.
  Incredible.
  Good.
  This is, this indicates like not just that, you know,  our, our leaning, our, but our individual leanings within.
  Well, I will tell you an interesting thing is listening to the show.
  You all are friends, but I also legitimately, I'm a fan of the show and like the show,  which I know I'm here for that, but it's, I look forward to it whenever it comes out and getting to hear it.
  I appreciate it.
  It's a great way to start any day.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  There's some podcasts I listen to when they come out at night and go to sleep.
  I intentionally wait to not drift off to it.
  Oh, geez.
  That's nice.
  Thank you.
  I wouldn't mind, you know, I would fall asleep to our own podcast because my podcast sleep rules are,  I don't want to be interrupted by loud noises and like guitar intros to segments and stuff.
  So as long as it's just people talking and not something that's going to spike and wake me up,  then I'll, I'll put it on.
  Right.
  Which we don't do.
  We haven't done segments and we don't produce little sounds.
  No.
  No, it's so better.
  It's not that we don't know where it came from, but not here on the second gate.
  Right.
  I don't know if I said that before about my podcast, what I will fall asleep to.
  Oh, I don't know.
  If it's a five timer, let me know.
  It's not a five timer if it is.
  If you don't all recognize it.
  Do you all want me to pour these and put them by you or?  That's a process.
  No.
  Let's see.
  We'll do it.
  And I don't want to make you do more work because you've given us amazing gifts.
  You've given us great compliments.
  One of our favorite people is as the listeners can tell, and we're so happy you're here finally  on the show.
  And it happened because you had a great idea for a topic that was unknown to any of us.
  But also, as our gifts are very related to all of our interests.
  Oh, yeah.
  Like it's a laundry list.
  It's a weird hidden gem that nobody knows about and that there are four, three and a  half hours of content for.
  Yes, a ton of treasure trove to send the listeners off to.
  But we're going to talk about it here first.
  And what you're talking about is the Horror Hall of Fame.
  And if you don't know what this is, and we did not before, it's a little confusing because  we did a topic that was that thing was called the Creatures Choice Awards, which was a never  built Disney MGM Studios attraction.
  And this is not that it's not a never built attraction.
  This is a fully realized series of TV specials from the air from one a year from 1990 to  1992.
  Yes.
  That honor the best in horror and weirdo cult filmmaking.
  Yes.
  And I have a lot of questions about the logistics of what any of it means.
  Oh, well, yeah.
  The scenes that we'll get into.
  But one thing I will encourage potentially any listener to do if you have a Halloween  party.
  These are very good background things to project.
  If that's your vibe.
  Yes.
  Also, if you want to do what I did, which is today, I had the coziest morning.
  It's overcast.
  I opened the window.
  My apartment got cold.
  I made a big cup of coffee.
  I sat under a blanket.
  I watched these.
  The segments that interested me were great.
  I would get bored.
  I'd go do dishes.
  I'd hear that something boring was over.
  Not bad boring.
  Good boring.
  I think boring can be good.
  This is like a show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So relaxing segments.
  And there's also because it's like 1990 to 1992 when it was you had to do so much more  work, I feel like to produce something disposable in the production values are still pretty  good like this.
  Yeah, they're really good.
  It's good.
  And the guests are a little shocking.
  Some of them like they got some big names here.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  People who provoke standing ovations from the audience.
  It's a huge lineup, which we'll get into.
  And speaking of that and kind of why you brought this to us, because so many beloved characters  to us appear in this.
  And I think maybe the most prominent way you've been mentioned on the show in the recent past  is that we've another running runner, not a five timer, is the notion of the PTR curse  because we've kept running into this that we reference somebody who maybe none of us  have talked about in conversation for a while.
  Yeah.
  And then just by virtue of mentioning that person, especially if the episode comes out  a little later, then it ends up being like three days before the person dies.
  And we've wondered what is it with are we cursed?  Are we legitimately spreading a curse to the world?  And you, I think talking to Mike or somebody, I forget where the Knott's Berry Farm parking  lot.
  This was also a not so gay time than that.
  And your theory about the PTR curse, if you want to say it yourself, go ahead or go ahead.
  You all are only fans of old people who are more likely to die sooner.
  So why?  It's weird to say only fans of old people, but exclusively.
  We don't subscribe to any only fans.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  You don't know.
  We're not going to get into that today.
  You can.
  Yes, you're right.
  No shame in that.
  But yes, we do love to talk about people who are.
  I think you said like people that are over 80.
  I think that's specifically, I don't know.
  That's a good point.
  That is maybe we are not like tapped into the dark spirits or something.
  When we when we mentioned these old actors.
  Well, Chris Angel, co-worker Franco Jurgoni was only 69.
  Passed away of heart attack.
  Oh, that's true.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think that's the curse.
  I think that was the curse.
  Under 80 is the curse.
  Oh, maybe if it's just old age, then maybe it doesn't.
  I like this.
  I think the curse is real.
  I just think you're reading too much into the curse.
  If it's a bit like a Betty Whiter said, we can't take the Betty White was Betty White  was cursed by the like Life magazine presents.
  I'm Alive magazine presents 100 years of still being alive.
  So you're saying we can talk about Roger Corman all day long today.
  Roger Corman, Ridley Scott north of 95 years old, six year old man.
  I couldn't believe I was.
  Well, I had this several times.
  I was thinking about the P.
T.
  Rutgers and then going, this person surely is not alive anymore.
  Oh, my God, they are.
 Oh, my God, they are.
  And I'm worried about what a lot of people we should be worried about.
  Yeah.
 Apologies to anyone, to any families.
  Yeah.
  And one one thing I will bring up with this is the way I found and discovered  this was last year, I was remembering.
  Oh, my gosh, I know that sometimes at the Oscars, Buzz or Shrek would present  something.
 I know I'm misconstruing.
  Sometimes they're just sitting in an audience clapping, right?  Like looking at each other with their eyebrows raised.
  Sometimes they're on the stage or Yoda's at the MTV twice awards.
  In my mind, I just thought surely Chuckie the doll has presented at something.
  Some awards somewhere.
 Is that's what led you to?  Yes.
 And so I typed in Chuckie presents at award show.
  And then I was like, oh, there it is.
  Ninety minutes, three of them.
  Wow.
 Mother load.
  It's great.
 What a great way to find it.
  That's awesome.
 Yeah, because I am always amazed.
  There's still stuff because we're all, I think, bottomless pits for weird  shellac stuff that no one remembers.
  Obviously, we're not the only there's plenty of people on the Internet that do  this, too.
 But it is always impressive to me when a whole bunch of content is  available that I've never heard of.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Hours of it.
  You tap like, what is it like?  Like, let's reference an old thing.
  The Beverly Hillbillies and Jed go shooting at some.
  Yeah, we shooting at some food and then up through the ground comes a bubble and  bubble and crew and we're we're just shooting when we're searching on YouTube.
  We're we're trying to shoot some food.
  Yes.
 Then we end up hitting crude.
  And how great does it feel when all the crude splashes?  Great to get hit by crude.
  This also brought.
 Did you see when you YouTube there is a 1974 horror Hall of  Fame as well? Yes, which is unrelated entirely.
  Totally unrelated by Vincent Price and dreadfully boring.
  So boring.
 It's like a talk.
  It's kind of a talk show.
 It's not a Hall of Fame.
  I watched it after.
  Well, I watched seconds of it before I got bored of it after I watched the three  main this morning.
 Yeah.
  And in my notes, I had written sort of a thesis of this is all three part one,  part two, part three.
  All have elements that could have been a great show where it's the last one has  all these musical.
  And you're sure that would have been nice to pepper in throughout.
  Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
  Not in the previous years.
 Yeah.
  Some of them have more hosts like seeing Jason present the hockey mask killer,  not Jason Sheridan.
  No, I would be nice to see more characters and Chuckie just all across the board.
  Would have it would have been nice to see more interaction with that or if the  mummy has a speech.
  And then I get to this Vincent Price one from 1974 and it's full of sketches and  skits and I don't like them and they're not good.
  No, it's but it's like he's doing a whole bit where like he's doing his normal  thing and then it's like Frank Gorshin's here and he just does a sit down  interview with Frank Gorshin about what horror movies he liked.
  And it's an opportunity for Frank Gorshin to do his impressions.
  And you're like, what is this?  Like one of my talk show, I guess fit the name.
  Yeah, I wasn't sure how you all wanted to discuss all three of these or just dance  around topics.
  I just real quick.
  I want to say two things about the Vincent Price.
  We are sorry.
  On to the nineties.
  I'm sorry.
  I just wanted to get it out so we can move on because it's my problem.
  It's no one else problem.
  I need to say it.
  Both Riddlers are on the special Aston and Gorshin do sit down interviews, which  but they don't interact and there's no mention of the fact that they're both  Riddlers, not let not Ontario Elementary School student Jim Carrey.
  Right.
  And then there's pictures on the wall.
  Did you catch?  Did you watch all this boring special?  No, no, no.
  I was very clear that I watched second.
  So that's fair.
  You're right.
  You're talking to I kind of I wrote this seemed like the safest bet.
  I could ever make is like, I'm not going to watch the Vincent Price special  because I know Mike will.
  But in return, the exchange was I watched all three other ones because  within 10 minutes of the first one, I was like, well, this is a pleasure.
  This is not a chore.
  He's pointing to like legends of horror on the wall and pictures and he points  at Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee.
  And I went to Star Wars, Grand Moff Tarkin and Count Dooku on the wall  there, but they don't appear.
  So I was hoping they were going to be in as well.
  Photos of them on the walls of them on the wall.
  Did you say that to myself?  The baby, the baby, baby, baby.
  I was up with early this morning.
  Count Dooku, Dooku, Dooku.
  30 years later, he would hammer her baby.
  Can you say hammer horror films?  So anyway, let's go to the stuff we're actually talking about.
  Well, OK, listeners, if you want to check these out before we talk about them or  after we talk or just flip through them, whatever you want, the YouTube user is  Doug Tilly.
 Thanks, Doug Tilly.
  And we'll link to him somehow.
  But other than that, I mean, we don't have to be hard fast.
  We could generally go in order.
  But like, you know, because I think the cold open is great to talk about, because  what a mysterious opening and ties right into stuff we've been talking about this  month because we covered Hitchcock and we covered the omnipresence of the psycho  house and universal lore and Robert Englund.
  Have we said that yet?  The Robert Englund.
  The host of all of them.
  And he's I think just done either four or five Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
  So he's at the top of the world.
  Freddy Krueger himself.
  And it is an interesting novelty that he would be himself and not for it.
  So you get a lot of him.
  If you want to see.
  And I guess my before we get into the sketch, my takeaway is that Robert  Englund is a big dork.
  That is absolutely my takeaway as well.
  I said, well, this kind of demystifies the murderous Freddy Krueger, doesn't it?  But doesn't it make the performance of Freddy Krueger so much more impressive?  I guess so.
  I think it does, because when you see clips, which they do, they keep finding  reason in all these to show Fred and have him talk about my alter ego.
  And as a kid, Freddy was an idea.
  I didn't see any of these movies as a kid, but the idea of Freddy was this maybe  a pinhead or Freddy were like the scariest ideas.
  Like a pinhead.
  Yeah, light tangent.
  What's everyone's experiences in history with horror?  Personally, good question.
  Is this a five timers trick?  Because I feel like I've said a lot.
  No, this is a genuine question.
  Scared.
 We're all we're all scared.
  Scaredy cats.
 Yeah.
  Yes, Scott, how about you?  What's your history with horror movies?  You know, obviously scaredy cat as well.
  I don't think I tried to not make a huge deal of it.
  Child's play just came out.
  The mere notion, the idea of all of them, the covers scared me too much  to even go near anything.
  And it's been interesting and delightful to start watching them lately.
  And yes, watch like Nightmare on Elm Street.
  I've seen a bunch of those now and go, wow, they're stupid.
  They're so stupid.
  Like, I guess maybe you have to be just like a raw scared of everything.
  And they dialed our young teen brain.
  They're gross and they feel like music videos and they're so much fun.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  This is a five timers, but it's because of the questions.
  I said it, I think on the ground when we talk about gremlins.
  I thought these movies were snuff film.
  I thought they were like you murdered people.
  And I was like, why would you ever do that?  And some of these are the goofiest, campiest things I've ever seen.
  Because growing up, I was also a scaredy scaredy.
  And I was scared of Jumanji when he got sucked into the board.
  And just every animal in Jumanji scared me.
  The animals were so abrasive.
  And I'm sure now you would watch and just go terrible CGI.
  But at the time when you didn't know any better when it's oh, he's  he's turning into a monkey.
 He's trapped in quick.
  So just movies that were for children.
  And yeah, scared me.
  So I was a little afraid.
  My mom checked out arachnophobia and said  because it was in the family section.
  She went, oh, this is like a dark comedy.
  You like Beetlejuice.
  And I was like, actually, Beetlejuice scared me when he turned into a snake.
  And I stopped watching.
  I eventually finished it.
  But so then I put on arachnophobia mainly.
  I love it.
 I love the movie.
  It is more of a scary drama with two or three jokes throughout.
  But it's really good.
 And I like it.
  But the spider's scary.
  So I was freaked out.
  And then going to Blockbuster, like you, I was scared of movie  covers where I would just see it.
  If I saw it with Tim Curry, I would like turn it around.
  So if I had to go back down that aisle, I wouldn't see it again.
  Whoa.
 Wow.
 Really?  Yes.
 Sounds like us.
  Yeah, that's us.
  Every single one of them.
  Scary monsters.
 Gross.
  No, thank you, Chuckie.
  No, I don't like it.
  And then when I was about, I think seven or eight, maybe nine.
  Who knows? Child.
  I it was Saturday morning.
  I had finished cartoons and then I left the room and just something was on after  the programming had ended.
  And it was the the Freddy's Dead.
  That nightmare on Elm Street.
  So it had been the one they're promoting in one.
  Yeah, it had been a franchise for a while, but I missed the opening credits.
  So I didn't know what it was.
  And then I saw this guy and he is in a house.
  And then Freddy Krueger shows up, dresses the wicked witch.
  And it's a parody of Wizard of Oz because the house is flying through the air.
  And then he's like, I forget what he's something like, you're a dirty bitch.
  Or it's probably something that's related.
  And then he lands and then a  Freddy is driving a bus and hits him with a bus.
  And then the guy goes flying through the air, cuts a hole in the air  of reality like Wile E.
  Coyote.
 And so I just thought, oh, this is silly.
  And a cartoon.
 Maybe I am OK with horror movies.
  And then something gross happened.
  I was like, oh, too scary.
  But then when I was 11 or 12, I dove into it  and I had friends where we would just go through everything.
  Because I love watching movies, always have power through them.
  And I sort of was running out of movies and thought, oh, here's an entire genre.
  I can power through this giant area that just goes and goes.
  Yeah.
 Which now you're a big horror guy.
 Oh, yeah.
  I love him.
 Yeah.
 You see everything.
  And you want to see him in theaters with reactions and oh, yes.
  Encourage people to.
 You're a movie buff, I would say.
  I would say that.
 Yeah.
  Well, I would also say you're the originator of saying like,  I'm a little movie buff boy.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I say, world, I'm not buff with my body.
  I'm buff with my movie brain.
  My famous quote.
 That's right.
  You can quote him on that.
  Um, throughout this, as movies come up, as inductees come up,  if there's if there's something you want to say, hey, this one you should check out.
  This is kind of a good little special because I assume that  that I or we have not seen a lot of.
  There's older movies that I've never heard of that I want to see from this.
  I want to see Boris Karloff in the body snatcher.
  I don't know what that is.
 That looks like so much fun.
  Yes.
 I want to see the Vincent Price movie where he has a big Afro  that doesn't look scary at all, but I don't know what that movie is.
  Well, I think every year they did hear some horror movies coming up soon.
  And those were very interesting to see because some of them are like  psycho for Adam's family and then Jacob's ladder.
  So you get it.
 But then the one year it was like three things  where I was like, I have never heard of like Pet Cemetery 2.
  Yes.
 Alien 3.
  One of them was to sleep with a vampire,  which where they chose kind of to sort of go to claw arms  reaching for each other and they're glowing as they read.
  And then I was like, what the hell is this movie?  I looked it up.
 No Wikipedia page.
  Not a wow.
 So nobody cared enough.
  So those those are there's there'll be some that we won't recommend.
  But other ones, if you want to shout out anything you especially like.
  But to get into it, the cold open to the first, which I find the first one,  the strongest, I'd say in three.
  But Robert Englund, he's approaching the famous psycho house,  walking up from the motel to the house.
  Slowly opens the door.
  He's in like a white tux, I believe.
  So we're seeing Debonair Dasher.
  This is no no hideous Freddy Krueger.
  This is Robert and slow approach to the door opens it creaky.
  And then it cuts to the other side where he has opened a door in the packed  Universal slash Gibson Amphitheater  and where there is a gigantic audience who all scream for seeing him.
  And he says, alive audience.
  Now, this is going to be really scary,  which kind of gives you a sense of the tone of Robert Englund.
  I don't understand why.
  How do you open the door of the psycho house and that's what's inside?  I guess that's cool.
  So a giant amphitheater in there.
  I believe opening the front door of the psycho house is not an iconic cinema moment.
  That's true of all the things.
  Well, yeah, it must have happened in one of them.
  Oh, well, the P.
I.
 goes in doors and then  Janet Lee's character sister goes in and eventually finds mother.
  But I felt like they were playing up,  touching the doorknob, being nervous of the doorknob.
  Yeah, it wasn't like peering.
  He was peering through a hole in the wall and he saw the audience like Norman.
  Or like, yeah, and then started masturbating like in 1998.
  Norman, the can I ask?  I just want to confirm something that the thumbnail for the first one of these  says Cineplex Odeon Theater.
  Is that the city walk?  What is now the universal AMC?  You got it.
 OK, that's a weird thing.
  City walk that I'm sure we talked about then that the theater predated.
 Right.
  And there's shots of it because there's a promotional tie in with Cineplex  Odeon theaters and it was all there, like probably not the IMAX theater.
  But like you see the staircase, the place where we saw Avatar not long ago,  your favorite movie theater to go to.
  But it predated the rest of city walks.
  So they like it was a freestanding movie theater up on the Universal Hill.
  And then they connected it with our favorite place in the world.
  And when when did that come up in that?  Because I was trying to scrub through after I watch it and find it,  because I think it's just a really quick shot.
  It was a I agree.
  They got me excited to watch it.
  Like, oh, the Cineplex Odeon Theater.
  Yeah, for the city.
 Well, before CityWalk.
  It was like it was a tie in for like a contest or so.
  Or they were saying how they chose the inductees for the Horror Hall of Fame.
  Which, by the way, that's ostensibly the idea here is that six or seven  movies or shows or people or comics or magazines or entire studios.
  Yes, it's very loosely defined.
  Any entity that's contributed to horror over the years gets  and inducted with a bunch of other fun stuff in between.
  And a mix of like very big names and like movies that entered the canon.
  I feel like really quickly, like Alien is not that old at this point.
  Yeah, yeah, true.
 But it was such a smash hit.
  It immediately like put, you know,  Ridley Scott on the map and Sigourney Weaver, you know.
  Yeah, yeah.
 When the third was coming out around then.
  And it's like obscure people, too.
  Oh, yeah.
 For like a mainstream.
  Yeah, there'll be very big buildups and we'll go the daughter of the person.
  That's yes, that's true.
  There are a lot of people.
 Yes.
  Kids and aunts and nieces are accepting awards and are being honored.
  But like editors in chief.
  Yeah, Forrest Ackerman.
  It's a name I've probably caught.
 Yes.
  Over the years.
 That's the he's the editor of  the Mott.
  What is it? Monsters.
  Famous monsters of film land.
  Many of his nickname, Forry, Uncle Forry, the act monster, Dr.
  Acula.
  That's good.
  This is real quick with this guy, because I this is a magazine  I'm sure I would have liked if I was into monsters.
  There's a really funny picture where land.
  John Lannis is talking about this.
  And they put his face on a magazine that says Monster.
  I like this.
  But I like this reminds me of any time they're doing a piece on like Dr.
  Demento and Dr.
  Mendo is very old at this point.
  And it's just like an old man who's trying to do some shtick.
  And he's like a little too tired to be doing it.
  Then you see it's like basement and it's just full of crap.
  It's just full of like all this like old monster crap.
  And he's being honored here.
 I like this is what I'm saying.
  I'm not trying to make fun of him, but they got a lot of weirdos  into a room.
  Yeah, it's pretty if you just take who here's who was on it this year  that they were all in one place together.
  And yes, yeah, for him.
  Yeah, I love that that they're honoring like I want to know that backstage.
  I want to know what the green room is like of all these people who decide.
  Do we know who did did they say who decides?  I know there's like a council who the board is of Fangoria magazine.
  And that was a show with an audience poll at Cineplex Odeon theaters.
  That's why it came up.
 Yes.
  I was curious more or less how real any of that is.
  Yeah, is it just can we get I do visit the award itself?  I like the award.
 I like a spooky specter with a cloak.
  Yeah, it's a great looks cool.
  Yeah, actually is the award.
  But like in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, we know on the committee,  deciding committee, little Stephen, Tom Morello, Dave Grohl.
  I wanted like names.
  Yes, we know we all we of course we all know that.
  We all know that we not a day goes by.
  We don't discuss Tom Morello's is on the board for the.
  But then rage didn't get in, I don't think last time.
  I'm fair when isn't is what is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?  If not the ultimate machine.
  That's a good point.
  Can I just this will spoil some of the people who appear.
  But I think where you really had is when I was poking around this, is this a topic?  You see something like this and you go, well, absolutely.
  I because we love our big lists of from our Disney specials and what have you.
  Here's a here's a big list of everybody who's on.
  And then first of all, it starts with we're zooming up and over  the Universal Studios fountain, the old neon fountain, beautiful glass bricks.
  Oh, God preserved still there.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I'm never going away.
  And the globe looks fair.
  The globe in Florida, they update it as they were updating the park.
  Like with climate change, they change the coastlines.
  They received it.
  They shaved little bits off.
  Yeah, that's nice of them.
  They made it look like the modern universal logo in on the globe in Florida  and the the universal globe in Hollywood.
  Still the classic just steel kind of thing.
  Yeah.
  When you when you go up and over that neon fountain, it's I mean,  I couldn't produce all the things that have it, but I know a big one,  which is American Gladiators.
  That's an it's just it adds excitement to me to a show like, oh, man,  and there's that at the beginning.
  And it's happening right next to they're shooting this next to Fievel's Playland,  wherever fake groucho is getting ready.
  And also just to break open that beginning, I should have written down the pun.
  I don't remember, but where it's like, oh, filmed in stereo, recorded in stereo.
  The icon is a skull and it might be like screamy or fear.
  Yeah, it's a pun and it's a scary skull with headphones on.
  So just these little details.
  I believe he says, does he say undead from Universal Studios?  Sure does.
  Instead of live.
  Yeah, I unfortunately take it right after that.
  But here's this is too long.
  I'll stop it at some point.
  But this is here's here's the names who appear in Horror Hall of Fame one.
  It's the horror hall of fame and all star tribute to terror.
  Starring Robert England with special appearance  by Boris J.
  Ackerman, Linda Blair, Big Bob, Veronica Cartwright,  Roger Horman, Sarah Perlman, Chuckie, The Threat Keeper,  Stillers, Joe Dante, William Creakett, Catherine Hicks, Pat Hitchcock, Jason.
  That's really what Jason.
  I love all the fictional characters mixed in with like Phyllis Diller, Pat Hitchcock.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, it's really funny.
  And then and that's narrated by Shadow Stevens,  who was the fill in announcer when on Larry Sanders, when Hank takes over as the host.
  Wow.
 So I like hearing Shadow Stevens voice for that.
  He was the Craig Ferguson announcer.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
 I didn't know that.
  And then many other things.
  And Dave's World.
  Very interesting.
  So then but then you get after all those names, you get this.
  The team will take care of your breath.
  The rest is up to you.
  And by Halsey, a lot of great sponsors for these.
  Yeah.
 Lady Stetson, Lady Stetson, which was very strange.
  The other perfume they mentioned is all or cologne.
  I think it's iron, iron cologne and Lady Stetson iron.
  Haven't heard of that one.
  I don't really wear cologne.
  It's not a quality that.
  Oh, yeah, I wrote I wrote down preferred preferred stock is what I have.
  Yes.
 Preferred stock cologne, which that comes right before.
  Like there's that.
  And then an ad for like guests of the Hall of Fame stay at Universal Hilton and the towers.
  Like it's the advertising that hotel or Universal City Hotel and Towers,  whose slightly different name.
  I want to be a guest of the Hall of Fame so bad.
  I want in this year to have been flown in.
  I arrive at the Universal City and they kept a sweet hotel and tower.
  And then I get a gift, a gift basket full of preferred stock cologne.
  Yeah.
 You get to meet Elvira and Roger Corman.
  That's the greatest.
 Wow.
  You get your per diem, you get your reimbursement check for your tux  rental from Friar Tux, Southern California's finest chain of tuxedo rental shops.
  I didn't think about it at the time, but we really it's very clear now  that we lost something when this Gibson amphitheater was bulldozed  to make room for Harry Potter.
  That like not having things live from Universal Studios, Hollywood sucks.
  Yeah, like they should build if they're going to build stuff for the Olympics  in 2028 or whatever, they should build a new amphitheater somewhere on the grounds.
  Sure.
 Just to be able for that phrase to be just to have that phrase.
  So people are staying.
 Yes.
  Pummel North shared.
 Yeah.
  Exclusively.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  But I don't know where to go.
  An expensive taxpayer paid for Pummel Horse Stadium.
  Yeah, that's what we need.
  And yes, but there also still should be hidden bookcases  that are doors and castle walls.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Keep it with the endless smoke.
  Too much fog, fog that won't quit.
  Yeah, that's the vibe of this thing.
  I mean, it's a great what an ornate, beautiful, massive state.
  Is this the whole thing is it has a vibe of early MTV Movie Awards,  which I really like.
  I still I'll watch any of the 90s movie awards anytime because they're  they're kooky like that, too.
  We give the award to Chewbacca or the current.
  He has a throne above everyone in some wide shots.
  You can see it's just like way in the distance so that they can get those crowd  shots.
 Yeah, it was everything behind hand from the person who just got the award  to the crypt keeper and like the logistics of that were that that puppets got to work  because they don't want to make Pat Hitchcock come back like it could go back and forth.
  You need to do it again, Pat.
  Yeah, I was so excited when I saw I feel like  I'm always happy when I see the crypt keeper.
  I don't think I've ever like, oh, the crypt keeper.
  But it's just like especially doing parades or award shows or little bits like this.
  Terrific.
 Canonically, I also understand why he hates commercials and makes jokes  about them because he's from HBO where there are no commercials.
  That's right.
  So it's OK for him to make seven commercial jokes at every break per episode.
  The same way the star of Dream On would have felt  or anyone who was on the show, Perversions of Science.
  Oh, yes.
 Starting.
 What was that again?  That was that anthology series.
  Was that the one with like the horny intro?  Yeah, very horny show.
 Yeah, there was the episode with Kevin Pollock.
  But is that the one where in the intro, it's like following following around  a bunch of silver people, CGI, and it's like women being made?  I believe so.
 OK.
 Yeah, it was a horny HBO sci fi anthology.
  It's not like Twilight Zone where it's just here's an eye, here's a door.
  It's what if the robot was in a sexy factory?  But it's the future.
 But there's only robots.
  It's a confounding intro to an anthology.
  Or what HBO wanted.
 Yeah.
  Because you mentioned CGI, one of the clips they preview,  one of these specials is The Lawnmower Man,  which I just knew as a kid was a scary movie.
  It was not a thing for me.
  And all they show is just this very strange CGI  sequence of Jobe.
  And I am like, well, now I feel like I have to see this.
  I love this aesthetic so much.
  Like, oh, highly recommend it.
  I highly, highly recommend it.
  It's got a lot of fun.
 Yes.
  It's it's it's like we're in upsetting and you'll be long parts of it.
  You're like, get me out of this movie.
  But the good the things that the strong parts of it.
  It's basically a scary version of Flowers for the Elginon.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But that involves cyberpunk and hackery.
  Neon centrifuges, gyroscopes.
  I feel like early CGI and like 3D objects,  whether it was in movies and TV or like just on Trapper Keeper covers,  are of a piece in my mind of like influencing a young child.
  Like you mentioned VHS covers and I think like book covers.
  Choose your own adventure.
 Goosebumps or fear straight.
  Like I would just stare at these covers like in the way that people talk about  staring at record covers like these just held such a big sway to me.
  And I probably like hyped up some real garbage far too much  because I just brought into I think I just liked illustration and design work.
  You know, I think very lucky to be like it was interesting  and neat to get a lot of early CGI that would like we were kind of  we're the first generation of kids to get that.
  And where sometimes I think about how like commercials we were watching  on Nickelodeon that we just thought, oh, I like this commercial is kind of fun.
  Might have been quietly like that's Pixar trying out.
  You know, that was one of their early gigs on the way to Toy Story.
  I don't know.
 I think we're lucky.
  There's a lot of cool stuff in that Light and Magic documentary on Disney Plus,  where they talk about like early CGI using commercials and stuff.
  That's pretty fun.
  You know, what's the might do you watch the Minds Eye?  Any of those videos?  Those are they're like compilations of it's like there is a bunch of beyond  the Minds Eye and you know what I'm talking about?  Sounds familiar.
  But they just compiled like any all right, any bizarre CGI.
  Just put it on.
  It's just like the trippy, bizarre, extremely outdated.
  Yeah, a lot of it is preserved on YouTube.
  I mean, I think that's like some of the best stuff you can find on like Twitter  or Tumblr stuff is just accounts that catalog  all like old book covers and old CGI clips like.
  And this also has some good transitions.
  It's got the big skeleton hand that pulls things apart.
  Oh, yes, they've got good.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's look, the whole thing is great.
  Great graphics package.
  You know, the great announcer, great host, great presenters,  cutaways to the audience.
  And it's a bunch of actors and seat fillers, but then like a Frankenstein or a mummy.
  I mean, it's it's it's so fun.
  How much more fun did you all have watching these than any recent Academy Awards?  Oh, yeah.
 10,000 times more.
  Yes.
 Yeah, I don't think you're underestimating.
  I'm not overestimating that number.
  It was also still very like reverent, though it was not.
  Even though it's like a bunch of fun, it was still like we love this.
  And these people deserve to be honored.
  Like there was not and it was not as like flippant as maybe an MTV award or something.
  And you could see that people,  a lot of these might not be people that get applause on a stage right from people,  even if there is in all reality a sign going like clap now, clap now.
  Maybe not that because this is such a like package.
  Yeah.
 You know, they're going to edit it after the fact.
  But I do think one of the things I really genuinely like about it  that did sort of emotionally touch me in a way was Vincent Price  when it's the interview in the backyard and you're like, oh, OK,  so they're just kind of copying this together real quick.
  And then he's very funny on it.
  Very witty.
  Seems touched for horror to be celebrated after his history.
  And then the second one, he gets brought up by Elvira's in a tux  gets to like bask in applause.
  And it's very sweet.
 And I like it.
  Yeah.
 Seeing it because he died not long after these.
  And yeah, so seeing him get a lot of appreciation and sit with his good pal,  Roddy McDowell, this whole thing is just full of names that we want to hear.
  It's everybody we want to see.
  And Scott, have you gotten to that Colombo yet?  Which Colombo?  Roddy? No, no.
  And for a treat.
 OK, OK.
  And for a treat.
 Yeah.
  Andrew sent me down the the Colombo line, which is great.
  I almost told you about one the other day, the Donald Pleasance winemaker one.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, you got a lot of entertainment.
  We get a very cumbersome solution.
  It is a journey, but it is so funny to see Donald Pleasance,  who I feel like most people would know as the doctor from the Halloween,  the original Halloween movies.
  And he is just playing like a wine snob in the 70s,  where I feel like everyone was like, yeah,  alcohol in America was really quite shitty until like the 80s.
  Like wine in America was pretty rough.
  And like a wine snob then is like what are you doing?  Yeah.
 Hearing him talk about stuff.
  And I'm just like, I have never heard of that kind of wine.
  It's a it's a terrific episode.
  It's really like every single episode of Colombo.
 It's terrific.
  You're right on the money.
  So that also recommend this is an episode full of recommends to the audience.
  I don't know how I felt.
  We went to the final Colombo, the weird rave episode with Matthew Reese.
  Is it? It's unpleasant.
  That's a little weird seeing him.
  Yeah.
 Seeing Colombo have to deal with like glow sticks.
  And the the font is different.
  Everything is meaner.
  Yeah.
 The music is sort of CSI.
  But they keep hitting shit between the camera and the actors like, no,  get that blurry foreground out of there.
  It's not what it's about.
  But the one more the one more thing at the end was very nice.
  I didn't like the episode.
  And then when he like explains how it works and how it cracked.
  I was like, well, you did it again, Colombo.
  You suckered me in.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Even in the even in a bad one, even in a 2000s one about raves.
  Where can you stream Colombo?  To be to be great, crisp quality commercials, not too bad to be maybe  quietly in the running for best streaming service.
  Very obvious for to be is that the  I believe the audio levels of commercials are the same as the programming.
  So you don't have to ride the remote.
  Yeah.
 It's a small thing.
  Revolutionary.
  But it's very nice to just put it on and be like,  here's that one commercial that the algorithm thinks I like.
  I'll see this only and nothing else.
  Yeah, it is kind of everywhere.
  I feel like right now I think it's on Roku channel and Peacock.
  It should be more places.
  I just want everyone to have access to Colombo.
  Peacock for sure has the very young Colombo TV movie.
  I forget which one it is where Peter Falk just looks so young  and his hair looks normal.
  Yeah.
  Oh, it's imagine flipping from that you end the 2003 rave one.
  And then that's the thumbnail right after.
  Oh, boy.
 I just jumped five decades.
 Yeah.
  So anyway, the other highlights of that, what's some stuff?  We Diller, Phyllis Diller.
  I mean, they ties it all together.
  Why is Phyllis Diller just doing stand up at the Horror Hall of Fame?  Because she's married to a monster fang.
  That's her deal.
  I assume, you know, that she made all our material was about her weird husband.
  Yeah, I don't I don't know as much Phyllis Diller lore as you might imagine.
  So, yeah, I don't know the D.
  I can't wax on about it.
  But her stand up did just make me laugh while I was sitting there.
  Everything else is just sort of pleasant watching.
  Oh, this is nice.
 Oh, that's good.
  But then there were jokes that are just, I'm sure, one of her 10,000 one liners.
  I was like, oh, yeah, just solid.
  Well, and then you get in cycling in different stand ups.
  You get Sam Kinnison, who appeared in two of them.
  And I guess the feeling was, well, he makes because he's like  extreme and has looks like a metal guy.
  And he does this really bizarre segment that's where we're going to preview  upcoming horror movies, but they all have to have Sam Kinnison  yelling jokes through them.
  I this one joke I was trying to remember.
  I have a clip of one.
  I politely chose to do some dishes during his segment.
  Yeah, they've been soaking overnight.
  I knew it would be irresponsible for me to leave the dishes soaking in.
  You can probably hear it over the sink, too.
  So he does.
  I guess you want the water washed extra.
  He doesn't scream as much as he does in in some other things.
  I also am assuming he was not in the 1992 one because he was dead.
  Is that probably right?  I looked up the timeline.
  I was like, but also there's an hour less.
  There was an hour less.
  Yeah, there's a downgrade.
  Well, here I go again.
  But here's the this is the one Sam Kinnison joke I want to play.
  Graveyard ship.
  Stephen King's newest film starts a fat, hairy, slimy monster  that eats everything in sight.
  Only this one doesn't sing the national anthem.
  Mm hmm.
  It's a joke.
  I was a man.
  I remember I knew I remember knowing one was coming.
  I don't I don't know how I knew, but I knew this is something Kyle Mooney  talked actually was like that.
  We all we had a lot of stuff growing up about Roseanne and Roseanne being gross.
  Right.
 Like like it's something animaniacs would do.
  I feel like we were all really trained to hate Roseanne and  just not for the right reasons.
  It took a while to figure out what's wrong with the problem with Roseanne.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It was a lot of like, he's loud.
  But Kinnison was loud.
  Yeah, no, wait.
  And there's both like performative stand up personas.
  Yeah.
  And that also is like, yeah, yeah.
  Sam Kinnison is going to talk about, wow, out of shape.
  This loud comedian is.
  Yeah.
  I don't.
  Kinnison thing.
  I.
  Kinnison thing.
  I.
  Anyone who talks about.
  Oh, brilliant.
  Does anybody?  Does anybody ever watch any of it?  I had not heard the name until this morning.
  Oh, really?  Yeah, just truly blind spot for me.
  Much like back to school.
  No.
  OK, that's a recommend for you.
  I do like back to school, but I don't know if I really like his part.
  Yeah, Sam Kinnison doesn't translate.
  Maybe he is a person was great.
  Again, I don't know.
  I would say no.
  OK, he's a crazy person.
  I didn't want to say anything bad about someone I know nothing about.
  Yeah, but I guess he was a Pentecostal preacher.
  I saw.
  Oh, and then he got into standup and then put every drug imaginable in his body.
  Hey, I believe I believe that's what killed him.
  His body weakened by all drugs.
  All cause of death.
  Thirty.
  All.
  Or what does it?  Was he in a car accident?  Was he?  He died in a car accident.
  Oh, I thought he was just like, I believe he died.
  But those things could.
  But I don't think.
  Yeah, I don't.
  I mean, I'm not disparaging a dead man.
  I just wanted to know if anybody could point me in the direction of like the Kinnison thing  that I've never seen.
  Yeah, because the way like Marin mentions him every that's what I'm saying.
  All the guys are like, oh, man, you had to be there.
  And I've seen clips and it's like, yeah, yeah.
  And I'm like, OK, all right.
  Was it like it was just kind of an intense introduce it now?  He might not be doing the best material for the horror hall of fame.
  But there's a thing about the maniac cop.
  There's no way to stop this cop on the loose.
  Anybody try it?  Don't I?  Yeah, I don't know.
  It could just be that had not been on TV before that hadn't existed because I saw those  yesterday.
  You know, the song I put a spell on you.
  I saw a performance of it and I'd never seen it.
  And I didn't know the context of the time was he would go on stage with skulls and had  a cloak and people were like this on TV skulls.
  Oh, really?  Scary.
  It was an uproar.
  It was like dark magic car.
  Yeah, car accident.
  Oh, all right.
  But he was like contemporary with like Bill Hicks, right?  He was another guy who was always angry and yelling.
  But I hear influences.
  Yeah.
  The material was a little better.
  I think.
  Yeah, I never got into Bill Hicks.
  I was into him, I think, right when I was starting college and it kind of faded away.
  I've heard him yelling about Leno and the Doritos commercial.
  I've heard that bit.
  He's like yelling at Leno for selling out, which thank God, because these television  personalities who you think have some like, you know, some integrity, see people just  sell out and do a huge ads is just so annoying.
  Anyway, let's talk about the ads in this show.
  Man, the ads are a real treasure.
  The ads that I couldn't tell if they were real ads or part of the show.
  And then I realized, oh, it's not a commercial break.
  The show is still going on.
  Yeah, two top, top level.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So excited.
  I'll do it in order of when they pretty play.
  I have the Mug Root Beer commercial.
  Go for it.
  I'm just going to play the whole thing because what I really like comes at the very end.
  Yes, agreed.
  Yes.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, that's part.
  Psycho with me, Elvira.
  You're at the Bates Motel.
  Look for me wherever they sell Mug Root Beer.
  Elvira's in the end.
  Enter the Psycho with Elvira contest.
  You can be my guest at Universal Studios in Hollywood for a monstrous bash at the Bates Motel.
  Shower anyone?  This Halloween goes Psycho with Elvira and win a party with Mug Root Beer and me.
  I love my mug.
  I love it.
  That guy, that guy in the end.
  I love my mug.
  I love my mug.
  I love my mug.
  I wish there was some documentation of like the party that she's talking about winning.
  Yes.
  I want to know.
  I want to know that with anything like this.
  Exactly.
  Then what happened?  Or is this a McDonald's sweepstakes thing where there was nothing ever.
  That's what I mean.
  Was it a complete lie?  The Nickelodeon contests where you would get to like going to KB Toys and throw a bunch  of shit in your cart like it was supermarket sweep, they would show that.
  And I think they would show the Nickelodeon like make your own, like make your room.
  Remember that contest?  Yes, I remember that.
  You get like five grand to make your dream room.
  I entered.
  I multiple times drug my mom to the post office to buy a pre-stamped.
  They used to have, maybe they still do pre-stamped generic postcards.
  So I could enter the Fox Kids and like Kids WB Contest where you would win all of a line  of Power Rangers toys.
  Like $500 of Power Rangers toys.
  But we never saw the results.
  We never saw the kid who won those toys.
  Nickelodeon would sometimes update, but you get no update on this.
  I don't know who got to party with Elvira at the Psycho House.
  What does that mean?  What does it mean?  Is it, hi, nice to meet you.
  I'm out of here.
  Because it seems so awkward.
  Anything like that, especially where it's like you and me, you're going to do.
  Right.
  There's no way.
  It had to be like a hello, nice to meet you.
  We're going to spend the day together drinking root beer.
  It's not a howl.
  You can't hang.
  I guess you can go in it, but it's not like they were going to throw a real party in there.
  No.
  What they're showing us is a giant set.
  The production value on these ads is unbelievable.
  It's so choreographed and she hits the edge of the staircase and a bunch of ghouls pop  up around her and somebody's got a tray of the frostiest mug root beer you've ever seen.
  And the ghouls look good.
  Their skin falling off is great.
  It's not hokey.
  Exactly scary enough.
  There's a lot of budget for these ads.
  A lot of budget.
  This would have been earlier than I would have been aware of even the brand mug root  beer, which I first would be aware of it because of its sponsorship of the Dana Carvey show.
  Yes, I was always fond.
  I think it worked on me because I loved the show when it aired and I think I did go.
  I drink mug now because I have to thank them for giving me the Dana Carvey show.
  My mom has always loved root beer.
  And so I knew all the brands because I knew Barks.
  We never bought Barks because Barks has caffeine in it.
  Yes, that's Barks has bite and that bite is caffeine.
  Yeah, I believe.
  But mug or A&W did not have caffeine.
  This was a big topic in our house as well.
  I didn't know about the caffeine until right now.
  I didn't know about the caffeine until right now.
  I thought all root beers had no caffeine.
  Not always.
  You gotta check.
  And I also feel like in the 90s, the root beer lines of the big soda companies had a lot bigger marketing budget.
  I feel like I don't see commercials for root beer anymore.
  The 90s was a very root beer heavy time.
  I drank a lot.
  I don't drink sodas anymore, but it was all root beer.
  That was the only one I drank.
  Genuinely, stuff like Dana Carvey show.
  Remember those ads with there was an ad with Love Train that was played all the time and very well done.
  I don't remember the gist of it.
  But yeah, boy, to be part of getting to ride the root beer wave of the late 90s.
  How did I become a chubby child eating two giant slices of pizza with my mug root beer  and washing it down with a bowl of Vianetta?  If you had barks, you would have had the energy to run around nonstop and wiggle it off.
  I liked root beer so much.
  I won't even say the word liked.
  I loved root beer so much.
  I brewed my own.
  There was a science kit from some toy store where you can make your own.
  Where it's anything that you brew where it's great.
  It's in the bottle.
  Seal it.
  Okay.
  Well, I'll see you in five days.
  Bottle with the new liquid inside.
  Wait, and then wait, would you drink it?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  How did it turn out?  Good.
  Really?  All root beer is good.
  Even one you made?  Yes.
  As a child, a child can make good root beer.
  What's the science behind it?  Don't know.
  You just followed the steps.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  25 years ago, who could tell?  I was just excited for the root beer.
  I followed the steps, burned the instructions, wiped it from my brain and then went to the  closet and got the root beer when it was ready.
  There was a minute when you were describing the process and you said you check in a few  days later and then the new liquid is there.
  I thought maybe you meant that your mom was like, oh poor Andrew thinks he really made  root beer and then put root beer in the bottle.
  Like the tooth fairy showed up.
  Perhaps.
  Perhaps that is what happened.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you might not know that.
  Still to this day.
  I don't know.
  I trust you.
  I think you could have done it.
  Anyway, yeah, boy, what a time, a great time for, I'm glad we all realized this together.
  We'll keep exploring this.
  The root beer night.
  Other great moments in root beer, the root beer of the 90s.
  But the other, how do you top that one?  Big production value.
  They did it.
  Oh my God.
  This is the greatest thing I've ever seen.
  The greatest commercial.
  I think you're just because I don't know if I don't know if he says his name or not, but  you enter a spooky, a model of a of a haunted house or like, you know what it is?  It's like a haunted loft.
  Like you know, it looks like a place where like a, you know, a Lionel Richie video would  have been shot.
  And then you go in and it is production value, a spooky party rivaling the everybody backstreet's  back video.
  There are 150 people in the frame.
  It's lit impeccably.
  It's probably like the, it's probably the DP crew of Batman doing it.
  Genuinely really cool ghosts.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  The imposed ghost, like the like superimposed characters look good.
  When do you see that back then?  This commercial looks better than Lawnmower Man.
  No question done in the same year.
  I thought I remembered the other one that I was like, these are scary movies and they  should be in a vault and I can't get anywhere near them.
  We're Lawnmower Man and Candyman.
  Well, yeah, I don't know much about Candyman.
  I've never seen Candyman.
  It's good.
  It's more of a tragic tale.
  Remade.
  It's like a gothic undertones.
  Yeah.
  It's not too scary.
  Okay.
  It's spooky.
  That's a wreck.
  That's we should figure out a way to name Andrew Rex, but yeah, Candyman.
  That's a thumbs up.
  Okay.
  That's a skeleton.
  How do you spookify it?  I want to give you a brand for recommendation.
  One detached thumb.
  One detached thumb up.
  It's a thumb, but it's got the bone poking out of the bottom and a little blood and torn  skin.
  Yeah, it rolls off the tongue.
  It's a gruesome detached thumbs up.
  Concise.
  Oh, that's right.
  Oh, gruesome.
  You're Andrew Gruesome.
  Yes, that is true.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So here's this ad and the big reveal when he turns around, there's a saxophone playing  musically and then the title on screen tells you that it is Clarence Clemens, the big man  from the East Street band.
  Bruce Springsteen's East Street band.
  And it's great.
  Yeah, this is one of the best ad verbs.
  I know.
  I completely agree.
  Guess what?  You're invited to the Halloween party of the year.
  Spill it out.
  Big Halloween haunt.
  Right, big man.
  160 very lucky people will be flown to Universal Studios Hollywood.
  And there's like an upside down.
  Mummy, right, big man.
  Kind of skipping Trayvore guy.
  And then now he's pouring Miller Lite into the ghosts in front of him.
  And then he lets loose on that saxophone just like it's Born to Run, the bridge on  Born to Run triumphantly.
  Big camera move, ghosts flying, people dancing, the most happening.
  So excited that when the camera soars along with that saxophone note, good looking ghosts  fly in.
  He's every time he shows up anywhere, it's the greatest thing.
  He's in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
  He's on like the council.
  He's not what is it called?  It's the three most important people in the world.
  You know what I'm talking about?  I haven't seen.
  I've watched.
  He's on like he's I think he's on Nash Bridges.
  Like he pops up everywhere.
  Original Ringo All-Star band.
  First lineup.
  Yes, he was on the All-Star band.
  He's been dead now for 10 years, which is so sad.
  Luckily, I got to see him and Bruce.
  But he and Bruce are the most or were the most like dynamic together on stage.
  They had the strongest connection more than Bruce with his wife.
  It was Clarence.
  Like that's the greatest love of his life, in my opinion.
  And they like they used to kiss on stage almost every night.
  They would do like a little dance.
  They would kiss on the mouth.
  It was like the really cute thing that they would do.
  That was his big musical.
  Little Stephen tried to fill that void.
  No, little Stevens off doing his own thing.
  OK, Nils is off doing his own thing.
  Patty's Clarence is missing, but his nephew is now on tour with them.
  Oh, that's who it is.
  OK, that's cool.
  And the last thing I'll say is that someone in the Clarence Clements family has made their  own Clarence beer that I follow on Instagram called Big Man's Brew Root Root Beer.
  No, no, no beer.
  Oh, beer.
  Yeah.
  That's why I was on the Big Man's Brew Instagram yesterday, because there was some sort of  events on the East Coast.
  You can get like a beer tap handle with a big saxophone on it.
  That's great.
  A hundred bucks or something.
  But you can't ship it.
  I was trying to figure out if I could ship some out here, but I can't.
  I don't think you can.
  I think somebody would have to buy it and send it.
  This is a good gift.
  Maybe you slide into those DMS and say, what if I pay you to ship it?  It's a good question.
  Yeah, I could do that.
  If you offer people money, they'll do a task.
  That's a good point.
  So there's a way to do it.
  There's a way to get some Big Man's Brew here.
  But anyway, he was speaking of his film appearances.
  He's one of the Louisiana Gator boys in Blues Brothers 2000.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  And he plays sax on the edge of glory, Lady Gaga's edge of glory, I believe.
  That's well his last guest spots.
  But I have a question.
  Did you guys ever have an opportunity to meet Bruce Springsteen?  I don't know what you're talking about.
  I can't remember.
  You want me to open the box of Crystal Head Vodka?  Really?  You didn't have to wake up very early or anything?  Don't worry about it.
  Wow, a life lived without meeting Bruce.
  My tolerance is way too low.
  I have to drive a car and do things today.
  I cannot be repeating stories.
  I want to make this clear.
  Jason is so afraid of taking one of these shots.
  I had a martini last night at a bar and I was like, I need a second before I get up.
  What were you?  Huh?  Is there a word that starts with H?  Huh?  Did you describe your level of inebriation?  Was it a word that starts with H?  Crossfaded because we were on the patio and no one was there so I could hit the vape pen  too.
  This also is, there's orange juice here that's not vodka.
  You're not forcing anyone to drink vodka.
  That is true.
  But what is the, you know, what do you need to do shots of orange juice?  Where's the fun?  I agree with that wholeheartedly.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Anyway.
  All right.
  Well good.
  You passed the test.
  What else happens in the first week?  We've got to make sure we cover all the grants.
  Zelda Rubenstein.
  Zelda Rubenstein appears?  Yeah.
  What does she do?  Does she introduce?  She introduces the alien tribute.
  And you get to see her introduce Tom Skerritt.
  She's so cool.
  So much charisma.
  In Austin, when I lived there at the Alma Drafthouse, there was a screening of a movie  called Anguish, which I do recommend one severed thumb up.
  But I will also say don't go to IMDB.
  Don't read anything about it if you want to see this movie.
  Did you give me your DVD of that?  Yes.
  It's kind of boring, but also is good.
  But she came out and spoke at it and was just full of life.
  The best interview ever.
  Loved her.
  So every time I see her in anything, acting or just being interviewed, I'm like, oh, there  she is.
  A treasure.
  Yeah.
  I have a joke written down and I can't tell.
  I think it was Phyllis Diller said the phrase picture Tip O'Neill in a sundress.
  And that is just a joke that you couldn't I don't think would play now.
  Like the oldest person in the audience would laugh and no one else laughing at the reference  to the speaker of the house.
  The only place you could ever hear anything about Tip O'Neill is if you were watching  like Chris Matthews five years ago, who would talk about Tip O'Neill like three times a  week because he worked for him.
  Oh, right.
  He would constantly be talking about Tip O'Neill when I used to work for Tip O'Neill.
  The big fact on Wikipedia is that Tip O'Neill broke with Lyndon Johnson and did not support  the Vietnam War.
  So this this in the 90s was an old reference.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Or is that is this is the PTR curse weirdly going to befall Tip O'Neill or is he already  Tip O'Neill's day?  There is.
  Chris Matthews alive.
  This is great for you guys.
  We're mainly just talking about dead people today.
  Yeah, we've got you.
  Unless the curse brings them back.
  Oh, no.
  But I have another I.
  No, I don't want to mention now because of the curse.
  Well, Big Bob accepts an award kind of in a funny gag.
  The spider comes down from the ceiling because of arachnophobia.
  We have a full explanation.
  I know, but I don't want to be the one to say his name.
  And you said without content.
  And then Big Bob.
  So accepts the award for our movie of the year.
  You have to say it.
  All right.
  You're the one I for I I did take a second.
  They said arachnophobia.
  And I was like, wait, isn't the director of arachnophobia Jimmy Buffett's best friend,  Frank Marshall?  And sure enough, he comes on stage with a really wild haircut like a Jimmy like similar  to Jimmy, maybe run similar to Jimmy.
  It's like a mullet in the back, but bald on top.
  It's the perfect transition of the 80s to the 90s.
  It is special from 1990.
  He picks this out without even maybe realizing there was the Frank Marshall connection.
  Yes.
  Frequently discussed man.
  Yes.
  Producer of all the Spielberg stuff in the 80s.
  But then I forgot that he directed movies.
  He directed arachnophobia.
  He directed Congo and something else.
  It's not a few.
  It's an odd.
  Yeah.
  What else do you remember?  Speaking of directors, the the editor in chief of the movie magazine is given his award  right by Joe Dante.
  And then William Friedkin and John Landis.
  Is that right?  Like three massive directors.
  And they barely say anything.
  They just give it to the guy.
  They just give it to the guy.
  We were we've seen Frank Marshall in person.
  Of course, this I don't think this is five timers.
  I think we've all mentioned this twice, maybe that we of course, when we went to the Jurassic  World ride opening, Frank spoke there.
  I have zero memory of that.
  You really strongest.
  You remember that I actually did not remember that.
  I just remembered I just remembered like us going to get in line for the ride again.
  And we're like, oh my God, is Trevorrow getting on the ride again?  We tried very hard to ride the ride with Trevorrow.
  He was leaving and then the ride operators were like, sorry, we've already shut down  for the night.
  Yeah, we got we got one ride on it that night because we were just too excited about everything  else.
  But Frank, you don't remember Frank Marshall speaking and talking about the ride.
  Somehow, whatever Frank Marshall said did not stay in my heart enough to remember.
  Do you remember the fireworks?  Yes.
  OK, I do remember the fireworks and the Raptor more than I remember the words off a card  from Frank Marshall.
  I count as five timers if maybe I've said it five times, but they don't remember.
  I don't know.
  Mike, I'll say again.
  Trust your heart.
  OK, I don't think it man.
  I think it doesn't.
  Then it sounds like it does.
  It doesn't come.
  We remember the phone party.
  That's the again, I will say I didn't want to make it sound like I didn't like arachnophobia.
  It was just a crucial fear for my life as a child.
  I now like arachnophobia.
  OK, like the Jimmy Buffett song.
  Don't bug me.
  Soundtrack.
  How does that go?  Don't bug me.
  Don't something.
  Yeah, I bet I like that.
  I think it's in the credits.
  OK.
  Yeah, it's very gentle, very gentle song.
  Somehow that's not a five timer.
  There's still so many.
  That's a new reference.
  I mean, it's just like this, this whole the hours and hours of this award show.
  And we're like excavating like recent history.
  Like there's so much, you know, when people first started wearing masks and then complaining  Everyone was like, oh, this happened 100 years ago during the flu pandemic.
  Yes.
  Wait, you're saying I'm saying that like it's it's makes sense.
  We forget something from 100 years ago in like our cultural memory.
  But then forget something from like 30 years ago or less.
  Like with huge names like the Jimmy Buffett.
  Don't bug me.
  Yeah, I just mean this award show in general.
  We wore masks in the pandemic.
  We need to have Frank Marshall speak live in person, mere feet away from your body.
  I I remember seeing a member of the Hearst family and hiding behind a pillar.
  Correct.
 But they didn't speak there like any sane person.
  Oh, that works in entertainment.
  Like, oh, shit, it's the people who sue everyone.
  Hide.
  I bet somebody who is there like a vlogger, somebody filmed this Frank Marshall speech.
  I want to I feel like I need to look it up and post it now to see whatever.
  What was this electric performance that Frank Marshall gave that that you will never forget  for the rest of your life?  I'll look at I'll find it.
  It's it'd be really funny if he wasn't there.
  I don't remember.
  He was for sure there.
 OK, no doubt he wasn't.
  He was there.
 You've Mandela effect to yourself.
  I mean, look, I'm getting older.
  Who knows? Who knows what I thought I saw?  Spielberg was not there.
  There was reference to Spielberg not being there.
  I remember.
 Do you remember that?  Yeah, I do.
 He was.
  He made all the sense in the world that Spielberg would be not there.
  He was at West Side.
 He was filming West Side Story at the time.
  So that's why he was.
  He would have.
 What a shame that Spielberg missed an opportunity  to associate himself closely with the Jurassic World franchise.
  It's a good point.
  Who else? We should talk about these other years.
  Yeah, there's one thing I just will bring up.
  We don't have to discuss it.
  I do think it's interesting, but these are also good dishwashing moments  where it just goes, now, what is the history of this actor?  And you're like, OK, this is OK.
 We get a little hit.
  So there is interesting interviews.
 I like that it all exists.
  It's all they throw to a lot of packages  that are between the live things that they will make.
  Yeah, they're all totally interesting.
  They're a little good sleepy nap time, but they're also interesting.
  If it's stuff you've never heard, if you're a dork like me,  you kind of go, well, I kind of know all this.
  But it's yes, it is neat to just see all these people be interviewed,  especially I forget.
  It's a lot of people where I just associate them with being very old  and saying, oh, in the 90s, they're kind of middle aged and thriving  and excited to talk about the past.
  Maybe not a bad form.
  It's something like the Oscars could adopt where they like  because now they just kind of like, we got to rush through everything,  rush through everything.
  We will show giant montages of all the movies you see every year.
  Always we have to do that.
 We can't not do that.
  And then you never feel like you get a chance to know the movies  and the filmmakers and what they are.
  And they just throw all these titles at you that no one's watching.
  Koda, it's Koda.
  But what is like, give me a sense of what it is.
  And I actually think the format of this is pretty cool.
  It's good.
 It's actually like, let's tribute the movies  and take a little time with them.
  Also, if you're a person watching this special,  you are probably the person who is interested in these behind the scenes  things.
 Yes.
  The Oscars are even though the Oscars are a little like snooty  for maybe the average moviegoer.
  It does feel like if it feels like there's an overlap between big  horror fans and people that might be interested in behind the scenes.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
 That is true.
  One other thing I want to bring up that I like is the Cryptkeeper  having costume changes throughout.
  Oh, does he? Yeah, at the very end, the first one he's dressed as Freddy Krueger.
  He's got a different sweater on.
  Oh, wow.
  It's just a nice little touch.
  They dress him up like that.
  There's also low key advertising.
  Everything is tagged like available on Paramount home video,  available on Universal.
  It's a lot of VHS courtesy of such a studio.
  That was another thing I liked that it wasn't just here's a Disney package  of only Disney properties.
  It's hey, it's another studio.
 I know we're at Universal.
  That's fine.
 Yeah, we'll talk about this thing.
  It's exciting.
 It's a horror movie.
 Yeah, that is weird.
  You would not see that as much.
  Like everybody, all the studios are going in on it.
  Let's just all have a little bit.
  I mean, there was no clip of Vincent Price being bitten by vampire Kermit.
  Which we've all seen, but I'm sure they couldn't license that, but that's fine.
  But in general, it was nice to just.
  Talk about the industry and the history of movies in this way,  not that it's this pure thing, it's still promoting all of it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I don't know, I felt a little more wholesome in some ways.
  A little special.
 Yeah, they all are.
  The rip of this first one, too, shows a preview of what's coming up  on the evening news and they tease.
  It could microwave popcorn be bad for you.
  And I'm like, are we still we're still doing that?  We're still having this conversation.
  Well, is there another is there's another one that has the ending  where they're like, the news is on strike.
  Did you see that upload?  Oh, I think I missed that.
  There's one news that the news isn't the credits.
  I don't know what the story is.
  There's like news on strike.
  Will you get your newspaper cuts off?  Oh, yeah, sure.
  Oh, that's a that's an enigma.
  Anyway, so first year is super fun.
  You know, big tributes to great movies and people.
  Arachnophobia gets an award.
  Big Bob the spider.
  Big Bob comes out.
 You see every.
  Oh, and wait, just a random.
  I always love all the pairings, too, that like from Who's the Boss?  Danny Pintaro and Jason.
  Great pairings.
  Jason kind of lingers in the background,  I believe, as the producers of Night of the Living Dead accept their award.
  Jason just stands there haunting you.
  And it's a really good Jason costume, not like the sort of bad, cheap  Hannibal Lecter in one of the other.
  Yeah, that's that's off.
  It's a good Jason with all of his weird skull and the leather straps.
  And he's dirty.
 He looks like he came out of a swamp.
  Yeah.
 Can I that I will give a severed thumb up.
  The first Friday, the 13th movie is one of the strangest movies I've ever seen,  because everyone is speaking in a way where no one has spoken before.
  It's just like the strangest delivery and the strangest dialogue.
  And it's like the really shoe strength budget.
  It's a lot of seemingly handheld camera.
  I think I watched it during the Halloween during 2020.
  And I was just like, this is so odd.
  And I very charming.
  It is very charming.
  I made a movie.
 Yeah.
  It's good.
 I'll take that separate thumbs up.
  Second year, we end up there's there's like a birds cold opening.
  He says Robert Englund says this hosting job is for the birds.
  I think that same joke happens later.
  Well, isn't that also a bunch of birds fly to the fog?  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  This time he opens a door and it sees the amphitheater again.
  And I don't like the set as much.
 The sets are different, right?  I think so.
 It's in the university theater again.
  But I like volume one set more.
  Volume one is stronger, I think, than two in general.
  I have less stuff about two, but I took less notes on two.
  I did too.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  You get to I like that in the opening, it's like with appearances by Lurch.
  Yeah.
 And that guy had just come off of season two of Twin Peaks.
  He's he's that tall man and Lurch had men in black, too.
  I just saw him in that.
 I forgot he was in Doctor Sleep.
  A movie I love that few people saw because it was long,  but I think it's good and earned it.
  And I really love that movie, but he's great in it.
  I read them up.
 This one is sillier.
  I feel like a little a little bit.
 Yeah.
  It's a little more.
 Yeah.
  I have to say, so Gilbert Gottfried is in this.
  I had forgotten that he like annoyed the Emmy voter like the  he had done a bit at the Emmy Awards.
  I have no context for that.
  I have no context for this.
  I think he probably was a little Ryeballed, a little.
  It was weird hearing you about to say the word.
  Oh, you were making a bee and then you switched it to Ryeball.
  Yeah, I got I got myself.
  But he would that have been a five timers.
  I know.
 But nobody's just a major part of the body.
  Body.
 Body.
 Body.
 Body.
  Why is like a alternate name for our show, a twist worthy of Alfred Hitchcock  presents.
 But the Gilbert Gottfried bit, I swore I've seen this before.
  Someone with a shock collar.
  Yeah, who is not allowed to because of something that he did previously.
  He keeps getting shocked.
  Yeah, it feels familiar to me.
  Yeah, I just had no idea.
  Like, boy, you had to really just seen whatever he did at the end.
  Is that one of those things where the Emmys was viewed by 50 million people?  So that was a very present joke just back in the day.
  Oh, 100 percent.
  Maybe.
 But did you care about the I don't know.
  I guess I was.
 Yeah, maybe I was three.
  So I really have no context for this.
  The EC Comics segment, I think is really good.
  I feel like people don't know a lot about that, that like comics were put on trial  essentially in front of the Senate.
  Oh, yeah.
 The one asshole wrote a book.
  This guy, Frederick Wortham, wrote this book, Seduction of the Innocent,  about like comics are responsible for juvenile delinquency.
  Yeah, Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile Delinquency.
  Yeah.
 Which and this and EC Comics is who made Tales from the Crypt.
  The Tales from the Crypt, Mad Magazine.
  Oh, Mad Magazine.
  I thought I recognized the name William Gaines.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Really great to just see all those guys being interviewed  and talk about it and the history of it.
  That's where the comic code came from.
  Yes.
 Which stuck around for decades.
  So like 10 years ago, maybe something like that.
  A little like imprint that was on all the comics for decades  that said like approved by the comic code,  like a standards and practices for like content.
  They had a parental advisory equivalent.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Done in the 60s or the 50s.
  And it was there for decades.
  And then finally, like a year, a couple of years ago, it feels like somebody was like,  why the fuck is this still on here?  Yeah, we don't have to do that.
  That's funny.
 They finally just shut it off.
  I have an update about Jurassic World opening ceremony.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Here's the thing.
 I cannot.
  It doesn't.
  There's a man with.
  What's that? Is this an update?  It would absolutely.
 Yes.
  So Frank Marshall, I sent you a photo, is up there with them.
  He is on stage with everyone.
  There is a man with white hair that apparently spoke that's not him.
  I don't know that he actually said anything on Mike.
  I'm trying to find a better recording.
  I think there's another guy that looks like him  that might have been the one that spoke.
  I may be misremembering a different older man.
  Maybe was no speech by Frank.
  Might not have been a Frank Marshall speech.
  I remember him there.
  Obviously, he was there because I would be excited about it.
  But there was a different older man around the same age that he is.
  Do you remember?  My mind, that is my memory of Frank Marshall speaking.
  Do you remember liking the speech being emotionally touched by the.
  No, I remember the biggest feeling is, oh, my God, Frank Marshall's on stage.
  I you know what I remember is five to ten minutes ago being scolded  for not remembering the touching.
  I apologize by Frank Marshall.
  I apologize.
 All of a sudden, I apologize for that.
  I'm I'm wrong.
  You do.
 You neither of you remembered him being there, though, right?  I thought it was OK.
 OK.
  Even though I'm sure I'm sure you all night really.
  I think it's Frank Marshall over there.
  Trevorrow spoke for sure.
  I don't even know the Pratt spoke.
  Doesn't even look like he spoke, but he was there.
  Brice, they're all like that, basically.
  Yeah, they did a skit with blue.
  Yeah.
 So I don't Frank Marshall.
  I don't think Frank Marshall's I'm going to dig deeper,  but I apologize for saying he spoke.
  I don't want to get I don't want to get all the letters  that I usually get when I say something wrong.
  I got the chronology of Bobby Boris Pickett in a different  Halloween band wrong a few years ago.
  Oh, OK.
 Who came after you?  One person, I think.
  Bobby Boris Pickett apologized seven times in the email about it, probably.
  Really? I don't mean to bother you.
  I'm really sorry.
 I do not want to.
  Not the picket widow.
  I don't think I'm still alive.
  Bobby, we're speaking.
 No.
 OK.
  No, no.
 There's a couple of segments in this that are a little strange.
  Like when they go to Universal Studios Hollywood, which I was trying to figure out,  is that Universal Studios Hollywood for like some really quick like bumpers?  Oh, they go to Florida.
  They go to Florida.
 Oh, excuse me.
 Yeah, they go to Florida.
  But I'm like, wait, he's just standing in front of a psycho house and a fountain.
  Are they lying?  I don't think so.
  No, no, no, because they're they actually they are on the set.
  The indoor psycho house set of the Alfred Hitchcock  Magic of Making Movies that we talked about a while ago.
  Yeah, it was a little hard to tell on the clip.
  The other thing that I trust Robert's I don't trust Freddie, but I trust Robert.
  I just thought it was so funny to fly Robert Englund to shoot a couple  really rushed promos.
 He's jimmin through.
  Yeah.
 Maybe they gave him a free day at the park.
  Now, like film these and then do you have your fun?  A thing that is not rush that goes on really long  is the Ron Howard testimony about Roger Corman.
  And I feel like he he says a lot of nice things about Roger Corman,  but it felt like they were going to chop it up and use some of it.
  And then they're like, well, let's just use all of it.
  Ron Howard.
 That's just yeah.
  Yeah, that segment was very, very long.
  I don't have enough Roger Corman.
  Yeah, special effects segments, the special effects segments.
  I wanted to like more because I love seeing special effects.
  Grew up with that.
  Oh, yeah.
 There's all these little interstitials with like a horror makeup guy  trying stuff on his assistant and things go awry.
  I don't really nice enough people didn't really care for it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Cure was off.
  Can I ask, are you the Corman stuff?  Corman made, you know, what, a thousand movies.
  Yeah.
 Hearing the Vincent Price one where they went and then he had the deal  for a decade where he would make every single thing  that Edgar Allan Poe wrote.
  Wow.
 I mean, not that exactly, but yeah.
 Right.
  But are you like is the Corman like what's the most famous one?  Rock and roll high school that he made the man with the X-ray eyes  is one I really like, which I talk about.
  But I was going to say, are you a court?  Do you know Corman stuff?  Because I didn't really grow up with it.
  And then whenever I put it on, I appreciate it.
  It's a little sleepy.
  I appreciate like the business of him making a movie quickly that is of quality  coming in under budget, selling it.
  I like all that.
 And everyone seems to be having fun.
  I don't quite connect with those movies as well.
  But man with the X-ray eyes is really good.
  I put it on recently.
  It was just a title I'd always heard.
  And it's like a very good sort of cosmic horror movie.
 Yeah.
  I just feel like the lore around the studio and all the people that went through  there seems oftentimes more compelling than anything I flip through.
  When he just will go, hey, you want a shot at making a movie? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  OK, you got to do these things.
  OK, and I can make a movie.
 Yeah.
  And I'm not going to pay you much, but I get to make a movie.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  And then they go.
  Everyone grows from it.
  I like that that is the funnier die of its time.
  It's going to say or the asylum.
  I know people who've gone on to make movies who started at the asylum.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Anyways, what else?  What does it? Oh, well, I like that you get a big and here to accept the award.
  Jeff Legosi.
  There are so many go sees so many legacies.
  Grant's famous last names, famous last name, but then a name.
  But Tippi Hendren, they got to be Hendren.
  Hadron, right?  Is it? Yeah.
 Yeah, it's.
  Oh, I've said it wrong for years.
  Correcting your left.
 Oh, that's all right.
  But it's important we leave the corrections and we can't edit them.
  No, they have to be in.
  But yes, there's so many like me again.
  I said nieces of somebody like this.
  The who's the who's the funniest one?  Pat Hitchcock was his daughter.
  That one was very funny.
  It was like my best friend known forever.
  Pat Hitchcock.
 Right, right.
  But it's it's so like Bella.
  I guess it's I'm trying to think the famous ones.
  Bela, go see Peter Laurie.
  They mention there's there's a Karloff daughter or something.
  I did.
 Yeah.
  Linda Karloff.
  Yeah.
 Richard Mall got so much applause that he had to like pause his speech.
  Mm hmm.
  Yes.
 If you want to see obscure relatives, Sarah, Sarah Karloff, cotton.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  Shatner.
 Oh, yeah.
  Shatner Shatner from rescue 911.
  It is fascinating to me to see Shatner when you go like,  oh, this is like Prime Shatner and he's 65 years old.
  It's pretty wild.
  Like he's just around for so long.
  He's like in WWE segments from 1995.
  And I go based on that.
  He's 60 years old here, like fighting with Jerry Lawler.
  We'll get Tom Cruise for another 32 years or so.
  Oh, he's going to be the first one like to never die.
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
  It's either forever or he's gone.
  The first immortal man.
  Well, that's true.
  If he gets sucked into space when he's shooting that space movie.
  I don't have much to say about this, but I thought this line was clunky  when they're describing the movie Predator 2, he says,  and this movie, Spaced Invaders find themselves in L.
A.
  with a few days to kill.
  And then the reveals Predator 2, so it's not really a joke,  not really fun, not informative of the movie.
  It's not a joke or dry information.
  I just don't like it.
  There's a there's a Shatner.
  Didn't we talk about this?  There's a Shatner like Tales from the Crypt from the late 90s  where he shot all the interstitials like at a bar.
  And it's the laziest shit you've ever seen.
  And it's like it's that's on 2B, I think.
  I forget the name of it.
  But it's like there's like 25 episodes of this.
  You've never heard of cranked it all out in a day.
  Yeah, I'm sure a runner for these that I do like how they end is Robert  England saying next year I'll be back.
  And it sounds like he's going to go in a new Freddie movie.
  But then there'll be some joke about what it is.
  And I like that he carved the number three into his chest.
  Yes.
 Back in Horror Hall of Fame three.
  Yeah.
 Rips his shirt open and he clawed his own.
  You know, one thing we forgot to mention, I mean, we mentioned him  in the first horror hall of fame when Chucky presents.
  We didn't really talk about that.
 Yeah.
  He's wearing a little white jinner jacket.
  So many puppets in this.
  It's very sharp.
  It looks sharp.
  But the thing he's introducing is clips from horror movies around the world.
  And then he comes back and he's like, but when you go to the multiplex  this fall by American.
  And I was like, that is so odd.
  And then he says, see Child's Play 2.
  And I was like, OK, it kind of makes sense.
  But that's such an aggressive way to put it.
  Were you listening to all the jokes he was saying? Yeah.
  OK, yeah.
 Yeah.
  So in a way, by American is a good punchline  for the sort of xenophobic jokes.
 Yeah.
  I didn't really like them.
  The jokes that much.
  I do want to see the movies.
 I do.
  Yeah, the movies looked cool.
  Crazy looking.
  But it was just kind of like a little odd that they're like, oh, the farm movies.
  Let the doll do that.
  Give that to Chucky.
  Scott, there's something I've sent you and I'm a big Chucky fan.
  Love them.
  We won't go down this rabbit hole too far.
  I found there's this era of promotional movies  that were just for blockbusters and mom and pop shops of, hey,  you should buy a thousand copies of this to rent.
  Look how popular the movie is.
  Oh, yeah.
 Videos made for the video store chains.
  Yes.
 To like that.
  This is going to up your sales.
  You're seen by no one but that.
  But now they're all on YouTube and you can watch it.
  And there's one with Chucky and it's Chucky talking to Cameron.
  He's in sunglasses smoking a cigar.
  But the puppet is bad.
  The mouth isn't really moving.
  Brad Dorff sounds like he doesn't want to be there promoting it.
  But he's like, Chucky made big baffo bucks, you see.
  And that's why all the kiddies want to see it.
  The adults.
 It's a real scream.
  And he's in some sort of Hollywood studio.
  And then there's a Freddy Krueger one I found later where it has everyone  that I believe is real employees of, I assume, not actors,  doing a sketch for one of them is scared of going to sleep or else.
  Freddy Krueger will come and talk about the potential residuals.
  But so this was another sort of sleepy Brad Dorff.
  And not a knock on it.
  I could see him wanting to be a little sleepy and not there.
  He's also exorcist three is coming out that year.
  So maybe he doesn't want to cross promote.
  But it's so exciting to see Chucky in anything walking around talking.
  I love it.
  And being like a celebrity.
  Being a celebrity, he also exits camera.
  He like kind of waddles off and he talks to Robert England.
  Yeah.
 I would love they would be the best.
  They would be the best of friends.
  Yeah.
 If you're nerdy for crossovers.
  Yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that.
  Do you remember when he did a commentary on Weekend Update with Colin Quinn?  Yes, I do remember that Chucky and then pans over and the sink was way.
  It was they clearly like programmed a robot to do this bit.
  And they who as soon as it started, it was wrong.
  I still love it.
 It's great to see him.
  Stuff like that.
  I think we all like what you were saying.
  Buzz Lightyear presenting on the Oscars day.
  But some things BB eight rolls onto stage, anything like that.
  Always great.
  Dana and David should have Chucky on the pod on the fly on the wall podcast.
  Oh, Carvey and Spain.
  That's what I mean.
  Yeah, he was on SNL.
  Yes, this is what it is.
  Nothing like it.
  You know, the thrill of the would Chucky enjoy being on Club Randall?  I think I think he would.
  Yes.
  Now, here's a guy I can relate to.
  Now, this guy I get is not the SJW.
  I don't have a lot more to say about this one.
  And I, you know, we've been going a while.
  I feel like we got to talk about three.
  But we throw testing anything else you want to that too?  No, nothing else.
  The third one, when I pulled it up, I saw 36 minutes or 33, whatever it was.
  And I thought, ah, fuck, this is an incomplete upload.
  Yeah.
  And I started watching it.
  And then every it's both shorter and feels longer.
  All the segments are really stretching for time.
  But it chopped it in half.
  Only an hour now.
  Is this the first?  Is this the only bill that the amazing Jonathan and Bobby Bors picket ever shared?  I hope not, but it might be.
  But possibly that.
  So, yeah, kind of a downgrade this year.
  The first two years, it's this huge event in the Universal Amphitheater.
  It's massive.
  And now it gets it's still Universal Studios, but it is  downsized to I want to say it's the Castle Theater,  which is where the Conan the Barbarian show  and Beetlejuice Graveyard Review and not a fun set to look at compared to the others  where you can tell the others were made for this event.
  I mean, I'm sure it's piecemeal from something, but this one is.
  We're going to have this set.
  Yeah.
 And we have the mechanism to make these.
  They let's make what they'll give us the budget, but less.
  So let's just do this.
  The Castle Theater, which, by the way,  Universal Studios venue since 1979.
  And the rumors are very strong now that it's going to be torn down.
  We haven't talked about this show that it will be torn down  to make room for the loading zone for a Fast and Furious  to the rumor and leaked.
  There were leaked art to which I mean, there's always art.
  So that doesn't necessarily mean it's a done deal.
  But are the vehicles going to be cars or Vin Diesel?  Do you get to like ride on his back in his big head or something?  I believe cars.
  I think there are cars.
  I think there's a drifting side of it.
  Yeah, I think that I think that roller coaster, but there's a drifting mechanism  to make you feel like you're drifting also.
  Well, the designs can be changed.
  That's true.
 Yeah, there's still time.
  I just want a moment when you're like in the car about to launch or so  and you get to look over and not at him.
  Oh, wow.
 What a good idea.
  Honestly, I remember it's a very good idea.
  Anyway, excited for that.
  But anyway, the mad know that there is history to this venue  that is being torn down, and that is the horror Hall of Fame three  in which Bride of Frankenstein was honored and Amazing Jonathan performed.
  I like some of the amazing.
  I always love it.
  It's kind of an odd thing in the middle of this.
  Yeah, he just feels like, yeah, why?  Why is this full thing in this?  I think he had just done a lot of TV  specials or sets at this point, and they're like, oh, he's kind of macabre.
  Sure.
 But we have 30 minutes.
  It's funny because they put the longest, like almost unrelated bit.
  Oh, yeah.
 Horror.
  But still, it's yeah.
  You can get as many kind of legends this one because no Vincent Price.
  You got no Roger Tormann.
  You're well, you know, but they but they didn't get as many.
  Maybe it was like we got to just stack it up with performances.
  I think in a way, I know that there's varied history with everything  and just there's so much information out there.
  I think they kind of maybe went through all the heavy hitters  that just someone on the street would know.
  Like, oh, yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, yeah.
 They would have already honored.
  It's the big it's it's Frankenstein and Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi  and Alien and Sounds of the Lambs and stuff.
  And so like, yeah, we couldn't do it for John Carpenter because he's like,  I don't want to be celebrated.
  I assume he'd be like, no, thank you.
  Oh, that's a good point.
 Yeah, yeah.
  They did Psycho and the Birds.
  I'm working on Mouth of Madness, a movie.
  Andrew will grow up to love.
  That is a good movie.
  It's like the same thing happens.
  Bike TV's Guy Awards or whatever they were called.
  You know, they ran out of guys to celebrate.
  When we first started talking about this topic, I was like, oh, God,  is this a contemporary of the guys choice awards  and the Comedy Central roast of whoever roasted by  one of their friends and all Comedy Central ringers?  You know? Yeah, yeah, yes.
  It all depends with those roasts, because sometimes it was all ringers.
  And then sometimes it was people with friends.
  But this had been a roast with like Freddie and some sort of  like letter face and the leprechaun.
  The leprechaun was missing.
  Oh, yeah, no leprechaun.
  Did they just not cut a deal with the studio or something?  Probably.
 How is there no leprechaun?  I think there had only been one at the time, right?  Yeah, maybe.
 Oh, yeah.
  Maybe it didn't loom as large.
  Yeah, maybe because he wasn't like in full like comedy.
  Yeah.
  Julie Louise Dreyfus didn't come to talk about Troll 1.
  Yeah.
 Troll, really?  Were there any? When was Tremors?  When was the first Tremors?  It was talked about in this.
  Yes, talking about.
  Yeah.
 So they didn't didn't have time to build the history.
  Right.
 All the nine Tremors that we have now.
  A lot of Tremors.
  You also this one ends up giving the prime award of horror movie of the year,  which were the previous ones.
  It was Arachnophobia the first year, Sansa Lambs the second.
  And then this one goes to the Adams family, which like, I don't know if that's a horror movie.
  You kind of wanted him to say in my Freddie movie that's nominated.
  You want him to win it?  Yeah, you do.
  All the work he's put in three years running being the host of this.
  Yeah, that would be nice to go back to the 74 Horror Hall of Fame.
  Been some price.
 Pretty pleased.
  More than anything, I want to hear more about the 74.
  The thing we all called boring.
  You're going to be very excited for this little point where John  asked the Anvins and price agree that Adams family was not really horror.
  Sorry, we all have to recover from that.
  They both say I don't really feel it.
  And they feel that it's just about a good family, a nice family.
  That is good information.
  Everyone's let that sink in.
  Yeah, no, we are.
 No, we're all taking it.
  We're all taking a second.
  The information.
  And then at the end, he promised he chops off a finger, holds up a hand.
  Robert England does.
 Yes.
  He says, and we'll return for a horror hall of fame for as a bloody hand  with only four fingers.
  No four ever happened.
  And there was no horror hall of fame for it to not happen.
  So it's kind of a sad it's a promise of a sequel that didn't occur.
  Yeah, which is too bad.
  Is this I this is a I encourage people to watch these videos.
  They're fun.
 Bring it back.
  Promote the movie Megan coming out in January with the robot girl  that have like the nun presented.
  I want them all.
 I want them all.
  Some of them are still going.
  Blue, the Rapture.
  I'm not a big horror guy.
  Have dipped my toe in.
  I loved the Megan trailer.
  I was like, well, I got to see Megan.
  I'm going to slide in another wreck.
  The director made this movie Housebound.
  That's a New Zealand horror movie from 2014 that not enough people have seen.
  It's one of my favorite movies.
  Everyone who sees it goes, I can't believe I've never seen this.
  Wow.
 Watch Housebound.
  Sure.
 And now this is the follow up movie and it's a horror comedy.
  I assume this will be a little funny.
  I like.
 Yeah, I agree.
 It's a great trailer.
  Yeah.
 The creepy doll doing TikTok dances.
  But bring back the horror Hall of Fame.
  Yeah.
 With that with we have almost we have 30 years of new horror.
  Now it's replenished.
 Now there is plenty.
  There's the genre is so huge.
  It's not as culty as it was.
  There's a ton that you can pan from Pam's labyrinth.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  Oh, you cut to the audience and pan.
  Yeah, he can't touch the microphone or the other guy with the with the eyes on his hand.
  Oh, yeah.
 What's that? What's that character's name?  He's supposed to present the award and then he can't figure out how to grab it.
  Man, the fawn is the main.
  Oh, yeah.
 Fawn's the main guy.
 Fawn's the main guy.
  Yeah.
 Pam.
  Look, let Jason Blum and Jordan Peele like produce it.
  They would make it funny and also at the horror stuff.
  You know, this chore.
  They would love it.
  They would love it.
  And look, get Robert Englund to host it.
  Yeah, he's around.
  He's around.
  Again, Elvira, she's around.
  She was just in New York Comic Con.
  All of them.
 Horror's not going anywhere.
  Right.
  But we just as the closer, the one with somebody who isn't around  and who cannot do the big feature performance.
  And this might be the most fun thing in any of them is that you get a big stage  performance of the Immortal Monster Mash.
  By Bobby Boris Pickett.
  Really, that's where I told you when I said, you know what?  I think we want to do that episode.
  You had us at Bobby Boris Pickett because you get a performance  not just of him doing the Monster Mash, but partway through.
  He is joined by the monsters from Beetlejuice's Graveyard Review.
  Yeah.
 So listeners, if you do nothing else and you are a fan of that kind  of old Universal Studios stuff, there is that you get to see the ultimate  mashup, the legitimization of the Graveyard Review gang.
  Yeah.
 By having the ultimate monster singer.
  And he's given it his all.
  He's given his all.
 He's wearing his legs.
  Wearing a tuxedo backed up by Beetlejuice and the gang.
  He's doing his face tricks.
  Well, yeah, the band that was this was a track, right?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 There's no band.
  There's no band.
  The monsters are all creeping around behind, you know, the monsters like  the Wolfman, Frankenstein and Beetlejuice.
  He just doesn't.
  He's a little bit of a different him.
  Is just a backup monster is funny.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  He does all the facial expressions.
  Bobby Borgspickett's thing is that he like would like grimace  like he was a monster and he does it here for the listeners.
  Mike was doing the faces.
  He's doing them now to mimic a great facial impression of Bobby Borgspickett.
  He's doing a great job.
  I wish you all could see.
  I just now like I felt eyestrain when I did it.
  That's why you need to leave it to the professionals like Bobby Borgspickett.
  Did you do your stretches this morning?  Of eye popping out.
  I did.
 Yeah.
  It's great.
 It's a great performance.
  And it's you know, there's probably an episode to be done about  Mashes in general, maybe or the body of work of Bobby Borgspickett.
  Yeah, because there was the monster swim and the monster rap.
  It was like a chubby checker situation where it was like,  I don't know what else to do.
  Let's just go back to the well and see if it works.
  But I like the monster swim.
 It's great.
  The my yeah, I mean, there's something to it.
  There's something to introduce my dick holiday.
  The monster swims introduced by Dick Clark.
  And there's a very weird sketch.
  It's early television.
  But like I think a snake or something spooks him on his shoulder.
  And he's in the audience.
  It's like, oh, well, I mean, that was scary.
  Well, this is also scary.
  And then it's the monster swim.
  And it's about like, what if you swam?  And I they what if you swam like a monster  to the same tune as the monster?  There's a there's a full I mean, there's a full episode,  I think, on just all the horror hosts albums.
  Like Elvira has an album I've been listening to lately.
  So many Freddie, like the Freddie game was.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  A four player game.
  There was a guy named Zachary who has an album I really like.
  I think I've mentioned that four years ago.
  Is that a five? I think it's three timers, maybe.
  I don't think it's five.
  I think it's three or four at the most.
  Uh huh.
 Zachary awareness means you don't have to take a shot.
  Zachary for president.
  And he's like, let's put a good in the White House.
  And that's like the premise of a song.
  You must be so upset that there is not there's no  that there are a genre of music that is not popular on the radio right now is  Mashes.
  I am 100 percent.
 Yes, I am.
  I am.
 They're not the at least three artists a year who I'm a big fan.
  I one year I really went through a lot of like just on Apple Music.
  And it's just believe it or not, a lot of shit, a lot of terrible.
  Was that your depression year?  There was 22 was Covid 20.
  Oh, OK.
 Oh, that's how you spend Covid.
  Time to find every mash.
  Yeah.
 But if you have a depression year, you get it all out of your system  and you never get depressed again.
  Exactly.
 So that's good.
  Yeah.
 Good.
 You got it out of the way so early.
  That's right.
 It's one and done.
 It's not Covid.
  It's not.
 There's no variant to it.
  So it's it's great.
  All these are a lot of fun.
  And I, you know, I there wasn't anything that interesting in  like behind the scenes.
 Couldn't find anything.
  People.
 Yeah, not a lot.
  I mean, I think one of the people writing and producing it  went on to be the president of WeTV.
  So I think everybody had thriving TV careers after this.
  The one that I like the most is the director of at least the first year,  Ron Demore, just directed a ton of he directed like some of the Disney parades  that we like and SAG Awards and whatever.
  But he also directed a very important special called Come Together,  a night for John Lennon's words and music.
  So he took his experience doing live direction of monsters  performing songs and applied it to Kevin Spacey's immortal  performance of my games.
  That's my favorite of the lineup.
  I will never I like mash.
  I I just need to go back to those.
  Yeah, I can't go that long without a hit of mind games.
  It's the height of comedy for you.
  You should just say when he jumps, he does this.
  He's so sad about 9-11.
  He has to do a jump.
  There's no can you think of a written sketch or a written piece of comedy  like more than watching Kevin Spacey do mine?  No, I don't think so.
  No, it's so funny to me.
  I don't think that's what I would do.
  Yeah.
 I mean, well, that it's but it's also tied with the one  where he misses the basket at the British Sports Award where Tony Hawk glares at him.
  Oh, boy.
 But here I am getting we look we did a whole episode about that.
  And I don't want to I don't know if I'm ready for a shot yet.
  Anything else we want to call out or just general appreciation for this special?  Yeah, I just I mean, again, I'm trying to become a little horror boy.
  I'll help you if you need to.
  I have taught the easy way and how we find that so much of this is so similar  to all the stuff we like this kids, the nerdy comic stuff and the lore  and so much garbage.
  But it's yeah, finding out that it's silly and fun and cheeky,  I think is a good end instead of just a brutal assault.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, that's I wish I'd been informed that a little like  the Final Destination movies are so fun  and the silliest movies.
  Right.
 Yes.
 They're clearly just gleefully having fun.
  If you had to give just one a gruesome  the severed thumb up, it is what's what's the top final destination?  Do that first one first one.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 Love them all.
  But yeah, the first one is it's a solid movie.
 Great.
  That's cool.
  Can I say real quick, I would like to induct Andrew Grissom  for bringing us together to do this podcast.
 Wow.
  Into the PTR Horror Hall of Fame.
  Not the legend.
  Not the legend yet.
  But I do.
  The haunt cast, the Fright.
  He's in the haunt cast, the Fright Hall.
  The fresh, the new.
  Yes, this is you're the first inductor inductee into this.
  Andrew Grissom.
  Wow.
 So you're the wait, who was the first?  You are the equivalent of the exorcist.
  Oh, boy.
  That's as crucial as you are to the formation of the show.
  And I have a statue for you.
  Oh, boy.
  And I want to say courtesy of Brian Marriottie.
  The COO of Funko.
  Our newest guy.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Did I call her Electra?  Elvira Funko pop.
  Wow.
  In her sparkly dress.
  Oh.
  And Andrew can even speak to the fact that I've I've toy  pilled him in the last couple of years.
  Successfully got me to like toys a little bit.
  He got obsessed.
  But I did.
  There was, I think, two months ago, I was at Target  just getting, I think, batteries.
  Then I went down the toilet aisle and was like, I do want that toy.
  I guess I'll buy it right now.
  And then I texted Mike.
  I was like, you did it.
  You got into my head.
  I got him a NECA Kong and a NECA Godzilla a couple of years ago.
  Oh, and you're like, these are my friends now.
  Yeah.
 You got me in.
  Yeah, that's great.
  Well, that's very exciting.
  You won the the haunt cast the Fright Ruby Elvira.
  That's the official.
  We're now committed to having to give that to anyone who also gets this.
  Gosh, I got to buy a couple more.
  This is great.
 She's got a little heart.
  And you didn't even have to be the grandson of a long dead.
  Of no one in particular.
  Yeah.
 You're someone's grandson.
  Probably.
  Probably four people.
  Yeah.
  People.
 Yes.
  And it's good you're the first one because you get the nice Elvira one.
  Michael be like scrounging for like a fourth tier.
  His dark materials, Funko, for the next inductee.
  True.
  I know I'll talk to Brian about it and please.
  Brian Marriott.
  Marriott.
 Yeah.
  Let him know.
 I appreciate it.
  OK.
  This was just an unrelated thing.
  I know we're wrapping up.
  It's related to the podcast.
  There were just two things from past episodes to connect on.
  Perfect.
 OK.
  I think a while ago, you all did a  scary rides and movies and you ranked them.
  Or does that sound familiar?  Clifford one.
  Oh, just fake theme.
  Fake theme park.
  Yeah, competition for 50.
  There's a fake theme park in 1999.
  It's House on Hotted Hill with Jeffrey Rush.
  Great plays and an eccentric amusement park owner named Stephen Price.
  And it's all filmed in Universal Florida.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
  A little bit, but it wasn't mentioned.
  I don't really like the movie that much, but I think the idea of the stuff there.
  So in case you ever do a part two, I think there's more theme parks to mind from.
  But that one is truly insane because his whole mindset is  I want to make a scary theme park.
  It's only scary.
 Nothing is not scary.
  OK.
 You think it would have been weird beaten the Clifford dinosaur park?  I don't think so, but I just think it would be it would be a contender for you all to.
  OK, I can tell you what happens, but I also think if you watch  the opening scene of the movie and then turn it off after they never go back to a theme park.
  OK, that's OK.
  And then one other thing I wanted to ask is in the Alfred Hitchcock episode,  did you all talk about Steven Spielberg?  Taking over the the office, their interaction?  No, no.
 OK, so this is the thing I want to read.
  And I have my notes.
  You can listen to that.
  That's it.
 We didn't add those in.
  So Steven Spielberg  snuck onto the set of Family Plot, his final film.
  Uh huh.
 I think no frenzy.
  No, finally, plot was less.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, seems Spielberg snuck onto the set  and Hitchcock, quote, was upset by an uninvited young man  hovering around the set and wanted him gone.
  And Spielberg, all he wanted to do was meet Alfred Hitchcock.
  And then there's this Bruce Dern biography from a couple of years ago  where he talks about being on Family Plot.
  And he said he remembered that moment and saying, like,  I know Steven Spielberg, he's this young kid.
  All he just wants to meet you so badly.
  Why don't you let him meet you?  And then Alfred Hitchcock says, and I won't do the voice,  but just this quote from Bruce Dern is the best.
  Isn't that the boy who made the fish movie?  I could never sit down and talk to him because I look at him  and feel like such a whore.
  Because I'm the voice of the ride at Universal Studios theme park.
  They paid me a million dollars and I took it and I did it.
  I'm such a whore.
  I can't sit down and talk to the boy who did the fish movie.
  I couldn't even touch his hand.
  So he wasn't if the story is to be believed, he wasn't  snubbing him out of like lack of respect.
  It was you just reinvented cinema blockbusters  and I just like cashed out and feel like a whore.
  And how could you even look up to me?  I'm like I'm nothing but a goof now.
  The clip that we showed where he's flying around, he's this in this  on the I'm the six million dollar man.
  That's what's in is I'm nothing but the six million dollar whore  to Mr.
 Fish isn't that the boy who made the fish movie?  I could never sit down and talk to him because I look at him  and feel like such a whore.
  Have we talked about this before?  I've heard this story.
  Yeah, we said this or somebody might have alerted us to it.
  It's been circulating, but I was I don't remember it being spoken.
  Anyway, I don't think so.
  Should we all do a shot of that?  Just in case is that well, I want to do it.
  At least it doesn't have to be a shot.
  I just wanted us to taste Crystal Head Vodka together.
  Oh, that's nice.
  I believe none of us give Jason a little orange juice and Crystal Head  so he doesn't feel like he's going to go loopy.
  Oh, that's a great.
  Well, here we shouldn't make you do part or us.
  Yeah, don't bartend because you've been a great guest for a few hours.
  You brought you made our show.
  You brought Mike and I together and then it helped the show to happen.
  And you you have your Ruby Elvira to thank you for it.
  And then so let's not let's not bartend.
  Let us in fact say,  Andrew Grissom, you survived to haunt cast the fright and came out of it  in the Hall of Fame.
  Let's exit through the there's no scary gift shop, is there?  Let's exit through the I don't know, the fucking scary gift shop.
  I don't fucking know.
  Yeah, the Halloween tribute store.
  Let's exit through the Halloween tribute store.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  I don't know the answer to that.
  No, I'm just kind of living my life, doing my thing.
  I'll promote past things like Moonbeam City, which is on Paramount Plus.
  The writer's assistant of movie city.
  And you were so much a part of that show.
  Watch a lot of lawnmower man.
  Watch the whole is a big lawnmower man tribute episodes.
  So yeah, well, that and like it's a lot of disclosure to  all my parents stuff.
  Yeah, no, I've I'm very lucky to have worked with you on multiple projects.
  Scott and where I feel like I'm cheating the system by making a living off of them  by having so much fun.
  Oh, man.
 I feel the same way.
  I know.
 I when it's lined up that way and then like in Andrew's at work.
  This is insane.
  Saturday morning, all star hits on Netflix.
  Yes, please check it out.
  Our watch for the first time.
  Watch it again.
  The most fun I've ever had working on something.
  This terrific time.
  The funnier, die short film Zero Gravity Gulch.
  Oh, hey, I'm the coaster chief.
  Comes up once in a while.
  But the thing that I made, if you're a newer listener that I or you never saw it,  it's on my YouTube channel now, I think the or maybe it's on Friday.
  I made a pre ride video with Patrick Warburton, who's really in Soren.
  And I put you to I made you take your shirt off.
  Yeah.
 If you want to see me shirtless from a decade ago,  that was a lot of it.
  We should say you're in a video with Jay Leno.
  That might be five times.
  Oh, yes.
  Oh, that's probably why you've yeah, you may have come up  for that reason before that you're in the denim car video.
  You shared screen time with Jay Leno, which we're you know, we should all  we're all just touching your boot to you did that one day.
  And then I'm not affiliated with these.
  Can I just promote podcasts that I like?  Absolutely.
 Sure.
 Wow.
  I really like Gorley and Rust.
  I've been listening to that all this year.
  That's sort of what got me into Chucky and to rewatch.
  Oh, yes.
 Oh, sure.
 Hey, great.
  So they're both awesome on our show.
  So, yeah, both guys check.
 Yeah, of course.
  Yeah, sloppy boys makes me laugh a comfortable show.
  Funny guys that are just having a blast.
 Yes.
  They were what would they think of your this little  how they rate the warm crystal  head vodka with maybe a splash of Donald of warm Donald Donald Duck juice.
  I think they'd rank it as oh, we kind of liked it.
  The name of this drink held me out here.
  It's got to be we know what the word for done with Donald that we said,  but then you got to combine acroid with it.
  Is it like the cheap brother?  I was going to say scream driver instead of screwdriver.
  Oh, seat driver seat driver.
  But how do you represent?  Well, he isn't driving this.
 That's true.
  But what's the you know, the the the the seat buster?  It's the seat buster.
 Buster is good.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Disturbing because it sounds like you're going to shut it out.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Your seat's going to bust.
  But I'm pretty sure if you talk to that, it's like that's one of the distilled  spirits where you won't have any hangover.
  There's no after defects.
  I mean, you can drink it straight.
 It's very smooth.
  Don't mix it with Donald juice, I promise.
  He'd probably be horrified at like the corn syrup orange juice.
  I mean, sir, doesn't a mixer.
  I have a lot of respect for Donald Duck and his filmography,  but I don't want him anywhere near my crystal head.
  But pure spirit.
  Anything else to shout out?  But it's been an episode full of gruesome thumbs ups and.
  Yeah, I guess just if you go back or listen to the episode all over again,  listen to my recommends, watch these movies.
  It's the season.
  Hope everyone has a nice Halloween time.
  Oh, boy.
 Spooky times.
  You're being as kind as you are as a friend.
  And truly, that's the things you listed and other things you might not even know  about if you've enjoyed any of the filmed materials with the name  Scott Gardner on them, probably Andrew Grissom's either been part of it or  some of it helped encourage helping out.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Or I talked shit to you about ones you weren't part of.
  Oh, yeah.
  And complicated.
 Oh, it's complicated.
  Oh, yeah.
 You really made it.
  Yeah.
 If you're a Craig Healy fan, this is the guy.
  You're going to happen without you.
  Hey, as for us, thanks for subscribing to the cemetery gate.
  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our new Patreon tier  Crypt 3, where you get one more bonus episode every month  than our regular episodes ad free.
  And then our weight, I collected a couple of gruesome thumbs ups  ourselves first Friday the 13th because they speak weird.
  Donald Pleasance, Colombo, where he's a 70s.
  You know, there's a lot of homework.
  He's a weird 70s wine guy.
  The little scene, New Zealand movie Housebound from the director of Megan.
  And mostly big man's brew, big man's brew.
  If you live in a place where you can get big man's brew, get big man's brew.
  And most of all, if you want to be inspired  and have a great chapter in your life, make sure you look up  Frank Marshall's presence, which may or may not have had a speech  attached, probably did not have a speech attached.
  Look up a photo, a photo of Frank Marshall.
  That's all you need at the Jurassic World ride.
  His presence premiere.
  That'll do it.
  Well, cool.
  Nothing else to say.
 Let's drink some skull juice.
