 ["The Friar's Theme from The Cemetery Gate"]  Welcome to Hauntcast, The Fright, The Cemetery Gate, where today true fears are faced.
  Quite genuinely, I think I will prove, a good boy, a scared boy will face some fears, and we'll see if we come out the other end.
  I am that scared good boy, Scott Grave Digner, and we're talking about a fear that has manifested for me for many, many years, which is scary trees, animatronic trees, talking trees.
  We'll get into the ins and outs of it, but that's what we're doing, and I have some help today from Jason Skeleton.
  Hi, I'm excited to tackle this topic.
 You were very passionate when you brought it to the table, and you did briefly second-guess yourself, but I was like, no, I think you know that this is a thing we should address.
  Just how, and how many samples, like, without breathing, like, without taking a breath, you were able to produce?  Oh yeah, well, I've been thinking about it for a while, because this is, it's one of those things, it's a thing that I think I need to hammer out.
  This is the forum and the way to do it, with like, how many, with several thousand therapists, I guess, listening, which thank you all for being here, but the main ones being Jason Skeleton and Michael Madsen.
  Okay, so I'm going to try to do it how I think it should be said again.
 I've said this before, I'm not saying you did it wrong, but I think from now on, I would appreciate if Michael Madsen was saying, Michael Madsen.
  That's right, yeah, yeah.
  So just a real ramp up.
  I'm so, like, jamming to the point.
  It's okay, I know when you're-  I forgot to give it the color it needs.
  Jason, could you try it for me?  Michael Madsen.
  That's Don Pardo.
  Yeah, we're hovering right on Don Pardo.
  Michael Madsen.
  Okay, I like that reading.
  He never hosted, so we never got to hear Don Pardo say the name.
  That's a good point.
  I didn't get to host her on Halloween time.
  I hosted other during the regular seasons, but would it be funny if I hosted like three or four times? You didn't know?  No, I missed those, weird.
 I just wasn't watching.
  I was, I was, I was 96.
 I was 12.
 Musical guest, Delamitri.
  Did they get a second song or did they just do the-  No, just the one from the Flipper movie.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 If you only had the one, then that's all you'd do.
  Good song, though.
  I do like that song, yes.
  Roll to Me.
  Roll to Me, yeah.
 No, I've put on Roll to Me before.
  Before we get into that, though, there is something to address from a previous haunt cast, The Fright.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Michael Madsen, accurate, because you got mad at us last week.
  Yes.
  And I think we have, we've done a little bit of further research and we have to go over this a little bit.
  Yeah.
  We're going to get, we're going to go back into Frank Marshall Gate here.
  Yeah.
  Last week, if you didn't hear the episode, we talked about this horror award show, basically, where the recipient the first year was the director of arachnophobia, Frank Marshall.
  But you might know Frank Marshall's name better on this podcast as being a good friend of Jimmy Buffett.
  Yeah.
  And as such, he is mentioned on the show all the time.
  Often, yeah.
  Yes.
  Often, yeah.
  So this was a big moment to get into Frank Marshall and where Michael Madsen took the conversation was the time that we all went to the premiere of the Jurassic World ride.
  And you got, I went back and re-listened to it, you raised your voice.
  Yeah.
  And you got animated and upset.
  Yes.
  Because we didn't remember that we saw Frank Marshall speak.
  Yes.
  At this event.
  Now, within the episode, you caught yourself.
  Yeah.
  And realized that it was very possible that this was not Frank Marshall speaking.
  He was there, but that there was another similar looking old man.
  He is similar looking.
  I will, you have to give me that at least.
  I mean, in the broad sense.
  In the broad sense.
  They are old and they are white.
  I think there's different levels of hair receding.
  But, you know, you did catch yourself, you did apologize.
  But later that day, I was like, well, let me figure this out completely.
  And who that was, who gave a speech at this event was Ron Meyer.
  Yeah.
  Who is a longtime Universal executive.
  I didn't realize he left the company.
  He left in 2020.
  An executive from 85.
  Right.
  A year after we were there.
  He left the company.
  Good Lord.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Major career there.
  One of the founders of CAA, apparently.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  This guy's a huge, huge, huge big wig.
  Hey, you know, he maybe deserves, there's an alternate universe where we're like, well,  you didn't see, you don't remember Ron Meyer, one of the founders of CAA speaking.
  I believe kind of instrumental, like in the early days of the Universal theme parks or.
  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  Maybe he was like rubber stamping stuff or was somewhere in the background.
  Okay, sure.
  I also, I believe also a mediator during the Conan Leno Tonight Show debacle.
  Oh, wow.
  Which we need not go back into.
  Not yet.
  Yeah.
  I guess.
  Yeah.
  We haven't, actually, we really, we talked about the previous Leno debacle.
  But I bring it up to say.
  Yeah.
  I mean, look, you did, of course you caught it.
  You caught it.
  That's true.
  It just, what I think was so strange was the, the emotion, the raw emotion that you had  for us not remembering.
  This, this seemed like a huge moment for you.
  You were, you were astounded that we did not remember this.
  But then as it turned out, you did not remember it correctly.
  I did not remember.
  Yes, you're right.
  I got, look, I got worked up.
  Anytime Frank Marshall, Jimmy Buffett's good friend comes up, I get excited.
  And I do remember the feeling of there's Frank Marshall.
  He's there.
  Because obviously we saw Pratt was there.
  Bryce Dallas Hart, Frank Marshall, all on the stage together.
  Travarro all on the stage together.
  So I was for sure very excited that Frank Marshall was there.
  There's no way that wasn't the case.
  I think you might be the only person in attendance who would put Frank Marshall on the same plane as Chris Pratt.
  I would rather not, actually truly nothing against any of the actors or director of Jurassic World.
  You nearly forgot to mention the director was there.
  Yeah, right.
 Sure.
  But I would rather talk to Frank Marshall.
  We all know how we feel about the director.
  Well, sure, sure.
  We wanted to get on the boat with him for sure.
  Yeah, yeah, we wanted to be on the boat.
  But yes, Frank Marshall, I was so excited.
  I would be more excited about talking to him about just the island lifestyle, just about island life.
  Just about island time in general and talking to him about Jimmy Buffett.
  Nobody talked to it.
  Were you doing that calculation?  Were you like, this is our chance?  He wasn't hanging out though.
  He was just, he popped up on stage with everybody because I watched the video as well and I went, oh God, he was just standing on stage.
  And that's where the feeling came from.
  So really, I think what this is about is that I'm so stimulated by Frank Marshall being in my presence.
  You are stimulated by Frank Marshall.
  It felt so like, oh my God, Frank Marshall's there.
  And I conflated these two things in my head that Frank was speaking.
  You gave him a speech.
  In a way, he was speaking to me just by being there.
  Just his presence.
  Let me do a little minute by minute of this too because there was a lot going on.
  Okay, first things first, Frank Marshall, the giddiness before his name is even said.
  If you go back and listen, it's a lot of like, do you want to say it?  No, I want to say it.
  No, do you want to say it?  There's so much.
  You guys are both bubbling.
  He loves Frank Marshall too.
  I do like Frank Marshall.
  Let's calibrate your Frank Marshall feelings.
  I like Frank Marshall.
  I was very excited when they just, I think they brought him on stage as the director of Arachnophobia.
  Yeah, he accepted an award at this thing we covered last week.
  At the Horror Hall of Fame.
  And I was like, wait a minute, didn't Frank Marshall direct Arachnophobia?  And then here he comes and he's got like a wild.
  The 90s Buffett hair.
  90s Buffett hair.
  I think, was he wearing like a t-shirt with a blazer over it?  Like a black blazer or something?  Possibly, yes.
  But, and then of course the joke is that Big Bob the spider lowers down from the ceiling and picks up the award and raises it back up.
  But so I was, I was excited to say, I think we were new in our infatuation with Frank Marshall.
  He looks like Jimmy Buffett.
  He has the look of Buffett in like the fruitcakes video.
  He's got kind of the mullet.
  Let me ask this.
  Through what media are we supposed to know that Frank Marshall is Jimmy Buffett's best friend?  Why does everyone, why do you know?  The media we're making.
  The media we're spitting.
  Why do I know this?  Because of us.
  I know it from you talking, but how do you, how are, more importantly, how do you know it?  I've known it for a long time and I'm trying to remember where it first pops up because it dates back to before the podcast when we had put the list of streets together for the Margarita Village or whatever it's called.
  Because I put like Marshall Lane and I made sure to let them know that this was named after Jimmy Buffett's good friend, Frank Marshall.
  Well, I think profiles in newspapers or magazines of either one usually mentions, oh, and here's an interesting fact.
  Their friend is so-and-so.
  And you're reading a profile of Frank Marshall?  I'm just trying to remember where, I actually don't know where I first learned this, but he produced the musical and the escape to Margaritaville.
  But then when you go back, you realize they've been friends forever.
  They've been friends for 20, 25 years.
  And I think it also is, it's, it is, it is in a similar way.
  Like when Jason and I would read comics or something and you would learn, like you'd learn about like a new character and then you go, oh, wow, the characters have been around for 20 years.
  Here's what they've done.
  It's like that, except instead of a man with superpowers.
  It's a guy who like makes phone calls in an office all day.
  Well, his superpower is getting these movies made.
  Similarly, along the same track, running parallel to these train tracks.
  I saw a clip this week from the Drew Barrymore show had George Clooney on.
  And they were very chummy, you know, they're old friends.
  They've worked together before and they told a story about they were, they went out one night when they were shooting Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.
  And Drew Barrymore had just gotten divorced and was letting loose a little and got drunk and made out.
  They kept saying, and you made out with, I made out with your best friend, George.
  And I was like, oh my God, did Drew Barrymore make out with Randy Gerber?  And it's like, no, not the case.
  She made out with his close friend and hairstylist, Waldo Sanchez.
  We have new Clooney Waldo friends? Did Waldo get a briefcase?  Waldo Sanchez? Did Waldo get a briefcase with a full of a million dollars?  I don't know, but I learned about a new guy.
  They just started talking about Waldo.
  And then there's, you know, this is the Daily Mail and Yahoo News was like, here is the person they are talking about.
  This is great.
 I'm so happy Waldo entered the chat.
  So Mike, when you go home in between bottle feeding your two month old.
  Trying to know about Waldo Sanchez.
  In between holding your beloved child and you got your phone going in the other hand.
  See what you can find out about Waldo.
  If he got the million dollar, I wonder if he got the million dollar briefcase.
  I bet he did.
  Was it only investors or was it just people they knew?  Yeah, he's one of them.
  His buddies.
 Yeah, Waldo Sanchez got a briefcase full of a million dollars.
  All right.
  Wow.
 He got the magic.
  We're talking about one.
  We're in the tide of one never always told story and then I got pulled into another.
  But you heard the excitement Jason and I had with Waldo Sanchez.
  The orbit of guys.
  Now say Waldo Sanchez.
  All of a sudden you learn he produced like Indiana Jones.
  You'd be like, well, Waldo Sanchez, isn't this fun?  Yeah.
 Yes.
  This is fun.
 I guess so.
  Here's what let me keep doing the minute by minute.
  You're both like you're erupting with excitement before you even said his name.
  But Jason, having said that you're kind of a Frank Marshall guy, you quickly move on.
  We're talking about, oh yeah, he did direct a couple of movies.
  And then Jason says, well, speaking of directors, and then you talk about something else involving directors.
  Yeah.
 Mike does not stand for this.
  You turn the ship around.
  You are.
 Everybody goes flying to the side.
  You were like, no, no, no.
  Frank Marshall has come up.
  We are talking about the Jurassic World thing.
  So you like you throw us back into it.
  And that was a mistake on my part.
  That was an error.
  Thank you so much for being there.
  That was a fielding error on my part.
  Thank you for acknowledging that.
  I misread your vibes.
  And I thought it was time to move on.
  I think you might have caused the voice to be raised.
  I appreciate that.
  I think that put Mike into an agitated state.
  That's not the first time that's happened in my life.
  See, this is I appreciate that, Jason.
  And I think you just got I think you're correct.
  I think I felt like my volume was going to be the thing to get people back on track here with what we needed to talk about.
  You needed to just corral the energy and get it back.
  And that got me overexcited.
  And that got me my brain firing and conflating memories.
  You're also you're all over the place because you raise your voice to say you don't remember him speaking.
  But right before that, you get very inward and you say and friend,  Frank Marshall, who's the producer, Jimmy West, and Frank Marshall, Frank Marshall spoke there.
  And you say it so solemnly.
  It reminded me of something you would say about Christ.
  Like and Jesus went and lo, he spoke there.
  He spoke to them and the word was good.
  He produced some of the greatest movies of all time.
  So, you know, in a way, he did hoot.
  He did the BFG.
  We're talking.
  Did the BFG.
  This is what I was what I wanted to get at was like the like, look, at the end of the day, Jimmy Buffett is your thing.
  Right.
 And it crosses over with Jason.
  It does.
  You go pretty deep into it.
  But Frank Marshall is a deep spire within yours.
  It's a thing within your thing.
  Yeah.
 The idea that even if he had spoken, the idea that we're supposed to recognize this man.
  Well, remember, which and by the way, even if he gave the exact speech that Ron Meyer gave, I looked that up and the speech was like, oh, I never could have imagined the positive success of this franchise and this adventure.
  Sixty five million years in the making.
  And we thank our partners for the dullest thing.
  But for this show, where we talk about Frank Marshall a lot in my head, when I think, oh, Frank Marshall spoke, I was like, how could we not remember that he was there doing like it was shocking to me.
  It was shocking to me that it wouldn't be something you would remember because of the time many times Frank Marshall.
  So even though I was incorrect about the speaking, I was incredulous that you wouldn't remember that because of Frank Marshall being one of the top 10 characters on this show.
  But the thing is, though, like Jason, OK, you remembered him being there at all.
  Right.
 I remember you didn't even remember him being there.
  And that was shocking to that got me even more fired up.
  You're still fired up.
  You don't remember him being there.
  You're taking this even though you were wrong about the speaking.
  I'm getting upset again.
  We don't remember a guy being a little confused that that wouldn't be.
  I don't think I don't think we generally had good vantage point.
  That's true.
  We did not stage and I automatically have like a foot less than most people at seeing a stage.
  We have to go back into the photos and see where there was there anything blocking.
  Here's but here's look, it's also this.
  It's been this was three years ago.
  That's true.
  It wasn't just any three years ago.
  Most.
  Yeah.
  The most insane three years of any of our lives.
  Both of us had children.
  All of our lives have been re re atomized and put back together in a bizarre shape.
  And somehow with all of that going with like the country almost ended, it still might.
  It's still possible.
  One of the things that we are supposed to have retained in that three years was a silent.
  Well, first of all, was a speaking Frank Marshall, which even you were wrong about.
  Yes.
  But also just Frank Marshall standing somewhere.
  Somebody who and this is what my point is.
  Yeah.
  Jimmy Buffett is your thing.
  Yeah.
  Frank Marshall is so deep within your thing.
  It's not my thing.
  Jason, I understand putting a little blame on because he's asserted he's a bit of a Marshall head.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I've maybe seen a photo of this man twice.
  Well, I don't know what he is.
  I think you're you're, you know, three years recombobulating our minds and lives and stuff.
  I think that is both an endorsement for me forgetting and Mike getting remembering.
  I think it simultaneously answers both those questions.
  You're saying I've been hanging on to you were hanging on.
  It was just a light.
  It was a bright moment.
  And you were clinging to like one day, one day things will be back to normal and I'll see Frank Marshall from the  briefly on his stage with five executives and then leave a glorious moment, which then you equated with firework.
  That was the best of it was turning to do you remember the fireworks?  Yes.
 I remember when the sky exploded with light and color and sound.
  I went back and watched it.
  That was a spectacular fire.
  A lot of fireworks.
  It was so high in the air.
  It startled everyone, including Frank.
  Yeah.
  Bryce jumped out of her big clacky heels.
  It was an incredible fireworks display.
  And somehow that is equals the producer of the the US dub of Ponyo standing somewhere and not speaking.
  The producer of War Horse.
  Mr.
 War Horse himself was on stage standing there because he didn't have anything to do that night.
  He had nothing else to do.
  So he was over there because it was close to his house.
  I bet.
  Wait, I guess.
  So you're where you've landed after this relitigation is you don't regret the being mistaken about the speech because in your mind he did speak.
  Well, he doesn't need to.
  He doesn't need to say anything again.
  I look I like to be correct.
  So I am I'm regretful of not being right that he spoke.
  I do.
  I don't like that.
  I was wrong about that.
  At least I caught it fast dish.
  But the feeling would have been the same whether he spoke for 30 minutes or he just popped up on stage.
  We are in the same space.
  We are within 100 feet of Frank Marshall.
  And I'm so excited about it.
  It wouldn't.
  It would not have mattered.
  The only thing that would have been different is if I if he was wandering around in the area where we were and we got to speak with him.
  That would be the only thing that would have made it even more exciting.
  And if we got to speak to him and he spoke to us and he blessed us that day.
  And if you were.
  Yeah.
  I would ask him I would he would dip his fingers in my my tropical cocktail of some kind and he would bless me with the with the pineapple and rum.
  If so you'd be excited that the producer of the BFG walked up to you at a party and put his fingers in your in your beverage.
  Oh my God.
  I would be thrilled.
  And then and then wiped it on you.
  Oh my God.
  I'm realizing there's a story that I was told now and I think I can say it and I'm going to say it and then double check to make sure this is this is related to Randy Gerber.
  But I have to tell this story.
  I have to tell the story.
  Now this is going to be its own episode I guess.
  They're OK.
  Just break this off.
  It's possible.
  It's possible.
  So let me tell I'll tell the story real quick because I have not told you guys I cannot believe it because I think I've been sitting on this for a few weeks now.
  A friend of mine was at the Hollywood Bowl.
  He was with some friends.
  He had a bottle of Casamigos tequila.
  And they were splitting it among the friends.
  And a gentleman walks over to them and says hey that's like some good tequila or whatever makes a mention of it.
  I'm one of the owners the original creators of Casamigos tequila.
  We're talking about the third mystery man.
  Michael is it Melman or something.
  I know what is it.
  What's the guy's name.
  I think that's someone else.
  We got to look this up now.
  What's wrong that you don't have this at the at the ready.
  There's this.
  Well Randy's kind of a star.
  Michael Melman.
  Michael Melman.
  Michael Melman.
  Michael Melman.
  Meldman.
  Meldman.
  Meldman.
  Michael Melman.
  Michael Melman.
  A different guy.
  So he's he's talking to these friend of mine and his friends and they're very excited especially my friend who listens to the show and knows about is deeply invested in the Gerber lore and all that.
  So he says to Michael he says I have a friend who is so into Casamigos.
  Can I take a photo with you.
  And Michael says no.
  Perfect.
  And now the craziest part happens because that's great.
  That's by itself great.
  Yeah.
  That he came over and introduced himself because he saw the bottle.
  That's insane as well.
  That he feels that level of pride.
  That he wants to make sure people know that he was involved.
  Yeah.
  So he leaves and then a couple minutes comes back over with an empty glass and goes hey top me off.
  Whoa.
  And asks them to give them some of their Casamigos after refusing them after refusing the photo then wants free Casamigos from them because he was involved.
  So they were like I guess so and gave him some which is insane.
  So good though.
  What a better what a better interaction though.
  Yeah.
  He gave you a lot like this this little like interactive Casamigos guy experience.
  I feel like the you know vibe of an outdoor concert venue and stuff.
  Someone walks by with a glass and you have a bottle goes hey man top me off.
  I feel like it's just customary.
  It's just courtesy to go like sure.
  Oh yeah I'll pour you a slug.
  OK.
  But this very very rich man.
  You somebody walks up to you at a concert you start giving your liquor away.
  I like if I have a full bottle of liquor.
  Yeah I think so.
  I'm curious to see this play out.
  It's like if you have a joint and like yes someone offers you one or you offer that to that now maybe not now post covid.
  I think it's just customary.
  It all depends.
  I think he should have said top me off and then handed him a 20 because he's likely a very rich man.
  He's 100 percent very rich.
  Anyway so I don't I want to deflect.
  I just wanted to say that story because it's so great.
  Yeah.
  Anyway go back to Frank Marshall.
  Should we just end this episode and call it false start and put it out as that own thing.
  Yeah sure.
  Great.
  OK.
 Let's do that.
  Let's for the rhythm of it.
  Well we'll explain the context.
  Yeah.
  So you survived a bunch of fucking Frank Marshall.
  Cosmigos Waldo Sanchez bullshit.
  Or Waldo Sanchez coming soon I guess.
  Coming very soon yes.
  Regrets I guess immediately.
  You shouldn't have opened this box because Jason introduced a new player into the game.
  I've been lax.
  I've had something I wanted to get you and Lindsay for you know a baby gift.
  And I've been a plush Waldo Sanchez.
  We got it.
  I think a toy is making a seven inch Waldo Sanchez toy.
  So I saw a moment where it's like oh I can give him a little something now and that's a new guy.
  Thank you.
  Yeah I appreciate that.
  Are these guys because they aren't evil.
  Well I think this is a different flavor.
  Yeah.
  Because we know guy with a capital G is Nathan Masri.
  Yeah.
  A friend of famous person is different.
  It's a lowercase.
  A little more gentle.
  We'll sort this out.
  OK.
  False start.
  Thanks for surviving that.
  You've probably heard the other one.
  Yeah.
  This makes sense.
  OK.
  Let's just refresh.
  Take a deep breath and we'll do the scary trees.
