 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Alright, you asked for it!  He's fucking out, he's fucking gone!  He's on the fucking street!  My voice cracked, I'm so fucking angry about this!  Donald's fucking pissed too!  Like, you can't understand him, he's.
.
.
  He's very offensive right now!  What do you think, Goofy?  Well, gosh, shapeck, you stupid asshole!  The only person at the Walt Disney Company who's fumbled the bag worse in the last years is Gina Corona!  Goofy doesn't hate anybody, hear me?  You never get that out of him!  The kind dog!  This is welcome to an emergency topical podcast, The Ride, The Second Gate.
  A phrase I almost muted on my account.
  How dare you three listeners say that word to our stuff?  Let me live! Let me have my day, audio!  Tagging every theme park outlet!  Like, emergency is doing some heavy lifting, and he's request.
  I think it's fun! Reew, reew!  Emergency is fun, yeah.
  Let's put a siren at the beginning.
  You hear the reew, reew, that means it's a podcast, The Ride, emergency!  We got, we shot out of bed, we were all sound asleep and realized we needed to get this going.
  Down the fire pole.
  Yeah, and the ambulance is bouncing up and down, and it's got eyes and feet like those old cartoons.
  That's right.
 It's a very fun, funny ambulance.
  It's a funny, it's not a car's ambulance, it's an old, it's like a depression animation.
  Depression era animation.
  The ambulance is happy.
  This is important for you to know as we gear up for this to talk about the recent, and look, we've been tempted to, there's been things that we have not addressed.
  We laid low on Jay Leno's car disaster.
  Well, that's gonna, I have thoughts on that too.
  Okay, good.
 Well, luckily, I think it's easier to talk about now because we know he's generally okay.
  Yes, yes.
  For the most part.
  He just, he came out of the hospital yesterday, right?  Mm-hmm.
  And I would say, if you're gonna, if your head is going to catch on fire, I think that the most important parts of the head seem to be intact.
  Right, the eyes.
  The face, the eyes.
  Yeah.
  If humanity is in the eyes, Jay's eyes are as calming and handsome as ever.
  As Tim Allen said, Tim Allen made a point of saying, I've seen him, he's handsome.
  What did he say?  He's like, he's happy and handsome.
  He's happy and handsome, I think is what he said.
  He said he took them car magazines and treats.
  Really?  Yeah.
  I didn't hear that.
  Yeah.
  So Jason commented on the treat.
  He goes, I want to know what treats you want.
  Maybe I should burn my face up.
  Maybe someone will bring me some free treats.
  Oh, someone's gonna bring me some caramelos and mallocups.
  You've been looking into cars steam pipes like the little rascals.
  Not because there's a treat in there, but because there's a treat if you get your face burned.
  Not because he lost one of his marbles in there.
  Yeah.
  He only plays with his marbles away from the street.
  I show up to recordings with a big black circle around one eye and they're just like, Jason,  God damn it, have you been tail piping again?  Lucky this one's not on video because you look a fool.
  No, that one doesn't need to be a dread, but this is crazy and huge because Bob is in the  Bob is in and Bob is out.
  Shaypeck, the rain is over.
  The reign of terror is over and Eiger returns to CEO.
  It feels like not actually it's kind of a perfect pandemic buttoning because I remember  the day that Shaypeck got announced.
  We were all spread out.
  Jason was in Vegas.
  I was in Ontario Mills.
  We all made videos wherever we were.
  And it was a long time ago, but not that long ago.
  This all began and now we got to hop to it and address the end of the Shaypeck run and  what a run.
  Yeah.
  Well, and I guess we should address because the way since that came up, did we all encounter  the conspiracy theory that this was the plan all along that Shaypeck was the fall guy.
  Yes.
  This is what I've said.
  Have I said it on mic or have I said it off mic?  I think so.
  Yeah, because this is what I was saying early is that rich people get all the information  first.
  Yeah.
  But also Shanghai Disney had closed.
  Shanghai Disney had been closed for a month.
  So it's yes.
  We all knew.
  We everyone knew about COVID being out there.
  It was just a matter of.
  Yeah.
  It was for so long we all felt like, but it couldn't happen here.
  How could it?  I mean, to imagine one scenario where it would take like somebody fly.
  I don't think anyone flies from China to the US.
  I think we'll be fine.
  No.
  But rich people do get a dossier.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  But the Walt Disney Company also in addition to Shanghai is a big enough corporate monstrosity  that like a couple of years ago they're like, we're hiring a new lead intelligence director.
  And it was like, whoa, what?  What's up?  The Disney company has their own CIA.
  Yeah.
  The Disney company has like intelligence basically.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, there's a lot of.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  So why was this is a theory I had.
  Now it did not play out like I thought it would, but it is similar.
  But the theory was that the shit's going to hit the fan.
  There's a virus that's going to shut down our theme parks, which is a big part of our  money making.
  It's going to sink the company for a while.
  I'm Bob Iger.
  I don't want to take the heat for this.
  This is going to be rough.
  But he also has not wanted to leave for a long time.
  Like he was being pressured into his succession plan that was not terribly coming together.
  Right.
  And he's pushed his retirement four times previous to this.
  Yes.
  Now perfect.
  Like, but it's maybe I would like to leave now, but it's perfect because yes, he doesn't  have to weather the storm of badness.
  Now he said he was going to stick around, but it felt like well, Chaypec is going to  take the heat and I'm going to look like the conquering hero once we get out of this pandemic.
  But he did leave, leave officially quote unquote.
  But I guess not last year.
  Still not.
  He wasn't really gone.
  He has not been really gone for very long.
  Right.
  There's articles that say he's been really gone, but obviously he was not really gone.
  He was still like living inside the house.
  That's kind of well, he had his little interim.
  He had his Jay Leno show.
  Well, that's the bringing in Jay.
  We have to talk about for this too.
  I saw what he was up to when he was gone was I think he's on the board of like a investment  firm.
  He was sailing his yacht along the nose.
  He invested in Funko.
  I want to remind everyone.
  He gave Brian Mariati some money.
  And then he had been taking meetings with Brian Glazer about adapting a book about.
  Grazer?  Grazer?  Grazer.
  Grazer.
  Yeah.
  About adapting a book on the war in the Pacific.
  I saw that as well.
  I saw that he has maybe not been as satisfied by his retirement because he has not gotten  to spend ample time with his wife who I always forget is NBA Inside Stuff host Willow Bay.
  What?  Yeah.
  Do you know that?  I didn't know that.
  Yeah.
  I remember like Saturday morning sports show growing up and like a pleasant, pleasant woman.
  He loves the NBA.
  I remember somewhere it said that when Obama met the two of them that he was sort of shook  hands with Iger but then was like Willow Bay.
  NBA Inside Stuff.
  That was mainly where he wanted to.
  Wow.
  We got to do a podcast about their relationship.
  We got to learn all about it.
  About Willow Bay?  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Bob and Willow.
  Well, you know, and I learned another fact about Willow Bay.
  Like wait, why aren't they spending time together?  Is there trouble in paradise?  No, no, no.
  She in March signed a new five-year contract because she is the dean of USC's Annenberg  School of Communication and Journal.
  Good Lord.
  Yeah.
  She's a mega couple.
  That's a word.
  Yeah.
  Major USC journalism dean.
  Wow.
  So she is busy.
  And he also maybe has not been, if you can imagine that he has not been satisfied by  his work on the board of Genies Inc.
  Genies Inc.
  I'll explain it.
  I don't know.
  I don't have to.
  But Genies Inc.
 of course is a crypto startup that allows people to create digital avatars.
  Has everybody?  I remember this.
  Have you got boners yet?  That sounds awesome.
  All you need to tell me, digital avatars?  I can't imagine.
  Imagine a forum where you could do that.
  That's got to be worth billions of dollars.
  Two bubble.
  Wow.
  He gets to witness two bubbles burst.
  The metaverse and crypto.
  I've been on the website of Genies Inc.
  It's like here.
  Look at them, by the way.
  I know the listener can't see what you guys are seeing, but this is, these are some fucking  brats ass.
  Like, we use renders.
  This is like digital art from 2004.
  There'd be an unpleasant straight to DVD movie starring these characters.
  He posted one of these when he started investing in this or got involved.
  Of himself.
  I forgot this till this morning.
  Yes.
  There's digital me.
  Genies Inc.
  This sucks.
  Well, hold on.
  Are legs coming?  They got legs coming?  That's where they got the leg up.
  They got the leg up, literally.
  They're on meta.
  The legs have always been there.
  And they also, what Genies Inc.
 has that others don't is that in August, 2022, the company  released its NFT storefront, the warehouse.
  The storefront will be open on Dappers flow blockchain and allows users to download the  Genie studio app to create their own avatars and buy digital fashion items to dress them.
  So Iger wasn't happy doing this.
  This is it.
  It ruled.
  You don't want to be doing something with your life that rules digital.
  How can not only have an avatar, but I can dress.
  I have digital clothes to put my avatar in.
  How do you get in the how?  Where do you like access?  Does it say like, I think, well, the answer was in there.
  It's on Dappers flow blockchain.
  So I don't have the answer of how you find Dappers flow blockchain or what flow is or  what Dapper is.
  I have a limited understanding in this.
  I don't think that's like a server where you can like experience.
  It's not like I don't think that's the place you go to like hang out.
  I don't know.
  It's okay.
  Let's analyze this.
  It's a block.
  There's Dapper and they own it.
  I know what that flow blockchain where you can download an app and a storefront is on  it.
  So there's something if you know how to get there, if you can find it, there's something  to download from there.
  This is very much seems like the thing that like defector got covered with the 76ers signing  up for like we've got a we're a metaverse partner called Color World and it's the players  are going to be in there.
  And then when they looked in when they looked into it, it was like very shady, like they  couldn't find the CEO didn't wasn't clear if they existed.
  And like one of them played the game.
  One of the reporters played the game on Twitch once and it was just them walking around like  I poorly rendered cityscape.
  And then eventually like the 76ers, it was like embarrassing for them because like this  company used to be a concrete company and it's like, what do you know about them?  How did you how did you partner with sports team?  And we should.
  That's what I I want to know what it looks like walking around in this because I believe  I can figure out how to buy the pants, but I don't know how to go to the world and wear  them.
  That's what I'm saying.
  I mean, I believe I can figure out how to wear to buy the pants and the aesthetics.
  It's like Subjet set radio.
  Like it's sub dream work at Dreamcast games.
  Right.
  The Grand Theft Auto online has 10 times the graphical power and customization probably  of outfits.
  I was sorry for something that is supposed to be the future.
  Wouldn't it would make sense if one person in the world could convey to me one thing  that's cool about it?  Like at some point, if something if an industry is worth billions of dollars, doesn't have  to be one evident.
  Well, yeah, there is.
  And it's called Second Life.
  And it's coming up on almost 20 years that people are building things and making a living  making there.
  There's precedent for all of it with video games with Grand Theft Auto.
  I have a closet full of clothes that I've like earned because I've gone on missions  in the game.
  That makes sense to me.
  But it's a game.
  Something's happening.
  What is no one has ever conveyed to me what meta is like when I go there.
  What am I going to like to be doing in there?  I think it all I think there would the idea would be there would be all sorts of things  to do and like an easy way to like chat with people.
  Oh, cool, because I can't do that in regular reality.
  Here's the thing.
  Shadding.
  Here's the thing.
  Some people can't.
  That's that's so that's who I get to meet.
  If I go there, there's people who can't meet anyone.
  Or Chan message board posters.
  Well, the sinister perspective I had heard on the metaverse is like, oh, your boss and  the companies, these massive companies want you in the metaverse so they can watch.
  They can clock your hours like they can.
  Well, that's going to work from home.
  You want to be doing a meeting in a poorly rendered world.
  When the water wars start and we're all inside permanently, you need to go somewhere and  it better be a meta.
  There'll be a different metaverse to go to.
  I don't know that the Bob Iger metaverse is going to be the one that survives.
  Well, not with his torn attention now.
  Yeah.
  What's going to happen in all the Disney fanboys geeking out that Iger's back?  Have you thought about how this will affect Genie's Inc.
  Give it one second and then maybe you won't be won't be celebrating.
  Point Jean Jean.
  It being called Genie's is funny.
  It is very funny.
  His successor fucked up with Genie Plus while he was off doing Genie's Inc.
  The Bob should not be anywhere near Jean Jean.
  That is the lesson of this.
  No, but let's.
  OK.
  Well, there's a couple of issues here.
  And I don't know if you want to stay in Iger or if we go into like because I think there's a question of why Iger and then there's a question of what happened to Chay Peck.
  Like what is this?  Well, the why is that he was good at acquiring companies and running the company.
  And the big hole in his resume is he's not good at finding a successor.
  Yes.
  He has like destroyed the the the bench.
  He's like the Democratic Party.
  There's no bench.
  There's no one to succeed.
  Yeah.
  He will buy.
  He almost got on the bench, though, for that.
  He was flirting with getting on that bench.
  He could still.
  That's true.
  He's he's first of all, guy's in great shape.
  He's 71 years old.
  He looks good.
  He looks great.
  And really fundamentally, fundamentally at the end of the day, for the problem with Chay Peck, he couldn't get it.
  Let's be here.
  Everybody is.
  No, I think now now that he's not you're going to think about this.
  We're a couple of days into him not being CEO.
  You don't owe that beard anything.
  You don't have to pretend.
  I don't think you can admit to yourself that it's not good.
  And he can't get it.
  I think he looked cool.
  I'm not maybe saying like he like was got sexier.
  I'm just saying the beard I think looked good.
  It was a cool look for him.
  I think maybe it was a little harsh for Disney.
  Disney so clean cut.
  So maybe you're right.
  If that's what you're saying, it's too.
  Yeah, this is a company founded on making people get rid of their facial hair.
  So maybe that was the last straw.
  I think that was the last straw for a lot of Disney is about there's one kind of facial hair and it's just a good solid mustache.
  That's what that it all.
  You know, it all started with a mouse, but it also started with a mustache.
  Walt's mustache measuring stick that he used to make sure people's mustaches were in the zone of comfortability for him.
  There are a million year old like theme park fans who are like, the park has not been the same since we haven't had a CEO with a good mustache.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's what you do.
  Those are the type of people you might want.
  They're old, so they won't be in the metaverse.
  But people with interesting opinions, you'll meet in the metaverse.
  No, they're paradise.
  Oh, yeah.
  No, they're in much more horrifying sections of the Internet.
  That's true.
  One of those people.
  It's like, I don't do seed oil.
  And it's like, what the fuck are you?  You're mad about seed oils and you're mad about like french fries cooked in sunflower seed oil.
  Somebody told me that Bill Maher only eats seeds.
  Stop watching.
  Okay, yes.
  Go ahead.
  I'll be done.
  I understand.
  But apparently he only eats seeds.
  He only eats types like types of seeds for every meal.
  I could be wrong, but I got to look into it.
  And yet he does not pass them along.
  He himself is not a seed bearer.
  No, he's not.
  And he seems so happy for a happy seed based diet.
  Satisfied with his life.
  I heard that.
  He loves his seeds and he loves his seedy room.
  Okay.
  Well, all right.
  Let's talk about this.
  Let's talk about it.
  Let's talk about how, unless you have something to say.
  No, no.
  I, I.
  The way that this.
  Sorry, I'm correct.
  Bill Maher lives off an assortment of ground up seeds.
  I believed you.
  You didn't.
  I was right.
  I just wanted to make sure.
  I think that thread was tied in a knot.
  Ever since it was put in a box, a chain was put on the box.
  It was sank like Houdini.
  But then he managed to escape and resurface.
  He's a genius magician.
  I just, ever since Marshall gate, I'm doubting myself.
  Now you need to, we go back and we check these things.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So how this has played out incredibly quickly, because this is, we're recording this just the day before you're hearing it.
  Yeah.
  And basically.
  So what's yes.
  Sunday.
  Sunday afternoon.
  This happens.
  What seems to have been discovered is that the first call made to Eiger officially on this issue was Friday at 3 p.
m.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Susan Arnold, who is the chairwoman, I believe.
  So, so in charge of the board.
  So from just the way this broke.
  It, cause it, cause it was so sudden and so out of nowhere.
  I mean, we all knew something was up, but all I ever saw was like shady petitions kind of.
  We have to get rid of shape back and maybe some of those are because of the splash mountain changing.
  And they thought that never really took it seriously.
  And they voted to keep him months ago.
  Yes.
  Very recently, the contract.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So you thought that was a positive sign.
  But no, all of a sudden out of nowhere, like only a slightly above 48 hours later, we are all hearing about it.
  And when we heard about it, you know, who else heard about it?  Chaypeck himself.
  He got no heads up on this.
  We've had the podcast, the Ride Boys found out when he did.
  Well, it's kind of turn about his fair play, I think, because there were a few instances during his reign.
  The most recent one is right around the time of that contractor renewal when he kind of fired, basically fired in kind of an insulting way that I believe it's Peter Rice, the former head of.
  Television.
  Yeah.
  And entertainment and and, you know, anonymous sources go like, look, everyone liked him.
  He's really respected.
  Usually, if you want someone like that step down, you give them a production deal or you give them a vanity credit or something.
  You don't just kick them out the door.
  Huh?  Yeah.
  Because that's like a valuable commodity.
  So he can kind of write his own check and go in anywhere.
  You know, it's a cutthroat game.
  Cutthroat game.
  These high level executives play maniacs.
  Especially lately.
  There's something like it is.
  But I always do this way.
  But the last couple of years have just been like, I think it's as love and like, I mean, it's a well, no, you long as Elon comes in and just lays in a room.
  I think it's always happened.
  I think it's just we've heard more stuff because like Iger has Iger has sort of like kneecapped people from becoming viable CEO candidates.
  Like your Tom stags.
  Not that he I love whatever.
  But he there's like he's kind of like, you know what?  By the way, we shouldn't let this guy be CEO.
  Yeah.
  So he's done this a couple.
  So this is a weird game that all these people play.
  And this woman who was responsible for talking to Iger, Chaypek was supposedly about to blame all the earning stuff on her.
  Oh, my God.
  That's what I read.
  It seems like he had a tendency to blame stuff on people.
  So it was like kill or be killed.
  So she was like, I ain't dealing with this.
  So she took him out before he took her out.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  This is like Breaking Bad.
  This is like Donald.
  There's only a few players and they're all everybody just jumps into action.
  Yeah.
  Knocks each other off like chess pieces.
  It's pretty it's pretty exciting.
  But the the the reason they he got the contractor know that I read is that OK, he fired this guy and I was like, what the fuck is he doing?  And the boards like that caused a drop in shares and the boards like we have to show we have confidence in this guy.
  Should we give him a one year deal?  Well, that doesn't look great.
  And they compromise on a three year deal and backdated it.
  So it was a little over two years, really.
  The deal.
  So a big deal.
  And everyone who watches this stuff is like that.
  That is kind of like a pocket vote of no confidence.
  Like, so there were members of the board, I guess, who like wanted him gone back in the early summer spring.
  Like, yeah, there's been rumblings of this for a while.
  It came up in June.
  And so some of the someone I'm saying is from The Hollywood Reporter, by the way, and others from The New York Times, just to give forever credit.
  But the in June, there was talk of putting in one of the board members who's the chairman of Nike, Mark Parker, as an interim CEO.
  So Mark Parker was almost a name we had to know about.
  We got a lot of names in the mix.
  There's a lot of names.
  So that so that got flirted with.
  And then, yes, the contract I ran it.
  Let's just kind of like, I don't know, kick the ball for a little bit.
  But then and the biggest question I had when this all of a sudden came to a head like what he's just out.
  But my biggest question was, what was the final straw?  What did it?  And now I think that's become clear, which is the Q4 earnings call.
  Yes.
  This was a disaster.
  All of it was contained in there.
  Not just because they missed analyst expectations for revenue by more than a billion dollars.
  And that sounds bad.
  But on top of that, this almost never happens.
  The categories are revenue and earnings per share.
  And it's unheard of for Disney to miss expectations on both of those things.
  Yeah.
  So that's bad.
  So having to couch that and explain that to the board and to the shareholders, how do you do that?  And he does it with a jolly call about how Disney, quote, makes magical memories that last a lifetime.
  He said just a bunch of the words he tried to hide in the Disney words.
  Make a wish.
  Instead of we're very excited about some of our upcoming dreams.
  And so he so he did that.
  He did it right before Thanksgiving and Christmas.
  He said there's going to be hiring freezes and layoffs.
  But important note, he didn't say that on the call.
  The call was all jolly bullshit.
  And then, all right, so bye, everybody.
  Then in subsequent days.
  Oh, by the way, did I not mention hiring freeze and we're going to fire a lot of people?  See you.
  And people were blindsided.
  People were like, well, how do I spend how do I make television shows if I can't spend money?  You know, another note that I saw.
  And this is just to keep to keep it parks oriented because I don't think parks fueled this.
  I don't think it's in there, but I don't think it's the primary reason for streaming is the big fuck up.
  But this is from The New York Times.
  And I love that this dumb theme park thing that ends up in this story.
  People were shocked by the happy go lucky tone that Mr.
  Chapek struck while discussing the earnings report.
  His demeanor struck many as tone deaf, in particular when he started to implausibly talk about how great the response had been.
  To Mickey's not so scary Halloween party, a relatively inconsequential event at Disney World.
  I mean, look, those things do print money in the short term.
  They're all they make a lot of money, but they always have.
  That's not if you're supposed to be talking about what you're doing this quarter.
  It's weird to say we had a party.
  It was very fun.
  I almost feel bad for this guy now.
  I know.
  I do.
  No.
  Well, I some of the reports were like the board members did have empathy for him being like a pandemic CEO and the company is in a difficult spot, which to which I say, spare me, please.
  This company is worth like over a hundred billion dollars like and I'm a could be closer to 200 billion.
  I don't understand how stocks work.
  So but they're saying all this and then they're saying like, well, you know, JPEG kind of put streaming ahead of everything, which seems confusing to me because I have always thought with streaming services like I feel like I'm I'm insane because these companies are like, oh, we didn't get enough new subscribers last quarter.
  And it's like, yeah, there's a there's a cap.
  There's only so many human beings.
  It's what they're all discovering at once.
  Yeah.
  Netflix ruined the whole industry.
  They hold all of these companies into putting all their chips in on this streaming and it's sinking every company.
  Every company, every one.
  They got tricked.
  They make any money.
  Netflix still doesn't make any money.
  Yeah.
  And I I don't.
  And especially when you're starting a brand new streaming service from scratch, even with the full Disney library, it's going to be a loss leader for a while.
  You're going to lose money on it.
  When you think about how the way they used to be able to value these individual that like here, just Bambi is going to cost you twenty five dollars to own a we're a bad form, a cropped on the sides.
  I have a VHS version of it.
  Yes.
  And that's just Bambi.
  Now, would you like to own more than Bambi?  Would you like to own dozens of them?  And now we get all of them all the time for eight bucks.
  It's great.
  It's great for consumers currently, but you can understand why.
  Currently.
  Yeah, boy, it's going to these places are going to get wild.
  I'm starting to buy Blu-rays again.
  I'm starting to buy movies again because like Star Trek movies just disappeared off of Paramount.
  What?  The home of Star Trek.
  And now they've been like licensed to a different like to Netflix or something.
  I'm like, wait a minute.
  Star Trek can go away from Paramount streaming service.
  Yeah, the looking up is just bonkers like and how much big stuff falls into the cracks.
  Post-Fableman's, I have been going like I should see every Spielberg I haven't seen.
  And I'm looking up this major one.
  Almost every one I look up isn't on a streamer.
  Like, what do you mean?  The career of Spielberg has not been fully scooped up by one of these.
  There's like 12 of them and they don't cover all the Spielbergs.
  I mean, somebody purely speculate that like Eiger's just going to shuffle back and forth.
  And shuffle back to like their old like put the movies in theaters and then like Disney Plus will have some content and we'll see.
  That might be right.
  Well, Tom Cruise proved movies still viable.
  Tom, I was saying this this morning to some people.
  I think Tom is like the I think he did change every I think that Maverick release working.
  Yeah, because I like stopped the insanity and reminded people how lucrative and exciting a movie could be in theaters.
  Yeah.
  So he's the runner on third.
  And then who's coming to bat?  Why, James Cameron?  Yeah, I hope so.
  I'm rooting for it.
  You saw though it has to be the fourth highest grossing movie of all time to make a profit.
  He can do it.
  If anybody can do it.
  It's James.
  Two billion dollars it has to make.
  Watch that new trailer.
  The trailer's fucking bonkers.
  We're going to meet the water people.
  I'll go.
  I forgot.
  I was in the middle of calming baby who was very rambunctious last night.
  Very, very ramy.
  Well, it's going to be emotional for you because you see Sully holding holding his child.
  You see a lot of the family emotion and kind of what's what's some of this.
  I'm excited.
  Oh, my God.
  Quaritch is an avatar.
  These these like people with no hearts and souls who are laughing at Avatar Quaritch as an avatar.
  Well, Quaritch is a Navi is going to be the best.
  That's great.
  Well, and Sully like their their son or their.
  Yeah, I think it's a son is like learning how to ride the water version of an Ecrans.
  And I was like, no way.
  Yes.
  No way.
  I got my movie is it's it's Ecrans.
  But now they're underwater.
  We have to learn a whole new system.
  Creatures.
  I can't wait for hours and glorious 3D.
  I'm going to think of a new word to qualify.
  Oh, my God.
  The pressure's on.
  So we yeah.
  We don't know the name of the of the beast yet.
  No.
  But oh, I don't know.
  I don't think you can do that till you see that you need to see the whole three hours  and 50 minutes of them in action.
  Yeah.
  But to to.
  Oh, that's I feel bad for you.
  That's that's a lot of.
  I had a lot of.
  Well, Mighty has gone for you.
  Mighty has been one of the biggest successes of my life.
  So I have to think of the pieces of proof that you were here.
  That's right.
  That's why people see you.
  It's my legacy.
  Leaving it to my daughter since hashtag.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  That is very funny that like, well, I'm the CEO again.
  What do we have coming up?  Ah, Avatar 2.
  Excellent.
  Yes.
  I waited long enough for him.
  It got delayed just enough that it gets to come.
  It's Iger's first big movie.
  And you know, honestly, they should just just buy up a bunch of ads for the next three days  and just like push strange world, like make it remind people like, yeah, remember, you  got to see a Disney cartoon at Thanksgiving time.
  Go see it instead of their current strategy of a buzz ad.
  We're like one out of every 300 intersections you pass by.
  Yeah, it's pretty anemic.
  This it's like they're they kind of did forget how to push stuff.
  And isn't that the I feel like we got to go back to the I found it so bizarre.
  You're disenchanted is just streaming Hocus Pocus twos just streaming maybe some of these  movies.
  Maybe they've crunched numbers and they're meant to be streaming and maybe Hocus Pocus  twos cultier or something.
  But like then you're capped on your nobody.
  You're not getting new subscribers for any of these movies, but maybe you get new profit  from a theater if you put them in a theater.
  Right.
  That's what well, I mean, that's what I don't want to praise as love as love or whatever.
  But that's some of his philosophy where he's like, we're not getting any new subscribers  with some of this stuff.
  Yeah.
  And it's like, yeah, that's true.
  I don't know who's going to.
  Yeah, I don't know what like I guess Hocus Pocus.
  Like probably a lot of the hardcore Disney people have Disney Plus already that won't  focus focus too.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it's like why?  Yeah, it doesn't make sense.
  Did their other hardcore bet heads who mid middler heads who signed up just to watch  for that?  Maybe that.
  Yeah, that's they were waiting for that for.
  Yeah, it's possible.
  But I don't know what this Jimmy Axe Jimmy Army came out.
  That's yeah.
  I mean, I think there's something to be said of like like I saw this morning.
  I saw a tweet that was like, oh, hey, bullet trains coming to Netflix.
  It started December.
  And I still remember that movie coming out and being promoted.
  And so I hadn't forgotten about it.
  I was like, oh, cool.
  I'll watch it when it's on Netflix.
  So I think there's something to be said of like, oh, yeah, maybe a smaller window between  theatrical release and streaming.
  I don't mind that.
  I don't think that's crazy.
  I don't think that's like an industry vendor.
  They've all pumped out so much stuff.
  There's there's things where I was like, oh, my God, I forgot about that.
  Yeah, sometimes you're not like you didn't like turn on the I do.
  I will never see Barbarian.
  No, I just forgot to see.
  I watched it on HBO.
  It's very good.
  I watched Confess Fletch last night because it's on Showtime on demand.
  And I was like, oh, oh, that's on streaming already.
  Oh, I'll watch that because otherwise I will never watch it.
  I will forget that it was on.
  That one may be an example of some things not meant to be theatrical.
  It was a nice struggle.
  Light mystery.
  Ninety eight minutes long.
  Pretty, pretty pleasant.
  Pretty good time.
  Not bad.
  Huh? Huh?  Well, this is some of what it is.
  And Jason, you said something about people not knowing how to budget.
  And I look, I'm not going to be able to give the expert analysis of this.
  But I think, OK, something that Chaypek did that Iger is going to immediately undo is that he gave all this preference to Disney Plus over the other arms over regular movies and regular television.
  And the big thing is that it was everything was restructured so that the budgets are not handed out by the head of film, the head of television.
  Like it all reports to one guy, the guy's name, Kareem Daniel.
  Kareem Daniel was fired yesterday.
  Gone.
  Yes.
  Part of, yeah.
  So which it doesn't, I don't know about him.
  I don't know if he deserves to just be out, but that structure does sound weird where the head of Disney features cannot like, all right, we are giving a green light to this movie.
  It has to get run up to one other guy.
  Centralized with the power streaming, which is getting crazy where they're like to make it work.
  Like we got to pump so much money into Mandalorian and or whatever this.
  That doesn't seem correct.
  So if only if that's the only thing that changed, maybe that makes sense.
  It's called like profit and loss.
  Like power was taken away, I think from each department.
  I forget P and L or something is the way they refer to it.
  Yeah.
  So I think that yeah, that's like that's the first thing he's vocally said is gone.
  And he's probably critical because this is the other thing that Iger's been like high, like popping up like a popping up like the little Caddyshack gopher.
  Yeah, like I wouldn't have done that.
  We shouldn't do that.
  You really fucked up on.
  Don't say he's been.
  Yeah, he's been like real shitty to shape the press.
  It like last December when it was on his way out, he's like, this has the potential.
  Like he said something of like, this is potential to like ruin the culture and destroy the company, which also fueled the feeling of like he set this fucker up to fail.
  Like he was constantly being like that guy.
  I don't know.
  Let me say this theory.
  Is there something going on where the the guy?  Okay.
  He knew that this would be as Mike, your conspiracy that he he set up like a patsy because COVID is coming.
  So I'll let somebody else deal with this.
  But then it backfires because now it looks like after a career of good decisions and good acquisitions and all that, that his final move is installing a boob.
  So it's tainted Iger's legacy because the thing he did on the way out the door was choose a successor who stinks.
  So now he has to go back to erase it so that he has a new ending to his Disney story that is not putting an idiot in the chair.
  Yeah, he wrote the book.
  He wrote a book.
  He wrote the hardcover like, well, my work is done here.
  Book.
  What's that?  He wrote a book called The Ride of a Lifetime.
  Oh, you're saying.
  Okay.
  Oh, so that like ties that up.
  That was years ago.
  That book came out.
  And, you know, of course, people, you know, you make the joke.
  Well, shouldn't be called the attraction of a lifetime.
  Do you know what company you work at?  This is it's a terrible title.
  But, you know, there's going to be 5000 people very upset.
  Yeah.
  No, the term is different.
  They call it in.
  You don't understand the culture.
  Yeah, it's it's interesting.
  I don't think I think that the truth is in somewhere in the middle.
  I think he was I think he was like he liked the thought of coming back.
  And there was like a podcast or some interview we did a couple of months ago.
  We're like, no, I'm done.
  You can't go home again.
  He said, I think he was probably ready to be done.
  But I do think Chaypex was Chaypex was so bad.
  And like the optics of all of it were so bad that, yes, his legacy was in in trouble.
  Plus, he was also bored.
  Yeah.
  So I think all of that combined cocktail.
  Yeah.
  Bored them.
  And they were going to be like, well, but your choice here sunk the company.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Plus, that commissary is pretty good.
  So maybe miss the Maltz Chili.
  Oh, yeah.
  Right.
  Maltz Chili.
  Like the Parks, the Dizzy Commissary does stamp Waltz Blank on a lot of menu items.
  There's an article.
  I forget which paper it was in about Iger's going away party.
  Did you ever read this?  Maybe we talked about this on the show.
  It was like 50 people in his Brentwood home and Chaypex attended, but they did not talk to each other at the.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Well, he's been at the party.
  Oh, really?  L.
 Michael Spielberg.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  There's yeah, it's been icy because Iger keeps popping up and making these statements.
  And Chaypex has viewed it as firing shots.
  It is.
  He's right.
  So he stopped.
  There was a world where he would have consulted with him on things a little more.
  But then he decided to like, I don't need him.
  I'm going to go my own way.
  Cut to don't say gay DeSantis controversy.
  He got no guidance from Iger on this whatsoever.
  And we know how that went.
  Blunder in both directions.
  Blunder because he wasn't critical enough of it.
  And then he decided, OK, actually, we are against it.
  And then DeSantis.
  Like a perfect opening to bad faith Republican.
  It's Reedy Creek.
  Governor shit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So they got like both ends of how badly that could have gone while Iger with nothing on  the line tweets.
  Well, now I would say this bill is very bad.
  Was I kind of love it.
  I kind of love Iger.
  Just like Iger sliding around.
  Iger was hiding in closets at Disney, I think, during this point.
  Over here, what was going on?  So he would know.
  Well, how much does this metaphor?  It does.
 OK, so it doesn't hold up completely, of course.
  But there are similarities.
  I think there's more similarities on the Iger as Jay side.
  Not in that it's done the opposite of blow up in his face.
  It's worked out completely in his favor.
  But where it falls apart is if this makes shape back Conan, that sucks because Conan's a genius with a superior product.
  That's where it falls apart.
  It just got screwed.
  But so that part not as much.
  And certainly, Jay did not pick Conan as successor.
  Jay, what Jay probably did was I said we probably don't even know the ice out of successors.
  He probably was the guy weird like, hey, Paul Rodriguez ain't coming on anymore.
  Well, Joan Rivers.
  Jay is.
  Well, that was Carson.
  But Jay is.
  Oh, OK.
  Jay is a Machiavellian genius, honestly.
  The more like little things he talks about, he would hide.
  He hid in closets twice.
  Have you heard this?  Both executives, both NBC executives.
  He also like learned like Warren Littlefield was like staying.
  This is all revealed on one of the many Jay interviews I watched in the last year.
  He learned like Warren Littlefield was staying at a hotel or something and learned he was like using the bathroom in the lobby somehow and then like used it to tell Warren Littlefield to pretend he was like spying on him intensely to freak him out.
  This is in the late shift.
  We all know this.
  OK, good.
  This is dramaticized with Bob Balaban.
  OK, you're right.
  You're right.
  There's a different story than I'm going to miss.
  That is a new story that I'm there's a different hiding in the closet that's not in late shift.
  Really?  I can't remember what it was.
  I don't have to watch Club Random to hear it.
  It was either that or the Holly Mandel podcast.
  Good Lord.
  These people relitigating the same.
  Leave that to us.
  We want to talk about the late night wars.
  Has your daughter heard Jay Leno's voice more than her grandparents voices?  Good question.
  Yes.
  My son got to meet Jay pre-accident.
  You know, it's crazy.
  I have this great I sometimes I think that it's just a photo when I took a bike ride and ended up just right next to Jay and a classic car.
  And I sometimes I think it's just a photo because I isolated just the last frame of it where it kind of looks like Jay's looking at my son.
  And but I sometimes I go I remember oh there was a video in that and in the video there's like a big steam burst and it startles everyone around including my boy.
  And now I'm like if these things were all ticking time bombs.
  Thank God that pipe wasn't aimed right at baby's face.
  Jesus.
  Yeah.
  You know what?  It's it's it's been it's been recklessness for a long time.
  Here finding.
  Yeah really.
  Wouldn't you have all those cars made before 1940.
  I do want to reiterate only you fixing it.
  Folks if you have not seen the photo of Jay in his classic denim attire with doctors and nurses at the hospital and you read about what the event what happened to him.
  He looks shockingly in good shape.
  Yes.
  For what occurred.
  The guy is so durable.
  He's just he is the worst diet according to him.
  Like it doesn't matter.
  He just he does whatever he wants.
  He does stand up 300 days a year.
  He cannot be stopped.
  The man is unstoppable.
  So the engine is solid but he can thank the burn center for doing the detailing.
  Which makes him which is letting him ride out I think right right out of the hospital and shiny new.
  You get a chuckle out of him with that.
  I think I think so.
  My question is so this is this is what I would say the comparison is to both of these situations is that I bet Jay in some ways had a thought of like you know if this felon character doesn't go well.
  Yeah there were some machinations on Jay's part but Jimmy did so well in the ratings.
  It was just impossible then for Jay to come back.
  Yeah.
  Oh so you think it still could have gone back.
  That's what I'm saying with Jay back in Eiger.
  It's like there's a scenario where Jay back did really well against what people would thought.
  I mean people were like I don't know if this guy's gonna do well and he did way worse I feel like.
  Yeah.
  And then I gear snuck back in.
  But I think in the back of Jay's mind it was like well Jimmy doesn't work out you know maybe this and like and she was doing something that just didn't go anywhere.
  And we just don't know about it now because Jay Jay the thing with Jay of course is he always kind of twists the narrative to be like well and I just you know okay they asked me if I would do that.
  They asked me if I would do this.
  Meanwhile Jay's like studying the ratings understanding the affiliates and the lead ins and like he's so he is like numbers on the wall.
  He's like set up a system.
  Yes Jay knows everything and the way he presents this is where he gets in trouble.
  It's just the way Jay presents it.
  It's like well you know they said you want to do a show here and okay and like the real situation is them telling Jay like we're worried about Conan we want you to go on a 10 and Jay's like yes if Conan does poorly.
  Jay is a very smart guy who knows everything and presents if he's a I'm just a big little guy and I don't know anything.
  And Fallon luckily Fallon got to start the Tonight Show without his lead in being.
  Well right.
  It was a hell of a.
  Watchable 10pm talk show.
  But still I want to know what Jay was doing.
  Jay was like well you know maybe.
  Yeah well those first six months yeah and you know he's watching every episode.
  Every episode.
  Like they're lingering on quest level a little too long.
  You don't want to show the band leader for more than you got to do 2.
5 seconds tops.
  That 100 percent Jay Jay was that clinical or that like methodical about his Tonight Show.
  Did he run out.
  You see the unstoppable force who ran up against the immovable object Lauren Michaels.
  You know maybe.
  Who was not present the previous time this yeah yeah yeah right.
  That's right.
  So that's a good point as well.
  So yeah this is this is a scenario where you're at.
  I think the thing that struck me was that it played out like the like fantasy casting.
  It played out with people going like they got a fire cheap and they got to bring Iger back.
  And it was like well when does that happen.
  Like I guess it seems too stupid.
  It's too obvious.
  The only thing that I think that struck me was that it was like.
  I don't think it's a perfect one to one is Steve Jobs leaves Apple.
  He does stuff on his own.
  He starts next computers and then eventually comes back to Apple.
  Yeah.
  And just then they just have iPad.
  I I pod iPhone iPad like yeah yeah yeah that's the only like grand return of the iPad.
  Yeah.
  And then they just have the iPad.
  Yeah.
  And then they just have the iPad.
  Yeah yeah yeah that's the only like grand return of like the yeah the guy publicly associated with the company.
  And even that it's like well yeah but then there was the other there was a guy who did the operating system for the next computer which was sort of the backbone that OSX is built on really.
  There's there's plenty of people behind the scenes.
  Isn't it weird that it's also they're also equivalent in that Steve Jobs is one of the only like we know this CEO.
  This is like a this is an executive who we know very well and with most company like all of this was happening at.
  I don't know.
  I mean well I guess we kind of know with Paramount Sumner.
  We don't really know Sumner.
  What I'm saying is like is it weird that regular people know and are invested in the Disney CEOs.
  Yeah.
  We are more than most people.
  Right.
  But I think due to the president set by Eisner where the CEO of Disney is coming on and saying hello to you every week.
  Yeah.
  Left to live where right now we all like.
  Well you want to have a feeling about that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Eisner brought that back.
  That's true.
  Made it so public.
  Very solid move.
  It makes you kind of trust the guy and Iger good on camera.
  Charming when you see him talking.
  Chapec weird like blinky doughy.
  It's interesting.
  I mean we all have like these fascinations with like figureheads in general I think because Lauren is there.
  Frank Marshall.
  Frank Marshall.
  Michael Meldman.
  Brian Mariani.
  Yeah.
  Stan Lee of course who made himself a character.
  That's a fun thing.
  So I think people like thinking that like a company is a character or a person.
  Like there's something fun about it.
  And then and like it's a perception of a lot of things are optics and perception.
  So just like Bob Iger if he's a seemingly nice man.
  Oh that makes you feel good about the company regardless of what's going on.
  Like you want to feel like oh he's nice and the company is nice.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  And then we all broadcast as Griffin referred to this when he was here the thing of like we are all making up things that Kathy Kennedy is doing.
  Oh there's a whole industry about it.
  We're all imagining little scenes in our heads and we don't know even if there is truth to it.
  We don't know about any of this.
  And I do find it odd on the other side that there there was even there was a headline about like Disney adults celebrating Iger's return.
  That was bizarre.
  That was like a writer had to hit a quota because they were like just quoting random Twitter users that were like YouTubers.
  And it was so condescending.
  It was such a short article.
  Oh then there was like no no real proof.
  There was no like.
  But that's a weird thing.
  That shouldn't be to the extent anyone's doing that.
  It's still it's billionaires versus billionaires.
  We know Iger.
  Yeah.
  He's a friendlier semen guy but you know he's probably done a lot of shitty things.
  We shouldn't be celebrating him either.
  But it's American life you know.
  You write narratives.
  You tell storytellers about the conquering heroes.
  It's a story.
  It's a story.
  Disney story.
  It would be funny if first things like Iris like we're pulling out of story living.
  I don't know what this what is this.
  Well let's talk about that.
  That's some of the like let's do a little fan casting here.
  What do we want to happen versus what you think actually will because I think it might be kind of mundane what actually happens.
  But yeah that'd be incredible.
  Done.
  Sell that property.
  It's all the sense in the world.
  They're already reorganizing.
  He's already got his people reorganizing the structure of the company.
  And I was like I found that you texted us the news and I was on the phone.
  With my dad and he had the news on and he had just seen it too.
  And we were talking and trying to figure out like what are they going to do to the parks.
  Like what changes.
  Well because this and I think I said to you too like okay Vince McMahon kicked out of WWE.
  His son-in-law takes over immediately hires back like two dozen people in front of the camera and behind the scenes.
  Yes that's another very recent precedent of a lot of people unhappy with Vince McMahon for many years.
  Not just for his personal life and other things but choices creative choices.
  And then yeah sweeping changes that are very popular with like the hardcore audience.
  So yeah this I mean I would assume he's actually coming back mainly to figure out how not to leak money from a streaming service.
  Yeah.
  Because the parks are still making a lot of money.
  I think they miss their like they miss what they wanted to earn.
  Yeah.
  So maybe it's not completely like Rosie but by and large all the stuff we don't like is helping them make a lot of money.
  It is.
  And there is.
  What I was curious in this news coming out is like in these sort of like industry art that these writers who are outside of us and our nerdy bubble.
  Is it going to register that the feeling has been really bad with theme parks lately.
  Like does it matter.
  And in fact this is in New York Times.
  This summer.
  OK.
  All the while some of Disney's most dedicated theme park customers have been growing indignant over price increases they see as nickel and diming.
  This summer Disney told investors that theme park profits would have been even higher if not for a quote unfavorable attendance mix at Disney World which annual pass holders took as an affront.
  And people started embracing the word unfavorable.
  So it is something the fact that it is profitable but they're pissing people off.
  And I think Iger gets that's going to matter in the long run.
  The Iger thing.
  OK.
 So Iger I certainly think is not OK.
  So because there's two sides of the argument there's people are like daddy's home which I think I saw maybe was attributed to an employee and actually someone said daddy's home daddy's home which is really funny.
  And then there's people who are like nothing's going to change.
  He's not different.
  And it's like the truth is a little bit more in the middle because I do think at the I do think Iger understands a little more of like the customer.
  He seems to have a little more as they say because this has been a common insult against JPEG.
  He has more emotional intelligence.
  This is a big slam against JPEG is that he doesn't have the emotional intelligence to understand some of the issues and how he's coming off.
  So Iger's been to therapy is what we're so Iger maybe has been psychotherapy.
  So I do think yes he understands a little more of like some of this can be like long term damaging if it's like you really start making people mad.
  Now does that just mean that Iger knows you just don't turn the heat up on the stove when the lobster is in the pot is hot as quickly.
  Maybe.
  Right.
 Maybe he understands you like and just turn the degrees of a couple like two degrees a year.
  So the lobster slowly boils.
  Don't turn it off all the way immediately because then people get upset.
  Yeah.
 If you understand what I'm saying.
  I do.
  Because they've done too much into like JPEG's shown his greed hands.
  Right.
  There is no era of Disney we've ever talked about on this show that isn't fueled by rampant greed.
  Right.
 And how much can we up ticket prices and charge people for it.
  But it's gotten so crazy and the fact that in something like that earnings call everything he's touting is all of this mundane Jeannie plus blah and what we aren't doing is big blockbuster rides.
  The thing that Universal is doing left and right.
  Entire new theme park.
  My biggest hope is that Iger realizes the biggest the best thing to do is rides like like we get something big or get Avengers moving again or whatever it is.
  Change it back to the old one.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That would be the OK.
  The dream scenario is that reservations go away tomorrow.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah.
  That that stops.
  I think Jeannie plus is not going anywhere.
  I think that's probably here to stay.
  Maybe there'll be a different way to do it.
  Like as far as on vacation where you have to buy it at midnight and wake up at six or seven or something.
  I think the infrastructure changing massive software infrastructure like that is hell.
  That takes so much and so long.
  Disney's website.
  Go Disney's is held together by tape.
  Well and that and and I think I sent you guys like looking up the streaming stuff like what how did how did Disney build their streaming network.
  And the answer was they built they bought an offshoot of the major league baseball's digital media wing.
  And that is the backbone that ESPN plus and Disney plus were built on.
  Oh yeah.
  By the infrastructure.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  So it's like I could see maybe something with like lightning lane and Jeannie plus I don't know like try to make it easier like a little bit less annoying.
  There's got to be a way.
  There's got to be something there like they could do.
  But I think in general the idea of like paying for fast passes has been on their radar for years.
  Yes.
  Sure.
  And it's yeah.
  It's happening in in Paris and other places.
  Yeah.
  And then dynamic pricing is everywhere.
  Obviously Ticketmaster right now with the Taylor Swift situation people are becoming more aware of how awful Ticketmaster is and that merger should not have happened.
  And this on top all of this that that and this Disney stuff and Elon Twitter disaster all of what like everything the wheels are coming off.
  It's all a little exciting because it's like showing the limits of just unbridled.
  Well and it's showing your incompetence.
  It's really Trump started the whole like hey maybe these guys aren't so smart.
  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  Maybe a lot of the stuff is bad.
  Pretty funny.
  This is all happening right around the time there has been reported there's an adderall shortage.
  It sounds keeping all these companies running.
  That's a good point.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
  And it's all been adderall supply chain problems everywhere.
  So yeah so I want reservations gone tomorrow.
  That's the easiest one.
  The better.
  I think so.
  I mean I also like I have not I don't have an annual pass.
  You don't have an annual pass.
  Yeah.
  Jason still does.
  I almost got one because my sister wants to go in a few months but then the fucking thing sold out again.
  The same as though as Taylor Swift stuff is going you're telling me how you can't get it.
  I want I'm trying to give you hundreds of dollars.
  Yeah.
  Let me.
  And like I'm like there's no way they used to let everybody buy as many as they wanted.
  There's just no way that that's like they're offering as many.
  Sold out said and it can't be.
  Yeah.
  No.
  And the whole thing that thing was a nightmare too because people were in the queues the online virtual queues for like 12 hours waiting to get it.
  Jesus.
  And I the morning the day like a few hours after they went on sale I got in the queue and it took me seven or eight hours to eventually just say it was sold out.
  Seven or eight hours to get it.
  Yes it was on my phone and it was just that slow little crawl like that like it's like a loading like you're downloading something.
  It was like you're waiting a few more hours here and I'm like this isn't your and we've yeah like it's it's just they're trying to figure out the right man.
  To figure out the right mix of annual pass holders and people that are paying more money.
  Yeah.
  Isn't it awful being on the other side of the unfavorables.
  I'm not going to start embracing that and wearing a shirt of it but like it's so similar to people embracing deplorables after Hillary.
  Yes.
  I don't want to be a deplorable.
  No.
  The person owning but I am an unfavorable.
  So we all are.
  We are all.
  It doesn't mean we have to grossly embrace that phrase but like I don't like being a being on the other side of one of these terms.
  Yeah sure.
  I mean it's doesn't it's not fun.
  There's nothing that word even unfavorable.
  There's nothing even fun to say in it like just purely from a.
  Who are you getting back at when you get you show up at a Disney park in an unfavorable shirt.
  Yeah.
  They're still with.
  They're still getting your money.
  Yeah.
  You're wearing his catchphrase.
  I've still given you thirty dollars or fifteen for parking.
  Yeah.
  So so like that if they could just like be like yeah annual passes you can buy them if you want to like make on the web site and buy them and reservations are gone.
  Even reservation.
  Honestly I would take just the annual passes you can buy and reservations are still there.
  I don't hate reservations but the fun of going.
  It worked when I had the flex pass in 2019.
  It was great.
  Sure.
  Not that many people had it.
  And I never had trouble getting reservations.
  So I don't know.
  I don't know that.
  Like I said when I was talking to my dad and I'd be like look it'd be great if they brought back magical express.
  A lot of people really like that.
  It'd be great if they.
  Yes these are easy.
  If they give you two fast pass a day and then you got to pay for more people I think would be a little more satisfied that you got something.
  That's going to be too confusing though with Genie Plus and then you get two in the app.
  Like there's no way that's happening.
  That's true.
  But they've they've taken away a lot of the value of the perks of like well you're staying in a Disney hotel.
  It's a little pricey but you got this stuff with it.
  I think Chay Pack just got too excited because remember we've talked about this before when he was talking about the annual passes coming back.
  He was saying it was going to be some sort of a loyalty program.
  So he had he was excited.
  I think this is my speculation.
  He was excited that he was going to get rid of the way annual passes were and like it was going to be like you buy two days get one free like they're like I think he was he was excited.
  Like I think he was he was looking to do something even more aggressive to keep people out and then they crunched the numbers and we're like we need these annual pass holders.
  We need some to make them like they've sustained the park in a lot of different years when maybe attendance wasn't up.
  So that didn't he had a grand plan I think to completely ice us out.
  God.
  But yeah again I think it's turning the turning the heat up too fast.
  Just got too greedy.
  Yeah.
  That's what marries a lot of this is just yeah like yeah we've we've all been taking advantage of fight corporations our lives but they're not they're not hiding it well enough.
  Right.
 Maybe we're a little smarter and they're a little greedier and it's the Revers finally made the road a little because yeah ultimately in 10 15 years if they have like expanded like doubled the size of Disneyland and California Adventure and there's like seven new hotels and another shopping area.
  They're going to draw more tourists who will spend more.
  So that makes sense like OK then like they're going to ice us out more and more as more tourists come to that because there's so much to do here.
  OK.
  Then that makes sense.
 But right now it doesn't make like the model has always been annual pass holders are a huge part of these parks.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And annual I'm sorry this is should be a basic thing but I'm not in Florida so I don't know no annual passes in Florida still.
  Well they they haven't put them back on sale but they're going they announced like a new tier or something.
  They announced some changes to it.
  Or am I wrong?  OK it's that they're wait I'm thinking of park hopping.
 You can't park hop.
  Well you can park hop.
 You can but on one coast it's after 1 p.
m.
 and on the other coast it's after 2 p.
m.
  It's still it's that that that is another thing.
 That's an easy thing to get rid of that would just be make people go.
  Make people go.
 Ah thank you.
 Yeah.
 Why.
 Yeah.
 Pick your park and all that is annoying as hell.
  Because the other thing is for years it worked that people just self selected people evened out the parks like when my family we go to a park is to grab they're like let's just take a bus to a different park.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Because we've talked about the the the reservation system and everything is literally is actually they say it's to put their resources in the right spot to know how many staff.
  But it's actually to put as few staff members in the places because you'll know you have a little more organization you know where everybody's going to be.
  So you can like understaff everything more because you have more like awareness of where everybody is is at a certain time.
  That kind of ties back to like at the at the top level.
  I think you can if you can get away with turning up the lobster boil.
 Yeah.
  If you're doing it with a smile.
 Yes.
 If you're doing if you're doing it subtly and you're being nice and you're shaking and I this is I think they've clearly the chip back era has been very bad to employees been bad to loyal fans.
  And it's also an aspect of this I never thought of was that he comes from parks and then he's put in this situation where he's a big deal.
  It's one of the biggest deals in Hollywood and Hollywood people do not know this guy and he's shitty to them.
  And he fires this Peter Rice guy brutally in this awful PR thing with Scarlett Johansson.
  None of this needed to happen.
 So I think if he has any credibility of like all the parks were doing okay under his smart and parks.
  None of that applies in the Hollywood realm.
 He's entered where everybody's just always hated him.
  Yeah.
 I want him to be fired.
 Let's be clear parks and consumer products.
  So all items vacations toys toys all items.
 Yeah.
 Gotcha.
  It will be like Iger it's going to be interesting to see if Iger does some sort of like flashy like the King move which like something like that would be like we're journeyed into imagination.
  Like we're making figment new ride plus in it up like if he did something that like aggressively pandery to our types.
  It'll be interesting to see if he does anything like that.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Does he does he need to.
  I mean they did not get away with that awful d23.
 No.
 Where does this leave daddy tomorrow.
  Well that is a good question is it not because there's I've seen a lot of talk about this guy.
  I've been asking this this question lately and I've certainly look I've been a tomorrow skeptic for a little while and I find it interesting that this era of parks that we're all complaining about.
  Yes.
 Jay Peck's the CEO but who is running parks this guy daddy tomorrow.
  Daddy tomorrow.
 Are we just not being critical of him because he's handsome.
 Is that what it boils down to.
  Look he's got the bomber jacket.
 He's got the formal sneakers.
 He's got some tight dark jeans.
  Okay.
 That's how you know he's a cool executive.
  I have seen the discourse around Josh tomorrow is wildly different.
 People have wildly different opinions.
  Some people saying he's too much of a chapec guy he needs to go.
  Some people saying well he just threw in with chapec because he wanted to curry favor with the CEO and he's doing chapecs bidding but he's more of a he knows what should happen.
  Okay.
 So maybe parks do get corrected a little bit.
 Right.
 Well and I've seen it all the way up to because there's already the discussion because I don't think we've said Iger's run here is supposed to be short.
  He's supposed to do two years.
 It's another question I have.
 We should all bet right now.
 How long does this guy actually last.
 Good question.
  Because I think it's longer than two years.
 Yeah.
 I think he renews that for another two.
 I agree.
 And then he adds another year I think five years minimum.
  Yeah I have six in my head.
 I'm going to say what did Jay do when Jay did four when he came back I believe.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 We at least have to do a I think four at least.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We at least got to get Iger in a car on the PCH with get back playing get back to where he once was.
 We got to do it the same way Leno came back.
 I think that's right.
 And the car has a sticker that says retired and it blows off reveals Disney CEO.
  Well they have would get back on Disney plus.
 Oh yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The rights to this song.
 Yeah.
 So so.
 Oh wait I was gonna say in one of the I think an Hollywood Reporter something that it's been speculated OK well if he's only doing a short run then who is next.
  We don't we don't know Mr.
 Tomorrow's name is in there.
 His name is in there.
 Yep.
 Potential see any other Dana Walden is the other one.
 Yes.
 So I think I think we'll know at least what side the mark because I do.
 Iger greenlit a lot of stuff for California Adventure that he probably didn't technically have to.
  Yep.
 A giant expansion which is what cars land in the whole car they circle and making it.
 Yeah.
 Pleasant again.
 The good good front of his show.
 So he does understand that.
 So I think like again the truth lies a little more in the middle where like I think he understands that like it feels like Disney's not making like big movies that people that people are that excited about he understands like there needs to be some creativity going on in addition to we need to figure out how to take the most money.
 He of course not like guys.
 I's there.
 I always  think of like Eisner was a guy who was like fostering creativity from within.
 Iger a lot of times is like buying things to keep the creativity going.
 Yeah.
 Which is still I guess in some in some instances better.
 I don't know about this Fox thing.
 I think the Fox thing also got avatar which could backfire.
 Maybe right.
 That's true.
 I'm rooting for it.
 But Fox.
 But that also the buying Fox and put Disney on the debt which I think is also partly like dragging shape back down a  soon as he starts.
 Sure.
 But yeah I forgot where I'm taught what I was talking about.
 But it's yeah we'll see.
 I don't know.
 Well if we're if we're winding down a little bit just in terms of a final thought the final things to say about all of this.
 First of all this is from Scott Gustin on Twitter like Disney reporter theme park reporter.
 He pointed out the oddity of you're like how long was a shape back in for.
 And the  number the answer is 999 days.
 So funny.
 That's so crazy.
 That's so short of a thousand.
 And the the number of ghouls.
 That's like a funny coincidence.
 There's a couple.
 There's another I sent Jason this tweet yesterday and I'm trying to find it and I got a.
 Where's your text.
 You find that.
 I got to mention.
 So one of the people that was like an Iger person.
 Christine.
 Yeah.
  Christine M.
 McCarthy.
 She's the CFO.
 She is also a senior executive vice president and she seemed to be one of the people she started in like 2015 has stuck around for a while.
 So she she seemed to be more in the Iger camp and I think was one of the people who would talk to him.
 You know.
  We talked about earlier who called him.
 There was no.
  Person also has a lot of both sides on the Internet and I was trying to figure out why and I quickly did because she got a lot of flack in the summer because she came out and said yes we are cutting portion sizes at our restaurants but our guests you know be good for their waistline.
  Some of them could probably do to lose some weight and everyone was just like what is the matter with you.
 Like he was that quote.
 Yeah.
  I found that.
 So this is a Twitter user CBC Travels who tweeted this January 25th 2020 Shanghai Disneyland closes February 25th 2020.
  Iger steps down November 14th 2022 Disney Cruise Line drops all covid testing November 20th 2020 Iger even stated.
 Wow.
  Like he stops worrying about covid completely at this point and then I wrote it out.
 He just waited for the whole thing to die down.
 Well rosy news I guess about that by valent booster.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 They saw the efficacy data.
 Yeah.
 And he was so excited about it.
 The one thing I'll say and I haven't told you guys this yet.
  That is maybe the funniest and saddest is that JPEG on Sunday was ready to do a big introduction.
  Oh yeah you know we know you guys know this but you don't know.
 Oh my parents and I were there.
 Whoa.
 At the Elton John concert at Dodger Stadium.
  I learned all this by Elton John's final concert in North America.
 I did not know you were there.
 No.
 We last second decided to go because I'm like all right well it's outside and say well my parents were like you know busy doing stuff so the little stripes like you know let's all go.
  Three of us will go.
 So we're on that we're driving into the just the nightmare of parking at Dodger Stadium if you ever done it.
 Don't do it.
 I try not to but that's what we chose to do.
  So we're driving in and that's when I started getting all the texts.
 Whoa.
 Oh I love that secret.
 Yes.
 And then we're sitting there.
 We were sitting there and that's when I started seeing the tweets that Bob JPEG was supposed to introduce Elton John that night because the concert was streaming on Disney Plus.
  And I started laughing.
 I showed my parents because I had been telling them and they were laughing at this.
 We were laughing at a man's misfortune.
 Yeah.
 But you know so I'm trying to figure out was he there because it was so last second.
 It felt like he might have been backstage.
  Rehearsing the speech pacing back and forth.
 Excited known as music's favorite rocket man.
 No that's not.
 Which one should I.
 It was a little candle in the window to say that.
  He did start the fire.
 Pop no no wrong guy.
 Wrong guy.
 No no.
  Under a road is Bob.
 No no way.
 I love American popular music and one of our great always an American.
 Well OK.
  The another detail about that was that there were Disney executives in the audience.
 Yeah.
 Who found out right.
  Do you worry.
 The email that's like hello Robert Eiger here.
 I'm happy and surprised to tell you that I.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people thought the email got hacked with Twitter.
 There's been a lot of impersonation of corporate entities.
  So I think people flashed through.
 Is this some weird.
 Oh no.
 Eiger is back.
 And not only at that but also at the American Music Awards the same night.
  So at all of these events large blocks of Disney executives are all like gotta go gotta go.
 The red wedding.
 The red wedding happened at the Elton John concert.
 Elton John's final North American concert.
  By the way let's break that apart.
 That like yes the one of the one of the most important musicians of all time.
 And this is this major night for him and that how that's going to start is a disliked executive is going to.
  Yeah that's a good point.
 I don't know.
 Terrible.
 I guess it could maybe have not aired but no I think it was going to probably he was going to.
  I don't know if he was going to do like a warm up and then they were going to start the stream but I'm not sure.
 They did a whole pre show which I have not watched back.
 So it's crazy.
  Did the it all it ultimately just started with like lights on dramatically Elton's playing his song already.
 Yes.
 There was no need for a boring man to introduce.
  No people were excited to sing Benny in the Jets and they weren't like well what are we watching here.
 Why isn't anyone explaining.
 Who's this guy.
 I don't get it.
 What's the song.
 Is his name Benny.
  And he improvised to he changed it to Eiger and the board.
 Eiger and the board.
  Yeah so he I wonder like I don't think Elton was planning on thanking Bob Chapek at the end because he Bernie Toppin was there he brought Bernie out at the end.
  And he brought his husband and the kids out.
 But I don't think it was like was Chapek who's going to be like thank you Bob Chapek and they had to be like oh he's been fired.
  Cross that out.
 I don't know.
 And the biggest thanks of all my entire the biggest thanks of my entire career.
 I never could have done it without.
  Always been fired.
  Always been fired.
  Well very strange.
 Very strange.
 Mr.
 Chapek your candle burned out long before your legend ever will.
  I guess.
  Insane.
 Well fun thing to talk about for a while.
 I guess you survived podcasts throughout the second gate and none of us have elected to fire the other before the end of the episode.
  That's true.
  I did check Twitter to see if there were any developments and I went to Trending Topics Entertainment and it was just the oddest mix of like movie stars names and then like right wing grifters names and I'm like oh what is this.
  Why is this happening?  On to the next adventure I suppose.
  And as for our next event this emergency topical episode has bumped the club three which now will be next week finally Kingdom Hearts.
  You'll hear our journey into the world of Kingdom Hearts.
  But for now I got other I got adventures to get on.
 I still I still have the tab open for genies dot com and it says here I can I can make whatever species I want ranging from a Zen teacup to a psychotic bunny.
  Wow is that like the bunny man Johnny Depp's son's NFT creation?  He should keep an eye on it because another company, Eiger's getting into big bunny.
  Will they reinstall you made a joke about this is will Eiger we were all wondering will Elon reinstate Trump and he didn't Trump didn't come at least as we're recording this will Eiger reinstate captain Jack Sparrow.
  I said Chay Peck on his way out a green lit a trilogy of Johnny Depp pirates movies.
  He cursed an unbreakable contract.
  They owe it yes it's a it's a pay and play they owe Johnny Depp one billion dollars per movie they don't let him do.
   Quickly in his lame duck hour of being a CEO he got that passed he got that through.
  And it's in the contract that Chay Peck takes the pirate cameo spot.
  It was Keith Richards and it was Paul McCartney now Chay Peck showing up on set.
  Big dreadlocks and dirt smears on his face.
  Boys, Captain A it's your great uncle Captain Bob.
  Maybe that's why he was growing the beard.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  I know one thing is for certain Disney has not paused advertising on Twitter because I get so many promoted Disney tweets and such.
  Unless it's unless it's fake unless it's a verified.
  Oh yeah.
  Mary Prinkster's Hey this is Disney Plus it's free now.
  Stock plummets everything erased.
  It'd be funny if they had an ad support.
  I mean they are I believe introducing a cheaper ad support a tier like everyone else's now.
  Sounds awful to me.
  But if they just had a free version that's just all the tooth early 2000 stuff.
  It's like well it's free but you can only watch a bolt home on the range.
  The Haunted Mansion.
  College road trip.
  You wanted more than college road trip.
  Well add on.
  Yeah I got to pay.
  Go to 2B if you want more.
  We'll see.
  Hey good luck.
  We love you.
  He's a superhero.
  The newest Disney hero.
  One of our friends called said he looks like James Bond like eight years ago.
  And that's how I like to think of him.
  Yeah.
  The real Elon's the real life Iron Man and Iger's the real life James Bond.
