 Forever.
  Dog.
  Attention.
  Please remove your glasses for a podcast that may include Avengers who are too busy to be  in your ride, scalding hot brands shaped like friendly cars, and a nearly episode derailing  relitigation of something that itself was an episode derailing relitigation.
  It's an exclusive Disneyland Paris report from foreign correspondent Griffin Newman on  Podcast the Ride.
  Ride where we're a little worried that we might get radiation poisoning from our guest  because he's just returned from a cultural Chernobyl.
  I don't know what that gasp meant.
  Admiring a long walk maybe.
  It's a short walk.
  I just didn't know where it was.
  It's like you stepped out your front door and I didn't know if there was any ground beneath  you.
  The first half is that I accuse you of having a problem of being up, halting out or something.
  No, of course we're starting off very broad and accessible.
  I'm talking about the late 80s reaction to the announcement of Disneyland Paris, which  presumably we will talk about to some extent.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  Mike Carlson's a host of the show.
  I am a host of the show.
  I'm here.
  Yeah, the cultural Chernobyl.
  I wonder, yeah, did it turn anyone into an Incredible Hulk type character superhero when  Disneyland Paris opened?  I don't know the answer to it.
  Certain critics maybe raged out to a Hulk level.
  Exactly.
  Jason Sheridan.
  I had to, yeah, I had to take a second, partially because I was not 100% sure you were referring  to some of the reactions of Disneyland Paris and also I think I've just gotten so numb  to those old news articles or essays where it's just like a city walk, a walled city  on a hill whereby upon the others gaze on the hoy, hoy, polloy, you know.
  Is there a French Hulk?  Was there ever a French Hulk in the comics?  Was there a French Hulk?  Yeah, was there a Hulk character that was French?  I feel like that's one of the things they haven't done is sort of like the international  league of Hulks.
  No, yeah, this good boy in a beret wearing Hulk.
  Yeah, it feels like the character that would be most fun to see the specific cultural parallels.
  I agree, I agree.
  And when I say that I mean like a cartoonish picture of a French person from 1960.
  He speaks so guttural though, like to turn it.
  Right, yeah, there you go.
  I guess it works perfect is what we figured out.
  Our guest today, we're excited he's here.
  He has assured us that we are his only podcast appearance during his current promotional  tour.
  One, and done.
  We're honored by that.
  There's a bunch of credits and accolades that we could give you, but there's one that is  the most important right now, which is that he is the voice of a talking chipmunk in a  Disney movie.
  Please welcome the voice of Pip in the upcoming, I think out today, I think when we're putting  this out.
  Oh wow.
  I believe so.
  November 18th?  I think so.
  Also Mickey Mouse's birthday.
  You're in a Disney movie.
  Oh, I didn't even know that.
  On the Mickey Mouse's birthday?  Yeah, this is, hey, I don't think they don't do accidents over there.
  I think they're setting up a new Mickey Mouse.
  His name is Pip and his voice's name is accidental PTR legend Griffin Newman.
  Thank you for that introduction.
  It does, it does feel like now I, I, there's no other way to interpret it as anything but  the Walt Disney corporation, Walt Disney studios saying the best gift we could give to Walt  for his birthday is disenchanted, a Disney plus original for families of all ages.
  The best gift you could give to Walt for Mickey's birthday.
  Correct.
  Yes.
  Which makes sense.
  I mean.
  And the best gift you could give Mickey as well.
  Yeah, yeah.
  A new friend.
  I think Mickey will love it.
  I really, I've been saying this a lot to everyone working on the movie.
  I'm like, I think Mickey's going to really like this.
  Oh, Amy, Patrick, Griffin, here's the baton.
  Must have been difficult with scheduling because they were filming Sonic at the same time.
  My copyright's running out.
  You're going to have to do this from now on because I'm out of here.
  Time is on the essence.
  Time's on the essence.
  Let's just say, because you guys, I told you almost immediately when I got this job.
  Obviously I was like, relevant information.
  Will you guys believe?  Great news to drop.
  That was very exciting.
  I'll probably get into the story a little bit.
  But the process of getting the part was a little bit odd and surprising and sudden and  was kind of unexpected.
  But I was looking through old text.
  I got the part May 2021.
  I've been working on this for like over 18 months.
  And we've done multiple episodes in that time.
  And this is the first time I can acknowledge it.
  Oh, jeez.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You know, we've been sitting on this information.
  Yeah, we all know.
  Yes, you're coming and hanging out with us, people who talk about Disney all the time.
  The first accidental PTR legend to end up.
  Well in contention to be a, this is the beginning of the journey of being a purposeful Disney  legend.
  I'm not sure if I've ever seen any Disney movies.
  I was.
  I'm worried that I'm going to watch the next time I watch one that I suddenly get some  weird flash.
  Randy Runyon could be in a Disney movie and we don't know yet because we haven't seen  we haven't maybe no one else is going to make it.
  I'm just saying we don't know of anyone else who has made that leap yet.
  Yeah, that's true.
  To Disney.
  Is Randy Runyon who played Choco?  Yeah.
  OK.
  Choco hasn't come up a ton lately.
  I'm really I'm resting him for what I have planned.
  I want it to be a good long time before he comes up.
  So I'm going to edit this out, at least for the audience.
  Now it's another 18 minutes before you can pay off this bit.
  Yeah, I'm going to have to push it back 18 more months.
  Yeah, 18 more.
  He's got to find a suitable clock tower for what he's got planned.
  High enough, enough cover.
  You don't want one side of it to face just like a field or a brick wall.
  You got to be 360.
  Choco mailbox inside so he can get his word out before the coming.
  Oh, that's a disturbingly too good of serial killer thinking.
  I feel the shooter thinking sniper thinking.
  There's just not enough post office boxes now.
  There's not a mailbox.
  It's harder than ever to go postal.
  This is a good point.
  Yeah, look, everyone is saying art, the clown, this art, the clown, that  they should be saying Choco this and they are.
  Wait, what are they saying?  Art, the clown.
  He makes people barf and poop and they're so scared.
  I have no idea what you're talking about.
  We talked about this on an episode.
  I just heard you talk about this on an episode yesterday.
  I know it was reported longer ago, but I was yesterday listening to you go.
  It's terrifying.
  So I did it then and I'm doing it now.
  OK, OK.
  I truly don't.
  There's certain things.
  There's the things that come up on the show where even where you're  Michael say, you don't remember this.
  And it's because I'm it's being live erased as it's be as I'm learning it.
  You got to clear up like disk space.
  It's fast.
 Yeah, that is what it's like.
  I think we've all proven we have a lot of goddamn names in our heads at all time.
  If this podcast does anything, it is drop odd names of people from all eras,  except like history or anything that matters.
  Important.
 Oh, yeah.
  Pop culture, Arcania.
  But what is what?  Why did it come out recently?  Recently, it was like two weeks ago or less.
  We hear a movie called Terrified.
  The Hotbox Ghost episode.
  Yes.
 Yeah, it just came out.
  Terrifier to yesterday.
  Terrifier to you.
 It's so fresh.
  People are puking and passing out because it's so gross.
  Oh, I remember that.
  Yeah, it's part of the clown is the evil clown.
  I don't know that we named Art the Clown.
  No.
 OK, maybe.
  There we go, because I remember hearing about.
  Well, isn't this another one of these?  This is a situation much like another situation that happened recently,  involved where you remembered it one way.
  But then but maybe somebody was not there speaking that we cross talk here  was confusing as far as this was more obscured.
  What you're speaking about is a clear misjudgment on my part.
  I think this is acknowledged.
  Yes, is is a little bit more obscured as far as what had happened.
  We got to check the tape.
  I don't I'm not confident that I've heard the name Art the Clown.
  I think I think you may be right.
  OK, I think Jason, thank you for catching it.
  I think for being apologetic ever.
  And thank you for being an arbiter here.
  Mike has an excuse of getting like three hours of sleep at night.
  I just am really still enmeshed in absorbing guys names.
  And what's happening instead of pushing out actual memories,  the guys are pushing out the previous guys.
  So every now and then a running joke will come out  and I'll go like, yeah, you know, there's an amount of space on the hard drive.
  Yeah.
 And if you're adding new things, you got to delete some old files.
  Now, I was I do feel I had some memory.
  Yeah, you do have to buy an external hard drive.
  How do you do that in your brain?  Well, I'm always working on my brain because I have all those alerts  and notifications, so I'm actually continually.
  So that's the expanding.
  Yeah, it's like that surgery you get when you're short  that keeps extending your legs.
  I found out Rivers Cuomo had 20 years ago.
  No, he did.
 He did.
  And he said it didn't work and they had to do a different version of it.
  He was like, oh, this is coming up.
  It was like a podcast.
  This is what I was going to say.
  I do feel like and this is once again in Scott's defense.
  I'm not going to take Scott's defense on everything.
  Oh, there's a lot of things that need to be done in this episode today.
  You might look at this title and go, that seems vague in general.
  There's a reason why it's because there's so many different things to hit.
  We did not want to talk about it.
  There was an idea of a more specific episode and we threw it out  because there's so much odd business.
  There's a lot of we will talk about your trip to Disneyland Paris.
  Let's be clear about that.
  Correspondence.
 Yes.
 A new title.
  Another on top of that, your PIP and you're the legend.
  We also have to service the premise that you're the foreign correspondent.
  Right.
 And Mike said, is this or maybe you said, is this competing  with Jason's status as Cub reporter?  I said I would never touch that.
  I didn't feel threatened.
 I would never touch that.
  I would never touch that.
  Cub reporter, one of my favorite sort of ongoing threads in PTR lore.
  I'm asking for a different space far away from Cub reporter.
  Yeah, very literally far away.
  You went to another.
 Physically, I will not report on anything  within the continental United States.
 Wow.
 Great.
  I will say that.
 OK.
 That's not my job here.
  OK, OK.
 Geez.
 Well, but it leaves him to do it.
 Get reporting.
  Yeah.
 I hit the pressure.
  I do feel like the number of guys  has been multiplying exponentially recently.
  I think guys are multiplying at an astonishing rate.
  And I think Scott has been feeling this frustration of I'm being treated  like I should know these guys.
 Who are these?  I don't remember these guys.
  And it's like it feels like every episode we're adding five or ten new guys.
  Now, this having been said, I texted you guys and I said,  I just listened to the Frank Marshall gate episode on the second gate.
  What was the false?  Your dot com podcast.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Now we'll have to do we have some backstory explaining to do.
  Yes, the episode is called False Starts.
  Frank Marshall gate.
 Right.
  And I listen to this episode and I say to you guys,  I think this is the best episode you've ever done.
  I think this is the best piece of PTR content that has ever been released.
  And I want to relitigate it on the show.
  There's still more on the main feed for the first time because this is  entirely a second.
  This is the whole point.
  Scott, you're like, maybe we do a bonus and we do is we do two records back to back  and we do a little Frank Marshall gate follow up because that whole narrative  has been entirely behind the paywall.
  Yeah, I have come here today trying to force Frank Marshall gate onto main feed.
  There is a reason I refuse to spin this off into another episode.
  I think right now this thread has been reserved for the elites.
  It's been placed on a high shelf for the PTR check marks.
  If you absolutely Griffin walked into this garage holding a kitchen sink with a  shitty grin on his face.
  And he's like, I think this needs to become a main thread.
  Okay.
  All right.
  Do we need to do we need to explain any backstory before you go into anything?  You want to go into part of what needs to be accomplished.
  I even I was prepared for this.
  I have notes in case any.
  So let's explain the whole story here.
  So on a different second gate episode horror Hall of Fame with Andrew Grissom.
  We discussed these these old whole horror award shows and one award was given to Frank  Marshall, the director of arachnophobia.
  That's why he was there.
  You might also know him as a producer.
  You're getting to see it.
  This is what he does every time.
  You have to say the words Frank Marshall.
  He goes off into a better place.
  Yeah, if I could just have the show only be about Frank Marshall and not theme parks.
  I'd be very pleased.
  So you might know that name because he's the producer of many giant films.
  Steven Spielberg films and also and of course hoots and the BFG.
  Of course, Mary Kathleen Kennedy, the head of Star Wars at this point started out as  one of Peter Bogdanovich's protege's his first job is on  the last picture show and he was very instrumental in other side of the wind both in its original  aborted production and actually getting it finished.
  Yeah, a legend in Hollywood.
  Honestly, a quiet legend.
  I think this is important to point out because I feel like sometimes I'm going to play both  sides of this.
  That's even handed discussion right?  Yes.
  Yes.
  It needs to be discussed in full.
  I feel like sometimes when you are dismissing the notion that Mike is presenting Frank  Marshall as an important figure in Hollywood, you understand this is a comedy show.
  You're a very funny man.
  I respect this.
  You get the laugh out of me when you do this will lead with credits such as hoot in the BFG,  which you did again just now.
  It is.
  Yep.
  You're right.
  It's a move of arachnophobia and the producer of such big movies as and you're not mentioning  the fact that he produced the Indiana Jones.
  Yes, of course.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He's been nominated for many Academy Awards.
  Yeah.
  Now, he was being given an award for arachnophobia.
  This is relevant.
  That is relevant.
  But then you're looking for the easy laugh.
  Sure.
  On BFG and who?  Little undercut.
  But look, no, this is true.
  He is a major figure and I acknowledge this, but let me shift it over here.
  None of that is why he comes up all the fucking time.
  He comes up because he's Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  He's Jimmy Buffett's best friend and he comes up all the time because I learned that he was  like Jimmy Buffett's best friend and it tickles me.
  It delights me to no end.
  And I've been thinking about this because I've been trying to prepare mentally for this  because I know you brought you were going to bring this up.
  Yeah.
  And if I even flesh it out more of why I like it, he's like always with him in the background.
  Frank Marshall, who's this like Hollywood legend who's got, you know, you might not know  unless you're a nerd for these names.
  But Frank Marshall, like he just goes and follows Jimmy on tour for like multiple days.
  And then he comes out and he's in the background on stage playing Margaritaville on a guitar,  which is adorable.
  It's so cute to me.
  I love it.
  It's adorable and cute.
  Fascinating to me.
  Don't you think it's cute that Frank Marshall is with his friend Jimmy Buffett?  He loves him.
  He loves the music.
  He has to love the music.
  There's no way he doesn't love the music.
  Very cute.
  I think it's not just cute that he does it, but that Jimmy allows it.
  Like it seems like a equal.
  So, you know, different fields, but appreciation for what the others do.
  Let me say this.
  I do find that interesting that he shows up on stage and plays guitar that he has a whole  other career esteemed in this other category and he ends up on guitar playing Margaritaville  at a concert.
  Something else to say though, you've never brought up that one.
  That is interesting.
  That makes me go like Frank Marshall.
  That makes me more interested in him.
  All I've ever heard is he's Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  That's the only fact that and much like the fucking briefcase story, I don't get enough  of like information about why.
  Like when you give me more morsels, I'm like, okay, that is interesting.
  I did like hearing that.
  Yeah.
  Well, I mean, I think there's other morsels.
  I've said that I can't remember specifically what I've said in the show.
  I don't know if it's just Jason and I are in such like agreement that of like loving  Frank Marshall that.
  Texting Instagram posts to each other.
  I think maybe we just share a common Marshall language that we maybe haven't conveyed to  you or the audience perhaps.
  This is perhaps what I my true agenda.
  I have come here with today is that when you relitigate to try to touch back on Frank Marshall  Gate, which would get to the actual incident.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I say, oh, yeah.
  It things I would argue almost got even more testy.
  Nothing was settled.
  No, no, no, no.
  I feel like there are some cleaner tunnels of communication that can be built here.
  I think it was just built.
  This is you gave me more context for why the Frank Marshall Jimmy Buffett connection is  interesting.
  Okay, so we're we're we're figuring it out.
  Working on this.
  Yeah, because I don't even mind gator.
  I come here as a group therapist.
  Yes.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Yes, because like, you know what I've just something I've just learned is that you guys  go off the PTR text thread to do Frank Marshall sharing is thinking that I'm not going to  be interested.
  But now that's left me with a big gulf of knowledge that I don't have and especially  that the audience does not have they are not on your text thread.
  So some of the things that are interesting to you, you've never told the audience.
  This is a great point.
  I do think that perhaps and I am similarly fascinated with Frank Marshall and being a  movie nerd who is very aware of him and his name.
  Yeah, and then just hearing Mike say he is Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  The math was done in my head.
  It is funny for that guy to be Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  Okay.
  Versus if he is presented to you as Jimmy Buffett's best friend and that is your starting  point you go why the fuck am I hearing about him?  Sure.
  I know I'm aware of the body of work.
  I'm just not specifically like fascinated.
  I've seen that name always.
  I've watched enough interviews with him.
  It's funny his temperament the vision the visual I have of him in my head.
  It's like, oh if what if Brian Grazer would just like follow Eric Clapton around and get  on stage and jam with Clapton all the time.
  He puts the guitar on.
  Right, right.
  And also probably once in a while gets COVID.
  Yes.
  Doing all of this.
  Just hops up up there.
  This has got to stop.
  Strolling through his veins.
  It's just it's an odd dynamic and I do think there's something I find funny of like Frank  Marshall is so powerful in Hollywood, right?  You compare with Kathleen Kennedy who like the last fucking five years a cottage industry  has developed on people writing fanfiction about what Kathleen Kennedy is doing behind  closed doors.
  He is pulling out fully from whole cloth making up things that we don't know that.
  Right.
  Whereas he is like their reputations were tied.
  They are married.
  They were producing partners with Spielberg on like the best of the best run he had.
  I think it's from ET on or it's Raiders on maybe.
  Yeah, something like that.
  Yeah, it's like an incredible run basically until she goes off to do Star Wars and he  became more Jurassic Stewart and the pet projects and whatever.
  His movies he has directed tend to be a little goofy.
  Congo, Ape Below, Arachnophobia.
  They are not Spielberg level films.
  Sure, but I don't let people like Arachnophobia.
  I feel like fun movies.
  Yeah, fun.
  I think Congo's fun, you know, but it's like his producing work is so high caliber.
  Did he do the recent Bee Gees documentary?  Did I see that?  Yeah, I think so.
  Yeah, I like that was good.
  I've talked about on the show even I rock he loves he's a rock guy to that's what's funny  about him is it's not like oh this guy's a parrot head.
  It's like this guy is like the Gallagher 2 of Jimmy Buffett that you can see him put  on the shirt strap on the guitar get backstage and you're like, this is his second life.
  This feels like his real joy.
  I think his real passion and then shit were like Jimmy Buffett shows up in Jurassic World.
  You're like he's holding.
  It's all the little stuff like Jimmy Buffett doing don't bug me on the Arachnophobia  soundtrack.
  You go.
  There it is.
  And then like he's on he's guesting on different things and they're like pictures of him in  a plane with Frank Marshall 25 years ago and you're like, wow, they've been friends  forever and I'm glad you set up at the beginning this episode Scott that you think this is  going to be a clean accessible entry point for new listeners.
  Yeah, that's the goal of this episode not to get into Arcana.
  Happy you're enjoying it so much mythology that you get to you get to go on such a treasure  hunt, but I think you're making a good point, which is I think that Mike and Jason have  a pre-established language and dialogue about Buffett.
  Clearly I didn't know about this texting.
  Yes, I've been pre podcast because I think I think we were just delighted people are  writing articles about I remember people are like Kathleen Kennedy is under fire for  whatever people are mad about Star Wars or whatever and then I think I'm sending you  like Instagram posts like Frank Marshall like like arms around Jimmy Buffett with a  cocktail or something like as far away from there.
  He's just hanging out.
  He's living the life.
  Now.
  This is like I'm friends with all three of you guys.
  You have a group text, but also each of us has a separate text because sometimes they'll  be a conversation.
  Sure.
  I need to send this to all the other guys.
  You and I have our specific things we talk about Mike and I have a texture.
  We just talked about deals on action figures.
  That's right and gossip on social media, right?  Yeah, very quickly after his daughter was born.
  You were talking about deals and new avatar figure reveals.
  They look pretty good.
  Yeah, I'm at New York Comic Con and I'm texting Mike about meeting guys who are only known  within the action figure world.
  Yeah, and at some point I think I accidentally send one of those texts to our group thread  rather than yours and you kind of react with like this is fascinating hearing you guys  gawk about people I've never heard of.
  Yeah, could not imagine putting this importance on it's an alternate dimension.
  Like of course we do that.
  We have our guys who we do that with but hearing some like arbitrary dull name to me and I  was knowing these things a rock star to you guys.
  I just met Blaine are things today and Mike is like, holy shit.
  I think you said that's bigger than if you met.
  Oh Toby and well that was that was the Marvel Legends guys.
  Yes, I met the three Marvel Legends guys.
  I wasn't excited that you met Blaine are because I was very excited.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and he was that's bigger than right and you were sort of enjoying the like I like  that.
  I don't know this and I'm hearing you freak out about names that mean nothing to me.
  Yeah, there's an opposite effect going on with the Frank Marshall thing where there's  a presumption that you should know and care.
  That's right.
  Then angers you.
  I think that yes, I always the idea that I'm supposed to retain things now.
  I understand where Mike is coming from to be fair here because he's like it has come  up a lot.
  This should have made the impact but I think it was never properly established.
  Yeah, so it's been said but it hasn't it hasn't stuck in your craw yet.
  And as I said about the clown about like our day clown, I like there are certain things  that I am learning it and erasing it the pencil and is moving just barely in front of  the eraser.
  You never had all the pieces arranged in the right order.
  I by chance was similarly fascinated with Frank Marshall.
  Here Mike and Jason using short hand to talk about the Buffett stuff do the math in my  head.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, but perhaps for the common listener and even a common co-host of this show.
  That math was not so apparent.
  Well this I apologies Aaron if you don't want to be brought into this conversation, but  my wife I like when I explained Frank Marshall gate to her.
  She was like, do you talk about Frank Marshall on the show?  And I was like, I think we do but you are erasing it live as it's happening.
  It is not sticking with Mike's content.
  One of the top 10 guys I think is perhaps false.
  Did I say oh yeah, I guess.
  Well, this is when I caught re-listening to it that I was immediately I was like, how  did I not catch that one in the moment that you declare that which by the let me say this  part as we're deep into it now that the amount of build-up we're adding to this before we  explain to me.
  Yeah, no, no, no.
  No, no, no.
  He's confused.
  Okay, the the incident all this being said we that we were at the premiere of Jurassic  World Ride.
  Right.
  I'm reminded of this because of the arachnophobia clip.
  The name Frank Marshall was said Mike started grinning wider than I've ever seen like the  Joker like a Joker Jason change seeing your daughter for the first time.
  Yeah, no, it wasn't even close to that, but it was more maniacal when Frank Marshall comes  up.
  There was a sweeter smile with my daughter.
  This is one where I started feeling that feeling where I started to get horrified where I was  like, do I not remember Frank Marshall being there like, oh, yes, of course, Michael.
  You disagree.
  Let me let me wait.
  Your choice of word was horrified.
  This situation was high sticks and of it horrified was the word shares my feeling about him  and was actually horrified because he should remember he Jason knows he would be a good  boy and he should know that.
  Well, because I called there was a bunch of people out look there's so and so there's  so and so in the crowd, but that said I did feel better when we realized he did not speak.
  He did not speak.
  And that's the story.
  Okay.
  So stories to be told.
  The story is that it comes up.
  We're at this event and you might goes out of his way.
  The topics been changed.
  Mike goes out of his way to say now remember that we all went to the event where we saw  Frank Marshall speak and then we all did not remember this happening and you got very  argumentative voice raised.
  You don't remember Frank Marshall speaking to a friend.
  The tone is locked in my head.
  Now you pointed at us.
  Accusations that we did not remember a speech by this Hollywood luminary and Jimmy Buffett's  best friend.
  Jason is wondering if his memory is going.
  It is going.
  For you, you're saying I would have remembered.
  Which we have many things have established Jason's memory for sure is going.
  But then it turns out we had the better memory because we didn't have a memory of something  that didn't happen only reinforced by Scott.
  Did you post the picture of our view?  This is something you brought up.
  You said well, we might not have we might have had an obstructed view and you yourself  might have had an extra obstructed view.
  I always have an obstructed view with these kind of standing events like concerts like  the exact point of view.
  We had the group of people doing this photo op again.
  We're ignoring Chris Pratt big movie stars.
  Who cares?  Whatever Frank Mars.
  There's a big speaker in front of Frank Marshall ironically a speaker from in front of  somebody who was not a speaker at this event and you caught yourself.
  Yeah.
  Frank Marshall did not speak an executive name Ron Meyer spoke.
  So you were scolding us about not remembering a speech that did not.
  It did not have a right.
  Yes.
  And that's the story.
  Jason is is going.
  What does it say about me?  If I don't remember this I should remember this and you Scott are responding with the  attitude of I am angry that you are implying that this should be remembered in abstract.
  Yes, at that point the reality was that he did speak even if it did happen.
  Yes.
  And what could he possibly have done that would have made this memorable to me?  Am I doubling down on the you don't remember that ever speaking took the mic.
  He then of course says do you remember the fireworks because there was a big blast of  fireworks soon after this and I posited of course I remember when there was a bunch of  Sky that somehow was more memorable to me than an old man speaking who I unlike you  Griffin have never seen one piece of video of I've never been sent one piece of video  of him.
  You guys are the ones texting about I can't believe we're talking about this more and  longer so much certain listeners just delete your complaints about it.
  We don't want to see him.
  We have business to attend to in this garage and you know, you got to put up with bullshit  as a listener.
  So that said more bullshit.
  Would you do another direction you want to take this?  Well, I think look I you guys let me quickly just for context Frank Marshall was there.
  He was there.
  Yes, I just I caught myself on the episode about five minutes later after I came down  my blood pressure came down a little bit and I went oh my God, maybe I was wrong.
  Was it a different old man that taught was there?  It's like didn't say that but it was there a different person that talked and I'm  I'm not going to be misremembering.
  I did misremember he was on stage.
  There's clear as day pictures.
  He's there.
  I can identify him.
  The police can go we can go down.
  I'm sure there's a record of it there to prove that the pictures are fine the pictures.
  We do not need to involve the police in this matter saying this to the Universal City Police  and they have their own place.
  They were probably there protecting him that night because he's a national treasure and  they'll tell us yes, he was there.
  So I wasn't completely crazy.
  And as I said on the episode, it didn't even really matter to me and this is how this is my way out.
  This is your double down.
  This is my double down.
  Didn't even matter that he spoke just him being up on the stage elicited the same excitement  from me at the time and also you should have remembered that.
  So you should remember the guy walking a guy who I also in the moment could not see because  there was big audio equipment stopping me from seeing him.
  I needed to remember that something that I could not see or hear because he didn't do  anything with his mouth.
  So the target moves right it moves from I can't believe you didn't remember hearing this  man speak on stage in front of fireworks to he was one of many people on a stage.
  Seven people on a stage.
  Very crowded event.
  200 yards away.
  300 yards away.
  Many of whom most of whom are not Chris Pratt are not recognizable to the common man.
  They're behind the scenes.
  Even Colin Tremereau giving a very large speech about the power of storytelling.
  Right.
  I understand this.
  Of course I remember that.
  I remember everything he's ever done.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So I understand that.
  But yes.
  So he was up there.
  I caught myself luckily because I hate being I hate I hate misremembering but it's three  years ago and all I all I was remembering was the excitement of seeing him up there and  that's what the energy that was pulsing from my body when I was saying I can't believe you  don't remember was that he was on stage and I did feel the excitement was rushing back  to me.
  I think this serves as like your explanation for why you got so animated and upset.
  It's not I don't think you're putting on me that I needed to remember it.
  You're just explaining why it suddenly became you don't remember.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  That's why.
  Yes.
  That is why because I personally felt so excited.
  That was maybe the best celebrity sighting I had that night.
  Sure.
  So I was remembering that.
  No one here seemingly cares about Chris Pratt one of the biggest movie stars in the world.
  It just does not you completely threw him under the bus as an interesting celebrity  sighting.
  You get defensive about the idea that you think Mike is attacking you for not remembering  and then your retaliation is why would I remember that?  That's not important which makes Mike more defensive.
  Sure.
  Because I belittled Frank Marshall.
  Right.
  It becomes was this even worth remembering which once we then get to it never happened.
  It's an escalating argument about a theoretical.
  I now can see you've actually you've made an argument to me of why the episode was more  interesting than I thought it was.
  Yes.
  Now that you lay it out in these now that you're doing the like 10 part true crime series  about the 20 minute podcast fragments that we put out because also that we started this  as the top of an episode it got so long that we bailed and started the episode over something  we might have to do right now.
  I was going to say this is what we're doing again.
  But I don't want it behind the paywall.
  And I'm very happy to fulfill your you're the guest and we need to go with your wishes.
  I agree.
  Okay.
  We might have to sell but I do I do think there's a thing and I think part of what's  interesting about this to me is you guys just celebrated your fifth anniversary.
  That's right.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  It's a bit of a threshold crossed right.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Half a decade.
  In our world means something.
  You made something.
  Copyright on Jason Sheridan is still many years to go before it wears off and people can use  him in the public domain.
  We have to start splintering him into Sub Jason arguing that there's distinct different  characters.
  Jason has a different copyright date.
  Republican senators to go like please extend the copyright date.
  Somebody is doing like a twisted horror movie with Jason Sheridan in the public domain.
  We don't want that.
  It's not even a good movie.
  It's just the idea that they could do a fucking Jason Sheridan movie.
  That's years away still.
  I do think there's this thing though like the Doughboys Friends of Hours.
  Sure.
  Great podcast.
  The fighting has been baked into the cake on that show since the very beginning.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  For sure.
  I think it preceded the show.
  I understand.
  I think a very mean text thread for a long time.
  Correct.
  They're like the Lockhorns of podcasting.
  I want to hear every.
  Oh, Jason just looked up from his iPad.
  We tune in to watch them fight.
  And this is a thing that I think you cannot manufacture.
  Right.
  It is why we all look at the Doughboys with awe because we're like the dynamic is so perfect.
  Writers could not write.
  Created in a lab.
  And there is the underlying truth where like these guys do like each other.
  They are perhaps loathe to admit it.
  But if they really hated each other, the show would have ended years ago rather than every  episode ending with them saying we should end the show.
  Any time.
  They could do it at any moment.
  But they don't.
  David and I, my blank check host, David Simms, we've had these fights as well.
  Very early on in the show, we had a big fight where I started pushing forward the theory  that has existed for a long time in fan communities that the reason the Star Wars special editions  exist and why George Lucas does not allow the original cuts into circulation is because  his wife, his ex-wife, Marsha Lucas, was one of the editors on the original theatrical  cuts and by only putting the special editions in circulation, she no longer is entitled  to residuals.
  Whoa.
  Wow.
  David, the fight we got into about why are you still talking about this was very similar  to Marshall Gate.
  It was an early inflection point in the podcast where it's like, is there trouble in paradise?  Ah, oh, are you worried about us?  Yes, that we're headed here.
  I'm saying to a certain degree, it defies logic that you guys have gone five years without  this big of a blow up.
  But I think-  There's been, look, I mean Randy Gerber's the biggest-  Yeah, Transformers irritated Scott to the fucking moon.
  But I'm saying, I think this has been building.
  Some of these tensions have been building.
  Sure, sure.
  I think it's like, you three guys, you're friends to different degrees, right?  You come together, you go, we all have this shared interest, let's start doing this.
  In the beginning of the podcast, it's all about the unification of we know these same  guys.
  Yeah.
  Bob Gerr.
  This is a safe space where we can throw that name out and we all enjoy it.
  We all know these guys.
  It's a shared language that, yeah, we never even checked with each other about a lot of  things.
  And over time, the thing expands, the mythology expands, more things get pulled in from individual  lives and there starts to become this imbalance of like, you prefer talking about this and  dislike this more, you know?  Whatever it is.
  Not to like extreme, you know, sort of like fight degree, but those things start to evolve  and there started to be this thing of like Beach Boys versus Gerber versus 20s con artists.
  I'm so upset that you would pair those.
  How dare you?  But I think Frank Marshall Gate is actually a healthy thing to have happened.
  Yes.
  And to work through because I think if Podcast the Right is going to exist for another five,  10, 15 years, which I hope it does.
  Yeah, I hope so too.
  At a certain point, you guys need to learn how to coexist with when there's a zag into  one guy's corner.
  Ah, yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  When we're so thoroughly yanked into one guy.
  Without feeling like I'm angry, you don't care about this as much as I do.
  Or I'm angry, you're angry that I don't care about this as much as you do.
  Yeah.
  You know who could diffuse these sorts of conflicts among podcasters?  Hollywood super producer like Frank Marshall.
  Oh, because he's dealing with talent.
  He's got to diffuse, you know, the studio and the director and the talent.
  Our Country Bear patron episode got very contentious.
  He would have been perfect there to like mitigate some of that.
  Yeah.
  So Griffin, have you seen the Country Bears movie?  First of all, I have.
  I'll say I only I haven't rewatched it.
  OK, I saw it on VHS the year of its release.
  OK, I owe it another look.
  OK, I remembered liking some of it.
  Sure.
  That's essentially our opinion.
  That's what we've gotten.
  I said Jason hated it.
  Most urgent matter of business, we've got to make the game time decision.
  Is this the first 45 minutes of an episode or is this once again being spun off?  Oh, it's the third part of the Marshall Gate trilogy.
  It could be a bonus on the main feed.
  There are a lot of options here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I just think the question is, do we now think anyone who isn't invested in this narrative  has turned off the episode angry that we are not talking about?  Well, the question, do you care about Disneyland Paris enough?  And you're like, this is why.
  Look, it's why we bailed on a bigger topic.
  Yes.
  Because like what we've essentially been teeing up is like a trip report because you went  to Disneyland Paris.
  It's like something that like where we don't owe a lot of like a history of something.
  Right.
  Only the history of a weird thing that's been happening with us for the last.
  You know, it's yes.
  Let's say this is one episode.
  I think this is the choice.
  Yeah.
  I'll say you feel good about it.
  I do.
  It's your I do.
  I do.
  I do.
  Yeah.
  And I'll say that this was sort of just explained to be a little bit how we end up on this.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  My my brother James lives in Paris now.
  He works for a Parisian basketball team, which exists.
  That is a thing.
  He is like the the Jonah Hill and Moneyball to this team.
  Oh, wow.
  The question I get who does the analytics and tries to pick players.
  He's very good at this.
  I don't understand how his brain works.
  But you were saying you're maybe not a big sports person, but this you're fascinated.
  But like all what your brother this way he gets to.
  Yeah.
  Well, look, first of all, I went to two games with him.
  I had not visited him since he moved to Paris.
  He started he got this job right before the pandemic.
  And then he had to because the pandemic do the job for a year remotely.
  And then he moved out to Paris about, I guess, a year and a half ago.
  So you're not there since then.
  And I've not been able to visit.
  I've been overdue.
  And I was like, I love Paris.
  I would love to visit him.
  I'd love to go see a game.
  I have not been to Disneyland Paris since I was a very small child.
  Yes.
  You said you had gone a handful of times.
  I went as a child.
  Well, so when I was a kid and I was obsessed with theme parks and I watched that, what  was the show called Inside Disney World, the one that George Wormand World Inside Out.
  You watched that on the Disney Channel.
  I watched it all the time.
  Oh, man.
  I would say to my parents, why aren't you taking me to Disney World?  And my mother would say, I took you to Euro Disney when you were two.
  Don't you remember?  He would hold up a photo.
  I might have been younger than two.
  It was before my brother was born and and my mom couldn't have been far along pregnant.
  And there's a three year difference between us.
  So I was two and change at the oldest.
  And there was a photo she would hold up in my face to spite me of me as a toddler wearing  a Mickey Mouse rain slicker saying we went.
  It rained.
  We left early.
  I have no memory of this.
  And she'd be like, well, I took you.
  You can't say I didn't take you.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It sounds suspiciously similar to things that have been happening in this room.
  A little bit.
  My mom was trying to remember going to my mom.
  Your two year old memory didn't you remember the castle soccer blue?  It was the original commercial game.
  No, I love it.
  Oh, you just said a French thing.
  That was what you brought to the.
  I was.
  I was.
  What do I do?  But sure.
  I was.
  Baguette said you woke up and you're like,  Zachary, you didn't even know we were talking about.
  That's just how you wake up from naps.
  Zachary, Zachary.
  A response to survival instinct is a sacrableu.
  My my mother is French.
  She grew up in Paris so that we would visit sometimes.
  And when I was like maybe 10, if even that nine or 10,  my dad took my brother and I.
  This was when my sister was a little baby.
  So it was just the three of us and we went for like half a day maybe.
  Is this point in time pre the second gate, the studios?  Correct.
 OK, OK.
  Because what that opens to?  I believe so.
 Yes.
  This was late 90s.
  It would have been, I think, even mid 90s, perhaps.
  That was the last time I'd gone.
  And I've gone to visit Paris since then.
  Every time I do the thing that I you've sort of said when you went there  on your honeymoon, even as a man who hosts a theme park podcast going,  is this silly to be spending a day here rather than spending time in Paris?  Well, look, that thought did not occur to me until we was too late  to change the plan.
 It is.
  I was there thinking it is silly that we chose to spend so much time here.
  I would not.
 I would say go for sure.
  Yes.
 But be careful.
  I was happy that I went.
  But I think it is very much the nature of that place.
  The second you step foot on the grounds, you go, is it silly that I'm here?  Say the same thing with you.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And I'm happy that I went.
  But every time I've gone to Paris, I do have that thing where I'm like,  dork, I like theme parks.
 It's right there.
  It's a quick day trip.
 Sure.
  Is it silly if I go?  So I haven't gone the last couple of times.
  I plan this trip to go visit my brother.
  I reach out to you guys.
  I know I'm going to be in L.
A.
 afterwards.
  I know it disenchanted is coming out and I want to come talk about.
  And I go, I'll go to Paris.
  Let's find a thing that's like a fun, special occasion.
  But we could talk about a Paris attraction, which don't get discussed that much.
  Yeah, right.
 And the thing that was immediately thrown out was the New Avengers ride.
  Yeah, that's a new ride that's only in Paris.
  That's right.
 Yes.
  You were maybe the yeah, this is a very new thing.
  First, it opens to talk about event any of Avengers campus in Paris.
  I was like, that's let's just assume that's the episode.
  Oh, and I'll just I'll say this quick because you have to get this out of the way.
  You know, the ride is like a reskinned rock and roller coaster.
  Yes.
 So we're to keep in mind Aerosmith has been stripped from this.
  Yes.
 Ride travesty.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  I feel like you guys have talked about this principle a lot on the show.
  Anytime Disney has tried to develop a roller coaster with a narrative,  they often bump against this thing of it is hard to tell a story at very high speeds.
  You know, especially very fast.
  Yeah.
 With old technology like I know Guardians in Florida,  supposedly is a better at it because I'm very curious to see that technology is  better.
 Yeah.
 I built from the ground up trying to read.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Kind of can rotate you towards important stuff.
  But I've also heard like, yeah, a number of people are getting off this ride.
  Very nauseous.
 I've heard this as well.
  And I've heard this from people who love the ride.
 Yeah.
  I do think Terrifier 2 style and fans.
  Shitting puking.
 Yeah.
 Art the Clown.
  Art.
 I got it.
 Now.
 Now I got our guardians ride.
  He's pulling the levers.
 Oh, no.
  Soccer Blur.
 So this is  that was your mother is French.
  No, it makes sense.
 It makes sense.
  Yeah.
 No, no, no.
 It was really funny and I liked it.
  So this is this is Rock and Roller Coaster.
  This ride with this infamous launch, this very quick acceleration flat  into super high speeds.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Most of Rock and Roller Coaster, the narrative legwork is done by the opening,  because they know that once you're on the ride, you're not going to be able  to follow the story.
 So you're watching this whole video.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Douglas, Ken Marino.
  Then you get on the ride.
  And then at that point, all you have to track is the song.
 Yeah.
  It's I think even less in the Paris version is my recollection that like  you don't even get the the like the narrative of the road sign  or you go through the Hollywood.
  I think it's just lights and concert.
  It's like stay.
 It looks like staging more than it does.
  Like you're traveling on the landmarks of Los Angeles.
  You're going to hear a rock song, you know, while you're on a fast,  right, fast paced car ride.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  This a lot of the pre show stuff is in French,  which I do not speak anywhere close to fluently.
  I am not totally getting the pre show stuff,  which is there's not as much of a like pre show scene clear.
  There's just some screens around you.
  They're setting up some plot points.
 I understand who is in.
  What are you looking at?  Well, so the weird thing they do in Disneyland Paris is  a lot of French people are bilingual.
  Yeah.
 And you have a lot of English speaking  European countries, adjacent countries that come and visit Disneyland Paris.
  So a lot of the rides, the choice they make is  you have two characters and one of them speaks English and one of them speaks in French.
  Oh, which is what they do on Cars Roadtrip, correct?  Which I believe you went and we'll get to that.
  We're like Cruz de Miro speaks in English and Sally speaks in French, I think.
  And they're in conversation.
  They're not echoing the same points, like making sure it's repeated for both audiences.
  Very strange.
 One will say something and the other will respond in a different language.
  It's CGI Iron Man and Captain Marvel.
  I believe it really is Brie Larson.
  But I'm also like single writer, so I'm like breezing through the pre show thing.
  Right.
 And I mean, you were only there once.
  You probably should have experienced the line.
  I I actually and this is the point of the story.
  I fucked up.
 I fucked up.
 I really did.
  Thank you for admitting that you might have been more presure than anything,  even though it didn't seem like there was a lot of presure.
  I was joking and then everybody just said, yes, that's right.
  That's correct.
 They have all the signs that are like, don't go on this.
  If you're pregnant, if you have back problems, take your hats off.
  Loose articles, all this stuff.
 High speed ride.
 Right.
  And it's the only ride that on the sign says remove your glasses.
  Really? Oh, I feel like I don't see anywhere.
 Right.
  And you don't on things.
 You don't just like out of caution do it or.
  I never have thought to.
  I guess maybe if on a crazy upside down roller coaster, which I don't do a ton,  if they're like all loose objects, but certainly for Disney, where I'm like,  no one's telling me to take off my glasses.
  But I'm like, I'm going to fucking keep them on.
  No one no one before the ride vehicle goes off is like glasses need to come off.
  Right.
 That's like a six flags thing.
  Yes.
 Right.
 From Disney.
  They can't throw rides the expensive coasters.
  It feels like you should be able to wear whatever you want and it's not going to fly off.
  Right.
 But it is that thing where right when the thing is  about to take off and I know it's going to do that insane rock and roller coaster,  like zero to one hundred and fifty, whatever ramp up.
  I'm not one hundred and fifty.
 What is it?  It's like sixty sixty.
  That's just ever made.
  It feels so fucked.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was like, I'm going to feel like such a fucking idiot if I lose my glasses  in this flight in this ride, do I even want to take the risk?  So I put my glasses in my pocket.
  The thing ramps up and I quickly realize this ride is just rock and roller coaster.
  But three times it stops at a screen for 15 seconds.
  Really? And then you're on a screen for 15 seconds with Iron Man and Captain Marvel.
  Every other line is in French and I didn't have my glasses on.
  I couldn't see what was happening.
  Wait, it stops on the coaster.
 Correct.
  They just talk.
 How does it start again?  I don't know.
 It would just stop.
  And then there's a screen and I'm like, I can see a blurry image of CGI, Captain Marvel  and Iron Man in space fighting aliens.
  I could not even identify which alien race it was.
  And I know the Marvel alien races.
  I assume it's Chitauri maybe from the first Avengers.
  I don't know, but they were flying around.
  I was like, are they Skrulls? Because they were like in space.
  Huh? Yeah, I don't know.
  But but it was like and I'm getting half the dialogue.
  It's like 10 to 15 second show scenes.
  It's truly just a screen.
  And then the thing ramps up again.
  And that's not even it's full stop.
  It's not even you're moving kind of slow.
  My memory is full stop.
  And at that point, I'm like, fuck, I need my glasses for this.
  And I'm trying with the harness down to like fish my glasses out of my pocket  and put them on quickly and take them off before the ride.
  And I get off the ride.
  It's over like within, you know, a minute and a half because it's a high speed thing.
  And I step off it and I think I text him.
  I'm like, I can't talk about this ride in the podcast.
  I don't think it's good.
  I also really have no idea what I just witnessed.
  This is fascinating to me because felt really janky.
  What I'm interested in about is the stopping, because if it's stopped,  like what I from what I understand, which is surprisingly very little  about roller coasters are doing this show for five years.
  But what I understand, like when I Tony Baxter talked about trying to redo  Big Thunder out here because he was disappointed in the third part of it,  the third act of it, because it doesn't go as fast.
  There's the second part of Big Thunder where you're kind of going around.
  That curve is the most exciting.
  And but he was saying like, there's really no way because of physics  to get that last chunk going faster.
  So they put in special effects at the end with like the TNT and stuff  to make something feel like it's kind of a climax.
  But he said, like, you'd have to rebuild the track.
  There'd be no way.
  So I'm very confused by this.
  Did they add in like some sort of mechanics or mechanics that thing like  you're because you're on Hagrid's when you're doing the coaster.
  It's many times you kind of stop and then there's these things you go through  that kind of ramp you up like you're in Mario Kart and you hit one of those.
  You know what?  Little light up spots.
  That's what it felt like.
  Because certainly after the first screen stop, the ride never got as fast again.
  Right.
 Because I could I couldn't.
  I feel like it could.
 Yeah, it couldn't.
  Because Rock and Rollercoaster, I think is a pretty simple  mechanism where it's like you are launched and old.
  You're like shot out of a cannon.
  You just zoom momentum carries you the way the ride.
  And then you break sharply at the end.
  But yeah, Hagrid's or other more modern coasters.
  There's little launches along the way to account for show scene.
  I will say this.
  The show building itself looked nice.
  I think walking around the Avengers campus in Paris, it looks good to a certain degree.
  The walk around quality of it is perhaps better than Anaheim.
  I was impressed on that level.
  It's this ride.
  It's Spider-Man, which I did not feel the need to go on again.
  And then they have two different restaurants, one of which I believe  is called Tony Stark's Pizza and Pasta Factory, which I found very funny.
  That's very funny.
 Yeah, very funny.
  It serves little pasta in a cup and there's a Hulkbuster.
  And then there was a there was a Pym's kitchen.
 OK.
  And they they did really good show scenes.
  They have a similar sort of catwalk thing.
  But I think the buildings look more distinct there.
  I think it feels less like just a military base.
  It feels a little more sci-fi.
  And the show scenes I saw were really good.
  Avengers was the only thing I like wait online for for a little bit.
  But the single writer queue was outside of the building.
  I think that's where I fucked up.
  So you did miss.
  I would miss something maybe.
  But they did a good I saw Black Widow, Spider-Man and Black Panther  fight taskmaster.
  And it was fun.
  It was a good like 10 plus minute routine.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 They are similar like a show that walks kind of.
  The Dormelage came out.
  They did a sort of ceremonial like thing.
  All of that was good.
  But this Avengers ride is like the building itself looks good.
  The ride is kind of incomprehensible.
  And I will say because of the stopping and starting, it made me feel pretty nauseous.
  There was something very disorienting about just the like  you're done.
 You're at a screen.
  You're so overstimulated that it's hard to even focus on the screen,  especially if you only speak one and two languages that are being used  by characters on screen and your glasses are in your pocket.
  They tell you to take your glasses off.
  Yeah.
 Where does that leave it when you have captions and that's.
  Oh, yeah.
 I always say since I was a teenager, I've carried a glasses case with.
  Now I carry two glasses case with me, one for glasses, one for sunglasses.
  I mean, this is my but that is a pain in the ass.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  My advice to anyone going on this ride is either a leave your glasses on.
  I don't think they're going to fall off your face, OK,  especially if you're like wearing a face mask like I was the second I stepped off  the ride, I was like, I could have fucking looped.
  Oh, yeah.
 Your things around the glasses as extra protection.
  I would have been fine.
 Right.
  But otherwise, if you really want to cover your ass, get fucking like prescription  sports goggles, because otherwise this ride is nothing.
  Which is a tall order to go on one roller coaster.
  But otherwise not worth going on.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 Geez.
  Not a good by the way, decide and know the name of it even.
  It's called Avengers Assemble Flight Force.
  Yeah.
 Just a very six flags.
  That's right.
 And by the way, you only get two members from my memory.
  It's just Iron Man and Captain Marvel.
  It's the two.
 That's what I was going to say.
  I don't think they use that catchphrase when it's just like, hey,  it's the day shift and the swing shift.
  So whoever's taking over at night shift, get them up to speed.
  You know, wait a minute.
  I'm on there's not an official Wikipedia page for this ride, which is.
  I'm giving people proprietary information.
  This is not like, yeah, yeah, we have.
  I have never heard any of this.
  There is a full episode.
  It's we've less to say than Frank Marshall, but it does.
  Well, of course, obviously.
 Yeah.
  We measure these correctly.
  Did you look up any like YouTube  ride throughs or any like anyone strapped to go?  I didn't.
 Are there good ones on?  I looked.
 Yeah, there's OK ones.
  But it's hard to tell.
  The other thing is, like for most of the ride, you're just in like a dark  show building and you're just moving really fast.
  And so I really illuminate like there's not a lot there other than the screens.
  Can I read something off of I was saying there's not a Wikipedia,  but there is a Disney dot fandom dot com.
  OK, someone explains here is why in a ride called Avengers assemble.
  Yeah, very few Avengers assembled in the queue.
  Iron Man tries to  Iron Man tries to ask Ant-Man, Rocket Raccoon, Captain America  and Miss Marvel for help, but can't get their help as they're busy  in Ant-Man and the Wasp Nano battle at Hong Kong Disneyland  and Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout at California Adventure  and Avengers Avengers Quantum Encounter on board the Disney Wish.
  Yes, they can't.
  It's an original experience on the newest cruise ship now.
  They're busy.
 I can't.
 I'm busy on a cruise.
  Is that the one where Ant-Man is in Thanos's butt or something?  He talks about that he pitched the butt thing.
  Paul Rudd in the video on the cruise ship acknowledges the fan joke about  Ant-Man could have stopped Thanos by getting tiny going up his butt and expanding.
  And he starts explaining it on the cruise and Wasp says,  we can't talk about this.
  Oh, it's a little this was like this was a running joke.
  And then they kind of go up to the.
  OK, interesting.
 Whoa.
  Is fucking exhausting.
  You're telling me I cannot track the narratives of your Marvel attractions  unless I'm crossing multiple continents going on boats.
  You have to now speak French, English and Chinese.
  Unless you're fucking putting me on a boat that goes from Paris to Shanghai  and you know, people are going to see those three things in the correct order.
  This is actually they're pulling from the comics,  because like if something is heading towards Earth and the X-Men need help,  they will make calls and they're like, sorry, we're busy in the quantum realm.
  The Fantastic Four is busy.
  The Avengers are busy.
 Yeah.
  So it is interesting to see this applied because they they did  introduce all the Avengers campuses as like unique.
  The these are happening here and these are happening.
  What Jason's saying, and I may agree with him, is that I like it.
  This is the rest of our text.
  You like that there you don't.
  Here's wait a minute.
  Here's what I don't like.
  OK, you go ahead.
 Google first.
  You're all.
  Reminds me, the fights are healthy.
  This is all healthy.
  Your whole goddamn thing about Rise of the Resistance.
  It's not all my friends.
  It's not the characters and where is that?  Now there is a ride where we called the other guys.
  They're busy and you're like, I like it.
  Well, they had something to do.
  Hold on.
  I think Darth Vader had something to do in Rise of the Resistance.
  He's busy being dead.
  Explain.
  Well, we know that the dead speed.
  Well, you got me there.
  If there was a ride, though, where Darth Vader was in Hong Kong,  I would at least take some solace in that.
  I would say, OK, that comforts me.
  You like that the rides are in conversation with each other.
  I do like the rise in conversation.
  Here's what I'll say also, though,  there's plenty other superheroes that he should be calling.
  He has a best friend, War Machine, that could be there.
  Like he's not.
  Yeah, there are other heroes that are not represented on the other rides  who could at least flesh out a small Avengers team.
  I don't think it needs to be like the classic cinematic Avengers team.
  Like, I don't think this ride is failing because it's not.
  You can't call it Avengers with two of them.
  But I think you can just pick a grab bag selection.
  Four.
 Give us four.
  You need I'd say five.
  I think five is the minimum.
  Five is fine.
 What about what if Happy Hogan was involved?  What if Jon Favreau's Happy Hogan was there?  Do you count him?  I think he should be prominent in the pre-ride.
  I agree.
 On the ride itself, I want five characters with costumes  and or powers.
 Yeah.
  And if you're limiting it to they're flying there in space.
  Fine.
 We can pick five of those.
  They exist.
 Yeah, I agree.
  So what the room is group thought here is that as long  per Griffin's wish, we need three more heroes.
  But and with that, everybody being busy, we can't help is good.
  Well, Jason, do you agree with me?  I kind of like the joke of some of them are busy as long as we're replacing them  with anyone.
 Yes.
  Two is just not enough.
  I can agree with you.
  We agree with communication.
  We agree with that.
  We communicate.
 We're communicating.
  OK, to Scott's point,  like in comic books, the continuity very quickly falls apart  because the Dora Milaje are also in Anaheim.
  And Ant-Man is also walking around  in a high with like, oh, look, I got a little.
  And this is the galaxy's edge problem where it's like you're  tying yourself up in knots, trying to make this universe work.
  Rather than just doing the thing that would be the most fun at any moment.
  You should work backwards from what do we want this to be?  Let's figure out logic to get you to that instead of like,  now we've taken things off the table because of the logic.
  Fucking for theme park nerds in a garage right now.
  And we're saying we would prefer if you cared less about how much  we're tracking the internal logic of these things.
  Basically, right? Yes.
  Absolutely.
 We don't really care because we like things  where it's just everybody and you don't know why.
  It's a fun bonus if also you have those magical little connections or whatever.
  If things are shaking hands, there's there's a way to do it.
  Like if he calls Spider-Man, it's like,  I'm over at the web.
  Or man, what could he what could that kid have going?  And you just hear the chaos from the Spider-Man ride going on.
  He goes, you know what? Never mind.
  And it's right next door.
 That would be great.
  But I'm sorry, I was misremembering.
  It is that I didn't because I did.
  I want to bring this up, because I do think this is important.
  Disneyland Paris has a priority access thing that is expensive.
  It is a variable price.
  Sacrebleu.
 I know.
  But unlike all the genie and fast pass systems of the last couple of years,  the thing works pretty fucking perfectly.
  Wow.
 Sure.
 Wow.
  Only two rides I think it didn't work for were Avengers.
  Where you did Single Rider.
  I did Single Rider and maybe Peter Pan were the only two.
  But basically you get this app.
  You don't have to reserve any times you add it onto your ticket.
  The price varies based on how far in advance you get it.
  How busy the day is and all these things.
 Right.
  But it's one set price for whatever day you book.
  And then you get this extra QR code on your phone.
  And if you go to the entrance of any ride, there is a priority access thing.
  You scan the QR code.
 They go right this way.
  You're on the right within three minutes.
  You don't have to schedule anything.
 Really? Yeah.
  It works like a charm.
  Yes.
 Similar to the Express Passage Universal Orlando.
  It's exactly it's exactly it is so simple.
 Unlimited rides.
  You can do every ride one time.
  OK.
 The only thing it does not allow you to do, which I think is fair,  is priority pass twice for the same attraction.
  OK.
 But otherwise,  do as many rides until your heart's content.
  This is interesting.
 It's expensive.
  Yeah.
 But it works.
  It does.
 As opposed to like.
 Right.
  I mean, I just to say, I don't have to be said this on the show.
  I've seen, I've seen tweets about it and I experienced that.
  Honda mentioned holiday the last time I went that you do the you  you pay for priority and then you end up in a line  that goes all the way back to the lightning lanes.
  There's a lot of that where it's horrible.
  Somebody just said that posted on social media like lightning lane.
  You pay like twenty dollars for the cars ride  and then it stretches back to the cone, the cozy cones.
  And you're like, well, wait a minute.
  What am I paying for?  Man, the only thing you need to book times for is restaurants.
  OK.
 Whatever the Blue Bayou equivalent is and the Remy's restaurant  are like the two that are maybe harder to get a table.
  Is there a way it somehow didn't come up on the doorways?  I think I think it is blue by you there.
  It's got a different name.
 OK.
  It does have a different name, but it's a very similar setup  and looks like a fairly blue by you.
  I grew up by you.
  Yes.
 But Avengers was one of the only things I had to wait in line  that having been said, their single rider line happens  around the outside of the building, essentially,  and is basically the equivalent of the fucking Spider-Man Q here  in Anaheim, where you're like, nothing, nothing for me.
  Yeah.
 Meanwhile, I think everyone else is watching this fucking video.
  I was misremembering.
  I was like, did I not see it because I did the priority thing?  No, they fucked me for being a single rider.
  I still waited for 40 minutes.
  It was the longest I waited for anything.
  It was basically the only ride I didn't walk straight on.
  I got to watch this good show scene because being on the outside  of the building, at least I could see the catwalk.
  But without that, I missed this bit of all the other characters saying, I'm busy.
  You had to be here and find it out later.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean, this happens with stuff when they like retrofit  attractions or retrofit buildings where it's like, are we going in the old  fire exit or this used to be the regular out of the ride?  It felt like we were in a line that was used as a passageway for cast members.
  For 40 minutes.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
  And they get away with it with this idea that it's a campus and it's industrial  and backstage feeling, which, by the way, is the entire park.
 Right.
  I don't mean to take you away from Marvel if there's more about Marvel,  but that is like you have not been to this studios Paris Park,  which I over the years have been very hard on.
 Yes.
  I like I would say justifiably so.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  This is something I wanted to check with you of like, am I crazy or too harsh on  something that I don't doesn't currently, why does it seem to agree on?  I think they're making an effort.
 I think it's getting better.
  I think especially if they go forward with Galaxy's Edge and Arendelle,  it's like more than they're not doing Galaxy's Edge.
  Definitely.
 I've heard I could be wrong as well.
  But is it a settled matter?  Well, I don't think it'll ever be a settled thing.
 Sure.
  You know what I mean? Like they'll never say, no, we're not doing it.
  We're just like 20 years from now.
 They'll be like, it'll be obvious.
  They very much need two more things of that size and importance.
  Yeah, because I like Ratatouille, but that's not it is not a like,  well, that made my day.
  No.
 And look, the area is nice.
  The Ratatouille restaurant there is really cool because as opposed to an Epcot  where they sort of the what is it? Three chefs.
  The chef's to France.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Right.
 Because the rides right there, the new now that they've added  the Ratatouille ride to Orlando, they've sort of made that area  feel a little more like Gusteau's.
  OK, it's still just a French restaurant in Epcot.
  Yeah.
 As the restaurant in Disneyland, Paris next to the Remy ride  looks like the restaurant that Remy at the end of Rattouille, if you guys remember.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Ratatouille, Remy himself has bought.
  He now co-owns a restaurant with Linguini and Antoni Go.
  The critics spoilers for Ratatouille.
  I guess fine.
  And he is able to cook the meals with a little staircase up to the pots.
 Right.
  You've spoiled that they the Remy was not killed and didn't have been a trap.
  Human restaurant, human restaurant being served plates.
  And then there's a little rat staircase.
  And you see that up in the rafters, there's a rat restaurant.
  And this restaurant also serves rats.
  He's got smaller portions.
 His rat family is there.
  They finally accepted his art.
  And they have their own facsimile of a fancy French restaurant.
  But with rat size things, the tables are made out of buttons and thimbles  and whatever.
 And it's very cute.
  The restaurant there is like that.
  It's the rat size restaurant, which is really nice because it keeps you  in the headspace of the ride where it's like you were shrunk down.
  You were small.
 Oh, is that right?  I didn't go in there or eat.
  Did you eat there? I couldn't get a reservation.
  I walked through it, but I think the food is good.
  They got an extensive wine menu.
  They got a lot of options and it looks great.
  The theming is great, but it's a corner.
 Sure.
  The Toy Story land sucks ass.
  You weren't here for months.
  And I went out, Scott, I'm such a fucking slut for Toy Story.
  There is no way it disappoints me.
  And you're like, it's small.
 It's unimpressive.
  It's all not Disney World.
  You said I'm like all pretty much off the cart rides.
 Yeah.
  It's like an RC racer that goes like in a little  little up and down back and forth.
  I have never been this disappointed to see my best friends.
  I was like, even if I don't go on these rides to just walk around it  for a little bit, I will be happy.
  I did not bother going on one of the rides.
  I was so disappointed.
  Exactly what they are.
  There's not even going to be the quiet charm of like, of course,  it's an off the shelf, but you get to hear something John Ratzenberger did.
  Or whatever.
 It's like shitty, poorly rethemed carnival rides  with Toy Story characters.
  It is not very visually compelling.
  It is even built out to the same degree as like Toy Story land.
  I don't think it's even my memory.
  I was I breezed through it, but it didn't seem to me like even a Bugsland.
  No, like you might call if you're cynical, you might say Bugsland  was all off the shelf stuff and who cares bulldoze it.
  But now I've caught people were kind of I was kind of charmed by Bugsland.
  Yeah, in a way.
  So it's not a small area with three very tiny rides, all condensed into a very  is forky there at all.
  Not at all, because I was thinking maybe this would have saved it a little.
  And there was  there was a lot of forky merch for he does continue to seem to be a big mover  on the merch side of the parks.
 OK.
  I bought a little forky keychain.
  Thank God for that.
  Truly good.
 You got hit.
 God for that.
  But there was no forky.
  It felt like nothing from for period.
  There was a big buzz statue that spoke dialogue.
  It would flip back and forth between Tim Allen,  the man who they so rudely took the part away from.
  He will never get paid to be Buzz Lightyear ever again,  other than the 10 times a year he does.
  And if they decide to do it for some reason, probably well,  have not said they won't never stop getting paid to be Buzz Lightyear.
  They cut him out of one movie and it's the movie that no one likes.
  Buzz Lightyear, by the way, on the Disney Plus menu.
  And maybe it's just my recommendations really far on the recommended  like really the more down the new one.
  Yeah.
 Oh, that's another thing.
  In France, I believe that movie is called Le Claire.
  What Le Claire like L apostrophe, a Claire, E.
  Claire, like an E.
 Claire, Le Claire.
  What does that mean? I don't know.
  What? Oh, I don't like I.
  I feel like that's not his name.
  Like I feel like I've heard them say like Buzz Lightyear.
  You hear French people go like Buzz Lightyear.
  They just like adopt.
  They just jam English word.
  But I walked by the poster and I saw like the French version of the letter  March and it was L apostrophe.
  I believe E.
C.
 L.
A.
 I.
R.
  I am pretty curious what the entomology of Le Claire is and why.
  But there was there was that.
  There was like two fixed statues of Mr.
  Mrs.
 Potato Head holding an Etch A Sketch.
  You would see families walk up to him and be like, oh, cool.
  Does the screen change? It doesn't.
  They would stand there for 45 seconds and go like, oh, it's just the one image.
  And then it's this three.
  The the army men thing is a little drop thing.
  Perish or drop.
 But like a  a local traveling carnival size drop.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The RC is that thing where it's like a U.
  Yeah, that's not all the way up to one side, all the way back the other side.
  You're in a big RC.
  That at least looks a little cool.
 Yeah.
  And then the Slinky Dog thing is like, quote unquote, a roller coaster.
  And it's basically a perfect circle and it just moves continuously in one.
  It's not the Disney World.
  No, I have the answer for what Le Claire is.
  OK, yeah.
 Le Claire means the lightning flash.
  And the reason I have a Wikipedia open and Le Claire is an opera comey.
  Hmm.
 Oh, comic opera.
  But I believe the light year movie is called Le Claire.
  Well, let's take a look.
  Like, does light year not exist as a term and did they have to go lateral to Le Claire?  He's Buzz Lightning Strike or Lightning Flash Lightning Flies Buzz Lightning Flash.
  That's a good question.
 I don't know.
  I kind of like it.
 Le Claire.
  Mother falls to the floor.
  Something says Buzz Le Claire.
  I see multiple YouTube's that just say Buzz Le Claire.
  So maybe his name is Buzz Le Claire.
  That poster just said Le Claire.
 I think.
  So, yeah, because it's called light year.
 Yes.
  It's not called Buzz Lightyear.
  That's why because the movies call light year.
  So I guess it would be called Le Claire.
  Wild.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  Why has he always been Le Claire in 1995?  Was he Le Claire? Yeah, right.
  There's fandom Buzz Le Claire right here.
 Yeah.
  So I guess it is.
  I'll say I was such a obviously Toy Story obsessed kid.
  And my mother being French so badly wanted me to become fluent in French  that at one point she noticed how many times I was watching Toy Story and VHS  and that I could mouth the words along with it.
  And she had a friend in France in port, a VHS of Toy Story dubbed in French.
  But we've had to find someone to transfer the tape because it was pal  to VHS format.
 Wow.
  And then put it in the VCR and looked at me and said, now speak along with the movie.
  Wow, really? Yeah.
  I'm making my mom sound very much like Mike talking about the  Marshall Gate thing.
  But no, no, no, no, it didn't work that way.
  But she was like, maybe I can get him to watch this movie  and speak along with it over and over again.
  And one day, suddenly, he will know every word in French.
  Geez, that's right.
 How much did it pay off? Not at all.
  OK, I mean, look, good theory makes sense.
  Therapists have spent years trying to unlock why I can't learn French.
  But I don't remember the character ever being named Le Claire.
  And I've watched that movie in French.
  You know that part, at least.
  Yeah, that's really strange.
  But the new one is certainly called it.
  There's something that I that I'm dying to know about.
  And I want to make sure we don't get too deep without it coming up.
  It was even mentioned as possibly the main topic of the episode.
  Yes, that is the well, you know, I'd like you to say the name of the food that you.
  Yeah, absolutely.
 So Dix are oriented to run through the rest of  Hollywood Park, Hollywood Studios Park.
  Yeah, I did crush his coaster, which you had not done before.
  You said you were curious for me to go on because.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I didn't get to do it.
 Yeah, the line was just not.
  It's pretty simple, but it's fun.
  It's like an indoor roller coaster.
  And the big thing is that you're in a crushed turtle shell  and it spins around the whole time.
  So it's it's always chaotic and different because you're.
 Yeah.
  It's like it's supposed to be like when the turtles are on the East  Australian Current, there's a lot of blue lights.
  They play the Thomas Newman score.
  It's fun.
 It's a simple.
  It's a simple little thing, but it's fun.
  That very much seems to be one of those popular rides there.
 Yeah.
  And I heard that line is like kind of torture.
  Not much to see.
  So it kind of deflates an hour plus.
  That was one where I was very happy that I had the priority access.
 Yeah.
  Then I'm trying to think of what else is even there of note?  Well, well, there's cars road trip.
  Well, this is what I'm saying.
 Yeah, I'm sorry.
  I just want to make sure there was nothing else  I was forgetting before I get to this.
  Oh, there's the Tower of Terror, which is exactly the same.
  It's the it's the California Adventure one that we don't have.
  It's exactly the same.
  Yeah, right.
 There were no differences.
  It's the least remarkable at this point.
  I still enjoy that ride, but there was there were no differences of any kind.
  And that's that's still tower tower.
  They haven't flipped it to guardians.
  No, it's still Tower of Terror.
  I think those are all they tried.
  There's there's a cars thing that's like bumper cars  in a different part of the park.
  Like the two cars, things are spread out far from each other.
  Oh, I hadn't thought about that.
 Oh, yeah.
  From the start of Route 66 to the end of Route 60.
  It's like there's a run  that in order goes like crushes coaster, whatever the cars,  bumper cars thing is called.
  Then you walk through a little tunnel.
  And then I believe it's Toy Story land and then Ratatouille.
  And then if you walk further, take a long walk in that direction,  you get Cars Road Trip, which is the single worst attraction  in any Disney park I've ever witnessed.
  I listen to your episode.
  Oh, yes.
 This here's a second gate to fill you in on.
  Also, we discussed this on the second.
  This is this remodded ride.
  It was there.
 Pretty pathetic.
  Tram tour, a tram tour of locations that have never been used in a movie.
  They recreated the set of flown.
  Rain of Fire was not filmed in this Parisian field ever filmed there.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just found it notable because of the Matthew McConnaght talking about  eating ash, the dragon.
  I learned that in that movie.
  So if you go to the second gate, if you want to hear our thoughts about  a movie where dragons are eating ash.
  Watching YouTube videos of this ride, you had not gone on it.
  No, I didn't even do the tram to we were so kind of dying to get out of that park.
  We're like, we know what this tour is going to be.
  Let's not.
  We had gone on and told you firsthand that it was bad.
  Or did she just give the tip off of watching videos?  I think she went on it.
  I remember.
 Yeah, I did.
  But I listen to that episode.
  That episode was a lot of fun.
  The whole eating ash tangent was great.
  And you said, obviously, don't go on cars.
  And I was like, God, don't tell me what to do.
  I'm going to go to cars.
  I listen to that episode.
 I had a great time.
  Another fight.
 Why wouldn't I go?  No, no, no.
 We're communicating.
  We're communicating.
  But also, I was like, I have priority pass.
  Right.
 I paid for this.
  Fuck.
 Yeah, it's not going to be a big worry.
 Right.
  And you're there for you.
  Like you're partially there for trash.
  Yes.
 And this is the part of this.
 I'll say.
  So my brother was like, I'll come to Disney with you.
  But my brother has never been a theme park guy.
  Anytime we went when I was a kid with family,  he after like four hours and be like, can we get out of here?  And it was always this tension between us where I'd be like,  I want to be here from opening to closing.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And he'd be like, here's my bandwidth.
  Yeah.
 That was his case as a child.
  And as he has grown up, he has become less and less of a theme park guy.
  Which we were doing kind of an advice run.
  And I was I was trying to figure out which park you go to.
  And I was basically saying,  I'm going to pay for the priority thing because I think he'll stay longer  if he doesn't have to wait on any rides, any lines for any rides.
  And I was like, I should do one park in the morning before he shows up.
  He has work in the morning.
  He has to go to training.
  And then like their gym was close to Disneyland Paris.
  And he was like, I'll meet you in the afternoon.
  So it's the question of, do I do studios first or Disneyland proper first?  And I didn't know the answer either.
  It was something we had to talk about it.
  More thorough.
  I don't think he cares about going on the Marvel shit.
  Like I was like, the ride to his rides, the only ride  it feels like he would maybe enjoy it.
  Studios.
 I'll just knock that out in the morning.
  So I was like, I might as well do pretty much everything here.
  Yeah.
 So I got through everything pretty quickly and I was like,  let me go do this car's thing.
  Walking up, there is a food truck.
  Yeah.
 That sells an item called the Croc McQueen.
  I enjoyed it.
  I'm glad you said it, because I think I would have been more like croak.
  But correct me.
  Croak.
  Mm hmm.
 I texted you and I said, this might be the episode.
  Well, now that we're in it, if we're doing a mini croak, McQueen,  I've said, what are we dealing with here?  I go up, I see this thing.
  I'm so charmed by it.
  The truck is not open.
  Great.
 No, no, much like all these parks post covid.
  Some things just have not reopened.
  But also I was there in December 2014 and so many restaurants.
  That's what I'm saying.
  They had a what maybe the closest equivalent a park has ever had  as far as I can tell of like a pea, an actual pizza planet.
  Yeah.
  We're like, well, we got to go in there.
  Closed, gone.
  So many of some of the food options that sounded kind of neat.
  Yeah.
  On wanted.
  And like there's always been a Toy Story gift shop closed.
  And I'm like, it's Toy Story merch.
  Yeah, that's what you fucking doing.
  Want some toys of the toys, the most one to one toys there are.
  And this the cars on the road road trip thing is so far out  because you have to think about like if you've been to Universal Studios,  Hollywood, the tram tour has to be like a completely separate area.
  The loading from everything else, because it's like,  and now we're going to take you around a circuitous path  far away from where the rest of this park is.
  It would massive vehicle trains of four cars in a row.
  So you're walking so far to this abandoned area where there's nothing on the way there.
  And then I see this food truck croak McQueen.
  I'm laughing.
 I'm smiling.
  I'm trying.
 I want one.
  I'm hungry.
 It's closed.
  And I'm like, I want this.
  I now don't want to eat anything else.
  I've walked by other food stands, but I will be disappointed if I eat anything else.
  Will this reopen later?  May I come back later?  And I'm like, let me just do this fucking cars right now.
  I could just walk on it.
 Right.
  So I walk on it.
 You're hungry and mad.
  Yes.
 To start.
 Yes.
  I go.
 The ride is it is a tram tour.
  The vehicles have not been changed.
  They have not put Pixar eyes or mouths on them.
  You are getting onto a tram.
  It looks like a backlog tour tram.
  You're going to see alive cars with eyes.
  But you aren't in.
  And remember, in the Cars universe, all vehicles have eyes.
  But we are in the one vehicle in the entire car.
  No personality.
 You get in this thing.
  There's a video like we're talking about.
  I'm in the court.
  Yes.
 That's the only.
  We've removed the eyes.
  It's like Swiss Army man.
  You're riding a dead body.
  A farting rand.
 Yes.
  You get on this thing.
  There's a video screen that is Cruz Ramirez and Sally Carrera,  I believe, is her name, the Bonnie Haunt character.
  But she's speaking in French.
  Cruz Ramirez is speaking in English.
  OK.
 And you're hearing them respond to things that the other person said  in a different language.
 The other car, excuse me.
  But basically, this road trips could be a lot of fun.
  We're going to see some real sites.
  They're like hyping this up.
  And I'm like, look, you know, I have been told what this ride is.
  This is a converted tram.
  We are adding fake roadside attractions in the universe of cars.
  I will find this pleasant.
  I will find this pleasant.
  I love the universal tram tour.
  This does not need to be anything fancy.
  I understand this was a cheap rush job.
  That's fine.
 You ride through.
  They're like, look there.
 It's the biggest lug nut.
  You ride through a little further.
  Wow, that's a huge wrench.
  Then you go to these are not animated items.
  Static.
 Yes, they're just big things.
  As I remember, the wrench is pretty isolated.
  There is a static Lightning McQueen inside the lug nut, I believe.
  But the wrench is just on its own.
  There's a lot of just barren landscape.
  Just nothing.
  They're playing this video and they're playing this music.
  And then you pull up to the catastrophe Canyon Point.
 Right.
  Oh, and this is part of it that it's a it's a very universal tour type,  something where there's going to be disaster and fake rain and explosions.
  And that was left over.
  And it kind of looks like the red rocks of cars.
  So maybe we can mod that that might fold in directly to a car.
  So they put like an 18 wheeler truck there.
  I guess it's supposed to be like a gas truck.
  And it's there.
  And they're setting it up in French and they're like, oh, no, he's in trouble.
  I think we need to help him or whatever.
 Right.
  And it just felt like there was a lot of silence.
  And then the area shook for a little bit.
  And then like a water tower spilled over and a bunch of water poured out.
  And it's the thing where everyone in the tram goes like, oh, no,  am I going to get wet? And it does.
 And it comes up just short.
 Right.
  I was like, that's a weird beat.
  And then I went back and listened to the episode and looked at the footage  that you guys were talking about.
 He's supposed to be on fire.
  He's supposed to be in flames.
  The entire point is that the water is putting out the flames  and the fire wasn't fucking working.
  So you just watch a truck sit calmly in the middle of some rocks  and then water just pours on him.
  We try to get natural gas in Europe these days.
  It's got off the supply chain.
  Yeah.
 Fire.
  No fire.
 Anywhere.
 Not him on fire.
  Not any.
 Wow.
 Not a lick of fire.
  They move on to the next point.
 It's made.
  He's like, look, I mean, I've towered the branches or whatever.
  End of ride.
 Wow.
  She's with that.
  It's been possibly worse than our assumption, having not gone on  like three minutes total for a ride that moves very slowly.
  Is this a candidate for worst existing worse?  How about maybe worst Disney ride on the worst Disney attraction  I have ever experienced?  Wow.
 Things that I've experienced that are worse than this  are at parks that do not have the budget.
  I would cut them a little slack.
  Yes.
 Like I went on the fucking terrible dark night coaster  at Six Flags, Great Adventure, New Jersey, and you just you feel bad for them.
  That's terrible.
  But you're like, well, what could they do? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 There was no option.
  Even if the budget was this thin,  put up some fucking cardboard cutouts or something.
  Most of the time, you're just driving by grass.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like open fields from the video.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And the one thing you got to do is make this thing on fire.
  So then I leave this area, the truck still isn't open.
  I'm going to go on four more fucking rides and then have to walk back  to this area to hope the crockman's your truck is open.
  Go back.
 I do the remaining rides.
 I come back.
  The truck is open.
 I wait online for a while.
  I'm like, this better be fucking good.
  It's basically they got like a panini press with Lightning McQueen's face on it.
  And it's a circular ham and cheese sandwich  that they press on and Lightning McQueen's face is like toasted into it.
  I like that.
  I might want to consider this for the episode artwork.
  We should make sure we get eyes on it.
  It seems like one of the primary things we need to visualize about your show.
  Charming.
 And you're like, this is what this truck sells.
  Croc McQueen, baby bell cheese.
  OK, soda.
  I believe that is the entire menu.
 Wow.
  And I just got I got a Fanta.
  Wow.
 European.
 Yes.
  And I ate this crock McQueen and I felt so happy.
  It was like all the anger dissipated out my body.
  It was so simple.
 It cost like.
  Six euros.
 It was a pretty cheap considering.
  You're at a theme park eating a sandwich.
 Yeah.
  And a lot of my complaints from going were food oriented,  and it would have gone a long way if there was like this isn't gourmet great food,  but it's a good little like the good the swarm and Avengers like.
  So that's amazing if they that honestly is a huge boost to the park.
  If there's like one charming, cheap food item, that's the last thing I did in studios  and at least left me on a bit of a high note.
 Wow.
  You pulled it out at park and it wasn't a good thing.
  It was exactly like because you accidentally I don't know if you just noticed,  you accidentally said the name of the French sandwich.
  It's based on the croque monsieur.
 Yes.
  So is it is it was it exactly the same makeup as like this?  It's a ham and cheese.
  It's kind of a simplified version of it, but it is it is.
  And it's that's clever.
 That's funny.
 It is funny.
  I agree.
 It's the way it looked and it tasted good.
  The kind of like burnt black depiction of Lightning McQueen.
  Yeah, it's got a nice crunch to it.
  The cheese was really melty.
 It was like good.
  If I had waited online.
  Having to go back for the second time when the truck was open  and then it tasted bad and I was like, why do I fucking eat a bit  rather than something I would have enjoyed?  I would have been twice as angry.
  But instead, I was like that really hit the spot.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  I also it is so clearly in photos like Lightning McQueen,  which when we were talking about this, I was like, oh, here's the test.
  Show it to my two and a half year old who is obsessed with Lightning McQueen.
  Showed him a picture of that sandwich.
  And sure enough, Queen, one of the things he says, which I love to hear.
  So it communicated.
  And you show him a picture sometimes of Brian May as well.
  And he says that.
  Oh, we.
  But this is a good point is like I'm staying at the truck.
  I see the poster with the preview image.
  I'm like, is there any way the sandwich comes out looking that good?  Am I going to get this thing?  And the and the print is kind of blurry.
  And fudgy.
 And it looks like nothing.
  Clean, crisp image.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 I love it.
  Hard to find.
 Lines.
 Printing.
  I would love one right now.
  So I'm salivating.
  They should sell them here and they shouldn't change the name.
  How much does this make?  How much does this make you want to get there, Jason?  I feel like I'm watching your enthusiasm.
  Shoot.
 I am.
  Look, I'm not one too often set a pile of money on fire,  but I've allocated two days for Disneyland Paris of my adventure trip.
  Well, they will.
  Are you?  Oh, this is a catastrophic, catastrophic, catastrophic, catastrophic.
  I'm telling you, I'm telling you, a the commute to and from there  from any part in Paris proper is pretty quick.
  Sheep and.
 But that actually is more of an argument for him to go there  because that's going to exhaust him.
  Get into it.
 I hate that.
  I hate the travel.
  I need that two days to really spread out and relax.
  Even days.
 I think a better use of money would be one day.
  Both parks pay the priority access, get a hotel room there.
  OK, take the train back the next morning.
  You do not want to pay two admission days.
  I opened the Disney and I wonder if that would cost out basically to the same thing.
  Yeah, maybe.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Probably.
 Yeah.
  The Disney Paris website, by the way, is like really pushing  like right at the top of the home page, that Hotel New York, the art of Marvel.
  I mean, I was tempted by I just think it's so funny that they're like  the first Marvel hotel.
 That's the big bragging point.
  It's the first Marvel hotel.
  The theming is New York.
  It is a fake New York, you know, where some of the Avengers lived.
  It's such a like cake.
  It's a very it's one of those.
  I think it's that Michael Graves, I think, is the architect  who built the dwarves building that's near where we're recording.
  And it's so it's you can't they have to change every color on that thing  to make it not the most 1992 building, which I let now.
  That makes me I loved walking around that place.
  But I think if you're if you want current Marvel vibe,  I have to spend a lot more money to get it fully all the way there.
  Well, and to the phrase art of Marvel, to me means something.
  I don't know what it means to the Disney Corporation, because, yes,  to me, it means decades and decades of like hardworking artists.
  You want to be in a Ditko suite.
  That's what you're imagining.
  It's like, is this MCU concept art around the MCU?  It might maybe a little pop party like some Ditko or Kirby panels  that they blow enough and pop art.
  Here's what you want.
  You want to be in the Leifeld room with Cable and his pockets and his big guns.
  Yes.
 You support it somehow by the strangest feet you've ever seen.
  The Rob Lyle pockets, you won't want the bed to look like one of Cable's.
  Pouches, one of his pouches.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You want to button yourself in that.
  Climbing a Deadpool pouch.
  Yellow.
 It's an off color joke.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  So that's the art of Marvel.
  Yeah.
 Let's let's actually play out the day's argument a little bit.
  I think there's maybe a version.
  Well, I think you're right about like if you now you've you've done it.
  We did like too many.
  We thought we knowing ourselves and knowing that we like hanging out at Disney hotels.
  We blocked out a whole night.
  It's like we will get in.
  We will go around this weird their city walk and we'll go.
  Well, like hotel bar hop, essentially.
  And and we were that night war on us really quick.
  We did get a full day out of the Disneyland Park proper there.
  And then it was essentially like a morning at  at studios.
  I was tired at the end of the day.
  It was like a little like I'm on a train.
  I wish I was back in bed right now.
  You know, it was like an hour and 15 minutes.
  I wish I could have gotten back.
 Right.
  Maybe an hour and a half.
 Yeah.
  The appeal of at the end of the night, we're going to be tired.
  We'd love to just settle in.
 That's fine.
  Sure.
 You've done a whole episode in the Disney village.
  There's not a ton to do there.
  No, limited appeal to hotels just to be able to like take that train on a good night's rest.
  I think that makes sense.
  That is fine.
  But I'll say like my my brother wasn't sure which day he was going to be available.
  So we had to book the tickets late and the priority access late.
  And I think if you're actually planning this trip out in advance,  both are significantly cheaper and you can get on literally if you want to.
  You could get on every single attraction in both parks with time to spare.
  Well, you got the one day and go back into the city and stay in the city.
  If you want to.
  What I'd recommend to Jason, if you want to have a more relaxing time,  is I would get priority access.
  I would do everything and then say to hotel that night and take the train back the next day.
  Here's what I'd recommend.
  He cuts in town to half days.
  He gets in town.
  He takes two days at the hotel to relax from the train.
  Watch the French king of Queens.
  Which is a full season of French King and King of Queens.
  He does three days for both parks.
  Yeah.
 Then he takes two more days at the hotel to relax from that.
  Then he heads back, but only halfway back on the train.
  He stops halfway at a different hotel.
  I don't know what town it is halfway between Paris and the parks.
  Orly is the town, I think, that that the park is in.
  ORLY, I believe.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  It's funny that when it's not funny, but it's cute.
  When you're on the train, you're looking at the stops.
  There's sort of that map showing like the stops ahead.
  Orly has a little Mickey.
  Oh, that's nice.
  Oh, that's great.
 That's cute.
  Yeah.
 Do you think you're going to Paris or Tokyo first?  I don't know.
 I'm still speaking.
  That was purely hypothetical.
  The I also always want to.
  What I would say to parrot what Griffin said, doing Paris before  Tokyo would be catastrophic.
  You have to go to Japan.
  You should go to Paris.
  I've always wanted to see the city of lights.
  You will enjoy the city is one of the greatest movie going cities in the world.
  You have the finest food.
  It's people talk about the food of Paris and whatever.
  The thing I think is under discussed, the thing that is so impressed  about the food in Paris is that you can go to any place on a corner.
  And the quality is surprising.
 Right.
 Right.
  It's not about the fancy restaurants.
 Yeah.
  It's that they're like bras and cafes that are the equivalent  of like greasy spoon diners.
  You can order a steak and it costs $15 and it's good.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  And you have a glass of wine and you're like, this is the life.
 Yeah.
  There's neighborhoods full of repertory movie theaters  where they're just doing marathons all day of all the movies  you wish you could see on a big screen.
  And you just sit there with a bunch of other film nerds and it's fucking great.
  That's great.
 You should spend one day at Disney.
  Yeah, I would agree.
 You're right.
  I'm discounted because our time in Paris proper was amazing.
  And it will.
 True.
  I can't imagine not then doing the Disneyland part and going like we've  I've lost Paris time because we're here.
  I can wake up in a hotel there and recover and then take the train  and then enjoy another full day in Paris.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think that's my strongest advice.
  I think if you're if you're if you're evaluating like what are trips  I want to do in my life, that makes all the sense in the world  and going anywhere else in Europe.
  But if you're going purely if your theme park motivated, it's got it.
  It's Japan.
 Like, yeah, that wasn't percent.
  I think Europe, too, I would consider it's like, well, I'm on the continent.
  Should I like trek to Efteling or Gardaland or something like, you know what I mean?  A little.
 Yeah, yeah, totally.
  OK, so at this point, I jump parks.
  I jump over to Disneyland proper.
  My brother is meeting me now.
  There's this area.
 I start sending you guys a lot of photos  because I'm waiting for my brother to meet me.
  And I'm very charmed by this area, the sort of main street,  little plaza entrance area near where the train station is, is outfitted with  so many ghost sculptures.
 Right.
 Right.
  Still Halloween season.
 Right.
  Yes, I'm there mid-October, I believe.
  They got these funny ghosts.
  They are full body statues.
  They are not characters that exist anywhere in the Disney library.
  And they're doing little scenes.
  Oh, great.
 There's like a ghost playing baseball, a different ghost  pitching in the ball and he's swinging the bat.
  Oh, man.
 There's like a ghost caricature artist  taking doing a caricature of a ghost couple.
  Wow.
 They're like fancy.
  There's a ghost.
 There's a dentist office facade.
  And there's a ghost who, like, like he's from a baby Huey cartoon,  has like a bandaged around his head.
  Oh, man.
  What did this guy do to me?  And I just text me, you guys, and I go huge Sheridan energy  from all of these ghosts.
  I could imagine Jason's voice coming out of any and all of them.
  They feel like characters he would create.
  They feel like his best friends.
  They feel like they are the cast of a show that only Jason has heard of  from 60 years ago.
  But they seemingly don't exist out of the five.
  Just this holiday season.
  And they're just nice little ghost towns people.
  They are charming.
  I'm immediately in a better mood here.
  Yeah.
 Great.
 Disneyland.
  I like.
 Great.
 I've never heard of these ghosts.
  This sounds one fun.
 Yeah.
  Fun.
 And so many of I was like, oh, a couple of ghosts at the entrance.
  Can tell my brother like meet me by the ghost.
  And I started exploring around.
 I'm like, there are like 60 ghosts.
  They're like spread out.
 That's great.
  And they're unique.
  And they each got a little story to tell you.
 Wow.
  This is very similar to there's a lot of little egg  hijinks in the Easter season in Japan.
  Like and also where everyone is distinct in their little clothing.
  And these ones are golfing, you know.
  So I they should do.
  Why are they not doing this stuff everywhere?  I will.
 I took many photos.
  I will.
 I will send them so they can be posted on the social channels  when this episode comes out.
  I need people understand the photos I'm sharing represent  maximum 10 percent of the ghosts.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Cool.
 Cool.
  Awesome.
 Yeah.
  I could I could spend the entire day just capturing these ghosts.
  Hey, yeah.
 Yeah, we get that.
  I can assure you.
  If you go around Halloween, you might need that extra day to get the ghost.
  To get the ghost.
 Yeah.
  What a what a massive departure from your the first park.
  He went to that day.
  Just like theming.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And unique proprietary.
 Yeah.
  Who are these guys? Yeah.
  Some Parisian engineer going like, hear me out on this.
  Right.
 Right.
 Cast of ghouls.
  So now we hear we got it.
 Yeah.
  Wonderful.
 Now my brother's in tow and I'm like, I got to be very strategic  about what I put him on.
 Oh, boy.
 OK.
 OK.
 Right.
  So I'm like, let's prioritize Phantom.
  Yeah.
 And in a manner, and some manner, their equivalent, their haunted mansion,  which has a lot of similarities, but like it's not a fully different ride  than I mentioned, but a ton is is different.
  And it's like generally like the Western vibe of it.
  So you had said to me, that's really good and it's different.
  And I was expecting theme park nerd different where it's like, oh, yeah.
  You pick up on the slight this order and this and that.
  There's like a whole final act of the thing that is  unlike anything.
 Yeah.
  Oh, the town.
 Right.
  Go to like an underground Western ghost town.
  Yeah.
 And it has like its own characters.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's like, oh, sorry.
  I was going to leave the mansion.
 You leave the end of it.
  This is during the pandemic.
  We were like, let's watch it because I'd never seen it before.
  So we watched on YouTube.
  And it was still that's one that like being there will still fully.
  You'll look.
 But even just when you start to go down  and you're underneath the house and you're leaving the mansion,  whatever, you're like, this feels so different.
  The other thing we should mention, the pre ride audio,  when you're going through the queue and everything, I turn my brother.
  I'm like, that's a really good Vincent Price impression they got doing this audio.
  And then I look into it.
  It is audio that Vincent Price recorded  for the opening, I believe, in the 90s, when he was pretty close to death.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And when the park was opening itself and they decided not to use it.
  And it was like sitting on a hard drive for a long time.
  And they like remastered Institute five years ago.
  And you're like, I'm listening to the final unheard Vincent Price performance.
  Now, I love Thorolz Ravencroft, but it's pretty fucking cool  to hear Vincent Price get you ready to go on a haunted mansion.
 Right.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yes.
 And I believe like, oh, wait, does he  does he take kind of the spot where where would be ghost host?  Is that what you're OK? OK.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Everything up until boarding the Dune buggy.
  Yeah.
 I think for a long time and probably when I went on it,  there was the stray element that remained was a laugh.
  I think there was a laugh from Vincent Price that was still in there.
  So it was just a little kind of like, oh, do you know that's Vincent?  But like, what a cool.
  And then I think they put it back in maybe 17 or 18.
  And it's the thing where it's it's once again, it's two voices.
  It's alternating between a French guy and a Vincent Price.
  But there's a lot of Vincent Price.
  And you get on the thing and the plane, a lot of the hits.
  You got the singing boss, you got the ballroom, you got Leota and whatever.
  And then it just fucking veers.
  And you're starting to see this guy.
  I don't know this guy's name, but it feels like he's the hatbox ghost.
  A Phantom Manor where you're like the Phantom.
  I think so.
  Yeah, he's so skeltonate.
  Yeah.
 And he's got like a little bit of like a like an old timey proprietor vibe.
  He's got a mischievous energy to him and he's showing up a little bit like  it's a good version of like Jack Sparrow in the Pirates ride,  where you're like, why is this guy keep on popping up?  What's going on here?  And then the ride feels like it's slowly saying like,  he's going to fucking pull you into his own story.
  He's pulling you down to his old ghost town.
  Other thing that's cool, the house is like kind of like decrepit and rotting.
  There was that whole famous thing with Walt where he was like,  I can't look bad.
 It's Disney.
 It has to look nice.
  Everything has to look nice.
  Make it like a beautiful, you know, right.
  New Orleans man.
  And they're like, this is like an old French romantic  Gothic mansion that is crumbling.
  And then you're going into like ghost cowboy town and it fucking rolls.
  And I see my brother go like, that's pretty cool.
  The other thing I what I recall about my stride,  I don't remember a lot of specifics and story,  but I remembered like a full episode on this 15 years from now.
  You're done with the American.
 Yeah.
  We don't know the rules if they can go concurrently or if we have.
  Yeah, we don't know the rules.
 We've not decided that, but  it'll be whatever is the most complicated, I'm sure.
  But what I strongly remember is just vibe and feel.
  And that like I'm not scared by the haunted mansion, probably because I've done  it a zillion times, but I was like very uneasy in that.
  Yeah, it is like that you walk out with just a  just a feeling in the chest for sure.
  They it's so affecting.
  So we do that.
  Then we go to Big Thunder, which I was like, this is the best Big Thunder.
  Yeah.
 And you didn't think that.
 Yeah, I did.
  And I couldn't remember.
  I think I texted you and I go like, that's much longer.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 It feels like a full minute longer.
  And they fixed the issues I was talking about.
  Yeah.
 But it does have the grand finale, which as I've talked about,  I didn't get to do because that was my walk off.
  That was the greatest walk off of my life.
  Sure.
 While getting to go through like the big mountain pieces and the walk.
  The walk we had to take was so long because the ride is so long.
  And so to have to get all the way back to home base.
  So I had no regrets.
  But wait, why is it better at the end? Is it it's it's faster?  It's it does end more intense.
  That's what I that's what I've never been on it.
  But that's what I believe is the situation where it does feel like you  actually end on the like fastest, coolest part.
  Yeah, it like builds to a crescendo.
  And you're pretty like you're you're along the river.
  You're like you're like right next to Rivers of America for or what?  I don't know what it's called.
  On an island.
 Right.
  It goes under the river.
  It is Tom Sawyer Island.
 Right.
  That's why I think they have more space for it,  because it's on this sort of odd island to itself.
  You get these cool tunnels.
  It's really good.
  We were the order of my trip was like all the bullshit  was stacked for we did a lot.
  We had a lot of hijinks and like bad meals.
  And we didn't do studios first.
  But basically we ended up we were like we are down on the place.
  We are missing Paris.
  And it was not till the end of the day that we did  what you just talked about, Phantom Manor and Big Thunder.
  And that all made me feel like, well, this this frontier land is a triumph.
  It's incredible.
  It's like I cross over to the second park.
  I'm charmed by these ghosts.
  And then I go on two French versions of American rides that are arguably superior.
  I wouldn't say Honda Mansion superior, but it is so interesting and is.
  Yeah, it has its own distinct value.
  And then Big Thunder is better.
  So I'm like, they're doing stuff here.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  They're actually like this is there's there's some investment in this.
  There's some great deal right in 92.
  And of course, like the bones of it are incredible.
  It's I mean, it's the most it's Tony Baxter's full vision of  I'm doing a magic kingdom and it shows and they can they can't like  wash all that away even if they tried.
  And no matter how like janky the operations of it get or various aspects,  it's it's it's backstory.
  No matter what we do.
  And my brother's really into that right now.
  I was like, I don't know if I get him on a single roller coaster.
  Seemed a little nervous about he had a fun time.
  Then we go on Indiana Jones, which is fine and absolutely suffers  from being right next to Big Thunder.
  Oh, gee, they are next to each other.
  Yeah.
 And it's like this is kind of shitty or Big Thunder.
  Not a full not Indiana Jones Adventure.
  It's a coaster.
 It's the first coaster with a mine.
  It doesn't coaster.
 Yes.
  Which the loop is kind of fun and surprising because my brother was like,  does this loop? And I was like, it's Disney.
  Nothing loops.
  And then you you sure as hell do loop.
  And it's you're in like the mine cart from Temple of Doom.
  But it's not very well themed.
  It just feels like an outdoor coaster that's pretty small with one loop.
  You're in the thing.
 It's fine.
  It would if it was on a whole other side of the park, it was in studios.
  It would be fun.
  If you're on the order that we've been in, which is basically walking  through the park forward from the entrance.
  Yeah.
 You're going to hit Big Thunder first.
  And that's a knockout.
 Right.
  Right.
 Then we do pirates, which basically registers to me is exactly the same.
  And I'm like, having a great time.
 This is going on.
  My brother's like, I'm going to tap out and feel nauseous.
  Whoa.
 You nauseous.
 Yeah, that's very fast.
  And I was like, well, we pretty much did the two things that are coasters.
  Everything we would do after this would be like a pretty slow story writing.
  He's like, yeah, I don't know, but pirates made me feel sick.
  Oh, geez.
 And I'm like, water smell.
  That's his bandwidth.
 He's like, it's I love my brother.
  But it's like I knew I wasn't going to get much out of him.
  Yeah, I got exactly that.
  But I do feel like three of the best rides he went on.
  That's great.
 And he was like, yeah, no, I get it.
  It's good.
 I understand why you like it.
 It's pretty cool.
  Glad he went.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I knew he had to work.
  You know, he had to do the traditional 10 hour French work week.
  You know.
  Yeah, he had to put in his daily 80 minutes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He said it's funny.
 He's like, I mean,  I don't want to say too much, but like he is an American  working for a French basketball team and a lot of his work he ends up doing  is being the sort of conduit between American people and French people.
  And he's up against that thing where French people are like,  it's lunch, the day is done.
  And American people on a different time zone who he's trying to negotiate with  are like, we're sleeping 45 minutes a day.
  The rest of the time you are on call.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah.
  And it's like his office is like, got it figured out.
  And everyone he's calling is like, how dare you not pick up?  Which he does.
 He's very good at his job.
  He seems very tired.
  He has to basically work on both coasts at the same time.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah, geez.
 Fascinating work.
 Oh my God.
  Yes.
 Very, very fascinating.
  And going to games was the most I've ever cared about watching any sporting event  because I was like, oh, now I have an emotional investment.
  I want my brother to keep having this job.
  I want to see this team win.
 Pretty good strong.
  Now I know who to root for.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  So he leaves.
  And then I think I just kind of being out most of the things that are  basically the same, but fun.
  Yeah.
 C-Land's all pretty.
 Yeah.
  All well done, of course.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I'll say  Peter Pan doesn't do the track at the beginning that you go off of.
 Oh.
  It just starts and it's clearly visibly track above head.
  Oh, not like fake out on the bottom.
  And the fake, that's my favorite part of the.
  They lose the fake out.
 That was a bummer.
  Everything else was good.
  Small world closed for construction.
 OK.
  I don't think anything too special there as far as I recall.
  No, I go through the castle.
  The castle is beautiful.
 As you said, this beautiful time,  it backs your castle.
 It's really the Sleeping Beauty Castle.
  And what's cool is it has like rooms.
  There's like an art gallery.
  There's like a boutique shop.
  There's more of the castle you can explore, explore internally.
  And the other thing I pitched as the only other thing I thought  maybe was an episode, but it was pretty slight is underneath the castle.
  They have the Maleficent Dragon.
 Yeah.
  And it's a giant animatronic.
 Yeah.
  Sleeping there and angry that people are visiting it.
  And it's cool.
 It feels like a little hidden thing.
  It's not truly be kind.
  I know.
 Look for it.
 Sure.
  It's a beautiful time to try.
  It's like puffing and puffing and blowing smoke in that room.
  It's yes.
 It's small and cramped and creepy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You feel that steam.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Cool thing.
 Cool thing to put in a castle.
 Yeah.
  Best castle possibly.
  Arguably.
 I mean, I have not been to the Asian parks.
 Yeah.
  Tokyo is the same as Disney World.
  Yeah, I don't know enough about Shanghai.
  The Shanghai one is giant and really cool looking, but I don't know.
  Yeah.
 Hong Kong just got like doubled in size.
  Yeah, that could be cool.
  I wonder how that looks, though, because it looks a little chaotic.
  And also they have those beautiful green hills in the background.
  And so I think it is odd from my point of view to like obstruct the view.
  Because Tony, because it was the same castle as Disneyland,  which was a Michael Eisner saving money thing.
  But like I've heard Tony Baxter talk about before this,  like they talked about making the Disneyland Castle bigger, but it's too hard.
  Like he was like, it's hard because it's like a forced perspective  and it's going to look odd in relation to the rest of the park.
  So I wonder how that one ended up looking when you're actually there.
  Yeah, it's just this castle feels fully built out.
  Like I'm sure there is a bit of forced perspective, but it's also  there's like a balcony observation.
  Like hills are like fake rolling hills.
  Yeah, I love all the yeah, those are like terraces of grass.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Possibly.
  We've never talked about how we do the castles.
  It's never good.
  Oh, good point.
 Yeah.
  So I have any ideas.
  Castle month.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Or, you know, do we put them against each other?  Is it a tournament?  Castle battle? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Castle battle has a nice ring to it.
  Listeners, if you have any ideas how you want us to cover the castles.
  I end the day with Discoveryland.
  Yeah.
 I was looking for a late night snack, perhaps.
  There was a food stand, a Star Wars food stand that sold  Mustafar bites.
  Oh, speak of my language.
  That were essentially like jalapeno cheddar tots.
  Great.
 Were like blackened.
  It's good.
 Like like the burned parts of Anakin's body.
  I'll show you the picture.
 It looked fucking incredible.
  It was close.
  Oh, jeez.
 You got you lured us in our mouth.
  Oh, that's great.
 I know.
  I know.
 I clocked it like early when I got there waiting for my brother to show up.
  Like, oh, come back around and get that later.
  I want to end the night on Discoveryland and it closed early.
  They also sold desserts, which were like  Star Wars, like waffles,  like a Darth Vader stormtrooper and maybe Mando, like chocolate banana waffle.
  All right.
 They look cool.
 They look nice.
  I didn't get to eat any of this.
 I was kind of bummed out.
  God, so it would have been.
 Yeah.
  I did Buzz Lightyear.
 Is it actually the same? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I did Star Tours.
  I got.
  Kashyyyk.
 Yeah, the Wookie planet, the Wookie planet.
  And the other one I got was one I hadn't got before and I can't remember.
  Newer new sequel trilogy.
  No, I got two prequel trilogy planets.
 That's what I'm trying to remember.
  It was Naboo, Coruscant.
 Is it the Boba Fett?  It was Naboo.
 It was Naboo.
 It was Naboo because we went underground.
  We saw under the water and we saw Jojo.
  We saw Jojo.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that was fun.
 Mitch would have been happy.
 Yep.
  Two prequel planets.
 No modern.
  Mitch would have been happy.
 He would have been thrilled.
  I was thinking of him the whole time.
 I wish he was here.
  Oh, if only Mitch.
 If only Mitch.
  And then I'd Hyperspace Mountain.
  Oh, that's what now I can't track.
  What is what? That is Hyperspace Mountain.
  Yeah, which is kind of a bummer because it's like show building is so fucking cool.
  The ride itself is so cool.
  Yeah.
 The verne of it all.
  The Jules Verne vibe is so cool.
  It does just feel like the Star Wars stuff is a little hat in the hat.
  Yeah, I did feel like it's kind of done more with laser lights than screens.
  And you have sort of like space battles happening around.
  Have you done the one out here?  When it's like I have.
 OK.
  I don't know how similar it is, but it is one of those things where it's like  that is a semi permanent overlay.
  I think it has been that for at least two or three years.
  Has it been that straight?  They turn it on and off here all the time.
  I believe it has been straight this for two or three years.
  And they basically said it is this permanently.
  It's just a bit.
 That's a bummer.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I kind of wish I could have just gone on the normal version of it.
  Yeah, it is old enough now that I feel like  they would people would be so excited if they restored it to the original.
  Yes.
 Version.
  Now there's a nostalgic clamoring for.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  At least it still looks that way.
  I'm like Discoveryland is so up my alley.
  I will just like longingly stare at photos of it.
  And you got to see it at night.
  Yes.
 Night five is fantastic.
  Little neon stripes.
 I love that land.
  So now it's night parks closing.
  I think I'm most of our bites.
  I'm hungry.
 And I realize I think it's time for the main attraction.
  The thing I've been building up to all night, the most important part of this trip.
  Yep.
 The reason I need to go visit my brother before the end of this calendar  year, because if I go any later, I miss the window of operation  for planet Hollywood, Paris.
  Beautiful.
 It has arrived.
  It really truly is.
  It feels like the last classic planet Hollywood still in existence.
  It's the last stupid looking.
  It's the last the last stucco.
  A giant globe.
  It's really stupid.
  The the the the Disney World one.
  Same idea, but just better done.
  This looks like a miniature golf.
  It's like the planet Earth.
  And there's a there's a staircase going up to it  with a tunnel around it that looks like a birth canal.
  Sure.
  And I do our Ant-Man going up.
  Then you're getting ready to blow him up.
  And I walk up to this and I'm like, I know this thing is closing.
  People are astonished.
 It's still even open.
  Yeah.
 Is this going to be like decrepit and sad?  That feeling when you go to a place that you know is about to close,  you can't stop thinking about all the employees there who are about to lose  their job and you see the business failing and you're like,  I wish I'd been here in the halcyon days or whatever.
  And as I'm walking up to the entrance, I'm like,  oh, the place looks dusty.
 It looks bad.
  Like the fucking memorabilia and stuff.
  And I walk up and I go, oh, no, it's Halloween decorations.
  It's fake cobwebs.
  But I was so worried about it looking depressing that I took the Halloween  decorations at face value and I walk in and the place is fucking bumping.
  It is packed to the gills.
  Whoa.
 It is full of life.
 Really?  I'm on like a weekday night at like eight or nine p.
m.
  Do you think it's gathering steam because it's going away?  Do you think people are like, we got to get in there?  Well, I'll say this, too.
  The memorabilia collection, pretty fucking impressive, includes a lot of recent  stuff.
 What do we got in there?  So with my photos quickly, the thing I saw that I was very happy with  immediately was they had Dolph Lundgren's He-Man sword from the Masters  of the Universe movie.
 Oh, pretty.
  I was seated directly in between  Dustin Hoffman's outbreak containment suit.
  Cool.
 Oh, great.
 And Val Kilmer's batarang.
  I mean, what else?  At the entrance, full Tron costume.
  Yeah.
 Actual screen worn.
  There was a sign I saw that was like, I believe, like props on loan  from French Movie Museum.
  It feels like they got a good partnership going.
  So they're not pulling from the Earl collection of props.
  And it's not the rubber.
  They did they because clearly they just cranked out all those  demolition man.
  But of course, they had one of those.
  Oh, OK.
 Of course, they did.
  I got ahead of myself.
  But additionally, they also had some other stuff that looked like  some things that there aren't just seventy five of apparently rotting away  and like Australian goodwill's.
  Where was that found recently?  It was like some with some who was just founded.
  Yeah.
 Why is there a naked Stallone in this store?  I'm trying to remember.
 I think it was in Australia.
  It was like, yeah, it was for sure.
  But I know and someone and they did.
  I asked what the price was like.
  And the answer, I believe, was five thousand dollars.
  So I don't know how much that would then cost to ship to America.
  Well, look, you got to figure out getting animatronic trees out here.
  They figure out that shipping and then you can see rubber saloon  or saying a bit of rubber saloon surrounded by cobwebs.
 Right.
  They were really hard on the fake cobwebs.
  I'm trying to see what the other things were.
  Prop wise here that I'm.
  Do we have anything from a Frank Marshall film?  Has to be right.
  I should have clocked it.
 The episode hadn't come out yet.
  You weren't getting that.
  Marshall, you were in my world, not thinking about Frank Marshall all the time.
  But here was a reason one like a hip one that I was pretty surprised with.
  Tom Hardy's sweats from Venom.
  Well, I'm like, that's new.
  That's a new movie that people like.
  This is not like 90s prop collection.
  The manager had to coordinate a delivery like a delivery from a movie studio.
  He had a French manager had to like talk to the studio like Sony  and figure out how to get the sweatpants in a safe way.
  Giant Beetlejuice costume.
  Awesome.
 Oh, jeez.
  With the little carousel on top of his head and the hammer arms.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  I mean, you did mention the the great respect for the cinema.
  Yeah.
 Well, in in France, no other city loves the cinema more.
  And so it of course makes sense that the planet Hollywood  would be the apex of that love.
  The finest cinematic institution in the entire nation of France, would you say?  Do a celebration of the life and work of Godard.
  And then you hop on that subway to get down to that planet Hollywood for did.
  Jason, do you know, do you know a movie called  You're Never Too Young?  They had like a little sailor suit from that movie  next to a black and white still, and I can't tell if it's a Rooney picture  or something.
 But this was the other thing.
  It was like deeper cuts.
 Mm hmm.
  I think that's the movie where Babe Ruth meets the little rascals.
  Am I correct? Someone did tweet at us a pencil case  that featured a drawing of our gang.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes.
  Now tell me the part where it proves your theory.
  OK, and the baby.
  There is a pencil case.
  Someone also got a pencil case was a movie.
  No, no.
 Someone tweeted what I was thinking,  which is a short where a kid is bored by math lessons in school.
  And he looks outside and Babe Ruth is like, come on, kids.
  Oh, yes, I watched that.
 I liked that a lot.
  It was really cute.
 This is another second gate thing.
  I'm sorry we were dropping so much.
  But Jason had the theory that there is a film where Babe Ruth  interacts with the little rascals and that he had to do it because money was tight.
  Griffin.
 Yeah, this is possibly one of the most French things  you could see.
 Yes.
  You're never too young starring.
  Who else? Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.
  Incredible.
 Jerry was in the sailor suit with a big loli.
  So that was that was Jerry Lewis.
  Oh, my God.
 I had in the background of a picture and I couldn't figure out what it was.
  Yes.
 In the poster, incredible.
  The little sailor.
  This place was well maintained and was clearly operated with love.
  I got the L.
A.
 lasagna.
  I felt I had to.
  I regret to inform you.
  It was delicious.
  It was one of the better things I ate in Paris.
  I was disgusted by having that opinion.
  It was so good.
  I was expecting like even if I enjoy this, it's going to make me feel sick  and bad about myself.
  Yeah.
 Now, I don't remember if it was L.
A.
 lasagna came up  when we talked about Planet Hollywood, but like, well, you describe what it is.
  And also listeners Google image this because I looked at photos  and I thought it was so disgusting.
  I sent you guys a photo from the menus and I was in between the Captain  Crunch chicken fingers and the L.
A.
 lasagna.
  They had removed the branding from the Captain Crunch chicken fingers.
  Long, long ago.
  Our world famous chicken crunch.
 Right.
  And then the L.
A.
 lasagna was pretty hot.
  I was hungry because I didn't get those most of our bites.
  I was like, I could make a full meal of this.
  I would describe this as lasagna, giant lasagna, egg rolls.
  Yeah, that's a very good descriptor.
  Their description was a California twist to classic lasagna lasagna.
  They didn't say lasagna.
  They say lasagna.
  That's how you say it.
  With an E.
  They talk about fresh pasta tubes filled with ricotta cheese  and a homemade bolognese meat sauce deep fried to a golden brown  and covered with a garlic cream and tomato basil sauce.
  It was fucking great.
  I got a giant mojito in a goblet.
  You better believe it was a collectible glass  commemorating your dream.
  The imminent closing of this restaurant.
  Jason text me, he says, please get me a closing shirt.
  I go, of course.
  Oh, boy.
  This is a listener.
  Noah sent us this on Twitter.
  And I was thinking about it for ages.
  And I was like, well, what is the likelihood anyone I know will be in France?  And I forgot I knew you're going.
  I couldn't remember when.
  And you started texting us from Disneyland, Paris.
  And I this was our individual text.
  Yes, they were.
 You split this up because you don't want them to think about this  and get a shirt as well.
 This is your.
  He's trying to cut us out.
  Anyone else would care.
  But also, you had texted me when I was staying at the Margarita Hotel.
  You had done a shirt.
  You got a Margarita Hotel shirt.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  So I was like, which, by the way, did help you get the shot glass.
  I mean, this was a mutually beneficial thing.
  Yes.
 You got your little stamp on the card.
  Oh, I see.
 What did you get out of that deal, Griffin?  Well, this is where you could.
  Perhaps the balance is not quite even yet.
  Oh, well, I use that chocolate to water my plants.
  The people at the nursery.
  Meanwhile, Griffin's plants are dying.
  Yeah.
 No, he has no nothing to put out.
  No shot glass.
  So I said and I said,  only if it's not out of your way,  would you get me a memorial plant at Hollywood in remembrance.
  And I said, Jason, Gum, I'm having dinner there.
  I could not believe my luck.
  It is the final immovable part of my plan.
  I am eating dinner there by myself.
  I drink this great giant mojito, fresh mint leaves.
  I go down to redeem the clean glass.
  Yeah, right.
 All shirts by 150 percent off second.
  Oh, wow.
 What a deal.
  So Jason for Jason, I got a reveal in a second, the very classy.
  And it was sort of the same insignia that was on the glass itself.
  And this speaks to the spirit of this place.
  They're not depressed.
 They're not down.
  They seem happy to have ran it for this long.
  And people are there celebrating it.
  And they just got this classy thing that's like playing  Hollywood Paris, 1992, 2022.
  Wow.
 It's just a good run.
  This is a good run.
  We had a good run here.
 Broadway.
  So you paid.
 Yeah.
  I got a very weird shirt that is a green monster hand  grabbing the planet Hollywood goal.
  Cool.
 But it just felt like the weirdest thing.
  And it just says Paris.
  Huh? I got this bag here.
  This is bag.
 It says Paris bag, which is odd because like they probably  started consolidating merch because there was a planet Hollywood Paris, too.
  Yes, there was planet Hollywood Paris and planet Hollywood Disney Disneyland.
  Yeah, not anymore.
  You know, I'm trying to like maybe slightly consolidate  the amount of lungs I have in my life with some things in the storage, what have you.
  It's very hard not to just buy every single thing in the store,  because I was like, well, I'll never come back here again.
  Yeah, this is the last chance.
 Yeah, this is the last grass.
  But I got I got this shirt for Jason.
  I knew I was coming with this.
  It has crossed oceans.
 Wow.
  Right.
 Oh, yeah.
  Classic.
  Or it's ninety ninety six twenty twenty three.
  Wow.
 Yes, it is going to make it.
  It's so listeners, if you want to get if you're going to be there.
  You know, the very you can ring in twenty twenty three.
  I think it's January 7th.
  They close its first week of January.
  OK, you know, I felt a little odd coming all this way  with a gift for Jason and not for the two of you.
  Now, don't now look that way, especially because, you know,  look who's over there watching over us, baby, Aladar himself still in the garage.
  So they're staring right at you this whole time.
  He's still too sticky for Scott to let in the house.
  Since the last time I touched, I touched it to like move it from there to there.
  Yeah.
 And it and like, Jesus, it's so sticky.
  But also, since the last time I was here in the garage,  it really feels like there's a menagerie here.
  Whereas before, I feel like this wall was like Scott things, your visor.
  Yeah, right.
 A lot of that's your almanac.
  Now I'm seeing more PTR.
  I'm seeing Aladar, your art gallery.
  I'm seeing a little a little while.
  I'm seeing the blue 32 zipper pouch, the Disney plus day button.
 Right.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, it's more things that fit into the lore  of your favorite things that have been discussed on the show.
  A jar of Knott's Berry Jam.
  And I came here, I land Charles, right, that the mouse said was in.
  Yes.
 By the way, how do you feel about fundamental  being the way to do a Griffin Newman impression?  I texted Charles immediately and I said, I think you know that.
  I think that was really good.
 Well, well.
  And you didn't feel there wasn't self consciousness about like,  oh, do I say did it seem familiar? Did it?  No, I did.
 It's it's not.
  It's one of those.
 I'm sure you guys have this, but you're like,  how would I do an impression of myself?  How would other people make fun of me?  And I had never clocked it as a thing, but I think he's absolutely right.
  And I do think it's a word I put some extra spin on in the way of hammered.
  Right.
 Hammered little.
  I've heard fundamentally.
  I've heard very few of myself in one of the I was asking the question,  like, how would you do me?  And I asked this to people might have seen something out there  with a very funny Jenny Pearson.
  She did an impression for me that was hilarious, but horrifying.
  It's one of the only that was just so like scattered.
  And this and it was just like me maybe with party energy or something.
  And I it's burned in my brain.
  I loved watching it, but also it was like I'd love to never see  an attempt at an impression again.
  That's it.
 If anybody.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Right.
  I mean, anyone try.
 I'm curious.
  But some here, I land here, I'm here for like a week.
  I realize I only have the gift for Jason.
  I don't want to come with the.
  I was going to then mow you, but no, please.
  On the house.
 Oh, thank you.
  On the house, because I was able to write off the entire Disney day  as a work expense.
  Now that this episode is foreign correspondent for podcast, the right.
  I had to cover everything too bad.
  We just and so like make sure that  like if anyone from the IRS is listening,  like make sure that you listen to the entire thing  because you might have gotten lost in Marshall Gate.
  Yes.
 And what? Wait a minute.
  And he's writing off.
  He like why is there so much Frank Marshall?  There was a point where we were talking about maybe I should just pick  a different attraction, not from Paris and cover it.
  And I was like, if we do that, then are they going to audit me?  Are there going to be? Oh, yeah.
  It is the listeners in the IRS going like it's a fucking episode  on a ride that closed in Orlando in 97.
  It was never even in Paris.
  And they like, yeah, now they're working with they like  what's the they subpoena our listeners like now you listen carefully  to this bullshit.
  What can you tell us about where Griffin Newman was?  This is in October twenty twenty two.
  This is scary because like like say Scott, you know,  there's a living with the land fan in the IRS who loves podcast.
  The rise and acts to Scott might get audited  years in a row because of that controversial opinion that it's not good.
  They're already going after true patriots.
  How long until they go after fan of people who don't like the rides they like?  I was I was looking once I landed here for like, I should I should find gifts  for for Scott and Mike, just little things, right?  But you guys you asked me for nothing, right?  What do I get? What do I get for the men who have everything?  Right.
 And you had mentioned a recent episode that you had bought  a little gift for Scott.
  You might have bought the gift for Scott  commemorating one of his favorite characters in all the pop culture.
  Can go.
 You got a deep.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Pocket pop key chain of Kingo.
  Can go.
 Yes.
 Brian Mariani.
  Yeah.
 Turnals can go.
  Currency of Brian Mariani.
  Well, wait, let's build out a little bit of a Kingo collection for Scott.
  You like that pop pop.
  You might want some other Kingo merchandise.
  So what do you do?  What you is another pocket pop of Kingo,  but also another pocket pop of Kingo.
  And then a third pocket pop of Kingo, a combined six dollars.
  The guy at the GameStop asked me,  why are you buying three of the same character?  And I say, we needle my friend to like he loves Kingo.
  And then he said, I'll pull off the price tag  so he doesn't know how little money you spent.
  And I went, no need.
  But he did it.
 And say this out loud as I'm giving it to you.
  This is delightful.
 It's so funny looking at these.
  We'll post a photo of it.
  And with the fourth that might that might give me originally,  you know what? What's really strange here?  Let me go back to something I said earlier.
  I said that my son points at Lightning McQueen and says Queen.
  He I haven't told you this, Mike.
  He took to the King.
  It's one of his favorite things in the little toy room.
  And he points to it and he says King.
  He says King and Queen and Queen.
  The royalty to my son is so he honestly will be psyched  that there's a bunch of King.
  He's got a Kingo family.
  They had a deep discount.
  King of Marvel legend.
 They had a full size pop.
  There's some other Kingo stuff.
  And I think it's funny if he only owns the keychains.
  Yes.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  It's also it's the only thing I could name about Eternals.
  It's the only I have one word I couldn't tell you the story,  even though I watched a lot of it before falling the hardest asleep  I have in the last five years.
  Look, it's a very effective movie in that sense.
  Oh, well, someone hasn't tried extraction.
  Mike, I got you three of the new McFarland World of Avatar.
  They're not even blind boxes.
 They're blind terrain.
  I've heard.
 Wow.
 Yes.
  Inside are different creatures from the land of Pandora.
  We don't know who will be inside.
  Do I open them now? I think you should.
  As we're wrapping up, I feel like, yeah, we need to know what's inside here.
  You do them over the course of, you know, as we do our business here.
  Thank you so much, Griffith.
  Sure.
 This is funny.
  And how much you thought this?  Well, this is a needling gift and it cannot be a more sincere gift.
  This garage is becoming the Batcave.
  So the gift.
  Sweet.
 It's really a gifting suite.
  It's crazy how nice so many of our favorite guests are who give us things.
  And we're not we're not setting the standard.
  But no, no, you don't need to light it every time.
  No, I should I should mention this.
  I think I owe you guys for I in two weeks from today.
  Basically, I begin filming a movie in upstate New York.
  Oh, I basically have like took a couple of years off from acting on camera  and really focus on the voiceover stuff.
  And the PIP thing feels like the culmination of that.
  And I've really enjoyed it.
  And I was in this state post this.
  I was like, I don't know how much I want to do this anymore.
  Really? Yeah.
  And I've really had been auditioning less and all this sort of stuff.
  And my agent emails me and says this director wants to meet with you.
  I don't I don't know if I should name him for reasons.
  I'll bring up in a second.
  But it's what I go.
  Why? People will be able to put this together.
  But I'll tell the story in this order.
 Right.
  Why? And they go, I don't know.
  He wants to meet with you.
  Apparently, he has a new project.
  He's got a new script.
  There's a part he wants to play you to play.
  And I'm like, what is this? Right.
  Go meet with him.
 I'm talking about stuff.
  We're talking about the this sort of stuff.
  And I go like, I have to ask, why are you even like aware of me?  What is it that made you like?  Why am I on your radar? Right.
  And he goes, I have to be honest.
  I listen to podcasts, the right.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Now, which you had told us the beginnings of this and that you had the meeting.
  And now you are going to film.
  I only officially got the part like 10 days ago.
  He basically was like he was like, look, I'm a secret podcast, the right fan.
  Secret.
 He was like, I come out and say it.
  Say it.
 You know, I'll say it.
  He was like, I'm a secret theme park guy.
  I don't want people to think of me as a theme park guy.
  Sort of.
 I get it.
  I'm not outing him.
 Right.
  But he does not outwardly.
 That's why you're not saying his name.
  Like a theme park adult.
 Yes.
  I mean, people put this together.
 But and he was like, so I listen to his podcast.
  I've gotten really into it.
 I heard you on it.
  I really liked you on it.
  And then at some later point in time, I watched Search Party and I went,  that's the guy from podcast, the right.
 Wow.
  And then I started writing this thing in your voice.
  Oh, my God.
  And your voice base that involves your performance in Search Party,  which I love, by the way, and like your voice  comes out of what you do here.
  Well, the part I will say is more similar to the character I played in  Search Party than how it's more similar to that than you talking about our  Frank Marshall business in his head because of this podcast.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  If this person is listening right now, thank you for listening.
  And then thanks for giving this part to Grim.
  I'm so excited.
  And Michael Taberski, I'll name him.
  We're doing where I think it's really good.
  But I texted Charles Rogers about this  because I was bringing up the fundamentally thing and I was like, Charles,  I can't believe I forgot to tell you this.
  I got cast in a movie and the only two reasons I was cast in it  and you're the exact person to find this funny are because of podcast,  the right and search party.
  And Charles's response was, why am I not in this movie?  I have those two credits as well.
  Point.
 Yeah.
  Fair point.
 But but it truly bizarrely have now been cast in a film  predominantly because of this podcast.
  Wow.
 I mean, is it just do people think of Charles more as fundamentally  as behind the scenes? Right.
  That maybe that great actor.
  He's a great actor, perhaps fundamentally.
  He is more of an utter.
  That's great.
  Well, and so the precedent has been said, casting can occur  off of this podcast.
  This can be a platform.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So don't don't give up hope on the thing you baldly called out a couple months.
  Oh, you're talking about me when I begged for acting work for Jason  and I on this podcast.
  Sure.
  Look, I've said I was trying to play it cool here, but yes, no, I begged for it.
  I've said to you many times.
  That's how I remember it.
  I'm saying all the truth again.
  And then started shouting and yelling about Frank Marshall again.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't like first.
  I have had on camera in four and a half years.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  Oh, my God.
 Some of that's my choice, but a lot of it isn't like, you know,  it's a common, you know, pandemic was in there banging down my door,  you know, the couple of things I've heard for whatever.
  But it was it was very unexpected.
  I do think it is an affirmation that it is possible  that doing a podcast is not perhaps a career killer.
  I was starting to worry that maybe it's not like a circuitous  exit path from the industry you started trying to get into.
  Perhaps not.
  Perhaps.
 Good to know.
  Because I got to start setting up meetings next next week  for a remake of You're Never Too Young.
  This is what I'm saying.
  If you are similarly a director, writer, director out there  who is secretly a PTR fan, help me write.
  All our secret fans start writing.
  Mike and Jason Buddy comedies.
  They don't want to tell.
  This is Martin and Lewis right here.
  This is what I'm saying.
  Let this pin it in your head right now.
  He's the guy.
 Jason's the guy in the sailor suit.
  And Mike is the guy who gets hammered.
  Hammered in the tuxedo.
  Yeah, it writes itself.
 It's perfect.
  What's in the avatar packages?  OK, there are two of them are Navi.
  OK, might be the same Navi.
  And forgive me, I don't know.
  I can't identify.
  And then one of them is absolutely the Sigourney Weaver Navi,  I think.
  No, the new character.
  No, it's the original Dr.
  Grace Augustine in Navi form.
  I believe it's that.
  In her avatar form.
  I think these are all first movie.
  Because MacCrawlin's product has been two waves right now.
  The stuff on shelves is, in fact, from the first movie.
  And the way of water is coming out soon.
  It's all on preorder as way of water.
  Have you pulled the trigger yet?  I haven't had I haven't gotten any of them,  but I think it's very smart because I was waiting.
  Dorkside Toys dot com.
  Yes.
 Often has really good sales.
  They have great sales.
  You got to stay on them like a hawk.
  But MacCrawlin made a bunch of Princess Bride toys.
  And there's, of course, a Wallachian toy.
  It's finally, as of yesterday, nine ninety nine and in conceivable.
  Holds the trigger on that baby.
  I waited because it was like, you know, it started at twenty five dollars  or whatever, but I waited till nine ninety nine.
  I got him coming.
  He's coming home now.
  I'm sorry.
 What is it?  Is it the just Wallachian from the movie Princess Brice?  OK, I see.
  His character's name, very well seen.
  Vizzini.
 Yes, thank you.
  But so I guess what I'm saying is, even though there have been good deals on it,  I'm still waiting.
  Yeah, I think we'll there'll be a McFarland toys.
  Generally, there's a good discount period for most of them.
  So I'll maybe get a couple after the hype dies down for movies.
  But will it ever? I mean, I look, I hope it doesn't.
  But that's what my strategy is right now.
  Yeah.
 Well, if this is if this is winding us down,  then I think an important thing to do at this point is to say  Griffin Newman, you survived podcast The Ride.
 Yes.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Are there any chipmunk oriented projects that you would like to put  the Disney plus original film disenchanted that I think may be of some  interest to listeners of this podcast comes out November 18th.
  I think it is really good.
 I really like it.
  We talked about it when you guys were on Blank Check, but I auditioned  for Jiminy Cricket in the Pinocchio movie and was very bummed that I didn't get it  because I was like, it would have been cool to be the fun little animal  sidekick in a Disney movie.
  And then this part landed somewhat circuitously.
  And I could not be happier as to which movie I ended up  as having all experienced one of these films together.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 And and not the other.
  We have not seen this in Chantia, but I I love  I've been loving the drops because there had been PIP drops in both trailers.
  Yeah.
 Extra information revealed in the last one, which I liked so much.
  Got some range in this movie.
  He's he's got a couple of different forms he takes.
  There's a lot of fun stuff.
  And they did a character poster this week, which is a movie nerd is like a big thing  where it's like, yeah, there's an isolated PIP poster.
  That's great.
 God, incredible.
  Which is cool.
  So yeah, theme park connection.
  I believe you told us about this movie when we were sitting in the galaxy set.
  Yes, I believe so.
  It's it's been a very long thing.
  I mean, it was I  I got asked as a favor to fill in at a script read through.
  And they were trying to, as Disney is want to do,  get a famous person to play the role and more famous person.
  And Tom Hanks.
  Yeah, no, I was I was filling in and I was told explicitly there is no job here.
  Well, do you want to do this favor?  My friend Barry Josephson is the producer of the movie and produced the tick.
  OK, so you'd be doing me a really big solid.
  I know you're enjoying doing voiceover and you'd be on a zoom  with all these Disney execs and maybe some other thing comes of it.
  It'd be a nice little show reel to do.
  And I did this this zoom read and a week later, he calls me.
  He's like, we're going to hire you to play a German.
  Oh, wow.
 And it was a wild thing.
  And I truly have spent the last 18 months being like,  they might replace me at any moment.
  You know, I could be the scratch voice for this.
  I was told I was the guy,  but it felt so bizarre that it happened that way.
  Yeah, that the whole time it's been precarious, just in my anxious mind.
  Yeah, but I've really, really enjoyed working on it.
  And so fun to do.
  I mean, because like this enchanted is such a riff on the sort of archetypes  of the classic Disney princess movie.
 Right.
 Right.
  And so so often it was going like, oh, it's this type of scene.
  Uh huh.
 You know, like, oh, this needs to work by.
  I'm referencing that kind of thing, not directly,  but tonally, you're like, you have to hit these beats and kind of do it  with a little awareness of like, yeah, we're doing a trope.
  People will recognize it's a trope scene.
  So like how much do I play into that?  Yeah.
 And there was a thing.
  I'll say spoiler, but my my character is like the book ends of the movie.
  He like sort of narrates the beginning of the end of the movie.
  And so there's like the opening five or so minutes are me sort of  an insane thing is in the first movie, this is done by Julie Andrews.
  They do this sort of classic Disney.
  The book opens and they tell you the story.
  And in this one, I do it, which is wow.
  That's a lot about what's happened to the entertainment industry  in the last 15 years.
  But it's gotten better.
 Yeah.
  The first five minutes are like mostly me  marathoning all the sort of table setting for the movie.
  And we did it really early on.
  And I recently went back and I said, like,  it was the last thing we could sort of change still as they were like  locking the movie.
 And I said, and you go back and you do little lines.
  Every four months, they call me and I do a little bit, you know, they'd say,  we want to change this or this got rewritten or this isn't playing this way  or whatever it is.
  How literally I'm always curious about things like that.
  Would you go in and it's four lines or is it always a ton?  It was never four.
  The first day I did it, they were like, we're about to start filming.
  Or they just started filming on set in Ireland with the live action actors.
  And they were like, we need you to do the entire movie so we can replay this  on set for people to act off of.
  Whoa.
 So that was sort of like fairly rough first draft stuff.
  I was still figuring out the voice, but it was the whole thing.
  And then every time I went in after that, I was like, is it going to be a thing?  And they bring me in for just two or three lines.
 It'd be a lot.
  And it's like they shoot the whole live action movie.
  The animation comes in, they adjust things.
  There were reshoots at a certain point.
  It's like an ever moving thing.
  But I said, like, is it possible to redo the whole opening thing?  Because so much of it had been sort of getting replaced one line at a time.
  And the thing I picked up on it was I really think they screened  Sleeping Beauty in New York at the Museum Moving Image, which like  rarely do the classic Disney animated film get shown in theaters anymore.
  And like on its film prints, 70 millimeters incredible.
  And I watched that and I was like, oh, the thing I'm missing  is the musicality of the thing.
  And I was like, well, you let me do this again from beginning to end,  because it finally took me that time to realize  the thing that makes it work is the like,  da da da da da da da da.
  You know, it was like, oh, it truly has to be this sing songy thing,  even though I'm not singing.
  And then that was sort of such a fun thing to realize of like, oh,  I'm like figuring out the math of what makes a Disney movie sound like a Disney movie.
  So you're using the like you you went to that screening just to go to that screening.
  Like your film nerddom feeds directly into you get to use it.
  What's so cool about this part is I feel like so much of it feels like weird  karate kid wax on wax on stuff where I'm like all the things I've like hyper fixated  on throughout my life.
  I now understand like, oh, I understand exactly what the scene needs to be,  because I understand the trope we're playing with here.
  You know, they were receptive to you.
  They were.
 I mean, once again, I was like, I keep on thinking you're going to fire me.
  Sure.
 I keep on thinking of a placeholder.
  And I was surprised by how much they let me.
  And it was a process of earning the confidence to say, like, can I throw something out?  Can I try this? Is it more that or this or whatever?  But I really felt like it was a very, very creatively satisfying process.
  I'm really happy with how it turned out.
  And it's great.
 In my contract.
  Oh, go ahead.
  I feel like we I believe we didn't know how this was going to.
 Yeah.
  We're going to figure it out in my contract.
  It was the one thing I was like to my eyes.
  I was like, get this in there.
  If they do anything in the theme parks, they have to get me to do it.
  It's it's not.
  There's no Jim Hanks.
  There's no sound alike.
  Yeah, I am not.
  They're not getting your brother from Paris to do it.
 No.
  Although he probably does get balls.
  You can hear basketballs bouncing in the background.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 What's this line?  You probably could do a good impression of me.
  But but that was the so it's just like there's nothing in the works.
  There's nothing locked in.
  Obviously, based on the movie success, people want to see stuff or whatever.
  But it is like I got that in there where it's like if there's any other thing  where the character talks, if it's a toy or a theme park or whatever.
  Yeah, God, I want to still be the voice.
  You might you you made this be hammered out via reps.
  This had to be discussed and.
  Yeah.
 And it wasn't even like a money term thing.
  It was like you just have to call me.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  So you and you made good it.
  You got up to that.
  But like a like a dream plate to get up to.
  And you did like what you feel like you had to do.
  It's a movie.
 I'm making sure that I'm always.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Because I'll fucking ride this horse like Gad, if I can.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 I would be happy to ride this into the ground.
  I like this guy.
 He's a cool little chipmunk.
  I play him for 20 years.
  I do anything they want me to for this.
  Well, when the Mickey copyright expires, they're going to say it all.
  Remember, it all started with a chipmunk.
  It all started with a chipmunk.
  And then you're going to be the face of a lot.
  They're going to tell people it was Pipps the whole time.
  Yeah, exactly.
 There was always like Mickey drew Pipp on a train.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It was Mickey's drawings.
  So actually, he's more important.
  He didn't.
  Well, created Mickey's.
  It's Mickey's apartment now in Disneyland.
  That's Mickey's lamp moving everyone over.
  Walt first lives in Toontown now.
  Oddly enough, they just kind of squawked.
  Yeah.
 It's like the holiday.
  It's a holiday situation.
  Yeah, it's a holiday situation.
  Yeah.
  Well, we're so excited for you.
  Tamoshanter.
 Yes.
  Yes.
  I think you would have the right to go carve it into the table.
  I think nobody can say no to that.
  Get the knife out.
  Carve it in.
  Yeah.
  I'm carving Pipp.
  Get out of here.
 Get out of my face.
  We're so excited to to check it out.
  Excited for you.
  Let's just check it out.
  And good boy.
  I hope that if the next step is Pipp in the park, somehow.
  Just something.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Put him in the partner statue.
  Put him in.
  He can be holding Mickey's hand.
  It's the third, the lower tier.
  It's a little they step down.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  Beautiful.
  Well, excellent.
  Congratulations.
  Unless there's any more Marshall stuff to go.
  No, the only final thing I said, the only final correction, I just want to  settle here.
  Mike did, I believe in the Munsters episode, say that he  believed that I had also purchased a NECA  figure of Zombo, the character from the show within the movie.
  There was some uncertainty on my part, but yeah, you're right.
  I did not do that.
  I threw it out.
 The idea that I thought it was never do such a thing.
  He said, not only do I think Griffin owns it, but I think he texted me and said,  I need that.
  Well, I'm not angry about it.
  I'm not angry about these mistakes happen.
  We text each other about a lot of different products.
  What was the toy then you said you needed?  It was at the same.
  It was one of the San Diego Comic Con exclusive for twenty twenty two at the  NECA booth.
 I needed we were both trying to find the pre sale windows where they  were going to go up.
 You want to buy Zombo.
  Gremlin is what you want.
  I wanted Greta the Gremlin bridal dress from Gremlins 2.
  And I wanted the action figure of the poster from the thing.
  That's right.
 Yes.
  I got those.
  NECA made the figure of the poster, which is like that cool.
  Harco with the light coming out of the light coming out of the thing that's not  really in the movie.
 But I did not buy a Zombo.
  I have not bought a Zombo.
 I will not buy a Zombo.
  I do not need one.
 I'm not offended.
  I just want I have a reputation to maintain here.
  You need the directors are listening to this podcast about whether or not  apparently to hire us.
  You're a Zombo guy.
 You may not have gotten the role.
  I would not have gotten the role.
  Yeah.
 You would never buy a Zombo.
  You buy three Kingo by three Kingos.
  No Zombo's three Kingos.
  Zombo is not Kingo.
  It's not Kingo.
  OK, you can find us on the socials at Podcast the Ride.
  Birch is available in our T public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  And to understand what the fuck we were talking about for the first 45 minutes  and a lot of other stuff.
  And here's the best episode ever.
  What an ad.
  Wow.
 For endorsement.
  Judge for yourself by checking out Podcast the Ride, the second gate  or get one more bonus episode on our new tier club three.
  All that is at Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  We're heading, I believe, into a little Thanksgiving break,  at which point your assignments are to watch Disenchanted on Disney Plus.
  And also the whole family.
  Yes.
 Get everybody in there.
  Yes.
 Don't leave.
  Don't leave Grandma.
  No, no.
 She'll love it.
  Love Pip.
 Yeah.
  And as for us, we're going to be off on the main feed.
  But I think this is a time out.
  If you want to hear us do something, I think on Club Three,  we're going to delve into Kingdom Hearts and figure out what the fuck.
  Oh, that's exciting.
  I was a daunting hill.
  I haven't started yet.
  I haven't started.
  Yeah.
 Got the game sitting in plastic.
  Oh, you got the.
 Oh, you're going to play it.
  Yeah.
 I started going down there.
  I would hold during the pandemic and it's deep.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm not going to get to all of it.
  Sounds deep, confusing, bizarre.
  So check all that out at Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  Griffin, thanks for joining us.
  Great thing, as always.
  And just two exclamations, I think, to say at the end.
  One is jumping jelly sticks and the other is sacre bleu.
  This has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts  dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
