 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to what I would venture to guess  will be a rather icky podcast ride, the second gate.
  Scott Garen or Mike Carlson seems to agree.
  Yeah, I am here.
  I'm here and I am feeling icky.
  It's a really, it just shivers.
  You gotta shiver.
  We'll introduce the third guy.
  And then I think there's something though I have for you,  both of you that'll make this better.
  This whole situation better.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it'll make the little spoonful of sugar  make the medicine go down.
  Funny you say that actually.
  Ooh, interesting.
  Go ahead.
  I was driving over and I was trying to find the right word  and Scott, you hit the nail on the head.
  Yeah, it's not disgusting.
  It's not perverse.
  It's just this today's topic, baby land general hospital,  which not to, you know, I won't dive in  if you have some stuff, but real quick.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Yeah, just the cliff notes is it's the,  well, it's really the like the hub,  the epicenter of the cabbage patch doll,  the cabbage patch kids universe.
  It's like the tourist attraction of cabbage patch kids,  but mainly to understand the ickiness  we're referring to it as a place where you can see  cabbage patch kids get born.
  Yeah.
  And it is.
  It is the main show.
  It is as good as you imagine, I think,  as far as just the terminology they use  and the visuals and everything else.
  Real quick though, I'd like to, let's get the,  again, like that's, speaking of sugar,  let's get the holiday season started off right here,  even though I guess, you know, it's holiday November.
  We're almost at Thanksgiving.
  But we should because I have got you guys both  Oh.
  Boxes of Pandora flakes.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Geez, you found it.
  I found Pandora flakes at Target in Burbank over here.
  I have, of course have a box as well.
  And this, if you haven't heard us talking about this,  Tony the Tiger is, it's frosted flakes  with basically blueberry Captain Crunch pieces inside,  like the Crunch berries.
  Sweeties are, no, they, well, they wouldn't be marbets.
  Not marbets, they are sweeties, I suppose.
  And then they're flakes and sweeties.
  Okay.
  Is what the deal is.
  And Tony has.
  Oh, it kind of illustrates the difference  between flakes and sweeties, yes.
  Though the flakes are sweet, they are sugary sweet.
  They're frosted, but.
  Frosted flakes, excuse me.
  Wow.
  Captain, frosted flakes with blue Crunch berries in it.
  I mean, that's like a game changer for me.
  Is it?  Well, I remember when Crunch berries were.
  The game has been changed.
  When Crunch berries were just red  and then they're like, guess what?  They're also blue and purple now.
  I was like, let's fucking go.
  Yeah, no, I mean, that's good.
  I certainly, I'd like that low energy, let's fucking go.
  Let's go.
  Jason invented the phrase as an eight year old.
  Low energy, eight year old.
  Let's fucking go.
  My parents were like,  can you not use that word, you are eight years old.
  And you're like.
  So you were grounded for a year.
  But you had the cereal, so it was worth it.
  Some details now that I'm seeing this up close.
  The box is crawling with Ekrons.
  Oh yeah.
  Lots of those.
  I think I'm gonna say, we're gonna learn all about this  in Feliz Navidad, The Way of Winter,  but pronunciation, we may have been saying it wrong.
  I feel like having just seen the movie again.
  Might be Ekron.
  You might have a strong start.
  Yeah, Ekron.
  So there's, yeah, tons of those.
  Nice to see him.
  It's a real just resolute, determined Tony.
  Yeah, he's stoic, heroic,  whatever you would use to describe him.
  More going on subtly.
  It's the face we know, but the eyebrow pose.
  He's just, he's ready for war.
  Brow is furrowed, ready for adventure.
  He's not again been avatard.
  He's seemingly on Pandora with a new,  like multi-colored bandana,  and he's up for some sort of adventure.
  Yeah, well, which you gotta be concerned  because one of the main reasons that Earth beings,  I can't say humans, because he's a tiger,  people from, not even people, I'm sorry, I was right.
  Earth beings go to Pandora to pilfer and mine and pillage,  and I hope he's there to help them.
  I hope he's not a Parker Selfridge.
  Miles Quaritch, you dropped the ball.
  You dropped the ball.
  The company sent me to take over.
  He's worse?  Yeah, he's worse.
  I mean, he's a tiger, so yeah, he might like,  he's got some higher ferocity  than just like some mean army guy.
  I'm going to export flakes from Pandora.
  The Pandora is full of flakes,  and I will rob them of all their natural resources.
  Their flakes are 3% sweeter.
  This is a little goofy.
  Yeah, I don't have a Tony, so.
  Well, I should be able to do it  because I do the other Thorough Ravens grift.
  The Bro-y, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Mike, I just want to say.
  Bellowy, I meant.
  That's right.
  Great group, mine.
  Before you even revealed these,  I had pulled up the fandom page on the Avatar Wiki  because I couldn't pull the term tree of souls.
  I was going to say Babyland General Hospital.
  Sort of like the tree of souls for the Cabbage Patch world.
  Well, there's a tree in this.
  Oh, that's true.
  There's a tree involved here.
  Yeah, there's a nasty ass tree in this.
  I think, we'll talk more about Pandora Flakes  as we get closer to December, I think,  because you will have to have a full review.
  We'll all review it, obviously.
  Yeah, so let's stay away just from personal experience.
  Let's stay away from the calling it snack or whack  or anything related to.
  Okay, that's fair.
  I've been through the wringer lately.
  I bet, legally, yeah.
  Let's leave podcast segment division lines up.
  Okay, very excited to have these.
  This has given me the spirit of Civico.
  Well, just one more thing.
  Just this bandana that's covered with the design of,  that's another Avatar specific that we will learn,  but those kind of like billowy, the little insect  insect that are sort of like flying jellyfish  that are so slight and petite.
  There's just like.
 You see them in that quiet moment.
  Basically, yeah, yeah.
  Quiet moment on the ride.
  I love those guys.
  Yeah.
  Thought about buying a Christmas ornament of those  and it was like the cheapest plastic for like $30.
  To make what you,  like you just gotta make it out of dental floss.
  That's what you gotta do.
  Yeah, you're right.
  And like a scoop of jelly, you know?  All right, well this is among the things.
  We will have this all down pat.
  We will know the names of everything, all the mythology,  as the world might in successive way of water.
  But today we go from, not to somewhere as exotic  as the world of Pandora, but to Cleveland, Georgia.
  That is, it's Cleveland, Georgia.
  And we are sent there.
  This has been on the topic list for a long time  as suggested by Amanda Hasaka.
  Thanks, Amanda.
  Sorry it took a minute to get to it,  but now that we have,  I'm like, well, this should not have taken so long  because this is some PTR ass shit.
  It is very strange.
  It is very unsettling.
  And it's, you know, you gotta love anything  that is an excuse to dive into a pop culture mythology  that we have never done.
  We just talked about monster cereals.
  Yeah, it's somewhere between that  and like the specificity of it,  that it's a weird product that hasn't had a lot of like,  I mean, there are like animated specials  and stuff I'll get into.
  It's somewhere between that and like in a Barney.
  Right.
 Oh yeah.
  So with that said.
  I was gonna say there's also a guy.
  There's a new guy here.
  There's definitely a guy.
  There's a new guy who kind of don't even tread around.
  It's like, he's kind of a thief.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I, well, the only thing that holds me back  from giving him full guy credit  is just the lack of information about him.
  I feel like if we knew, he seems to like stay in the shadows  to stop us from knowing the extent of his guyness.
  Well, did you watch,  I watched a little vice piece on this that interviews  one Martha Nelson Thomas's husband.
  Yes, yeah.
 We've watched that.
  So they're all pretty clear on what they feel.
  I think they would all label this gentleman a guy for sure.
  I think he's a guy.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, no, for sure he is.
  I just like, we're missing out on,  because he's essentially been silent since like 1986.
  So we don't really know how much guyness.
  I wish there's probably a treasure trove of stories  if only we knew.
  He's a smart guy.
  Yeah.
 Guy in quotes,  because most of these guys,  after they do their guy stuff,  they keep talking and doing other guy stuff.
  And they, yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They have to reset entirely.
  He had a court case and they settle out of court  and he's like quietly disappeared from the public eye  with his millions of dollars.
  Shocking, shocking to just go quietly into the night.
  Is it, well, let me suggest this,  not to like sub, sub define or disagree,  because Guy has been in my head since we started talking  but Xavier Roberts, the creator of Cabbage Patch Kids.
  The definer maybe of it.
  That's a good, he under, like he added some mythology to it,  but yes.
  Is it possible?  That's true.
  I didn't know that the Cabbage Patch Kids had enemies  until I sat down and listened to their album, of course.
  Oh boy, okay, well that's a tease.
  That's something I don't know.
  Oh boy.
  Not to disagree with the guyness,  but is it possibly a disqualifier from him being a guy  that he hasn't just run his mouth to his own ruin?  Is that, well.
  Let me suggest this.
  Is it possible that he was a guy  and then he got smart unlike most guys?  Well, he's, that's a good point.
  What defines a guy?  Is it that a guy has to just not,  can they not be stopping until they're dead?  Do they have to continue doing guy things until they're dead?  Or can you be a guy once?  And then kind of like learn from your mistakes.
  Right, now we don't know if he's been redeemed or anything.
  It's just that he did a thing once  and then made a lot of money off of it.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, he's not as well documented as the other guys  who are constantly need attention.
  I think probably for the best.
  Maybe we should talk a little about  broader Cabbage Patch Kids stuff  and then we can land in this tourist hub,  Cabbage Patch Kids Central.
  Probably if you're familiar with Cabbage Patch Kids,  it's always presented as major 80s thing.
  It is like, cause there's always,  when you're defining eras, you always gotta go to the toy.
  It's the Tickle Me Elmo, like the giant fad.
  And it's a very early 80s fad.
  And that was huge, but it still remains around.
  But the main go-to probably a lot of people have is violence.
  Yes.
  In my head, it's always,  this has been presented my whole life  that this didn't just get popular.
  It got to be vigilante mob insanity.
  Local news.
  The lack of availability of the, yes, news thrived on.
  Local news, the shot of people banging up.
  Screaming.
  People upset, there's a picture of one,  I don't forget which video it is,  but like close up on someone's like a big cut on their leg  from the violence that they endured  during one of these like openings of a store.
  Yes, this has been mythologized, I feel like at this point,  but it is true.
  Oh yeah, I mean, we saw the later waves.
  I remember the Tickle Me Elmo craze  and certainly the Power Rangers craze.
  I was more directly invested in it.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  People going nuts.
  My question is like,  was there a Cabbage Patch Kids Stampede three times  and we've just seen this footage milked for all it's worth?  It's a good question.
  Or did it happen hundreds of times?  Are there listeners who like lost a loved one  in a Cabbage Patch Stampede?  I'd like to introduce, there's a character,  I don't know, a person I should say,  and he's a character, but he has a fun character name  that's a guy I watch on YouTube and his name is Pixel Dan.
  He's one of my toy guys.
  Guy meaning good guy, not guy.
  Like when we say guy.
  Well this to me is like,  yeah, if there's some just character we wanna introduce,  it's not always guy with a capital G.
  Like the one we just talked about,  Georgia Clooney's hairdresser.
  Sometimes it's just a name that you, the listeners,  need to be aware of to understand the show.
  You need to understand, yeah.
  The inflection when we say guy,  we need to make sure we underline what we're talking about.
  Yeah, because Pixel Dan is kind of a different beast  than Waldo Sancho.
  Yeah, Pixel Dan is a toy blogger.
  He's been around forever, vlogger.
  He wrote a book on Masters of the Universe.
  He just wrestled Matt Cardona on a show.
  Implicable.
  Bloodiest thing I've ever seen.
  Pixel Dan was bleeding, profusely.
  But he was interviewing his mother who worked at Venture,  which I've talked about before,  which is a like targetty type place  that we used to go to in the Midwest.
  And she had a story about Cabbage Patch,  very similar to the news stories  of people aggressively outside.
  So I think there's probably,  truth is maybe it wasn't like constantly everywhere,  but it probably wasn't just, you know.
  Once or twice.
  Once or twice.
  Yeah.
  Maybe the violence was only in a few places.
  It was just like a crowd worked into a lather.
  Yes.
  Yeah, it kind of doesn't happen nowadays,  because one, you can just winter anything off the internet,  or even secondary aftermarket on the internet secondhand.
  The other thing is that,  I've talked with people with kids above five or six nowadays,  they're just like, they just want Roblox gift cards.
  They just want Fortnite gift cards.
  So there's unlimited amount of those, you know?  Right, sure.
  I'm trying to think, yeah, what was the last thing?  People still will camp out kind of to get video games  that would line up at a GameStop or a Best Buy,  but it's not like-  It's about getting things first.
  Yeah, it's not.
  Not necessarily, you're gonna get it.
  You're gonna get it.
  And yeah, I'm trying to think,  the toys I buy, certainly when they started  the Turtles neckline, they were making a lot less of them.
  So sometimes you would walk into a Target,  and you would see a guy that's like  in a Camp Crystal Lake shirt that's about your age,  and you'd make eye contact with him,  and you knew you were both headed to the same section.
  Oh boy.
  I've had this happen a few times.
  Wow.
  You'd like fake him out and go buy some paper towels.
  No, you can't.
  You don't have time.
  You don't have time to fake him out, Jason.
  You gotta head back to that electronic section  in a Target to go look at the NECA section.
  So you get the big thing of paper towels,  and you accidentally throw it at him.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh-huh.
  Whoops.
  So I've seen, there's a little minor versions of like,  yeah, we're both, okay, and then like,  we both are like kind of like circling,  like kind of hunting through the shell,  go ahead, there's nothing here, there's nothing.
  Okay.
 And can you like,  cause you can sort of go like the North aisle above  or the South aisle above.
  Yeah, which way do you go?  Cause sometimes you can cut through like  the women's clothing section or something,  and that'll kind of cut down on some time  if you're not just gonna go on the normal,  whatever store lanes.
  Cause if you do, yeah, you can make a straight line  from the entrance to the electronic section,  or you can actually go around.
  Throw a bunch of stuff on really quick,  disguise yourself as like a dowager,  and now he's like, oh, that's just like a grandma  shopping for a grandson I don't have to worry about.
  And then you toss it all off and psych,  I am an older 30 something looking for a toy.
  Do they have Toko and Razor's animated figures here?  Oh, I must get these for my grandson.
  Oh, okay, well, here you go miss.
  It's for your grandson then.
  Oh, you go all the way, you talk to him as the character.
  I do a characterful character.
  You know, I was here for the last one,  but maybe I ought to have some heart  and give this bearded older woman,  this tall bearded older woman.
  Sonny, do you have, is that a chrome dome deluxe figure?  My grandson really, he must have it.
  Is it okay if I, I'll galpay you something.
  I'll make you a cup of porridge in exchange for it.
  Oh yeah.
  So you're from England then?  Yes, I am, porridge.
  So yeah, that's a version.
  So I've seen minor versions of Panic.
  When you know something's limited, there is a thing,  but yeah, mostly it's guys pushing 40  that are running back to electronic section.
  You are passive aggressive,  who never exchange words and certainly not blows.
  These southern moms in the early 80s,  they're like, they can't wait  to scratch each other's faces off.
  This is like wrestling.
  Current 30 something men are like,  oh God, I made eye contact or shit.
  Yeah, you're right.
  The 80s southern moms were like cutting  wrestling promos on each other in the aisles.
  Like with so much profanity.
  The ones who get it are so just like gloaty.
  I got it.
  I got it.
  Like they're in shoving it in the other one's faces.
  Was this a better time when America's Eid  was focused on getting new popular toys?  And then later on, it's just like turns towards politics.
  We had a new toy every year that every kid was like insane  for and the parents had to like spend months  trying to acquire.
  Would that have been better?  All the negative energy, all the hateful energy into that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, cause there are an argument to be made  that the Cabbage Patch riots are the original January 6th.
  Someone's working on their documentary filmmaking.
  They didn't storm the baby land hospital.
  Or did they?  Free the baby.
  Well, that's, you also like, I mean, if you're,  a whole thing of the QAnon thing is like  babies getting drained for their, what's the,  Adrenochrome?  Adrenochrome.
  I had ivermectin in my head.
  That's a good conspiracy thing.
  That's the dewormer medicine.
  That's what, that helps you.
  Adrenochrome is the thing that's in baby.
  If I, I mean, you know, if I were in Georgia  and I was obsessed with this stuff,  I might start putting my eyes on Cleveland, Georgia  and that hospital because like, they have a lot of like  fancy made up tonics and medicines.
  They're putting Imagesillin.
  They're putting Imagesillin in the dolls.
  They're putting Imagesillin into the mother cabbage.
  Wait, isn't it Magicsillin?  I saw, I've definitely seen Imagesillin.
  It's both.
  I thought it was magic.
  Wait, hold on.
  I thought it was like imagination.
  Or it could have changed at some point.
  Magicsillin does not seem unfamiliar,  but I for sure saw Imagesillin with an eye.
  They're saying Imagesillin doesn't hurt these dolls.
  I don't believe it.
  That is a weird, that is a very weird thing to say.
  Now this Imagesillin is not going to hurt  or harm the cabbage.
  Now they're talking about the COVID vaccine  as gene therapy.
  They're doing gene therapy at the baby land hospital  with the Imagesillin and they're telling you  they're doing all sorts of experiments here.
  They're putting TLC in these babies.
  Okay.
  I think they're putting three other words,  MKU, MKUltra, and then they'll be activated.
  We need to see these babies grow up.
  Let's see if they turn into,  you never see them grow up because maybe they don't,  because maybe they were taken into a back room,  drained of the Adrenochrome and the TLC.
  The TLC is reused.
  Brand it, brand it with Xavier Roberts initials.
  Oh God.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Okay, okay, okay.
  So yeah, we got to step back, step back.
  To keep barreling ahead, where did this come from?  And also, basically with Cabbage Patch Kids,  we have a new element to the G rated version  of where babies come from.
  Storks are involved.
  There are storks in this too,  but this adds a big new step,  which is that babies come out of cabbages,  that they are grown out of the earth like plants.
  Instead of the head of a cabbage, it's a baby's head.
  It's a baby's head.
  And at some point in the process,  the baby is shorn of its leaves, presumably.
  Although actually, the tourist place we're talking about  clarifies the difference,  where the leaves aren't on the baby.
  We'll get into it, we'll explain it.
  But so crazy mythology, these things blow up,  maybe primarily just on the basis of they are cute  and everyone is different,  and this cloth style is new and appealing to people.
  And it all comes in theory from Xavier Roberts,  who was referred to in all of their media  as a soft sculpture artist.
  Well, he was a soft sculpture artist  who started designing these little people.
  And it's all a little hazy.
  They don't got a lot to say about Xavier Roberts,  because, Mike, as you have implied,  and which is illustrated in this vice thing,  he stole it from a nice woman.
  A very unassuming nice woman  who didn't want anything mass marketed or commercialized  named Martha Nelson Thomas.
  Who wanted the opposite of what happened.
  Yes.
  She wanted to make nice custom dolls for people.
  Not for a mod of profit or anything.
  She liked to paint and do things.
  She was an art teacher and a folk artist.
  And Xavier Roberts comes to town and sweet talks her  and is like, I'm gonna sell some of these dolls for you.
  And I guess for a little while she let him do it.
  He was working at some sort of park type setting  and either ran the gift, perhaps did not run the gift,  maybe worked in the gift shop.
  He might have been a lower tier gift shop employee  who took these things they sold very quickly.
  Then he asked for more.
  And she said, I don't know if I feel comfortable with this.
  I think this man is going to steal the idea.
  Yes.
  And then he did.
  And that's what happened.
  She was right.
  And pretty quickly, yeah, he just took it  and took the design.
