 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  Hi, good to be back to regular names.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We don't have to belabor these.
  We know what they are.
  And there's Mike Glarl-Clarkson.
  No, wait, no, no, no.
  I can just go back.
  Mike Carlson, Mike Carlson.
  I would prefer if you actually were like,  Mike Carlson.
  You kept that.
  You kept that energy.
  We gotta spookify that too.
  Just, it's fun.
  We gotta come down from spooky season, I guess,  as we settle into, I was gonna say regular topics,  but how regular,  I don't know if you can call this a regular topic.
  Oh, baby, this is a micro-targeted one.
  This has been on my docket for a while.
  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
  It's hiding in plain sight, impossible to Google.
  Yeah.
  You can't even, you can't find it.
  No, no one's ever done any media about this.
  This is the first thing that's ever been about it.
  Jason is rubbing his hands together like an evil genius.
  Like a dog at a 40s nightclub  who was about to get a big steak.
  Oh, perfect, perfect time period for this.
  I went back, I found pictures I took in March of this year  to as like a reminder myself of like,  oh, let's talk about this.
  And we had talked about it before and then it came up again.
  And I'm glad I could still find these pictures  because again, these phrases are so vague,  it's hard to search.
  Yeah, this episode is about two posters.
  Two posters by the bathrooms.
  By the bathrooms.
  In Hollywoodland.
  The Hollywood, even I don't know the name,  it's called the Hollywood Studios back lot.
  What is this actual land?  Isn't it down to Hollywood?  Because it is now.
 Just Hollywood.
  I did find, searching some of these terms,  a Yesterland article from 2015 talking about like,  all right, now that California Adventure  has been totally redone,  here's all the stuff that doesn't make sense  in Hollywoodland.
  Here's like, okay, half of it is like  the golden age of Hollywood  and half of it is like facades, like girders and false fronts.
  Yeah, when's it set?  When does it set?  Why is there like art deco stuff and then schmoozies,  day one restaurants schmoozies still has that 90s sign  and off the page doesn't make sense.
  And then it's all about like moving past sound stages  and scaffolding to get to Monstropolis.
  Monstropolis is an anachronism.
  Yeah.
  A word wieners doesn't really make sense  in the time period either,  but they need a place close to the entrance  to sell hot dogs.
  Well, because Carthy is a classy place,  that's the old back in time  and you would think it would blend effortlessly  into old classic old Hollywood.
  It does for a few steps.
  And it does a little bit  and some of the buildings actually look okay,  but ultimately it's a bunch of like cheesy puns and  yeah, there's a ghost in here.
  But these posters next to the bathrooms,  next to off the page are period appropriate  for golden age of Hollywood.
  But like only this,  like what else around it is golden age?  It comes right after a show like that's presented  by Huggies Diapers.
  It's between an animation store and a show for toddlers.
  Yeah.
  And then there's a trip into the past,  into the thirties for bathrooms only.
  Yes.
  For like trade magazine, movie magazine facsimiles.
  So this has come, oddly,  this has not been a topic before,  even though one of them has been a PTR legend.
  That's what this,  initially this was a throwaway joke  of something that we could honor.
  Original IP, it really is like the original,  the California Adventure IP.
  And one of them, the previously mentioned one here,  I'll let you do the second one.
  I'll do the one that's been mentioned before.
  Because they're both from movie news.
  It's both, it's big blown up covers of movie news magazine.
  Presumably.
  Presumably.
  Or who knows?  Actually, that might be too big of a jump.
  Some entity called movie news is announcing  that America's favorite leading man,  dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot,  is Hollywood's biggest star.
  And then there's a dashing,  mustachioed man with a scarf.
  Yes.
  That's one.
  Then.
  Then the other one, with a woman on it,  it says America's favorite sweetheart,  heart is underlined, dot, dot, dot,  only one ellipses.
  America's favorite sweetheart is Hollywood's biggest star.
  Yeah.
  So really we're dealing with two characters here.
  America's favorite leading man  and America's favorite sweetheart,  who both are Hollywood's biggest star.
  Somehow.
  Yes.
  Yeah, they share the title.
  It's like best actor, actress at the Haas.
  We have like kind of a,  we have a binary,  so they both get to claim the title  for their respective, for men and women.
  Yes.
  I have looked at these for years.
  For years, when I've used it in the bathroom,  I always take a moment and try to decipher these posters.
  Cause it is almost poetry.
  It's like the Voight-Kampff test in Blade Runner,  where they read you statements  and see how your pupils react  to try and find who's a,  what is it, replicant?  Is that the term?  Yes, replicant.
  And who's a human being?  Like how will human beings react to the phrase,  well, America's favorite sweetheart  is Hollywood's biggest star.
  America, and it's,  when we said we should do this,  I don't think we got it right,  because the America Hollywood thing is very confusing.
  It would easy, you could easily say  Hollywood's favorite leading man is America's biggest star.
  Right.
  And just the idea that these are,  if they are magazine covers, that this is news,  breaking scoop, America's favorite leading man  is Hollywood's biggest star.
  But you could also flip those,  the second part could be the first,  America's, no, Hollywood's biggest star  is America's favorite leading man.
  That's, it's kind of, it's a,  what's, is it a palindrome?  What is it when the word loops in on itself or rhymes?  Oh, I know.
  Like tenet, what's the,  what is the word for what tenet is?  That's a good question.
  Oh, the same forwards and backwards.
  That's what you're talking about, right?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's a palindrome.
  That's a palindrome.
  Isn't it?  We might be using the wrong word.
  The second half of both these statements,  everything is unnecessary.
  The second half is implicit in the first half.
  Same backwards and forwards, palindrome, yeah.
  Palindrome, yeah.
  Second half is implicit in the first half,  and the first half is implicit in the second half.
  Yes.
  It's this thing that Disney does sometimes  where they make something so,  like you recognize what it is,  but they've made it so generic and so inoffensive  they have come up with like outsider art.
  Yeah.
  Like it's just a little weird.
  Well, let's be really,  because we don't have a lot to play with here,  so we need to make sure that we grasp these full phrases.
  Are we sure that,  is there a way that this is news?  Let's just really stare at it.
  America's, he's America's favorite leading man.
  This is the beginning of the story,  and, but he's entered a new phase of his life,  or maybe recently it's been determined  that he is also Hollywood's biggest star.
  Favorite and biggest, maybe there's a difference there.
  Maybe favorite is people's choice.
  That's like quality.
  It's not mathematical, quantitative.
  This is like the most quality actor or actress.
  It is now making the box office bucks  that make him the official biggest star in Hollywood.
  So what we're seeing is a marriage of critical quality,  audience fandom, and the box office receipts are there too.
  Like a Miles Teller situation.
  Didn't think a whole lot of him  or think about him before Top Gun Maverick.
  And after Top Gun Maverick, I'm like,  maybe I kinda like Miles Teller.
  Yeah, I know, it's a disturbing.
  But he was.
  I didn't like that thought occurring to me either.
  I didn't either.
  You had to face it after Top Gun Maverick.
  But if it was, if America's favorite sweetheart,  let's say America, I remember,  America's favorite number one sweetheart,  in what world wouldn't she be automatically the biggest star?  She's the favorite.
  Yeah.
  Like it just doesn't seem to me that they can be different.
  I mean, unless she was in a different field,  like she was a newscaster or something  and she was America's sweetheart, they'd call her that.
  And now she's the biggest star because she's in a movie.
  Let me throw an example.
  I'm trying to think of a real world example of this.
  And look, I think, you know,  what's confusing is this is 30s, 40s or whatever,  where I think those things are gonna be married more.
  Like there's less of a divide between what audiences want  and what they pay for.
  But now, like, well, he's not frequently mentioned  so much as all of his weird business partners are.
  George Clooney, who also acts in addition  to making phone calls in a boardroom,  which is what we value the most in people.
  But George Clooney sometimes acts in films.
  And I feel like those often box office wise  are not the biggest movies.
  That's true.
  Would you not possibly call him,  or at least at some point in time,  has he been America's favorite leading man?  You know, the movies are like Michael Clayton.
  That's not the biggest film of the year.
  But I wouldn't call him America's favorite leading man.
  You don't think at any point George Clooney  has been America's? I think at one time  he might have been.
  What can be the era?  I'm thinking post-Ocean's Eleven, I guess.
  Ocean's Eleven, post the 90s action movie,  post like the Peacemaker and Batman and Robin.
  You mean after that?  Post, yeah, after.
  Not during that.
  Post, yeah.
  Okay, yeah.
  Three Kings?  No, not very well.
  No, not very well.
  And he's still on the way up.
  Right, right.
  This is where, like, if he shows up at the Oscars,  everybody loses their shit,  and everybody makes the biggest deal of him,  and every joke at the Golden Globes is about him.
  But maybe that's not off,  maybe that's off of a little respected movie  that he allowed to happen  by breathing his star force into it,  but then he did not have any of the top 10 films  of the year.
  That seems like, maybe this,  I think this is the best example I could think of,  where maybe he's not, if you're not,  on a spreadsheet, he's not Hollywood's biggest star.
  Well, I think America's favorite sweetheart  is Hollywood's biggest star.
  Maybe Julia Roberts fits that one.
  Was she America's sweetheart?  And she was a big star for a while.
  I think she was both of these things.
  Yeah.
  Now, currently, we'll see.
  They're both going,  they're both in this very generic-looking film  that I think will not be Hollywood's biggest hit.
  But will they retain, will they be anyone's favorite?  Will this movie prove that?  I mean, I bet it'll be relaxing.
  I bet it'll be a calming movie.
  It's like, oh, okay, there's a couple movie stars,  and they're in an exotic locale,  and there's some young up-and-comers supporting them.
  Take Clooney out of it, though.
  Do you see how maybe it's possible  that America's favorite leading man  is not Hollywood's biggest star?  So I guess.
.
.
  So, okay, George Clooney fits the mold of your Cary Grant,  Rhett Butler, classic Hollywood guy.
  So I suppose he could be cast in the role  in the public's mind of America's leading man.
  Even though that wasn't true, it was in 2001,  I'm looking at it was Chris Tucker.
  It was other people who had much bigger hits.
  Bigger movie.
 Biggest star is what I'm saying.
  I think these maybe are, could be viewed as different ideas.
  Yeah, okay, Mark Wahl, Planet of the Apes, Mark Wahlberg.
  Like, Brendan Fraser, Mummy Returns is this year.
  You'd never at that time call Mark Wahlberg  America's favorite leading man.
  He could have been at some point.
  He certainly is now.
  I think.
.
.
  The show about all his business ventures  and Uncle Steve or whatever that was.
  Father Stu.
  Father Stu.
  Don't forget Uncharted, a quiet, a pretty big hit, I believe.
  So I think that leading man,  the phrase leading man is left over from an old era.
  Yeah.
  So I think Clooney has been, they've been trying to,  they cast him as that in the film media.
  Yes.
  For a long time, even though people probably,  there's bigger stars, they actually like more,  even though George Clooney is a perfectly good actor  and good movies.
  Yeah, I think it's fair to say at some point,  if somebody said, and here he is,  America's favorite leading man,  it's probably was said on a red carpet,  even if the receipts don't back it up.
  I think Clooney, Clooney may be a close one  that falls into it because he can kind of do it all.
  He had a television show, he was doing action movies,  then he was more critically acclaimed movies,  then he started doing like smaller movies and directing  and he's charming on talk shows.
  And he's handsome.
  Here's the thing, here's the issue.
  He's traditionally handsome,  which is, I believe, what people liked,  why he was cast in this role.
  Some of these other people aren't as traditionally handsome.
  Even a Tom Hanks isn't as handsome as George Clooney,  even though Tom Hanks way more success.
  But I bet you would say like,  oh, George Clooney's a better leading man than Tom Hanks.
  It's a very, it's an idea from the era.
  Right, but Tom Hanks is-  For some reason, leading man does imply,  look, I think to be the favorite leading man  or America's favorite sweetheart,  attractiveness does have to enter into the picture.
  Because that's the old style way of thinking it.
  Tom Hanks is by far America's number one leading man,  I think, for the last 30 years.
  But Jepetto, think about it all, Jepetto, the terminal.
  It's all-  Mr.
 Rogers movie.
  Mr.
 Rogers movie, Waltz.
  The moped one.
  Larry Crown.
  Larry Crown.
  Yes, Charlie Wilson's War.
  Charlie Wilson's War.
  But he's made so many-  Birds.
  Bigger movies that have made more money than George.
  Yeah, but this poster is more the golden age of Hollywood  when people knew these stars on the big screen  or movie magazines.
  He's got the affectations,  got a pencil thin mustache, a big scarf.
  So for leading man-  And some streaks of gray.
  So they think, so this is like  America's most inoffensive hot man.
  That's sort of what people,  that's what they're saying more than leading man  in the sense that it can open a movie.
  Well, that might be true,  but I think you might be dehumanizing and devaluing  what could be great onscreen work  from this unnamed man in the poster.
  Who kind of looks-  Inoffensive implies that maybe the stuff isn't that good.
  I'm just saying, George doesn't really have an edge.
  I would say George is a perfectly charming guy  and I like watching him in a lot of movies,  but he's not edgy.
  He doesn't feel like he's got a dark side.
  He doesn't have a collateral in his thing.
  Does he?  Does he overplay like a murderer?  Is that the American?  I've never seen the American.
  Look, at some point, we're not,  George Clooney was an example.
  We're not talking about George.
  We're talking about this guy.
  This guy.
 This guy in this poster.
  Who kind of looks like Clark Gable.
  You brought up a good example  and I'm trying to deconstruct what people might mean  by leading man.
  Yes.
  To understand what the poster is getting at.
  My fear is that you're staying on George Clooney  because you love the fucking tequila thing so much.
  No, it's nothing to do with the tequila thing.
  I haven't talked about tequila.
  I'm talking about the films of George Clooney.
  Nothing to do with tequila.
  I think you have to go back further.
  Let's go back further.
  I'm just afraid of where we're heading.
  Let's go back further.
  Jason's right.
  Jason, yes.
  I think you have to go back further.
  Especially if you look at America's sweetheart  because she has, I was staring at that picture  and I'm like, I'm not quite sure if she kind of looks  like Mary Pickford.
  She kind of looks like Rita Hayworth.
  I was gonna say Rita Hayworth.
  Or Betty Grable.
  Yeah.
  Betty Grable, who I was reading her Wikipedia  and I never knew this.
  I was looking at her filmography.
  I was like, I know this name.
  I don't know if I've seen any of these movies  but I think she was like the Julia Roberts of her time.
  Her movies grossed a massive amount of money.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, were they, were sweet, sweetheart has been,  how long has sweetheart been around is a phrase?  That's an old phrase, right?  I couldn't tell you offhand.
  America's sweetheart.
 I guess I should have done research  into the entomology of the word sweetheart.
  And I knew this is where.
  This is an episode about atoms.
  We're like, we have like four things here.
  So probably I should have done that work.
  She's a real sweetheart.
  She's a sweetheart.
  She kind of looks a little baby face.
  Sweetheart isn't Marilyn Monroe necessarily.
  No, this is before that.
  This is a more innocent time.
  She kind of has the puffy sleeves,  which due to fashion being cyclical  are now back in fashion.
  Sweetheart made like, there's a lot,  there's a little less like a va, va, va, vroom in sweetheart.
  Yes.
  She is more of a girl next door.
  She's even, she's more in Judy Garland mode, I would say.
  Yes.
 For sure.
  The bow and the hair.
  I think this is your little sister.
  This is not the sex object.
  So we can't, this is maybe something we know about  the body of work of this unnamed person in this poster.
  But she has some level of maturity  because it appears she is sitting in front  of a makeup mirror with like little jars,  ornate jars and a spritzing bottle, you know?  She does, she's in front of little jars.
  So we can get a lot of information from the little jars.
  The little jars.
  The little jars.
  She's got a little, looks like an expensive bracelet on.
  We're, we're, we're, we're in the woods now.
  We're talking, okay.
  So what can we glean from the little jars  on the poster outside of the bathroom?  Who do you think America's sweetheart is?  She's possibly under 18, I think.
  I don't think she's well under 18.
  It's hard with old movie stars too.
  Sometimes you go, they're either like 15, you don't know,  or they're like 15.
  Especially the ladies, sometimes you don't know  because they would make them up in such a way  to make them look older.
  Lauren Bacall, when she first started  like starring in roles opposite Humphrey Bogart  was like 18 years old.
  And like in Key Largo.
  He was 100.
  Huh?  He was like at least 12 years older than her, probably more.
  Yeah.
  And she has a level, she does seem older,  but then you watch like some of the first movies.
  You're like, oh, you are 18 years old.
  Sure.
  I will say this about America's favorite sweetheart.
  The pose is a little bit like she's cool.
  She's kind of cool.
  She's like, hey, what are you doing?  What are you up to?  She's not like, oh my gosh, like I'm nerdy.
  Like she's very comfortable, it looks like,  in whatever, her sitting in front of the little jars.
  Casual.
 Casual.
  Talk to her at a party.
  Yeah.
  She puts you at ease.
  Even though you're intimidated to be talking to her.
  Right, like you're, okay, so Jason's a cub reporter  and he works for movie news.
  And he goes in there and he's got his reporter,  his cub reporter outfit on,  and he's very nervous to talk to America's favorite sweetheart.
  She turns around, kind of strikes this pose,  and it's just like, what do you got for me, big boy?  So she's like, that's the vibe I'm getting from her.
  I was with you on the,  that she seems chill from the posture,  but then what you put in her mouth was,  what do you got for me, big boy?  Yeah, that's a little more Mae West.
  That's very aggressive, I feel.
  All right, what would be a friend?  What do you wanna know?  She just chills down to earth and she says,  what do you got for me, big boy?  I think she's gonna do,  but I think she's gonna needle you a little bit,  cause she notices that Jason is a little nervous.
  So she's gonna give it like, just playful.
  She's, it's in its old times.
  This is what somebody in the olden days would say.
  This isn't necessarily what I would write for a character now.
  I hear what do you got for me, big boy?  And that's flirtation.
  That's she wants the fuck-cubed reporter, Jason Sheridan.
  Well, maybe, but she knows that he's intimidated  because she's America's sweetheart.
  And of course he has a little crush on her  because everyone in America does.
  We all do.
 Right.
  We all did even before she became Hollywood's biggest star.
  So she's playing into that.
  She's kind of needling him and she's like, gonna make it.
  She's like, I have the power here, cause she's a big star.
  She's America's favorite sweetheart.
  He's gonna throw him off.
  He's gonna do a worse job.
  She shouldn't, that's the, she's not putting him at ease.
  I think she would say.
  This guy was with you on the character until the dialogue.
  The dialogue doesn't fit the character you painted.
  Look at the poster.
  I feel like.
  Hold, Jason, be quiet for me for one second.
  You'll have time to cover port.
  I'm just saying, look at this photo and then really,  I want you to sit here and I want us to sit in silence  while you look at this poster and you look at the character  and imagine the dialogue I just said  and see if you can imagine her saying it.
  Because I really think when she,  she's got her head on her shoulder  and she's really leaning into it.
  She's really kind of like very, very casual.
  I think big boy is not a stretch  that would come out of her mouth.
  I think she is on her way up,  but she knows she's gotta sell the movie  and I gotta get this story to print by 5pm.
  Okay, so I think there's.
  Movie news goes out.
  Like famously prints on Wednesday night.
  Movie news needs to go to press, okay?  So I think she.
  What did she say to you?  Give me the line of dialogue.
  She says to kind of like break the ice,  to meet you as the cub reporter in her dress,  in her dressing room.
  What do you got for me, sport?  See, that's in the same vein as what I said.
  I think it's a lot less sexualized.
  Because of the big boy.
  Big boy is like, and when it's what do you got for me,  that's like whip it out.
  Show me your hog.
  What do you wanna know?  What do you wanna know, kid?  What do you wanna know, kid?  Sport line.
  Puts you on the level.
  I think that's correct.
  I think big boy is aggressive.
  Scott, what do you think the line would be  that she would say to Jason?  This is really specific here.
  You think this is.
  It has to sound old for me.
  You didn't prepare for this before we did this episode?  I did not think of what a sample piece of dialogue would be.
  I think maybe she calls me,  sport, maybe kid, maybe,  even though she's probably younger than me,  but she sees I'm sweating  because she's got the high cards here  because she's America's favorite sweetheart.
  Yeah.
  Which is Hollywood's biggest star.
  We're probably breaking as Hollywood's biggest star  as we speak.
  I think the listeners need to vote  on all of our dialogue and see  what they think, whose piece of dialogue they think  is most appropriate to this poster.
  I think you need to join in, Scott.
  Is it yours?  Well, is she kind of deconstructing her own myth?  Is she being a little standoffish  and like, so you think you know everything about me,  do you?  Try me.
  I think she's.
  That's okay, that's good.
  A little challenge.
  I think I'm just trying to get a quote  to give to the American people, the viewing public,  and all our ships at sea.
  Jay, is that your opening line?  Just the facts, man.
  I'll be like, Joe Friday, just the facts.
  I'm Jason Sheridan from Movie News,  and I'm just trying to get this information  to our boys overseas, ma'am.
  I also don't think you're the kind of reporter  who's trying to dig up scandal  because remember, this is the time where we didn't know.
  We didn't know what people were getting into,  and maybe it was better that way.
  We didn't know about people's special salad dressing  and diving under the car, and who's spitting on who.
  Now we know every tawdry detail,  but there was a time where we let these people live.
  This isn't LA Confidential Magazine, this is Movie News.
  If you wanna talk off the record,  I'll meet you at the frolic room, okay?  Next to the Pantages.
  But then maybe we end up with a blind item, not with a.
  I think you're there to,  you're putting her on the cover of Movie News,  which we haven't maybe talked about  what is the prominence of Movie News.
  Is it just a trade magazine, or is this Rolling Stone?  Is this the moment where you made it?  Where like, I'm on the cover of Movie News, me?  I grew up staring at the covers,  thinking the people on Movie News were gods,  and now I am one?  I mean, I think if they have the budget  for multicolored backgrounds, you know,  back then all this stuff has to be done practically.
  Yes.
  So they gotta have hair and makeup there,  they gotta have wardrobe there,  and we're doing like a shoot for these covers, you know?  Yeah, one that probably the big dogs,  your life's have color, but maybe not every.
  Yeah, it's not a rag, you're right,  if they're committing to the color.
  It's not a rag, but it might not be the most,  it might not be color throughout,  but maybe the front and back cover are color.
  Yeah, I think you're right, I think inside,  maybe only the most special stories.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Or something big, but you know, when the war happened,  maybe some war photos.
  I'm gonna write up what I think the interview, how it goes.
  I'm gonna write a little one page here for just,  we'll post it when we post this.
  Okay.
  For the interview between Jason  and America's favorite sweetheart.
  Do you think the stars, these big stars,  when they're dealing with Movie News,  are they excited or nonchalant when dealing with it  or are they scared?  Like, Hedda Hopper is calling,  the gossip columnists are calling.
  I think this is probably a general mag,  like this is a very easy one.
  This isn't gonna be like, you're not gonna get,  it's not gonna be a gotcha thing.
  This is like people, this is just how we're like  celebrating and endorsing celebrity.
  Right, they might've contacted, you know,  their own people might've put all this together.
  Yes, this might be a breezy profile  where the first few paragraphs are just like,  they walked in and they ordered a croissant and a latte.
  Yeah, it's the old, we have to know  what the famous people were eating that day.
  What better way to get into their heads?  Are they having a Jones on third, okay?  The headlines itself is what tells me  what the magazine's like.
  Cause it's the most generic thing you've ever read.
  Yeah.
  They would be trying to sell it  based on some sort of tawdry detail.
  It's not about their life.
  It's not about their personal life.
  It's not about a marriage or a divorce.
  We might not know anything about these people.
  Look, I don't wanna go making assumptions,  but based on equivalent people at the time,  could be a lot of divorces happening with leading man.
  It could be a drunk.
  She could have a Judy Garland style pill applied by studio.
  There could be very dark things going on.
  There are for sure dark things going on.
  Yes.
  It's the old Hollywood.
  There's gotta be something.
  With each other.
  They might've,  she might've broken up his marriage or something.
  Yeah, possible.
  Do you think they know each other?  Do they know?  They definitely know each other.
  They for sure know each other.
  Or it was a huge deal when they met,  but do you think they've,  I don't know, yeah, have they hooked up?  Yeah, is that a thing?  Are we gonna say have they done it?  Are they an item or a secret item?  Or do they hate each other?  Like Judy Garland and Mickey Rooney?  Later on?  Oh, yeah, they fucking despise each other.
  I think a lot of people hated Mickey Rooney.
  Mickey Rooney was out of his mind.
  I don't know that it started that way, but like.
  Sure.
  Yeah, I think that they for sure,  obviously for sure know each other,  but yes, I think they probably worked with each other.
  If they're the two biggest stars,  I mean, can you think of like,  who are the two biggest stars now  that have never worked together?  There's gotta be a couple.
  But do we have stars?  I mean, there's only a handful of stars left, I suppose.
  Uh-huh.
  It's not like, but is, yeah,  is there any, there are all in oceans 11.
  The Rock and Tom Cruise have not co-starred.
  I guess The Rock is a little bit off on his own island.
  Yeah.
  And I guess Tom is lately.
  Isn't that, I think The Rock is Hollywood's biggest star,  but not America's favorite leading man.
  Well, only because he's too jacked to fit in the mold  of what you think of a leading man.
  Yes, there's nothing, I don't think  there's anything romantic about The Rock.
  Well, I like.
  America's favorite leading man,  there implies like a, I don't think you would ever  call The Rock dashing.
  You'd say he's cool.
  But I don't think he's.
  I think a lot of people are attracted to The Rock though.
  Isn't that a, yeah, I guess so.
  Yeah.
  I think you can present him as dashing.
  Isn't he wearing a suit in red?  Is he in red notice?  Which one is he in?  In Jungle Cruise, are you like,  oh, if the, oh, The Rock could sweep me up onto his boat  and take me on a river adventure.
  I think some people are,  but they're not presenting him in the movie like that.
  But also movies are very like,  big movies are very sexless now.
  There's not a lot of.
  Yes.
  So there's not even a lot of that anymore.
  What's The Rock's sexiest scene?  Is there a scene with The Rock where people would go,  where a woman might go like, oh, that rock,  I don't think so.
  Well, he's shirtless and stuff and that's enough, right?  Certainly, of course he's an attractive man, but like.
  I just don't think he's like,  you don't think of like sensuality.
  But Cluny, you think sensuality?  Yeah.
  I'm trying to think of what.
  Out of sight scene is sexy.
  Okay, that's true.
  I can think of why, there's a scene.
  A disc in all, your favorite movie, Disclosure.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Oh, well, of course, yes.
  Oh, well, there's no question with Michael Douglas.
  Obviously.
  The Rock, okay, here's a sexy scene from a movie  and I'm trying to see what, oh, is it Ballers?  Oh, is a sexy scene on Ballers with The Rock  where he's making out here in the bed.
  I forgot about Ballers.
  That's madness, this is not an iconic scene.
  I'm just saying.
 Maybe it is to someone, but like.
  There's also years of footage of him.
  Ballers scene, nothing hotter than the Baller,  who's he with in the Ballers scene?  I gotta look it up, I actually, for leave it or not,  I haven't watched Ballers.
  My question is, as we are,  I'm wondering what time we started doing this.
  As we finished 10% of the episode, yes.
  Have we thought about this more than the Imagineers did?  Yes, yes.
  I'm sure the person constructing these posters  is designing these posters thought of them plenty.
  This opens around the same time as Tokyo DisneySea.
  And I think I've said this before on the show  that if you walk around Tokyo DisneySea,  every little plaque, every little poster  is packed with jokes and information and lore,  stuff that you really felt like people poured over  and were excited about, and it's dense.
  And you could spend just a day at Tokyo DisneySea  going through and looking at that stuff  and going, oh, that's a cute little, that's funny.
  They wrote the whole newspaper article.
  Right, the whole newspaper, you go through all of it.
  This is just like the auto,  when you open up a program  that just puts text on a screen.
  Well, and it's very, to use a current thing,  it's like AI art of.
  Yes.
  It does, both of these people are just,  all right, put the top five actors  and the top five actresses into a visual blender.
  And that is so that if you fuzz your eyes,  like, oh yeah, that might be Clark Gable, sure.
  Right, and then yes, on top of it,  it doesn't, it's barely anything.
  It doesn't mean anything.
  It's meaningless.
  No, even look, I, as a thought exercise,  wondered about picking these.
  And now I do believe there's duality  to America's Favorite Leading Man  and Hollywood's Biggest Star.
  But this is no, this headline is nothing.
  Right, why not put a joke?  The movie news is not selling any copies with that.
  What do you mean is America's, like,  I even got it wrong, America's Favorite is Hollywood's,  it's jargon.
  Why not a joke, write a joke on it.
  Yeah, why couldn't this be funny?  Award-Wieners is a joke.
  Award-Wieners is a joke.
  Whether you like it or you think it's crass or not,  it's a joke.
  The issue is not that you wouldn't find it funny.
  The issue is you might be offended by it.
  I might be offended by it.
  I don't, you think, has anyone ever walked  by Award-Wieners and gone, off, ha, oh my.
  Probably.
  You the first time you went.
  Like a Christian, me, and then a bunch of Christian people.
  Bunch of like nuns, a bunch of nuns  went to California Adventure.
  They were all there, they were so excited.
  They're walking over to go on, to see the Aladdin show.
  And then they see that, and then they go,  and then they were offended and left.
  Well now they know this is the golden age of Hollywood,  which nuns at the time would probably complain  about the coarsening of Hollywood.
  That's true.
  But now we forget that and we look at it as like,  everything was very squeaky clean, you know.
  Right.
  But Award-Wieners is even too.
  They wouldn't say that in an old movie.
  No, that part is not one of the 30s parts.
  Cary Grant never said wiener on the screen.
  Who was the first ever to say wiener on screen?  Probably a hot dog guy in like a baseball movie.
  Like did they say it in Damn Yankees,  guys selling hot dogs?  Peanuts, wieners.
  Could be.
  Peanuts, wieners.
  Who said it first?  I wonder if even the person's family knows.
  Do you realize your grandfather is the first person  to say wiener on film?  And there's maybe a difference.
  That guy should have a poster.
  First actor to say wiener.
  Does like Babe Ruth yell at it  when he meets the little rascals?  Did Babe Ruth meet the little rascals?  I believe he did.
  Really?  I believe a lot of baseball players  in the early days of baseball,  moonlit in other jobs in the off season  because it did not pay enough.
  Like being in movies you mean?  Being in movies or like having a day job.
  I mean obviously Babe Ruth made a lot of money.
  But he would go play.
  I'm not seeing any proof that Babe Ruth  was in the little rascals.
  I swore he met the little rascals.
  I swore I've seen footage of him  meeting the little rascals.
  You also just suggested that most baseball players  met the little rascals back then.
  No, no.
  They had to take side work.
  Like being in the little rascal shorts.
  I mean he would go play games in Japan.
  Like they would put together to play in Japan.
  But you're saying that he had to make ends meet.
  He had to act in a little rascal.
  He was a global star.
  Like he would get endorsement deals and stuff.
  But other baseball players would have to get jobs.
  It's like the minor leagues.
  This is just a painting of Babe Ruth with some kids.
  Not the little rascals.
  I thought we had it here.
  It's just someone's painting.
  I know I'm seeing an eBay listing  and it has little rascals and Babe Ruth.
  But I don't think they're in the same place.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Okay, okay.
  Hold on, hold on.
  Babe Ruth made a cameo appearance in the film Speedy.
  Wait a minute.
  That's not a little rascal.
  Yeah, it'd be called the little rascal.
  It'd be called Our Gang Presents.
  Lou Gehrig made a cameo appearance  within Babe Ruth's cameo appearance.
  What?  Okay, wait.
  No, that's just in the film Speedy.
  Oh my God.
  What?  It was Babe Ruth in the little rascals.
  I mean this would have popped up fast, wouldn't it?  Babe Ruth, little rascals.
  Baseball, how about baseball players, little rascals?  Jason, did you meet Babe Ruth when you were little?  I need Babe Ruth and forget.
  Look, stock footage from those fucking,  what's his face, the documentary.
  Okay, Our Gang.
  Here's an Our Gang,  because we know Our Gang was the name of it  before the little rascals.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Giants vs.
 Yanks.
  Hal Roach presents his rascals  in Giants vs.
 Yanks.
  Okay.
  Hold on.
  You think maybe?  I just have to watch this 28 minute video to see.
  Let's report back on this later.
  Bugle Nose Davis.
  What?  Squealer, his kid brother.
  You found a way to make this an endless episode.
  It's a silent film.
  The silent films will have to be announced.
  We should play, yeah,  we should do more silent film analysis  on this audio medium.
  Okay, so they're at the baseball.
  Okay, I think they're not at a real baseball stadium.
  Is it the little rascals or not though?  Oh, it's Our Gang.
  It is Our Gang.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  And it said his little rascals.
  So whoever created it, the guy's name.
  The Ken Burns documentary has a lot of old  black and white footage.
  Hal Roach presents his rascals.
  So that's how they were built before they were just  the little rascals.
  Okay.
  Look, it's not on Babe Ruth's IMDB.
  Scott, this is 100 years old.
  This was 1923.
  Like, this is a non-viral tweet.
  Like, wanna feel old?  Do you know his gangs, yanks, and his rascals?  Our gangs, his rascals, yanks.
  Do you realize that's 100 years old?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that sounded, I would've guessed 110 years old.
  Okay.
  You're gonna have to find this, Jason, on your own.
  You have to do it?  I'll re-watch the whole Ken Burns all 12 hours.
  Do you think somewhere in Ken Burns baseball,  there's a shot of the little rascals and Babe Ruth together?  I think so.
  Maybe he just met them off, like, not even in a short.
  I mean, it could've been an event or something.
  He might've been a big fan of our gang.
  Yeah.
  And he just wanted to meet them.
  Yeah.
  If that happens, Elvis and the Beatles.
  They shook.
  Elvis and the Beatles met,  and there wasn't anything big, you know?  Yeah.
  There's a photo of it, though.
  That's true.
  But there might be a photo on the Ken Burns thing.
  The Yankees.
  Was there a photo when the original Elvis  and the Beatles met, you know?  Babe Ruth and his gang.
  Oh, no, our gang, his rascals.
  His rascals.
  Sorry, I'd like the list.
  The listeners should just, maybe they already are.
  They're just running through a list,  like, credits in their head of all the rides  we've never talked about.
  As we're yelling about his.
  This is in a theme park, though.
  This is not.
  In a theme park.
  This is better than the Munsters.
  It's closer, yeah.
  This is in Cali, and you, listener,  can go see these in California Adventure.
  You can drag your friends and significant others  behind a wall, because that's where you have to go.
  It's kind of like a.
  Frank Lloyd Wright inspired designed wall.
  Yes, it's a very good.
  I find the bathrooms of high quality,  and they are Frank Lloyd Wright inspired.
  So that's pretty cool.
  They are notable bathrooms, I would say.
  And then behind this wall, you can see these characters.
  Please tweet at us if you're hanging out with them.
  We want to see you trying to make heads or tails  of America's favorite leading man,  America's favorite.
  And maybe it'll provoke a discussion  with the people you're with in the park.
  Do you think they knew each other?  Did these people kiss?  Is it possible to be America's favorite leading man  and Hollywood's biggest star?  And the other side of that conversation might be like,  huh, should we, you want to do different things today?  I mean, I would be very interested.
  Yeah, try it and see what happens.
  The person could not live on Papa Steve alone.
  When you're done looking at Papa Steve, come to these.
  Yeah, that's advanced.
  When I was going through in my head,  what is a more obscure topic than today's topic?  Papa Steve is in there because that's another episode  about a California adventure poster,  but it's also a real man who lived a life  and we got to talk about his life.
  These people are not real.
  They don't have names.
  No one's ever written about this  or talked about it anywhere.
  There's a good chance that they,  somebody frantically came into Imagineering one day  and said, do we have any stock photos  of actor looking people?  And they went, I guess they looked it up.
  They had two things.
  All right, we need these posters  because it kind of looks blank there.
  Okay, whatever, America blah, blah,  type, type, type, type, type, print out.
  That's it.
  This might've been not even a full day of stress  in the year 2000 trying to jam this.
  This was repurposing two things they may have had.
  Or like drawing over act.
  They might've like gotten shots of the people  in the Tower of Terror pre-ride and drawn over them.
  Like, okay, we got to head start.
  There's like a girl in a bow and a dress.
  Let's just kind of just like age her up  and then like give the guy a mustache.
  Great, print it.
  Done.
  Yeah.
  Because yeah, why not?  Why not?  Imagineers like to make little fun things.
  This is really at the heart of like,  I think a lot of this show is thinking,  well, these places are special.
  Someone made this place.
  And so every item in the place must have intention  and it must be special too.
  It's ordain.
  That's certainly what I assumed when I was younger.
  There's a reason for everything.
  It's not like the real world where things kind of happen  haphazard and chaotic,  but something like this teaches us  that maybe things are haphazard and chaotic  in that world too.
  And maybe even like,  because when budget crunch enters into it  and people just having to get the job done,  maybe not everything is like a special gift from the heavens  the way the best of Imagineering is.
  You know, so I think it was a recent guest,  Andrew Grissom shared a film critic posted on Instagram.
  Like, you know, people asked me about writing about movies  and what is your thought process?  And they came up with like three C's.
  It's like, all right, what context was this happening in?  What is the content?  What were the filmmakers trying to say?  And like everything they think about when a movie,  like what are the messages intended or otherwise?  And Jason, I think what you're thinking you're remembering  is what I said about the Transformers ride.
  That's what I was thinking you're remembering.
  But I saw this like around the same period of days  when I was thinking about this episode  and I started to apply these ideas to this poster.
  Oh.
  And it's like, what are we,  what is this communicating to us?  What is this meant to communicate?  Is it just meant to be,  because you kind of go in and out of the bathroom  pretty quickly, it's just meant to be a fleeting touch.
  Did they ever think that anyone would really focus on this  for 45 minutes to an hour?  Yeah, yeah.
  And it's now what people are doing with this episode.
  They're going, well, what is the content?  What were the hosts going through?  Who is it for?  How brazen were they that they thought this would be,  this could be something to talk about for what,  or are they not in a good place?  Are they, should I be concerned about these podcast hosts?  Are they unraveling after five years?  I felt great.
  I honestly, I was doing this  and like the scary tree simultaneously  and I was having a ball working on these episodes.
  I think you would put these posters up in your house.
  I would.
  I did go to eBay and Etsy to try and find,  because so many people now with decent like printers,  you can just print out like a poster.
  If you've got a good photo of it, even on like an iPhone,  you could potentially get a little print made up probably.
  I could blow it up and frame it.
  Well, what we need to do is put you  in the favorite leading man.
  Like somebody, I mean, I'll ask somebody,  I'm not gonna do it.
  Someone in the audience, if you wanna put Jason  in that leading man poster,  just give him a little mustache.
  America's favorite sweetheart.
  What a thing I like to think of and I don't think,  I'm like, this is a fantasy of mine.
  I like to imagine because of the time  that these had to be approved by Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, possibly.
  They had to go across his desk and he had to go, great.
  Yeah.
 Great, moving on.
  And maybe the kind of limited information  as with our 45th president,  he just wants to see colors and only a few words  because he's very busy,  because we're doing things like you wouldn't believe.
  And maybe that's where Eisner was at too.
  So these have the USA Today effect of just like, no, don't.
  Maybe there was more information.
  Maybe they named these people.
  Maybe there was a big backstory and somebody was like,  no, it's never gonna get approved.
  Yeah, Michael's gonna get stressed.
  He's gonna get confused.
  He's gonna say, I don't know who that is.
  I don't know who that is.
  This might be like a litmus test.
  Like if you're saying show it to Eisner,  but what if we could show it to like people  who were imaginary, you say,  if we show this to Tony Baxter or we showed this  to Bob Weiss and just said, do you know what this is?  Oh, that's interesting.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And what does this mean to you?  Tony probably not because he wasn't around so much for that.
  I don't sense a lot of him in California Adventure.
  I wouldn't be shocked though,  if he like knows every fucking square inch of everything.
  That's very true.
 Yeah.
  And has like tells you like, here's an hour.
  He would do like an hour just on like  how we could fix the poster.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I would be excited to like, yeah.
  Or a roadie, like anybody, you know, please.
  Cause like it'd be amazing if someone commented on these.
  Also another guy, very eloquent at expanding ideas outwards  and like really honing in on stuff.
  You know, it's funny what you just said about Eisner  that he gets confused.
  I sent you guys one shot from a Lilo and Stitch  oral history.
 It might've been Vulture.
  I apologize if it wasn't Vulture.
  I don't know where it was, but that I, what did,  I sent you guys the part about how Katzenberg wanted to make  Oh yeah.
 I forgot to read the story.
  West Side story, but with cats.
  Yeah.
 And they set up and we wanted to do it  with Leonard Bernstein.
  Bernstein.
  It's Bernstein.
  And so they flew out and did a big presentation.
  And then it became clear like, oh, he just sent people.
  He's not even here and they don't want to do this at all.
  And this is a big fiasco.
  The only instance of poor Katzenberg judgment  I could think of.
  Sure.
  But basically there was another part of it where  they really wanted to make Lilo and Stitch away  from Eisner's influence because the,  one of the directors, one of the main people involved was  like, I know what happens when,  and you have to do these fucking screenings and you end up  just like, basically they told a story where he was clearly  like so, so stressed in 94 and they're screening the Lion King  for Eisner and he, he's watching the movie and then he just  like looks down and he just looks down for a while.
  I don't know, not his phone at the time, but just like,  or maybe he was doing something, but he clearly had so much  on his plate that he looked down and then looked back up  and missed a whole scene of the movie.
  What he looked down for was Mufasa appearing in the clouds.
  So then the film, he entirely did not ever have eyes  on cloud Mufasa.
  So when the movie ended and everybody's giving notes,  he's like, I mean, what happened with,  we felt like I just didn't connect that like,  what made him want to go back and save the kingdom?  Well, when the Mufasa appeared,  well, I didn't get that at all.
  I don't think you communicated that.
  Which is like a window into, we actually think Eisner is  like kind of a sharp, he did things that we like.
  So we think of him as a good executive and that happened.
  Yeah, to further that excerpt is from,  there is an oral history, there's a whole book  about the making of Lilo and Stitch that is newly out.
  That's all from the book.
  So that's from the book.
  So that makes me go, well, what was the fucking production  of Lilo's Stitch like that they got a book out of it?  I never considered it.
  The whole point of it becomes, all right,  if you go do it cheap and in Florida where nobody's watching  they still had the studio tour,  the theme park adjacent studio.
  And to where it was by the time,  when Eisner would just go like,  what's this Lilo and Stitch thing?  Oh, it's gonna be cool, you'll like it.
  As opposed to having to run every beat of it by him,  which would have fucked up the movie.
  Yeah, I saw another notable thing.
  I never, it never dawned on me,  but now I can perfectly see it from like the stills  they posted was like the first Disney movie in a long time  that had watercolor backgrounds.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  And if you look at it, it's like, oh yeah,  that is really beautiful and striking.
  This is kind of watercolor, these posters.
  It kind of is.
 A little bit, yes.
  Or it's like Photoshop 99, whatever.
  A watercolor filter.
  I think there's one challenge that we should take on  because if we are like, we're grabbing this IP,  we're fleshing it out more than the Imagineers cared to  or got to and we can apply to it  kind of anything that we want.
  I think a big thing, I think they need names.
  I think we could be the first to name them.
  And I don't want to put you on the spot,  but maybe if we all just hover around,  if we stare at them and just kind of  toss some words around.
  Well, here's what I think.
  And you guys tell me if you think I'm wrong.
  I think we should be as lazy as they were  in making the copy.
  So I say Rita Garland and Carrie Butler.
  I think that's good.
  And that is, that is you.
  Carrie Butler.
  You read about movie stars where it's like,  yeah, his real name was Ronald Mush.
  And they changed his name to Carrie Grant.
  They would just come up with like,  oh, we're not gonna call you Rebecca Claude.
  No, your name is now Gloria Graham.
  I like that your format is half of actress's real names  and then one and then the other one is actor and character.
  That's true.
  That's true.
  That's true.
  Which you could, you know, it could be Rita Gale.
  Sure.
  But I don't know, I do like the laziness of Garland.
  Certainly.
  You could go, yeah, you could say like.
  Nathaniel King.
  Young King.
  Sure, okay.
  I mean, I don't see any reason though,  at the end of the day to not go with what you said,  because in the spirit of,  you're right with the thought exercise  of doing it like them.
  So now you know, America's favorite leading man,  Kerry Butler is Hollywood's biggest star  and America's favorite sweetheart, Rita Garland,  is Hollywood's biggest star.
  Yeah, right.
  And they don't make them like that anymore.
  Don't make them like they used to.
  They never will again.
  Oh boy, Hollywood peaked in 1930.
  Blah, all the numbers just merged together  because this does not exist in a specific year.
  Right.
  If you could hear them walk by you,  you would hear any amount of like liquid squishing  in a bottle or pills clacking together.
  What was that first word?  Liquid.
  Oh, liquid.
  I just thought you were using.
  I kind of got a little tongue tied  and tried to rush past it.
  Like I'm a cover reporter trying to make his copy deadline.
  I thought you were like imitating.
  Like sloshing or something.
  Are we done?  Can we be, this cannot be over an hour, right?  We're not over an hour yet.
  No.
  Okay, well great.
  Yeah, we could be done.
  Jason, do you have any other thoughts though?  I think listeners, if you have any stories  about these posters,  if you know anything about the creation.
  They do not.
  Stories.
  I mean, look, you go with friends  or you go with partners or family members  and you're like, oh, we got to take a picture next to that.
  Surely there must be someone out there going like,  I got to get a picture next to Hollywood's leading man.
  If we just nudge this a little longer though,  Jason, who would you say your favorite leading man  of all time is  and your favorite America sweetheart is of all time?  What's his face?  Who I bought the bucket from.
  I always forget it now.
  Robert Blake.
  What's the, what is the guy?  Speaking of our gang.
  Tom, Tom, Shadow of the Dead.
  Tom, Cotton, Joseph Cotton.
  I love Joseph Cotton, isn't that?  He's your leading man though?  He was a leading man a number of roles.
  He's leading man, third man.
  He's the leading kind of the sinister leading man  in Shadow of the Downs.
  Just to do, let's take score.
  In the recent past, you forgot your favorite ice cream place  ever on Disney property.
  You forgot the name of your favorite actor of all time.
  Yeah.
  The sands keep moving through the hourglass.
  I don't know what to tell you.
  Here's a question.
  What's your favorite name of you?  What's your favorite name that is your name?  Jason?  I guess I'm okay.
  You're fine, you're fine.
  Scott, do you have an answer for this?  Oh yeah, no, my favorite,  like of all time leading man of sweet.
  I'd have to go Florence Pugh and Harry Styles.
  Okay.
  Harry, traditional, traditionally good looking.
  I do like Florence Pugh.
  I think she's terrific actor,  makes very interesting choices for the roles she takes.
  I didn't see the movie.
  Oh, I haven't seen that one yet.
  I haven't seen that one yet.
  Do you have a favorite, Mike?  Cary Grant and Jennifer Love Hewitt.
  Is that right?  That would be an interesting pairing.
  I'm not saying they're paired,  I'm just saying they're two different eras.
  Those are my two tops.
  I'm not sure that Jennifer Love Hewitt  was ever America's favorite sweetheart or Hollywood's,  certainly not Hollywood's biggest star.
  For sure, magazine cover where Jennifer Love Hewitt  was referred to as a sweetheart.
  A sweet, that's not what I said.
  I said America's favorite.
  All right, we're gonna find this.
  I'm gonna get this thing over now or if it kills me.
  Oh come on, God damn.
  Well, hey, oh, well look at the sword I can wield  is ending it.
  You survived.
  You survived, I guess, the ride.
  The segregated wish.
  Thank you for subscribing.
  And I'm gonna barrel through,  just keep subscribing and go to the club three,  you get bonus.
  We're gonna talk about Kingdom Hearts over there.
  Oh shit, there's a maxim with Jennifer Love Hewitt  where it says America's sweetheart has a naughty secret.
  But that's not quite America's favorite.
  It doesn't say America's favorite.
  Well, she's all America's favorite sweetheart  because I really like her movies.
  Jason, look at him.
  Jason.
  The proof is just that anyone ever wrote it down.
  Because if that's the proof,  then we're all America's favorite.
  Like then Jason is America's favorite sweetheart.
  Well, of course he is.
  Well, I'm podcasting his little sweetheart.
  That's true, can't argue with that.
  I hate how much people are gonna start saying that.
  That's gonna be fucking everywhere in the comments.
  Here you go, fam.
  Start using it.
  Oh man.
  Wait, we're done.
  We're done, get stuck.
  All right, I'll turn it off.
  Looking on your phone.
  55 minutes.
  Yeah.
