 Forever.
.
.
  Dog.
  As we celebrate Feliz Navidad, the way of winter on today's podcast, The Ride.
  The Ride presents Feliz Navidad, the way of winter, a Yuletide celebration of all things  Avatar, a podcast series that will have no cultural impact.
  I mean, seriously, can anyone even name one of the hosts of this podcast?  Jason Sheridan, can you even name one of the hosts of Feliz Navidad, the way of winter?  No, and like, you know, this podcast, it's just dances with wolves.
  It's just freaking dances with wolves.
  It's freaking, it's freaking Fern Gully, but with microphones and you can't see anything unless you go to the Forever Dog YouTube, but there's plenty for you to see.
  Mike Carlson, can you name one host? Just try naming one host.
  I would say, oh, my favorite character is General Michael Quaritch, the character we all know.
 We're all very familiar with him, right?  I didn't have to go to IMDB to figure it out.
  You certainly didn't have to look that up before.
  And now Mike is descending back.
  Here's where, okay, that's all right.
  That all has been said for the podcast audience and welcome to our celebration of Avatar.
  If there was ever an episode where you should maybe come to the YouTube version, which is on the Forever Dog YouTube or just Google us, this might be the one because a couple things are happening.
  First of all, I have gone into the machine.
  I have completed the ritual and I am at last a proud Navi warrior.
  Right.
  I have I have done six minutes worth of face paint and I am I'm one of them.
  So you're the Avatar program.
  You're you have not become a Navi.
  So you're just being you're able.
  That's a good question.
  Yes.
  Jake Sully, it's the same Jake Sully situation.
  It's not.
  Are you even able to?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  You know, there's a nerd over here.
  There's a reason we call him the Viper Wolf of the podcast.
  He's skulking in the background, hiding in the foliage, you know.
  Well, this is the other thing.
  Okay.
  So, yes, I have completed.
  Yes, Scott is back at home.
  Scott's sleeping in Burbank.
  But I but this body has been planted here several miles away in North  Hollywood.
  And, you know, that because that's what we have to do.
  We're fully embracing the Avatar spirit and not to be left out.
  Mike is has descended into a potted plant, a tropical potted plant, where  we'll see how long you're able to stay away from the microphone with a huge  jungle leaf in front between you and the microphone.
  I have camo camo joggers on so people barely can see me.
  Marine, a regular marine.
  I'm a regular marine.
  Some might also accuse me of pulling home improvements.
  Wilson.
  I mean, has anyone even seen Wilson's face?  Like, oh, yeah, you're a big home improvement fan, huh?  Then have you even seen Wilson?  Yeah.
  Big cultural impact.
  Nobody knows what the guy looks like.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I'm such a fan of the actor, Earl Hindman.
  Oh, I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Everybody knows his name.
  Mirror minutes in, we've already gotten a Miles Corich and a Wilson reference.
  We'll keep it up.
  This will be this will be Name City.
  And Jason is is, you know, you might think that it's just a bunch of bottles  slightly blocking his face.
  But no, no, no.
  What you were doing is embracing the way of water.
  Yeah, I am surrounded by water and, you know, it I feel like I'm  in a little fort, which is fitting because this podcast is a fortress.
  Wow.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  This yes, this forever dog is our fortress right now.
  I'm thrilled.
  I'm so excited that we are doing a celebration here and that we've fully embraced  the avid spirit.
  And I felt like I needed to Mike's already moving the plan.
  I know you're moving it closer.
  You're going to have you.
  You're putting the leaf.
  You're having it brush up against the microphone.
  I just want it.
  I want it to be a good visual, but I also want to be able to talk.
  So I'm going to go with this.
  Does this have a name that people don't like when you chew on microphone?  And there's some term for that.
  But is there already a term for it?  Don't put leaves.
  Don't rub leaves on to a mic.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  Similar flora.
  Flora phonia is real.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah.
  Good.
  Don't you dare start eating those leaves, you piece of shit.
  If you start chewing on Mike.
  If these are eucalyptus, I might take a bite or two because those  those leaves get pant or panda koalas very high from what I  understand.
  Right.
  That's what I understand.
  I could be wrong.
  That could be fake news.
  But let me let me make sure I'm right.
  Mm hmm.
  Something I feel like I should mention as you're looking that up is that  me with the Navi face paint led to a funny moment where Mike, you're  being very cautious as we record in studio.
  You've got a baby at home.
  You can't be too careful.
  So you've been running.
  You've been giving us covered swabs sometimes before we record.
  So I did have to do the covered swab with Navi face paint.
  That's right.
  We'll get that video in front of you on the socials soon on whatever  socials exist by the time this episode comes out, because we're  recording this pretty far in advance.
  A lot could happen between now and with Twitter or anything else.
  But we're getting it done and getting it ready because as you're  hearing this, this is the day after a law after a 13 year wait, this  is the day that the way of water comes out that we all get to return  to Pandora.
  It's today.
  You can go see it right now.
  Some of you may have seen it already.
  I don't know.
  I don't know the degree of of Avatar head or if it's if it's only us,  if it's only if it's only me even.
  Yeah, I will see.
  I'm excited to see it, but I'm going to see it in an empty theater.
  You're going to spend the six hundred dollars.
  Oh, yeah, I'm going to pay to buy out all the seats to buy out what they  do and not just encourage, but it is built into the AMC app.
  Now they're like, hey, come see.
  Do you want to see Black Panther in 3D or do you want to see an IMAX or do  you want to see it in a private theater?  Like you can rent out the theater within the app.
  Well, then I'm going to have to do, I guess.
  Yeah, I believe I I believe it's a misconception that they get high.
  They get sleepy.
  OK, OK.
  Well, so I don't want it to be a martial gate.
  Yeah, I don't want that.
  I don't want Griffin to come on here and relitigate the koala bear being high.
  So then something else then fundamentally something else happens, which I don't  want to Google.
  Then you start Googling.
  I will never be wrong again.
  I promise that to the audience.
  You have learned your lesson.
  But yeah, look, we're there.
  We made it to the day.
  And if what I have done to myself in this moment does not indicate that I have  gotten fully on board, I like it's been a journey since we started this podcast.
  I feel I think maybe all of us did like like in my head, Mike, you've always  been a fan, but maybe it was just of the ride.
  I don't know if I don't even know still if you care about the movie.
  Well, here's the thing.
  I went back.
  This goes back to if you know, if you know my history of being on the YouTube  show called Movie Fights and I was trying to find the origin of Mighty Akron  because I believe it originates there somewhere predates the show.
  Wow.
  I think so.
  But I couldn't find evidence and I for some reason didn't want to sort through  about 30 plus hours of content to try to figure out sure it holds up.
  You look I think I say look, I say I say some funny stuff, but I'm not saying go  back and watch everything.
  I'm just saying.
  But there's an avatar, you know, questions and stuff.
  So I would say things and I believe it originate because we talked about  Botanicus, which is something I said hashtag Botanicus on that show is  something that we brought over here.
  So I still have not found the exact time I said Mighty Akron for the first time.
  Wow.
  Sure.
  I don't think I realized before the show.
  I think it was before the show.
  I could be I actually could be wrong.
  Again, don't Griffin, please.
  I don't know.
  So you might have been talking talking about like an absolutely epic face off  where the Mighty Akron is staring at Oogie Boogie from Nightmare Before Christmas.
  Sure.
 I found an old old one because it was a question.
  It was a show where you would answer like, you know, hypothetical questions about  entertainment.
  So I found one where I was pitching like a Jake Sully Disney Plus show.
  Oh, I was pitching out on all the different things you could do with Avatar.
  But I don't say it in there.
  I don't say Mighty Akron in there.
  OK.
  So Eekron, excuse me.
  No, Cameron, Cameron, I saw a video and he says just very quickly, Akron.
  Really?  Yeah.
  This might end up being like Millennium Falcon Falcon, where it's like there's  official sources that kind of say both.
  Where fans have their opinions about it, but the creator of the franchise doesn't  give a shit.
  Yeah, that's also that one's tricky, too, because that's just a normal word that  some people say one way and some say another.
  So I could be wrong about it, but I think it originates off the show somewhere.
  But but I could I could be wrong about that.
  Well, and look where we're at now.
  I prepared this here in the video feed.
  Jordan, can you pull up the Google results?  And we've discussed this, but I think it's grown even since the last time we talked  about Avatar in our live show three years ago.
  So these are the results.
  And it's only if you Google image Mighty Akron, it's only more might get this more  lines have filled.
  You dominate these results.
  And the very first one, if you see it's on the second row all the way on the right.
  The first thing that is not Carlson or podcast, the right oriented is Lego Avatar.
  Jake and Terry something or other.
  And that's that covers the Akron part.
  But I went to the page and mighty is because of a link to another Lego item that is  Bowser and they call him Mighty Bowser.
  So that doesn't even count.
  So really, that's that's out.
  So the entire first two lines, I see the Disneyland foodies in there.
  People have really helped like game these results.
  So your association with my name is right.
  I think or make them more.
  Yeah, we're correct.
  You got it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You this this land is yours and anyone else encroaching.
  You need to chase them away as the Navi chase away the sky people.
  Yes, it's good.
  Yeah.
  So I mean, I I there has to be another precedent for like a character in a movie where  like somebody added a word to it and now they're the search for it.
  Right.
  I don't know.
  We'll never be able to know.
  Like like another like start.
  Did somebody call Yoda cool and you looked up cool Yoda and now it's like some guy from  a podcast.
  I don't know if there is a precedent for that.
  But did a guy invent the phrase gross E.
T.
?  Yeah, right.
  Somebody maybe did.
  And now it's all this podcast host.
  Yeah.
  But this is too much like this is this is out there.
  This has gotten out there, I think.
  Well, it's it's it's grown a lot.
  The legend of Mike Carlson and the mighty Akron has only grown and it's grown to a point  and we've talked about this before.
  But now that we're at the day, I think we have to address it and we haven't officially  addressed it on the show.
  And now I ask for the clip, which I think the word mighty is in the clip.
  Spoiler.
  But if you have not seen the most official Avatar trailer that came out, it all builds  to this is like the crucial pivot point of the where like the trailer like it's it's  kind of mysterious until this moment.
  And then it picks up steam and gets fast and intense after this.
  So it's like really the key moment of the trailer for Avatar, the way of water.
  So what is her heartbeat sound like?  Mighty.
  Everything ducks away in an extremely busy trailer.
  Everything fades out like all the all the instrument.
  Everybody sets the instruments down.
  And so that there's one solo and it's seemingly the new Sigourney Weaver character, the young  girl saying mighty.
  What do you think when this dropped?  Well, we talked about this happening in the movie.
  We were like, they're going to say it or something in the movie.
  We discussed the possibility of that.
  Whether it was on Mike or off.
  I was like, what if it's in the movie?  So this isn't quite the phrase, but the showcase of the word mighty, which is not a common  it's not like they say mighty all the time.
  It's not like a Star Wars word where they say credits or something.
  It's like mighty.
  I don't think it's something they overuse or use ever in the first Avatar.
  Yeah.
  So it feels purposeful.
  Yeah, I will say it feels purposeful.
  I've been told that the kids because it goes from mighty to a picture of a picture of a  scene of an Akron people.
  Somebody who was trying to tell me that these are not Akron's.
  These are a smaller.
  Oh, shit.
  Well, these are like some sort of I forget which new beast to learn.
  Right.
  Oh, boy.
  So I guess that takes a little of the fun out of it because it feels like mighty.
  And then we see a picture, a video of an Akron.
  But still, doesn't it feel like someone's talking to me?  It could be.
  And I don't want to take that that away from me.
  I would rather embrace the joy.
  I ran you through the ringer when the time that you thought that you could get Prince to come to your Prince birthday party.
  Yes, you did.
  Yes.
  And by the way, I was just driving in that area and M bar is really far away from the palladium.
  He's not walking to that.
  That's a long walk.
  He's got a car.
  That's eight blocks.
  So now he's got to get in a car, get the whole entourage in the car.
  Prince has ever walked more than a block in the last in his last 30 years on the planet.
  I know he gets in the car.
  That's a good point.
  What was Prince's conditioning like?  You know, well, he was doing three hour plus shows at night.
  Well, I know he was in good condition.
  Yeah, I but yeah, did he have like a routine?  Did he have a workout?  I know that I know his routine did not involve going to random birthday parties that were tweeted at him.
  He's mysterious.
  He shows up sometimes and he happened to have a I'm getting upset.
  He happened to have a Twitter account that was active at the time.
  So I was like, you know what?  Mm hmm.
  That is surely he himself was doing the tweeting.
  Of course, he doesn't drive himself, but he does do his own.
  Listen, I don't want to know.
  OK, I want to know.
  I don't want to get this.
  But but I was having a birthday at the M bar and it was truly billed as a prince dance party.
  All Prince music.
  I guess you're right.
  That is a bill.
  And you mean build when you emailed your friends?  Well, this is not an event in the world.
  Well, I told the M bar and they basically were like, yeah, you can DJ the whole bar, which was something that's not necessarily just like a little tiny room.
  It was the entire venue because it was practically a rec room.
  They knew that my 30th birthday was going to draw the people in.
  They knew people were going to show up for this event.
  They knew we did.
  We drew.
  We didn't have to pay.
  Oh, this is a thank you so much.
  Wait, now is this a transit Google map?  Jordan has pulled up a map so we can do the actual mileage.
  This is very OK.
  There is walking point four miles.
  All right.
  That's not very far, but it's not like next door.
  Prince says somebody carry him that that far.
  But this is a dangerous route, by the way.
  Hollywood's it's not the best.
  No, no, no, no.
  I don't think they're letting Prince.
  So all I said was, oh, my God.
  So basically all of a sudden it was revealed that and I didn't know this.
  Prince did a secret show with the plating, which I very much was like, should we just abandon ship on this party and go to the plane?  We should have done that.
  But I felt bad because people were coming again.
  We were going to have this place packed for my birthday.
  So so I said, you know what?  We should all tweet a prince and tell Prince to come over.
  There's a prince dance party going on right here.
  And he's a mystery.
  He does.
  You know, he's not, you know, not Bill Murray level showing up in a while, but he does some stuff.
  Some awesome, totally on the level.
  Good, perfect.
  Everything he does is perfect.
  Bill Murray.
  No, no, no.
  This is so I said differently.
  But I would tell people, oh, you know, Prince is playing show now.
  Of course, it's crazy because M.
  Bar closed before the show was over.
  So obviously it didn't make any sense.
  Oh, well, then.
  But I didn't know this at the time.
  I know Prince was going on.
  I didn't know on the set list or whatever.
  But I said, this is crazy.
  He's blocks away.
  I said, let's tweet at him.
  Let's see what happens.
  But it wasn't like I was standing outside the M.
  Bar going, why is he playing show?  You were not doing that.
  But I thought like, oh, there's me.
  Looks like there's a 10 percent chance.
  10 percent.
  OK, that's I maybe thought in your I thought I let's not go crazy.
  Let's not go crazy.
  Ironically, I think maybe I thought you had like a 50 percent chance in your head.
  Ten's reasonable.
  I can't.
  I thought you for that.
  Yeah, I don't know what percent.
  I mean, who knows what?  I was so high because of my because I not have eucalyptus because I had alcohol.
  Mainlining eucalyptus.
  But I definitely probably was excited because I mean, it is a pretty funny coincidence that he's playing a secret show that close.
  It is.
 Yeah, I understand.
  I think what I thought was that you that I was like, yeah, but he wasn't going to come and you were mad at me and you're mad at me still for him.
  I'm very upset that maybe Prince would not be.
  I know he doesn't know.
  Giant artists is not going to go sing like birthday party with my music.
  That's never happened before.
  I've got to see this.
  Maybe if it was next door, maybe if it was at the hold on, let's see if it was at the tender greens, which we ate at before.
  Yeah, Jason and I ate at that tender greens before we had a typical shitty tender greens meal.
  And then we walked to the bar, which I think an hour in we were like, is this bar open?  Like it seemed like they were, you know, just a week away from packing.
  Oh, they were waiting for me to pack it.
  Pack the place.
  Yeah.
 All friends and well wishers.
  Anyway, look, this is not we're not.
  That's when we're not derailing.
  I was more than happy to just bring it up quickly, but I know people needed to know the context for instance.
  You can tell us if you think Prince would have come if he knew about it or not.
  But what I was saying is I don't in that case, I think I ruined the magic for you and I didn't I don't want to ruin the magic for you here.
  Now it did occur to me that if you know, because that on the day when we were texting about it, you said, I don't know, she says mighty and then it cuts to an Akron.
  And what I didn't text was, yeah, but Akron and Akron is like one of the four things you would cut to in the trailer.
  But that's the cynic.
  And you know what?  I'm not about cynicism right now.
  Look at me.
  Look how I look.
  This is about embracing the other side and joining the party, joining the Avatar party.
  And this is I want to talk a little about this before we get into into Navi River journey, the primary if we have time.
  There's a lot to talk about.
  We may not have time.
  Right.
  But OK, so a couple of weeks ago, I think it was in the the Hapox ghost episode.
  We said we're going to do a celebration of Avatar.
  And by the way, I think this might be the only one on the main feed, but we're going to do a little more behind the Civico gate, of course.
  Oh, nice, nice.
  But so a lot of the party will be there.
  But anyway, so I think in that episode, I said I'm embracing Avatar.
  I'm blue pilled.
  I saw the rerelease and I loved it.
  And I want to I'm trying to think that this movie is going to be a great and amazing theatrical experience.
  And and so in sort of embracing Avatar, I guess I don't know.
  We announced that.
  And oh, that's what I was getting at was that it seems like more fun on the Avatar side.
  Right.
 The Avatar side is a party and the non Avatar side is a bunch of people like texting about how they don't understand Avatar.
  No one's having fun on that side.
  And this is what happened when we announced the series that we said we're going to do some Avatar stuff.
  Ninety nine percent of the audience was like, yeah, great.
  Gave us episode suggestions.
  Fun.
 That'll be fun.
  Civico, Mighty Akron, all that.
  And then a tiny sliver of people are like, yeah, here's a suggestion.
  Don't do it.
  Don't do this.
  I think are we not a little tired of this bit?  This is nothing but a failed bit.
  Can we wrap up the failed bits of talking about the biggest movie of the decade, possibly the century?  It churns my stomach when comedy podcasts I listen to do bits.
  God damn it.
  It is not what I am here for.
  Bits that deviates from the topic.
  This is we lost those people during the Prince thing already.
  So they're right.
  We're only among friends.
  This is as bad as when Mother puts her hands in front of her face when we play peekaboo and she disappears forever.
  Mother is never coming back.
  There is no way to solve this.
  My life is despair.
  Object permawuts?  No, I think it just really reminded me that I think if you're deciding I don't like Avatar at this point in time, and maybe this movie will not be good.
  And if it's not good, well, we should all admit that and move on.
  I'm not going to admit it.
  You won't admit it.
  I don't want to.
  I want it to be a party in the theater.
  I'm excited.
  It feels like the most like here is a mega blockbuster.
  We're seeing movies again in a big way.
  This isn't straight to streaming boring.
  Can I ask, are you going to then retroactively apply this new philosophy to all the bits on the show?  You're going to embrace Frank Marshall.
  You're going to embrace the briefcase story.
  You're going to embrace the plane.
  We will see.
  We'll see.
  We'll see.
  One thing at a time.
  We'll see if this starts.
  We'll be dressed as a plane in a couple of months maybe in an episode.
  In a couple of months I'll be saying I loved when Frank Marshall spoke to us.
  I loved his inspiring speech that did happen.
  That's great.
  But, you know, in talking about my evolution in this area, I do have to admit to something and I have to go back to a dark place and a more cynical place.
  That joke that I made at the beginning, this thing that everybody says at this point of, or I think we're getting over it culturally,  but this thing of can you even name a single character?  Right.
  So the other night I was out with my friend Brian Rowe, who hosts the podcast film at 50.
  Jason and I have both been on.
  He's a college friend of mine and somebody who I was living with when Avatar came out with the first one.
  And I was asking him his memories about, like, do you remember when that movie was going on?  Like, did you dig it?  And he said, well, I remember you didn't.
  I remember you were like, this sucks shit.
  I don't want to see this.
  And so that was pure cynicism back then.
  And then he said something that really fucked me up.
  And here it is.
  He said, I remember one time, like early on in the podcast, you guys were like making fun of Avatar.
  And you said, can you even name a single character in Avatar?  I made the joke.
  You made the joke.
  I made the joke that is now a hacky, hacky joke.
  But it was early.
  To be fair to you, it was early.
  It was early on.
  And I think a lot of people were.
  I think, well, I can't do that.
  I can't bring other people in.
  This is my own journey that I have to cop to and admit to.
  But I was ashamed in this moment.
  I can't believe I did the thing that everybody was doing, the thing that I disagree with now.
  I think that's weird.
  There's movies with a massive cultural impact where I don't think you could name a character.
  No.
  Like I was thinking about, like, get out.
  What are the names of the characters in Get Out?  You watched it recently.
  I watched it recently.
  Oh, I don't know the answer.
  I like it.
  But I like it.
  And it's clearly a phenomenon.
  I don't think the measure of it is necessarily, OK, well, then name five characters.
  I remember the scenes and the message and the filmmaking.
  Well, I remember.
  I had pulled up, like, popular.
  Like, I looked up just the phrase movies of 2009, the year it came out.
  And there was some good ones, like Fantastic Mr.
 Fox.
  I like a lot.
  And Glorious Basterds.
  I like a lot.
  And Glorious Basterds.
  I like a lot.
  And then it's just.
.
.
  Name a bastard.
  Name one bastard.
  It just goes downhill from there.
  It's like knowing, push, up in the air.
  Oh, Coraline was good.
  Couples retreat.
  Madea goes to jail.
  I've seen a lot of those movies.
  Her I can name.
  I can name Madea.
  I think we can all name Madea.
  Law abiding citizen gamer.
  Like, is this is grim stuff.
  The human centipede.
  Wait, I remember the name.
  Wait, maybe I don't.
  The name of the director is like a weird.
  It's like Tom Dex.
  Of what?  Of Human Centipede.
  It's a weird like Kurt, like Bo Ox.
  Yeah.
  What is it?  I like it.
  I can't name a character, but I do remember.
  Well, I don't remember his name.
  No, it's Stefan Johans.
  What?  Yeah.
  Who am I thinking of?  I don't want to get off that.
  Sorry, that might be the human centipede.
  Tom Six.
  Tom Six is what I'm thinking.
  Great name, Tom Six.
  But yeah, look, these are movies.
  What you're saying, Jason, is these are hit films of 2009.
  And we are running these through the fucking quiz device of can you name a character?  I think it's strange.
  I will say real quick, I hate to cut you off.
  I believe I did a very similar bit and I just looked it up at UCB and I did it 10 years ago in 2012.
  Okay.
  At another entertainment based debate show live called The Turn of the Nerds that I did for many years.
  This is primarily my career before the podcast was debating things on stage or on the internet.
  Wearing costumes in that case like I'm wearing.
  I must be flashing you, but you feel like you're debating a Navi.
  Well, I was representing Jake Sully.
  That's the gist of that show.
  I pick a character.
  But I was doing a similar bit.
  I don't know if I said the line.
  I'd have to find my notes.
  But the bit was like you can't, you don't know or it was like underlining people don't know this character.
  A thing that I did early, this is all in the weeds.
  You're literally in the weeds as you record.
  12 years ago when I did my second show ever at UCB, which is probably 2010, I was representing a show called NBC's The Cape.
  Which was a show that was a made up superhero and the whole bit was just reality show.
  No, it was a scripted drama show called NBC's The Cape.
  And the whole bit that worked the whole night was me just listing all the things as if people knew it.
  Like Max Malini and his underground carnival of crime.
  You have that without people who were just listening.
  He did not look that up.
  I did not look that up.
  You remembered Max Malini and his underground carnival.
  I have heard Mike say Max Malini and his underground carnival of crime so many times.
  By the way, we may as well second gate it now that I've said it.
  It doesn't sound like Mike to have some long pop cultural phrase in his head.
  He can just spit out at the drop of a hat.
  Ruvie, The Hypnotist I think and Rollo, there's Circus People and Mina Savari was on the show.
  So I think I established sort of a bit and then I did the same bit with Avatar a year or two later.
  Are you forgetting another podcast connection with that bit?  Yes.
  You had me dress up as a Navi.
  Oh yeah.
  I was cleaning out an old prop box and I found a skirt like a bamboo.
  I think you dress up as a lot of things in the last 12 years.
  I found like an old rotting tube of blue paint and like a rotting spandex blue shirt.
  Jason dressed up as Ted once and he drank blood.
  Actually, I dressed up as Ted a number of times.
  Just to go to bed.
  Just to go to jammies.
  I just want to admit that I probably also had a similar thing I said 10 years ago.
  What I'm getting at is I was, you know, because I do think there's just been two, there was one a couple years ago where I was like, we're still making this joke at this point.
  And I don't know if it's just because of doing this podcast.
  I know everyone in Avatar.
  I know Jake Sully and Natiri and Colonel Miles Corritch and Parker Selfridge and Dr.
 Grace Augustine, who is not Dr.
 Jackie Ogden.
  It might just be podcast.
  But also, I do think this movie has grown pop culturally, not like bigger than like opening weekends.
  But I think it I think it has lasted and it's lasted partially because of the theme parks and also, yes, exactly.
  Now, why are we not saying I don't think people even care about couples retreat anymore?  Why is this movie or like fucking like how about any of the streaming movies that well that was viewed by five billion people in the first hour?  Oh, OK.
 So now anyone name a character from Red Notice.
  The Grey Man.
  Name the Grey Man.
  The Grey Man.
  He's just calling the Grey Man.
  Is he just the Grey Man?  I'll assume Johnny Extraction, the main character from Extraction.
  I think look, Nicky Bird Box.
  I think I think we don't we won't know the impact of these for 10 years, but we could look at something like Lily Hammer, Netflix's first show starring one of my favorite actors of all time, Little Stephen, your favorite actors, Little Stephen, Little Stephen van Zandt from the East Street Band.
  And yes, I don't think people remember Lily.
  Lily Hammer has not necessarily grown.
  I'm not saying it's a bad show.
  I'm just saying it's not grown culturally.
  So but it was a big hit.
  I think if anything has it is this my appreciation for Avatar has grown.
  I think maybe all of ours has.
  And there's something about it's really it's Mike.
  It's what you do with a thousand things.
  You love something or you have a feeling about something and you can't tell.
  Do I put this in the Kitsch box or do I like it?  So maybe you put it in the Kitsch box because that's easier to process.
  The longer it stays in there, you decide I'm going to put it in that other box.
  And that's me with Avatar.
  It might be a lot of people with Avatar.
  Sure.
  Look, it's going to be the biggest movie of Christmas time of this year.
  There's no doubt about that.
  Of course, 2023, the big movie will be the Netflix crossover senior versus Stutz, which which will be a Robert Downey senior facing off against Jonah Hill's therapist.
  The two black and white Netflix documentaries that appear to be being released right around the same time.
  And they have big movie stars in them.
  But that doesn't mean these are vanity projects.
  Netflix wanted to tell the story of the less famous person.
  But look, senior versus Stutz, no matter who wins, we lose.
  It's an alien.
  It's an alien versus predator.
  It's an alien versus predator.
  It's pretty clear.
  We all.
  Yeah.
  Senior versus Stutz.
  Get ready for that.
  Can anyone name a predator?  I can't.
  I can't.
  You can.
  I don't even know that.
  I actually know.
  You know what?  I can name the toys.
  I can name the different toys of predator that necessarily didn't appear in the go ahead.
  Show laser shot predator.
  Yeah, I don't think that's what's in the movie.
  It's not.
  But it's cool.
  If you look it up, I just saw it in Target.
  I guess what I'm saying is I can stay ashamed that I made this joke or I can grow.
  I can evolve.
  I like Jake, who started as a mere jarhead, who was just following orders, who was just  moving robotically through day to day, not living life.
  And he went to, he did the biostasis and went to Pandora and he was born anew and rose to  become a Taruk Makhto.
  And that's what I'm doing today, who of course is the ultimate Navi warrior who led them  to redemption against the sky people.
  Of course.
  And that's what I'm trying to do currently and in this episode in an embracing avatar.
  And I thank all of you for embracing me on this journey.
  Well, we welcome you.
  We say, and I have to do this one more time.
  Well, Nahti Kame, I see you.
  I see you.
  I see you, Jason.
  Jason, I see you.
  Could you say it to him?  Well, Nahti Kame.
  Wow.
  Well, Nahti Kame.
  And I would like Mike and Jason to say, I see you to each other.
  But I think because that plant is there, I think you literally can't see each other.
  I cannot see your face.
  Well, Nahti Kame.
  Now put it back again like the viper wolves in the distance.
  This is beautiful.
  This is the most, it's as sincere of an episode as I assume Way of Water will be as a film.
  So I guess it would just, you know, to not take too long, though we could certainly talk about general avatar world, we should probably start dipping into Navi River Journey.
  Yes.
  The other big avatar ride, we sort of talked about Flight of Passage, a live show a couple years ago.
  We'll talk about the cereal on a second gate, I think.
  Are you declaring that the cereal is its own?  I think so.
  Well, I don't know.
  Well, maybe it's its own.
  We'll talk about it.
  We have to discuss it.
  We actually don't know what the other ones are.
  But we know main feed, Navi River Journey, you got to do the big other ride.
  And maybe the cereal is its own.
  One episode on the cereal, one episode on the weird babies, the weird doll babies.
  Oh yeah, there are weird ones.
  It's not a bad pitch for what they are.
  We'll see.
  One of them may have already come out.
  You might know what it is.
  But anyway, Navi River Journey is what we're here for.
  And I don't know.
  I mean, how to even get into it?  I mean, this is a ride that is the Avatar vibe fully.
  Like the whole journey of it is just swim in the Avatar vibe for seven minutes.
  And it's not about story and it's not about conflict.
  It's just like a story through experience.
  Soak this up.
  Yeah.
  Just going through the rainforest down the, hold on, I have it.
  I got to.
  I got to.
  The Kaspa Van River.
  I think maybe V, it might be Kazva Pan.
  Kazva Pan, okay.
  Possibly.
  If I copy pasted.
  Whose copy and paste was correct?  Yeah, in the Moara Valley.
  Yeah, of course the Moara Valley.
  Yeah, this is, I would say this is, obviously the Flight of Passage is the.
.
.
  E-ticket.
  E-ticket.
  The one everybody knows, the one everybody probably would prefer to go on.
  But in a lot of ways, this is more the Avatar ride in its tone and its mood.
  Yeah, it's got the bioluminescence.
  It's got the creatures.
  Because even though the movie, look, Avatar has to have action in it because it has to appeal to the masses.
  But if it was, I think it's just because people like that in movies.
  But truly, I think if it was as pure.
.
.
  I think if James Cameron who had his druthers, it would just be more peaceful.
  It would be more just sort of a hangout movie.
  You think that James Cameron, the director of Terminator and Terminator and True Lies, did not want to.
.
.
  He was forced to put action into.
.
.
  Well, by the public in a way, yeah.
  And then they're going to want that shit.
  Yeah, but it's only, I think if, you know, he's talking about now if two and three, they have four and five ready to go.
  But he's like, I don't know, we'll see if it makes money and then that'll happen.
  But I feel like if you really can expand the Avatar universe, there's going to be a lot more chilled out movies.
  There's going to be more.
.
.
  Just kind of a not so worried about plot, just kind of like a.
.
.
  Because that's what everybody likes.
  Richard Linklater type.
  Like Slacker, yeah, I was going to say like Slacker.
  Yeah, it'll be like that.
  Because everyone, I think, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.
  Everybody's favorite part of Flight of Passage is the quiet part.
  Is when you kind of park in the cave and you see the bioluminescence and everything lights up.
  Don't would you? I mean, maybe I'm incorrect here.
  I have not like watched a ride through of it since doing it.
  So I don't remember the scenes so thoroughly.
  Jason, you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
  I watched a.
.
.
  You don't remember going into the cave?  Then we look it up and there was no scene like that.
  I know there's a scene.
  I know this is right.
  I recall, yeah, it does like really, as opposed to Soarin', which is like a serene ride.
  It does like step down for a minute.
  It does the thing I talk about.
  I guess it's sort of intimate.
  But it's like the things I was talking about on a ride like when C-3PO wheels around and he goes,  looks like we've just joined the Rebel Alliance.
  And there's like a beat.
  It's a good like solid beat of like, take it in.
  This is what we're doing.
  It's longer than that though on Flight of Passage where you park and there's this whole like kind of lights display.
  You watched that kind of a color transformation in the cave.
  Yes.
  Okay, okay.
  But it's an interesting like nice like pause point in the middle of a more action ride.
  Well, I watched a lot of the videos leading the making of Pandora.
  A lot of them are still online.
  Some of them are still online, but websites and YouTube channels have put their watermark in the corner  despite it being like clearly Disney promotional stuff.
  Fuck you.
  Jason's called you out motherfuckers.
  Get your water.
  It's not the way of watermark.
  Nice try assholes.
  But they do talk about in that ride that depending on what level you end up on, the ride is a little different.
  Right, like Soren's like that.
  Yeah, Soren's like that too.
  You don't want to be.
  You can't plan to go like.
  I guess you can request.
  I know you can ask on Soren to go in the road.
  Okay, you can.
  Yeah, you can.
  I mean, you can ask on any ride to go front row.
  Oh, like they'll be they'll they might go like you might hear a noise.
  Yeah, but they will oftentimes if you just go, oh, can I go on front row?  Maybe we haven't talked about this on the show.
  That would be insane after five years.
  But if for most rides at Disneyland, at least you can go and ask the cast member and be polite and just go, would it be possible?  We'll wait.
  But like, could we go in the front row like the first row or we can go like you can make a request and they'll generally kind of pull you to the side.
  And you'll just wait a little like an extra couple of minutes.
  Yes.
  So yeah, for Soren, at least you can do that.
  And I would assume has pre show rooms.
  Yeah, that other you're right.
  That might be too complicated.
  It's like depending on where you go with the pre show is where you end up level wise.
  Right.
  Such a big, big I mean, I'm sure a cast member knows, but I don't know if people have.
  Yeah.
  Experience.
  Well, is there a preferred spot on it?  I actually don't know.
  Center better because the I'm just comparing it to Simpson slash back to the future where if you're in a severe corner, more so than Soren.
  Soren kind of everywhere is OK, but you can get kind of bendy if you're in a corner.
  If you get under if you're on the third row.
  Yeah.
  You really see this curve under of the of the circular screen and then you see the legs.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think Simpson's especially bad slash back to the future.
  Yeah.
  I actually don't know the prime flight of passage.
  Compare that to Navi River Journey, which it's like, as you said, you already said intimate, but a number of places when I was reading about that said like, oh, this is a boat ride.
  It's a Disney boat ride, but it's more intimate than, say, like Pirates of the Caribbean and stuff because the boats are smaller.
  The boats fit like six to eight people.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  And they're that small, really?  Yeah.
  That's probably why.
  And because I also looked at like, what are the average wait times?  And it is often above an hour.
  Oh, yeah.
  I've never gotten right on this.
  Yeah.
  What you I think the land is so popular and it's always popular, even years after it opened.
  I guess that makes sense that it would be that long.
  It's I mean, look, I guess this is I don't have to say this, but it's too short.
  It is too short.
  That's the only problem with it as far as I'm concerned.
  And I feel like that's part of why they can't can't run people through it.
  Yeah.
  It's like pirates is notoriously people eating.
  Yeah.
  In the sense that like it's such a long ride.
  So you can like send people down there and they'll be there for it.
  It feels like you're in.
  It feels like you're on pirates for an hour every time you're not.
  But it's such a long ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So this is but the Navi River journey is so quick.
  Well, let me throw this down as a just to inform the rest of the discussion.
  I think I alluded to this in a previous episode while I am trying to embrace Avatar and be a Tarrouk Mukto.
  My initial reaction to this ride is I did not love this ride.
  I have no hate in my heart for this ride.
  But on the day, this was the this ride was the moment where I was like, I do want to tap out of Avatar vibe.
  I have had enough of it for this morning.
  Really?  It was.
  And I think it is the line that killed it.
  I think because it was a long wait and there's not a lot going on in that queue.
  So I think my general theory is if this word for what you get for what the ride is, I think if that line was 20 minutes, I think that's great.
  You're sailing.
  And while that was fun, but the buildup becomes so much after 45 to an hour, we've talked about this before.
  We talked about talked about on the Spider-Man, not islands, the California Adventure Ride.
  If a line has like if you can see the line the whole time, psychologically, it makes it worse in the sense that when a line like Flight of Passage, which is an insanely long line, has so many different scenes and you don't know where you're going.
  And you're always like you could probably forget the order of scenes in it.
  If yeah, like resistance.
  Yeah, every every room is pretty different.
  Now it's the outside part.
  Now here's kind of the lab is the artillery part.
  Here's the you would rather wait in a probably like an hour long hour and a half long line like that versus 30 minutes in a line that just kind of feels like they've temporarily set up a line like for a shoe release or something.
  Yes.
  And then looking at it, it's kind of this like woven ceiling vibe and there is the woven is the term I think for a lot of the aesthetics of this.
  It's like kind of a kind of an overhang that's like a canopy.
  It's kind of like where the Navib sleep a little bit.
  And then there's like woven gifts or like tributes to a wall.
  They're God.
  Of course, we know we can name this.
  We all know.
  But and and then the boats themselves are a woven kind of vibe.
  Yeah.
  Read boats, I think is what you call the boats.
  But so which and it's cool.
  The environment is cool.
  But you get in there and yes, it shows all its cards.
  I'm going to be going back and forth in this room for a long time.
  And it's that animal kingdom heat and humidity.
  Uh huh.
  And it yeah, I think I needed it to be like spectacular.
  And when the line in the way.
  Right.
  And when the line is so compact like that, it's also there's a psychological thing.
  I think it happens when you start to you, you incorrectly perceive how quick it is.
  Like where you go, OK, it looks like we go like here and we loop around and then we're in.
  And then you might loop around and you go, holy shit, I didn't realize that the thing is so compact.
  There's like three more lanes I have to go through before it gets there.
  Does that happen to you?  Because I have you like time unlock.
  Yeah, you realize, oh, no, I did not have you think.
  Yeah, there's a little zone.
  Right to the zone.
  Yeah, you miss zones all the time when you're in and when cues like this because your brain goes, oh, it seems like it's 10 minutes because it's like real close.
  And you go, oh, my God, no, there's an extra extra like, yeah, it's all like a weird maze.
  Well, so the day we did it, it was also the hottest day of the week we were there.
  That was the hottest day.
  OK, yeah, sure.
  Worst part to be in on the hottest day.
  And then the next day at Islands of Adventure was the coldest day.
  So but I have a different scenario that when I was down with my family, we got in line for this just as it started pouring rain.
  OK, really hard.
  So it was kind of a feeling of thank God we're in this cave for 40 minutes.
  Thank thank who?  Thank Awa.
  Yes.
  Excuse me.
  Yeah.
  Oh, no, that that actually, you know, that's that's where the day impacts your experience on the right.
  So you it's it's shelter to you.
  It's like, you know, cozy made by the by the locals shelter.
  Yeah, it was it's very like comforting inviting.
  The other thing.
  Well, I think Jane ducked out of the line and came back to use the bathroom.
  And they also like they kind of know this line is a little oppressive because they had cards ready.
  It's like, oh, OK, here, take this and then give it back to me when you come back and we will let you back in the line.
  Well, I like that.
  I give you to the cards.
  This is a very this is implemented more often usage.
  But but so like if you are caught in a downpour and you're in Pandora, your options are getting one of the big lines, go in the pretty small store or go in the fairly large restaurant.
  But I think everyone is going to the fairly large dress.
  There's a lot of covered outdoor seating at the restaurant.
  OK, sure.
 Yeah.
  OK, so given so well, this is maybe proof that the line experience does impact your feeling on this.
  Yes, because this as we said, this is not a plot driven ride.
  If you haven't been on it, not at all.
  It might be one of the least plot driven rides there there is.
  This is a vibes based ride.
  Yeah, like Small World, like Small World doesn't have a plot.
  Yeah.
  Now, yes.
  And I figured I figured Small World and maybe other like slow, slow moving boats would come up.
  And there's no plot to Small World.
  But let me here's why I like Small World more than Navi River Journey.
  There is, as you were saying with the line progression there, there's every room is a little different.
  Here's here's Ireland.
  Here's India.
  Here's South America.
  And here it's the big grand room where everything's like gold.
  And it's longer.
  And it's longer.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  And you know, it doesn't like I don't know.
  It's it's it's scenes and moments.
  Oh, and there's the crocodile.
  And then here's the one who's like on the tightrope.
  And this ride kind of feels like it's all the same a little bit.
  Like, am I crazy to say that that you not like Pete?  Like there's not seen there's not mood change.
  There's not.
 Yes.
  It's not even a mood change like you described in Flight of Passage where I now here's the part where it's kind of dark and still.
  And that's different than where it's like glowing and sunny and golden, you know, golden yellow out there.
  Well, it's interesting.
 I think it kind of builds like it's it's like the first chunk of the ride is the jungle, you know, and you're just sort of getting you see some Navi pretty quickly.
  The viper wolves, which I keep saying that phrase, the kind of panther like creatures that are in the distance.
  Yes, which I believe are screens.
  I feel like I heard at some point like this, I think is a great use of like screens in the distance, but a lot of practical sets kind of disguising that their screen practical stuff really like on the board.
  You know, it's it's like so everything's like there's natural shapes and canopies kind of like infused into the screen.
  So it doesn't feel like here is a here is a hard rectangle where the screen begins.
  Yeah.
 So you kind of get your bearings like in the jungle and then you start to hear more music in the distance.
  People off stage singing and stuff.
  And then as you come up on the big star of the ride, it's one creature singing directly at you.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But do you but I don't feel like those environments are radically different.
  Like I don't I don't feel any like there's the jungle.
  But then there's this.
 Yeah.
  It kind of is all the same, which is not that's not the you know, I don't mean to hold it to the fire in that way.
  I ride through one.
 It's a very cool place.
  I think I think people would like it better overall.
  I think it would have more raves if not even lengthwise.
  I think if it did a little bit of what you're talking about felt like there were more distinct pieces for it because like most rides that people like.
  I've said some sort of version of this theory and I'm going to I don't probably won't be the exact same.
  But like every ride is like five moves.
  There's like a big move that it'll have.
  Like you have to remember like kind of tent poles of it.
  And it's not necessarily about length.
 It's about like memorability.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 And it does.
  So if it's a two and a half minute ride and you remember like five distinct pieces or move, think of it as a sweet.
  Think of it as a piece of music.
  What what nightmare are you going to break?  Call.
 What are you going to compare it to?  Why? Tchaikovsky's second.
  All right.
 All right.
  All right.
 I haven't heard the name Armstrong yet.
  I'm happy.
  You were expecting him to go like and when Black Hole Sun starts.
  That's that's more reputable than some of the stuff lately.
  21st century breakdown.
  Like so when this Third Eye Blind song that you've never heard begins.
  This not famous Third Eye Blind song.
  I think that's a fair criticism.
  I think maybe I knew going in a lot of what they were trying to do.
  I can't remember the I did this first or saw the Imagineering story, which also came out in 2019.
  I think that we were on it before.
  I think that may have cemented in my mind.
  The reason I started liking it more was that.
  Sorry.
 I'm just grabbing the water.
  It's just not difficult about this reaching through a potted plant.
  And you should probably do a little ICU to me because you just took an offer like you took you took from the land.
  Well, not a coming.
  I'd grab the one on top.
  It's really bothering me.
 I can't see Jason's face.
  No, we don't know.
  We like that.
 We like that.
  Yeah.
 Sorry.
  Jordan's Jordan's saying no, I leave this part in Jordan also.
  I'm just think that we want this top water bottle.
  Look, have I been spending the entirety of recording looking at it out of the corner of my eye because I'm terrified it's going to clatter to the table and scare me.
  Yeah.
 Oh, I've had I don't know.
  I don't have a lot of like face paint on very often.
  If you can imagine, I'm not going to I'm not putting on like Raider face paint or whatever.
  So having the dark blue right next to me makes me feel like a bug is on my face and it's going to like like chomp my eye any minute.
  So we're all having periphery problems.
  But and Mike, you're fine.
  You're fine.
  Everything's fine.
  You got nothing to worry about here.
  I got a coffee and a plant.
  But so the Imagineering story, I think what made me like this ride more because I liked it a lot like when we were riding it.
  And I really enjoyed it.
  I think I had heard Rody Rody's quote on this ride that's been repeated a few times.
  This is intended for it was just plain beauty.
  And and Cameron, too, I feel like it's like this is just a beautiful experience and bioluminescence.
  You get see so much of the bioluminescence.
  But in the Imagineering story, they say they were trying to do something that they hadn't done before, which is evoke feelings of serenity, which rides don't often do.
  Sure.
 Right.
 It's like a spa.
  Today's spa ride.
  Yeah.
  It's like a peaceful day spa ride, which makes sense then that you're not going to have like a scene that feels like a little more tumultuous.
  And it sounds good to me.
  Like I think it's like this is length.
  I think it's length.
  Well, let me say because I find Soren to be a serene ride to be like that's the equivalent of like driving up to the winery for the day.
  Sure.
  But there's still but it seems there's like an hour here and now we're here.
  I think there is a way for this to have the serenity, but also a little more of moves as might to combine both of your interests.
  It kind of reminds me of the opening of Animal Kingdom as a whole, where it's like, oh, we're trying to do something different.
  We're trying to show, you know, man's fascination with nature and animals and stuff.
  And people kind of responded to that with like, but what about rides?  Yeah.
  Are you like these ingrates, these fools?  No, no, I think I think it is a thing that designers and companies need to consider more is like, well, how are normal people going to perceive this?  Like, how are your neighbors or your distant relatives?  How are your cousins?  Yeah.
  How are dads? How are your cousins?  I mean, they do need to think about cousins.
  I think.
  Yeah.
  And they know we are.
  The theme parks are not polling cousins.
  Yeah.
  That's not like that.
  I don't like the phrase that phrase.
  Polling.
  Who do you think buys the tickets?  All I know is Bob Iger is going to poll cousins.
  That's one of the things he's going to be doing now that he's back.
  So, yeah, I, I do think you need less.
  Yeah.
  It's an interesting experiment to see if this ride like what is a 15 minute version of this ride look like with no moves, quote unquote.
  Mm hmm.
  I don't think that's rough.
  But I don't I don't know that it's rough.
  I think maybe though you're calm.
  Like, you know, you go into a day spa.
  It's it lasts 30 minutes, 45 minutes, an hour, depending, maybe longer.
  You go into the sauna.
  You go.
  There's a whole thing.
  It's not.
  Have you, by the way, Mike, have I been to a day spa?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Not often.
  And have you ever done a massage or whatever in Vegas?  I have not.
  No.
  Jason.
  I'm like too.
  I'm too uptight to even do it.
  Not in Vegas.
  A couple of times.
  Like in L.
A.
  Every time I go to L.
A.
  I feel like I've literally had a massage five times in my life, I think.
  Yeah.
  Every time I go in L.
A.
, it's like not I don't know.
  I don't know if it's a way to massage town.
  Planet Hollywood.
  Where's this going?  That was hard.
  We split.
  We did a fast.
  The reason I the reason I say that I get so excited is because this woman gave me a massage  at Planet Hollywood that no hotel, not the restaurant.
  Yeah.
  The waitress at Planet Hollywood, the server at Planet Hollywood.
  She used the hands from she used the hand from the Adams family thing.
  She pulled thing out.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Drop the L.
A.
 lasagna and then, you know, take out the thing.
  She's rubbing L.
A.
 lasagna sauce on my back.
  She took the naked Stallone out and put me in that tub and I stripped nude and then I  got a massage by from thing from the Adams family.
  Honestly, that sounds great.
  That's what massages were.
  The only thing was it was just I was on display for the entire restaurant.
  But that was worth it for free massage.
  Worth the shame.
  But anyway, the one time I had this massage in Vegas, I remember after we're just like  kind of turning my neck and going, my neck feels cleaner.
  Mm hmm.
  Like I just remember it feeling just like she whatever she did, she really knew what  she was doing.
  And then afterward, yeah, there's just a whole area where like there's a sauna.
  You can just chill out.
  And there's some people in there depending on how busy it is.
  But but he doesn't let me say this even is in a day spa.
  Aren't there like the different rooms?  That's like very different vibes.
  I'm not against steps to the so I think a day spa experience can still have.
  Here is the stone room.
  Yeah, sure.
  Son of part or whatever.
  Yeah, I'm not against moves because they're peaceful moves.
  It's not like we want to have a fight break out during this ride.
  Yes, I know what.
  Yeah, I don't think I would pitch anything that is beyond.
  Yeah, I understand the vibe.
  But this just it felt to me like it almost felt to me like the the like the ride that  takes you to another.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Another place.
  So when it's over, it feels a little like that was OK.
  I and I think I would if it was even just here's the part where you go through a  cave and it's pretty dark and there's only a couple sparse glowing creatures or  or you like you are about to hit a waterfall, but then it clears right before.
  So, you know, like I think there's ways to keep the vibe but still have moments you  remember.
 I mean, I think we're running into I think it was budget.
  I think I remember reading this was cut.
  But it wasn't.
  Yeah.
 And this may be total conjecture.
  I don't know.
  But I remember at the time reading that this wasn't the I mean, nothing is ever the  blue sky version.
  Well, you might be butting up against practical reality because both these rides, you  don't really pay attention to this.
  You can't help from the outside.
  They made a mistake.
  They regret it now, I believe, because the issue with this and I think we talked  about it before.
  Maybe we didn't is that both flight of passage and River Journey are in the same  building.
  So the problem with that is if somebody pulls a fire alarm, it shuts down both  rides.
  Yeah.
  And I think it was a practical like they were like, oh, this makes sense.
  We'll build it on top of it or each other.
  But I think there's issues now with like one.
  Both rides have to go down at the same time if something like that happens.
  Imagine if that was the case in Galaxy's Edge with how often these are like these  are pretty prickly rides.
  They do things that have never been done.
  So, yeah, I guess I'm pretty far apart.
  Yeah, no, no, no, no.
  Yes, a whole other because Falcon's a huge building.
  Falcon's huge.
  Yeah, I know this because I would bring you up to the top of the parking garage and  show you that's the building.
  We would.
  Yes, we would look down from that parking garage.
  So, yeah, I think from the message boards I read at the time, I think the vision of  this was grander.
  But then, yeah, the issue is like if you want peaceful stuff, you can't throw in  mood like I guess I like you can't you can't keep the same vibe going and then  change things drastically.
  I feel like what is it?  How long is the ride?  Do you have the exact time?  Yes, four minutes or something.
  It feels like they went with, okay, we want this one feeling versus we want to  continually throw stuff at you because that's what it would have to be then, I think.
  I swear it is just like here's the like this room is really pink in this room because  there are like here's pink plants.
  Yeah.
  Which I have, you know, like I should say the actual names.
  I believe the panopyrus are the very pink plants.
  They're all kind of like round and jelly fishy.
  So it's a little tough to tell them apart.
  But there's a room where there's a lot of panopyrus.
  So if you were if it was even more if you were so flooded that it was like, all right,  that was the pink part.
  Yeah.
  I'm not asking for much.
  No, I know.
  I mean, there's probably little tweaks.
  I guess you could throw a cave in there.
  Cave would be great.
  A cave because like, okay, you're outside.
  So you're not going to change the like the like makeup of the sky isn't going to  change immediately.
  It's not going to I mean, I feel like the most memorable part up until the shaman is  the frogs on the lily or not the frogs.
  Excuse me.
  I forget what the name of these creatures.
  Wait.
  Oh, I think I have it.
  The ones above you.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  You have those on there.
  Could it be the pro lemur is the pro lemur is the pro lemur is that sounds.
  Do you think I mean, this is kind of it's not quite a froggy creature.
  But does that seem correct what I'm showing you right now?  I think there's there.
  Well, there are shadows.
  They're kind of silhouettes because you're looking maybe you can't tell.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There is there's a scattering of fan lizards.
  Fan lizards kind of had a little moment in the movie.
  I have some photos here.
  Yeah.
  Let's let's see some of those fan because this is the slightest difference.
  I feel I think I sent you fan.
  They're spinning around.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I but my favorite discovery of them was that on the Avatar Wikipedia, according to James  Cameron's Avatar, an activist survival guide, which is a 200 plus page book about the background  of the world of Pandora, the fan lizard is one of Dr.
 Grace Augustine's favorite animals  on Pandora.
  Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, there they are heard and narrowed down  because she knows them all and catalogs them and appreciates them and sees them.
  And we're looking at a fan lizard here now.
  And it's it's it's a spinny airborne creature, which makes it a little tough to tell the  difference between a fan lizard and a wood sprite.
  Can we now see a wood sprite?  Because a wood sprite is my favorite.
  I'm no doctor, but I love how slight and and delicate and feathery these are like they're  like jellyfish, but with even less structure and biology.
  And I love these in the movie.
  Yeah, very much that like that.
  Then it looks so good in the recent in the release.
  They did see in these in 3D and they look really great in the red.
  This here's the thing I like in the ride a lot is seeing these guys floating around.
  Because how do you even like produce?  How do you like?  Of course, the imaginary can make like a big dumb blunt object.
  How do you make things so slight that it feels like it might dissolve if one drop of water hits it?  They were selling like Christmas ornament versions of these and they were kind of rubbery,  plasticky, and I was like, oh, that looks kind of cool.
  And I picked it up and I'm like, this feels like it's pretty broken for thirty dollars.
  I don't I don't want to take the risk to transport this back to California.
  Oh, bummer.
 Yeah, that's not the spirit of these.
  There's these are wispy.
  They're in the wind.
  There's a lot of things on this ride that are not easily overlooked and probably like being difficult to create.
  Like it's because it's so subtle.
  It's like the Shaman of Song is just impressive normally.
  But yes, you're right.
  Like how do you make this thing glow and how do you make it?  Yeah, wait.
 Yeah.
 How are you lighting it?  Is it sort of a lighting implement itself like the plants and Pandora?  Right.
  I mean, I guess there's a fiber optic kind of way, but then it has to fly and not just it doesn't just float like it.
  It really it billows.
  It looks like an underwater creature, but in the air and there's no like and there's no, you know,  multi-part book like the Haunted Mansion on this yet.
  The building of this.
 No, no.
  There's no picture of Gail Gracie type or Joe Rody.
  Nobody's getting credit for making these wood spray.
  This is where I think, you know, if the line is still muddy of like where does my genuine avatar?  I think it's all here.
  I love the wood sprite so much.
  I wish they were in reality and I left the IMAX 3D screening of it a couple months ago feeling like I think I had a little bit of that avatar depression.
  I'm like, I'm going to go outside and there's no wood sprites.
  I don't get to show my son a wood sprite.
  We can't catch a wood sprite on our hands.
  The wood sprites are in that moment.
  I'm talking about in Flight of Passage.
  Okay.
  There is something.
  I think I said this before.
  The first time Lindsay and I went on Flight of Passage, we heard people react in the sense of like they were being pulled out of their favorite place.
  Like as soon as the ride was over, the people next to us went, oh, like, oh, like, put me back in the womb.
  Like, like, I want to go back.
  Like, let me go back.
  Wow.
  That's how I'm going to feel when I have to wipe this face paint off.
  Oh, no.
  Well, you can always, you know, you can always put it back on tomorrow.
  Every day until the movie comes out, which as we record this, it's still got like a month to go.
  Did you see?  I also keep, I keep catching my hands in the view.
  Yeah, your hands are slowly becoming blue.
  Yes.
  Well, no, they became blue first because I had to use them to put the makeup on.
  And I'm very disturbed at how I've washed my hands several times.
  And this is the results.
  They're still rather blue.
  Aaron said I'm going to get into arrested development.
  Yeah.
  Territory is going to be like blue touches all over the house for months.
  There there's like we've talked about the small world has like kind of a warehouse feel, which I believe I criticized and everybody else said they liked it.
  And I think maybe everyone else is right that it's like I think no, I think I like I love the industrial.
  Yes.
  But I acknowledge I think I believe that that's correct.
  I think I've changed my mind on it since I've gone because this is five years ago when we talked about this.
  Yeah, that's that's something in the five years we all have plenty of time to grow.
  Yeah, which I and I know the pressure is on for me to evolve and start to see the briefcase story.
  Someone I think an iTunes review once where like you guys change your mind all the time.
  It was like, yes, we're correct because we're human.
  Correct were evolved because we take in information and then we proceed differently.
  Maybe that's maybe if that's what our politicians did.
  All right, Cameron.
  All right.
  Slow it down.
  But this right.
  I think this all right is also a little bit of a victim of the size of the rooms are small.
  Yeah.
  And you can feel it.
  It doesn't feel like pirates when you're at the start where you kind of you know you're in a big building when you're on the bayou.
  But you kind of don't you kind of your brain can kind of go get tricked and go like we're like in the night.
  We're in nighttime.
  Yeah.
  Well, OK, this for sure is budget or who knows if this was even in the cards ever.
  But you talk about like evolution.
  If this ride just had there's a little drop and it does not even need to be a thrilling drop, but just kind of like to get you from here to here.
  There's a little drop that gives you a little bit of speed and then you land in this beautiful grotto or whatever.
  Is that not a moment?  Is that not that makes you great?  That makes you feel like you've gone somewhere.
  Yes, like a lot.
  Yeah, they're going to call it a journey because this ride loads like pirates in Orlando.
  In the sense that it's a pirate center.
  Orlando just starts.
  You don't have that great mood building build up to the actual ride pre show kind of.
  And yeah, it feels like from Q to the launch of the ride, you don't get immersed.
  You're just kind of just thrown in there.
  And it's yeah, you want you want to relax into it.
  You know what they do sometimes with a day spa, Scott, is they kind of put you in there.
  They put there's music on peaceful music.
  Maybe they'll like kind of just put a towel on.
  You get ready.
  You lie.
  You have a nice lead up up to like the massage or whatever.
  Like there's a whole I could use this.
  I think you would love it.
  I'm an uptight man, especially if you had a vague student Vegas.
  Yeah, maybe your home away from home.
  But then I go there for I don't relax in Vegas.
  It's like activity.
  You know, like you like music.
  Well, we were both getting this is also like eight or nine years.
  I'm sure I've said this before.
  Like we were late getting to this massage and it was very stressful.
  Oh, I see.
  You had a bunch of.
  But yeah, no, do it once at least there maybe.
  But sure.
  But I OK, we could maybe we could talk a little about the or a bunch about like the big ticket item.
  Yeah.
  In the ride, because this is pretty undeniable.
  And I have you know, I can't you know, of course I like what it builds.
  What it builds to, which is the Navi Shaman of Song.
  Of course.
  I mean, this is an undeniable aspect of it.
  It's a pretty jaw dropping animatronic that is.
  Yes, not huge.
  That is because you don't see Navi wandering around.
  There's no physical manifestation of Navi in the land or in the other ride, which is more of a screen based ride.
  So this is kind of your this is your chance to see other than the scale of the Navi.
  Oh, right.
  Other than the tank in this.
  Yeah.
  There's a Navi in a water tank, which I read was just put back in.
  It was missing for a while.
  Really?  There was a full size Navi like rotating in a water coffin.
  Basically a clear water coffin.
  Yes.
  And yeah, it was gone for a little while, but I believe it's back.
  But that's yeah, the only other.
  Yeah, actual practical Navi in the land.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They talked about how like, well, we can't really have them walking around because they're like very skinny and 12 feet tall, 10 feet taller, however tall they are.
  What I found says how also that they have wildly active tails.
  And therefore to truly be a Navi, that tail is it can't be like Mickey.
  We all of course all the characters have tails in the walk around.
  Or are they not?  Do they just not do Mickey's tail due to like yank possibilities?  Mickey doesn't have a tail, I don't think, because he's got it stuffed in his little red shorts.
  I guess so.
 Yes.
  OK, so there aren't a lot of tails around.
  Maybe I'm wrong.
  But the Shaman of Song's tail is pretty wild.
  It's wildly active.
  Yes, wildly active.
  I kind of missed watching the video.
  You see, this is one of the things where like they know immediately.
  I'm sure they did tests to try to figure out.
  I think maybe I'm wrong, but they did tests to see if there's a way we could do Navi walking around.
  I'm pretty sure that's the case.
  But now, like in the early days of Disneyland, they would just go, ah, looks good enough.
  Let's throw it out there.
  I wish that was the case now.
  I wish there were like years of shitty Navi walking around and we could look back in the same way you can look back at those like nightmare mice.
  Mickey and Minnie from the early Disneyland with holes in their faces.
  At least they tried.
  Yeah, I wish we like people.
  They know too much.
  There's too much of a good like a standard for them to do a bad job.
  I like when there's a weird of course, I'm going to goof on it.
  But it's funny when there's like a pre evolution, like some of the the initial way they presented Jack Skellington was really stupid.
  Very unsettling.
  I think it looks pretty good now.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think that nailed it now.
  So there should have been a version where like people were wearing like platform shoes with the makeup you have on.
  Being like, hello.
  I'll do it.
  Welcome to Pandora.
  And then like they were like, oh, this looks like shit.
  We got to stop this.
  It didn't happen.
  And I guess I don't think it's going to happen, but it could.
  I feel like they could do it.
  I feel like it's just like you got to have a lot of like stunt performers and it's going to be.
  And they have to be really skinny.
  You have to get you have to get the most.
  That's true.
  The slightest.
  I mean, you could be a Navi.
  You're a tall.
  You're part of the way there.
  I am part of the way there.
  I could be a Navi, but I feel like I'm not in the shape of a Navi.
  You would have to lose like I'm not saying this is no comment on your just to be a Navi.
  You have to lose like 90 pounds.
  Yeah, did you get some sort of wasting disease?  Now casting tall, tall people with wasting disease for.
  If I could look, if they if they if the pay is right and if I know Disney.
  It's going to be it's going to be they respect their performance famous famous for their generosity.
  Absolutely.
  Employee compensation.
  All those companies they buy to Marvel famous for the culture gets better.
  Yeah, it's actually better.
  Actually, Pixar probably is known for that.
  That's good.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  Just any number of psycho of control.
  I got a guy that goes used to be skulking around there.
  High pay, but you got to give out some hugs.
  That's all.
  Now, this is where I like.
  I don't know the conditions if you work at Light Storm Entertainment, but I know if you work on a James Cameron production, he's probably screaming at you.
  But he doesn't then go do all these interviews where he acts like he's a kind benevolent.
  I think he owns, although I think he's maybe I think we're maybe in a mock to of Cameron.
  I was going to say, I think he might be chilled out.
  Funny is today that there is a GQ profile out about Cameron, and I only saw the excerpt where he talks about like, well, my automatic weapons and my security guards.
  I, you know, I don't need them in New Zealand, but I, you know, I had them at my estate in Malibu and he's like, they don't really want automatic weapons.
  Does he have like Zealand?  Does Miles Quaritch guard James Cameron's house?  Here's what I'll say.
  Cameron says he's like an expert level marksman because he got the guy who would go on to train Keanu Reeves how to be John Wick.
  Really?  To teach him how to shoot.
  Wow.
  Does mean most people I would say, yes, that person's a fool.
  But Cameron did just like work his way into being like the greatest deep sea diver and navigator.
  Are there guns on his submarine?  Whoa.
  Because he's in one of those small yellow submarines where he goes to the bottom of the ocean.
  I assume every other day when he's not shooting or like I bet you can't see him if you look at it, but I bet he's got a little compartment that they like unfurl.
  Right.
  Start to start firing at if a plankton looks at him the wrong way.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Does he have his own, does James Cameron have his own SeaQuest DSV style vehicle that's like a massive like Starship Enterprise under the water?  Was that the deal?  It was like a, because it's a set in the show.
  So where the show is set is like a gigantic undersea.
  Yeah.
  I don't know the scale.
  I think the Starship Enterprise is all of their incarnations are probably bigger, but it's still like a pretty decent sized crew in living quarters and it's like they're on a long mission.
  Yeah.
  I'm pretty sure.
  I see.
  So I'm just, I'm asking questions as usual.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  He could probably like, I bet the guy can like, if there's an attacker on the property, he can jump in the air like 20 feet and then like land right on the guy's eyeballs.
  His toes go straight into ice pockets.
  Yeah.
  And that's the end to him.
  Can't shoot if you can't see.
  Yeah.
  Would you go in a submarine?  I've asked this before about certain people and would you go in a submarine with James Cameron?  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Maybe not in general, but you assume he's yeah.
  I guess I should trust a submarine.
  Someone whose only job is submarine captain more than I trust James Cameron.
  But get in a fighter jet with Tom Cruise.
  Oh, 100%.
  That just sounds like, yes, that's why I'm saying.
  I think you're like, you're vomiting all over that thing.
  You were going to get fucked up.
  If you go in the fighter.
  Don't give us these eyes.
  We're not saying you're a wimp or anything.
  You're getting fucked up.
  I'm not going to do it, but you're going to get fucked up in that fighter jet.
  That's part of the experience.
  Like I don't want to have tasks to do.
  OK.
  I think I would say, Tom, I'll do it with you.
  I want a limited number of tasks because like.
  Tasks is the problem.
  One of the other pilots, one of the other actors was like, I would feel like I had gotten the shit beaten out of me.
  Yeah.
  Doing two flights a day and Tom was doing them nonstop.
  Well, the story.
  Did you read this, Miles Teller?  Have I said this on the show before?  Miles Teller said he felt ill for a couple of days and they figured out that he had jet fuel in his veins because he was in the plane for so long.
  And he told Tom Cruise that I'm sick because I have jet fuel in my veins.
  Yeah.
  And Tom Cruise was like, I was I've had whatever was born that way or whatever.
  He said something like that, which I mean, it sounds fake.
  The story sounds fake, but I'm sure he does have like it's not like it's not good to be up in a jet a lot.
  I don't know.
  Jason's a hypemize.
  You just but you as you're embraced, you're like, I will go up and vomit my brains out.
  You'll have a wasting disease after.
  I was a nervous child.
  Vomit.
  I'm you know, I've done some vomiting in my time.
  Like the James Corden bit Tom Cruise did.
  Would you skydive with Tom Cruise?  Yeah, absolutely.
  Scott.
  I don't I've never had desire to skydive.
  Neither have I.
  Maybe with Tom.
  Maybe you got to.
  Definitely with James.
  You would skydive with James, but not necessarily with Tom.
  OK, that's interesting.
  It would depend.
  Just to see how well he treats the flight crew.
  Bang up job mates.
  You did.
  I respect regular people.
  I do.
  If James Corden invite a three of us on, we'll all skydive with him.
  That would really be good.
  The hell did we start with all this?  Oh, yeah.
  The Shaman of Song.
  The impressive robot.
  Is it the most impressive animatronic?  100%.
  Yeah.
  Is there a more impressive one still?  Well, this is already what?  Six years old?  Yeah, I mean, I like Hondo.
  I do.
  But Hondo has a lot of layers on.
  I think I like him more.
  Well, that's a different story.
  Yeah.
  Impressive.
  Yeah, he doesn't do as much.
  But I mean, what a flex it was when they unveiled the Shaman of Song.
  Yeah, I mean, that's I think that's what they were like.
  OK, maybe the budget was cut.
  But maybe it's not as long as we'd want it to be.
  But people are going to be like, holy shit when they see this thing, which is what you say.
  Can we?  Jordan, can we see the clip of it was the YouTube that I sent that I must say Shaman of Song or something.
  And you guys will remember this.
  Excuse me.
  Shaman of Songs, plural.
  Oh, it's oh, really?  Yeah.
  Shaman of Songs.
  Really?  All right.
  We'll edit that into the rest of them.
  But here is not this one.
  But that's the close up of the face.
  There we go.
  I mean, this footage, this was jaw dropping when this came out.
  So let's all re-experience this together.
  I look forward to seeing you on Pandora.
  Well, not take me.
  Was that OK?  That and I think that I did not understand when that came out that we were looking at the animatronic.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Because the level of like, have they ever willingly gone this close to the face?  No.
  Of an animatronic.
  And then had it do lines that are not in the ride?  I mean, they got to be feeling confident if they're willing to do such a close up.
  This is crazy.
  Which movies had this level of?  Well, it changes.
  Yeah.
  If you see go, we'll post this.
  And if you haven't seen this yet, it's a close up of the shaman's face.
  Neck up.
  And it switches between sort of like in character.
  And then it flips to like a very natural human performance, essentially, as if this is an actor.
  So it sort of has two modes in an interesting choice.
  They kind of take it apart in the Imagineering story.
  They're with Joe Brody and another Imagineer and they show like under the skin.
  There's just like so many tiny electric motors, like stuff they could not have done even a few years ago.
  It's like once they switched over to electronics and not hydraulics, you don't have to worry about the tubes and hydraulic fluid and stuff.
  The blood colored fluid that would shoot out.
  And so like, I mean, yeah, this was when you watch it again.
  I remember watching it.
  Yeah.
 Like you said, when it first came out and I had to read the description, go, this is the animatronic and that moment of like, was that OK?  Like that is I love that so much.
  What's so weird? What's extra weird?  And I mean it in a good way, but what's extra weird is that this is the closest to like a human.
  Like there's Tokyo Disney Beauty and the Beast animatronics that I've seen that look amazing and like next level.
  But since the Navi are closer to humans than like a cartoon woman, that's what's so both unnerving and amazing about this thing still.
  Yeah.
 Is that it like feels like a person wearing makeup like Bella so much like I look right now.
  You have really similar images on the screen.
  Bell.
 Yeah, like Cartoon Bell, even though you go, oh my God, it's amazing animatronic.
  It's not your brain isn't kind of getting tricked every other second when it keeps forgetting that you're looking at a robot.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Also those movements.
  I you know, I get a little bit of the OK, the big things in the small spaces, my fear that I address from time to time.
  I'm not I don't have it with this so much, even though it's a Navi is huge.
  But I, you know, I like it's it's the fatness of a big boo that would freak me out.
  But the you know what freaks me out a little is the other movements because this the Shaman of Songs is very gangly, very long, long arms.
  And they like whip from close to her to close to you.
  And it's always movement, justiculation me out a little bit.
  Yeah, like James Cameron upset.
 He's waving his arms around.
  Oh, point the light here.
  Yes, they mocapped it off of his scolding of grip.
  Yeah, it's she she at some point is programmed to like take a nail gun and shoot your phone on the wall.
  Like that, that rumor that it's like, oh, the phone goes off on set.
  He'll nail gun it to the exit.
  Oh, God, that's a thing.
  And I never heard that.
  I came across this research that if someone's phone would ring or beep, he would take it and nail gun it like above the exit constantly holding a nail gun on.
  I look, it's his own set nail gun.
  And who knows if he actually did this more than once or ever.
  But like it certainly adds to the mythology.
  It's a fun legend.
  I want this to be the policy in the theater.
  I want every AMC IMAX is all have to enforce every AMC boy has a nail gun.
  Go find that phone.
  Yeah.
  And I up next to the exit.
  They should do it in the land.
  They should do it.
  There was a nightline segment I watched where Rody and the reporter are riding this ride and he's describing stuff and he's pointing things out.
  And I'm like, this is the only time I'll condone talking on a ride.
  They are alone.
  They are the only people on this running ride.
  This is you.
  This is me.
  This is me.
  This is me.
  I think a little ride, but I will allow Joe Rody and the reporter that are clearly very properly lit and even can their footage of Cameron and squirmy weaver riding this.
  And even they are just silently reacting.
  They just take it in.
  Yeah.
  Would you Jason, would you light up the terminology?  Would you light up a jewel on this?  A jewel.
  We get a poll.
  Get a plume going.
  Plume for the shaman?  No.
  Yeah.
  Massive plume.
  Blasting plumes.
  Like the strawberry vape?  It's blue dream.
  You're blue.
  Don't you like this?  Yeah.
  Somebody's for sure blown blueberry vape.
  Because we of course were in a boat on pirates with Strawberry Vape Man who did it when Barbossa was up or Davy Jones in the mist part.
  That's how we, yeah, the intrusive thought every now and then think of the phrase a plume for Barbossa.
  I used to say it to you or Geo and we just start laughing.
  Yeah.
  So somebody had to, yeah.
  If you've, okay, yeah, let us know if you've been on this ride and somebody blew blueberry vape.
  Somebody blew some blueberry.
  Yeah.
  Why not?  I think they got to allow it.
  You're in the spirit.
  Something I wrote down about this ride is like when I'm, you know, if it sounds like I'm being hard on it or wanting more out of it, the vibe is excellent.
  I would love to eat dinner in this.
  You know what I mean?  I would weirdly, I would like to hang out still in this ride.
  Unmoving by the way I mean still.
  And like for like two hours.
  That would be fine.
  But by virtue of it's a ride and I am moving and I want something to happen.
  I just want a little more to.
  But that's what I think is completely is in line with my point of just like length even more than the moves because we get used to a long, get used to when you're in a boat, a boat feels like more of a to do on a ride than a regular car.
  Yeah.
  Or a regular ride vehicle.
  Yeah.
  And I think it's because they've set the precedent that a boat is longer.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  So it makes sense what you're saying.
  You'd rather have a meal.
  You'd rather have one of those bowls, the famous bowls.
  The Satooly bowls.
  The Satooly bowls.
  In here, yes.
  Because it's a great place to be.
  I just want like something.
  And even now look, I'm not hating on the Shaman of Songs.
  But is it, I think it's like of course it's great.
  But when we've all been on slow moving boat rides with 100 animatronics that are not as good as the Shaman of Songs.
  But that's, would you rather have 100 okay animatronics or one very, very good one?  And I know the answer for me.
  I don't know.
  I mean, I appreciate this one that they seem to have kept it up.
  Sure.
  Like I've been there two years later, four years later.
  And so it's still working well.
  It still looks good.
  And they did.
  If they let it go to shit, I feel like I would feel differently.
  And they did the smart thing on this one where they built it so they can pull her out or him out.
  Excuse me.
  It's a male character.
  I don't think so.
  Is it a female character?  It's voiced by a female, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, maybe it doesn't even matter.
  I guess it doesn't matter.
  But yeah, it can be pulled.
  It's on a platform.
  It can be pulled backstage to work on it.
  So they didn't repeat the mistake of the Yeti.
  Yes.
  And the replacement is a screen.
  That's right.
  So if you pass by it in B mode, it is a screen performance of the Shaman of Songs.
  That's your one trip every five years.
  You've got to see this robot.
  Holy shit.
  This is the reason we waited an hour and a half line for this.
  That'd be rough.
  And then you see the screen.
  Because at least Rise of the Resistance, when you don't get Kylo, they've pulled Kylo to fix him.
  You get rid of this.
  It was not the main thing on the ride.
  Sure, sure.
  You still get a ride that's much worse than Transformers the Ride.
  Yeah, of course.
  Same thing.
  There's also multiple Kylos.
  It seems like it'd be unlikely that all the Kylos would be down.
  Every Kylo is down.
  Yeah, no, I don't think that happens.
  I think probably the other ones just stay there.
  Maybe they don't move as much.
  That's the one that's the most, has the most ability to move around, is the one at the end.
  The final, that gets blown up.
  Yeah, right, right.
  What else needs to be said about this or about the Shaman?  Oh, the song.
  The song.
  It's Dr.
 Paul Fromer, the USC professor and linguist who came up with a lot of the Navi language.
  Okay.
  And on his personal WordPress or blog spot says, yeah, I wrote a lot of versions of this.
  The one that they ended up using, I wrote in 2015, and it didn't come out until 2017.
  And he posted the translation of the lyrics of the song.
  Well, go ahead.
  Okay.
  Oh, beautiful forest, there are tears in the forest, wood sprites.
  We cry out calling, oh, Awa.
  That's the first verse.
  Now, let me just to give you a note.
  Could you say it?  If this ride's about serenity, that was a little arch the way you said it.
  In verse two, let's get a little more serene.
  Sure.
  Thank you for the note.
  Connected as one, oh, great mother, wood sprites.
  We cry out calling, oh, Awa.
  By the people's will, the forest is singing wood sprites.
  Wood sprites again.
  We cry out calling, oh, Awa.
  And that's three times on those oh, Awas.
  Mm-hmm.
  Jason, that was a lovely reading.
  Could you just read these lyrics real quick in the same?  Yeah, no problem.
  Same sort of time.
  Should I leave the room?  No, no, go.
  It's fine.
  Cellular data is turned off.
  Turn on cellular data.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Hold on.
  So sorry.
  Do you want me to?  No, I got it.
  I got it.
  Okay, great, great, great.
  Okay, good.
  I'm turning this ring right thing.
  No, just take it as peaceful as you can.
  Yeah, sure.
  Serenity, serenity.
  Out with it.
  Jason, take all the time you want.
  Jason's turning as red as I am blue.
  I think you should take all the time,  because this is such an important piece of-  You're right.
  We need to let him get into a place.
  Do we all need to leave the room and come back?  The best parts of podcasting or silence.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  All right.
  This is like a crying scene, or this is a romantic scene,  and you need to be, even if you're James Cameron,  you can't be screaming.
  We're ready, yeah.
  We're ready whenever you are, Jason.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Father of mine, tell me where have you been?  Come on.
  Come on, get out.
  I'm getting Cameron-y.
  You know, I just closed my eyes.
  Come on, we're losing light.
  My whole world disappeared.
  Father of mine, take me back to the day, yeah,  when I was still your golden boy.
  Back before you went away.
  Okay, thank you so much.
  Wow.
  I feel with A-Wa, and I feel with Everclear.
  For the record, I don't think Everclear is the worst thing that you like.
  Now, I don't know if this episode has come out by now.
  What is the worst thing I like?  Well, in recent memory, we did a mailbag episode,  and I don't know if it's come out by now,  but the joke became that we left the room.
  We were like, you stay and talk about music,  and within 10 seconds of that assignment,  you were talking about how you like Lifehouse.
  That's what it was.
  I think I like the song Hanging By A Moment,  but I'm not a huge fan of the band.
  I saw them open for Matchbox 20 and Everclear.
  No, that's what you were telling this story.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But we leave you alone,  and you start talking about how much you like Hanging By A Moment.
  Yeah, I do like Hanging By A Moment, I think.
  I haven't heard it in a few years, I feel like.
  I always like it, yeah.
  Am I alright? Am I cancelled first?  You just don't have the normie.
  You never had a normie phase.
  I think I didn't, no.
  That's just a missing piece.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I like the Beastie Boys a ton,  but then they branch you and all this weird bullshit.
  You like the stuff that crosses over from cool and normie,  because Beastie Boys is both cool and normie.
  I think so, yeah, yeah.
  But you were missing the time.
  And my missing out on life.
  Is this like, okay, do I need to take the journey?  Because everybody's like,  Lifehouse had no, the song was a big hit,  but it had no cultural impact.
  Can you even name a member of Lifehouse?  I cannot name a member of Lifehouse.
  No offense to Lifehouse.
  But yeah.
  But soon enough, I will start the journey,  and I'll easily be able to name Rick Wollstone Hulme Jr.
  Wow, really?  The drummer of Lifehouse, Rick Wollstone Hulme Jr.
  He will be my favorite drummer of all time.
  As after Way of Water.
  I think this is a pivotal moment for me.
  If Way of Water sucks, I go firmly into cynicism.
  But if it gives me everything I need and I feel,  and I embrace the Way of Water,  I'm going to end up liking Lifehouse.
  Wow.
  Yeah, I hope he's not a Ginger Breaker type.
  I hope he's a peaceful guy.
  Although I guess James Cameron is sort of the Ginger Baker.
  Was Ginger Baker was a bad man?  The drummer of Cream, correct?  Yeah, the drummer of Cream.
  I'm going a little back.
  Yeah, he was a wild guy.
  No bursts and stuff.
  I see.
  There's a documentary.
  Anyway.
  Well, we'll learn the way of Wollstone Hulme  after we learn the way of Water.
  What else?  What have we not hit?  They did release, by the way, the song.
  If you want to hear the song on repeat,  the soundtrack was released in 2019 for the whole land.
  Here's the thing that ultimately,  the song and the robot, I think,  ultimately redeem a lot of what you would maybe,  not problems, but whatever.
  It gives you something big to go out on.
  And it gives you something like,  the first time we ever went on it,  it's one of those things where Lindsay and I,  we were singing the song all day.
  We obviously did it at our live show a couple years ago.
  Still got it in your head?  Can we all do it?  Yeah, I can do it.
  It's just the.
.
.
  I don't know until the chorus.
  Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  All I got is,  Ma-te-wa, ma-te-wa.
  Wait, wait, it's ma-e-wa.
  Ma-e-wa, ma-e-wa.
  Ma-e-wa.
  Wow.
  We were all in key here, I think.
  It's in our hearts.
  So it's like in the same Sinbad in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  It's one of those where you're like,  I remember that the rest of the day.
  That's a memory now I have for the rest of my life to cherish  is singing this song.
  So in that way, it's like, yeah, it's a big success, I guess,  in that way, because there's stuff you go on,  and you go, oh, that's fine, and then you don't.
.
.
  It didn't turn into a bit.
  It didn't turn into a fun bit to do the rest of the day.
  If there's anything memorable to hang off,  which is the triumph of other,  which is the triumph of the video in the line  and move around a little bit.
  That is all instantly iconic.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So it ultimately succeeds because of that, I think.
  Yeah.
  But I just wish there was more of it.
  I wish it was a bigger in scope,  and I understand they did the best with what they could money-wise.
  But there's so much stuff on here that I,  even watching the video to refresh myself,  I can't notice the details,  because again, it's not so well-documented,  every piece of it that you take for granted  probably how hard it is to do and make this ride.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And the animatronic, too.
  I think in terms of what is more impressive with this versus Hondo,  Hondo, very humanoid, he just kind of seems like a tall guy.
  He's just kind of got a clipboard or a tablet or something.
  It's very reductive, but yes, that's true.
  And it's just kind of moving.
  And he's wearing a duster and slacks.
  I love all of them, but then he's a funny character.
  He's good, he's good.
  But he is good.
  I do like him.
  But in terms of technical impressiveness,  all of the arms and the tail are all moving.
  They're not symmetrical.
  They're all kind of doing their own thing.
  And they're so much more fluid, even than Hondo.
  They are.
  Hondo is still a little bit more robot.
  This is like the least robot-ish robots,  just because of how fluid it moves.
  It feels like it could do that.
  What's the dance move where you put your arm out like this,  and you make it wave?  What is that called?  I don't know what it's called,  but it feels like the robot could dance.
  It feels like this is one of the only robots  that could do a bunch of different types of dances.
  Yes, and that's the way they should keep it current.
  Classic, yeah.
  Program it with new TikTok dances every month.
  New TikTok dances, old, the twists, Charlie Brown.
  Of course they could do the twists.
  They should do at least one fun night in Pandora  where the Shaman of Songs does all the different dances  through the decades.
  She's doing the mashed potato.
  The history of dance.
  Do the history of dance.
  You park the boat in front.
  It's an exclusive event.
  You pay $250.
  Yeah, to watch it do, when I dip, you dip, we dip.
  I put my hand up on your hips.
  She can't do the Casper slide,  because I don't think the legs are that good,  but it would all arm-based dances.
  Yeah, you're fine with Macarena.
  The swim.
  As long as you're fine not doing the hops  to the different corners.
  Yeah.
  But the hands, she's made for that.
  She could do stances to Soul Bossa Nova,  the Austin Powers song.
  Oh, if she could do like Fingers Out,  like her sort of Betusi.
  Oh, Betusi.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, oh my gosh.
  She could do everything, I bet.
  This is, I do wish that they, this is the only like,  I, you know, I like that Avatar is a humorless franchise.
  Yeah.
  It's maybe something that was off-putting to me at first,  but now it's just, it's what it is.
  It's a deeply, really sincere movie,  so you just go along for that ride.
  Right.
  But I do wish that, as with all things,  that like Star Wars Holiday Special style,  I also said, yeah, screw it, doesn't matter.
  It's not canon, we're not messing it up,  we're not ruining your childhood  by doing something stupid with the property.
  That video was fun, because it breaks character.
  Yeah.
  So there's, they, he allowed that to happen,  so let's have some dances, James.
  Mm-hmm.
  Let the, they all want it, the Imagineers, we know,  because we just created the idea of it,  and we know the Imagineers want to do it.
  I think you just gotta look at the TikTok charts  and see what's trending.
  Mm-hmm.
  Like, and that's how you keep it current,  and it's how you keep 12-year-olds going on this ride.
  Yes.
  They're doing this month's dance.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That would be, yes.
  That's a plus up, I think we all can get behind.
  Yeah.
  At least for a themed overlay for the ride.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Let's see really what this thing can do.
  Mm-hmm.
  I remembered something I didn't want to forget.
  One reason, I like this ride a lot,  and I think it's because, one part of it,  not the main reason, but like,  I really like the bioluminescence,  I like the nighttime setting,  and one of my big theme park holes  is that I have never seen Pandora at night.
  Yeah, I mean, no.
  So I was there.
  I forget why.
  We only, yeah, it was so hot the day we were there,  we all tapped out by like lunchtime,  and then the other day I was there,  we might have had a dinner reservation at night,  but also just pouring rain all day.
  So it's like, I'm not gonna come back here.
  Well, you guys had to go to Chicken Guy a bunch of times.
  Yeah.
  I think it's a priority over seeing a guitar  if you can spend it at night.
  That's true.
  I think we zipped around the seven seas of Lagoon  this day.
  We had to go see the Shaman of Sauce.
  Yeah.
  Guy Fieri.
  The Shaman of Sauce.
  Ma-eh-wah, that's a spicy sauce.
  Father of mine.
  Yeah, the Shaman of Sauce sings Father of Mine.
  Put that on it.
  That's our plus up.
  Yeah, well, I would love to see that too,  but I think, all right, look, if we're talking about  kind of like, you know, like while injecting music  and seeing what else musically is going on  in the Avatar world, I've had this idea  to tie these things together,  because we've certainly covered Avatar here  in this December episode,  but don't forget it's Feliz Navidad,  the way of winter.
  I want this to be kind of our holiday celebration as well.
  So to tie all of these things together,  my pitch, and now I throw it to you guys  if you want to do it on the other ones  on the Civico gates,  the door is open, but for now I've asserted  and prepared a carol.
  I call it an Amoti-kaya carol.
  Perfect.
  That is the tribe that Sully enters.
  We all know him.
  And yes, and this is a tribute not just to an iconic character  whose name we certainly know at this point,  but also to an iconic scene in at least  some versions of the movie.
  And Jordan, I ask if you could bring up,  this is it, yes.
  And all right, I will now in a very solemn fashion  perform this episode's Amoti-kaya carol.
  Oh, Sully night, the tree of voices shining.
  You're in the avatar of your brother Tom.
  Long was the trip through space in biostasis.
  Now it's the night of a jarhead's rebirth.
  The thrill of thrills when you connect your dreadlocks  she chose her mate.
  Ned Teary wants to bone.
  Fall on your knees  and fuck this big blue lady.
  Oh, why was this cut?  The sex is only in the Blu-ray cut.
  Oh, night, oh, mighty night.
  Jake Sully night.
  Beautiful.
  Thank you so much for that.
  Thank you.
  Thanks.
  Do we all feel some serenity after?  I feel a little horny, but I do feel serenity as well.
  Yeah, me too.
  You know, that's, again, the sex scene is not in the,  it wasn't in the IMAX cut, and I had to look it up  so you can see it.
  This is one of the only places to see it in this episode.
  Wait, really?  I swear it was in the Disney Plus version.
  That I don't know.
  I don't know what's up in the Disney Plus,  but if you saw it in the theater, it cuts away.
  It's a long, yeah, it's longer.
  Yes.
  It's implied.
  Some sex, but not the dreadlock connection  and not the, you know, what we just watched  where like he picks her up and it starts getting a little wild.
  So if you really want to see Navi's fuck, then you got to go.
  You got to go.
  You got to watch the video version of this.
  Of the Navi Flight of Passage episode.
  But with that, you survived night one.
  I don't know if that's true.
  I don't know when they're coming out.
  You survived a night of Feliz Navidad, the way of winter.
  And up to, you know, hey, bring them to the table  if you have Amatikaya carols.
  I've got an idea.
  Okay, all right.
  I'm very glad to hear it.
  So, yeah, head to the Sivakho Gate to hear what else we're doing here.
  One more bonus episode on our new tier Club 3.
  And we're waiting to hear, currently we're waiting on the assignment  of if that's holiday-oriented or if it's avatar-oriented.
  I know which way I'd like it to go because there's only one Christmas season  until Seed Bearer comes out where we get to celebrate all of these things at once.
  And that's all at Patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Thank you to these important cats for producing this episode.
  Thanks, BJ, for helping us out.
  And that's all the plugs.
  But it's not about us.
  It's about A-wah.
  Hold on real quick before we leave.
  Mm-hmm.
  It's not the way of water anymore.
  The way of the water is falling.
  All right.
  Well, I was going to do that, but that's fine.
  You've still got a couple.
  We'll set them out here.
  This is Theatre of the Mind.
  The Fiji waters that we built in front of Jason are falling down.
  I like the thing they play before IMAX movies, where it's to show you how crisp the audio is.
  That's right.
  Now you can hear it.
  Yeah, you just heard it.
  You just heard it.
  What was that?  I know that I heard eight Fijis falling, but what did it look like?  Right.
  And was there an avatar or a guy in a plant doing it?  Only one way to find out.
  Check out the video and head to the Sevico Gate.
  Praise to A-wah.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehme, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram, at ForeverDogTeam, and liking our page on Facebook.
