 Ingredients  One day at FCB  Ahh… Let's settle into a nice, breezy end of the year.
  Club 3, Jason, feeling breezy.
  I'm feeling very breezy, yeah.
  And I really appreciated everyone who was like,  you know, they've been working hard.
  Let's give them their usual flavor of brain poisoning.
  Let's give them something light, you know?  Yeah, well I don't know if anyone gave us credit for working hard.
  What was said was,  they work, the job is so hard.
  Here's the specific quote, this is from Margarita Javier.
  I was not sure, I was very surprised  that the 1999 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade won.
  And I was like, what is the sensibility here?  And then I saw the comment,  the boys have been tortured enough,  let's give them a nice parade with a weird pop culture lineup.
  And which, thank you for that.
  I feel it, I feel the gift.
  And I think Mike Carlson does too, hi.
  Yes, hi.
 I do feel it was a gift.
  Around every turn, there's something that we want to talk about  for a whole episode, honestly, as far as this is concerned.
  So much so that what first I thought was more of a breezy thing  ultimately became something where I kind of feel a bit of pressure,  honestly, to address every single thing that happens in this parade  that is of interest to us and to me.
  No kidding, wow.
  Okay, well then I'll let you be the points person,  the checklist person.
  I have a checklist.
  Because I'm feeling super breezy here.
  That's great, I'm happy for that.
  But of course I want to do the discussion of how the poll went at the top.
  The runner-up narrowly squeaked it out.
  The one that was not holiday or avatar oriented,  which is perfect for January,  we will refresh with the incumbent candidate,  the Klaski Chupo McDonald Land cartoons.
  And just to maybe give it the full pitch that you can't fit into the poll,  this is from Cody Lawrence,  the straight to VHS Klaski Chupo McDonald Land cartoons  from the early 90s with horrifying live action wraparounds.
  I believe these are available to watch on YouTube.
  I kind of know, I know I've poked around these.
  And I think I did not stick around.
  I think I dipped my toe.
  So if we're getting back into torture the boys territory,  that should be a good way to do it.
  Mike, this was your pick.
  When we were choosing one, this one caught your eye.
  Is there anything you want to say to endorse this one more fully?  Well, honestly, really the main reason,  and I haven't watched all these,  I don't know them very well,  I've seen pictures which are very intriguing,  but honestly we just haven't done  fully dedicated McDonald Land stuff in an episode.
  We've addressed it,  we've talked about certain aspects of McDonald Land,  but this felt like a good starting point to start digging in.
  To start hacking away.
  There's a lot of McDonald's work ahead of us.
  A lot.
  So why not start with this sub-sliver of it?  And it's odd in a very specific way.
  In that kind of late 90s, early 2000s,  very, I don't know, would you say angular,  like kids animation stuff?  Real, grotesque a little bit.
  I don't think I'm the biggest Classy Chupo fan in general.
  I guess I liked Rugrats growing up.
  It's later, it's much later than Rugrats.
  And the style has evolved.
  But it's also idiosyncratic compared to the main McDonald Land stuff.
  It looks different, it feels different.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think they go to a grimace island.
  I think you learn what grimaces are.
  Much like Muppets in Space, don't you go to the Gonzo planet?  Yes.
  So similarly, Gonzo is from a planet,  but grimace is from an island.
  And that's what is ahead of us if people pick this one.
  Anyway, solid candidate.
  Give us more suggestions in the comments.
  And vote with your likes to see what you like from the list.
  But as for this, let me repeat  what we're doing today also with the full.
.
.
  We're getting right into a bullet, into checkpoints.
  And we know these are all ones we have to hit  even before we get into other bonus ones  that are not mentioned in Shane Cannon's description of  the 1999 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade  featuring Lou Baga,  Vern Troyer on an Austin Powers the Spy Who Shagged Me themed float,  an Ask Jeeves float,  Rudy Giuliani,  and a special performance by the Bacon Brothers.
  What a pitch.
  From Shane Cannon, who really, the MVP of Club 3 for the first year,  this is his second one, the Cannon.
  The Cannon doesn't miss.
  Got two through the poll.
  Gave us Garfield Eats and gave us this one.
  Expert marksman.
  Yeah, yeah.
 That Cannon is pointed right at the bullseye.
  I'm excited.
 You guys feel good about this?  I feel great about this.
  This is a long video.
 This is a long parade.
  And I went into it going, this is going to be really funny,  blah, blah, blah, but there's going to be a lot of downtime.
  Every two seconds I go, oh my god, okay, I got to write this down.
  Okay, oh my god, what is this song?  Who wrote this song?  There's so much here.
  It's a never ending as far as I'm concerned with stuff to talk about.
  Yeah, I think it really,  it does lag a little at the top,  and then the balloons start to show up,  and it really finds its footing, but I think.
.
.
  There's something right off the bat that I was obsessed with.
  Not to give too much away,  but I think a lot of the fun of this for me came from the combinations of things.
  Oh, of course, yes.
  And I have a fun game to play later too that I've contacted.
  Ooh, oh boy.
  Just to maybe generally talk about the Macy's parade,  which we don't have to do much of,  we're here to talk 99,  but this is a very good area for us,  and I think maybe there's a specific episode that could come down the road  that is collecting oddities of other Macy's parades,  but we'll handle 99 first.
  But when you talk about combos of things,  what I always find funny about them is that it's always like,  they are on the mark pop culturally somewhat.
  There's two to three performers every year  who are current relevant performers,  and somebody who, as in this one,  there's somebody who you can say,  is America's hottest pop star,  or the biggest teen sensation,  but then they're on some float  where they're dancing around  with a bunch of Midwest dads dressed as socks.
  It's somebody who is hip  always put next to a bunch of raggedy-ans or something.
  The mismatch is always really funny to me.
  It's like Britney Spears and then a 20-foot Vlasic Pickle store.
  Absolutely.
  And then my other broad observation about it  is that the best you can possibly do at the Macy's Parade  in any category is be fine.
  There's no Prince at the Super Bowl of the Macy's Parade.
  There's no Michael Jackson inventing the moonwalk.
  It's always one verse maybe,  and the performer themselves seem surprised  when they start to move  and when all of the Crayola crayons dancing around  on street level have to start moving too,  and those people are only so coordinated.
  Maybe they got one rehearsal, maybe.
  There's just a base level of this.
  There's only so good that the Macy's Parade can be.
  Yeah, because performers, as far as pop stars,  they're lip-syncing almost 90,  I'm sure almost 100% of the time.
  Actors are just waving.
  The best you're going to do is if you're in a marching band  and you'll sound exactly the same  as all the other marching bands.
  And this is from a guy who was in a marching band  in high school.
  You can't tell the difference  if one marching band is better than the other.
  They all sound fine.
  They all do kind of the same thing.
  I think this is blasphemous  if a music teacher was hearing me say this,  but you would notice a very bad one for sure,  but you can't tell the difference  between 10 different marching bands  that go through this parade.
  They all sound fine.
  They all do the thing.
  They all sound fine to me.
  It's different than, say, a drum line  where there's a lot of physicality and individuality  and they're trying to really stand out.
  There is in this,  I get into the good stuff already,  there is a marching band version of some Les Mis songs.
  Oh, yeah, yes!  Which really take all of the soul out of those songs.
  Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba!  D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d!  Really takes away the personality of it.
  The emotion of it, yeah.
  The emotion of it.
  I think in the same vein,  I think one that made me go like, huh?  It was the New York police department band  doing 42nd Street, and I'm like, are they?  Like, I'm like straining, and I can like,  okay, I kind of hear it.
  As you were saying, the arrangement wasn't something  that actually, you would have noticed it  if they hadn't said it.
  I don't know if it was the sound or the arrangement  or the inclement weather.
  That's what we saw, right?  That's what you took me to once?  Yeah, we saw a touring production  at the Pantages Theater.
  How does 42nd Street go, the song?  To come and meet those dancing feet  on the avenue I'm taking you to,  42nd Street, yeah.
  Got it, got it.
  Jason sings the old ones.
  Jason sings the old ones.
  Just got a little taste.
  The parade is very dependent, I feel,  on being told what you're watching  because there's another one, the Rockettes.
  You need the narration of, and now,  playing a bunch of department store mannequins  who have come to life.
  Here are the Rockettes,  because it's not necessarily clear,  because they're just in like,  sparkle dresses and seo wigs.
  If you hadn't been told that information,  you might just think they're being 50 Carol Channings.
  Well, that's true.
  Well, you are given the knowledge,  like they're doing Marshmallow World.
  They're doing their number, Marshmallow World.
  Well, let's talk about a big part  of the appeal of this special,  and it's really the tell of any big variety special  that you find on YouTube,  like where you can tell,  will this be interesting or not,  is the big crazy list of names that you get  who is going to appear in this special,  and this one does not let you down  because the big crazy list is courtesy  of Saturday Night Live's own Don Pardo.
  Christina Aguilera, Lou Vega,  Cool and the Gang,  Shadayzee,  Big Bad Woodoo Daddy,  Rockefeller,  Giant Perix of Balloons,  including Hawthorne,  Full Winkle and Rocky,  Garfield,  and the debut of Millennium Snoopy,  Blue from Blue's Clues,  Honey Nut Cheerios B.
  That's my favorite one.
  And a little game to do in your head  is just like, combine what you just heard  with the typical setting of Don Pardo,  just to make it,  and your host,  Honey Nut Cheerios B.
  He says it really,  like I clocked that.
  I was like, he says that straight.
  Like there's something weird.
  I mean, Millennium Snoopy,  they talk a lot about Millennium Snoopy too,  but then Honey Nut Cheerios B  following that up with something else.
  It's recently been discussed on the show.
  I brought up that Nellie clip  that I like all the commercial  that he shares with Nellie,  and I said with a lot of confidence  that that is Buzz,  the Honey Nut Cheerios B,  but what the parade reveals  is that they were on the way to naming him.
  He was just the Honey Nut Cheerios B  at this time,  and then they opened it up to the audience,  a la Club 3,  and clearly the nation's children  picked Buzz as his name,  a great name that's stuck in it,  we all know.
  It's Buzz B maybe,  with one word.
  Oh.
  That's what I read.
  Wait, really?  His name is,  wait, his name is not Buzz,  it's Buzz B?  I will double check,  but I think when I looked up  Honey Nut Cheerios B,  I think it says Buzz B.
  But like,  spelled like Buzz B Berkeley  or Buzz B  as one big.
.
.
  Oh man, you know,  I'm seeing it both,  I'm seeing here it says Buzz B  like it's a first and last name,  but I did see it written  one word Buzz B in the same way.
  Well.
  That's gonna be a whole episode.
  Mm-hmm, well,  we'll find out.
  I'm gonna go ahead and go ahead  and go ahead and go ahead  and go ahead  and go ahead  and go ahead  and go ahead  Yeah, well.
.
.
  We will have plenty of time  to get down to that  on the full Buzz.
  Yeah, Buzz B here.
  Sorry.
  Oh, I'm so sorry,  Wikipedia does say Buzz B  one word.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Geez.
  Well, I apologize for my misinformation.
  Well, we don't know  because it says,  now this fictional character  wiki says Buzz the  Honey Nut Cheerios B.
  Hmm.
  So I guess Buzz is  a nickname for Buzz B.
  The gift,  I mean the gift certificate,  the birth certificate says,  if you got him a gift certificate,  it would have to say Buzz B  for it to work.
  Show us the birth certificate.
  Come on, you got nothing to hide.
  Oh yeah, well the contest in 2000,  Christine Tong, a fifth grade student  from Coolidge, Texas,  won the contest naming him Buzz B.
  Yeah, one word.
  Interesting.
  But then this very paragraph  calls him Buzz as well.
  Maybe they just started finding it clunky.
  Yeah.
  But now we're going against  Christine Tong's wishes.
  So I think we've really gotten away  from Christine Tong's vision  as part of the contest.
  Yeah.
  So we're going to move on to  the next question.
  So, we're going to move on to  the next question.
  So, we're going to move on to  the next question.
  So, we're going to move on to  the next question.
  We're getting away from Christine  Tong's vision as presented in this poll.
  Well, there was a contest and there  was a contract drawn up.
  And yeah, I think they should abide  by whatever she said.
  And if it was a one word,  Buzz B, and not Buzz B,  unless it's Buzz B B,  because then you could shorten it  to just Buzz.
  Like what you're saying is not  incorrect when you call him Buzz.
  I think they inserted,  I think they added a space,  a space that Christine Tong  did not intend.
  And I just know,  I hope Christine, I hope you're out there  and you're thriving, even though this  company did you dirty.
  I would be furious.
  They should sue.
  Do you?  What did she get?  Does she get like Honey Nut Cheerios  for free forever?  That I don't know.
  I have no further details about this.
  Well, again, episode coming soon.
  We'll find her and ask her.
  To me, that mention of the contest,  the naming, that felt like a piece  of a thing that corporations would do  in the 90s in terms of being  civic minded or in the name of edutainment  of like select the new M&Ms color,  do the Pepsi challenge.
  And I did both these things in school.
  I think teachers were just like,  oh great, I can coast for an hour.
  We're all going to taste sodas blind,  you know?  You tasted sodas blind in elementary school?  No, the teacher poured it in three cups  and it's like one, two, three.
  And everyone's like, and you had to try  and identify it.
  I was like, I think this is Pepsi.
  And it was actually RC Cola  because Pepsi and RC Cola are very similar.
  Did you do this instead of like gym?  It was like eight up, you know, a period.
  I think my teacher in like fourth grade was very,  she had been a scientist.
  She was very science minded.
  She found ways to do a lot of lessons  into experiments or like into like  with the chemical makeup of soda and flavors  and that sort of thing.
  You were like a guinea pig in her sick soda experiment.
  Yeah.
  You were like a gerbil running through a maze  trying to solve some sort of soda thing  she was trying to crack.
  And by the way, loving every minute of it.
  Well, I mean, the best was when,  we had a really cool student teacher that year  whose parents owned an ice cream parlor.
  So we got in groups and designed ice cream flavors.
  And then eventually they churned the flavor  that my group won.
  We won.
  You invented an ice cream flavor  when you were around Christine Tong's age.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
  Did you go to Willy Wonka Elementary?  I mean, it was certainly, it was a fun year.
  What was the flavor?  It was called fudge caramel cream  and it was fudge and caramel.
  And it wasn't really cream.
  It was marshmallows.
  How do I not know you invented an ice cream  up until right now?  I, yeah, it was delicious.
  It's a real sugar blast of a combination.
  Wow.
 Can you make it still? Do you remember?  Oh, no.
  I mean, we made it in class the old fashioned way  where you combined like cream and salt and ice  and you like mash it.
  So we all made like shitty versions of it.
  And then they churned a couple of buckets  of like the real deal.
  I love this.
  So you had like a teacher that was like a sugar mad scientist.
  Yeah.
 I mean, they, they,  I think part of student teaching is you have to design a chapter  or unit and teach something.
  And she just grew up around this and it was so unique.
  And the science, that science minded teacher was just like,  well, it's great.
  It's like science experiments.
  Well, I think Jason, the student teacher slash podcast host  needs to find the, the existing ice cream  that is the closest to your own invention fudge caramel cream.
  Give that, give that out to the audience as a little assignment.
  Yeah.
  The answer is a fish food.
  Whoa.
  You invented fish food.
  It's very close.
  I think the fish food uses a chocolate ice cream base,  not a vanilla ice cream base.
  And that's after you invented it in elementary school.
  Basically.
  That came out later.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So you invented it.
  Essentially.
 Yeah.
  Do you have, do you harbor any ill will for its fish?  No, I love, I love fish food.
  I love that.
  It's like my favorite ice cream.
  You, you were, yeah, you were, it was like an open source recipe.
  You know, it was not copywritten because you wanted to share it.
  You're not like greedy Pfizer and Moderna with their vaccine technology.
  You were wanting this to be spread everywhere so that everyone could have  fair access to it.
  No, I'm like Jimmy Wales.
  I'm like the Wikipedia guy.
  It's an open source of knowledge of labor.
  You know, I appreciate, well, that the world appreciates you and you're  giving it, you're giving spirit.
  Well, and then I think what we owe the next time,  we don't really do introductions as much on club three,  but I feel like the next episode we should say, and there's Mike Carlson and  the inventor of fish food.
  I'll take credit.
  That's what I'm from now on.
  We all just call.
  I mean, look, Mike invented the mighty Akron, you know,  look, it's taking the nation by storm.
  That's right.
  I received the national daddy award.
  We all have to grab what we can in this world,  whether it be at a fictional award or a,  an ice cream that you, nobody knows you invented.
  That's right.
  Even yourself until right now.
  When I was nine.
  Yeah.
  Back to the parade a little bit.
  Well, pretty much, which incidentally this year,  of the parade, won an Emmy.
  We're describing an Emmy winning broadcast.
  So this, this is high quality.
  It won.
  I want to say maybe the first ever Emmy for outstanding special class special,  which is a great category if redundant.
  I guess I like that the word special is in it twice.
  And to this day, this is a category at the daytime Emmys that seems to exist  largely to give awards to the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.
  It doesn't always win.
  It has stiff competition.
  Listen, here's how, here's how I went from 2004.
  To 2009.
  It doesn't, it's, it's either a fun parade or something upsetting.
  So 2004 Macy's parade wins 2005, 9 11 Memorial from ground zero.
  2006 Walt Disney World Christmas Day parade.
  2007 a question of life or meth, a special on A&E.
  2008 America's invisible children, the homeless education crisis in America.
  And then 2009 the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.
  The tones are a little different.
  Funnest award or the saddest award.
  Gosh, that's wild.
  I used to love the daytime Emmys as a kid, cause that would be the cartoons.
  Oh, and maybe where like a cartoon voice wins.
  So I would be excited about those.
  My mom would be excited cause she would want to see if Susan Lucci was going to win.
  Oh, which, and this is the year, this is big content.
  One of the big celebrities in it this year is Susan Lucci.
  And wait, the whole history here.
  She on all my children as Erica Kane, of course, never won until, yeah, eventually did.
  But it was this year that she, cause they refer to it a couple of times.
  This is the one where it broke.
  The fever broke and she finally got her due.
  Right.
  The year to be Susan Lucci for sure.
  I probably never saw more than five minutes of her on all my children, but that was definitely an annoying fact.
  At 14, I internalized.
  Well, you know, Susan Lucci was nominated 18, 19 times.
  She finally won a daytime Emmy, like just like annoying preteen.
  Tell you, I knew that.
  And I would say that I would repeat that fact.
  Just got to do ever repeat that fact when you were a child.
  I mean, it's it sounds like young me to say award based stats unprompted.
  I mean, about a show you don't watch a show you don't watch or like, I have no, I have no clue what Erica Kane is.
  I think she's bad.
  Right.
 Or was more bad than not.
  I think they go back and forth on how bad she is.
  She's you know, many years you have to do a lot like comic books.
  Sometimes the character turns a little bit better or worse.
  The other thing in this parade they point out, it's like Susan Lucci is here.
  She's taking over for Bernadette Peters and Annie, get your gun.
  And that is not a position I would want to be like.
  Like I feel like Bernadette Peters Broadway royalty at like whoever's following that.
  That is a hard road to hoe.
  You know, yeah.
  The thing about Susan Lucci, I've heard a rumor she lives at the Americana.
  What? Really?  That's what I've heard.
 Yes.
  I shouldn't say I guess I shouldn't say that.
  I don't know where I heard.
 I honestly don't know where I heard it either.
  But and I don't know if it's true.
  I looked it up on Twitter and all I found was in 2010 a bunch of people spotting her there.
  So I don't know that she might have just been there.
  It's possible she was on different dates.
  But somebody told me this and I don't remember who it was.
  So I'm sharing that with the Club 3 listeners.
  All of America's favorite stars live at the Americana.
  That's what I, yeah exactly.
  What else? Oh, oh, just in terms of like broader statements about this parade,  Shane who suggested it in doing a little bit of campaigning brought up a good thing  because there's the question of like we're going to end the year in December.
  We're going to do a Thanksgiving parade.
  And Shane pointed out, well, well, well, really what you have hanging over this is Y2K.
  That's what broadens it out.
  This is this is big pre-millennium entertainment.
  And this is coming out right before the new year.
  And I'm like, I buy it.
 Sure.
 Absolutely.
  What with Millennium Snoopy and it having kind of like Y2K ephemera all around.
  It really it is the Y2K Thanksgiving parade.
  I think that runs throughout.
 Yes.
  I don't know that I saw this, but it felt like I've seen this.
  And I remember feeling the ticking clock.
  And I we've talked about this before and we've been yelled at by people who say it was a big deal as far as Y2K is concerned.
  But I do remember feeling like the world was going to maybe end.
  No, that informed a lot around that time.
  The writing of like, yeah, do we do we have a month left right now?  So there's a for any for listeners who weren't there, this this bro we we thought we were seeing our last kick line.
  Yes, that that was yeah, we were really like cherishing that because, yeah, we may never see we may never see people in fruit costumes again.
  Yeah, I mean, a walking orange slice.
  The Millennium and the parade is very positive.
  It's like it's common.
 It's going to be a ball.
  It's going to be a blast.
 Very Epcot Millennium celebration.
  So Disney Epcot.
  There's for sure some big Marionettes at some point, like in the Epcot parade.
  You get you get like three decades worth of types of entertainment from theme parks in this.
  Some of the things start and the music reminds me of like a late 70s Disney World parade with the music.
  And like there's a real like Sandy Duncan woman in the front.
  And then some of it's like 90s trying to be hip.
  Like, I feel like there's there's so many different styles of lame happening in this parade.
  Yeah, included.
 Yes, the kind that only existed in that little sliver, which was for some reason the Millennium had to involve big abstract puppet creature.
  The first thing was so that happens in this parade, I guess, other than the hosts being introduced.
  But like the first thing I got so confused because they said now America Sings performs the song headed for the future.
  And I was like, what is this terrible song that I don't think I've ever heard of?  And I did some digging and then I was like, oh, this is from this song is from the 80s.
  You know what I'm talking about? I know I do.
 I don't know the entomology of this.
  America Sings was fascinating.
 It's just there's a few of these in the parade where it's just like, and here's the group and it's called America Sings.
  Same name as the attraction and then cut to five hundred people.
  Yes, with it, with maybe like three different varieties of shirts.
  Yes, sweatshirts.
 Like how did this get together? Does this group still exist?  How do you coordinate a group with 500 people? It's so confusing.
  And immediately some things if they start doing this song and I'm like, this this song is bad.
  It's a bad song.
 And it's coming from me who likes a lot of bad songs.
  But I'm just like, this is sort of like there's not it's not very catchy.
  It sounds kind of like a prince kind of rip off as far as like the percussion and like there's that metallic like quality to it.
  And so I go, what is this song? And I started digging.
  I didn't have to dig too far into a lot of work, but I found out that this is and I will play it because we may as well.
  This is not an original song by America Sings.
  This is things didn't write it.
  No, this is a 1986 song by Neil Diamond called Headed for the Future.
  I didn't know he got so simply.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, you had to.
  What choice did you have?  Music video is on.
 It's very dramatic.
 We haven't even seen Neil's face yet.
  It's all silhouette.
 Whoa, there he is.
  And that's it feels like a very like limp rip off of Prince.
  And then that part sounds like, hey, look me over.
 Tell me, do you like what you see?  Yes, it's it's lame computer.
  I mean, it's a great video.
 We'll post the link to it.
  Yeah, so like I'm ashamed that you're showing me a Neil Diamond flaccid attempt at synth rock, and I've never been aware of it.
  I was I'm actually I'm shocked because I assumed you just knew exactly what this was.
  I just assumed you would know it because it's like, yeah, there's a video was very 80s.
  It's like Captain EO with like way less of a budget and a warehouse.
  And then there's machines that are like this is an 80s depiction of the future, but it feels like 60s computer machines.
  Yeah.
 And it's like it's like kind of that starlight, a cheap starlight express aesthetic we talked about in 1999.
  They decided that a bunch of like sweatshirt wearing dancers were going to do a Neil Diamond song no one ever heard of called Headed for the Future.
  Yeah, we're starting off hot here.
  I'm excited immediately.
 My note for this was kids do not head for that future.
  Whatever you do, you don't know what's coming.
  Neil Diamond's future.
 Yeah, Neil Diamond's future.
  And I it's kind of intercutting between him and like a beat up leather jacket and then a sequin coat.
  Like he just had it.
 That's just a safety blanket for him.
 A little Vegas panache.
  The credits of this of the album, which is also called Headed for the Future.
  I'm seeing every name that I like.
 David Foster, Burt Bacharach, Greg Philling Gaines, Stevie Wonder, Bobby Caldwell.
  It's like this is Stem-Arise White.
  You want to cancel the episode just listening to this album.
  Yeah, I need to get on this because I got work to do.
  Nobody minds if I drop out.
 Yeah, no, I know I hated the song that was just played from it.
  But maybe there's a jam.
  They're very welcome.
 Yeah.
 Well, you know, my boy Bobby Caldwell, he knows about gems.
  So I will I will explore on my own time.
  Well, look, yeah, right off the bat.
 But you but you missed something.
  I mean, this parade starts as many did for a long time with the introduction of your host, Matt Lauer.
  Of course.
 There's no special that you're going to watch from this era  where you don't run into a me too pretty quick.
 Oh, yeah.
  Matt Lauer is one I have read like he's so thoroughly because he shows that you almost have to show Matt Lauer if you're addressing this time because 90s, 2000s to 2010s.
  He's like always in everything like in order to just like say the basic of what a big story was, be it like Clinton scandal or even, you know, Woodstock 99.
  He's just in so many every documentary has to show him or Charlie Rose at some point.
 Yes.
  Matt Lauer taints everything is what what I'm saying.
  He's also I don't know if I just because of all the stuff, but he is annoying in this just a dud, just a totally charmless man.
  Yeah, you sense his like combativeness with Katie Couric.
  And I don't know if you're just if I'm just like, that's what I'm wondering.
  I'm just putting that on it at this point.
 But there are little like jabs and she reads something wrong and he kind of like gives her the business.
  Yeah, it seems a little angrier than obviously like there was the those anchors that just were revealed to be having an affair.
  But like that all that all was like you could tell like they liked each other for real.
  This one, it feels like maybe they didn't like each other.
  But maybe I'm maybe I'm just adding that layer on.
 They possibly never, never got along.
  The other the other interesting thing with Matt Lauer too is that while he taints all of this old footage and nice parades like this, there's nobody who's less around than him of the me to bring like he hasn't like done his comeback attempt.
  Although then I was Googling this issue like to prep for this and like, oh, I see.
  He's trying.
 He wants to.
  So we might be there might be some disgusting Matt Lauer come back on the horizon.
  But I've really enjoyed that for the last few years that there's not some Louie esque like, oh, let me have to hear about some fucking crap he's doing.
  And somebody's making a point of like, I'm going to have Louie.
  You know what? I'm going to have Louie on the I'm I will let Matt Lauer host my I mean, you know, it's only a matter of time in in Elon's world before Matt Lauer rears his boring head.
  But Elon is going to put Matt Lauer in charge of SpaceX because he's for free speech, which like and then like 20,000 bros are like, hell yeah, finally.
  Good idea.
 My pronouns are Matt slash Lauer.
  And then everyone else just watches the footage of all the spaceships exploding and focuses on that.
  Everyone else is like, I have to go to work.
 I have bills to pay.
 I have things to do.
  OK, life cannot revolve around this man.
 I this charm black hole.
  Why is your version of free speech just calling people pedophiles?  Like, I don't understand.
 This isn't like government class at all.
  He saw he saw that everybody only talk about Trump every day for six years and he wanted a piece of he wanted it and he got his wish.
  And now we're doing in character.
 We are doing it.
  We're feeding right into it.
  We should.
 We are.
 We're talking about Elon Musk when we should be talking about Millennium Snoopy.
  Elon Musk doesn't have a cool hat like that.
  A cool jester's hat.
  Millennium Snoopy shows up a lot in the I think the only person who shows up more is Al Roker, who is just he's doing it.
  He had his thing figured out in ninety nine and he's just never stopped doing it.
  Always liked Al Roker.
 Always happy to see him.
  You know, Al Roker is like kind of a regis like figure to me because it's like he's always himself when he's broadcasting  and he's a very dependable presence on whether it's a parade, whether it's news, whether whatever it is, the universal tram tour or that.
  Yeah.
 What else do we I mean, like, look, Mike, you have your you have your priorities.
  I certainly do.
 You should lead us through your big ticket items.
  I'll try to like Lewis Black.
 I'll catch what falls through the cracks.
  Thank you.
 OK, great.
 Perfect.
 I always look Jason's the last Jedi host and you're the Lewis Black host of podcast the ride.
  So we mix in metaphors, but sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 OK, so I have a big list here.
  First of all, I just shout out to a woman I didn't know, Jean McFadden, the woman who is in charge of this parade for many years, who seems like a very interesting character.
  And again, if we do more parade stuff, which I'm sure we will, I would love to look into her.
  She passed away a couple of years ago, but she's like a Texas lady who was in charge of like the heyday of the Macy's Day parade.
  And she marches and she announces at the start of this when she's talking to Al Roker that they have let me find it.
  They have 800 clowns in the parade.
  And I believe unless I miss heard at a certain point, there's a stat that said in the history of the parade, over 50,000 clowns have marched.
  So there's so many clowns that have marched in this.
  I believe it's like they use a cute little like phrase like the longest running show on Broadway is the Macy's Day parade because it was started in the 20s and it's continued.
  But yes, so she gives some clown stats right away that I think are fantastic.
  And there are a lot of clowns when you're watching this.
  There are all of a sudden you'll just see shots of clowns in like Batman Returns as if some evil clown gang has infiltrated the Macy's parade.
  But they're good clowns.
  They're not the bad clowns from Batman Returns.
  Well, some are medical figures.
  I wrote the one that I wrote down is the they cut some point it cuts to the funny bone medical team.
  And then there's a clown doctor who's driving a John Deere around.
  I was kind of confused by the premise of the funny bone medical team.
  Yeah, I don't know that they thought it out so much.
  I don't know.
  So thought out my clown phrase that struck me was Chloe is the guardian spirit of the clowns and the clowns, of course, are the spirit of this parade.
  Guardian clown.
  That's a sentence that a lot of people heard and no one had meant nothing to anyone.
  Millions heard this sentence.
  It literally not a single person.
  It went stuck.
  Not a single person did it move them.
  Did it make them upset?  It was completely no.
  People are in the other room fighting about like, well, should I put the marshmallows on the yams or not?  Well, Gladys always makes them stink about the marshmallow.
  But you know, but it's our thing.
  We like to do them.
  We're doing them.
  I don't care.
  We'll just do Gladys can deal two dishes, one yams with and one without.
  And then everyone's happy.
  Fine.
  I will make a second.
  I will make a second.
  I will do extra work and I'll make a second.
  Oh, wait, hold on.
  Cool.
  The gang on TV on the jello float.
  Everybody stop your quarreling.
  We must all appreciate this as a family.
  That what they're on there on the.
  They're on the jello float in front of a bunch of people dressed as pieces of fruit.
  Oh, they're kind of they're like the fruit of the loom mass.
  Yes.
  Who are also.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yes.
  I noted that the fruit is mostly grapes.
  It's yes, they do a lot of close ups on the grapes.
  But then you will get a stray like guy dressed as an orange slice that like wanders in and you can just sort of see his head in the frame.
  Because obviously these aren't these can't be that precise because this is such a crazy operation to be shooting.
  You're not going to get precision.
  You're not going to get perfect framing for all of the different fruits that jello uses all the different flavors of jello.
  No, no, no.
  It's a jello.
  Bration and the this is the second performance of celebration in this parade.
  I guess it's more notable because it's by the real cool and the gang.
  Yes.
  Although I was like, who who even is this?  I don't know who I'm looking at right now.
  And it is cool.
  Right.
  Cool didn't write a lot of the songs and cool did not sing the songs.
  Cool is not the singer.
  So it's not it's whatever singer took over in like 1991, which that's you know, that's that's a concerted amount of time.
  Right.
  But if you want that if you want that original vocal, you're not getting it.
  Yeah, it's we've we've talked about that before.
  We a deep dive on what bands who's in what bands still in the history.
  I love my Wikipedia band timelines where you end up with so many confusing like the format they figured out for it where it's like all stripes.
  Here's red and here's green and here's yellow.
  But then here's yellow with an orange smaller stripe through the middle.
  It's it's so confusing but rewarding looking at band band member length timelines.
  I'm sure you've spent some time.
  I have.
  I just I just made you explain this to me at one point, I believe, Scott.
  But Mickey Thomas Starship featuring Mickey Thomas plays at Epcot Center.
  Yeah.
  This starts with Jefferson Airplane.
  And I got so confused the other day.
  I had to relearn exactly how this goes because I was the most confusing.
  I think of all right.
  Right.
  And Mickey Thomas was not an original member of Jefferson Airplane, which then became Jefferson Starship, which then became Starship, which then became Starship featuring Mickey Thomas.
  Right.
  But now Mickey Thomas is no longer associated with Starship.
  And there's still separately a Jefferson.
  I think I'm right about this.
  I think there's there.
  There's a Jefferson Starship where it's only the keyboard player and the singer is just some writing like it was no association with any.
  And Grace Slick, though, was the original singer.
  What did make it to all the different incarnations?  But then stop through Starship.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  So this I had to refresh myself because professional wrestler Orange Cassidy uses the song Jane as his entrance music now.
  Oh, great.
  She did on the Indies.
  So I was just refreshing myself and making I was like, OK, this is one of the most confusing ones.
  Check out.
  Find your way back to that one.
  That one's very solid.
  You haven't heard it.
  I don't think I have.
  So so cool.
  Cool will be on the list to deep dive of who's in the.
  Yeah.
  Learn learn about cool.
  But that's jumping around.
  That's also you know, this parade I should mention features an appearance by REO Speedwagon, not the band.
  The wagon.
  Yes.
  That's a fact I didn't know that phrase is based on a wagon that would deliver things in New York City.
  I didn't know there was a real speed wagon and it's in the parade.
  I guess I didn't either.
  Although now it makes perfect sense.
  It's the wagon from REO Speedwagon.
  But I take points away for creativity because that phrase based when you don't know what it means, you're like, whoa, REO Speedwagon.
  How did they come up with that?  But now we've got to eliminate that creativity.
  Like that was just a functional code of a real wagon.
  Right.
  At a certain point, there's a kind of hip hop techno remix of a grand old flag.
  She's a high flying flag.
  It's very brief.
  Jason's ideal music.
  But I was going to say this is perfect.
  This is what Jason would want.
  If Jason were to go to a club, he would want to hear this thumb thing through the bass.
  Yo, the DJ just put on taps in the club.
  Is this the new is this the Diplo remix?  It's a long way to Tipperary.
  Yeah.
  Well, I will use that as a segue for a thing that made me very excited.
  I think this happened right after the clowns announcement and they went featuring the cast of Fosse, Kiss Me Kate, Saturday Night Fever, Swing and Ragtime.
  And I was like, wow, that is an assortment of musicals.
  I love looking at random just years or months of like, here's what's on Broadway now.
  And that it's just such an odd mix.
  I mean, perfect for a swing dance musical.
  Perfect for 1999.
  But like a lot of these I didn't know.
  I mean, Fosse is made up of a lot of Fosse stuff, I believe.
  Kiss Me Kate is called Porter Music, which I think I know the instrumentals more than versions with lyrics.
  There's that Saturday Night Fever is one of the first musicals they have a number from.
  And boy, boy, they take the fun out of all the amazing BG songs.
  Yeah, that is that is.
  Well, boy, that's hard.
  Like the BG songs, if you've got a good even a bad speaker, you listen to me.
  These are fucking awesome.
  These are produced even though like the hits you've heard a million times.
  If you really listen to me go, oh, my God, they just sucked.
  Any fun out of them?  Oh, and I like just their color.
  Their shirts are boring.
  Everything about it is boring.
  And I go, I wonder why this show didn't last longer.
  Yeah, Fosse, Fosse a lot more lively and the number from Kiss Me Kate about putting on.
  We're all putting on a show.
  That's pretty fun.
  The number from ragtime is a fucking downer.
  And it's just because it's so.
  Yeah, that's late in the parade, too, I feel like it is.
  And it's just like, look at our children.
  Oh, our children.
  And I'm like, God, this is bombing me.
  You all look like you're about to die of consumption.
  The reality is you probably got all stage at 11 p.
m.
  last night, woke up at the crack of dawn, and then you have to be back at the theater in a few hours.
  This is one of the biggest downers in the show.
  The other downer.
  And I get that maybe you want to mention it, but maybe you could.
  You didn't have to say it.
  And I don't know if you guys know what I'm talking about.
  No, it bummed me out.
  Just they see Millennium Snoopy and they go in.
  There's Charles M.
  Schultz, the 50th anniversary of Peanuts.
  Charles was just diagnosed with colon cancer.
  And you're like, yeah, oh, they say, can we just say, oh, and we wish they wish him well.
  But I'm like, oh, God, he did die, I believe, a few months later.
  I think this was the last hurrah of.
  But in the context of the cheery parade, I think it was the last hurrah of.
  The cheery parade.
  I'm just saying you don't have to say that type of cancer.
  Just say we wish him well.
  He's he's two bummers.
  Ragtime and then a medical diagnosis.
  It is a play called Ragtime and it is the least ragtime.
  So yeah, there's like upbeat numbers in ragtime.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Look, I don't know if there's a Jean McFadden interview where she sort of we could find where she lays out her philosophy that you want a couple  of bummers in the show.
  Maybe there's something there.
  Maybe that's she had an idea that we can't be all sunshine.
  She understands a parade set list.
  Well, now on the opposite end of things, when I realized that what we had to watch involves the musical swing and a performance from Big Bad Buddha Daddy.
  I got that was that was a bummer for me.
  What is swing swings?  Now the musical swing and then it cuts to a swing song.
  But it was a bit of it.
  Oh, and like then I'm looking at it and there's a big list of swing songs in the description.
  I can't I can't make heads or tails of what swing is and I don't want to.
  I don't know either.
  Jason, do you have any?  I don't really.
  You're the swing guy of the three of us.
  I know.
  I certainly like this music at the time.
  None of these shows were really my shows and I don't know a lot about swing, but it just felt like pretty topical that they got a swing dance musical up and mounted and running on Broadway as the swing revival.
  I guess it lasted for a few years, but the Big Bad Buddha Daddy performance is notable because they do is that phrase that phrase like getting a needle right into my brain.
  The Big Bad Buddha Daddy performance was notable and notable in what we talked about earlier.
  I where it's like, OK, they're doing the song from the Jungle Book, right?  I want to be like you.
  I want to be like you.
  And which float are they on?  I don't know.
  Fucking like diaper wipes.
  It is talcum powder.
  Oh, Mr.
 Peanut.
  Yeah, they're on the Mr.
 Peanut.
  And it is a giant Mr.
 Peanut.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They're bundled up.
  They're bundled up.
  They're under Mr.
 Peanut.
  And it was a warm day, though.
  It was warm for that time of year.
  It was a 60 degree day in New York in November, late November, which is obviously uncommon.
  But raining.
  The rain had like finally broke, like as the parade was really starting to move.
  That's another thing that always lames up the performances of that.
  Like to this day, it will be a performer who maybe you know for their sexy outfits and then this on.
  And it's like a turtleneck all the way up, like the most covered anybody can be saying, Dad, I'm saying is I would like that Big Bad Buddha Daddy if I could have seen them.
  Seen their trademark like layer assets in their little swing shorts.
  They can't wear their big fedoras because they blow away.
  So they've just got their pea coats all the way up to the shin.
  But God is right.
  Big Bad Buddha Daddy into his swell.
  God is right.
  He went into a power line.
  He understands the appeal of the Big Bad Buddha Daddy.
  It is their sex appeal, not the music.
  That I get.
  And I look I put what I'm saying is the only performance for me that's notable is one that's on mute so I can just look at them.
  I've been boss.
  Those suspenders, those big pants.
  To snap those.
  Jason, do you know the name of the guy?  Anybody in Big Bad Buddha Daddy?  I unfortunately no, I don't know.
  The only guy I really knew was Brian Setzer because Brian Setzer was a pretty regular Conan musical guest on the late.
  Oh, yeah.
  We thought we said exactly this in the Country Bears episode.
  And that's where it got testy.
  And must we?  Brian Setzer's not in this.
  We do not need to go into Brian Setzer.
  We haven't talked about him in a while though.
  And what?  Wrap it up fast.
  And I well, it was just funny because I never really liked this.
  I knew it didn't know the Stray Cats, but I knew the Brian Setzer Orchestra of Conan O'Brien.
  Okay.
  All right.
  So moving on.
  James Bond's car appears.
  Great.
  We did it.
  We got past it.
  James Bond's car.
  I mean, that's very exciting.
  The world is not enough.
  A very interesting Bond movie.
  That's the Christmas Jones, right?  Dr.
 Christmas Jones.
  That's Denise Richards' character.
  Yes.
  His name Dr.
 Christmas Jones.
  Dr.
 Christmas Jones.
  Yes.
  I've never heard this in my life.
  She's a nuclear scientist.
  And she's dressed like in the shortest pair of like hacky shorts and like a sports bra.
  Okay.
  All right.
  This show, we're getting, everyone's getting worked up on this episode now.
  She's talking about nuclear vision.
  We're going to have to take a five minute break.
  Dr.
 Christmas Jones.
  Yeah, Christmas Jones.
  How did they land at that?  Does anyone ever, does James Bond like give a little look when he hears the name?  Oh yeah, he does do it.
  I can't remember what the quip is.
  Is it Christmas Comes Early?  Oh, it might be.
  It's really on the nose.
  So they named her Christmas so that they could make a cum joke?  That was the, that's, I mean, look, can you look it up?  We can look it up to see what the quip was.
  The World Is Not Enough.
  This was followed by the Halle Berry one, the last spruced and what?  Yes.
  I, I, the last two aren't as good as the first.
  The first two I have a lot of affection for.
  I like Tomorrow Never Dies.
  Yeah, I like that one a lot.
  Jonathan Price, bad guy.
  He has the submarine that shoots a torpedo full of cheats.
  Yeah, very good.
  He should have been in this parade.
  I guess it's a year after it came out.
  So I think he's Dr.
 Halloween Smith.
  Let's let's hit one on the list.
  Let's talk a little bit about the special performance by the Bacon Brothers.
  Oh yeah, the Bacon Brothers.
  Thank you, Shane, for assuming we'd be interested in talking Bacon Brothers.
  I mean, this is the this is the boring thing I've ever seen.
  I will say in the defense of the Bacon Brothers that the Bacon Brothers was never around.
  It was I didn't feel like the Bacon Brothers ever jammed themselves down my throat enough to truly bother me.
  Like when you compare it to something like Kevin Spacey asserting that he can sing jazz standards,  something that was plugged into any and everything he ever did,  I feel like if you know, Kevin Bacon kept it modest with with his band, the Bacon Brothers.
  I think that's right.
  I think that there is a lot you heard a lot more about other celebrity bands.
  And Kevin Bacon was like, I'm going to set this over on the table.
  This is my album.
 It's going to be over here.
  I'm going to leave the room.
  If you want to listen to it, go for it.
 If not, don't worry about it.
  See my movies.
 Don't see my movies.
 I'm a cool guy.
  Don't worry.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Have fun with my brother.
 Why not?  They the Bacon Brothers were like it every year, every other year during the summer at the Jersey Shore,  like playing the Ocean City music here.
  And they always gave a lot.
 They always seemed happy to be there.
  They always played.
 Did you go? I never went because I didn't understand.
  I didn't know what it was.
  How do you know they were happy to be there? Well, Scott, because I read the papers.
  And they give a like, well, yet another year, another Bacon Brothers article.
  Yeah.
 I wonder how their mood is.
  Oh, happy to be a great.
 Very good.
  I think the thing that I never I didn't realize the brother was like a composer.
  Like I didn't realize he was like doing music for TV and movies.
  I didn't know that either, actually.
 Yeah.
  Bacon is back.
 Bacon is back singing because of the Guardians of the Galaxy holiday special.
  Spoiler alert.
 I don't think he wrote the songs.
  The old ninety sevens wrote a couple, I believe, original songs for this special.
  Yeah, I saw that.
 I love the old ninety sevens.
  And they're a great band.
 And the songs are good.
  And Kevin Bacon sang one on Fallon.
 So I like it.
 I like him.
  Maybe it's not the greatest song in the world on this parade.
 OK.
 But no, it's not.
  Because I clearly NBC was not willing to play the greatest song in the world,  which is elsewhere on their the same album called Getting There, their second album,  their song, which is called Arm Wrestling Woman.
 Oh.
  Got to got to got to got to make a man.
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
  I was I was like, how many got tos are there going to be?  It'd be pretty bold if he went for like two minutes with those.
 Yeah.
  I mean, maybe live he embellishes a bit.
  It kind of might stretch out.
 Yeah.
 If you've seen the Bacon Brothers,  if you went past the newspaper article on like Jason and saw them at the Jersey Shore,  let us know how many gotchas there were in Arm Wrestling Woman.
  OK, there you have it.
 The most specific assignment ever.
  Yeah.
 Arm Wrestling Woman.
 OK.
  So we're landing it.
 We do.
 You don't mind the Bacon Brothers.
  No, that's true.
 But yes, I don't know that.
  Look, I will do a deep dive on them, honestly.
 I'll go through some of the albums.
  I've gone through a lot of celebrity albums and it's a thing I enjoy.
  I want you to rank like Bacon Brothers, Dogstar, 30 foot of grunt.
  There's well, but you got to throw in Old Yellow Eyes is back.
  Brent Spiner's album, even though they're not the same genre.
  And you got to throw in Robert Downey Jr.
's Futurist album from like 2001 or 2002,  which endlessly fascinates me.
  I don't know that one.
 Somehow that one's never come up.
  Is that standards? Did he beat? No, that is no, no, no.
  That is an aggr-like that is a I don't even I don't even want to like I'm goof on it or whatever.
  That is a completely earnest attempt to do something interesting.
  And it's a very strange list.
 I find it very strange.
  Listen, I guess I can kind of appreciate it that it's like it's attempting.
  It's really a huge swing at like making interesting, weird music.
  But I don't know that I enjoy it.
  You don't you just don't want to.
  I appreciate your respect for the man that you don't want to do little.
  I respect him down a little.
 Yes.
  You're on this this Patreon within a Patreon.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I still think if you're going to listen to it and I think you might know why I'm like,  like I'm really actually not even trying to be like, oh, I'm trying to be polite or anything.
  It's just truly it's kind of a confusing.
 Listen, that's really what I'm getting at.
  Because it's not like I truly never know.
  It's not like it's not like some country like boring three chord country rock or something like it's not that it's something it's different.
  And it's confused.
 A little confusing.
 Anyway, we'll do it.
  We'll do an episode.
 Twenty twenty three.
 The futurist.
  All right.
 She Daisy performs.
  She Daisy, not the Dixie before the Dixie chicks or the chicks as they're known now.
  I don't know anything about them.
 And that's where it stops as far as I'm concerned.
  Fergie's first band or like first sort of hit band is here.
 Wild Orchid.
 Wild Orchid, which was really exciting to see.
  Well, they are they're backed up by a bunch of snowflake covered towels.
  That's my description of who's dancing with them.
  I look there's not a ton here really, but you are getting the beginning seeds of the Fergie like too much like the Fergie insanity.
  You're describing you're calling you're describing something that could be said to be Fergalicious.
  The beginning of Fergalicious.
 It's a little bit.
  It's a little bit.
 It's like 30 percent Fergalicious.
  But, you know, it's awaiting her in the new millennium, reaching peak Fergalicious.
  Yes.
 I mean, I went down the rabbit hole then of like the other the the performance.
  She's performing Fergalicious on some award show.
  And she just like it's the biggest fail of a rap you've ever heard.
  She tries to launch and then just kind of like sputters and scrapes the ground.
  It's incredible.
 And the Star Spangled Banner she did Fergie's.
  Oh, yeah.
 She's left quite the body of work.
  Yeah.
 Christina Aguilera is in the show.
  And I'm pretty sure Don Pardo accidentally calls her Christina Aguilera at one point.
  But he got it right the other time.
  So look, it's a lot of names to remember.
  Most importantly, she is on the M&M's float with a debut in Green M&M.
  You want to see a giant statue of Red M&M in like a director's chair.
  And she is doing her hit song What a Girl Wants.
  Right.
 So Green M&M is like a lady M&M.
  And I think the idea was she's singing about herself and the Green M&M.
  What is the Green M&M wants? What a Green M&M girl wants.
  Essentially, I think that was the thought.
  She's been the subject of controversy recently with the replacement of the shoes.
  She wore sexy go-go boots.
  And this has been eliminated in a very important decision recently.
  And I understand because I'm watching this footage.
  I mean, like, hey, my juices got flowing looking at Green M&M tilting around slightly.
  That happened.
 Look, that happens a lot.
  And like recently, there's been some sort of Tucker Carlson sexual scare about M&M's.
  And I can't remember what it was.
  But look, everybody has a thing for M&M's.
 Let's be honest.
  Deep down, we all we all have our favorite as far as flavor, color.
  I mean, personally, if I'm going to share, it's probably like I like to think of like a sexy blue peanut butter M&M.
  That's sort of my favorite.
 That's your dream.
  That's if you got a hall pass for for an M&M's specifically.
 Yeah.
  It would be for peanut blue, specifically peanut peanut butter, excuse me, peanut butter blue.
  OK, because I'm that's my favorite M&M is peanut butter.
  Was that a character in the line? No, no, it wasn't.
  I made her up.
 OK, you made a head.
 I invented I invented her.
  I invented peanut butter blue.
  You did not.
 But you did not invent melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
  No, I did not invent that.
 That's just that's just a fact.
  Yeah, it is a fact.
  Jason, if you created your own M&M, your ultimate M&M wife.
  Oh, well, I think it would be I used to really like the crispy M&M's,  which they did bring back, but they brought it back in the wrong color packaging than I remembered.
  No, but which one do you want to kiss? Yeah.
  Well, I was I loved as it's like a preteen, like drinking a tube of M&M's minis.
  So I always like that they were like drinking, drinking, drinking, drinking a tube of M&M's.
  Because it would it could make a mess if you dumped it in your hand.
  So it's just easier to drink it out of the tube.
  You call it drinking, though? Well, Scott, when you don't chew, it's called drinking.
  I mean, you chew, but it's just like you're I don't know.
  And I like that they were like, what would you say, like a parasitic organism?  Like dozens and dozens of them would form objects or hands or you want kind of like a poly thing with a 50 mini M&M's.
  Yeah, I want to.
 Yeah, mine would be a poly cue with a lot of mini M&M's.
  You heard it here first.
 Jason wants a mini poly cue like a like a clay face for Batman sort of situ because they were fed to anything.
  So they could become they could become one M&M at a certain point if that's what they were in the mood for.
  Yeah.
 Or they could separate into 50 depending.
  And then you could drink them.
 We could drink each other in like it's a mutual thing.
  Jason loves his tiny, crispy poly.
  Well, I think trying to shoehorn crispy into the.
  All right.
 I think there's enough for them.
  You know, they don't make those.
 You're right.
 That's that's fair.
  I don't know, Scott.
 I don't know if you can even follow that.
  I like Brown just the way she is.
  All right.
 That's nice.
 She's got glasses.
  She's smart.
 Old fashioned.
 All right.
 Yeah.
  Classy, elegant.
  So you're timeless.
 You're too pervert.
  I'm looking now.
 It's there are some blues that exist, but I don't think these are the blue.
  There's one that looks like a chauffeur.
  And then there's one who seems to be promoting X-Men apocalypse.
  Well, that's that's the M&M for me.
 I tell you what.
  I mean, this might be it here.
 I'll share the screen.
 Yeah.
  This is what you were.
 Yes.
  M&M dressed as apocalypse Oscar Isaac's apocalypse.
  Oh, my God.
 That's I love that.
  Well, your dream M&M has been here all along.
  All right.
 Well, if we can we want to calm down a little bit, let's although I don't know.
  I don't know.
 People maybe people are excited or about or attracted to ask Jeeves.
  And there might be kind of an appeal to ask Jeeves in the ask Jeeves float because he is sitting on a big toilet.
  So if that's your thing, you know, you're into butlers, butler toilet play.
  It would be a good while before people were like surfing the Internet on a toilet.
  Latons are really heavy back then.
  Wi-Fi would hot.
 That would heat your legs up.
  That would heat your legs up.
  You probably have to have a you know, an ethernet cable running.
  You know, you'd have to get like a breakfast in bed type tray and put it on your lap.
  And put the computer on there.
  Drag the whole unit in with you.
  The whole set of the disk drive.
  You're still too horny for the M&M's talk.
  You got to scale it back, man.
  I'm getting I'm horny for surfing a Gateway 2000 computer on the toilet in the year 1999 presented to you by an elegant, distinguished butler.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's great to see you ask Jeeves.
  I miss him a little bit, honestly, as far as being having an eye like we all just use Google, I assume.
  I don't think any of us are going to ask Jeeves anymore.
  It was fun when Ask Jeeves was around like and if you don't recall, it was kind of when there was still a question of what the big search engine is going to be.
  Ask Jeeves was definitely a contender and it just became Ask.
com.
  They just streamlined it.
  Much like Max with HBO.
  The much cleaner, better, more specific Max.
  It tells you everything you need to know.
  If you liked HBO Max, but you didn't like all those shows being on it, check out Max.
  But yeah, look, there's no Jeeves anymore.
  You know, it was a more playful time before the dot com bust and, you know, with silly characters.
  And, you know, it didn't become the Internet that we know today so much.
  Yeah, too bad.
  Just ask.
  I mean, ask.
com probably owns Jeeves, but I think they should license him.
  I think they should let another company use him.
  Let him join the Avengers is what I'm saying.
  Did you watch the post credits?  Yeah, wait.
  No, who was that?  That was Jeeves.
  Yeah, it was Jeeves in the comics.
  No, no, I don't know what that was.
  No, I don't know why Jeeves is suddenly being teased.
  Don't ask questions.
  Just enjoy it.
  Just enjoy it.
  Just he's he's sitting on a toilet, which is apparently a callback to the 1999 Macy's for.
  No, it's not literally a toilet, we should say.
  But I it is certainly what it looks like to me.
  It seems like it.
  It's like that that that Walt statue they're going to put an Epcot where he's.
  Yes.
  Really on a toilet, but it looks like he's on a toilet.
  Now, this was what I didn't realize is Jeeves presence only increased because it went from being a float down towards the ground to a he got a balloon.
  The next year he was balloon and they ran that for a couple of years.
  So Jeeves was like really, really dominating the Macy's people have affection for Jeeves, too.
  I feel like I feel like people liked it.
  I feel like I feel like people liked Ask Jeeves at the time, and I felt like that was a fun reference to make.
  And I feel like they made a big mistake abandoning him.
  Mm hmm.
  I don't know what do they got without it.
  Right.
 Nothing.
  It's just a red oval.
  Ask.
com who gives a shit.
  It's still running.
  I just pulled it up on my phone.
  It's still the red oval.
  It's wild.
  They mean they fucked up.
  Yeah, they had it all.
  Yeah, it all may squandered it.
  They let it go.
  So similar of a time and this year and only this year it was the pets.
com sock puppet.
  No, not sock, but it's a dog.
  It's a dog puppet who's kind of a who is a sock kind of what is it?  What is he?  He's a dog.
  It's a sock puppet.
  I don't know.
  Like he's got the spot on his eye.
  You're looking for specifically what breed?  What do you mean?  What do you question?  Oh, no, no, no.
  Just what was the point of him?  He was like a man on the street.
  He was like a nice triumph.
  Yeah, and triumph tried to take him to court.
  Right.
  And it was settled.
  I don't think it didn't go all the way.
  This little moment.
  This is one of these little like TIF kind of moments in the parade where Katie Couric has to do the jargon of explaining the pets.
com puppet.
  Matt, our puppet is also the ambassador for Pets.
com commitment.
  Pets.
com commitment.
  Don't quit your day job, Katie.
  Maybe I ought to since I can't read the darn teleprompter.
  Pets.
com's program to celebrate and support people helping animals and animals helping people.
  So, I mean, I don't blame her.
  She's like she's she's been talking all morning since she had to get up at 2 a.
m.
  And now she's reached like in the Bible that they make those hosts read.
  I've seen that on the special.
  It's crazy.
  And now she's hours in and she has to read pets.
com commitment and know what she's looking at.
  People aren't even used to saying dot com yet, really.
  And now she's got to do this jargon.
  And then your your lower sweeps in.
  Hey, don't quit your day job.
  Always a villain.
  Always a villain.
  They it was I think it was supposed to be like a fun back and forth, but they both seem so annoyed and tired and not into it.
  I probably because also she had to do hours of like now imagine four Volkswagen Beatles stacked on top of each other.
  And that's how big the Garfield the cat balloon is.
  It's all these these facts.
  Yeah.
  This is the hallmark of the parade or a lot of parades.
  Why you'd have to take why it would take seven hundred belts standing all connected together and go all the way to the sun and back.
  And yeah, these Fred, they don't they're fun to say, I guess, but they don't the most that you ever get out of them is like, hmm.
  If if these Arthur the art of arcs, jeans were in real life, they would be a size three hundred like something like just really like, oh, yeah, I know.
  OK, great.
 They're big.
 The big pants are saying, yeah.
  And then seven three months later, like remember when I told you about Arthur's pants, we made them.
  We made the pants and here they are.
  Oh, see, I told you that it would be that it would be big.
  I didn't really care.
  Yeah, no, I took your word for it.
  Fine.
 Didn't have to make the jeans.
  Here's something I didn't know.
  Not that it matters because it doesn't.
  The all new Captain Kangaroo was a show in 1997 and it lasted for two years.
  And I don't know if you guys know or you remember the original Captain Kangaroo, which was a show before our time.
  But I was made aware of it because my mom was obsessed with me reliving her childhood.
  Yes, yes.
 Hence the Archie's and whatever.
  Hence everything I talk about.
  Yes, all the old character actor.
  Yeah, a little a lot.
 Yes.
  So I was very familiar with him.
  I don't really I didn't have a lot of affection for original Captain Kangaroo.
  He's like kind of an older man in a red suit, some sort of military vaguely military suit.
  He was a captain, of course, Navy man.
  But I didn't even know this in 1997.
  They tried it again.
  They tried it again.
  They tried to do a new Captain Kangaroo with a different older man.
  Jason, you remember this?  I faintly remember it being around.
  But like I mean, it's notable in the parade because he is on the Caribbean float, standing pretty still.
  And then Lou Baga is on the float singing Mambo number five.
  Yes, obviously, people's eyes are going right to Lou Baga.
  So I guess this is why people don't remember that they made an attempt with the new Captain Kangaroo.
  Because Lou Baga took all the focus because of his hit song that he was singing.
  Kind of hat on a hat.
 Well, you already got Lou Bago.
  Do we all and it's an under the sea float promoting Caribbean tourism.
  Yeah.
 Do we also need a new Captain Kangaroo who I don't think I've ever seen in my life?  It was utterly unfamiliar.
 I know.
  No, he has a blue suit now and instead of a red, the original letter red.
  Now this guy's got a blue one on.
  They look somewhat similar, but I had never seen this man in my life.
  I understand I was a little too old for it, maybe in 97, but I should have been on my radar, I think.
  This is all where you can see the Marionette, the big puppets, the like eight eight foot tall Epcot style.
  Yeah.
 That too.
 This this float had everything.
  This had everything.
 Lou Baga.
 Can I say this? Lou Baga was 24 years old here.
  Wow.
 I always thought he was like a little bit older.
  I don't know why.
 I guess maybe the dress he kind of dresses like an old like kind of gangstery kind of guy.
  Yeah, that confuses it.
 Yeah.
 He kind of looks the same now.
  He's 47 years old.
 You're not that old now.
  If you told me he was that then I would.
 I that's right.
  Yeah, this was shocking to me as I learned this like a little while ago.
  I think everyone again, it's a little a piece of like the dress from the Swing Revival.
  And it just it makes you look old.
 The baggy pants.
  The hats.
 If you want to look, if you want to give yourself 19 years put on these clothes.
  Lou, OK.
 Lou is still wearing these clothes too.
  Yeah, he's still he's still rocking the Zoot suit.
  Yeah, it's not really causing riots like the actual Zoot suit riots did cause back in the day.
  I know you remember it well because you were there.
 Yeah.
  He beat the shit out of me.
  So look, I was like, OK, yeah, I want to check in with Lou.
  What is Lou been up to?  And I think maybe I've already mentioned this on the show,  but when does that ever stop me from sharing something again?  Lou, of course, Lou Baga sampled the song from Scatman John.
  And he it's the song is called Scatman and Hatman.
  And I do I do love it.
  He's the hat man and Scatman John rest in peace was the Scatman.
  And by the way, the video looks like it's a Chico's commercial.
  That's the view.
 You'll see a clip of it, I'm sure.
  When I will I tour everybody's getting mixed it up to the sound of the mumble.
  Yes, it can't be block it.
  Twenty years and more.
  Scanning Lou pop it.
  Say, but your mama gave you.
  Scatman and Hatman.
  Traveling time.
  Scatman and Hatman.
  Going online.
  Scatman with Hatman.
  Do it in style.
  Let's go, go, go.
  DJ turn it up was what I would say when I'm in a club.
  This is what I want to hear.
  And it's archival.
  It's the old footage because Scatman John has passed away.
  But this, as I've said before, I have a lot of affection for the song Scatman because it was my one of my backyard wrestling entrance music that I used.
  Lou is trying to brand himself as the hat man, which I really like.
  And I don't know if that caught on.
  But I like that strange thing to like.
  Here you go, everybody.
  Scatman and Hatman together at last.
  What's Hatman?  Me?  I'm Hatman.
  Because also, I mean, look, I love Scatman John and all that stuff, but I don't know that a lot of people know who Scatman.
  So, well, and he already established.
  Is it scat world?  Scat universe?  Well, that's a different that's Scatman's album.
  Yeah, he did establish that it's Scatman's world and that he has a whole universe he's created.
  It's scat.
  It's scat.
  All right.
  It's a bunch of scat.
  Scatman and Hatman.
  I mean, extended universe, like just building out the continuity.
  I agree.
  Now, Lou is just like, I love it.
  I love that he's still at it.
  This is Lou Bega's new song called Let's Get the Fiesta Started.
  Don't follow Lou Bega into a van.
  Girls, what are you doing?  He just grabbed four women off the street, locked the door, got in the road.
  Lou Bega just put four women into an unmarked van and he drove away with them.
  And anyway, this is not as good as Scatman and Hatman.
  But anyway.
  Four women, Erica, Monica, a little bit.
  But Lou tells me the channel Lou Bega Official is going to be getting a lot of play in the Carlson home this holidays.
  Oh, I think you're correct.
  Lindsay, Lindsay, get in here.
  Lindsay, Lindsay.
  Did you know he released the covers album in 2012?  We have to get we have to get to work.
  Five point nine million views on Scatman meets Hatman.
  Pretty cool, right?  Pretty interesting.
  He's making some good money off of that.
  The ad revenue ain't bad at that level.
  Bring me my calculator.
  I want to crunch the numbers.
  I want to see what he's making.
  So so great to see Lou.
  I'm glad that he's at it.
  And he was young.
  And he was young.
  I was so young and I he had a big hit when he was really young.
  Do you know there was a Disney Mambo number?  Yes, I do.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Lovita Mickey.
  Oh, yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  This is.
  Oh, yeah.
  No, no, no.
  That everyone knows that.
  No, no, no.
  That for years.
  Yes, of course.
  I think common knowledge.
  Contemporaneous with Devo to the children.
  Devo.
  Mm hmm.
  Diz.
  The song hit.
  This one is called Disney Mambo number five.
  You know, it's just sometimes the easiest to call it what it is.
  I believe Lou Baga either played Epcot recently or was on a Disney parade recently.
  Like he's all of those things.
  Epcot every year.
  It's the only place he plays Epcot.
  Mickey.
  Mickey Thomas.
  No other venue will accept these performance.
  Everclear.
  I think Everclear just started playing the Epcot.
  Sugar Ray's been playing for years.
  Is this is this become a speed round to say everything that gets said in every episode  now?  What's missing?  Gerberg.
  This is the closest.
  No, this is the closest to the talk we've had is listing the artists who do play Epcot.
  I'm curious about the song on Lovita Mickey.
  They just took all the like Latin invasion, whatever that that trend was called.
  And the it's all just live in Lovita Mickey.
  Mickey's Cup of Life.
  Disney Mambo number five.
  Of course, Lou Baga, the only real person from that trend to show up.
  Right.
  And then and then there's a track called Enrique, Ricky and Mickey, which I can only assume  something tells me only one of those people in that list is part of the song.
  I think that's right.
  There's a float to promote the crocodile hunter with some guy, some Broadway guy, I think  singing crocodile rock by Elton John.
  But the funny thing about this is to me is that they say that Steve Irwin is like recovering  from something and then he's not there.
  Not the one that would not the one ultimately.
  But yes, some other accident.
  Yeah.
  So so Terry Irwin is there.
  Right.
  Not Steve Irwin.
  Right.
  Well, crocodile.
  I remember you remember when rock was young like the most Broadway version.
  Yeah.
  That it doesn't it holds up a little bit better than the BG songs.
  I think with the styles slightly, slightly, maybe slightly is still better.
  If I can just go back for some part.
  Oh, so this is I mean, this is the part of the parade we're kind of talking about right  now.
  But I think it's just Don Par another Don Pardo list.
  And what you're looking at on the screen is blue from Blue's crew.
  Stay with us for the all new Captain Kangaroo, Big Bang, Voodoo Daddy, Mambo King, Lubega  and the number from the Broadway musical Ragtime and Santa Claus live here on NBC.
  And I think it's just hearing him like say it all in a row and then ending with like  Santa Claus right after Big Bad Voodoo Daddy and Ragtime.
  That was like what I like snapped into attention a little more.
  You know?  Yeah.
  I mean, that was it.
  That Santa's coming.
  I well, no, it's just that combination while staring at the giant blue from Blue's Clues  float.
  The top of the show is the one where he just on with no break lists everything.
  And then you get you get little chunks of it.
  And it's it is fun because it's if you've ever if you're like us and you regularly do  the Don Pardo voice and say names that weren't that never appeared on Saturday Night Live  or something.
  So like it's a dream to hear it because it feels like a bit has come to life.
  It feels like musical guest Garfield.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So so anytime anytime you're a regular Pardo impersonator in your daily life, I think you're  going to get a lot of joy out of this.
  Last night we were watching as it aired the Steve Martin Martin short one.
  And in between the eight thirty broadcast and eleven thirty broadcast, they play those  like edited shortened SNL episodes.
  And it was the 1990 episode with Tom Hanks with the Five Timers Club with Young Conan  and Scott a sketch.
  I think you sent us at some point where Mike Myers plays Carl Sagan hosting a Christmas  variety.
  How are you?  Yeah.
  That's a global warming like we're pre-luting.
  Yeah.
  It was just and there's also like a wacky game show sketch that Tony Randall just appears  in.
  Like it is such a weird episode.
  And you and you're saying the Pardo was in you're saying you got a little part of there  as well as well.
  Well, you get a little part because he has a big mouthful when he has to go.
  Edie Burkell and the new radicals.
  I believe it's new Bohemian.
  Sorry.
  New radicals later in the radicals is that now that one I let now Mike, we've talked  about a lot of fucking shit.
  Yeah.
  I love New Radicals.
  You only get what you do.
  You like the second.
  I do.
  You like that second single to some someday we'll know.
  Yeah, I do.
  I like and that song was covered by a couple of my favorites, Hall and Oates and Todd Rundgren  together.
  Oh, and those guys don't go covering unless it's quality work.
  Do you like those fastball songs?  Those I know the one I don't know multiple fastball fire escape.
  You're an ocean that's on the second album.
  No, Mike.
  No one knows that you're the only one diving into the full catalog of fastball.
  I had that for a ball album.
  I actually have looked at what fastballs up to lately as far as new songs.
  But I'm talking about the old I'm talking about the glory days.
  Actually, but my surprise is that's fair.
  I have just written down here, Rock-a-Pella, Nesquik Bunny.
  Mm hmm.
  That's all I have to say.
  I don't have any else to say.
  Just a good pair.
  Yeah.
  Killer pairs.
  He got his paws in the cement at Mann's Chinese Theater that year.
  They made sure to mention that was weird.
  What do you mean?  You can't go there and see that.
  There's no way the Nesquik Bunny.
  That's that's bizarre.
  They rotate those slabs.
  There's a warehouse full of the slabs that they rotate them.
  So maybe you'll come back around.
  I think Nesquik Bunny.
  I think I think it went into the warehouse and stayed in the warehouse.
  Yes.
  The Ark of the Covenant.
  Yeah, they're clamoring.
  Get these get Daniel Radcliffe out of here.
  People want to see Nesquik Bunny.
  I'm trying to think.
  I mean, everything else.
  I don't have any of my big point.
  I mean, Flores Henderson's involved.
  Barney is involved.
  We didn't say.
  That was one of the assigned things to mention.
  Oh, and you know what?  Talk about Don Pardo things.
  That's the throughout.
  Yes.
  It happens a bunch of times that you get to hear Don Pardo say Austin Powers nemesis mini  me for Troy.
  What a great clunky phrase.
  Really great phrase.
  Yeah.
  It makes me wish that he had hosted musical guest Austin Powers and the other guys.
  Musical guest Austin Powers and Ming T.
  Musical guest Ming T and your host Austin Powers nemesis mini me.
  It's it's kind of in a way better than the actual.
  I mean, the floats fine.
  There's the go go dancers.
  Vernon is sitting down.
  He's waving.
  He's not in.
  It's not.
  It's not.
  I feel like the part of part is almost my favorite element of the of the float.
  Yeah, I almost forgot.
  That's a great thing to have to hear a bunch of times.
  Also, to tie it together to the other person assigned to us in the list to talk about doesn't  doesn't current Rudy Giuliani look like mini me?  Not Dr.
 Evil, but mini me like a blown up mini me barely.
  I feel like he's like almost because he saw hunched over.
  He's wearing this was a thing he would do in the not like late 90s.
  I think when the Yankees were on a home run, a World Series run like it just great seasons.
  And he's got the Yankee starter jacket on and he's on the float with the World Championship team.
  Yeah, me too.
  I'm one of these two.
  I'm one of them.
  I'm basically them.
  I think of when you think of them, think of me.
  He's there's no he's not leaking hair dye off of his head at this point in this year.
  That was only later.
  He's mutated.
  Yeah, he's not just aged.
  This man is like mutated in a way.
  And I don't know.
  It's like he fell in the sewer and mutagen mixed with him.
  Well, this is where if you could, you know, show somebody in 1999, 99 us some show us.
  Let's you know, flash in the future as America's things wanted us to do.
  We're watching that flow.
  We're watching.
  Wow.
  Really, Giuliani.
  Boy, he seems like a like like a strong upstanding.
  Why he led the Yankees to World Series victory.
  The mayor is also the coach of the Yankees, right?  In New York.
  I think he also I think I think you have to do both jobs if you're the mayor of New York.
  We're watching that float and then flash to him at Four Seasons landscaping and his head is melting and he's trying to take his pants off to Borat's daughter.
  And you just show us like a montage of all of that.
  And and and like and then expand then really quickly to say and that is all just the context is this is like the final dissolving days of the bizarre presidency of President Donald Trump.
  Just give us all that information and then we like don't sleep for any of the two thousands.
  We're up every night wondering what is what what do you mean?  That's what I mean.
  That's going to happen.
  I don't want to head into the millennium anymore.
  It's like inception.
  But in a spinning top, the thing bringing you back to the late 90s is 98 degrees on a big train float like you.
  You're haunted.
  You're layers and layers down.
  It's like I know you guys haven't gotten through the Snyder cut of the Justice League, but at the end I said there's a tease where it's the whole world has just been nuked and there's only a few of the heroes left, including Batman and the Joker.
  And they've like teamed up just because of out of necessity because they're fighting dark side and his minions.
  That's what you're describing.
  Scott is his 20 years ago.
  A hell world that we wouldn't have been able to fathom.
  You just appear in a portal and like look someone dead in the eye.
  It's like Joaquin Phoenix is going to win an Oscar for playing the Joker from Batman.
  Goodbye.
  What?  And he's doing a sequel with Lady Gaga.
  Lady Gaga is one of the biggest recording artists in the future.
  Well, that I know her soon enough.
  Goodbye.
  Makes sense.
  But this will be the second time an actor has won an Oscar for playing the Joker.
  That's right.
  That's another weird.
  Yeah.
  Likely not the last.
  Not the last.
  It'll happen within the first two decades.
  It's look it's confusing.
  You know, how do you what happens in between?  How do you connect the dots from that Rudy to the Rudy we know today?  And that's actually something because I'm no history buff.
  So I don't want to throw this to both of you guys to Mike and Jason.
  This is the 1999.
  This is a 1999 event in New York.
  Did anything else happen in New York like in the subsequent year?  I've been waiting for it.
  I've been waiting to learn.
  How did things play out in New York for the few years after this?  I believe there was a New York premiere for the movie Shrek in the summer of 2001.
  But I'm not 100 percent.
  Maybe they did that at a Universal City.
  Well, could have been in Los Angeles.
  It could have been Los Angeles.
  Yeah.
  As far as you know, that is the only thing that happened.
  Major events.
  Oh, well, we've talked about the WWE restaurant.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's what you must have been thinking of, Scott.
  Yeah.
  WWE of New York.
  OK.
  OK.
  You guys have something else.
  I have the game.
  I have my game here.
  Oh, yeah.
  So I want you both to pick.
  Well, we'll see how good it ends up being.
  Pick a number.
  Let's just say one, two numbers, both one through 20.
  OK.
  So you'll pick.
  So you would say like five and 11.
  OK.
  Not nine.
  Jason, go for it.
  Five and 11.
  Oh, we know.
  Yeah, we leave it to Jason.
  We know what he's doing.
  Six and 17.
  OK.
  Six and 17.
  So this is what I, this is not, I haven't made a, I haven't made a program to do this,  but somebody smarter than I could.
  Now, this is a generator for Float and Musical Performer from 1999.
  And I'll try to do it in the Dompardo voice.
  Now, Sixpence Nunn the Richer doing their hit Kiss Me on the Toaster Strudel Float.
  Pillsbury Toaster Strudel.
  All right, Scott, same thing.
  Two numbers.
  One and two.
  One and two.
  And now, singing her hit song Believe It's Cher on the Goshers Float.
  Wow, Mike, these really work.
  These are good.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Do a couple more then.
  A couple more.
  Three and 19.
  Three and 19.
  OK.
  This is a good list of snacks from the 90s.
  319.
  OK.
  Oh, God, I don't even remember that.
  Now, performing her hit song Angel of Mine, It's Monica on the String Thing Fruit Snack Float.
  And then Katie Couric's introducing it.
  And you're joining on the String Thing Fruit Snack Float.
  Yes.
  Scott, you want to do one more real quick?  Yeah.
  Seven and 18.
  Oh, what's that?  Unless one of those was done.
  Do another one.
  Eight and 18.
  Oh, this couldn't be better.
  And now, performing their number eight hit song Every Morning, It's Sugar Ray, sponsored by Butterfinger Bebe's.
  Perfect.
  Could have easily been Floats this year.
  Be careful.
  We don't want to get Jason imagining being in a polycule.
  Massive Butterfinger Bebe's.
  Where he gets to drink down a bunch of Butterfinger Bebe's.
  A Borg-like Phalanx-like thing of M&M's.
  Drinkable.
 Jason needs more drinkable candy.
  Look, M&M Minis, they might have died down a little, but you still see those tubes.
  And when you see those tubes.
  And you get some ideas.
  Wow.
  Thank you for the-  Can I make the worst joke I've ever made on the show?  Yeah, sure.
  Close it out.
  Last joke of the year.
  Jason.
  I'm trying to figure out how to- the grossest way I can say this.
  Jason's version of a Fleshlight is a Butterfinger Bebe's, M&M's mini tube.
  I'm sorry, everyone.
  Well.
  You survived.
  I'd guess the ride to globe three.
  On that note.
  And all.
 I think that's everything.
 For the year.
  I think that'll do it.
  I think so.
  So let that mental image carry you into-  I'm so sorry.
  Not the millennium, but into the next year.
  I'm so sorry.
  Your bravery saved the podcast.
 Well done, Freedom Fighters.
  And genuinely, at the end of the year here, I think launching this new tier has been a big deal for us.
  And a real spark of life in the pod.
  And I've enjoyed all of these topics and the polls.
  And meeting new friends like Nathan Masuri.
  And getting sent down different rabbit holes.
  You know, club three caused my best day of the year.
  Which was taking the flight to go see the riverboat Car Wash in NorCal.
  Oh yeah.
  So genuinely, thank you club three subscribers for all of this.
  And we appreciate your super support.
  And we hope you'll stick around.
  Yeah, thank you for wanting more bullshit from us.
  We appreciate it.
  For many reasons.
  And hey, club three subscribers, we think you're more special even than four and ten.
  Oh, oh.
  This is how much we appreciate you and value you.
  You're better than four and ten.
  And now, doing Heartbreak Hotel?  It's Whitney Houston featuring Faith Evans and Kelly Price.
  Well, I don't remember that at all.
  Sponsored by Squeeze It Juice Box Drinks.
  Indeed.
  You're more special than that.
  So thank you.
  Classy Chupo, McDonald Land.
  We'll head into next year.
  Give us your suggestions and vote with your likes below.
  But as for now, heading into next year, signing off for Mike Carlson and the inventor of fish food, Jason Sheridan.
  Put it in your Twitter bio.
  Have a happy 2023.
  Bye bye.
