 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains quickly named food courts, two double beds becoming  a quadruple bed, three story cowboy boots, and tasteful 90s colors you'd find in a juice  box commercial.
  All this plus Jacque's Neal returns to talk Disney's All-Star Resorts on today's value  priced podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a theme park podcast hosted by three men who are only around  sporting equipment.
  If it's used as scenery at a novelty hotel, my name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Yes, I love all the giant objects that populate these hotels.
  Well, of course, but sporting equipment, when was the last time you were around it in an  earnest way other than being in an Orlando resort?  Yeah, that's a great point.
  It's a really good point.
  Surely actually, let me ask you, when was it?  Do you know?  I don't know.
  I feel like playing with the dog.
  Sporting equipment?  Yeah, what's the equipment?  Maybe a small ball?  I guess that's kind of a stuffed ball.
  A small.
.
.
  No, dog toys don't count.
  What a tennis ball would though, I feel.
  Scott Geerner here.
  Yes, a tennis ball that's actually earnestly for a human would count with this question.
  They had to have made it with earnest intentions and otherwise the tennis ball doesn't count.
  Because it can't be like a cute dog ball for this question.
  It has to be a real tennis ball.
  This is probably the answer that the Griffith Park dog park, there's usually a few tennis  balls lying around, so you pick one up and throw it.
  That's probably it.
  A used dog tennis ball.
  A used dog tennis ball, but they say you're not supposed to give them regular tennis balls  anymore because they can chew them up and choke on them.
  There's harder ones you can get for them.
  Mike's just lording his famous love of tennis over Jason.
  But I don't.
.
.
  That's not exactly.
.
.
  I won't even count that for this exercise because I don't know.
  Scott, do you have an answer?  I do because I have a little boy now.
  So I have gone to buy a basketball and a basketball pump and another basketball pump because I  forgot I bought the previous pump.
  Nice, nice.
  I can show you both of them here in the garage.
  Is there a hoop?  Is there a hoop anywhere?  There's not here, but there's a bunch around town.
  The greater Burbank area.
  We find our spots.
  Golf clubs over there.
  Those have been around for a long time.
  But I do golf.
  We moved into a.
.
.
  We're renting a house now.
  So I was looking, I go, I could get a basketball hoop here.
  I could do that.
  At least the child's version of Fisher Price.
  Let's ask our guest to bring him into this.
  I assume maybe it's been more recent.
  It's been less than a week.
  Okay.
  Can I tell you?  That's fair.
  I play basketball and baseball weekly.
  That's great.
  That voice from the show is physical.
  How I Met Your Father returning to podcast the ride.
  J'Keesaniel is back.
  Hello, everyone.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  Thank you.
  Yes.
  Let's talk about sports.
  What's missing from this show?  Let's talk about it.
  Yes.
  Let's talk about it.
  Explain the basics of it.
  Explain the basics.
  What's the ball you said?  Oh, you know, it's a little ball, hand-eye coordination, nice bat.
  You're trying to hit it over a wall.
  I feel like that's all you need to know.
  That's all you need to know.
  I played when I was in kindergarten.
  I played baseball.
  And the only.
.
.
  And I've said this before on the show.
  One of the best moments of my life was I went to a bachelor party in Wisconsin and we just  rented a house and somebody had a wiffle ball bat.
  And we were all just taking turns throwing and hitting and whatever.
  And I was getting mocked by my peers, my friends, because how poor of an athlete I was consistently  in high school and elementary school.
  And I got up there and nobody hit the ball more consistent and farther than me.
  I shot everyone up to the point where you can ask them about this.
  I'm not lying.
  There's many witnesses.
  I think it's a fluke, which happens to me all the time with sports.
  Bowling, it happened to me once.
  I bowled like a 230 or a 40.
  A 230?  Once.
  And then not again.
  Wow.
  Situation with sports.
  Can I.
.
.
  I know we're going to be talking about stuff.
  Can I.
.
.
  Does anybody else bowl?  Anybody bowl?  No, not really.
  No.
  Not often.
  I like to.
  Can I ask.
.
.
  Because I often think this.
  Bowling is the one thing I don't want to be great at.
  Because I feel like if you're good at bowling, it takes the fun out of being good at bowling.
  Right?  Like part of the fun of being good at bowling is, will I get some strikes today?  Will I have the game of my life?  Well, you want to hit a strike every time.
  And when you do, it feels good.
  If I know I can bowl 250, 260, like, okay.
  It feels boring at that point, right?  I don't know.
  I think what.
.
.
  Maybe this is not what you're saying, but I feel also like when you go bowling, it's  so much more of a hang.
  Well, yeah, that too.
  If you were also very good at it, it wouldn't have the same vibe.
  Yeah.
  You would just be mad, like, go this motherfucker again.
  Go ahead and get your strike.
  Go ahead and curve the ball.
  Because you would be so much more like, I brought my own ball, I brought my own shoes.
  You would be an outlier with the group, unless you're with a bunch of bowling friends.
  But I would still have my own ball and have my own shoes with an average of 115.
  Yeah.
  You want to still be.
.
.
  That's more about the style.
  You want to pick that color ball, you want to pick the bag.
  Yeah.
  But I just don't want to be like, great.
  I can be average.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Like, what is that, 150, 170?  Probably 150.
  170 is a good score.
  170 is a great score.
  170 is a great score.
  Yeah, okay.
  I bowled with somebody a couple weeks ago who was a really good bowler, like the curve  and everything, and he got 167.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  That's good.
  He was good.
  We was like, this motherfucker, this dude is great.
  Anyway, I just wanted to know.
  I've never asked that question to anybody else.
  I just wanted to see what.
.
.
  I think you're right.
  I think it would miss.
  It could ruin the hang, certainly.
  We've all bowled together at Downtown Disney.
  Oh, yes.
  At the lanes.
  I don't remember how we did.
  I don't know.
  I don't remember how we did either because we were eating a big thing of nachos at the  same time.
  We had to keep wiping our.
.
.
  Cleaning our hands.
  There's so much going on.
  Oh, yeah.
  There's a lot.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yes.
  The combo of snacks you're eating with your hands with greasy balls.
  We had full deals.
  We had full deals.
  Yeah.
  Because the table was right by the lane.
  So we were going back and forth between the ball and do it, which was fun.
  But I don't think you could focus on either thing that well.
  But I mean, whatever.
  Only when it's theme park research assignment.
  To go back to your previous point, we're around sporting equipment when it's big and fake.
  Yes.
  Exactly.
  We're just covering everything for a long time.
  Or we have to.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If they put a Topgolf or Batting Cages, we'll be there.
  You know, at Disney specifically.
  At Disney.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I love I'll be at Batting Cages to begin with.
  I love Batting Cages.
  They're great.
  They're so fun.
  There's a Topgolf here now, too.
  Is there?  Yeah, there is near the airport.
  Okay.
  Wait, that's that's themed.
  That's a thing.
  We could review that.
  That's always in like silly places like Vegas and where indoor skydiving is.
  Yeah.
  Actually, I think you just gave us an episode.
  I just gave you.
  All right.
  I'll see you all later.
  Thank you so much.
  Thanks for having me.
  Job.
  You gave us a future episode instead of doing this one.
  And it'll help our health.
  It will.
  Yes.
  Just moving a little bit.
  Swinging a club.
  So yeah, we're talking all-star resorts, the Disney World Resort, specifically the All-Star.
  What a top.
  What a like no one's ever said it.
  We've never had it on a list.
  I love this.
  Specifically about the All-Star Resorts.
  I love this.
  They're my favorite.
  I have so many thoughts.
  Wow.
  So many thoughts.
  They're my favorite.
  There was a little discussion.
  Jason texted me and then I emailed about this because there was a discussion of what is  under the umbrella of the All-Star Resorts.
  Probably the ones with All-Star in the title.
  That's what we ended up on.
  It became shorthand for all the value resorts.
  It became shorthand for all the value resorts, which now includes Pop Century and Art of  Animation now.
  I saw one video refer to those.
  Those are actually a tick up.
  They're called Value Plus.
  Oh, see that's a new name.
  That's a new name.
  It's a classification.
  It's a new name.
  Those two have their own complicated history.
  We've sort of narrowed it down to the original three.
  Was someone concerned?  Was somebody like, well, Pop Century is going to be its own thing.
  Jason was not concerned, but he just asked me and then I emailed.
  I was confused.
  Because you're right.
  Because when you think about those, when you think about the All-Star Resorts, I do not  so much Art of Animation.
  I feel like they should just make that.
  It's more expensive than the other four.
  To see you from the All-Star Union.
  But Pop Century does have a little bit of the All-Star feel to it more than Art of Animation.
  They were building Pop Century the first time I ever went to Disney World.
  My second time going to Disney World, we stayed in Pop Century.
  When it was relatively a year or two old.
  It felt very similar to the other All-Star Resorts.
  It's big stuff.
  I don't know enough about Art of Animation to know if it's big stuff or not.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  It is.
  It's big stuff.
  It's also big stuff.
  It's also big stuff.
  It's got a lot of sweets themed after the movies.
  That's partly why it's popular.
  Those two, I think, elevated a little in price-wise.
  Still pretty inexpensive.
  But they sit on a lake and they have the Skyliner station in between.
  So that's what I would say.
  Okay, that's why it's worth it.
  I just did the search for three, four weeks from now.
  In between the holidays.
  How much do hotels cost?  Some shocking numbers coming out of Florida for the hotel.
  Shocking numbers, not since the deep COVID era, have shocking numbers coming out of Florida.
  I'm talking like some of the hotels, $1,000 a night.
  Oh my God.
  The high end one?  Yeah, the higher end.
  That's ridiculous.
  Yeah.
  It's ridiculous.
  Because these hotels, the nicest Disney hotel is not that great.
  Is that?  Yes.
  Right.
  Core-wise, maybe lobby and vibe and the convenience of proximity to a park or some other perk.
  And I'm sure there's suites where you go, oh, holy shit.
  But I don't know.
  So many Disney hotel rooms are just like.
.
.
  Are just hotel rooms.
  They're just hotel rooms.
  The only hotels that I would stay at that wouldn't be a value resort.
  At this point, it's not even about cost.
  It's just about principle.
  I don't want to spend this much money for an upgraded Holiday Inn.
  But the only ones is the Animal Kingdom Lodge.
  And I got to be staying on that side where the giraffes are.
  I want a giraffe right up to my damn balcony.
  Have you done it?  I know.
  That's like my.
.
.
  I started planning a trip and I was also planning a Europe vacation.
  to go to the Animal Kingdom Lodge for the whole thing.
  It was like $8,000.
  And I was like, all right, maybe not at the same time I'm planning a Europe trip.
  Yeah, right, right.
  Maybe not.
  Maybe not.
  But that's the only one I would pay that much money for.
  And a boardwalk hotel because it feels like you're not at Disney when you're staying on  that lake with the yacht resort across the hall and that shit like that.
  And it's fun to walk to Epcot.
  You can walk to Hollywood Studios farther, but it is fun.
  Every other hotel can suck it.
  It's not worth it to me.
  No entry.
  Like I love the vibe of the Polynesian.
  I don't like that price.
  I don't.
  But like, does that do anything for you?  A vibe?  If it was more reasonable?  If it was more reasonable, like, because that's the thing, if it's a dope vibe, sure.
  Yeah, the Polynesian, although I will say this the last time I, because I've been at  Disney World quite a bit and I've gone to other, I've gone to the other resorts just  to like check them out or eat in them because they have good restaurants.
  Last time I was at the Polynesian, I had not, that's somewhat similar to like Hawaii, correct?  Yeah.
  I had not been to Hawaii yet.
  Now I went to Hawaii for the first time last year and now I'm wondering what I would think  of it if I went and checked it out now.
  Now that I know the vibe of Hawaii, I don't know.
  Would it make me, would I be like, this?  Actually is worse.
  Well, it has to be worse.
  Well, yeah, it has to be.
  It has to be worse because you're not there.
  You're not in Hawaii.
  I would say it accurately, I think it does feel like Hawaiian hotels in that they were  built in the early 70s and you kind of like, you know, like only so much remodeling can  take away the early 70s feel of it.
  Yeah.
  So I do, I feel transported just, but that's, I'm after like 70s vibes anyway.
  Gotcha.
  So you might be like, I don't know where you stayed in Hawaii, but you might be like, this  is old and stinks.
  I know I, I like, I like old and I like old and stinky.
  You know, I, I appreciate old and stinky.
  I like what they call balconies in Hawaii.
  The, the Linnau's or no, the Linnau.
  Is that what a balcony or patio?  Yeah.
  They don't call them patios or balconies.
  They're called like Linnau's or something like that.
  Huh?  I feel like last time you were on, you were saying, I think you went for the first time  when you were 21.
  When I was 21.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Cause like, I feel like that my half of my nostalgia, or I guess maybe more than half  for contemporary and Polynesian is cause I went with a little.
  Yeah.
  When I was like five and I was like, well, this is the greatest place I've ever been.
  This is the greatest place ever.
  Yeah.
  So I could see it where you're going later and there were other options and you were  like, yeah, okay.
  Yeah.
  I mean, so in 08, 08 when I went first time, 21 years old, I had never been to any  Disney park.
  So like I'm going to Disney.
  We touched down.
  We get on that magical express.
  You're going to get the video going.
  I'm like, you know, we, we walk up, we pull into the actual resort.
  Everything is Disney, right?  And then we jumped to the, I stayed at the all-star music, uh, movie resort.
  That was the first one I ever stayed at.
  Oh, this is the first trip ever.
  This is the first trip.
  Okay.
  All-star movie.
  And I was like, this is dope.
  It felt like Disney.
  It felt like what a Disney hotel, what I thought a Disney hotel would feel like,  which is big Disney characters everywhere.
  Yeah.
  Like, you know, just nothing, just Disney shit, right?  It was like, all right, we're not just a hotel.
  We're a Disney hotel and not like subtle Disney things.
  Right?  Like it was no, we got big statues of Woody and we got statues of like the  characters and Dalmatians and like, I was like, oh shit.
  This is pretty tight.
  And then the customer service was nice and everything was dope.
  And I was like, oh, this is great.
  And you're getting the full, like you associate all-star movies resort  with the experience with the experience.
  Yeah.
  That's huge.
  Cause to me, like, all right.
  Yeah.
  I've been, we've all been to the contemporary or stayed in it or something  like that, it's a hotel, like, you know, it's a hotel, it's a hotel, right?  You know, is not the operative word necessary.
  Again, I'm after early seventies vibes.
  I love the place, but if you don't have that it's, yeah, it is not.
  Yeah.
  It's like, maybe there's Mickey ears in the carpet in the carpet, you know,  like a painting, the monorail going through was cool.
  Monorail goes through is the big selling.
  Yeah.
  That's that's that's cool.
  We all, yeah, we all was for fetishizing it because I think we were real,  especially because we were little and we'd have books where you'd be like  the contemporary, but I can imagine if you have none of it, you go and you go,  yeah, okay, it's kind of a weird big building.
  Yeah.
  Like I've stayed, you know, I've stayed in nice hotels before, you know, okay.
  Yeah.
  And the thing too is.
  You're not staying at your hotel the whole time.
  You're out a lot, right?  Yeah.
  So for me, the room isn't a drawing point to a hotel.
  And like at this stage, I've seen a lot of Disney rooms, like I've seen like  the fantasy suites above Pirates of the Caribbean.
  I've been in those rooms and I went in, wow.
  I went on a tour for my birthday.
  Wow.
  They like took me through and shit.
  Yeah.
  And they show you all of that.
  And like those rooms like light up and, you know, like trains be coming out the  walls and I don't think we've talked to anybody who's been in there yet.
  What happens?  This is, this seems so like every room in the suite has what they call a good  night's kiss and you can like flip the switch and your room comes alive.
  So every room is differently themed.
  So some rooms like the wall, which just looks like a regular wall will like start  to light up and fireworks to pop off of it or other rooms, like the trains will  pop out the walls and like the toys that's in the room will start coming alive  and everything like that.
  It's kind of like the Tiki room, like, or the Tiki hut, the Tiki room, whatever  it's called.
  Cool.
  So like that's dope.
  Like if my room did that, yeah, sign me up.
  Sure.
  But the contemporary rooms are just rooms.
  They're really just boxy 70s businessmen.
  Literal boxes that they put in, which we learned when we were doing.
  Yeah.
  Slid them in like drawers.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't sound, but that doesn't sound relaxing or magical.
  No.
  Now that said, you're in the all star movies.
  Like I've never stayed in there.
  We, I've done pop century, Jason did pop century.
  Wait, nobody's stayed in any of the all stars.
  I have.
  You have?  Oh, okay.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  Which one?  Um, I've stayed actually at two.
  I have stayed at the, I'm trying to remember the first one.
  I think we stayed at the movies when I was younger for a couple of days.
  Cause sometimes you break it up to save some money too, if you want to do one  of the better hotels.
  Um, and then more recently, Lindsay and I stayed at the, uh, music one.
  Which is dope.
  I really like the music one.
  I like it.
  There's a good vibe there too.
  There's a really cool vibe there.
  Yeah.
  There's like a little bar outside by the pool.
  Yeah.
  You can swim right up to it.
  Yeah, it's, it's again.
  Yeah.
  If you're, if you're, I get it.
  If you're like whole thing is like hotels and I'm going to hang out and I  need a specific thing, like a specific vibe.
  But if it's like, I'm going to be here a little bit and like, you can have a nice  drink at the end of the night and go back to the room.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  Sure.
  It's great.
  Let me do it.
  Here's the, the lay person, uh, the, the overall picture of these resorts.
  They, I think Disney mostly had more premium options.
  It's more in that grand Californian, especially like late 80s, the Eisner era.
  It's all of these kind of ornate, beautifully themed and getting kind of  expensive hotels like Grand Floridian and Yacht and Beach Club.
  So then, uh, early nineties, these start popping up as a much cheaper option.
  So it's kind of, there's sort of no frills room wise.
  I feel that that's what I was going to ask you guys about, but there are also,  and then you're not attached to a monorail or boats or fancy transportation.
  So you're not paying for that, but you're saving a lot of money.
  The buses go to these hotels and they're also not, it's not the ornate Cape  Cod type theming or whatever it is.
  Big objects and Disney characters.
  And here's a big tennis racket.
  Yeah.
  And so two of them open in a 94 and one of them opens in 99.
  So it was kind of like a new breed of resort.
  You don't really find like, I don't think there's this in Paris.
  Like, no, it's a pretty particular.
  It's particular to Walt Disney World.
  Yeah.
  And those people save a lot of money for sure.
  And there, there was a few things going on with the company at the time.
  They realized they were losing money to people staying on the outskirts, saying  in like Kissimmee or staying in the outskirts, uh, the cheaper chain hotels,  much more affordable.
  The other thing is like around 94 early nineties or so, you know, they, they  opened a bunch of moderate hotels, uh, to Puerto Orleans, Caribbean beach.
  But there was a big emphasis at the time of keep people on property.
  The most important thing is we keep people in the bubble.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that's what it did for, I mean, cause when we were looking, I mean, an  Oh, eight a night, these tickets were like $70.
  Even now they're still like around the like 100, 129 range, which is,  I was kind of shocked when I saw those numbers that even I figured even these,  they were just charging way too much more because they're still relatively cheap.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's not bad at all.
  I think a hundred dollars and under a hundred dollars was what they initially  started as now they're between one, yeah.
  120 and 190.
  Oh, okay.
  So they've gone up.
  So it's still under $200.
  Okay.
  For now.
  Open up.
  Like, yeah, now you're not blowing the, which is what I want it when it doing pop  century when we went a couple of years ago, like, yeah, I would love to not  oddly spend $400 every night and not really see the returns.
  It seems to me like you're like, it's not even about that and the saving money for  I think you, it seems like you like the places vibe wise.
  Yeah.
  I like the places vibe wise, which is why I do like boardwalk.
  I like animal kingdom lodge, even though I've never stayed in those two.
  Like the next time I go to Disney and I splurge, it's going to be one of those  two hotels because like the vibe of it for me, if I'm going like, let's, let's  talk about Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Let's talk about, I don't know if anybody saw, obviously I've only been to  current Disneyland, which is fun.
  Cool.
  But if anybody saw that documentary on Disney plus where they show like the  old Disneyland hotel back in the day, like when it was like really themed and  had different shit, like that would have been cool.
  But now I'm like, all right, it's not that much there.
  It's a Marriott.
  It's a Marriott.
  It's a very nice Marriott resort.
  The grand California is beautiful.
  Here's the thing.
  I want people to hear me out.
  I'm not shitting on these hotels.
  Grand California is great.
  It's a beautiful hotel is dope.
  I love sitting in there high as hell and just looking at the wood.
  The lobby is insane.
  It's beautiful.
  Just sitting in there.
  If I have to do it's a great place to take a poop.
  Like you need like a nice bathroom.
  Bathrooms, great bars and restaurants.
  Yeah.
  I I'm not shitting on these hotels.
  You're shitting in them.
  I'm shitting in them.
  I'm sitting right in them.
  But I look at these hotels and I'm like, OK, these are really nice hotels,  but I could pick these hotels up and put these hotels anywhere.
  So if I'm paying this much for a hotel that I can just pick up  and take anywhere else, like I can't really pick up  any of the all star or value or any of the all star.
  And put them anywhere and be like, where the fuck are we at?  But at Disney, I'm at these hotels and I'm like, this makes sense.
  This makes sense.
  Yeah, there's like no like cheap Motel Six that just has a bunch of big toys outside.
  Yeah, like there isn't doesn't exist the version of it because to me,  it's like it's the kid.
  It's your kid brain going, everything's big and there's a bunch of toys.
  And there's like, yes, like it's fun because it feels the vibe.
  It reminds me of like a Disney store or something or like a toy store.
  So you're not going to get that anywhere else.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So for me and then to like just the like the Grand California is like seven  hundred dollars a night.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's got so crazy is and to do what to look at fucking,  you know, pins across the street like the what's the bowling alley  at downtown Disney now to look at Naples?  The last time I stayed, I had a view of the sandal store.
  Yeah.
 Like what? What? Yeah.
  So that's the thing that makes me upset, too, because for that amount,  I can go to Disney World and have a giraffe come up to my fucking balcony.
  Like, you know, put his neck up to my.
  So you're not giving me anything different with these hotels.
 Right.
  To charge as much as you're charging.
  And the vibe of them is if you are really doing a Disney like vacation,  you're not in your room as much, even though you may have Disney  like or days where you stay in the crib or stay in a hotel or whatever,  just to rest or relax.
  You're mostly just sleeping in the room for the most part.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So and probably barely and probably barely.
  You're like, you know, if you're trying to crank through parks,  you're not relaxing a ton.
 You're not relaxing the time.
  Well, especially now, if you're like, all right, I set an alarm for 650  because it's seven a.
m.
  I have to open the app.
  I have to open the correct app.
  I have to get off the Wi-Fi.
  Jason, I hate to cut you off, but remember, you have to stay up till midnight  to buy the thing to get the reservations, to get you into the app at seven a.
m.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  I may have been looking at a June twenty twenty two article.
  I was looking at the September one, which is updated.
  They made a point of making it more complicated.
  Yeah, that's right.
 It's ridiculous.
  Don't get me started on it.
 Yeah.
  You know, what just happened to me with the Wi-Fi is I was I was on the Disneyland  Wi-Fi and I tried to enter the I tried to get on my app and flash my  my pass that's only available on the app.
  I don't have a physical pass.
  I have a card.
 Right.
  To you.
 Do you have a card?  You don't have a card.
  No, I don't.
 Yeah.
  And I tried to get on the monorail station to get into Disneyland.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Mission basically.
  And it would not come up and it kept asking for a new password and a new password.
  I'm like, I know my password.
 I'm not crazy.
  I know what my Disney password is.
  And I'm not going to say it here.
 Don't do it.
  Everybody took a pen and paper out like  let's use some teamwork.
  You say your password and I'll say your email.
  I was going to say, yeah, you can say your password, but  people might not get the email.
 Right.
  That's true.
  I think they can guess.
  God of a listener guesses it.
  Can you tell them if it is that  guess on Twitter?  I know what I'm thinking, what it is.
  I think you'd have to you'd have to make a lot of a lot of leaves.
  Well, let's let them guess.
  But let them guess.
  You're sure your security is pretty tricky because your email is password one  at Gmail dot com.
  But your password is password two.
  So they're not going to pay that.
  Security question.
  You have to know as much about the Beach Boys as I do.
  And then you'll get it.
  But anyway, I was trying to basically I just like  I could not even access my pass.
  And I when I was with somebody and I was like, I'm sorry, I can't go in right now.
  And then I thought, is it the Wi-Fi?  And I got off the Wi-Fi and I got into it.
  Right.
  Wi-Fi, signing into the app at all.
  How does that happen?  How does it block with your password?  Yeah, that's interesting.
  We've threatened to do an episode about Go Disney.
  The Disney.
Go.
com, which they're still using.
  And you have to like your app routes you from the app to a website  to do certain elements like to make reservations.
  You can't just do it in an app.
  It shoots you over to this.
  What is it? A company that Disney bought 20 years ago for the internet?  Yeah, it was a competitor of like Yahoo and ASG.
  And so Disney in an attempt to become multimedia empire.
  We know ABC.
  They bought Go.
com.
  And so Go.
com is still the backbone of a lot of the company.
  And it's so bad.
  Yeah.
 And the thing supporting the backbone is they hire a lot of contractors  for projects, the projects launch and then they lay off the contract.
  So it's not.
  But like that Wi-Fi, if that Wi-Fi was flimsy,  even if it's working a little bit, I feel like if it was all in apps  you wouldn't have that happen a lot.
  Maybe I'm wrong.
  But like it feels like everything was just one thing instead of being routed  from app to website back to app.
  Some of that stuff wouldn't happen because I've had that.
  Whenever I have to make a park reservation, it like routes me to the browser.
  Yes.
  You in the app.
  Why am I in the app?  Right.
 And then I have to re put in my password.
  It's so inconvenient.
  I worry they've only made it crucial that you reserve everything.
  Everything.
  Every meal, every day, every ride.
  So and so that's fine.
  There will always be in the app, but also the Internet's horrible.
  It's going to be like a movie minority report.
  They're going to have a thing where they know what you want and you'll just  they'll be have a printout before you even know it.
  And then that'll be in the app telling you.
  But then the printout will say not available on the day.
  Oops, somebody ate the page.
  Oh, I saw that earlier in researching this.
  I was trying to see like, what are these hotels cost right now?  So somebody ate somebody ate somebody ate the page.
  I can't go to I can't look at what restaurants are at all star music today  because Dale, the web page was an acorn.
  This is people jokes.
  People joke sometimes like, why are travel agents around?  Why is Apple Travel still in like not Apple computers, but the chain Apple  Travel? Why is that still in so many like malls or shopping centers?  And the answer is for this.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Right.
  We'll do this for you.
  And you don't really pay a fee to them.
  Disney kicks them the commission.
  Oh, or like Disney, there are a million we could.
  We should get become Disney certified travel agent.
  You should.
 There's a lot of.
  Yeah, you're right.
 There's a lot of a lot of the right hosts.
  When you had that idea, I think it would be a funny bit to do.
  I think have links and every time somebody clicks your link,  you get a commission with a book.
  Yeah, I'm coming around on the idea.
  And they get access to other pools of reservations.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's kind of wild.
  That's the only way to like beat this or win this war of attrition.
  It's the Disney company's waging on us.
  Theme park fans.
  Everybody's in their phone.
  Part of the machine.
  I haven't been last time I was at Disney World.
  I stayed in All Star Music and that was 2018.
  And and like it wasn't phones yet.
  Like we said, the magic bands like you did, obviously, you know,  Fastpass was still the paper tickets still and everything.
  Like that, I think.
  I think it was still the paper.
  Yeah, it was still the paper tickets.
  So it was like it was it was.
  And now if I go back, it's just going to be all phone.
  Janey plus you can see between 2008 and 2012,  they were they were doing a lot of interactive lines like in games.
  You could play in the queue to get you off your phone.
  And at a certain point, they went, we're admitting defeat.
  Yeah.
 And we're pumping some money into the phones like where people are going  to be on their phone.
 We're going to be on your phone at all times.
  But I feel like people weren't always on their phones.
  Like in comparison now, people are always on their phones because you have to be.
  But in comparison, I feel like people were putting down their phones to a degree.
  You nervous about going back?  You think the vibe's not going to be good when you go?  I am.
 I am kind of nervous about going back.
  I I yeah, I'm nervous.
  I'm nervous about going back, which is why if I go back  the next time I go back, I will cheat on my All-Star Resort.
  Yeah.
 And do like the big one just in case.
  This is like I think I'm probably not coming back for a very long time.
  Like just in case is that I mean, you know, outside of just a random trip.
  But if I'm going to like really drop the dough.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I hear you.
  Because they're going to pray.
 They're trying.
  I mean, they are.
 When I say war of attrition, they are trying.
  They're hardest to get us all to tap out going all the time.
  That's what I think that's what it is.
  That is what they're trying to do.
  They're just spending as much money.
 Yeah.
  They don't want you regularly.
  They'd rather have people.
  They'd rather have us going once every five years  and rich, very rich people going all the time.
  Yeah, that's what they want.
  And they were in people like they they are.
  They do not like you because you're like, I'm just going to have a Clif Bar  for breakfast or coffee in the room.
  No, you buy all three of those meals.
  We are in the process of some weird like computation that is happening.
  An aggressive computation.
  It's not about like staffing and stuff.
  It's about maximizing the type of person that's spending the most money in the park.
  So with the reservation system, you can keep out the annual pass holders  until you need to fill up the parks with more of them,  because you'd rather have them than nobody.
  But you can keep them out until like people that are going to spend more money  are stacking up in the parks.
 That's what you're going to do.
  So then at the last second, you can release more spots  for annual pass holders to go, well, OK, fine.
  I'd rather have them in spending five dollars if we didn't fill up  with the guests that are paying more.
  So that's really what it's about versus like, oh, it's just for staffing.
  They don't give a shit about staffing.
  They don't give a shit about staffing.
  Staffing is they're about to lay a bunch of people off.
  Right.
 They don't care.
  That article just came out.
  I realize it wasn't until I made a few jokes about it online.
  It dawned on me how close we were to the holiday season.
  Oh, yeah.
 Threatening the like, well, layoffs are coming.
  Layoffs are coming.
 God, it's wild.
  It's wild.
 They don't care about staffing this.
  They need more staffing now more than ever.
  Oh, they need so much more.
  That's the other thing you're saying, like, keep the the annual pass holders  until you just when you need them.
  That's they're like doing the same thing with staff.
  It's like, how little can we get away with? Yeah.
  You know, they can get people they just don't want.
  They don't want the staff.
  This is it's quite a culture.
  It's yeah, it's pretty wild.
  Yeah, it's pretty wild.
  It's always like the thing that happens with corporations.
  And it always happens to some degree, because I feel but like right now,  especially just in the world, this type of aggressive  like number crunching is happening.
  Data science and algorithmic, when we were the social network and moneyball,  we didn't realize like, hey, remember that's coming.
  It's going to fuck your life.
  Yeah, everyone.
 Yeah, that's coming for everything.
  Yeah.
 And that's what and I've said this story many times on the show.
  But in the some Don Rickles documentary, Bob Newhart says that the mob was  it was better in Vegas when the mob ran it.
  And he's right.
 Is that is a heavy adult.
  I said it many times on the show.
  But now it makes more sense than ever when we're seeing what Disney's doing,  because the mob would allow things that didn't make that much money to exist.
  But now it's a corporation.
 You're pro.
  Pro mob.
 I'm a mob.
  Listen, the mob is cool.
  You know, they they they dress nice.
  They always smell good.
 Right.
  Yes, cologne.
 You know what I'm saying?  On your cheek.
  There's a little tab.
 They live by a code, you know.
  I want to something.
  I watched the first 45 minutes of Casino and Goodfellas and I'm all in on them.
  Yeah.
  Just so you didn't finish.
  You didn't finish.
  You didn't get to the end.
  You didn't get to the moral.
  I ran out and bought suits.
  The loose loose tons of how you say really the jackpot with this thing.
  I wonder what happened.
  Great.
  You know, talking about the All-Stars,  I watched a bunch of videos of people reviewing them online.
  And then there was one like very kind of dry informational one.
  And they're like, hey, look, here's a benefit of staying at the All-Star.
  You get to book fast passes 60 days out.
  You get the magical express for free.
  And then it's just like, you know, you get to use Disney transportation.
  And those were like, this is old info now.
  Yeah.
 And I was like, wait a minute, this is 2019.
  Yeah.
 The three are gone.
  Yeah.
  It's that and that's that's so my heart broke when they got rid of Disney  Magical Express.
  Everybody hates Genie Plus.
  I think.
 Yeah.
 What a bomb is.
  It's a bummer.
  And so like, you know, some of the things that I mean,  they still have the transportation that takes you to and from the parks,  which runs pretty often.
  It's pretty cool.
 You're not going to drive anyway.
  You know, like, and here's the thing.
  Like, yes, if we're standing at Boardwalk, for instance, you can walk to Epcot.
  You can get to Hollywood Studios relatively quickly.
  But you still need to take transportation to get to Magic Kingdom  or the water parks or Epcot or Animal Kingdom.
  So, you know, every hotel because Disney World is a city.
  So every hotel has parks that they're near.
  And but for the most part, you are getting on their transportation  to get to and from most of the places.
  So like the fact that the all star resorts were never like walking  distance to many of the places wasn't a big deal to me  because I'm getting on a bus for 80 percent of the shit I want to go to anyway.
  You might be in bed most places.
 Yeah.
  I had most places, right?  You know, so it's not that big of a deal.
  The one thing that somebody brought up to me was and you somebody,  one of you guys just said it, you were researching like what restaurants  are at the all star.
 Yeah.
  And like they don't have any restaurants.
  They have that they have the big cafeteria.
 Right.
  So they have and each cafeteria has like three or four  different styles of food that they'll sell throughout the day.
  So you can always eat and stuff like that.
  But you're not getting, yeah.
  You know what?  You know, like the one thing I like about Disney World is they got pretty good  restaurants at some of the hotels.
  Like some of those hotels have great fucking restaurants.
  Animal Kingdom Lodge is so good.
  I always forget the name of G.
  I forget G.
Q.
 and Buma.
  Yes.
 About Fejiku.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
  My for me, I guess it's all about how you travel.
  Like if you are the type of traveler that, yeah, I'm going to eat at the parks.
  But if I want to sit down and eat at a nice restaurant, that's not at the parks.
  I would rather it be or just like walk up or anything like that.
  Then obviously, this is better to do at a hotel that you're staying at  or you can easily walk to.
 Right.
  The type of traveler I am, though, is if there is a nice restaurant  that I want to go to, like I'll look and research it before  and I'll just plan how to get there.
 Right.
  And yeah, it may take like 20 extra minutes.
  I may have to take a bus to the nearest park  and then from that park, get on a bus to the hotel I want to go to.
  But like, I'll do that.
  Like and I've had like really good meals and it only adds an extra 30 minutes  at the most, because the number one thing somebody told me  when I first started planning my first trip to Disneyland or Disney World  was just don't be in a rush, never be in a rush.
  And so like I so I took that to heart.
  So for me, an extra 30 minutes to get to a restaurant  I really want to go to isn't that big of a deal for me.
  Like I'm not in a rush.
  I'm not going nowhere.
 You're in the bubble.
  You know what I'm saying?  Like you're in the fucking bubble already.
  So it's not that big of a deal for me in that aspect.
  Or I may plan like, oh, we're in Epcot today.
  Instead of going right back to our hotel, we'll just go to that.
  Like we'll go to the Polynesian and go to the restaurant there for dinner tonight  and then make our way back to a hotel or something like that.
  So there's ways around it.
  If you want to go to the other restaurants that are throughout the  throughout the whole resort, that doesn't really add that much time.
  But, you know, it's how you travel and you can take a lift.
  You get you can also take a lift fairly inexpensively,  at least when we were there last time.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 From like a hotel to hotel.
  That's true.
 Except remember that when we were on this end of the property,  that was a lift nightmare.
  There was a lift nightmare where we came back late.
  And it was literally like roads were closed and from downtown Orlando  from a live show we did.
  And we got like just trapped on the same road back and forth.
  The driver could not figure out police had to like escort us.
  It was over an hour or deal.
  That you can blame that it's this end of the property or anything.
  But it did like I was having like bad flashbacks looking at this area on a map.
  Sure.
 Right.
 Oh, God.
  Lift disaster after 10 o'clock.
  Who knows? Who knows? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But earlier is fine.
  That's what I was going to ask is like, OK, you're fine with it  being like cafeteria food court style restaurants,  but you never found yourself in a situation where you're like trapped  or like, I'm not getting anywhere at this point.
  Now stuck with these restaurants, which are kind of, you know,  they're probably fine.
 They get the job.
  No, I never did, because, you know, for the most part, the way I travel is  if I'm at a park or if I'm out, I'm generally there for most of the day.
  Right.
 And and, you know, and I always would get the dining plan,  which with the dining plan is a little easier to kind of plan your meals out  because you know where you except for like the quick service.
  If you is easier to plan your table service meals out  because you need to know where you're going to actually use them.
 Right.
  So, you know, and then, you know, at the at the worst,  at the absolute worst, I'm still at a theme park.
  So like if I have to just order a room service pizza,  like it's not the worst thing.
  Like theme park.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 My bar is at theme park.
  And so if the whole piece of it has to be just delivered to my room, like  I'm doing OK, I'm doing OK for the most part.
  But like I've never felt trapped in a hotel.
  Again, last time I was at a Disney World Park was 2018.
  So who knows what it's like now?  But I mean, that is you mentioned the pizza in room, like pizza delivery.
  That is a common thing at the All-Stars.
  Yeah.
 Like the they all kind of I think one reason people like them is the consistency.
  Like there's a big food court in the hall.
  All the lobby buildings are called halls.
 Yeah.
  There is usually a giant pool and then one or two smaller like quiet pools.
 Yeah.
  You can get pizza.
  There's jogging trails.
 There's walking trails.
  There is like some exercise.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So you can exercise and they're all in a row, the three hotels.
  Yeah, they're all relatively close to each other.
  Yeah.
 So you can walk to the other all if you want just to change of pace.
  Now, you're going to find your change of pace is very similar to what you have just left.
  But yeah, it's very similar scenery.
  I mean, one cool thing about that is  so they used to do like movies at the pool.
  Yeah.
 They would bring out the big inflatable screen.
  And one time one of the movies was a movie.
  It was my fiance at the time.
  We didn't want to see that movie, but the other resort was showing a movie  we did want to see.
 So we just like walked over to that resort.
  It took five minutes to walk over there from where we were.
  Watch that movie and then came back to our hotel.
  So like that was a cool thing to be able to do and that they were pretty close to each other.
  But I think these these and and this area,  this is like the southern, very southern part of the property.
  I think it crosses.
  It is in Osceola County, not Orange County.
  Is it another county?  Is that so wild?  Disneyland border is in two different counties.
  But I love this.
  What you were saying about like, yeah, if I'm at the park,  I'll just take a bus to another hotel.
  When when I was a kid, like my parents were like, OK,  and then if we have to get to a hotel for dinner,  we'll have to get to the ticket and transportation center.
  But as everything has built up, it's like, well, no, each park  and Disney Springs are now like transportation hubs.
  So they all are.
  Just get to one of those.
  You can get anywhere like I get anywhere.
  Yeah.
 I stayed at Pop Century.
  What it's just like, I want to go to this one hotel.
  I was like, oh, Disney Springs is right there.
  I'll just go to Disney Springs and then get a bus to the hotel.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, sure.
  And depending on what time of day you're doing, like those buses run.
  Like if it's really late, you may wait.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You know, you may wait a little bit for a bus,  but if it's peak time or close to peak time, those buses are coming.
  Sure.
 Every like five to 10 minutes at the most.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah.
 You know, it's weird about the county thing.
  I was like, wait, does this mean like how are we looking on an electoral map?  And in fact, most of most of Disney World is in Orange County.
  But then there's the Osceola Parkway and that's the division line  and anything south of that.
  So it's all stars or it's not pop century pop centuries in Orange.
  And but it's just the all stars and the wide world of sports.
  And then outside of Disney, you know, it's right at the literally at the line  is the Margaritaville Resort.
  Oh, yeah.
 I love this.
  H2O Water Park.
  So it's so if you're if you want to go to the rock and bruise  in that's in Osceola County, but over.
  But you cross the highway and you want to go to the Red Robin  or the Applebee's or the Hooters.
  That's an orange.
  It's an orange county and orange, at least in the most recent.
  This is a governor.
  This is the DeSantis Christ election.
 Right.
  Orange went blue and across the Seola went red.
  Yeah.
 So you're so you're in you're in DeSantis territory.
  I mean, all of it is, I guess.
  But electorally, you're in DeSantis territory at the rock and bruise,  which makes sense with the connection.
  But that's a blue Hooters you got.
  That's a blue Hooters.
  We know we love our blue Hooters.
  If you're a CNN reporter and you want to interview someone in some diners,  this is the perfect place.
  This is the perfect place.
  You just got to go right across the street.
  I'll do Applebee's here and then I'll do, you know,  just going to avoid cars.
  Yeah.
 Sorry.
  I'm just trying to get to the Denny's.
  I got to figure out kitchen table issues.
  So wait a minute.
  So so the all-star resorts are in red territory.
  Is what you're saying? Yeah, they were both.
  Well, it's been real all-star.
  Yeah.
  Well, you know, now it's trending that way with DeSantis and Chris.
  Literally, they were like, like one is plus eight for Orange's plus eight  for Chris and Osceola.
  So all stars went plus eight.
  All stars went plus eight.
  On behalf of the all-star.
  No, that's what it was.
  That's where they were voting.
  They were voting right at all star music.
  And all their main issue is that like, look,  sports is the first one on the bus lane.
  Like, so by the time the buses go to music and movies,  there's so many people on the bus.
  Can't they redistrict to get the all stars in Orange County?  Yeah, it's like they should.
  They should.
  Look, I mean, I was wondering, does any of this impact  the way DeSantis is targeting the Reedy Creek Creek district?  Right.
 Yeah.
  Like stopping Disney from doing it, although I'm starting to think  none of that is happening.
  And that was all for show.
  It was all for show.
  It is not.
  Does that not sound like the DeSantis you know?  Color me surprised.
  Full of bullshit.
  I don't believe it.
  But I but I do wonder, like, is this possible that  due to like, well, they voted for me, so all star can keep doing  whatever they want.
  But if that's the case, then sign me up, baby.
  Sign me up.
  He should announce his presidential candidacy at the all star.
  At the All-Star Sports.
  On top of a big star on a big football.
  Right on top of that football.
  Right on top of that football.
  He's running made his home run goofy.
  First in line for the presidency.
  They try to ask questions, but he just spits water out.
  The kids love him.
  I like it.
 It's honest.
  He doesn't say a bunch of bullshit.
  He just spits from the heart.
  One one cool thing, though, just thinking about like the big  or one of the resource has like the Donald Duck and his nephews  like spitting out water and shit.
  One of the things that like bothers me about Disney now is every new thing,  for the most part, is generally an acquired property.
  Star Wars, Marvel, like, right.
  I think like the Mickey and Minnie Railway Railway was the first  like ride or attraction  that they had built in like 20, 30 years that actually used original Disney  characters or something like that.
  That is not something that is not something they like acquired or something.
  Frozen in there.
  But I guess frozen.
 Yeah, it's pretty rare.
  What like the original Disney characters like the Disney Mickey Mouse?  Like they don't build anything with them anymore.
  Yeah.
 So like I didn't know this the first time I went.
  But as I went back, I've been to Disney World five times now.
  As I've been back, I was like, it's actually nice to  just have big Disney characters like Disney cartoons,  like just kind of around and not Darth Vader or, you know, Star Lord or,  you know, the Avengers or some shit.
  Yeah.
 So here are the the like industrial building where the Avengers work.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Come out and say maybe maybe they'll come out.
  They're working.
 They're very busy.
  Yes.
 And you can't come in here.
  Never.
 You can never see what's on the inside of this building.
  That's calling out.
  This seems like that you it's fun to hear about sport.
  Goofy.
 Let's just get in the helmet.
  Let's just call out big stuff.
  Anybody likes this? Here's the big stuff.
  Freak.
 What is your favorite big stuff?  I like the big jukebox.
  The big jukebox is cool.
 Star music.
  You love rock and roll.
  I love to rock.
 I love to rock around the clock.
  I like it's a little fuzzy in my brain right now, but I like the big  like Broadway thing.
  Oh, the show to the show to the marquee.
  Like I like that.
  They have a few little street signs.
 Yes.
  And then a little mini Central Park.
 Yes.
  Field.
 Yeah, that was pretty cool.
  Say there's three there's three of them.
  Sports, music, movies.
  Movies was the latter one added in 99.
  So that's anything we throw out big things from any of them.
  I just want to make sure we named the themes.
  Well, I want to name the the music genres represented.
  You have Broadway show tunes, you know, country rock and roll jazz  and then Calypso.
  Yes, one of the big five.
  One of the big five.
  We're always listening to a lot of I think that's Donald and him, right?  That's the Calypso.
  The three Caballero in Calypso seems like.
  Kind of they had the Caballero's in mind first and then we're searching for like  and what music makes sense.
  What can we put with them?  I don't.
 Yes.
 I don't know if we can.
  What are the big Calypso artists of the last 30 years?  Good question.
  Harry Belafonte.
 No, who's saying who says that?  Is he probably not?  Someone named Calypso Rose.
  All right.
 OK.
  I like the name.
 It tells you what it is.
  Calypso Rose.
  There's a steel drum with Calypso, right?  Yeah, really?  Yeah, Jimmy Buffett has to have some Calypso inspired songs.
  This will not allow you to say that Jimmy Buffett is Calypso.
  I don't know.
  I think that is a real reach.
  Let me see.
 A reach?  You got to have a couple.
  You can amend it with some if you want to put like,  oh, if you want to call it like like Rum Ipso or.
  Rum Calypso.
  Apocalypse.
 So he has a song.
  So he's he's in the Ipso family.
  Is it a Calypso song about apocalypto?  The Mel Gibson film?  It was a very weird scene where you suddenly are watching  and you're like, is that Jimmy Buffett's voice?  I love it.
  Even the Wikipedia of Calypso, what they're calling out is like  Harry Belafonte is jumping the line.
  Oh, so Harry Belafonte?  You're right.
 Yeah.
  Or Under the Sea is Calypso.
  Under the Sea.
  Yeah, they could have did Little Mermaid.
  Well, yeah.
 Why wouldn't that?  Sebastian, according if on the official Calypso Wikipedia,  Sebastian is one of the main Calypso artists.
  What really?  That's wild.
 Just in the list.
  This is what I'm saying.
  That like Calypso enjoyed some waves of popularity  with jumping the line in Beetlejuice and Under the Sea.
  Sebastian is the second most popular Calypso artist.
  And they didn't use him.
 They used him.
  They own the one of the most popular Calypso artists.
  That's so funny.
  That's so funny.
  One song.
 Oh, no.
 Did he do with the sequel songs?  Well, if you're including the videos where the voice of Sebastian  Samuel Wright has a big party at the Caribbean beach, maybe that's why.
  Maybe he's already associated with Caribbean beach.
  Or also would Little Mermaid came out when? 89?  89.
 Yeah.
  And All Star Music was 94.
  Which means they probably would have started planning it around 89, 90.
  Maybe they already had the plans in and they didn't know  how popular Little Mermaid was going to be.
  Oh, maybe.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Maybe.
 Which seems weird because Little Mermaid was supposed to be like  the movie that kicked off the new era of like Disney movies.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I don't think, look, I don't know how much it costs to make a big thing,  you know, because it feels like you could change.
 Six billion dollars.
  Well, if it's six billion, then I believe that seems high.
  But it's a little high.
  This is why they didn't change it.
  But you can make a big sabbatical.
  It couldn't be as big.
 Maybe it's smaller, but there's a crab.
  There's weird calculations all around because the in movies,  that's almost maybe the weirdest list is like, well, OK, that's a natural.
  We're going to theme the different wings off of Disney movies.
  And there's infinite of those to choose from.
  So, of course, you got to go with Fantasia.
  Yeah, of course.
 Story.
 Yeah.
  101 Dalmatians.
 OK, OK.
  We're getting the love bug.
  Whoa.
 The love.
 Yeah.
  Love bug come from.
 Yeah.
  It's a little random.
  It's very random.
  That's very strange.
  The streamlining of the movies resort.
  And then you get into the Mighty Ducks.
  Yeah.
 Which is my favorite.
  I mean, that's great.
  I love that there's a big Mighty Ducks themed thing.
  But then you go to the pool.
  That's one of the pools there.
 Yeah.
  And you're getting it's basically it's like it's goofy playing hockey  and it's a big duck mask.
  But this is the movie resort.
  Shouldn't we be seeing Gordon Bombay and Goldberg and Keenan?  With the.
 So we should see Keenan.
  None of it should definitely have Keenan.
  If they installed that now,  I weirdly a little boy Keenan perfectly like here.
  Like Daniel Radcliffe still at Harry Potter land and he's little boy version of him.
  Yeah.
 If it's just little boy Keenan.
  I would love I would go back immediately.
  Yeah, I would go back immediately.
  There's a lot of push and pull.
  They're still currying your favor with all these different.
  These things are changing, but you get Keenan in there.
  I am there.
 I am 100 percent there.
  Oddly.
 Yes, it's a little odd, but like still big ass things.
  It is.
 Well, I love the big duck shaped hockey.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's just that's from the team, which we did an episode about,  which I love talking about the team.
  They haven't owned the team in a very long time.
  So there's an area.
 Wait, Wild Wing.
  Wild Wing is the name of the.
  Yes.
 If the with the the goalie mask shaped in a duck way.
  Yeah, I do want to.
  I've never been over here, by the way.
  Have you been over here despite not seeing you?  Have you ever been to the All-Star?  I can't remember.
  I just maybe just passing them.
  But I don't think I ever.
  I don't think it is really hard to because  even if you have passed them, it's hard to see them because they once you enter  into the area where the All-Star resorts are because they're not.
  You can see pop century from like just driving on the street.
  I think you can also see art or animation.
  But like the All-Star resorts, you it's almost through another gate.
  You have to go through another gate.
  It's the off-seal county to the.
  Yeah.
 To get to the All-Star Resort.
  The All-Star Annex.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You got to go through the All-Star Annex to get there.
  So they're not like super visible from just driving  on the Disney freeways or whatever or Disney streets.
  Kind of hidden.
  And they're kind of they're kind of hidden.
  Yeah.
 Although I will say, speaking of big things, one of the things  I love about them, too, is that they have their names just in big  ass letters right in front of the hotel.
  They're huge letters.
 All-Star sports.
  It's really gaudy.
  Yeah.
 It's a gaudy hotel.
  Just yeah.
  Would just like let's just make everything as big as it can fucking be.
  Which I appreciate.
  I appreciate making everything as big as it can be instead of.
  Let's make this luxury.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's like, yeah, to a kid, it's like, that's cool.
  Yeah.
 Also a big buzz.
  If yeah, if I took my son over, like if he if we if our hotel had a giant  buzz late year, he'd flip out.
  Yeah.
 Even like the cult, like the colors, like the big green.
  It's just so in your face.
  All-Star sports.
 Limey.
  Like a lime green adult would be like, you know what it reminds me of?  Seeing that picture.
 Yeah.
  It reminds me of and we're all relatively in the same age range.
  It reminds me of as a kid wanting to go to Nickelodeon Studios.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Like and how sad it is to see that building now as an adult,  because it still has the shape, but now it's all white.
  But then I think the Blue Man Group went in there.
  But it but like nothing is nothing now.
  It's just nothing now.
  But like that was when we were kids and we all wanted to go to Nickelodeon  Studios, right? Yeah.
  And so as an adult, go into a place that kind of like has that vibe to it.
  Yeah.
 Like, oh, this is this is dope.
  This is fucking dope.
 Yeah.
  And you don't see such big splashy techie colors.
  No, you don't.
 Anywhere, really?  Other than are like the resort, the signs from the 90s  that are still up in Disney World.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Exit signs that look like the purple painted.
  Yeah.
 Blizzard Beach.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You're hitting the face with that like 90s color aesthetic.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 Now, I was a little this is pop century, not all century.
  Yeah.
 But I'll edit it out because it's not considered.
  I mean, it will be it will be its own odyssey.
  But I'll edit it out.
 I'll edit it out.
  I joke.
 But I music right here.
  But that would be a fun episode.
  The the odyssey to get pop century, both  both properties open is like a 20 year ordeal.
  Really? Art of Animation.
  Oh, really? Century.
  Really? Yeah, it is.
  Art of Animation did take a while.
  I do remember that taking a while.
  2012.
 Yeah.
 They started it at the same time.
  And really? Yeah, they started at the same time.
  Oh, what happened? They just 9-11.
  Oh, all right.
  Wow.
 You walked right into it.
  You walked right into it.
  Please let him ask me.
 Please, Scott, ask me.
  So let me say my numbers.
  Yeah.
 But then 2000.
  So that delayed pop century.
  The classic years.
  What is we know is pop century now.
  That was delayed to twenty two thousand three.
  The other one did not get open until 2012.
  OK.
 Wait a minute.
 Pop century open in 03.
  Yes.
 Oh, shit.
  I thought it opened in like oh, I was wrong.
  I thought it was like opening when I went to it.
  But it was it was new.
  Yeah.
 Oh, they broke ground in 03.
  And no, no.
  In 2001, it was almost done.
  They were ready and they're really the and then tourism drop was so steep.
  They're like, all right, close these projects.
  So they sat abandoned for a long time.
  And then they got the one open.
  And then the other one was abandoned for years.
  If you stayed at pop center, you would just look at the lapidated buildings  that weeds were growing through across the lake.
  Target on sunset.
 Oh, yeah.
  The husk, the big husk.
  Same thing.
 Yeah.
  But the premise is the original premise.
  The art of animation was supposed to be the legendary years.
  Nineteen hundred to 19 through 1940.
  So think about popular culture like exciting, thrilling, popular culture,  like the Monopoly game.
  Like Charles Lindbergh.
  So no, that's why I choked like, no, we should do it.
  I've said that the story is wild.
 It is.
  Yeah, I'm like looking at it now.
  It's pretty wild.
  Anyway, I mean, we'll get on the.
  You talking about 9-11 will become not a five timer, but a 911.
  It did.
 It directly applied.
  It is not a circuitic thing.
  It directly affected.
  Bob Newhart thing applied to.
  Yeah, it is.
  There's a reason we tell these tales.
  They're very important.
  You learn from them.
  I was going to say, OK, I know pop century is a different thing  and we will make it its own thing.
  But the vibe is similar.
  It's you arrive at a big hall, as Jason said, it's a bit and like,  and it is pretty gaudy.
  The colors are like I have to admit that when I showed up,  I did not know the vibe of pop century.
  When I got there in 2019, got there, a big old line and a line with loud music  and where with like giant yo-yos or whatever.
  And I was I was kind of thinking, what have I done?  Like I have to be here for six days.
  And it ended up being fine.
  I actually liked the rooms and I like the kind of economical nature of them.
  And they were just redone recently.
  But I I got there and thought, oh, my God, I booked a room in a cruise ship.
  I'm in a cruise ship accident and I didn't know what I was doing.
  And I'm going to be nauseous every day coming home.
  And I wasn't fully true.
  But there were times here.
  What do you think of this? If I throw this out, am I am I crazy?  Am I am I as a realist?  No, no, no.
 If I say that I I like  I did want to escape the vibe a little.
  I'm like, I don't I we've done so much Disney today.
  Do I really want to come home and pass by a big lady in the tramp  and climb the stairs into a fifties diner, a record player?  And like I was I was a little bit like this is the one I maybe would relax  a little more if I wasn't as very fair with these colors.
  And then am I but now I know Mike's Mike's glaring at me big time.
  But no, I can't agree with that.
  I mean, I was in the 80s, 90s corridor.
  So I got to walk to my room and see a giant laptop, a giant old  giant old laptop.
  Four stories high.
  And I was like, I never want to leave.
  You're kind of the wrong guy.
  Built the 2000s wing, which will have the towers exploit.
  You get to live in the towers.
  So can I did you do you had when you went to pop century?  Do you have did you have a kid? No, no.
 OK, no.
  I think you are now I'm doing the math.
  He would love any of these.
 Yeah, I get that.
  I get that.
 You're like, all right, the hotel is my my time to kind of  like I want a little Disney, but I also just want to like  kind of decompress before I go back to it the next day.
 Right.
  I get that.
 I get that.
  I again, like this is all like I said, how you travel.
  I don't think it's joyless or anything.
  I also wondered like what I would have thought if the first hotel  I would have went to would have been like, you know, the Polynesian or like,  you know, like with my whole.
  But as like, you know, coming into it and just ready for Disney.
  So it was Disney, everything.
  I was like, yes.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  Something different.
  I'm also a cruise head, so I love cruises.
  I'm going on the Disney cruise in two weeks.
  So for the first time on a Disney cruise, I know for the first time ever.
  I've never been on a cruise.
  Oh, I'm so curious.
 We haven't talked about them a ton.
  Which one are you?  Just the one leaving from San Diego.
  Wonder, I think it is.
  I think Disney wondered, wondered or smaller boats, but should be fun.
  I'm excited for it.
  Yeah.
 Do you know what the what's the unique stuff about wonder?  I don't know.
  And probably nothing like I they, you know, like they have a big ass theater.
  So they're going to do a lot of Disney shit, I'm sure.
 Yeah.
  Like live shows.
  They they have a lot of live shows on there.
  And just Disney themed.
  I don't know.
 I've been on many cruises, so I'm interested to see  how this is going to be different.
  What do you go on like different types of cruise?  Like we have I don't have any of us been on a cruise.
  I went on a my family went on a Norwegian cruise line cruise to Bermuda,  New York to Bermuda when I was like in sixth grade.
  OK, but we're not like cruise guys.
  Is there like how many cruises have you been on?  I have been on  give me a second.
 One, two,  three, four, five, six, seven, seven.
  And by the end of this year, I'll be on nine  because I'm going to Disney Cruise and then I'm doing a Virgin cruise  later in December.
  Oh, you're fully.
  The Virgin one is free.
  I got them free or else I wouldn't be going.
  But I got like a four thousand dollar room for free.
  So I'm definitely fucking going.
  Is there is so have you gone on a variety like is there  the ones are more adult vibe? Yeah.
  Yeah, I've been on.
  I mean, the nicest boats I've ever been on were Royal Caribbean.
 Yeah.
  And I've been on like they're like latest boats, which is, you know,  they have fucking roller coasters as going  or like water slides that take you around the whole park and just like land.
  They have lands.
 It feels like lands, you know, like it's crazy.
  And then I've also been like with homies on Carnival Cruises,  which is just party.
  Yeah, like as partying and shit.
  So those are the two cruises I've been on Royal Caribbean and Carnival.
  And I'm sure Disney is going to be a lot of kids.
  I'm I'm truly just going to say I've been  to say I've been I feel like I've been on so many cruises  and so many people know I love like the Disney parks.
  Those are like the two  quote weird things that I like to people.
  So it makes no sense that I've never done the two things together.
  So I'm going just to like go.
  You know, you're probably dig it.
  I'm going to I'm going to have a fucking blast.
  I hope I hope so.
  How much it is because that's the crazy that Carnival Cruises,  a three day Carnival cruise I can take for like four hundred dollars.
  How really? Oh my God.
 Yeah.
  Well, this is this Disney cruise was not four hundred dollars.
  So I started guessing, but that doesn't seem right.
  Yeah, it's it's it's a little it's expensive.
  But you know, I'm going to have a good time.
  You'll have to come back and talk about it.
  Oh, I definitely will.
  We'll see.
 Yeah, we'll see.
  We'll see if I have positive things to say about it, which I'm sure I will.
  The cruise that we're closest to going on is the Star Trek cruise,  the yearly Star Trek cruise.
  You got to go like a big party.
  Yeah, I think theme cruises are I've never been on one,  but I think they will be very fun because you just like summer camp.
  You're just around a bunch of people who like what you like.
  Yeah.
 And you're like isolated.
  So you're forced to hang out with each other,  which once it's kind of like going to Disney World.
  Once you're in the bubble, you're in the fucking bubble.
  Yeah, you just kind of you just vibe with it.
  At that point, Disney has that new cruise.
  The Disney Wish was just unveiled a few months ago,  and they sent a lot of like reporters and vloggers.
  And my girlfriend and I were watching all these videos and we're like,  I think we want to go on this cruise ship.
  I'm like, yeah, I consider that.
  And it's like, yeah, I think some of the Germany stuff  for the last few years is fading away because we're like, I know.
  On that cruise ship, the first cruise I went on at post,  well, you know, post lockdown, depending first, first, first,  Germany stuff.
  I like pandemic is called Germany.
  Yeah, the Germany side.
  It's a nicer way to think of that.
  Yeah, the German stuff.
  Yeah.
 But for me, I'm like, you know, I get once I got past it after a day,  I'm like, this is almost the same as being in like an all inclusive resort  where everybody's around and touching the same shit.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Stuff.
 So, you know, at least if I want to, I can spend all my time outside  on the cruise.
 Oh, yeah.
  If you want to.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  If you want to.
 Yeah.
  But I don't care because COVID ain't real.
  Y'all, y'all heard it right here on podcast.
  The ride COVID not written.
  I'm not editing that out.
  I'm editing Scott's pop century thing out, but I'm not editing that.
  Do you even see the big poster board that says the truth on it?  The truth.
  I've been I've been sitting here with above my head the whole like.
  I don't know what it meant, but now I do.
  What else have we not said about the names of the bar and the food courts?  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  OK, so what do we think of these names?  Because I'm a little bit let down by like a couple of the food courts  on the website just use the same photo stock photo of a hamburger.
  Yeah, not a good sign.
  They're not really like showcasing, but like it sports its end zone food court.
  Yeah.
 The grandstand Spirits Pool Bar.
  Yeah.
 At movies, it's world premiere food court  and the silver screen spirits pool bar.
  And then at the music, sorry, intermission food court,  which I think is the worst name, maybe that's terrible.
  Because movies don't have intermission, Joe.
 Right.
  The rare one every five years.
  Maybe a Tarantino, maybe singing and the singing spirits pool bar.
  I don't know.
 Intermission.
  Oh, I got confused.
  I'm so sorry.
 Yes.
 Intermission is music.
  So it makes sense for the show tunes wing only for the Broadway.
  For the sometimes concerts.
  Unless it's like an old James Taylor might have an intermission at the Hollywood Bowl.
  Yeah, but we always do intermission.
  We suppose if you're old enough, you do an intermission.
  If you need to go and take your inhaler in the back.
  It's open one of these squares singing spirit.
  OK, so they're all spirits.
  Yeah, that's what a drink you can call a drink.
  We always call them spirits.
  How about the spirits?  John Taffer might call them spirits, but  he's in the business.
  Yeah, he's in the spirit business.
  That's a bullshit name.
  Shut it down.
  It's a little I mean, I think the thing about the All-Stars  is that after Disney World had been open for 20 plus years and stuff, they  I do give them credit for knowing like, OK, this is what  how people vacation in this place, like the All-Star, like  that's everything a family blitzing through the parks.
  There's a food court.
  There's a coffee bar.
 There is a bar.
  I don't know the law, the smarts about like all the bars are pool bars  and they're mostly outside and it rains every day in Orlando.
  You know? Yeah.
  But so you're saying that that it's appropriate, the level of thought  put into the theming for the average goer of the All-Star resorts.
  I think, yeah, if you're kind of running in  running through all these things with 80 degree or 80 percent humidity,  six hours of sleep at night, you might not notice that it's like,  what the intermission?  Yeah, you might not know that you're in the intermission.
 What?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Eating a meal at intermission.
  And they do have they do have like the pool bars.
  You can't sit under them and they have like go on and sit if it's raining.
  They're like, yeah, but they're not like bars.
  Like, you know, like you're not going down to the lobby bar.
  If you just want to try to play was the indoor real estate was allocated  for some of the biggest arcades you've ever seen.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 That's right.
  Yeah.
 I love the arcades.
 Yeah.
  I rest in peace.
 Disney Quest 2.
  I missed it.
 Oh, wow.
  Disney Quest.
 Oh, I did like Disney Quest.
  It was just cheesy enough for me.
  And honestly, you didn't grow up with it.
  You did it for the first time at 21.
  No, I did.
 I grew up with it.
  It was a Chicago first.
 Oh, right.
  It was a Chicago first.
  So when I went to Disney World because it closed in Chicago.
  So when I went to Disney World, I was like, oh, shit, Disney Quest.
  I got to go back to it as an adult.
 Oh, wow.
  Nothing had changed.
  Yeah.
 Nothing.
 Nothing had changed at all.
  Oh, I'm so jealous.
 Nothing had changed at all.
  You were in a Disney Quest city.
  Did you do a lot?  We went we went when I was getting that Disney Quest became ESPN zone.
  OK.
 And Chicago.
  That's a good change.
  Which was fun.
  It's where me and my ex went on our first date.
  That's funny.
 First date.
 Yeah.
  And and now both of them are in that NBA store now.
  But when I went to Disney World, they had both the Disney Quest  and ESPN, which was very fun.
  That's why it's perfect.
  That's why I was perfect.
 Best place.
  But yeah, now, Disney, I did.
  I did enjoy Disney Quest because it was just like a throwback to.
  Yeah.
 Like more fun.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese when I was a kid.
 Yeah.
  So your first Disney Park was Disney Quest.
  I guess so.
 Yeah.
  Didn't even.
 Yeah.
 Disney Quest in Chicago, downtown Chicago.
  Man, this interesting perspective.
  Miss it.
  Disney Quest was not long ago.
  Like it was still in Orlando.
  Not too long ago.
 Yeah.
  Oddly, like 2017, 2017.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I walked by in 2017.
  Still going strong.
  Yeah.
 They shut it down relatively like recent ago.
  Yeah.
 And again, nothing changed.
  Nothing changed.
  Nothing changed.
  They put in the NBA experience.
  So bad.
  The going the theme entertainment going public was not interested.
  No, because it was expensive and there wasn't a lot to do.
  And I loved the NBA.
  And even I was like, what the fuck?  What is this?  What is this?  The NBA experience, I would think it would be going to a game.
  Probably, you know, I can.
  NBA experience, you know, which Disney World did have for a little bit.
  The bubble was there.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
  Speaking of bubbles, yes.
  All of the whole season during the germy time.
  The was at the Disney World Resort.
  It was in Osceola County.
  Yeah.
 All the time over the county line.
  During the bubble, there was all the talk of like people sneaking out.
  So I wondered, did anyone like, oh, like I got to get out of here  and go to All-Star Music and take a look at the big things, you know,  the easiest jailbreak to make.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Did anyone stay there?  Did they make I don't think you could like fit a lot of players in  those other kind of small rooms.
  No, I mean, their families were there.
  Oh, yeah.
  And the bubble like stay in the bubble.
  But we have some of their families were there.
  Everyone was spread out among the hotels.
  I believe distribution was based on team rankings.
  It was like like the more and further you went,  the more family members you could get to come and stay.
  So they made that an incentive.
  Yeah.
 It's a little like psychotic.
  Play Dribble Good.
  You better Dribble Good.
  If you want to see your kid.
  We will allow one more child to come based on your dribbling.
  Wow.
 Is there a there has to be a list somewhere  just of which teams stayed in what hotels?  There is.
 Yeah, I'm sure there is.
  Yeah, I'm sure.
  I look at that because that's fascinating to me.
  Yeah, I didn't know that's how it was.
  So did people have to be in the All-Stars?  You would literally stay in the literal All-Stars were in all the All-Star  Resort or they have been in the sports resort.
  All in the sports resort.
  Maybe that's where they put the family.
  Yeah, that's where they put the fan.
  You guys stay in the value resorts.
 Right.
  Because I think Disney World was closed at that point.
  Yeah.
 I'm not mistaken.
  Or right.
 It opened in July.
  It was a little bit of crossover, I think.
  Yeah.
  July's when there were vloggers, there were people going like,  I'm staying at the Grand Floridian.
  I cannot go in these buildings because NBA players are staying here.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 Right.
  That's wild.
 What a time.
  Yeah, things.
 Boy, things get messed up.
  It's a really weird way.
  Oh, we didn't mention that about the sports one.
  A lot of visiting  like middle school, high school sports teams will stay there.
  If there's competition like cheerleading competitions or or Pop Warner football,  people will stay usually at the All-Stars.
  You didn't say the All-Star.
  You went on a band trip once to where we stayed off.
  We stayed off site.
  OK, because it was the cheapest because it seems like very easy.
  Like, well, you want your band to come and play.
  Why not stay at the All-Star music?  You come on in.
 You all like music.
  It's not that much more than the holiday in or the mayor or Japan for outside.
  I mean, I think it was smart.
  Like if you're going to pay for a Hilton,  which, you know, if you unless you get points,  you might as well spend less money and just stay on property  and get all the perks of the difference.
  They don't know the difference.
  They don't know the difference at all.
  Like kids all traveling together at these res.
  I could see it.
 I'm coming.
  I think my icy heart is melting.
  Once you got past the hall, I was surprised that like,  oh, yeah, it's all pretty chill.
  I mean, the pool's a little noisy, but like, yeah, the vibe is pretty good.
  I never really felt I never really felt every time I stayed.
  And again, like first time I went, I was 21.
 I'm 36 now.
  Last time I was there was 18.
  So how long was I was early 30s then?  You know, I do not like kids a lot more than I did then.
  And like, you know, in a cute way to not like his.
  But like, I, I, I do wonder, like if  I never felt like it was like frantic over  like, or it was like too much like I'd never felt.
  Yeah, it felt like even like staying in a pool.
  Like that, that would be the same in any of the resorts.
  Like, you know, all the kids and some of those, yeah, some of the,  the like fancier hotels, quote unquote, have pretty chaotic, chaotic,  chaotic pools.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  And so I'm not really, which is where I would spend most of my time  if I was at the hotel, like in the pool area or, you know,  maybe I would grab some food, maybe go to the arcade, but you're mostly outdoors,  which never felt too wild.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I wonder how that would feel now.
 Like, you know, in my mid to late thirties,  if I would be like, huh, one more kiss splash me with water.
  But like, I'd probably be fine.
  You probably wouldn't get thrown into a rage.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I probably wouldn't get it.
 I probably wouldn't go into a fit.
  Maybe I think all the rooms at this point have been redone to something  similar to like what we say to in a pop center.
  I think everywhere is kind of art of animation.
  I think has a lot more character decorations and stuff.
  But like, again, the way people like to go on these trips, it's like, OK,  well, the second bed is a Murphy bed that when you put it up, it's the it's a table.
  When you put it down, the table folds down and there's a lot of storage space  under the beds.
 If you have a lot of luggage.
 Is this the one you were saying that?  At Pop Century.
 OK.
  I think all the all stars have been like turned into these kinds of things.
  Oh, really? Because last time I was there, they was just, hey, they're a bit.
  You can get you could get a queen size bed, maybe a king or double.
 Yeah.
  Which I don't know if they I don't know if they still do this.
  But if I can give everybody a little secret.
  If you ever go to any other hotels, I always request two double beds.
  Move that little table in between and put those two beds together  and get the fucking biggest bed you can ever sleep in.
  Like in your life and like you put them both.
  And then when they come and clean them up, they don't separate them.
  They let they keep them how you have them and just put them together.
  And you literally are just rolling around like it feels like you're sleeping  on an island and it is gorgeous.
  Yeah.
 And the only reason I discovered that is because Disney accidentally  put us in a double room one time and instead of one bed.
  So we were like, well, you know, this bed is a little too small  for both of us to sleep in.
  So we just put them both together and we were like, this is great.
  This is fantastic.
  Beyond King.
 It's an emperor.
  There's an emperor.
  California King is only just longer.
  Oh, it's the same way.
  OK, it's the same way.
  Emperor King is.
  So yeah, put it to put in two doubles together or two queens together  is the biggest bed you can sleep in.
  It's amazing where for a home to two beds.
  But in terms of like people like, I don't really need an ironing board  if I'm staying at a Disney All-Star, but I do need a lot of a bunch of USB ports.
  Every device of those, there were a lot of them need that phone has to be charged.
  It has to be charged.
 There's no way around that.
 Yeah.
  I've one more little thought exercise before we wrap it up.
  These are big themes that they dealt with with big obvious, you know, it's sports.
  You could do big helmets and it's movies.
  You have movie characters and music.
  So it's a big piano pool and all that.
  If they wanted to add one more, they want to keep all star.
  What these big primary topics, what would fit as All-Star for?  I was thinking about this, too, before we got here.
  And this isn't the right answer.
  And this is not my answer.
  But I just got cryptocurrency was the first thing I thought.
  Not the All-Star Crypto.
  Yeah, because Crypto.
com is a lot of another exchange went belly up.
  Yeah.
 The Miami removed the FTX branding on the arena.
  Oh, yeah, they did.
  Yeah.
 So there's a lot of crypto.
com is coming up soon.
  Yeah.
 Oh, is it going to disappear?  Really? No, no, no.
  We don't know yet.
 We don't know.
  Anything's possible.
 I mean, West, by the way, I think.
  Oh, I'm OK.
 Yes.
  Sorry.
 I didn't know any of this FTX arena is where Miami play.
  Yeah.
 And that they're taking FTX off of it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think this arena might have been designed by the same architects  as the All-Star.
 Oh, really?  I think maybe.
  But it's the firm.
  The firm is insane when you see it on the Wikipedia for the it's built by  architect Donica.
  Love it.
 Name is like yelling architect.
  I might maybe I'm putting too many letters in there, but I they've built  a ton of like recent high rise stuff in Miami.
  And I saw an arena in there.
  So I think maybe this is the same people who built the stars.
  That's a crazy idea.
  If I'm wrong, then I mean, you know, South Florida,  Southern Florida.
 I get it.
  You don't hear this a lot of cuts in this one.
  But anyway, OK, let's  yeah.
 Well, OK, how does that work?  Because, you know, I only vaguely know I know there's like a theory  and there's Bitcoin itself.
  Yeah.
 All the halls different now defunct increasingly currency.
  I think you would.
 Yeah, it would have to all be different cryptocurrency.
  You know, Doge as the dog.
  We've seen that graphic.
  So there's a Doge wing.
 There's an Ethereum.
  I don't wait.
 We've all seen that graphic.
  What do you mean?  Dogecoin is sort of a meme.
  Do we know what I'm talking about?  Anyone? I know Dogecoin, but I didn't know it was based on like a image.
  It's kind of a meme.
  There's like a kind of a funny looking dog's face that's often associated with it.
  And it's like, you know, it's like kind of started as a joke.
  But then like if you invested in the right time, you could be a millionaire.
  Or lost all your money.
  It depends what time you took the money out.
  But I'm right.
 You don't have to cut it.
  Same same architect.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  Great.
 Nice.
  Michael, the interesting thing, the FTX story just keeps getting more and more interesting.
  I believe a chunk of the management team was all in a big polycule together.
  Yes.
 That's a whole million in their pockets.
  There were like nine people living in a big house that were running the whole thing.
  They were all in their 20s, I think.
  Yes.
 And they were all in one big relationship.
  They had a guy on staff.
  They had a guy on retainer who would fly in to resolve conflicts among this sexual polycule.
  And these are the people who build FTX.
  Yeah.
 And this is all star.
  And this makes me love it.
  Not the architects.
  We don't know who they have sex with.
  But it's the coin people.
  The coin people.
  Yeah, we're all in one big thing.
  One big relationship.
 Yeah.
  So and then basically what happened was since all this stuff is unregulated,  they were taking all the money, all people's money that they had invested  and then using it to invest in other stuff, which then if you start running out of money,  gets you in a lot of trouble.
  And the whole thing went belly up and people lost a lot of money  because they had their money in there.
  But their money was being used to make other money until it wasn't, until they ran out of money.
  Interesting.
  It's very similar to Bernie Madoff.
  When people would give him money, he would put it in a checking account.
  He would put it in a business checking account.
  And when they would ask for a payout, he would make a withdrawal from that checking account.
  It's what happens at regular banks, but there's just more regulation on it.
  Basically, your money in a bank is being used to make the bank more money.
  Yeah.
 But it's not being used as recklessly, I say, not really knowing.
  That's true.
  They've been at it for longer.
  They just know how to do it.
  It's FDIC in short.
  It's guaranteed by the government.
  So there's more, some quote unquote protection there.
  Are NFTs in the family enough that we can.
.
.
  Yes.
  Well, they're in the family.
  Absolutely, Bored Ape is one of the wings.
  Yeah.
  I don't know who else, because what other IP do you have?  Yeah.
  Everyone, I don't know.
  We know Johnny Depp has those NFTs about his son's, the character that his son created  in a dream.
  Which are what?  Is it a cat?  No, it's a bunny.
  It's a bunny man.
  Is it worth like $10 now?  It's a good point.
  It might actually be skyrocketing as far as.
.
.
  He's on tour with Jeff Beck and everyone needs these NFTs that were made by Johnny Depp.
  I don't know.
  The Paris Hilton one, I think, that they gave out to all the tonight.
.
.
  She's like on the tonight show.
  I'm giving everyone an NFT.
  That I believe it's worth like three to $10.
  Love it.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Love it.
  Yeah, that is true.
  Yeah, that is a cheeseburger.
  That's a free cheeseburger.
  What do you call then, can you name like the food court or the pool?  I'm sorry, this is all on you because you're a crypto.
  Blockchain spirits bars.
  Blockchain spirits, yeah.
  I like that.
  Okay.
  That's the bar.
  Yeah.
  And then the cafeteria.
  What's this food court?  That's a good question.
  The.
.
.
  Bitcoin?  Bike coin.
  Bike.
  Oh, bike.
  Bike.
  Bike coin.
  Here's the problem.
  Here's the problem.
  Coin bites.
  I don't want to be insulting, but that's a little too clever for the precedent set by  the other All-Stars.
  That's true.
  That's true.
  In a better place, you're right.
  That's a perfect name.
  So is it called like the trading.
.
.
  Oh, wait, the trading post.
  Ben, it's like a.
.
.
  It's a pun because you trade the coins, but also you eat food.
  That's fun.
  It's just like transaction cafe.
  Transaction cafe.
  I think you got it.
  I think that's more of a phone for the thought exercise.
  That feels the best.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  I would eat there.
  Transaction cafe.
  Listen, you can't mess up a Mickey Waffle.
  No matter how dumb the name is.
  No matter how dumb the name is, Mickey Waffle stays the same.
  That's a beautiful sentiment.
  And I guess on that note.
.
.
  On that note.
.
.
  You finally survived.
  Yes.
  Oh my gosh.
  Yes.
  So great talking to you.
  This was great.
  Oh, I love all-star.
  I love talking.
  I've never got to express my love for the all-star resorts.
  You made me love them, I think.
  Listen, I think it's cool.
  I think if you're going to save some money, but without sacrificing, like enjoying the  area you're in, and then also when I compare the prices, like the cheapest hotel at Disneyland  is Paradise Pier.
  I can just, I can fucking stay at Red Roof Inn.
  Like down the street.
  Like, instead of paying $300 a night.
  But the cheapest hotel at Disney World, I ain't getting that nowhere else, so I mess  with it.
  Jaquice, I have an update for you.
  Oh, please.
  But a thing we talked about on your last appearance.
  Oh, yes.
  Because the DuckTales World Showcase Adventure came up.
  Well, as of the end of September of this year.
.
.
  .
.
.
Cartico Rodriguez, the vice president of Epcot, in a Disney Parks blog post.
.
.
  New guy, Cartico Rodriguez.
  She said, coming later this year, the DuckTales World Showcase Adventure is going to happen.
  It still hasn't happened yet.
  We are running out of.
.
.
  A year ago.
  Even saying in September of this year, even saying later this year, you're running out  of time.
  So, but maybe people were speculating, well, maybe for the busy Christmas season.
  I mean, listen, if that's the case, please, somebody let me know.
  If you go to Disney World during Christmas, or anytime between now and New Year's Day,  and it's there, let me know.
  Because I still don't know.
  I recorded this in May of 2020.
  I recorded Donald Duck for this.
  As a reminder, this was because there's a thing in the DuckTales where Donald Duck is  voiced by Don Cheadle.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  You were the Don Cheadle-ified.
  I was the Don Cheadle Donald Duck.
  So he swallows like a voice modulator, and then somebody asked me, like, do the voice.
  I was like, bro, that was almost three years ago.
  I don't remember it.
  But he swallows a thing and then becomes like Smart Don, or just no suave and, you know,  good talking Donald.
  Okay.
  This is a scavenger hunt that you go around the countries in World Showcase and you use  the Play Disney Parks app.
  I cannot attest to how much of Go.
com is the backbone of that app.
  It'll never work.
  I will tell you, that app takes up a lot of room on your phone and it makes your phone  very hot.
  So, if it's a cold day, warm up by downloading the Play Disney Parks app and going to World  Showcase to do the DuckTales World Showcase adventure and hear J'Kees's voice.
  Please, please do.
  I mean, I am upset that I haven't been given free tickets to go see this.
  I should talk to my agent or my manager and be like, hey man, I have a voice at Disney.
  They can run me a ticket.
  I don't even have to stay at a hotel.
  Just run me a ticket.
  Yeah.
  Although, if you can get them to also cough up a little All-Star room.
  I mean, listen, I'll take a week back at All-Star Music.
  I'll take that.
  Sure.
  Give me a nice pizza.
  I'll be second on the bus.
  Second on the bus?  Yes.
  So, hopefully a lot of people have gotten off at sports, gotten off at music.
  I can sit down for a couple seconds.
  And you can sit down.
  Yeah.
  I can sit down.
  Full exit through the gift shop.
  Anything else besides the, you can't even, maybe if you can be heard in Disney World  and we don't know and we don't, do that if you can.
  But anything else you'd like to plug?  Anything, oh yeah.
  I mean, listen, watch Physical on Apple TV.
  I'll be, like you said, in an upcoming season of How I Met Your Father, which is a who,  which is a Disney show.
  Disney made me take an hour of COVID class before I can go to set.
  It was great.
  I didn't know this policy.
  It was fantastic.
  And they recently dropped the vaccine.
  And they just dropped it.
  Yeah.
  I've missed it by a couple months.
  Does anybody, is anybody fun in the video?  Do they have characters?  Garsh, be careful.
  No.
  That's it.
  Yeah.
  It was interesting.
  Like it was just lady talking.
  And then also if anybody, you know, if you're in LA, come check out Comedian Feud, which  is, I host a live version of Family Feud with comedians and TV people and all the fun shit  at Elysian Theater every month.
  So come check that out.
  Oh, great.
  I think I'm a fan of Elysian Theater.
  Oh yeah.
  Awesome.
  Yeah.
  I just also just thought, you know, it'd be like perfect thing to do.
  They don't have to do it anymore, but to illustrate the six feet, you get Pinocchio  lion and you lie to a perfect six feet nose distance to serve as a living ruler.
  Right.
  Disney COVID video.
  That's a perfect thing.
  You get him to sit, you illustrate, you get him to say COVID isn't real.
  Although that could be a pretty dope pool design.
  Pinocchio at the top and his big ass nose is the pool.
  Big narrow, yeah.
  Big narrow.
  Like Olympic labs.
  It turns into the bird's nest.
  Oh, that's cool.
  That's when it gets long enough.
  So that's the jacuzzi maybe.
  All the way in the end.
  Fantastic.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Great ideas left and right.
  For our stuff, you can find us on the socials at Podcast The Ride on the currently technically  existing socials, but we'll see where things go.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  We'll see you on the socials.
  Currently technically existing socials, but we'll see where things go.
  We'll see what happens.
  Merch is available on our T-Public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out Podcast The Ride, the second gate, or get one more bonus episode on our new tier  Club Three.
  You'll find all that at patreon.
com slash Podcast The Ride.
  And Mike, I know you got all those edits to do, but if you wanted to just toss some, like  some fun Calypso music in as an exit, just a suggestion, but you don't have to.
  I'll put yeah, Margaritaville.
  I'll put fruitcakes, any of the Jimmy Buffett songs in the end.
  Sebastian the crab.
  Does Jimmy Buffett ever sing with Sebastian the crab on any sort of Disney album?  I don't think so.
  You can put it together.
  Yeah, I, it seems hard.
  Look, take your collection of Jimmy Buffett stems and lay Sebastian the crab over top  of it.
  All right, fine.
  I'll do that.
  Okay.
  And it's playing now.
  And if it doesn't play right now, I got very busy.
  So I apologize.
  If it's not about to play and you don't hear anything, you just hear the forever dog sting.
  I'm so sorry.
  Oh no.
  If you put in Tropicallia music instead of Calypso.
  Oh, big fuck up.
  If you do that, don't include my voice in this episode.
  All right.
  Now that's some editing.
  That's some editing.
  No.
  No.
  You got a choice.
  Which one is harder to edit?  Be careful.
  Well, lately.
  Pay attention for what's about to happen.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe  Cilio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at  foreverdogteam and liking our page on Facebook.
