 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain fursonas, pig guys, nightmarish cues with no  ride at the end, and gigantic ups and downs for me, Scott.
  It's the PTR Post Office, plus a special little Scott story on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a theme park podcast that does not cook our books to make  our Patreon seem more successful than it is.
  I am Scott Gardner, I'm committing no illegal activity and I have not anytime recently,  and also being honest about our numbers is Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I'm very honest about our numbers.
  A lot of people only like us because of the success we have, you know?  A lot of listeners are like-  That's our currency, yes.
  Yeah.
  I don't want to listen to the show, I don't give a shit if it's funny, I just want to  know that these guys are really doing it and they're very popular and successful.
  So no, it's all legit.
  We're not pumping up numbers.
  We're not, and the numbers need to be good to ensure that we will continue to be the  hosts of this podcast and don't get yanked all of a sudden because people want to keep  hearing Jason Sherrod and the third host.
  And look, I like the, you two, I love good numbers and metrics and charts.
  I am scratching my head if there was a recent news story that I should be aware of that  this is directly referencing.
  Well, look, it's a stretch.
  It's true, first of all, but it's a little bit parallel with what we found out was going  on with Mr.
 Chapek, that there was some hanky panky going on with putting in the, what do  you call it?  The budgets.
  That shows would air, yeah, that technically, all right, the new Doogie Howser is going  to get called a Disney Channel show and not a Disney Plus show so that the numbers even,  it was just putting things in different buckets to just prop up Disney Plus as much as he  could, which seems like the kind of thing that everybody would immediately rat him on  as soon as he's out of the company.
  That's what happened.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I always heard that called monkey accounting.
  Like it's a fine Hollywood tradition is like allocating funds, you know, shifting money  around.
  Sure, sure.
 I had the phrase hanky panky ready to go.
  And that is not because of any early 2010s websites that I may have made content for.
  It has no that term.
  I don't know where it came from.
  I don't know.
 I've only worked for places that are on the up and up and including podcast  The Ride.
  So look, today we are opening up the PTR Post Office and that is a big chunk of a segment  that we recorded a little while ago altogether in person.
  But we're doing a little prelude right now back on Zoom.
  And that is because the the final good boy has fallen.
  We are completing the trilogy of All of Us Getting Covid.
  And if you weren't keeping track, that is me, Scott.
  I'm closing it out.
  I'm honored to be the rise of Skywalker of All of Us Getting Covid.
  The perfect ending that ties it all together connects all the loose ends.
  You're like, wow, it really all it all makes sense now.
  The story of them all getting Covid.
  Right.
 And I'm Force Awakens.
  And Jason is, of course, the most divisive host and also the last Jedi.
  Of course, it makes perfect sense that that's he's number eight or he's the second one.
  Jason is the last Jedi of hosts of podcast The Ride because it's a Rorschach.
  Jason is a Rorschach test for whatever your preexisting beliefs are.
  So, yeah, that makes a lot of sense to me.
  I am I do sometimes worry about being divisive.
  That's why I occasionally find myself giving things like a little credit or a little benefit of the doubt.
  All media, a lot of media, everything keeps getting worse and worse.
  So that's doing that less and less, you know.
  I find it shocking, honestly, how many people are still furiously angry at Jason  for things that he did five years ago in 2017.
  It's been a long time, but people still manage to be furiously angry at it.
  I think people should give Jason a break.
  I agree.
 But there's people that have also made Jason their whole personality.
  So that's the other side of it, too.
  So it can't reverse.
 You can't go all the way back.
  Yeah, it's both ways.
  Makes a lot of sense.
 Yeah.
  Well, I think these all these all line up pretty well, I think.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Look, and point is, you know, I even if the covid was not good,  I only found out this morning and if the covid was really bad,  I wouldn't even be doing this, this joking and gesturing even in a Zoom format.
  You guys see me, I'm not lying down.
  I didn't rig up a microphone upside down.
  I'm sitting upright.
  It's really minor and it's just a inconvenience more than anything.
  That's obviously good.
  It's going fine besides the  the irritants of having to tell people that I have.
  I didn't have to tell the listeners, just so you know, it's some some to talk about.
  Just give them an honesty.
  We were honest about what's going on with us and we're honest about our books.
  We're honest about everything.
 That's true.
  But I guess this current stuff, the cold weather spike is real.
  So get that boost, everyone, I suppose.
  Be careful out there.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's a real thing.
  But there is here just to kind of flesh out this post office episode.
  I wanted to talk about something that is that is cooler,  a cooler thing that happened to me then getting covid  all the way on the flip side.
  And I've been looking for an opportunity to to bring it up.
  And I think this this is a good one.
  I think it'll cheer me up, given what's what's going on.
  And it kind of relates to last week's episode, which was  All-Star Resorts with Jekes Neil,  which was a lot of fun, fun topic.
  And he is great.
  And I really enjoyed that one.
  And it was fun to think about the All-Star Resorts for a little while.
  And among the things among the non 9-11 things that came up in that episode  were the it was it was really brief.
  I mentioned the the architects of of those resorts  and also of the soon to be not FTX arena in Miami.
  And these these architects, the cut, the firm is called  architect on a car.
  And I really like saying it.
  And I like saying it again right now.
  And when I noted that fact,  architect on a car who built that those resorts,  the source on Wikipedia for that was a book.
  And the book is called  it is called Building a Dream, the Art of Disney Architecture.
  That is like and it's by Beth Dunlop.
  And it's a book that came out that Disney put out in like  98, 99 or something.
  And when I learned that there was this book,  I got very excited because I love Disney architecture.
  I like any opportunity to read the names of these people  who built the especially the hotels in Eisner era  that I think are so stunning to this day.
  I like reading about Michael Graves and Robert  A.
M.
 Stern and Robert Venturi and Wing Chow.
  It makes me happy to think about these architects.
  It makes me happy to wander around the places that they built that are such like  it's especially like time travel to 80s Disney to, you know,  like that I fell in love with as a kid.
  So I'm like, I got to get this book.
  I'm going to get this book.
  And here now, this is my copy of Building a Dream by Beth Dunlop.
  And I like the book in general.
  The book is full of dramatic stories and really like Eisner  heavy stories, which is exactly what I wanted.
  There's the like as soon as I got it, as soon as I opened it up,  I go straight to the section about the the swan and the dolphin,  which are some of my favorite pieces.
  Down in Orlando.
  And it's it's it's a super dramatic section about like Eisner took over in 1984.
  And it's only his second day and he can't sleep.
  And it's not because of Disney's plummeting numbers or like we got to  need some bigger box office hits.
  He's upset because he saw a presentation about two hotels they were going to build  in Disney World and he thought they stink.
  He thought they were so boring and Disney like, you know, like this is an  empire, we need to be building like impressive.
  We need to be like the Romans, like build real feats.
  And he had seven sleepless nights.
  And then a week later, he said, it's off.
  We're killing those.
  We're going to get a bunch of the best architects in the world to come down and  we're going to build something impressive.
  And that became the swan and the dolphin.
  I'm getting a tear in my eyes.
  You tell me this tale.
  Isn't this this is the young go getter.
  We focus so much on the later years, on the ousted years.
  And, you know, this is our guy.
  This is why he's not just some guy saying hello to us before some specials and acting  very stiffly, he's the guy who's trying to change the skyline for the better.
  It's chronicled in the Disney war book, too.
  And it's very thrilling.
  Oh, that's in there, too.
  Yeah.
 Some of the the hiccups along the way,  getting this one and dolphin built.
  Oh, really? OK.
  This is like when Admiral Holdo uses the ship in Last Jedi.
  This is like a big dramatic moment where like the course of history has changed forever.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And so in the equivalent, the cinematic equivalent of Jason getting covid.
  Yes.
 All right.
  All right.
  I one of my favorite memories of twenty twenty two.
  It's funny, we all got it this year also.
  We're in the clear for the first two years of this motherfucker.
  And then all of us and like evenly spaced out, too.
  I realize, like because Mike was April,  Jason was like August, and now I'm right at the top of December.
  We gave ourselves we spaced out.
  We didn't want the audience to get fatigued with us being fatigued.
  Mine's the only one that makes sense, honestly, because I was like,  I didn't do anything and then I did.
  I went out and then I got it.
  So I didn't dodge it at all.
  I didn't dodge it at all.
  I got hit right in the face stepping outside.
  Like the biggest chance that you took.
  Yeah, as opposed to me, who I don't know.
  It might have been one guy coughing in a Chipotle.
  I that's my best guess.
  Yeah, one lot of people coughing right now.
  A lot of coughing going on.
  Flu numbers are up.
  RSV is up.
  You know, I yeah, that's the you know, I can't it's not it's very generic advice  to say get the booster, and I suspect a lot of listeners already have.
  But so I instead will say just in case  if you're in a restaurant where somebody's weird and coughing, just run out  of the restaurant, deal with the food later.
  Maybe they won't pick it.
  But like I should have left as soon as I heard that.
  That's really what happened.
  I don't know.
  It's one guess that I have.
  When did you when did we in the Chipotle with the coughing person?  That was on Thursday.
  So could have been.
  I don't want to spoil it.
  It was it was in the middle of doing research for an episode we haven't put out yet.
  Oh, I don't want to go giving away what brought me to the North Hollywood area.
  Real tease for the adventures.
  Yeah, interesting.
  But I risked life and limb to do it, to eat a burrito bowl.
  Anyway, to get back to why I bring all this up,  I'm not just like trying to read stuff from the book.
  Well, I am going to read something very specific from the book.
  And it's not something written by Beth Dunlop, the author.
  It's a little something extra that I suspect is only in this copy, which,  by the way, I bought randomly on eBay and even bought the cheapest version that was  available on eBay, and it happened to it's just normal book.
  And I'm flipping through and I'm tell I'm regaling Aaron with these tales of  Eisner lore.
  And then all of a sudden turn the page and I'm like the front blank page.
  And I'll put it up to the screen here.
  There is a very inscribed like calligraphy note.
  And I will read this note.
  Harrison, thank you for your contribution  in making the Disney studios so special in our world.
  And then this note is then signed by three people and its signatures.
  So it's not the easiest to make out.
  But I went backwards because this is curious.
  What is the story here?  This is like maybe a special copy potentially.
  And one of the signatures I can make out pretty well down in the lower right.
  There are lower left there.
  I see an R.
 I see an E.
  Roy E Disney.
  I add as a Roy E Disney right there.
  Wow.
  I mean, I'm pretty confident.
  Like that you saw it.
  It's a period after the E.
  You know, it's a big flourishy Disney D.
  It's not the Disney D.
  But, you know, when you're a Disney, you probably take some liberties with your D.
  You got to get fancy with it.
  Yeah, take some D liberties.
  Yes.
 So I'm like, wait a minute, that's got to be Roy Disney.
  Who are these other names?  So one of them is much easier to make out, but it's a name that I've never heard.
  The name is Sandy Litvak.
  And then I look up Sandy Litvak Disney.
  Sandy Litvak was like a legal counsel to the company.
  He joined in 1991.
  He became the senior vice president.
  And then in 1994, he was named senior executive vice president.
  That's a bunch of qualifiers  in that role, taking over many of Frank Wells duties after Frank Wells death and  later became vice chairman of the board.
  So, like, wait, I've never heard of this guy.
  But in this era, when this book was signed, he essentially was the new Frank Wells,  which makes him the number two of the company.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Nobody's ever come across Sandy Litvak.
  Is he in Disney War?  Do you know about old Sandy?  Sandy Litvak is a big character in Disney War.
  And I forget what crazy thing he was responsible for.
  He might have been a Roy.
  He was either a pro Roy guy or an anti Roy guy.
  And I cannot remember which.
  Somehow like balancing against Roy.
  It's one or the other.
  Yeah, there was so many shareholders,  revolts or different different factions going on.
  And I feel like his name came up in one of those.
  Huh? Huh?  Well, you know, a new guy to learn about Sandy Litvak.
  We'll figure out.
 We'll know all the.
  We'll do a Sandy Litvak episode at some point.
  But then I then I get to thinking, like, wait a minute, if this is a trio of names,  the last one's very hard to make out, given the pattern.
  Roy Disney, the essentially new Frank Wells.
  It has to be.
 There is one more.
  I mean, yeah, look, you might know the end of this story, but that last one,  I mean, that looks like an E to me.
  And Erin, who is, you know, along for the ride.
  She's like, let me look up a certain person's signature.
  And she does.
 And it's immediately a match.
  Ding, ding, ding.
  This book is signed by Michael.
  I know.
  Yeah, why?  The full Trillium with no indication of any of this.
  This was a very random eBay purchase, as I mentioned, pretty cheap.
  Yeah, there you have it.
  A holy Trinity.
  And then especially hello.
  Hello, I'm so.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  How about that?  Now he's going to have to come on the show.
  Yes, you'll find this so special.
  We were turned down multiple times, but now this book that's come into your  possession, what a talking, what a piece.
  What he has to talk about it.
  It's yeah, it's really something.
  Well, look, it's about stuff.
  The book is so largely about stuff that he did and great gifts that he  commissioned for the world to beautify the world.
  And in addition, this this gift itself, the man actually touched.
  I am touching something that greatness touched.
  I wish I could pass it around, but we're on Zoom.
  But I'm a little relieved because I suspect that the three of us could end up like  the the three men in the comic book from the early Simpsons episode.
  Oh, yeah.
  Suddenly, they want to show us that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Now we're now we're vying for custody of it and we're tearing it apart.
  And then no one has the book.
  Yeah, lock that up.
  We can't be trusted around a book signed by Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, look, I I trust you guys in general, but I understand in this.
  In a special case, I would expect you to go rabid.
  The covid is fake because you just wanted to be able to show us on Zoom to make sure  that the book wouldn't be stolen.
  Damn, you got no, no, no.
  It's not.
 No, look, I'm honest about everything.
  And I will show you a positive test result.
  If you give me about an hour and don't mind me, I'm not pulling up Photoshop.
  I'm just I'm looking for the results, the literature in an email somewhere.
  One more bit of this tale.
  Then I start thinking, who is Harrison?  Oh, what is who?  Who is an important Disney Harrison?  And I've got a really solid candidate because when you look up Disney Harrison,  you find Harrison Buzz Price and this name may come on the show.
  I mean, I think so, because if you get like if you get the big dogs out,  yeah, to all sign the book and give them a special calligraphy copy,  I feel like it has to be Harrison Buzz Price.
  If you don't know a Disney legend and the guy who the boring thing to say is  that he ran feasibility studies to see, like to examine different markets and to  see what locations might be a fit for some of the endeavors the Disney company was  doing.
 Long story short, that means he picked the Anaheim spot for Disneyland.
  He picked the Orlando spot for Disney World.
  I think he was part of Tokyo as well.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  And plus all of these, like he crunched the numbers on some of these weird things  they didn't do, like text position, the attempt at a Texas like mall slash theme  park in maybe the 70s or 80s and this Burbank thing.
  I believe he worked on it like the thing I'm obsessed with where like the whole  Burbank Mall and beyond could have been this Disney pseudo theme park with a great  movie ride.
 Yeah.
  So I that's got to be it.
  I think, yeah, for sure.
  I think here's what I'll say this.
  Go back to eBay and go to the eBay store.
  You bought things from and see what else is on there.
  Oh, that's because Buzz Price, I looked it up just now, died 12 years ago.
  So who knows who this person is just cheaply dumping, you know,  Disney stuff signed by all these all these people.
  God, you're right.
  Do you know about the even closer connection to Buzz Price from your past?  From my past? No.
  Yeah.
 Buzz Price designed the Universal Studios Glamour Tram.
  Oh, my God.
  That sounds really familiar.
  This must have come up before.
  Oh, my God.
  I think help them in the 60s where they're like, we could bring the tours back,  like help them develop when I believe the owner of Universal at the time was the  biggest one or at least one of the biggest, you know, proprietors of tours in America.
  Just the concept of tours.
  Oh, right.
 Oh, this all sounds super familiar.
  But yeah, wasn't it like the trams were like this this fun, like  kind of like Pepto pink, like they were sort of like like a candy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And he got he.
  Wow.
 So I owe this guy.
  I owe him two summers worth of minimum wage salary for setting up  one of the best places I ever got to work.
  And and some in through some odd set of circumstances, I ended up with a  personalized book from his library, like just that fact of it all.
  Besides the signatures.
  I mean, I can't help but talk about these things in a, you know, I feel like I have  to do it in sort of a bit adjacent way.
  But like I did grow the way I grew up,  loving the company and loving the Eisner era and loving books like this.
  Like, I'm amazed I didn't have the book because I had a bunch of other like Disney  coffee table books and I would have loved this at the time.
  But I'm glad I didn't have it at the time  because I ended up with the ultimate copy.
  Wow.
 It does like honestly move me to have this.
  Yeah.
  I mean, who knows what other books with  signatures from executives you could still find out there and like really  complete all your dreams.
 Whoa.
  Yeah.
  Like what happened to Lee Iacocca's  library? It's out there.
  I bet it's out there.
  Yeah.
 Who's  like Bob Wright from GE?  If people aren't tracking their,  you know, if you've got a dying executive in your life,  make sure that their library is properly tended to because you never know.
  This is my premise.
  This is my premise for action figures  where there's always something somebody would be a completist about.
  And I think we figured it out for Scott.
  It is Disney executive signatures in books from the personal libraries.
  That's what I know.
  I got a taste now.
  I'm like, I'm hooked.
  I can't stop here.
  I'm jonesing.
  I'm going to tease this because I don't think I've ever.
  I have an artifact in this vein.
  Oh, that in the future, I'll say I'll say this in twenty twenty three.
  I will I will show off my artifact.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  We have a Jason artifact to come.
  It's it's it's kind of similar.
  Not dissimilar to what you found.
  I don't want to talk about now and steal your thunder because that's such a cool  find, uh, just coming in the mail like that.
  Just a rock.
 You had to buy that from someone and it had to get shipped to you.
  Like that's such a crazy copy.
  I could have picked other copies, but my my cheapness paid off.
  And I'm going to go pick the second cheapest copy because sometimes what  happens is we talk about an out of print book on this show and then the episode  comes out and then it becomes even harder to find because people buy it.
  So you think the audience is going to the audience buys stuff up.
  That's what we were saying earlier.
  PTR bump and people are going to want to keep scouring Harrison Buzz Price's  private collection.
  I have a different artifact that I have not figured out how to how to approach an  episode about multiple artifacts.
  Gee, Jason, whatever these artifacts are,  I think half the audience is going to think they're the greatest and half the  audience is going to think they're a huge letdown.
  Michael, I you're a turner as they are not.
  We'll find out who falls on what side.
  Well, that's a good tease.
  And I given the way 2022 has gone, I think that we should not tease or promise much  more than artifacts, because as we have learned in exact thirds throughout the  year, sometimes plans need to be changed as these are acquired.
  But hey, here's hoping to to good health for you guys and hopefully me tomorrow.
  And of course, to the listeners who now,  well, we recorded this in the past, so I know that nobody there was no airborne  covid in the PTR post office.
  All the letters were opened successfully.
  Yes.
  And no diseases were passed on.
  No.
 But if the if the video version survived,  the you there is a footage of me in a very loud Hawaiian shirt because I ran  from my house from doing the Zoom audition for that Hulu commercial that ended up  coming out and didn't have time to take off that Hawaiian shirt.
  Oh, that was it.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  You were giving them a mental image of you in a Hawaiian shirt.
  And they said, sign us up for more.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's beautiful.
  Boy, that's a Hawaiian shirt that paid off.
  Good news for you.
  This book, good news for me.
  It offsets the less good news.
  But, you know, OK, so so here we go.
  We're going to pass it over to this post office.
  I'm going to rest up because we've got a big Feliz Navidad the way of winter ahead  of us and I want to be in in tip top shape.
  But so all right.
  So now, audience, you take over with your questions.
  All right.
 The PTR post office is open.
  It's not a mailbag.
  We don't open a bag.
  We open a door.
  Let's get the keys out.
  Jingle, jingle.
  Oh, right.
  Which one is it?  No, not.
 Ah, there's so many keys on this thing.
  This isn't Santa's mail sack.
  This is the PTR post office.
  We did a mail sack.
  Yeah.
 If you're tracking them.
  Sometimes it's a sack.
  Right.
 But not today.
  No sacks are being opened today.
  Just a post office which is full of sacks.
  You filled the sacks.
  Right.
  Thank you for filling our sack.
  Oh, my God.
  And now we're going to open the sacks now that we've opened the post.
  Yes.
 Great.
  OK.
  If you'd like me to explain it more, what we're doing.
  Confuse the audience with some lewd double entendres, please.
  This is a ninth one.
  On the tenth one, they'll understand.
  Yeah, they're going to get I really I'm rooting for you guys.
  I think you I think you're going to get the premise of an episode where you ask us questions.
  They're questions usually on point, but I think they'll really get it.
  All right.
 Who's seeing anything you like?  Let me see.
  Here we go.
  What would be this is from  famously chill dude at tweets for hot dogs.
  What would be the PTR experience a la the late show with Jimmy Kimmel ride,  which I think means the Jimmy Fallon ride?  Is that a purposeful combining of every every guess?  Because the late show is the late show is Colbert, which is and Colbert is not Kimmel.
  And I think I think this might be a little prank.
  Is this a prank?  We've been pranked.
  We have a question for you.
  Are you pranking us?  But the PTR experience.
  OK, well, it depends on is it set at the at the forever dog studios  or is it or is it at in my garage?  Well, is that where the queue is?  Oh, maybe you your or the queue is multiple rooms.
  It's like the secret lives of pets queue where you go through all the apartment rooms.
  So you start in like Mike's living room and then you go to your garage and then you end up in a studio.
  Oh, I see.
 OK, so all the iconic places, all the locales, right?  Pass by.
 You get to look at but not touch Mike's toys.
  You get to admire Leonardo's tail dick.
  Yes, you get to step over Jason's and by that I mean, Jane's dog.
  We say our dog now.
  It's our day is on the ground taking a little nap.
  Little dog.
  So, yeah, all the real world things would be in the queue.
  I think that's what Jason's saying.
  But then the right itself, I mean, if we're talking budget, I'd like to blue sky this.
  I'd like to say this is going to be a high ticket, a big budget rise, the rise of the resistance level budget.
  Yeah.
  So I think at this point we're going to use  the best ride system available, which is a Transformers ride system.
  Spider-Man ride system.
  Yeah, sure.
 OK, so it's going to have don't even put Spider-Man.
  It's we know it as the Transformers ride system.
  The iconic Spider-Man's invented the ride system.
  Transformers perfected it is the way I perfected rides in general, perfected rides in general.
  So I think it's going to be yeah, there's going to be like a little practical set  to moving in and out of screens because we need the motion.
  And at that point, I think you're going to go through our whole lives.
  You know, you're going to start as little boys and we're going to sort of see what went wrong,  what went wrong that started this whole podcast, this whole  mental illness that we have.
  Well, we're now in kind of a you could have doors opening up a la Tower of Terror and which I maybe  I thought of that because there's a little girl at the end of the hallway.
  Right.
 But it's so it's the holograms of us and like the fatal choices that I don't know what mine is.
  Is it me like,  wow, mom, the 1993 Disney shareholders annual report.
  And then it's me not going into the Twilight Zone, but going into the Unrelatable Zone.
  That is the choice I made where for many decades he'll be trapped there and people will not his peers won't be able to talk to him because he reads shit like this.
  Mine could be like me showing a girl  that I had printed out the entire Return of the Jedi script right when I first got a computer and she went, what, why do you have that?  And I was like, oh, I it's and then I go into the Unrelatable Zone.
  You were walking around with a full paper.
  It was a big and it was in a file or it was in like a folder.
  I had the script.
 I was like, oh, my gosh, it's a full return of the script is available on the computer.
  I can print it out.
 So I printed out a full script.
  And that was it.
 You felt caught like you expect it.
  Maybe it hadn't occurred to you.
 There could be a negative reaction.
  It did not occur to me that a female or male would react negatively to me printing out the Return of the Jedi script.
  What are you going to do with it? Like have people.
  I don't know.
 I think I just like the idea of looking at it like, oh, my God, this is what the actors saw when they were doing the movie.
  My favorite movie at the time.
  Was it though or was it like a transcript that it was probably a transcript?  Because that was a lot of the things you'd find online when you were looking for scripts.
  As somebody had just made a transcript of the movie and it was not full.
  It wasn't full of those like George, you know, action descriptions, which I'm sure were very specific and dynamic.
  Jason, what's your moment for the because we're by the way, we're about five percent through this hypothetical.
  Yeah, probably explaining to like people.
  My my college girlfriend or anyone who came into my dorm room, my my desktop background  was the Islands of Adventure.
  Like, oh, see, this is this is now this Marvel superhero island.
  This is Dr.
 Seuss Island.
  Now, this is the Lost Continent, which is it's copyright free.
  It's myths and legends, but it's copyright free.
  And they were kind of running out of money.
  You know, you even within theme park world, you remain so Islands of Adventure centric, like within the niche.
  You have your niche.
  It just hit at the right 12 year old age.
  That's your that's you made that your whole personality.
  Islands of Adventure in a lot of ways.
  I guess so.
  We've got this island.
  You're wearing an island shirt on  Islands of Adventure shirt.
  I mean, it's got a bunch of beer on it.
  Yeah, it's got beers on it.
  It was wacky, Ikeke ale.
  Yeah, a lot of like brands within this.
  It was from a Goodwill.
  I bought it in college for like a play or like Halloween costume.
  It looks new.
  Oh, no, this is like from like 2004.
  That looks that's what they call fresh, I think, as far as the look is concerned.
  It looks new.
 Your outfit.
  So, oh, thanks.
 All right.
  OK, so wait, hold on.
 Five percent through.
  OK, we see embarrassing moments as little boys.
  All right.
 Then we like whirl into like maybe well, you're already in college age.
  So maybe we like get together.
  It's like the origin of the podcast.
  Nick Mundy is there.
  He's pounding on the ride vehicle and saying, start this podcast.
  Oh, a massive we build it in what he is in our minds.
  Yeah, foot tall, intimidating.
  So he's like Megatron.
  Yeah, he's like Megatron.
  He like puts his hands and he like grabs them and digs them into the ride vehicle  and starts shaking it.
  You will start a podcast and then like throws the thing around.
  There was the vehicle around.
  That's good, because that's I feel like always cut like a big creature grabs  the vehicle and shakes the I feel like that's the first thing to go when they're  trimming budgets.
 Oh, well, this is remember this is Transformers.
  So this is this is a screen.
  It's a screen.
  OK, it's going to be weird.
  Should we definitely want and need it to be a screen?  It needs this for this ride that I'm envisioning.
  It has to be a screen.
  It has to be.
  OK, so we've already made some some trims.
  Yeah, right.
  It's  because really this is the problem is with the budget is going to be very long.
  The right.
 Yeah.
  Well, it has to be because he's asking what's the PTR experience and the PTR  experience is pretty long, very the episodes are.
  So it needs to be.
  So we're talking like a I mean, it's at least an hour and a half.
  Yeah.
 So then at that point, I think then this is going to be sort of this is going  to be like maybe 15 minutes.
  And then at that point, you go through a highlight reel of all the best podcasts,  the right moments.
  So Jason yelling about grapefruit beer, that's a dollar too expensive for him.
  The argument about  how many days stay at Tokyo Disney, of course.
  So you see all of these different things  play out in kind of a highlight reel and it's very dynamic.
  And, you know, you see,  I guess you use like maybe like soaring transitions to go from moment to moment.
  And when I mean by that, it's just like a fade  or like a wipe like a bird of prey crosses.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  And or Michael Eisenhower hitting a golf ball is a transition for everything.
  So there's always a environment.
  Yeah, there's always eyes in there.
  And you just keep swinging a golf ball, a golf club at us.
  And then I would like it if we could add him saying hello every time.
  Yeah.
  I mean, hello doesn't make sense.
  Does he or just an Eisner style for or goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
  But he says goodbye to every golf ball he hits.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  And then and then after we've done the highlight reel,  I think we have to fight all the villains we've ever fought on the show.
  And sort of  I'm trying to think of a good example,  like I guess like Sinister Six or something.
  It's Tillman Fratida.
  It's oh, they're all back.
  They're all back.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then I Billy Joe Armstrong shows up and I'm like, come on, guys, let's get him.
  And you guys go, I don't know.
  Well, keep in mind some of the later stuff.
  Actually, the latest stuff is the right touch.
  And we're not touching it.
  It's going on.
  Scott's enemy aisle.
  And then mine is a lot more, by the way.
  A lot of enemies.
 Mine is set.
  Brian Setzer lands on the hood of the vehicle and starts soloing.
  Like a dude.
  He's a boogie boogie boogie boy from Campanile.
  He tries to force bowling shirts on everyone in the vehicle and fedoras.
  Yeah.
  You'll wear this fedora forever.
  So then if you got the Scott path, the ride is an extra 30 minutes.
  Well, and because part of it, because that involves you just going on the full  living with the land as well as also living on land is just in there.
  So you have to chase Brian Setzer  and Randy Gerber through a crop maze.
  So so then the  the Jason path, I would just spend a little time reading you treats,  but then switch it up to disgusting old food menus.
  Yeah, got some disgusting old food stuff and then the hard tack coming up.
  Yeah.
 And Scrapple.
  And I think all of our separate avenues, that's where really the ride gains its  length, it's all right.
 I mean, what do you do with your half hour?  Like with my half hour?  I think it's it's definitely  it's definitely the ride vehicle like there's screens in front and you just  check for 30 minutes, like times for different rides in the park.
  Whatever park this is in, you basically just check for fast passes for like  other rides, for other rides.
  And so, yeah, you're not even this is going to be good for the budget because  there won't even be a need for screens or anything.
  You just be on your console for 30 minutes, refreshing it  to see if you get better time.
  It's the vehicle is still.
  Yeah, you're playing like, I don't know,  clocks by Coldplay or something loudly in the background.
  All of Milo's I low toe, all of my low low toe as a train, the train,  a digital version of the train like  Jerusalem bells are ringing.
  I'm going to get a 1215.
  Fast pass for no no no no.
  Quick, Mike, what are a baby?  What are a baby serving two spoonfuls of mac and cheese and an applesauce packet?  Oh, wait, there's an alert.
  You can get a Marvel Legends figure for three dollars less than you normally can.
  Oh, order it real quick while you're trying to check.
  No, no, no, no, no, no.
  So this is yeah, this is everybody has their own.
  Rather go down the avenue with my enemies than this cold play blasting.
  Well, it's like Guardians of the Galaxy songs.
  It's randomized.
  So I don't get to do.
  Yeah, I mean, it could be.
  When you try your best, you don't succeed.
  When it's not what you want, but that's what you need.
  Whatever the yeah.
  So the scientists, all of it.
  Or that's not the sign that that's fix you.
  I'm sorry.
 I'm singing the wrong Coldplay song.
  I apologize.
  And then in year five was when Coldplay became a fixture.
  And that's where there's got spirits really saying.
  There's still a lot of bands that I know a good amount of that haven't even come up  on the show, so there's still a lot of this is the long con.
  You've played not just with the audience,  but with me personally, you've top loaded it with the cool ones.
  I like through the years you reveal.
  But I like this, but I like this.
  But I'm a big defender of Sugar Ray.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, Sugar Ray is no, no.
  You tricked me.
  That's part of the ride is you tricking me with bands that are cool.
  This happened to me once, but this was it.
  But it was wrong.
  The person was wrong.
  They were like, oh, I thought you only like cool stuff because they I said I like  the Justin Timberlake, the the future sex love songs.
  But that's cool.
  So I don't know.
  This has happened to me before, but it's been about it's been the wrong.
  I've been accused of this before, I'm saying, but at that point it was wrong.
  And now I guess it's writer.
  But also like the older I get, the older I get, the less I want to watch movies  and TV and more I want to listen to any song.
  I don't know what that is.
  Hmm.
  Like I'll go like I'm not I used to be much more like picky about country and stuff.
  And now it's all good.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  It's all pretty standard is just music.
  Any you just want to be.
  I like music a lot, but I am very forgiving of music.
  There's there's not a lot.
  That is when we've had the music.
  I mean, you do just seem like, well, look, there's a guy up on stage with a guitar.
  And I like it.
  It's loud.
  And that's like, wow, that's your standard is just music is being played.
  I could rank things like I do know what's cooler than other things, I think.
  But sure.
  But who is the time?  We're all getting older.
  Now, that's that's practical.
  That's a practical thought.
  Yeah, I know.
  Like, for example, I know, like some of the best musicians and songwriters and stuff  are in like Nashville, right, because that's where there's like a whole music  industry, like like like the real country, like pros and stuff.
  There's a whole lot of cash is doing their  local class, all the best bands like low cash.
  Isn't that where Third Man Studios is?  Yeah, no, no, of course.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's cool stuff, obviously.
  But like you can like find something on like Apple Music or Spotify and then it'll  start recommending other people that you've never heard of.
  And it's just like, oh, here's what it is.
  I've gone through too many cycles of the Jimmy Buffett cycle of, oh, my God, this  exists, these songs are crazy, some of them are embarrassing.
  And then I come on the other side and go, I guess I like it, though.
  I guess I like a lot of this stuff.
  You have come around those cycle that cycle  a couple of times to the point where now I think I've just eliminated the part  where I go, oh, this is kind of cringe, isn't it?  And I just go, I guess I like it straight to I guess I just like this.
  You hear something that sucks and go straight to liking it.
  Yeah, I like anything that sucks.
  What do you oh, what's your taste in music?  Why anything that sucks?  Just like my favorite genre is sucky music.
  So all of that, like that's then that happens in the ride.
  You just get a 10 minute  sidetrack about just in general.
  It's not even like an insightful music conversation.
  It's just music exists.
  And then I look at artists and listen to other artists.
  So that happens in the ride.
  You get that.
 Yeah.
  And then, yeah, you could.
  Yeah, there's I can make up.
  I should make a playlist of this hypothetical ride and then see what you could get.
  Is this song red chili pepper song?  I like dirt on the list.
  Yeah, it is.
  Well, a question for you.
  Does it suck?  That song does kind of suck.
  I think that song does my guess.
  That song is not my favorite song of the red chili peppers.
  But does this ride end?  Is there an end to the ride?  Here's the question.
  Here's the thing.
  Maybe when you started the ride, you thought it ended.
  But now that we've been doing it for five years, you're like, I guess no end in sight.
  No end in sight.
 It's like comic books.
  All second act.
 That's right.
  No.
  At one point in time decades ago, there was a first act.
  There was no Act three in sight.
  OK, so that the PTR experience is at least five years.
  That's correct.
 And running.
  OK, I've got one from Ali Hodgkinson.
  If you had to spend the night in a theme park,  which would you choose and where would you sleep?  Maybe nestled up with the pig guy and Pirates of the Caribbean.
  The pig guy.
 That's pretty good.
  No, no, not.
  Jason, I love the idea.
  It's Lauren Cozy.
  It's not warm.
  It's cold and pirate talking the whole night.
  We've talked a little.
  We've talked a little bit about this, I think, on the show.
  Where do you sleep?  Because I think we've talked about the bed on pirates with those skeleton.
  You sleep with the skeleton.
  Yeah.
 And I push him over.
  Is he going to be there?  Well, it depends if you have any respect for the ride.
  You won't push him over.
  OK, it's not the narrative.
  It's like I don't.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  OK.
  Is there any couches in the Carousel of Progress?  Can I crash? There are couches.
  Yeah, there's got to be some furniture to sleep on.
  Yeah.
 I mean, yes.
  And they made everyone hotter.
  Oh, they did just update the Carousel of Progress.
  And they made everyone hotter on the ride.
  Did they change the physical, the look of the character?  They did.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The faces look different.
  And the mom, I think.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 That's you know what?  That's a good room.
  It would creep me out, I guess, to have so many characters around.
  But that New Year's scene where there's, I guess,  being around eight robots would be a little odd to spend the night.
  But like, there's got to be a piece of furniture in there that I can, you know,  like they've got a sectional, don't they?  So many of them are sitting on the floor playing video games.
  I bet there's a free couch.
  Probably.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Jason, obviously Islands of Adventure, I would think, is where you would want to  sleep.
 I mean, it looks very good at night.
  The lighting setups are very cool at night.
  I think I'm trying to think you sleep up in the Hulk's arms.
  He's like lifting that piece of track.
  You could like sleep on top of the Hulk.
  Yeah, because with like Toon Lagoon,  you'd probably run into the same thing as Toon Town, where it looks like there's  beds and couches and stuff.
 They're all hard.
  Oh, you wouldn't want to sleep on.
  Do they have a plastic Beetle Bailey cot in Toon Lagoon?  I don't think so.
 No, I think it's mostly flat.
  I don't even think they have a three  dimensional like approximation of what the cartoon characters living quarters would  be.
 Yeah, I what about the lighthouse?  Oh, the lighthouse would be good.
  And I'll venture and you could like room at the top of the lighthouse.
  You could dress up like the night before  Christmas, father with the cap and the whole thing and like bring up a little  candle as you climb the stairs of the Islands of Adventure Lighthouse.
  Yeah, with no railing.
  I'll just eat it.
  Just climbing up.
  Well, that's up to you.
  Did you someone post it like a picture of like across from Ogas in Galaxy's Edge?  There's just a stairwell to like a landing with plants on it.
  And someone's like, you could you get up there.
  There's nothing stopping anyone from walking up these stairs.
  Yeah, there is no railing, but it's definitely just a stairs to a patio.
  Yeah, I don't want to sleep up there, though.
  Yeah.
  What would I do?  I would say don't do Animal Kingdom because a lot of those animals come out at night.
  So I feel like it'd be rowdy and noisy.
  No, not the monkey cages.
  But what if I gained their trust, the animals trust?  They would probably just be a trick and they just beat the shit out of you.
  Or kill me.
  Yeah.
  What can I sleep in the hemisphere dancer at City Walk?  I don't know what's in there, but a little probably a little plane doesn't have  your tall guy and a little cockpit is going to be tough to lean the seat back.
  Jimmy Buffett has a plane that can recline.
  That's a good point.
  This is Jimmy Buffett.
  Yeah, there could be a hammock in there.
  I might.
  It's probably an upside down control  panel so that he can it can lower on top of his hand.
  Yeah.
  So I guess that's where I'm going to do.
  I'm going to sleep in the hemisphere dancer at City Walk Orlando.
  You could probably sleep at the Carthay Circle.
  A lot of comfy comfy chairs and couches and stuff in there.
  It does count.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  They do they have the little elevator that could close up the little elevator.
  And yeah, yeah, that sounds nice.
  Let's go, boy.
  Well, I don't think it's a cabinet anytime soon because they don't offer  a sleeping package as far as I know.
  It's like hotels, but who cares?  It's boring.
  It is.
  It's interesting they haven't done private event like lock ins.
  It's probably would be like a library lock in like, yeah, like a gym lock,  like a school lock in that people would do.
  I guess they did the 24 hour days or longer.
  Yeah, I've been there.
  But they don't really want you sleeping during the 24 hour day.
  No, no.
  But I mean, you can't control like tired dads can sleep anywhere in a theme park.
  You can't remember this.
  You can't control a tired dad.
  Your dad.
  Remember that, folks.
  This is interesting.
  Andrew Lippins, what favorite treat of Jason's would Scott hate the most?  Oh, man, what a question.
  Any ideas? I don't know which angle to you.
  I mean, you got to tell me and I have to react, I suppose.
  I really.
  I feel I.
  We just recently tweeted a picture of Scrapple.
  Yeah, that looks like shit to me.
  It looks so bad.
  Yeah, I hmm.
  I don't know.
  I mean, one of my favorite treats is a hot fudge  Sunday with chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla ice cream.
  Is that too sweet for you? Is that too chocolate?  That sounds great.
  Establish a base.
 OK, that's good.
  No, I get I think I start running into trouble the more like chemical we get.
  The fakier it is, I think is where I start to dive.
  You mean like diet sodas?  That is the word of stuff like, yeah, when you had me try the Coke Star,  I despised that that was that was one of my favorite.
  No, no, never.
  You ever drink a regular Coke?  Not anymore.
 No, not not in decades.
  No, I feel like it's come the zero calories.
  So it's come a long way with the introduction of zero line, zero sugar.
  I think a lot of them do taste pretty close to regular sodas.
  But then I don't drink regular sodas either.
  So there's there's your trouble.
  That doesn't help me necessarily.
  That's true.
  No, but it's that fake diet.
  I like that.
  I I don't like that.
  That tastes to me like somebody took a bunch of aspirin and ground them up in the drink.
  That's not my go to.
  OK, a place I it burned down, but a place my family went to.
  For for years, it still find pork roll,  Taylor Ham, whatever you call it, at a lot of the Jersey boardwalks.
  But one place we really love, the Hamburger Construction Company would do.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa.
  It's a hamburger construction company.
  Yeah, it burned down at the start of the year.
  You ever told me about this before?  Yeah, it's the T-shirt I have that's like endless summer,  but it's a big hamburger instead of a thing.
  How have we not done an episode on the Hamburger Construction Company?  I'll tell you what, it burned down at the start.
  Very start of twenty twenty one.
  And I was so yes, I was so upset.
  And then this and you forgot.
  I don't remember the hamburger.
  It might have come up in passing because as soon as I found out the news, it's like,  well, got to record the Avery Monson episode.
  Wow, really? Within minutes.
  Like, yeah, it was a real.
  And also the guy, they're like, we're going to rebuild.
  I'm like, that guy's not going to come back.
  He's like my parents age.
  And sure enough, like 30 plus years in a kitchen,  an unair conditioned kitchen sweating every summer, he tapped out and decided to retire.
  But better, yeah.
  I say all this to say that they would do pork roll on like a nice hoagie roll,  a nice Italian roll, they would also do a Taylor burger, which is a burger patty,  Taylor pork roll and like two things of American cheese.
  And then you dress it however you like a burger.
  All that sounds good to me.
  I think it would wreck me.
  I think as I said, I'm retiring from you just don't like neon color.
  Like you want colors.
  You know, maybe the discovery here, Andrew, is that you ask, is it Jason?  I think I think it might be Mike.
  Yeah, I actually think genuine like like if we make you one of those goofy slush  mix in they have in Disneyland, the California Adventure now where it's like  icy and fruit juice and nerds and gummy bear.
  I think maybe we've had it wrong the whole time.
  Eating like Jason wouldn't be as bad for me as drinking like Mike.
  That is much tougher for me because I do need to taste alcohol in the alcohol  I'm drinking.
 That is a requirement.
  I don't like I don't like my colors and goose.
  Yeah, I don't want gummy worms swimming around in my drink.
  Like sprinkles, I guess I can.
  Yeah, you would deal with sprinkles.
  The last.
 Yeah, I'll get sprinkle.
  I'll get rainbow sprinkles on the on Disneyland,  on like whatever the Main Street ice cream is.
  OK, we can work with that.
  Would you ever get the sprinkle cone with like the chocolate and sprinkles  in the waffle cone? I maybe sure.
  That doesn't sound abhorrent.
  But would I get a sprinkled drink?  That's if there's a bunch of sprinkles caking the rim of a beverage.
  I think that's a sprinkle rim.
  I like the sound of that.
  You're going to have to stop the record.
  You're salivating on the mic too much.
  Pavlov's dog over here.
  Maybe your sprinkle rim.
  Maybe we can meet in the middle on this.
  I sprinkle rimming.
  How do you feel about cake batter flavoring?  Like my friend, I'm drinking it in the coffee.
  Oh, hey, man.
  You've been having the whole time is cake batter.
  Here's what it is.
  I'm drinking a large coffee from Dunkin Donuts.
  You can specialize exactly what you want, how much of it you want.
  And I don't put any sugar in it.
  I put some of the natural raspberry flavor in it.
  And then I asked for one squirt of cake batter.
  That is not the official.
  Squirt of batter.
  Squirt one little squirt of batter, please.
  That is not the official branding.
  You're trying to mighty a cron the Dunkin ordering system.
  Well, here's the thing.
  Now that I'm looking at it, it looks like they put four swirls in,  even though I specified on my app that I wanted one.
  I did not check.
 You're right.
  Now that I'm looking at it.
  But have you vocalized out loud, this is the best coffee drink I've ever had.
  I have not.
  Is it better, though?  It's good to have a little sweet.
  I just don't.
 Sometimes like McDonald's coffee is very sweet,  but it is like you're drinking a shake.
  So I try to get a good mix of just like, you know, not not something overpowering.
  But I guess maybe they overpowered me with cake batter today.
  There are episodes I've recorded where I  have drank a Dunkin peanut butter cup macchiato or Irish cream macchiato.
  Yeah, the peanut butter cup.
  I guess if you get a small, it would be OK.
  But it was it was small.
  But it comes separated and like you mix it like you you stir it up.
  And that was pretty good.
  But I am just drinking like iced coffee with half and half.
  So Mike's drinking the candy coffee.
  Yeah, but it doesn't it doesn't it's not that sweet.
  I've had much sweeter.
  The McDonald's coffee, if you've ever had  just an iced coffee McDonald's much sweeter than this.
  It's also not great if you don't get it sweet.
  It just doesn't have like much coffee flavor.
  McDonald's.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  I concur.
  I kind of need at least get a vanilla.
  Yeah, Scott, we'll try you eating free pebbles at a certain point.
  The drinking is maybe I can't even agree to the drinking.
  Well, we'll see.
 I'll see what I can find.
  That's where the degree of sugar will have me.
  I don't think you would.
 I don't want you.
  I don't offer my drinks to anyone, but I think you could drink some of this.
  I don't think this would be crazy.
  OK, OK.
  I don't know when this is coming out or  what orders we're going to choose to put stuff out in.
  But I did purchase something for us to consume on air to get in the groove a little.
  OK, we're going to like start piecing this out.
  Yeah, we're going to we're going to build  up your tolerance before we do the full tasting flight.
  Yeah.
  OK, Jason, do you have one or do you want me to go?  You go ahead.
  OK, shoot, I had it.
  And of course, I lost it.
  Your mind's I got one quick.
  King, Koth, can we get Cub reporter Scott's review of the Bugmane live show  he attended recently as you know, we're talking music and artists who we have a  lot of affinity for and I think I think Bugmane is doing things in the hip hop  forum, in the live music forum.
 I've only seen I want to say I've only seen like  three or four concerts since concerts have returned post covid.
  And two of them have been Bugmane.
  I've not been disappointed by either.
  You said that.
  He's a he's a he's a revelation.
  I think P.
F.
 Chang's one of the new songs is an absolute jam.
  I loved when he went into the audience and knocked the projector over.
  He  when he took off his shirt, the whole audience was electrified  and and King Koth is holding it down on the ones and twos.
  So a great live presentation.
  Don't miss this,  this great live package if you have the opportunity.
  OK, great.
 Yeah.
  Check it out, everybody available on all streaming services.
  It's a here to hear Coco Pelli live.
  Imagine whatever Mike feels of hearing fix you fix you.
  Fix you.
  It's imagine one hundred fix yous all at once.
  And that's what it's like to hear the icon Bugmane doing the iconic song.
  Coco Pelli.
  Yeah, same thing.
  Jason, you got something?  Yeah, this is from at George D.
  Three.
 Just watch the fake doctor final four,  appalled by Scott's willingness to invalidate the election results.
  So my question is,  remember where  where were you?  Where was Scott on January six?  Hashtag podcast the riot.
  I'll actually answer that.
  We were in our respective  homes recording an episode while most of the January six.
  No, I believe we paused it.
  I believe I believe the day was pretty intense.
  And I think I said maybe we shouldn't maybe we'll record tomorrow.
  I thought we paused a different.
  I thought we called it maybe a different day.
  It was a different day.
  But yeah, you know, you're right.
  We did.
 We did record.
  We did.
 What episode was I don't remember?  Yeah, no, Jason's right.
  I'm I'm misremembering what bullshit were we talking?  So go back.
  And if there's an episode that came out like  January, mid January, 2021, and it's weird.
  It's like during it's like right after.
  That might I don't know.
  We need to go back and figure out what that was.
  But we did do.
 You're right.
  No regrets.
  I think I made the right decision.
  I don't remember why I overturned them or what for.
  I think maybe I was just bored by the Muppet winning.
  And I didn't think it was unique or interesting enough.
  Right.
  And that wasn't the bold leadership that we needed then.
  It was whoever I chose that I don't remember.
  And Jason and I Jason and I were just, oh, we know it's OK.
  There's got to become reasonable again eventually.
  That's what that was our our thinking.
  So just let him do this.
  What's what's going to happen?  We thought like, oh, everything will go back to normal and we don't need to deal  with the urgency.
 When was that?  That was probably that was like the I'm going to guess the date that it was like  March 20th.
 So when the March 20th hearings have come and gone, well,  we'll get to the bottom of whether I do.
  I need to be right.
  Right.
 Right.
  Banned from being a podcast host.
  Mm hmm.
  OK, let's see here.
  I have again lost the thing that I was going to say.
  There's a couple of people have asked about sleeping in a theme park.
  I don't know.
  Does everybody have this fantasy?  We've had multiple questions about sleeping in a theme park,  which I guess is what everybody's just walking around there going, oh,  I could sleep over there.
  You think it's anywhere nice in the treehouse?  I don't remember the Tarzan's treehouse iteration and whatever's coming.
  I just like maybe there'll be a nice like under the stars tropical place to sleep.
  Yeah.
  Hopefully they bring back the jaunty polka music.
  Here's a good question.
  They will.
 Whatever it is.
  Here's a good question.
 What are our first sonas?  Do you guys know what this is?  I do know what a first sonas is, which I'm I have actually not given this any  thought, so I'm excited to think about it.
  I need this defined a little more.
  I am not an expert on this, but I believe this is sort of  adjacent or is the furry community.
  And in that you have your own basically like your own animal character.
  That's your first sona.
  That's your your avatar.
  Yeah, exactly.
 Like your avatar.
  And I know I've seen some people online, they have very nice drawings of this  character, and then they sometimes people make an actual suit.
  I don't we don't have to do that.
  Obviously, we don't have time to make a suit right now, but we could at least  say what animal you would like to be.
  I think there's no real rules to this.
  I think it'd be any animal.
  I think you could be maybe a hybrid.
  So I am intrigued by this question because like,  I don't know what animal do you like?  What would the animal do?  The animal could I think could have powers.
  If I let's say the animal could have powers.
  Sure.
  Like off the top of my head, I feel like  I feel like I would like to be like a fox or something.
  Mm hmm.
  Kind of like a fantastic Mr.
 Fox type, maybe with like a kind of a fancy fox,  you know, like dressed like the top hat.
  Well, like like Uncle Wiggly,  the rabbit gentleman is one of my favorite board games as a kid.
  I don't know if you've ever seen him.
  No, Jason, you know, Uncle Wiggly.
  Yeah, we definitely talked about Uncle Wiggly before he has a rheumatism.
  Yes, he has.
  Yes, he has trouble walking.
  That's true.
 That's canon.
  His nemesis or his antagonist is always trying to give him ear nibbles.
  This is a game.
  Well, stories as well.
  Yeah, Wiggly is now public domain.
  It was the thing where like the stories were published in like a weekly newspaper  or magazine and then collected in books.
  And I had we used to take the Uncle Wiggly book out from the library.
  And then my mom found one at the garage sale.
  And then she found the board game.
  So, yes, yeah, we were we were Wiggly House.
  So you could say Jason and I, Uncle Wiggly taught Jason and I how to be weird  in a lot of ways.
 Yeah.
  So Uncle Wiggly, I like I like Uncle Wiggly, all that to say.
  But maybe I think like a fancy fox, but maybe more like kind of loose 70s fox,  like like like like dressed like a Charles Nelson Riley on Match Game Fox,  maybe with like a little more of like a neckerchief or something and kind of like  maybe more of a leisure leisure suit and kind of like with a martini in his hand.
  Like, I guess I guess I'm describing like a swarthy fox, which I guess I like.
  I guess I want to be a little bit like 70s swarthy fox, 70s Playboy Fox,  a 70s Playboy Fox with sort of a neckerchief.
  I could have an ascot.
  I could have like a Vincent Price ascot on as well.
  And then do we have names for personas?  Do they have their own names?  I don't I don't quite know.
  I guess, again, we could there's no rules to this, I think.
  So we could probably come up with like  like what would be what would be a fun name for this?  What is the how are they named?  What are I don't know.
  I'm sure there's very specific roles depending on what type of persona you're  doing, but maybe  Foxy.
  Wow.
 With an eye.
  OK.
  Sure.
 That's all that fancies it up, doesn't it?  Foxy with an eye.
 Yeah, this is pretty good.
  I just that's a pretty good persona, honestly.
  Yeah.
 Well, and you're look, you're ahead of me because I'm trying to think about  this and I'm like, I don't like these.
  I don't want to be one.
  I don't really I don't I don't I've always had a hard time answering.
  What kind of animal would you be?  I don't know if I want to be a horrible.
  I know.
 I know.
 That's a boring question.
  I feel like this is a fair to be like, you're right.
  I should be an anthropomorphic animal.
  This is everything I ever dreamed of.
  This is beyond animal.
  I need to be more creative, I guess.
  Yeah.
 Just be like Uncle Wiggly, the rabbit gentleman, which I think is what Jason's  going to say.
 Well, I was going to say I'd probably be some variety of sleepy bear.
  So I don't know if that's a panda.
  Panda was where my mind went first.
  And then I started thinking about the sleepy time T-Bear, which we needed to  universe of sleepy time T-Bears.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, what's he what's he wearing?  He's wearing a big night shirt.
  Is he wearing the night before Christmas dad outfit?  Yeah.
 I mean, ever since I was kid, I've always gravitated to like two sizes,  two big sleep shirt.
  OK.
 Or you could have like the old like the kids version with the butt flap to go  to the bathroom.
  Yeah.
 I mean, flaps and zippers and foot.
  When I was a child, I don't think I've ever said this before.
  I know there's still some child neuroses we haven't talked about.
  I have always I had a very sweaty feet as a child and still do.
  So, oh, wow.
  Jason's sweaty feet.
  So my you know, footy pajamas, it's a one piece.
  And that includes the feet.
  And so at some point, my mom just started cutting the feet off because it's just  like, wow, really, you are going to get you are getting a rash or you're getting  irritated.
  Did you get feet rash as a child from your footy?  Probably like whatever version of like athlete's foot or some sort.
  Yeah.
 So started cutting them off.
  I still I hate sleeping with socks on.
  I do not.
  I mean, I don't like that either.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Sweating.
 I do.
 I do like sleeping with socks on.
  Really?  And I kick them off triumphantly as the night goes on.
  I've done that.
 Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
 Good to me.
  If I fall asleep, I would do that.
  I that was another that was a trick in the Boy Scouts.
  We go cold weather camp and you put clean socks on for bed because you lose most  your heat from your head or your feet.
  So if you wear a knit cap and you wear socks, you're going to be a lot cosier.
  Oh, but don't wear the socks you wore all day because they've absorbed the  moisture from the day.
  My gosh.
 So you would your footy pajamas were just like just water bags by the end  of the night.
  Just just a pair of scissors.
  Just chop off the feet.
  So OK, I got your name.
  Your name is Barefoot the bear.
  That sounds great.
  So you have you're a bear.
  You have some sort of comfortable pajamas.
  But then there's kind of like you can see that the feet have been cut off of the  footy pajamas for the bear.
  Perfect.
 So you're Barefoot the bear and you've got a little cap on and you're  sure.
 I mean, I like the ease of one piece of clothing.
  You know, OK, so Barefoot Foxy and I'm thinking like what what if I if we're  using powers, if I could be a zebra, but I'm not limited to black and white, if I  can change those colors, any color in this so I could just like just think it,  manifest it and then go through a psychedelic light show with my stripes.
  Like whenever I like fruit stripe gum zebra.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh, I like fruit stripe gum zebra.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And Kate eventually.
  What's his name?  I don't know.
  So, yeah, but I that I can essentially do like insta heffalump and woozle type  sequences either to impress people or as a distraction, as kind of like a little  flash bomb that goes off.
  So with like with I don't want to just be stripey.
  I don't want to I don't want to just be basic here.
  How do I do I juice up this name?  Oh, oh, um, visor.
  Oh, juice up the name.
  You know, say psycho stripes, psycho stripes is good.
  Oh, he's joined the psychedelic record or psychophantic records family.
  What about stripe?  Oh, just stripe.
  Oh, that's nice and clean.
  I figured you'd have like a little package for me.
  Yeah.
  Into the first.
  Well, you've got a first.
  So good.
  My name is so good.
  Of course, when you started with.
  Yeah, I knew we could pass the ball to you.
  So Foxy Stripo and barefoot barefoot the bear.
  Barefoot the bear.
  Perfect.
  That's good.
  So cute.
  I know that all three of them are cute.
  Yeah, no question about those.
  There was a theme park question if you can imagine.
  I think was it just what's what's all of your dream park?  What's the one you haven't been to?  And now I can't find the actual place.
  Yeah.
  Like, what's the what's the one that's the white whale at this point that you're dying  to go to?  Oh, well, I guess for me, I mean, I'm the only one who hasn't been to Tokyo at Disney  yet.
  But I'm also curious of like some of the smaller parks we talked about, some of the  regional parks with like specific stuff like Lagoon, Salt Lake City, Lagoon and  it's a can of Kenobi.
  Yeah, I've been to Kenobles.
  I haven't been to Kenobie.
  I don't think that's how you say it, but that is how you say Kenobles.
  But now you don't say Kenobles.
  You don't put the emphasis on bull.
  Oh, I, you know, I can't speak to that.
  Hey, Lord, just free theme park or amusement park in America, I think, because it's  still ticket based systems.
  I mean, I either Bore or Dollywood and Efteling, I guess.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You don't have to.
  Why are you so down on it?  Because I want to be.
  Those are exciting places to go.
  I want to be interesting.
  Say Dollywood and Efteling.
  I don't want to.
  I don't want to be interesting in music, but I want to be interesting in my choices for  my dream park visit.
  What's your dream song to listen to?  Any song.
  I mean, again, if it sucks, that helps put it at the top of the list.
  But just songs, any song.
  I've been I'm trying to look.
  OK, what I've been listening to is Red Hot Chili Peppers, By the Way, which is the  20th anniversary of By the Way.
  You I need to hear.
  I don't think I've found all the ins and outs of By the Way.
  Well, there's a great.
  No, it's got their secrets left to this.
  There was a great stereo gum article saying it was their best album.
  But then look at I also.
  The album, not the song.
  Yeah, I've also been listening to Wet Lag.
  That's a new band.
  That's a cool new band.
  OK.
  And Harry's House.
  Great.
  You were telling us you like Harry's House.
  I I listened to a song earlier when I was exercising, and I don't think either of  you will be happy to hear it.
  But do you know the song Uma Thurman by Fall Out Boy?  Yes, of course.
  I know Uma Thurman by Fall Out Boy, Jason.
  If you were talking about songs or you're just like, I don't know this very good, but  I like it.
  I think that's fine.
  There's a lot of monsters talk in the air, so it got caught stuck in my head.
  So I put it on.
  That song exists for sure.
  You might have you're you went a little too far for Mike.
  Well, the only reason is just I'm such a traditionalist when it comes to the monsters.
  You want to get in the way.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's fair.
  I'm not against.
  I mean, in the instance of that low cash song, the Beach Boys that I that I like.
  When it samples another song and yeah, well, yeah, low cash Beach Boys is pretty.
  It doesn't get any better than that.
  Yeah, there's a lot of there's a hypothetical music podcast we do also where I get to go  through all of this weird stuff like the the Everclear cover of Brown Eyed Girl, where  he adds his own intro, original musical intro to it.
  That is really this music.
  This music podcast will have different co-hosts.
  That's fine.
  Perhaps none, perhaps no.
  Go on in, Scott.
  The song.
  Come on in.
  The door locks behind you.
  We're going album by album.
  They might be Giants.
  We're doing a 19 part series on the double Everclear album Songs from an American Movie  Part One and Two.
  Maybe it's when bands do their statement about America.
  They have a song.
  They had a song about being a rock star before Nickelback had a song about being a rock  star and no one before Everclear.
  Yeah, never.
  This was a new premise.
  And I really like that.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, Jason, you have something.
  Yeah.
  From at Mel got served.
  Hi Mel.
  Thoughts on the carousel of progress wardrobe plus ups in the final scene.
  We addressed it earlier for like them.
  Yeah, that it's more current.
  It makes sense.
  I think everyone looks good.
  There's some details.
  There's some cute little Easter eggs in there.
  Moving on.
  Great.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Let's see here.
  What's a cue that Mike and Jason would do.
  Thanks for leaving me out knowing that they couldn't ride the ride at the end.
  It's from Nick Nick.
  Oh, couldn't ride the ride at the end.
  We're going to only do the kill.
  Oh, it's Guardians.
  I think for sure.
  I would walk.
  You would just willingly do the Guardians queue and not go on the ride.
  Well, I would prefer to go on the ride.
  But you don't get to.
  That's out.
  That's the question.
  But I like the rocket show so much and I like looking at the stuff in the cases.
  How long are we?  So you're you've been told you're going to do this and there is no ride at the end.
  The weight is 45 minutes.
  That was was that part of the question was that the weight is intense.
  Is it the waiting is very long.
  I don't think the weight is only five minutes.
  Then there's no I would do all of them if the way was only five minutes.
  You have to put some stakes into this.
  I think.
  Well, there has to be going to ask him.
  Maybe he'll respond.
  30 minutes.
  30.
  I mean, what else?  And in between.
  Hmm.
  Indiana Jones.
  I mean, I like.
  I Guardians, I think I think that's that's the bet.
  One of the most fun queues and pre shows you can get.
  I mean, I guess Rise of the Resistance.
  If you can, if you count spoiler alert, spoiler alert two years later  going on Lieutenant Beck ship, I guess, I guess maybe that one then.
  I think that's a cheat.
  I think that's not that's a cheat.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, we need a cue.
  That's a ride.
  There's there's a ride in the queue.
  There is no no rides.
  A lot of good Easter eggs in the amazing spider.
  Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man queue.
  You go through the Daily Bugle offices and something back to islands.
  Back to island time.
  You would do that.
  You would do that queue and then no ride.
  Yeah.
  OK, yeah, I would do that queue and no ride as well.
  Yeah.
  I'll wait.
  Let's see here.
  I'm going to keep I'll wait 30 minutes.
  I'm there for the day.
  I'm going to keep I'm going to keep down it up.
  Forty five.
 Same.
  You'll do it.
  It's because it's hard.
  You're explaining to me like what's what's going on there.
  The ride is broken.
  Yeah, the ride's broken, but they left the they left you open.
  The door is open, but the ride is broken.
  And I don't know why all the people are still in it.
  I'm bad.
  I that I can't account.
  That doesn't make much sense.
  So the hypothetical a lot of people stuck there.
  They're like kind of they're like video game avatars.
  They're like from Rollercoaster Tycoon, where they're like kind of  like one cell organism.
  You've stuck.
 They don't they don't know that they can leave.
  They it is line.
  I must be in line sidewalk and they know there's no way to go.
  And you've deleted part of the sidewalk and now they're just stuck roaming.
  The only exit, there's no there's a problem with the entrance.
  As soon as you're in.
  They shut the entrance.
  There's a there's a beeswarm at the entrance.
  Something that just happened to me at Universal Studios.
  There's a beehive, so you can't go out the front.
  The only way is out the back.
  OK, all right.
  I honestly like if.
  If they said like Spider-Man is closed for five years or 10 years,  we have a big problem with it.
  And you can wait in line and go through the queue.
  And I had somebody away with that wasn't going to be was like into it like Jason.
  That wasn't going to give you any shit about Everclear.
  Yeah, that wasn't going to make was going to talk with me about Everclear  in a real way, in like a reasonable way.
  Wait, it was in a real way.
  Mean like in a real case, I'm going to do that's real about Everclear.
  Jason's got to listen to what Alex Zach has to say about,  you know, growing up and fatherhood and all that stuff.
  And he's going to be we're going to be dealing, you know, the real shit.
  It's going to get real with you.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It's some real some Mark Maron talk  in this queue about Everclear and their double album.
  You know what I'll say on so much for the afterglow Everclear,  so much for the afterglow.
  The start of it really sounds with a nice Beach Boys type  kind of riff before they go into the main hard rockin song.
  Yeah, but yes, but Beach Boys pastiches and tributes have been perfected by low cash.
  That's true.
 By current country,  60 somethings with dyed goatees, low cash.
  So I can't imagine that it tops low cash.
  It probably doesn't.
  But so, yeah, so, yeah, I mean, obviously,  there's an agenda of stuff you're going to get done.
  But here, OK, I've waited for dumber things  than just walking to see the cartoon Daily Bugle.
  Oh, yeah.
 A lot dumber things for a lot longer.
  I've waited for dumber things at Comic Con.
  I've waited for dumber comic.
  We can do, you know, Captain America's famous line.
  We can do I can do this all day while he's fighting, getting beat up.
  That's what Jason and I are like with lines.
  I doesn't fazes at all.
  I would beg my parents to take me to the dirty holiday  and buy the airport because they've set up folding tables  so different vendors can sell comic books and trading cards.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 And it smells like cigarettes.
  Probably still to this day.
  I've never.
 Yeah, we've never met a line that we couldn't.
  We couldn't stand it.
  We stood in line for eight hours to meet Springsteen.
  Was it eight? I thought it was six.
  We got up at like three in the morning.
  Yeah, we kept doing.
  We did.
 Jason did.
 Yeah.
  It was my birthday.
  Oh, meeting the day before my birthday.
  I think I think it was like October 3rd.
  And then the next day you were like, all right, see you in 10 hours  because we were going to Disneyland for my birthday.
 That's right.
  So yeah, I I I Spider-Man or or Guardians.
  Geez.
 Yeah.
  It's my take away from that is not only is it yes, you'll do it.
  I think you actively want to do it now.
  You're now now you seem like you got to a place of like  you want this bonding with your pal Jason.
  You want this 45 minutes talking about, you know, no, right?  It's it's a daily bugle,  open house where you can get real about Everclear.
  You seemed wistful for that.
  We a little bit.
 Yeah.
  As long as we can talk about the instrumental song,  I'll distort Odey melodica.
  That's on so much for the afterglow.
  As long as his Internet's working, he can play like 10 or 15 second clips.
  That was my entrance music for back at wrestling.
  Is that so? Wow.
  So instrumental, pretty hard.
  It's kind of hard.
  So honestly, it's sort of like a tough guy.
  Type song.
 So.
  Let's see, what do we got?  We're both so we're all so blown.
  We're so you're mentally there.
  We have a lot of treats and sleep questions.
  So let me address those.
  Live, live, treat, repeat.
  That's what I.
  Sleep, treat, repeat.
  People ask about a Vegas live show one day.
  If you know where we could do it, if you like.
  Yeah.
 And you're in.
  Where the park park?  Yeah, the park theater.
  Residency.
 Yeah.
  I mean, sounds good.
  In theater.
 Yeah.
  In between brutal Mars and Lady Gaga's residences or the  of Aerosmith, I think is coming back in September.
  Yes.
 Because you've been fooled so many times.
  This is a Lucy in the football situation.
  There are discounts in those.
  My Vegas games.
  One of the rewards is Aerosmith.
  But there's no comp tickets.
  But there are like 25 percent off tickets.
  So you got to work only eighty five dollars.
  What are you guys doing the podcast for?  Why aren't you playing this game to get your Aerosmith?  Well, I am playing the game.
  I want to get in the pit, though.
  I need to be in the pit at the Las Vegas.
  Deuces are wild residency.
  Steven Tyler, get in the fucking pit.
  You want you need to become  COVID eligible again,  because you had your bout with it.
  Sure.
 And you want it to run out.
  And then you want to get COVID from Steven Tyler's sweat droplets.
  There was going to be a way to catch a new variant.
  It would be from Steven Tyler.
 Yes.
  This M.
F.
 gotten monkeypox in the Aerosmith Deuces Wild Pit.
  If I could get on stage and play a little harmonico with Steven,  I have his arm.
  I'll put my mouth on his dirty spit covered harmonica.
  What's gross about that?  What did I say? That was weird.
  You managed to top Jason's sweaty footy feet.
  The grossest thing thus far.
  But then you imagine like Steven Tyler's dirty harmonica.
  Yes.
 I bet it's like he smells like vanilla or something.
  But it's fine.
  I like this question.
  This Dunkin Donuts vanilla that I.
  You're the most idealized Steven Tyler I could ever imagine.
  He smells nice and he's a wonderful dad.
  Steven Tyler smells like my big treat coffee.
  Yeah, right.
 Says Michael  from at BF Wings 55.
  Do you think Beasley Kingdom would have lived up to its height potential?  Would it have been torn down to be replaced by Avatar anyway?  No, not tearing it.
  I don't think tearing it down.
  They did that like because Beasley Kingdom was the not built  like mythical creature part of Animal Kingdom that had like a dueling  dragon coaster with like a maybe a was it a robot dragon  in the middle of like a castle? I think similar.
  Hey, that's a good episode idea.
  We should go through that.
  But no, there's that was a that would have been a cool  roller coaster, and they generally don't tear down  cool roller coasters that are popular.
  Yeah, I don't think that would ever have been torn down.
  And especially there is stuff with like big characters, like if they put beast  from Beauty and the Beast or what?  Something like that.
  Beasts, where they're going to put beast in there.
  That's where my mind goes first.
  No, I think it was all like mythical, like dragons in the lore of yesteryear.
  Beast is mythical.
  Yeah, a prince who is cursed and turned into a beast.
  But this wasn't part of the this is never leaked that they were going  to put beast in Beasley Kingdom.
  No, you're making this up.
  But I'm making it up.
  But I feel like if Disney is making something called Beasley, like  they're going to find a place to put the beast in there somewhere.
  Be interesting to go to a realm that's all beasts.
  Like, I guess beasts isn't like Wookiees.
  It's not a race of it's not like a type of creature.
  Yeah, because that only happens to this this mean prince.
  Right.
 But seeing an entire world of beasts and baby beasts and lady beasts,  I would be interesting.
  And what do they eat and what do they do?  Warner Brothers tried that with Fantastic Beasts, and the world said, no, thank you.
  They tried three times.
  They tried three times.
  Here, let's give it one more go.
  But there's a lot of different characters named Beast also.
  Obviously, there's an X-Man named Beast.
  There's the Beast from Beauty and the Beast.
  There's a Masters of the Universe character Beast Man.
  Was it one of those guys who ran the ghost kitchen?  Isn't one of them? Or is it like a?  Yeah, wait, one of those ghost kitchens that Robert Earl runs.
  The Beast.
 Yeah, Beast.
  Mr.
 Beast.
 Mr.
 Beast.
  Yes.
 Mr.
 Beast.
  They could have updated.
  They could have made it cool for the kids by putting Mr.
 Beast in.
  So, yeah, Mr.
 B.
 Yeah, yeah.
  So they could have just done any character that's ever been named  Beast or a beast in the name.
  Oh, man, that would have been great.
  A theme park show that's like the Dick Cabot show.
  It's long conversations between Beast from X-Men, Beast from Beauty and the Beast,  and Mr.
 Beast Burger just being a scamp like he always is.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Different generations, different perspectives.
  I think a lot's going to get accomplished there.
  I have a.
.
.
 We should maybe wind it down.
  There's two that kind of go next to each other, I think, potentially.
  One is from Sabs.
  The people want to know when y'all are coming back to Orlando.
  We don't have an answer for that, but we'd certainly like to.
  And right next to that, Kate Mollo.
  And I'm sorry, will Jason Sheridan ever give Lake Nona a chance?  I live there and it's not as bad as he thinks.
  Now, I was almost straying away from this, but being that.
.
.
  Here's what I'm going to do.
  I want to put these next to each other and say,  because obviously we'd like to come back to Orlando.
  We're trying to figure that out.
  But if we do that, I feel like at this point, we have to take Jason down to Lake Nona.
  We got to show you around.
  I'm sure there's great establishments in Lake Nona.
  I will happily give it a chance.
  Really?  We're waiting for where you step in it.
  Go ahead.
  Whatever.
.
.
  As video goes up, I'm going to look right in this camera.
  Oh, boy.
  And I'm talking right to the audience.
  Whatever point I was trying to make, I fucked up a long time ago.
  So I'm just along for the ride right now.
  So, yeah, I will do.
.
.
  I'll get a shot.
  I will go to the.
.
.
  It'll be exciting to see Lake Nona's $5 coffee  compares to Burbank's $5 coffee.
  It's all the same.
  Can I propose a question to Kate or anyone else?  Is there a venue in Lake Nona?  I guess there is live in Lake Nona?  Is there a venue that could house a little podcast show?  All right, a little homework for Kate.
  Let us know.
  Is it a coffee shop?  Is it in the middle of the lake?  Can they put an aquatic stage up?  Yeah.
  Is it something where the whole town.
.
.
  If we just put a couple of flyers up, the whole town will gather together?  Is that a certain level of teasing where I'll start to get upset?  Maybe.
  Will that lead to a certain level of teasing?  A certain level of razzing where I'm like,  I don't know what I did, but I feel real bad.
  No, what it's going to do is give you the best night of your life in Lake Nona.
  It's going to completely reverse your expectation.
  And by the way, the point you were trying to make,  which we never disagreed with, was you didn't want these Imagineers to have to move.
  And now you won on that one.
  They're not doing it.
  We think so, yeah.
  Maybe ever.
  They punted on that.
  They punted on that for a long time.
  So I think it's a perfect opportunity to divide the issues.
  That forced relocation is gone great.
  Now the place we can reclaim, we can reclaim the beauty and the magic.
  Now we can start fresh, fresh start.
  Yeah.
  You know, fresh start.
  We're starting fresh and you're hearing it more and more.
  And I think I think really what and I guess I shouldn't give this away on the podcast,  but I think that the podcast should start you coming on stage  and just chastising the audience for 15 minutes about living here.
  What are you doing?  So lights down, you're like in full like wrestling heel mode.
  I yeah, yeah.
  And then you get like visited by like an angel, maybe the mayor of Lake Nona.
  It's a full.
 Yeah, it's a full like it's going to be narrative.
  It's not even the regular podcast.
  It's going to put on a little play.
  I will go full.
  I will go full M.
G.
F.
  M.
J.
F.
 where like at the start of the eight minutes, the audience is booing me.
  And then by the end, they're like just cheering me.
  That's yes.
 That's what we would like.
  You want to do a turn like a double turn, not a double turn, a regular turn,  an emotional, a full emotional arc as you've had with the place  as you will end up at like from from despising to loving.
  I think it's I think it's beautiful.
  I think yeah, I think this is I think this is a great idea.
  If we can make this happen, I think it's something we should put on the high priority.
  Can we do a show in the husk of the like hip office space?  This was absolutely that might be the most that we have.
  I hear it's free.
  The roof of the building that the Imagineers were going to be working out of.
  If we can rent that the company like a Beatles, like Abbey Road rooftop.
  The Walt Disney Company decided it might not be pertinent  if the entire government and the residents of the villages  are just frothing at them out to get their hands on their employees.
  Yep.
 Yep.
 So I don't know.
  That sounds like a great idea and a great place to stop.
  We can't get higher than that.
  I don't think so.
 Podcast the ride live in Lake Nona coming.
  So, wow, we really cracked it.
  That's the way to do it.
  And artists, if you're a little stuck on what to work on next,  there's some great for sonas.
  It does well.
 The first one is.
  Yeah, I mean, I don't even I was thinking about that, too.
  And I feel like we didn't even have to call for that art.
  That's coming.
 They just started.
  People are like furiously scribbling as everybody got the pens out.
  OK, well, then do that.
  Send it to us on the socials at podcast the ride.
  Merch is available in our T-Polic store and in success.
  Maybe our for sonas will be on some merch and for three bonus episodes  every month, check out podcast the ride, the second gate of patreon.
com  slash podcast the right and also club three.
  We get one more bonus episode every month and where your participation  is always key as opposed to these post offices, which now we're shutting.
  Shutting by and playing.
  No more thoughts.
  Keep it.
 Keep it zipped.
  We talk next time as opposed to this.
  Oh, yeah.
 We talk about what we want to talk about,  not with loose suggestions, sometimes staying completely on topic.
  We're not going to talk about Everclear Sparkle and Fade album  that has the song Santa Monica and many other.
  You keep going if you want.
  You should just do a tear and people can turn it off whenever.
  Everclear released a song called Volvo driving.
  You just go Jason and I in the video.
  We'll just get up and go.
  Which will this live mic every ever clear song that he when he's trying  to have a single, he goes, Nana, Nana, Nana.
  He like puts that in every song.
  There's a part where he goes, there's like a break.
  Yeah, yeah, Nana, Nana.
  Like he is.
 Yeah, Nana's.
  And it's like his bag of tricks and he's done it.
  Jason, we got to go.
  OK, here, Scott, I it is that you have to leave.
  So I know I know I'm going to the bit.
  Scott, I think Garfield, please don't get crushed by the door.
  I play.
 I know that art is not only one.
  He's like the only original member of the band left at this point.
  So I don't really know what happened.
  I've seen Everclear twice.
  I saw them first.
  It was a show with Lifehouse, Matchbox 20 and Everclear.
  Everclear played second Matchbox 20, of course, was the closer.
  Lifehouse played opening and they had just got.
  Yeah, we're going to head out.
  Had just come out, which was a song that I do still kind of like.
  I think it's got a pretty good hook when it comes to the.
  I think you're really going to like this live version of Birdhouse  and your soul from severe tired.
  Matchbox 20 closed.
  And I will say this was, I believe, around the time of the third  Matchbox 20 album and which is actually a pretty good.
  It has bright lights.
  It is like she got out of town.
  That's the piano song.
  And it's it's they sounded great is really what I'm trying to say.
  Matchbox 20 sounded great and I haven't seen them for years  and I would like to see them again.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Baum, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
