 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, you're about to embark on a Grand Circle Tour of the Podcast Kingdom.
  You may encounter panoramic views of Tron characters no one can name, mice screeching like beasts  from hell, and a company founder plotting to kill God.
  Breeze into 2023 with the People Mover on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a podcast about theme parks that some might find slow moving  or long or meandering, but real fans know that's kind of the appeal.
  I'm Scott Gardner, shown by Mike Carlson.
  What a good reset for the new year.
  What a good mission statement for the podcast.
  Is this something-  A big qualifier?  A good qualifier.
  Is this something we replace?  Because in case everybody doesn't know, we used to be a podcast that was hosted by three  childless men in their 30s about theme parks.
  Not the case anymore, obviously.
  Two of us have children.
  So maybe what you've stumbled upon here is sort of the new tagline.
  I'm going to do that one every time.
  It was kind of a reference to today's topic, but if you think it generally-  I think it does, is what I'm saying.
  I mean, I'm being funny, but also now that I kind of think it's actually about the show.
  The true fans might have teared up when I said it.
  Yeah, that's right.
  That is how I feel.
  Jason Sheridan, what do you think?  Saluted their podcatcher app.
  Right.
  That's right.
  I'm getting that tattoo.
  That's it.
  Right.
  Well, then that is a good sign if that's the-  I think so.
  And in that case, we're talking about the perfect thing here today, the people mover.
  It's our first main feed topic of 2023 that I guess shares a lot in common.
  Right.
  I mean, it's a great thing.
  And I'm excited to be talking about it at the top of the year here because it is like,  it is at the same time, nothing and everything.
  You know what I mean?  Yes.
  It's like, you know, we love our rides with our robots and scenes and stuff happening.
  And we're going to talk about a ride here that has none of that, but we love it.
  I assume.
  I don't think there's a people mover hater laying in wake here.
  Well, it depends on how you describe like tiny baby show scenes and later versions.
  That's true.
  There are little things.
  There are little things.
  I hope that what I said doesn't sound like a slam.
  I'm just saying like it is a like comparatively to a lot of other things.
  It is it is gentle.
  It is low stakes.
  Oh, yeah.
  Low thrills.
  But what a wonderful attraction it is.
  And I'm excited to talk about it for a while.
  A Sheridan family favorite.
  Well, a Carlson family favorite too.
  I think everyone.
  You see.
  But my brother especially, because he didn't like roller coasters when he was younger.
  So my dad and I would ride Space Mountain and my mom and brother would just and later  when he was older, just my brother, like would ride the people mover over and over again.
  Yeah.
  And if you hit it at the right time, when it used to be a walk on, you could just flag  the cast.
  Like, hey, can I stay?  Can I?  And which worked in twenty nineteen too.
  It was empty when I wrote it in twenty nineteen and I did that.
  Can I?  Can I stay?  And they're like, yeah, sure.
  And they do one of those and they go, they like, you know, they give you like the cut  off signal to like, oh, my manager's here or like, oh, we're getting a little busy.
  My manager's here.
  Mr.
 Stevens is here.
  He was just behind me.
  He's going to be mad at me.
  I've got like not not right now.
  Sorry.
  Or like, no, please stay on.
  Did you get to see the manager?  Did the man look imposing?  Did he look like somebody who would like lay the smack?  Was it like some imposing looking people and ridiculous cast?  Was it like the boss on Deal or No Deal and like there's just a window with like darkness?  It's like who was the bond was odd job, the hat or the big guy?  Hat.
  Jaws is the big guy.
  Yeah.
  Oh, it's Jaws.
  OK.
  It was like it was not like Deal or No Deal.
  Monster imposing.
  Wow.
  Some six five six six manager of the people over.
  If that boy, if that guy's still there, if there's a listener who works the people mover,  he just grabbed Jason by the shirt collar and picked him up off of the.
  Ride and then threw him away.
  And also ranked him off of threw him off Rocket Tower Plaza.
  When he goes up to the loading, it's less of a speed ramp and more slow ramp.
  Yeah.
  I look, I've done the turn.
  I've done it twice.
  I've been to Florida.
  Of course, I've never done the Disneyland version because it was not there the first  time I went.
  Yeah.
  And yeah, we would ride it especially at night because obviously everything's better at night  when you're talking rides, especially outdoor rides.
  I feel like we did it three times once, which felt like, oh, my God, what a treat we're  getting here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Definitely more than once in a day.
  Maybe recently I have.
  I don't I don't recall.
  But for sure in the family trip where you're planted there for a while.
  Yes.
  What a great thing.
  And you something you know, like you can jump on while other people are doing something  or you know, everybody in the family can do it.
  It's a I don't know, it's a unifier.
  It's a brings people together.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, best.
  And one of the best like you can still do this even with the weight now.
  You might have to factor in the longer weight.
  That happens a lot.
  But get on right before the fireworks.
  Catching the fireworks from the people mover.
  Can we all do the chef?  Mwah.
  Like that thing like it once.
  What a wonderful.
  Yeah.
  Like that's yeah, that's great.
  I did that last time I was there.
  I believe I rode alone and I was happy.
  I don't want anyone with me.
  I wanted to be alone and watch the fireworks from the people mover alone.
  I know I've been on there.
  I know like when I was like 14 or so, I went on it alone.
  It is a great it's a ride where you can get some some solitude.
  Yeah.
  Get some work done.
  So we got some work done.
  Yeah.
  You can bring a laptop on there and nobody.
  I don't think.
  Sure.
  Well, we're done with you.
  We like it and we're good.
  We like it so much.
  Can I you know what?  All right.
  I was we're kind of right into the people mover, but I did look we're at the top of  the year here too.
  And the first topic of the year is a big thing, but I think equally important is the first  non topic tangent of the year.
  OK, I'm going to slide something in real quick.
  Please.
  It's not a Frank Marshall.
  It's not going to take up the whole thing.
  OK, I don't think I think only Frank Marshall raises all of our agitation that much.
  Operationally, this is perfect because the Florida one nowadays, from what I've read,  I haven't experienced it myself maybe once or twice breaks down a lot.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  A lot of pauses.
  Interestingly, last time I went on it, yeah, we had a long pause in a hallway where there  was nothing to do.
  I was really open there to be a walk off, but I didn't realize how commonly it just  stops for for a little while.
  So we're just going to it's going to be a short delay.
  So this will not be a walk off.
  But I this something's been sitting with me for for a little bit.
  And this is how I want to kick the year off is with a question that is a Disney related  question.
  I think it's a pretty simple question.
  It's a simple question for you too.
  Do you know Mickey Mouse's first words?  Not quickly.
  I'm trying to think of this sounds for this does sound familiar.
  Mm hmm.
  Mickey Mouse's first words.
  Now, when you say first words, do you mean the first words spoken in an animated short?  Yeah, yeah, I that's what I would have to be.
  Yeah.
  In terms of chronological Mickey Mouse material released into the world, do you know the first  and look, he and I don't mean sounds.
  Right.
  When you think that you think, oh, yes, Steamboat Willie.
  No, no, no.
  He didn't talk in it.
  He whistles.
  We know that.
  But it's one of those things you think you know, but you but we have no idea.
  And you don't know.
  Jason, any any thoughts?  I knew there would be like some fine print on.
  Is it like in plain crazy?  Is it like in another?  I mean, it's not in Steamboat.
  It's not in one of the it's not one of the primaries.
  I don't think it's not one that I knew offhand.
  That's why I thought it'd be interesting to bring it up, because we've we've found a lot  of great Mickey Mouse quotes over the years from I use the den to you asked for it to  go soak your head.
  Fresh boy.
  Soak your head fresh.
  I think we if I think it's been a good little mission of the podcast to find Mickey's most  notable quotes and what could be more notable than the first one?  This is something I found over the break.
  And I'll tell you how I found it and I'll present it in context.
  So by the way, this year, twenty twenty three is, I think, Mickey's ninety fifth birthday.
  So we're at it.
  We're at an anniversary year.
  He's he's as old as George Burns was when he died, I think.
  We're around there.
  We talked about Ronnie Burns.
  I think so.
  I think the Ronnie Burns episode is.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So about George Burns son, we just started.
  No, no, he burns more George Burns in twenty twenty three, though, for sure.
  Coming up.
  Wow.
  Not enough Burns content the first five years of the show.
  Very little.
  As long as we get to the Sgt.
  Pepper's Only Arts Club Band.
  Oh, yeah.
  Then I won't complain.
  No, but so we'll see what Disney does for the ninety fifth birthday of Mickey.
  But back in nineteen eighty eight, they celebrated Mickey's 60th birthday and they did this with  a very odd special.
  I don't know if you've seen this particular special, but there's a live TV broadcast that  goes awry and director Carl Reiner is furious.
  I don't think it's on camera, too.
  Everything goes haywire and then Mickey Mouse gets lost.
  And then it becomes about America's search for Mickey Mouse.
  No, I have not seen this special.
  I highly recommend it.
  We should talk about it more.
  Then you then you like traverse all these different shows.
  All the cast members of NBC shows try to find Mickey because they didn't have the ABC deal  yet.
  Cheers gang and family ties with some cousin, Oliver type character I've never seen before.
  The latter day cast member.
  It's really odd.
  But the main wraparound of it are from John Ritter, who's a news anchor in it.
  And he gives you a little Mickey Mouse refresher.
  And of course, you get the you know, here's his history and here's Steamboat Willie.
  You get the clip that you know.
  But then you get this and I'm going to say you're going to hear John Ritter and then  you're going to hear Mickey Mouse's first words.
  Then came the talkies.
  Millions waited breathlessly for Mickey's first immortal words on celluloid.
  Is he saying hot dog?  Yes, he's saying hot dogs.
  Wow.
  Mickey Mouse's first words were hot dogs.
  How did we not know this?  I don't know.
 It's crazy.
  Sung.
  I did not know that.
  Screeched, in fact.
  Here's what I think, though.
  I've seen that clip.
  But now I understand why I may not have retained what he was saying.
  Because if it's not, if you don't know that it's his first words, who cares?  Right.
  But now, by this point, this in the full context here, this is the short  The Carnival Kid, spelled with K's from 1929.
  It is the ninth Mickey Mouse short.
  So, you know, we're making a ton of these now.
  America's falling in love with this lovable mouse.
  When he finally gets to speak, what is he going to say?  Uh huh.
  He says, ah, yes, yes.
  A primal scream from a dirty carny.
  That's great.
  He was a carny.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
  He this is Walt maybe illustrating.
  This is an early iteration of him saying this is the kind this is the filth  that ruins America.
  And if I have my say, I will wipe this from the face of the earth.
  Yeah.
  How early did Walt's contempt for carnival people begin?  Like, this is also what we've discussed.
  We talked about it, I think, on the Red Red Robin episode of on our Patreon  is that Red Robin is now sort of a generic type mascot.
  Whatever.
 You don't think much about Red Robin.
  But in the old days, he was kind of like a stonery weirdo guy.
  Yeah.
 If you haven't heard this episode, we found the first picture of Red Robin  and his eyes are beet red.
  Right.
 He's high.
  Yeah.
 He's and he looks like out of it.
  His pupils are huge.
  Yeah.
 Why he was red is that his eyes were red because he was stoned.
  Right.
 So I feel like, again, the history of this, again,  the history of a lot of mascot characters as they start out as like weasels.
  Weasels.
  Not shady, shady, trustworthy roustabouts.
  Yeah.
 I mean, you know, he's also just doing his job here in a way.
  But the entire moment and for the listeners, he's those little sounds  you heard in between.
  I'll play it one more time.
 I got to.
  The the barks that you hear, he's stabbing a bunch of wieners on a grill.
  And when he stabs them, they all form a mouth that barks a note.
  The Franks are also screaming is what you're saying.
  Yes, they're barking.
  They're barking.
  These main hellish screams.
  And then he provokes five more screams through stabbing.
  The hot dogs are alive.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 So they are living hot dogs, which makes it strange  when then he goes to see his, you know, if not his lover yet,  then his dream lover, Minnie Mouse, who's presented in this as  Minnie the shimmy dancer.
  She is a carnival dancer.
  And he offers her a hot dog.
  And the process of doing this is that he has to coax a hot dog over  and get it to be in a bun blanket.
  And have we yes, have we checked in the year this came out?  Was that not standard practice for hot dogs?  Were they is that just something that we don't know about 80 years ago  or 95 years ago? Excuse me.
  The standards have shifted.
  Yeah, it's possible that it was like a lobster.
  Dogs like lobster.
 Yeah, they were alive.
  And you have to coax you to get to go into a restaurant  and choose your hot dog.
  It was alive and they take it in the back and cook it.
  Line them up, stab them and make them sing, whichever one.
  It's the loudest note.
  Yeah, it's the one for me.
  Oh, pre Geneva conventions.
  So like a lot of this would be considered war crimes nowadays, you know,  against the eating into an animal and just ripping its mouth off.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wouldn't maybe wouldn't fly as much.
  Well, speaking of that, if you think this is violating certain protocols,  then what happens is the hot dog wriggles away when many tries to take a bite of it.
  And then Mickey has to chase the hot dog down.
  And it's not just a matter of a tsk tsk.
  He punishes this hot dog and he does it by pulling the hot dogs  casing down like its pants, revealing a little butt.
  The hot dog has a little.
  Well, now I have not seen this.
  Mickey spanks the hot dog's bare butt.
  What Jason is speechless.
  I'm showing you a frame of this.
  You can see why we had our little break.
  I've been waiting.
 I need to get this out.
  This has been burned into my head.
  I have to like, wow, this image.
  So now let me ask you came across this because you were watching this old 60th  special.
 Yeah, I was what I was trying to watch an 80s special with, you know,  nothing but nice graphics and pleasantry.
  And then I find this 1920s horror show.
  Mickey has pulled the hot dog's little pants down  and is spanking its little hot dog butt.
  His pants, which are his body.
 Right.
  And just before that, there's a reveal.
  Minnie goes to get changed to pay for the hot dog and she pulls her leg down  like her black leg is revealed to be stocking.
  Oh, I've seen.
 Yeah.
  You see the top of her leg and it has big old hairs sticking out of it.
  OK, so Minnie's legs are hosiery and the hot dog can't get out of it.
  Hot dog casing is his pants and has an under butt.
  That is I'm looking at photos of this and it's really disturbing.
  And he's so angry also.
  Yeah, yeah, he's screaming at this.
  Do not fuck with this guy.
 He's screaming at them.
  These things look like really tiny little sand worms like.
  And this is the main feed.
  And I don't want to also get disgusted.
  They look like uncircumcised penises as well.
  These things are horrifying.
  I'm not saying uncircumcised penises are.
  I'm not saying those are horrifying.
  I'm just saying like in the context of a cartoon is something you're eating.
  You don't expect to go to a carnival and see four uncircumcised penises lined up.
  Right.
 And they're all like standing at attention,  getting screamed at by a mouse who can.
  Oh, here.
 You can barely understand why he comes up to Minnie.
  Oh, first of all, he walks up to Minnie and then takes off the top of his skull  like a hat and like tips his hat.
  Well, that's how I like that.
  Yeah.
 No, no.
  And was like, make sure you say that's good.
  That is.
 She did.
 OK, good.
  Yeah, because on the same page.
  So he's friendly.
  Lay look, Minnie, the shimmy dancer.
  I'm a nice guy.
  And then immediately pivots to screaming at the hot dogs.
  And now.
  And now.
  So sit down.
  It's not even get out.
  Even Mickey's.
 Yeah.
  Sit down.
 Sit down.
  Yeah, it sounds like Charlie Cha.
  It sounds like what's the what's the Charlie Chaplin movie?  I'm thinking of Gold Rush.
  There's a scene.
  There's a dubbed version of Gold Rush.
  I'm sure it's before where he did the voiceover later  because it was initially just a silent movie.
  And then he's doing like, get out, get out, get out, get out, said  Black Lawson, which was like the bad guy.
  So it sounds very old timey.
  Oh, sort of movie or whatever.
  You know what else is weird about this?  The voice is not Walt Disney.
  He is not doing Mickey's first words were not done by original voice.
  Walt Disney.
 He is voiced in this by Carl Stalling, the music man  who the composer who the year after this defected to Warner Brothers.
  Oh, wow.
  And created the Warner Brothers signature sound and their music vocabulary.
  That's such a huge part of Warner Brothers.
  So Mickey's first words were  screeched by a man who Walt lost the talents of, presumably.
  But at the same time, he lost a by works.
  Right.
 Right.
 And talent fly out the door.
  Sleeping two hours a night, like amphetamine out the eyeballs.
  Well, everyone says like, we need someone to scream.
  We we need the track.
  We need the voice over track.
  OK, someone do it.
  Music man, you do it.
  OK, he went and stabbed him like one of those hot dogs.
  Yeah.
 To the boys.
  Stand up.
  Ah, yes.
  It's just I just come back to it with all of these things.
  How like he's America's favorite man, the most famous.
  Well, you can go to the, you know, the like the deepest cave in the world  and people still know Mickey Mouse is everybody loves.
  And here's a clip.
  Ha ha ha.
  One of their first interactions with him was that.
  Yeah, this is this is the juncture where America feel like this guy's great.
  This guy, this this guy who screams hot dogs like a hound from hell  and then tortures a hot, a spanks a hot dog like an unruly child.
  More of this one hundred more years of this character, please.
  That's so much weirder and more interesting than most cartoons in the last 30 years.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  So things for children, there are plenty of nice stuff.
  My kid was sure none of it's now is going to have anything as inventive  as pulling your right off of your just it's body horror.
  It is body or for children these days.
  I saw there's this accounts across a bunch of social media.
  There is a group or a person who's restoring a lot of the Fleischer  cartoons, a lot of the Popeye and Betty Boop cartoons.
  And I watched a clip of one that they were live streaming.
  And it is so weird.
  Like she's in hell.
  People are making her sing.
  Everything on screen is bouncing like the Fleischer.
  Everything was always bound.
  All those wobbly knees swaying back and forth.
  And it's so far removed from the Betty Boop on tin signs that like  the the souvenir shop in like the kind of mall  that used to be an old mill at the tourism stop.
  The Antiques Mall.
  Betty Boop's the queen of the Antiques Mall.
  We're doing Boop this year on our second.
  This is great.
 Keep making these.
  Disagreed with one yet.
  I'm sure Boop is coming.
  I've got one that might drive everyone insane.
  OK, speed ramp.
 Speed.
  You mean speed ramp?  Speed round? No, speed ramp.
 Speed ramp.
  Because it became a marketing thing for Disney at some point.
  Take the speed ramp to Space Mountain.
  OK, it's just the you use it for the people mover in Florida, too.
  It's the it's the ramp escalator that would.
  They got you up to Space Mountain originally.
  Things.
 Yeah, I'm wondering.
  I really can't think of these existing in places outside of the Disney parks.
  And I'm like, there must be is that thing where I don't know,  but it feels like there's an inkling.
  My spider sense is tingling.
  Speed ramp.
 Speed ramp.
  OK, so singular speed ramp.
  Yeah, speed.
 Yeah.
  Ramp.
 Speed ramp.
  I mean, the other thing is the thing that I've been hiding from myself.
  Not hiding, but I've been like restraining myself from like there.
  This weird dark.
  Your dark.
 Some dark thoughts.
  I and I found it, which is the Ford Magic Skyway.
  I've never watched the full ride through, but there is an industrial video,  I think, from Ford that the capture the entire.
  The whole thing.
  One of the original one of the world's fair attractions  where you sat in a car that overlaps with this and we'll get to this.
  Well, we'll hear.
  We'll come around to the people over now.
  But I'll real quick to clear.
  This is a year that we do in that singing career.
  Sorry.
 Is there time, Michael?  In the year twenty twenty three, I think we're getting to a net.
  We just made a long list.
  And that's when it jello singing career.
  This is a thing that is coming that you've like you keep bringing it up.
  You've even you even use the phrase I'm calling my shot a net singing career.
  You dressed it up with this kind of like sports terminology.
  Yes, and we and we've and we've had all of these things  where like now the audience can suggest topics.
  We do it on Clovis three.
  There is there's never been a little.
  There's been a little swell for a net.
  I have seen a net popped up.
  Well, a little swell.
  But that's because people don't know what's coming.
  That's what I think.
  I'm not against doing it.
  I just think like sure, doing it would be great.
  But then we end Mike's plate.
  You're Kevin McCarthy.
  As well, that's true.
  You need to do fit 15 references of a net singing career and then we'll do it.
  That's true.
 Well, we could you know, we can go album by album episode for for album.
  So we're we're now booking.
  How many how many are we talking?  You got a good amount.
  I mean, like there was a Hawaiian net, which is a Hawaiian album.
  Listed Italian.
  Go ahead.
 List them again.
  Then there was the ones from the movies specifically.
  So also a net in Disney context, I'm sure we can find a ton of interesting stuff.
  Yeah.
 So you want to cover all the UNICEF things or the I think she was UNICEF  or that might have been Shirley Temple Black.
  But I'm sure they think that is well, Jason's calling a shot now.
  Shirley Temple Black, UNICEF, not Shirley Temple, the Shirley Temple Black era.
  Right.
 She was married.
 Post marriage.
 Right.
  OK, we'll keep calling shots as we go on this episode.
  We'll call more.
 Great.
 All right.
  Yeah.
 Well, let's call them out when you can.
  Anyway, starting the start of the year with hot dogs.
  But now to move to officially to the people mover,  AKA the Goodyear people mover, AKA the wet wave mover, AKA people mover  through the world of Tron, AKA people, AKA Tomorrowland Transit Authority,  AKA Tomorrowland Transit Authority, people mover.
  And that is I don't even know if that's I still might be missing one.
  There have been a lot of odd officials, but also unofficial names of this attraction.
  But you only call one thing really.
  I think.
 Yeah.
  I what my family occasionally  early on, I think we would occasionally call it the wet wave people mover.
  You would say you would do the full wheelie the way we got to the way people move.
  Yeah, because my parents went a number of times before we were born.
  My brother and I were born.
  And that's how it was always called back then.
  And then eventually I wrote it before the redo,  the 94 redo a couple of times, I would think.
  But yeah, every now and then we call it the wet wave people mover.
  Hmm.
 That's a kicks.
 That's nerd shit.
  I would.
 Wow.
 Now that's a shot called my call.
  Mike calling the nerd shot.
  Yeah, I'm not saying it's bad.
  I'm just saying that's that's some nerd cred.
  That's a nerd parents.
  Recognize game.
 That's all this said.
  I know canon wise, if it is called the Tomorrowland Transit Authority,  I've never in my life out loud called it to a person.
  Let's go ride the Tomorrowland Transit Authority.
  You want to hit the Tomorrowland Transit Authority?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  In Canada, TTA, the TTA.
  Yeah, the TTA.
  No, I've never called it that.
  Yeah, we've only said people over.
  My mom was obsessed with the people mover.
  So she always like early on, it was like we got to the people mover.
  But I had never.
 So this is a bit because it does go back just to  and we'll go through history.
  But seventy five in Disney World, sixty seven in Disneyland  and has not been there for a long time.
  But, you know, over on the West Coast, my mom loved it.
  So like an early one, like we're going to Disneyland.
  Oh, you have to do.
  It's probably part of my first visit.
  I'm sure yours too.
 This is like this was the original Soarin.
  I think was who did Matt Apodaca call Soarin the Josh Groban of rides?  Am I or am I attributing that to somebody else?  But it's a good quote because it is true.
  Everyone's mom, I know, loves Soarin.
  And it seems like it might be similar for the people mover as well.
  Yeah.
 Well, not I think, you know, it's a ride that that anybody can still do.
  It's very much in all ages ride.
  But then also they probably got to do it when there was less in the park.
  Yeah.
 Like not to say it's like still one of like I must do this.
  I can't be in one of those parks and not do it.
  But there in 67 and 75, this was like major.
  And among the primary attractions, it must have felt like a self-driving car.
  It must have truly felt very because you were in Tomorrowland also.
  So at the time when you went on it, it probably did feel like the future.
  It did feel like, well, I'm in this like tiny little square that's moving  and there's no one driving it.
  I've never been in something like this before.
  Like it must have felt really cool at the time.
  I think so, for sure, especially with the rise of like science fiction  as popular, you know, book genre and movie and TV genre and stuff.
  And then you see this futuristic looking thing, even though as it went on,  it progressively became more cage like.
  Sure, yes.
  Greasy, futuristic.
  Having Scott, I yeah, I guess I was wondering what was it like  growing up riding the Disneyland one until 1995,  where it was a steak was put through its heart, you know, it was Jason.
  It was wonderful.
 What can I say?  It was great.
 It was one of my favorite things to do.
 Yeah.
  One thing I don't really remember is if it ever.
  Oh, no, it did get a paint job.
  So I don't remember.
 I don't know if I ever did it with because it had  initially the Disney primary colors like the utopia, like the skyway.
  It was another one of those attractions where it's bright red and bright  yellow and bright blue.
  And then I like the, you know, the unified future vibe of it, too.
  But they're just they're delightful vehicles to sit in.
  It's that great Disney rounded plastic.
  It was a ride I could do the first time I went when I was three or so  and that I do every time and a long ride.
  Yeah, the the thing like and we'll talk about the things  that you can see on the people mover, but the one leg up,  I think the Disneyland one has had, oh, God, longer.
  And and some of that longer being  that you actually go out into the utopia slash submarine area  and your whizzing in and out of skyway cars and the monorail.
  It just made that whole, you know, that upper right corner  that we've complained about a number of times that feels a little  inessential these days.
  It didn't used to be there were four really pleasant rides going.
  Yeah, all tire five.
  Did I count submarines?  I guess if you in that.
  Oh, and the motorboats, there was such an active zone.
  I just I loved it.
  I love the kinetic energy of like all these modes of transit running at once.
  And you could see them all at once.
  It's wild to watch in the old videos on YouTube.
  Yeah.
 And we've talked about before, like  the train going through Splash Mountain or something  go rides going through rides is the greatest.
  And we've tried to break down why.
  And I don't know if we've ever completely solidified it, but it just  there's something about it that makes you feel like, I don't know,  like you're flying through you're like it's like a dream.
  I don't know.
 Well, it's less of a good investigative thinking about it.
  You probably have a better like emotional argument to it.
  I feel like maybe I admire it from like a planning perspective.
  You know, it makes you feel like, you know, you want to feel like Disneyland.
  And any theme park is one coherent vision.
  Well, that's yes, instead of, yes.
  Well, then this thing broke.
  So we put something there and we needed to do a movie tie in.
  So we put some of that.
  It's by nature a little more haphazard and places we live.
  Cities are haphazard.
  But the people move like this through line,  which is what it was supposed to be in the world.
  If it was a real public transit system, it just felt smart.
  Like, well, we have this store and this ride, but also we have the space  for this this little train thing to go through.
  And we built a new roller coaster, but we made sure it also leaves  space for the little ride to go through.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  The I'm trying to think like, I guess, like with the railroad even,  it does feel like that specifically.
  And I guess maybe with the subs to even the subs are the subs never feel  like Tomorrowland to me, even though they are.
 Sure.
  But it feels like especially like railroad to Splash Mountain and stuff.
  It's like the different worlds are connecting a little bit.
  You get a little peak, a little piece, a train in the river boat with all.
  Yeah, on it.
  Those don't really make sense together, but why not?  That's you get a little peak and you like zoom in and out.
  And then it feels like you're getting a diff.
  Also a big part of it, I think you're getting  views of things from different vantage points, which is because we all want  the walk out of the walk walk off.
  Yeah.
 Walk off is like the most desired thing is getting to see robots up close  or from a different angle.
  So when you get to see like the kick line on Splash Mountain from high up.
  Well, look at that's different.
 Sure.
 Yes.
  Perspective in the log think there's only one right to see this, but we  have smarted them.
 So the whole people mover is that going through things.
  And when you got to see like Space Mountain before you even were brave enough  to write it well, yeah.
 And before it was even done.
  I mean, this poster, I think is pretty iconic.
  The one in Florida that says preview Space Mountain.
  The scenic way way way people mover.
  And so they would use that the seeing stuff from other angles.
  It wasn't marketing technique.
  Yeah, and it were.
 It's great.
  If you had to synopsize the attraction,  if in case people have not done it or not super familiar,  my vague attempt would be that it's a it is a network  of little trains of little futuristic cars that give you a scenic  tour of Tomorrowland from an elevated vantage point, from the second story  that lets you see scenic views of the outside of Tomorrowland,  but also weaves in and out of both stores and rides and probably other  things you could classify.
 Yeah, I think that's good.
  I think there is a word missing from that description that is overused by me  on this podcast.
  It is a more intimate little train car, essentially, you know,  it can fit like your family and that's it.
  And it's open.
 It's much more open than generally than a train car.
  Not much more, I guess, but it just feels like that because there are only  a few people in there and it floats you by things from a high up perspective,  which is fun to be high up as Jason knows.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  So, yeah, you're on a tiny, intimate little train, futuristic train car,  squeezing through little tunnels, little tunnels.
  You know, could fit anything.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Seeing views that other people don't get.
  Tomorrow's transportation today.
  This is the Disneyland poster.
  Also, I think pretty iconic.
 Beautiful.
  The people mover.
 Look how much fun those people are having.
  The 60s, uh, mod characters are having.
  They've not been caged in yet.
  Mm hmm.
 There's a little more freedom.
  Yes.
 Open air.
 You're getting a breeze.
  And this is I like making the emotional arguments here because you start going  like if that, you know, that synopsis that we gave,  that might not sound like a ride that we all have a lot of like feelings about.
  But you start adding up.
 It's all the little things.
  One being like the breeze.
  You get a nice breeze on these things.
 Oh, yeah.
  And I'm less familiar with the Florida one,  but I know that the elements are crazier in Florida.
  You get pretty crazy heat and rain too.
  And with this, this is a ride that you can do and not be too affected by those things.
  That's that's great.
 Yeah.
 The breeze.
  Many times we've said air conditioning.
 Big deal.
 Breeze.
 Also a big deal.
  You get a breeze on a ride outside.
 Drop my phone.
 Excuse me.
  Uh, I also will say this.
 We just mentioned the height.
  I think of this thing's on the ground.
 We're not as excited about it.
  Who cares? Yes, absolutely.
 You know what?  And you know what? I think it's like something we've never talked about on the show.
  I don't know if I'm going to call a shot on this one, but we'll do it.
  OK, point.
 You know that thing?  The view liner 50s attraction, early, early Disneyland attraction  that was kind of next to the train.
  But it was a colder steel train, a future train.
  Yeah.
 Where you saw less.
  As far as I know, it was a shorter route  and you don't get to see the rivers and the critters and all that.
  It's just a like a grounded future train that barely goes anywhere.
  Unless I'm wrong and we look into it in the view liner was great.
  But if it was so great, why is it gone? Right.
 Good point.
  I think it's it's like the  there used to like early an early episode.
  I think I said Disneyland used to be dirty with trains.
  There were so many.
 You certainly did say that.
 Yes.
  And that was the little one.
  It's similar, more of a bullet train kind of look,  but similar to the one that Walt had in his backyard.
  I think they kind of squat sat on.
 Oh, is that right?  No, that's it.
  The view liner was this like unfriendly kind of steel thing.
  Because, yeah, there's another kind of.
  Yeah, the thing in his yard was a it was an old West style,  but you sat over the whole thing instead of an enclosed train.
  Can I say can I say this, Jason?  I'm sorry.
 I don't want to make you upset this early in the podcast.
  But when I was a little kid, I didn't care about the train.
  The Disneyland Railroad or Disney World Railroad.
  I didn't care about going on the train when I was at Disney World.
  Well, I wanted to go on the people mover all the time.
  I loved the people over.
  Well, I always love the people mover more the train.
 Sure.
  But I'm just saying I was not a train, a little train boy.
  That's fine, because the Disney World train,  practical for getting from location to location.
 Right.
  Good for like, OK, everything's got a long wait.
  And it's 100 degrees outside.
  We need to cool down somehow this train.
  There's no way for the train.
  A little boring than the Disneyland.
 Well, that's true.
 Yes.
  But I would say now, like, say we had a people functioning people  mover out here.
  I mean, I think I'm I go on the train if I'm with you and you want to go on it.
  I'm happy to do it.
  If I'm if I have my druthers, maybe every tenth  seventh trip to Disneyland is when I go on the train.
  Yeah, it's not that frequent.
  You got a little you got a little girl, not a little boy.
  I got a little boy.
  Well, we're going to do we're going to do the train a lot.
  Yeah.
 When we start going, she might super take to it.
  Yeah.
 But my boy loved it.
  Yes.
 And I'm not the whole thing.
  I can stomach a train ride if my daughter wants to do it.
  Yes.
 And it is.
 I guess you'll find when you go to Disney.
  It's very exciting to be at Disneyland with a two year old.
  But then like, what do we do, though?  There are a lot a lot of things not on the table.
  And the people mover would have been perfect.
  Yeah.
 It's such a bummer.
  I can't.
 I I'm sure we'll continue bringing stuff like this up.
  But the people mover, there's an article on mice chat from Sam Genovese,  the Disney historian we've talked about his books before.
  And this is where I'm sure a lot of plays say this,  but this is where I saw this number.
  The attraction could host up to 4885 guests per hour.
  Yeah.
 Could you imagine if we still had the people mover at Disneyland,  all those pieces taken off the chessboard?  Oh, my God.
 Save for crying.
  Nice.
 It's like a real public transit situation that would just like  that would like lift traffic away, hopefully.
  Like if it would do it in a city and it would do it in Disneyland.
  Yeah.
 Because that practical reality of the Disneyland people  mover, as I know it, is garbage.
  It's trash.
 It's just unused tracks, unused awnings, unused second levels.
  Because I never got to ride it.
  I don't have the affection for it that I do in the Florida.
  You were very when we were texting, you were very cold.
  You really I would like to talk about Disney World a lot because the current one is crap.
  It is tracks that are rusting away and I have nothing to say about it.
  I mean, that's true.
  That's also a bad habit of how I used to text at old jobs  where everyone's like sneaking their phones out, doing it real fast  and putting it away.
  Why are you doing it really fast and putting it away?  Because of the insane and PAA regulations.
  No, no, with us.
 Why are you secret?  No, it's a bad old habit I fall into when I'm trying to be clear and concise.
  So you weren't hiding your phone from some like people  mover manager manager.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Six five.
  Fred Gwynn.
 In my bed, I had made a little for research for it  and it was typing on my computer.
 Oh, my God.
  Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
  You made a little race.
  I'm a racing everything previous to this.
  So we have enough room to talk about.
  Please explain the little research board.
  I was just had pillows on for my back and Jason Jason.
  I hate to say slow, slow down again.
  How many pillows leisurely trip?  How many pillows? What type of pillows?  We need it.
 We need bed pillows.
 Great.
  So full size for three or four.
 Yeah.
  And you've got your arms.
 I've got my arms.
  Are you are you lying down or you kind of seated up?  I'm sitting up with a pillow on my back.
  One pillow is pillows is for Garfield to also sleep on.
  Oh, that's adorable.
 There's a little dog there, too.
  He doesn't even need the bed.
  He doesn't even just the bed is not soft enough for him.
  He needs a pillow.
 He likes to use a pillow.
  He puts his head on.
 I love that.
 Like a man.
  Sometimes we share a pillow.
 Oh, adorable.
 Yeah.
  OK, so he's on one of the pillows.
  You are propped up with one of the pillows.
  And then where the other pillow is being used for.
  I think I had my computer on one.
 OK.
  And was using a Bluetooth keyboard.
  OK.
 Wow.
  Because the MacBook Air keyboard makes my hand cramp sometimes.
 OK.
  Well, you need to invest.
  You need a minority report situation where you can pull up all of your  all of your screens and your websites and your Sam Genovese  and then just slide them around.
  Basically, yeah.
  If you can get we can get you a hands free way to.
  I mean, that's the way to take the research forward into the next century.
  Did you finish what it is or did you put you put like a blanket  over the top with a flashlight?  No.
 OK.
 All right.
  I was more just it was freezing out and it was pouring rain outside.
  So I was just cozy.
  This is interesting.
 We haven't talked about this in year.
  Whatever this is.
 Six.
 What are we doing?  I think so.
  I am I will sometimes like kind of like Cleopatra style,  I cross the bed with the computer and do my research like that.
  I don't plan out like what you're talking about.
  I don't always, but I was doing it before we recorded in a bed  with my with my cat bunny next to me.
  OK, like lying down like Jason or I think.
  Hold on.
 I was sitting upright.
  OK, sitting.
 Well, right.
  Oh, sorry.
 Sorry.
 I mean, like sitting sort of.
  It might have been similar.
  Hospital bed, hospital bed style, like slightly slight incline.
  Yeah.
 I end up on my like left side.
  It's a bad thing.
 It's my should probably hurt my shoulder and like my left abs.
  Whatever is left of them.
  I end up like kind of like leaning, doing stuff on the bed sometimes.
  That sounds very uncomfortable.
  You got to you got to invest in a fort.
  The fort is better.
 Yes.
  I agree with that.
  Please listen to any artist listeners.
  Please visualize.
  Let us see what what what you saw when Jason said research for.
  I love the sound of it.
 Yeah.
  We were.
 Yeah, we need to see it.
  We you you love to see it.
  But yeah, feel free to draw me like Cleopatra, though, if you want.
  And draw Scott with his little cat.
  With my little cat.
  Yeah.
 Well, I should post a picture.
  Wow.
 It's fun.
  We all research in cute little ways, different, cute ways.
  With animal comforts and with with cushions and the dog won't get up.
  My dog, he won't get in the bed with me.
  He does early in the morning.
  And that's it.
 He will not come into the bed until the next morning.
  He refuses.
 I don't know why.
 Weird.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
  Also, my note for you, Mike, would be grapes.
  You should get grapes.
 And if you.
 Oh, yeah.
  I mean, it sounds like the dog's uncooperative.
  So I'm this is dog.
  And I'm extrapolating way too far.
  But if the dog could serve you the grapes now, now we're fully a petromod.
  I would love that.
  And watch out for asps that your enemies may sick on you.
  Oh, OK.
 Bumper Carboys.
  The bumper carboys.
  But again, there are people move.
  Our episode is going to be way better than ours because we haven't heard of what that is.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
 OK.
  Let me swing it back to  from that to dry stats.
  Let's do dry stats.
  Would you that that number you said forty eight hundred?  Yeah, basically forty eight hundred.
  Anybody know what the current Disneyland highest?  You don't have to say.
 Oh, oh.
  But if you had to get the highest capacity attraction,  is it Hauna Mansion Mansion or pirates?  Is higher higher? Yeah.
  Any guess of the number?  Per hour longer than I did know this at one point.
  Is it three thousand something?  That's right.
 Yeah.
  Thirty four hundred.
  Yeah.
 Three thousand four hundred thirty.
  Not anywhere close to the people mover.
  Yeah.
 And that's right.
  Still feels a little like slow.
  I mean, it's like the length certainly helps.
  But then it's small world, not a mansion.
  The only two that are above three thousand are pirates in small world.
  Yeah, I should know that because the boat rides are slower.
  Yeah.
 So people are on the wire to ride.
  And they're important to have and the longer that they can be.
  And I think that when we did the Na'vi River Journey episode,  it didn't dawn on me until I was driving home.
  That like, oh, I think the thing that we I I wish was I wish it was longer.
  It is an average length ride for like standard theme park attractions.
  But for boat.
 Oh, yeah.
  Short boat is a short.
  Yeah.
 Or three times as long.
  You know what? Yeah.
 Well, Matt, my whole note was just more scenes  and moods and changes.
  And I think our notes go hand in hand.
  If there was just but it doesn't the whole ride does.
  I saw a roadie.
 I don't know if we specifically said this, but I think  I saw a roadie saying that the ride was born out of.
  We have extra space in the flight of passage facility.
 Right.
  So it was almost an afterthought in a way.
  Not to that, you know, that's not fair to that ride.
  But, you know, roadie implied that a little bit.
  So, you know, if they ever built a new Pandora,  which they should given the smash success of by a wire.
  Let's get it into the other parks.
  Let's get it into Disneyland forward.
  I want hotels demolished and I want Pandora built.
  I want small businesses out of business.
  I want your shopkeepers.
  Yes.
 People on Harbor out of business.
  I want Bob Iger to rule Harbor Boulevard and everything around it.
  Tony Roma's gone.
  Don Stevens in Dr.
 Stevens in.
 Yes.
  But in video, a lot of those restaurants are the chain.
  Let's get rid of the chain.
  If it's a mom and pop, it's doing its best.
  Go on.
  Oh, yeah, you're right.
  You're right.
 You're right.
  Yeah.
  Go mom and pop.
  So you're saying in the same way, the little man of Disneyland Golden Book,  where they explain to a little man that he lives in the place  they're going to build Disneyland and it's going to be great  if you just stay here and make a deal with us.
  Maybe mom and pop, they just build Pandora around them.
  Say they have a diner.
 Sure.
  You build the Pandora around a little diner and let mom and pop still run it.
  Well, now we're now we're in the Pandora spirit.
  Right.
 Because, you know, the interlopers shouldn't kick out  the people who live there already.
  So that's, you know, and the land of Pandora is post war  where humans and you're getting along.
  So, yes, that's it should be post war where Disney and Harbor  residents are getting along.
 Right.
  But Disney has taken over.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 First things first.
 Yeah.
  Pandora.
 Inspire that cold stone to be a better cold stone.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
 It'll be good for the cold stones.
 Bad.
  And well, when we do the Harbor Hohdown,  no, which I'm calling the shots for 2025.
  Oh, great.
  Let your daughter get older and then we'll deal with the Harbor Hohdown.
  OK.
 Anyway, look, high capacity.
  I what else is like a important.
  Oh, I know.
 I know.
  Mike, you already said it, that the if it's on the ground,  maybe you don't care.
  But in the in the air, you more than care.
  That's the that's good.
 Yeah.
  It's I and it's not just that it's elevated.
  But I think so.
  You know, this attraction comes in in 67, the first time that they radically revamp  Tomorrowland, and it was a little chintzy before.
  It was a little unfinished before.
  And it's all these like Monsanto exhibits that are half thought out.
  And I don't know.
 We need something to fill this room.
  God, just someone give us money and you can do whatever ad you want in here.
  That now Tomorrowland in 67 is actually thought out.
  And I think at that point, it gets a big leg up the other lands  because you think about the other lands,  Main Street, there's all those windows up there, but you can't go up there.
  And it's built with seven eight scale or I don't remember the scale.
  But, you know, it's fake fantasy land.
  You can't go up into the windows with the queen or whatever frontier land.
  You can't go into the offices above the Golden Horseshoe.
  This is the only land with a second story.
  Yes, good point.
  It just like dimensionalizes it and makes it this this full little town,  which they really ran with in the 94 redo.
  Tomorrowland isn't just this hypothetical fantasy world that it is.
  It is an actual bustling metro.
  There's so much of my childhood and I assume a lot of kids,  whether they've thought about it or not, is spent playing video games  and going to places that have some promise, but you can actually enter it.
  Like, OK, here, let me say this better.
  Main Street is a great example.
  You want to go in every store on Main Street when you're especially when you're little.
  You want to believe everything is real.
  When you see the exterior of certain houses or when I went to Santa's village  and put out Santa's house, I want to go in Santa's house.
  It's a facade.
 You can't go in it.
  Playing the especially early video games.
  You want to be able to go in all the locations.
  You want to feel like you have a complete access to this whole world, but you do not.
  Yeah, so there's so much of it.
  So when like we didn't have Toontown in Florida,  so when it was like Mickey's birthday land and you could go in Mickey's house,  that idea is so attractive to a kid.
  And what you're saying makes sense with Tomorrowland,  where you get the extra dimension of it.
  Yeah, that you don't get in the other land.
  So you do feel like it's a little more real than the other place.
  More like a city.
  A city isn't just one level.
  And that's it.
 Yeah, sure.
  A city has a second level at least.
  And it finally got it.
  You want to feel like everything's infinite.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And it really helps with that.
  And you really you feel the the lack of it.
 Right.
  I think one thing when it opens in 67 is that it is part of OK.
  The 67 Tomorrowland is PeopleMover, it's Adventure Through Inner Space,  it's Carousel of Progress, and it's the Rocket Jets.
  And the Rocket Jets are put on top of this platform  on the on the third store.
  We have a third store.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 So Disneyland is expanding upward.
  And I loved that so much that there is this tower that is a ride sandwich.
  There are two rides on this same structure.
  And you talk about your kinetic energy.
  You got a ton there.
  And now that they've let Tomorrowland go to hell and the PeopleMover is gone  and they moved that, they changed it from rocket jets to Astro Orbiter,  which is now on the ground.
  Who cares? Just like you said before.
  Why would you not want it to be up super high?  And there's that weird sculpture, quote unquote, that doesn't even move anymore.
  They have taken a tower that was a ride sandwich that had two rides on it.
  And now there are zero rides on it.
 Insane.
  You go to Disney World.
 What do you get there? How many rides?  You get the Astro Orbiter on top of the PeopleMover.
  It still looks great.
  Ride sandwich to two to zero.
 Yeah.
  It's it's how could you let how could you let a situation  transpire where it goes from two to zero?  This is one of the strangest decisions.
 Yeah.
  I mean, you know, it's it's it is a Baxter choice.
  We know I don't look I don't want to put this on him.
  I mean, the Astro Orbiter thing.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean, look, I possibly I think so.
  They would again to use the will say this kinetic energy is again.
  That was the idea is that the hub and being right would attract  now that these jets are flying by.
  And look, the Astro Orbiter is great in Paris.
  So he's coming off of that.
  He's like, it's cool there.
  So it'd be cool here.
  And then what you lose is that the crazy thing about that tower  in Disneyland is they just stripped all of the rockets and the ride parts.
  Right.
 Of that.
  And then just put a bunch of satellite dishes on it and painted a gold.
  Yeah.
 Used to it was cool when it worked for a year.
  Yeah.
 I don't do it anymore.
  Any version of it when I first came in 2006, maybe in 2007,  it would play like a medley.
  It would play music and it would rise and fall like it.
  We're still doing it.
  Then they were doing it.
  I think that the whole the tomorrow that tomorrow and redo,  I think that most people involved the lack of budget, you know,  rocket rods, of course, not working.
  But I mean, everything, I think the whole thing, there was some regret,  just like there was a lack of budget in general.
  So I think there were probably people would make different decisions  if they had to do over again.
  And I think Disney World got in there right on time.
  Their 90s redo was kind of before everything got shut down so thoroughly.
  So they got the money and it and it shows what a like incredibly built  and fleshed out world it still is.
  And yeah, pretty well received.
  Aging pretty well.
  Comparing videos like, oh, yeah, it's a lot more of the old blues.
  They've gotten rid of a lot of the neon purple and greens.
  They've taken down some of the fins.
  But it still looks pretty good.
  Yeah, it's still pretty still mostly coherent and looks like it.
  It used the theme that it used.
  You know, the the, you know, I think Tomorrowland in Florida  at the moment gets points for having a people mover.
  Tomorrowland in Disneyland gets points for having the more pleasant  Space Mountain certainly experience.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  Disney, although World might get the bump when they get the fucking Tron coaster  and they have to roller coaster.
  That's pretty big.
 I am.
  I don't want to tangent too much.
  Has everyone seen the video of this weird Florida holiday space mountain?  Incredible.
 No, it is wild.
  No, it's like red and green lights playing loud Christmas music  while you're on Space Mountain in Florida.
  And I don't know that it works, but boy, did I want to try to do it  because it seems so strange.
  It is just like techno Christmas carols at 11 turned up to 11.
  Insane blaring.
  Whoa.
 And it's so weird looking.
  But I'm like, this is I want to do this.
  I only learned about it this year.
  Apparently they do it at the Christmas parties.
  And then the week leading the week around Christmas, everyone gets it.
  Like, that's the exchange for the Christmas parties.
  It seems like an overlay done with absolutely no finesse whatsoever,  which is why I like it looks awesome.
  Like kind of like it's it's a little stupid.
  It's very stupid.
  I think it's like, you know, it's cosmic bowling, just like champion.
  UV lights.
 And now it's right.
  It's a teen experience like the Star Wars overlay for the Space Mountain out here  feels like they did their very best to figure out ways to subtly put in.
  It's still like there's obviously it's not perfect,  but like they really figured out like ways to do things and make, you know,  lasers from an X wing look kind of like, you know, alongside your car or whatever.
  This is nothing like that.
  This is like a blast.
 Some fucking music.
  Wow.
 This is like music like also is it?  I'm trying to think.
 What is it like tubular bells like a techno or something?  It's man.
 I'm steamroller.
  I don't know that it's that.
 But like, yeah, we should.
  We'll find a video of it.
 I'm not sure.
  But it's it's I'm so like blown away looking at the video of this.
  The overlay feels like a cast member  like comes up to you while you're on the ride vehicle and goes,  what color you want the lights in there?  And you're like purple and orange and they're like, great.
  All right.
 Can you give me your iPhone and just like get yours?  Give it a Spotify playlist.
  Whatever you want to play is fine.
  And I'd be like, all right.
  And like, that's how much care it seems like, which now makes me want  that version of Space Mountain, which I guess is like the rip ride rocket  or whatever, but even more personalized.
  That's music that is not synced in any way.
  Just there is no sync.
  If it's cool next to the ride, then it is.
  There should be like a vote.
  You collectively vote on what color you want the lights.
  And then just like you turn around and be like, anybody got a Spotify  playlist they like and somebody just raise their hand and then  that's what you're listening to on Space Mountain.
  OK, we're listening to the Pitbull mix.
  Oh, my God.
  Who is it? You have three to tango.
  His song about a Menage  trois with a music video that has John Travolta in it.
  Yeah, I got it.
 All right.
 Great.
 Perfect.
  OK, great.
 And then we'll unload a timber.
  When timber starts, it's time.
 Oh, man.
  Pitbull needs to be on Space Mountain.
  That would be so good.
  We've all been thinking it.
  Yeah, I that's a that's a more difficult shot.
  That you're calling, but maybe it will be worldwide.
  Mr.
 Four of five, right?  Miami is not that far from Orlando.
  You know, and I don't even think that matters.
  I think he's so universal.
  I think he's got to be.
  Well, that's the issue.
  I think I think he's so universal.
  I think that's where his allegiance lies, because he played a great match of  Duff Beer Pong, giant book, Duff.
  Oh, right.
 With Jimmy Fallon in a clip that only I remember.
  All right.
 Well, that's true.
  OK, well, we'll figure out a spot for him and universal.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So there is a major theme park IP waiting to be grabbed and it's it's Pitbull.
  Oh, man.
  Do you want to go backwards and talk like where this  comes from a little bit?  We've made the we've made the emotional argument.
  But how do you end up with this ride besides that?  It is the bit the first big redo of Tomorrowland and a major one,  one that gave it the bones that kind of that it still has and that  Disney World very much took over.
  But it has its roots in the ride that you were mentioning earlier, Jason,  the Ford Magic Skyway.
 Yeah.
  Where that is a ride that we do have to do this one.
  It's so weird that you would sit in a Ford car.
  And I guess they actually this answers.
  I was always wondering, like, is the car on is the car in neutral?  But this is the well, the answer is this right system.
  There's a conveyor belt.
  Apparently, this goes back to the 39 World's Fair in New York,  where they give people test drives and Fords.
  But they have to wait in hours long lines because there's only so much track  and only so many cars.
 Ah.
  And so when I think John Hinch went and toward like the Ford facility  with Walt, they were like, oh, look at that conveyor belt with those ingots on it.
  You know, look at those look pretty heavy.
  What's an ingot like a piece of metal, like a metal like like a bolt?  So along the lines of I think bolts and say I'm not 100 percent sure.
  I just saw the phrase ingots, but like a big hunk of metal.
  And they're like, well, that can hold pretty big hunks of metal.
  Do you think it could hold a Mustang?  Hold an entire car.
 That's pretty cool.
  And then it was like, I really need to know.
  Well, like, well, I may well do it soon.
  You to like it is a you're in a 60s car  that is on a car conveyor belt that is taking you to see dinosaurs.
  What a strange ride.
  I sort of wish that they had just gotten to move that ride  lock stock and lock stock and ingot to Disneyland.
  Because like because everything else from the World of World's  Ferrets again, Small World Curacao Progress,  Lincoln, Lincoln, right, right.
 Yeah.
  Those all show up kind of as they were at the 64 World's Fair.
  Tower of the Four Winds garbage.
  Go right away.
  I did not bring it over.
  Throw it to the wind now.
  And in pieces, some of that ride made it.
  The dinosaurs made it to the train tunnel that they did not do the full.
  You sit in a car and see dinosaurs, which I wish they did.
  I think the reason that they didn't they were like, well,  we'd like to do something like this, something that with this ride system,  which was very innovative, where you were in a vehicle that does have wheels  and the wheels are propelling you forward.
  But it's not there is no the engine is not on.
  There is no engine in your vehicle.
  And it's in it is the track that is doing all of the work.
  Yeah.
 And a specifically a bunch of spaced out tires  that kind of grab your tires and propel them forward.
  And then when it needs another boost, you go past another set of tires.
  Well, what I read, because I think that was on the table like before.
  Do you want to sponsor the people mover?  Well, at that point was using it as a test for a public transit system  in the first version of Epcot.
 Right.
  And there was resistance from the Ford people of we do not want to sponsor a ride  that shows the future of transportation is not our automobiles.
  And that is, yeah, that's that's electric.
  It doesn't involve the motors and engines.
  Yeah.
 But tires.
  Well, Goodyear tires are happy to sponsor this tire based ride.
  Of course, Goodyear tires will be the key to great public transportation.
  Of course, there will have to be Goodyear tires involved.
  So Goodyear gets involved.
  I think we talk about what our parents used to call it.
  I don't know that my mom did, but I think I think a lot of people  in the 60s and 70s would call it the Goodyear people mover,  even though it was not ever specifically called that,  but it was heavily branded enough.
  But yes, so it also the idea is right, is to showcase this real idea  that Walt has for public transportation.
  The you know, he there's this  this this master plan that he made in this thing, Progress City,  which then is part of this attraction.
  You see a big model of Progress City.
  And his whole notion was that cars are not part of the downtown of the city,  that monorails do the heavy lifting.
  Those take you those do like the big traversing of distances.
  But then going from building to building are these little people movers.
 Yes.
  And another part of it was that he I think he said,  and well, you know, I'll just temporarily call them people movers,  but you guys will come up with a better term.
  And they did not ever in this term stuck.
  Now it's kind of a generic term that's used by others or whatever.
  Yeah.
  Because I've written people who is all over the place in Vegas at the Newark Airport.
  Yeah, I've written the one at the US Capitol.
  There is one under the US Capitol connecting buildings.
  But that'll come back around later.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Airport with the George Bush Intercontinental Airport.
  People mover.
 We could pause on that.
  But anyways, yeah, no, there's things that are probably monorails,  but you end up calling people movers.
  Yeah.
 Usually it's shorthand for like this looks like a monorail maybe,  but it's automated.
 There's no conductor.
  It's funny if Walt had lived in like because we've the only way  Walt ever got to make his like super villain city  that was the original Epcot was if he lived and forced  probably the company in a bankruptcy destroyed everything in pursuit of like  his perfect city.
  But it feels like there's no way that would have been like lobbied into the  ground because of the fact that cars were not an important part of it.
  Oh, you're right.
  Like cars are such a strong lobby that they've decimated public transit in so  many different places.
 Yeah.
  And keep it from keep things from actually being efficient.
  Will they be underground where they couldn't be seen?  The cars would.
 Well, that's true.
  And the, and the exterior you could drive around, I believe, because that's,  well, let's call our shot original Walt Epcot special this year.
  Somebody needs to like, this is me.
  This is me using the audience as a personal assistant, which isn't fair,  but like somebody make them down someone out there.
 Yeah.
  We talked about that Epcot special when we did the  anniversary.
 Yeah.
 We've been,  okay, next year, maybe the Epcot's the hour long special.
  Where he is like on death's door.
 Like,  it's it, but, and it's, if you watch it, there's like,  I swear he says something about weather controlled city.
 Like he says something  where you're like, uh, wait a minute, what was that?  It's as if he said like,  and we have a death ray and the death ray will shoot at other cities.
  And you're like, wait, hold on.
 It was, what'd he say? Like,  there's a few of the, a few of their little drops,  despotic stuff.
 We have our own military for this city and we will attack other  cities, American cities.
 If we have to, our own sun.
  The cold war is heating up, but if I have my druthers, you know.
  Some of the buildings can move.
 They have legs and they will,  they can get up and walk to other cities and kick other cities, buildings.
  Some skyscrapers can cry.
 I'm not going to explain how,  but they can feel feelings.
  May have already killed God in advance of this city.
 Your new God is commerce.
  God is buried under Epcot center.
 Come to Florida and visit God's grave.
  Jason is just chocking on his drink.
  Lost his tea.
 And we're not breaking.
  We're going to hear him suffer through this because of Scott's, Scott's tagline.
  All right.
 All right.
 Jason's going to recover on the air.
  He's going to fight through it.
  He's going to need a long time in the research for tonight to decompress for that.
  Oh, glad there was cinnamon in that tea.
 That was great.
  Oh, that's why.
 Yeah.
 You're getting spiked in the throat.
 That's a tough combo.
  Jason just swallowed a bunch of cinnamon.
 Didn't even get to drink it.
  Took an unwanted cinnamon challenge.
  Yeah.
 I did a cinnamon challenge every other episode.
  Um, yeah.
 So look, yeah.
 Bizarre super city with God's grave.
  Um, yeah, there's, there's, there's an odd sound to it, but hey, at the same time,  weather controlled with, hey, with everything that's happening now, what,  and what do you call these crazy rains that we're getting, right? The scary term for the  rains currently.
 I mean, other States are getting it worse, but like direct or the Arctic front.
  Yeah.
 What are you, I forget what tunnels or something I felt.
 What is it?  Oh, I don't know.
 What is this weather term? But, um, I don't know, but look, hey,  in general climate change, wouldn't we kill for weather controlled city right, right about now?  Yeah.
 If you have the magic, whatever is magic weather changing ray was that he had.
 Yeah.
  It would be great.
 Really is carrying out the dream, but Dubai.
 That's true.
  That's where we all need to go is that's true.
 Live in weird Dubai malls and theme parks.
  Well, we can get the free tickets to the Warner Brothers world there.
  We can, we were offered it.
 We were not a free trip out there, but  listeners put this on the list.
 Let's follow up on this.
 Why did we forget about the free tickets?  All we have to do is go to Dubai.
 That's right.
 You and me with our toddlers and Jason will climb  the building with his Twitter account, whatever news stories from Jackman he's supposed to.
  I want Jason to climb that building that Tom Cruise did in ghost protocol.
  I forget what the name of the building is, but if Jason could do that, reenact that scene,  he can have a short bungee.
 Not like all the way down, but we'll give you like five stories.
  All right.
 Fine.
 It's so convenient here in Dubai.
 They take your passport right when you get off the  plane.
 I must keep it warm for you.
 They must hold onto it.
 I'll be here at the airport when I return  to re-achieve my freedom.
 Surely.
 Okay.
 Where the hell were we? I know I was like,  all right, we're going to demonstrate this public transit system, but it's also going to be a ride.
  It's great.
 It's relaxing.
 It's one of these great Bob Gurr inventions.
 Of course, the system of it  is cool, but I think the little touch is the coolest thing, at least about the Disneyland one.
  Tilted roof.
 It tilts when it comes back into the station to let people in and out so they don't  bang their head on the top really hard like Weiger did on Mickey and Friends when we went for Dough  Boys.
 Oh yeah.
 You guys were in for that.
 I heard about this.
 It's got a concussion getting off the  tram.
 Poor Weiger.
 Apologies.
 Geez.
 Wouldn't have happened.
 Even clumsy Weiger would have been able  to enter the people mover without issue.
 Right.
 So it's, you know, it looks great.
 These little  innovations and you get to go through these, you know, you're seeing the line of adventure through  inner space, which becomes Thar Tours later.
 And the big like midpoint thing to see on this route  initially was Walt's vision of the super city, this gigantic model of Progress City, which is  now, which ended up moving to Florida where it remains to this day, correct? Yes, it is there.
  That is a portion of the model.
 That's not the whole thing.
 It's not even the whole thing.
 Yeah.
  Oh my God.
 So did Disneyland have more of it or did it stay at the Imagineering or something? I think  at least at the World's Fair when you would exit the Carousel of Progress, you would see this massive  model.
 Wow.
 But I don't know where it's fully ever been exhibited after that.
 I think, well,  at least Disneyland for a while.
 And it shows you this cool future city with the transit moving in  and out.
 And it also shows you churches.
 It asserts that there are churches and specifically  Catholic churches really near the city center.
 I was looking at a website showing all the details of it and like, oh,  all right, the Catholic church is represented in Walt's Super Village City.
 Wow.
 And it was just,  they're just Catholic churches.
 There's no other.
 There may have been, there may be other types,  but I think the only specified one.
 Interesting.
 Again, I could be wrong.
 I don't know if it's,  I don't know if they wrote out Catholic in little letters.
 I would believe it.
 Once you can hear  voices saying, now we actually believe that it is the body of Christ and not, it's not a metaphor,  not symbolic.
 Well, when we go through this Epcot video, there might be a quick thing where he goes  and Catholicism, which is the only sect of Christianity that's correct.
 Like you're like,  what are you saying? Like he's on to the next thing.
 And you're like, I don't even think he was  Catholic.
 Yeah.
 What was he? He was not.
 That was my question.
 My next question.
 I was, I think it was  kind of a, I don't want to say lazy Protestantism, but a lot of them are like I, they were that,  yeah, I don't, I think they was like a generic God, generic Christian.
 I see.
  Well, I'm calling our shot figuring out what religion Walt was in 2023.
 What religion, what church did he go to?  What were his praying habits? Yeah.
 Let's figure that out.
 Did his children remain in the faith?  Right.
 Did, there's children's children are, do you know Walt's grandchildren? Are they going to  church right now? If not, what can we do to get them back in there? Okay.
 He was a member.
  The family was a member of a congregational church.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 What does that mean? I don't know.
  Honestly, it asks more questions than it answers.
 Questions that need to be  answered in another episode.
 It does sound like, cause we did Walt's polo injuries.
 So what is the  Walt's religion? Walt's religious gods.
 Walt's God.
 Yeah.
 That's the name of the episode.
  Okay.
 Going in.
 What's God? He had a strict religious upbringing, but never attended church  during his adult life, believing that the love of God was all one needed.
 All right.
 That's pretty  convenient from the website, Mickey news.
 Sorry.
 Walt Disney believed that all you needed was God's  love.
 Huh? The man who like, uh, invented all the ways that every corporation has revenue streams  today.
 They devoted congregationalist Christian.
 Hmm.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 I don't know much about  the congregationalist church.
 Well, we're putting the PTR microscope on this year.
 It does seem like  a generic enough term that like Reverend Lovejoy was a congregationalist.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's another,  what kind of Christians were the Simpsons? I say were because I don't think they're spending a lot  of time at church these days.
 Yeah.
 I was going to, yeah.
 Do they go to church? Um, you know,  they probably, you know, cause they probably need stories with Lovejoy, right? And it was in the  movie.
 Right.
 Um, so somewhat I'm sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We just don't, they, they, they're not as many  serious church scenes to steal a doughboy's observation.
 How much the early show is about  them.
 Oh yeah.
 Going to an enjoying church.
 Um, so, uh, you see a model of a city that has plenty of  churches in it.
 Um, but then that disappears, that moves over to Florida.
 So what do you do in the  middle then? Because mostly, look, this ride isn't about, uh, the cheap thrills, right? It's about a  breeze in your face and a leisurely little tour through, through mostly the outdoors.
 But when the  carousel of progress building is built, now there's this big empty space that the track has to pass  through.
 It used to be filled with the model, but, uh, what do we fill it with now? And this is where  the middle beats of the original people mover start coming in.
 Uh, 1977, Jason, you were showing  some of those posters and I'm going to show one, um, oh wait, well, before I say that, um,  uh, very thoughtful present from my dad.
 When I graduated college, uh, and I'm moving into a  house with my friends and he's like, you need real art.
 You shouldn't have crappy posters up on the  wall.
 Like it's a dorm.
 So I'm going to get you some nice post or artwork, whatever you want it to be.
  And I will frame it very great, thoughtful present from my dad.
 Uh, and I said, oh, you know what it  should be.
 Cause it combines silly with actually cool visuals, the Disneyland attraction posters,  like you see under the, under the train and then that train tunnel, um, which then made me think,  well, how do I narrow that down? What posters of all that great artwork, which ones do I want to  see every day? Uh, and I chose haunted mansion, the iconic hitchhiking ghost poster.
 And I chose  people mover ride the people mover through space mountain and the fantastic super speed tunnel.
  And I still have this up in my office.
 Um, in this is a very exciting poster that is very minimal,  but also really conveys motion because there's our people mover car, but now it's like being  sucked into a wormhole all the way in the, in the back of the frame.
 And there are race cars whizzing  by and so many lines indicating speed.
 It's a dynamic poster.
 I still really love it.
 Um,  I, and then I was curious, wait, well I have this poster, but then I don't know what the super speed  tunnel was other than, you know, it's, it's a big empty room and they project stuff on the walls.
  And now it looks like there's race cars going by.
 And I think I just said it because I think so.
  And I looked up message boards where people were asking, did anyone ever bother to film this?  And other people said, no, cause it wasn't good.
 It did not really work.
 It was kind of like the  speeds just felt weird more than anything.
 The projections weren't good.
 And it did not live up  to the promise of the very exciting poster.
 Uh, unfortunately, but I still like the idea of it.
  And that's like early simulator stuff.
 Right.
 Yes.
 And that, I mean, the early, like I still, when  they doing like trying to find inner space videos, it's like so hard to figure out what's going on  in there.
 Those are incredibly obtuse.
 Yeah.
 And understand because people didn't have phones to  film everything very clearly.
 You had to rely on like old eight millimeter cameras or whatever.
  And that's still, I think thought of pretty fondly for people that went on it.
 Definitely.
 Um, but  this, yeah, this, especially if no one had a good equipment and the thing looked like shit, yeah,  forget it.
 And that's like, you know, what, what camera do you have in the seventies that can film  a movie off a wall? Right.
 That's, that does not work.
 Yeah.
 Um, but then so super speed tunnel  doesn't make it very long.
 So, but then in 1982, they switched to something much more exciting.
  And that is then man, and they add a sign that now makes the ride, uh, perhaps technically casually  called people mover through the world of Tron.
 This, because now this is the first Tron attraction  was this brief moment on the people mover.
 Yes.
 And in the sound of it, I think it does like  the, cause there's video of this and it lasted a long time.
 It was there till closing.
 I, cause I  remember I definitely went on this.
 Oh yeah.
 That makes sense.
 Cause I think the video I watch was  nine, it's like 1990.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 And that's, yeah.
 So, so this was not, this was not an elaborate  theme of the people mover, but no, they already had an empty room and projectors.
 It's something  to interrupt the music.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Please for a lot.
 The very pleasant music that plays for  a lot of the rest of the ride.
 Oh my God.
 Wait really quick.
 Cause I go for these.
 I like,  I can't not, um, wait here.
 The, the YouTube user, if you want to look up, okay.
 The Disneyland  Wedway people mover music collection as posted by Steve K where you will hear the most pleasant  library of specifically early seventies, like music library tracks, easy listening, this stuff.
  Let me just recommend what I did.
 If you can imagine, which was crack open a nice bottle of wine,  listen to the entire, all of these library tracks pay, but I'm going to call that shot for you,  the listener.
 If you want to chill out and, you know, make like Jason build yourself a little  for it, but don't, you don't have to do any research.
 Just put on this beautiful, this,  this wonderful music and just, just quick hits of this.
 This is the, I think the first one  by Tom Elliott called March.
  Shh.
  And then that right into your writing on the highway in the sky, Walt Disney's vision for a,  oh, the best.
 This is like, this is a huge part of it to me is this.
  I agree.
 And there should be, there should still be hints of that places in the park.
  And I'm trying to think of there are, I don't, I feel like the only place that they're like  main street will always have the old time music, but not that type of old time music.
  This kind of music is tough.
 We want match game era horns,  Herb Albert like style.
 Yeah.
 Oh, Herb Albert's a perfect name.
 So yeah,  I'm like, it's like, like we want those little hits.
 Yeah.
 It's not big blaring trumpets.
  It's Carpenter's who I don't know how much I've expressed my love of the Carpenters on this  podcast.
 Love the Carpenters so much.
 They filmed a really pleasant music video in Disneyland in the  seventies, which is a rare thing to do to film something that isn't a Disney ad there.
 And Richard  Carpenter played in main street also, like in that Coke corner kind of area.
 So I think like this  music is very Carpenters.
 They're synonymous with like the good sides of seventies Disney-esque  Americana.
 Just this vibe is so great to me.
 Because the Carpenters came up something very  much like up our alley, Jane and I got really into watching the Carpenters variety show,  the TV show, which is alphabet themed, like A through Z.
 So they would have to come up with  intros to segments with the, it is wild.
 What is an example of that? I don't, I, well,  obviously they're songs.
 Like they would use, you know, song title, but then like other just like  moments for like xylophone is just a light comedy pattern.
 It's very strange.
 It's like,  what could you possibly do besides xylophone? You got no other options.
 You're doing a music special.
  That sounds good.
 Is that a shot? Are you calling that? I don't, I don't know.
 I,  you know, got to twist my arm to do some Carpenters.
 Do you guys know the Carpenters  space song? We must've talked about it.
 At least I don't know actually calling occupants of  interplanetary craft.
 I don't.
 They made a song about aliens and how like aliens are  beautiful and reaching out to us for peace and harmony.
 It's like truly like a dropping piece  of music that you think maybe you're putting on as kitchen to laugh at it.
 And by the end, you are  weeping like it's avatar way of water.
 Oh my God.
 Inter species harmony.
 Love the Carpenters.
 Glad  I got a chance to say it.
 That's great.
 Scott, that, that YouTube channel you mentioned with the  people mover audio also has tons of inner space stuff, like stems, like stems and music for that.
  Right.
 I think that and like the people mover, there's a bunch of other videos and it says  tomorrow land 20 55 stuff.
 So I don't know.
 I just, is there, can you think of a place that has any  where with that seven, that seventies vibe that's left in any of the parks with that? Just music  wise, any monorails play anything like that? I don't think so.
 I hope somebody correct me if I'm  wrong, but it feels like that's a little piece of retro that should live somewhere.
 Some of the,  the mute, the tomorrow land music loop that I love so much, uh, that you can hear in the people  mover in Florida has elements of those songs, but a lot of it's more techno.
 We, it's more like  eighties and beeps and boobs and I like all that stuff, but there's that breezy seventies horn  that's missing.
 Yeah.
 Something I don't like about some of the more recent Florida music is it just  feels current to me.
 So it doesn't have like the magic as much of this, like that just places it  in an era in tomorrow.
 And tomorrow, and tomorrow, and our Epcot are really the only spots that it  would still be appropriate, I guess.
 Probably.
 Yeah.
 So I guess it would, yeah, it would have  to just be somewhere in there, but yeah, no, that's, that's vibe is missing from the park.
  Preserve the easy listening.
 We need it somewhere, at least just somewhere, some little  Cartesian gardens type corner.
 If there's anywhere that still exists like that, uh, please love this  music.
 Anyway, that was all a sidetrack from the Tron then another, uh, something I like equally  as much as the carpenters.
 Uh, so this is, I mean, this aesthetically boy early, uh, people mover.
  I love, but I, I'm glad you brought up the music because what I'm going to play is the  interruption of the music with a very jarring, quite different.
  Just a sightseeing, uh, too much of it, but yeah, who's complaining.
 Yeah.
  Prepare for the game grid of Tron.
  Then just weird whistly, nothing, um, very strange, very like extreme right turn in the vibe.
  And another thing about that is the master computer program is not what the thing in Tron  is called.
 Yeah.
 I was going to say, what is the master control program? I know this only because  I made a sketch about Tron, the 1982 Tron holiday special, which combines all these  vibes that I like the great retailer and, and, uh, uh, Aaron, my wife is in this video and she  was like, Oh, I remember that because I kept saying the wrong thing and you had to correct me.
  No, no, no.
 It is.
 I think she was saying master control.
 Wait, what else would, what would the P  be? I don't remember.
 She got the other word wrong.
 Uh, master control panel maybe.
 And I said, no,  no, no, the iconic character master control program, who's the kind of like squat tunnel  of light with a face, right? Yes.
 The villain of Tron or like the zoo, the pre Zordon of power  ranger, like so Zordon voices, very Zordon in a big tube.
 Yes.
 Same deal.
 Um, I want to say I  consider myself in the like higher rankings of Tron fans.
 And yet I didn't know that what that  character was called.
 And for a long time, even well past me considering myself a Tron fan,  I didn't know if Tron was a character or a place or a thing.
 I truly did not know even saying  through the world of Tron.
 I'm like, so Tron must be where you go in the movie.
 No, no.
 Tron is a  guy played by Bruce box lightener.
 But again, I don't think that's what it's about with Tron.
  I think Tron is all vibe.
 Tron is aesthetic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Which is Ron is a way of life.
 It's a  feeling.
 It's not a movie.
 It's like a lifestyle, a word.
 Yeah.
 It's a lifestyle.
 It's got motion.
  That's what Tron Tron's bigger than the two movies that are okay.
 That are just okay.
 I don't really  care for the, I know Tron is not about the movies.
 Are you right? Right.
 Certainly what people are  hoping, what Disney is hoping for the ride, like don't worry about the movies, ride the roller  coaster.
 And they, it's true.
 Yeah, it's true.
 That's going to be the most popular Tron thing.
  Honestly, perfect.
 You do not even have to ask like, why would they make a ride out of these  movies that are okay? No, you're, you are, you're overthinking.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's neon lights and  stuff.
 It's great.
 I think the cartoon series has more passionate fans than the movies.
 Oh yeah.
  That's supposed to be cool.
 Right.
 It's got a really interesting look to it.
 And it came out  around the time of Tron legacy.
 Yeah, I should check it out.
 Um, but anyway, uh, oh, and then he,  then like, all you do is you go through a big tunnel that projects just footage from the movie  Tron, which is great.
 It's like this, the whole, the trippy sequence when you enter the computer  world and then the, uh, the light cycle, the original light cycles sequence, which is so great.
  And then like right at the end,  clang, clang, you have escaped Tron's game grid for now users, but take heed next time.
 You may  not fare so well.
 Anyway, forget about all that.
 Forget that noise.
  Also, it's also funny because he doesn't say like a play.
 He doesn't call them like players.
 He  calls them users, which is funny because I understand what he means, but it just sounds  like he's accusing them of being like use, like you're using me or something.
 Like, oh yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's not, I don't know.
 It just, it strikes me as funny, but maybe that's just me.
 Very strange.
  It all, it all made me think like, first of all, you know what, you know why this is important.
  And I bet Tron like locked into me because of this and my love of this kind of aesthetic and neon.
 I  mean, I know loving kind of like retro future eighties aesthetics comes from going to Tomorrowland  as a kid, but like this must've been a big one where like that tunnel was kind of scary, right?  Three years old.
 That's not like going on, you know, Mr.
 Toad or small world, right? Like being  in this big spacious gray tunnel with these kind of like imposing digital effects and a scary voice,  it was like maybe my first entry into a scary Disney vibe.
 Oh yeah.
 The listeners know I've  had trouble onboarding with the whole length of doing the podcast with my launches and my splash  mountain struggles.
 But I think it's maybe cool.
 Like it is a, it is a Disney, it's a ride that is  scary.
 The little kids could go on and get, get that little blast a Tron.
 Right.
 There's only a  little small part of it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So that's a nice, yeah.
 You get, you see a light at the end  of the tunnel.
 You're going to be out of there pretty quick.
 Yeah.
 That's interesting.
 Yeah.
  If you could ease kids into the scare, cause most of the rides that are scared, like all the dark  rides, which are scary for a little kid, a little scaredy kid.
 That's right.
 I don't think I said  on the show, we did try.
 I forgot that Mr.
 Toad has, I just listed it as a pleasant attraction,  but I did take my two year old on it and forgot, Oh right.
 Train comes at you dark, hell loud.
 Oh,  he was so upset.
 And it was even, it was a last minute flip.
 Do I do Alice or do I do Toad and  boy did I fuck up.
 That was the wrong choice.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you'd probably be scared  of Alice too.
 Um, maybe, but it's, you know, but it's less scary.
 I think the turn I like,  and I was on it.
 I was on a different vehicle than, uh, him and, and mom and, uh, and I was  behind them and I was like, Oh, Oh wait, train.
 Oh, this is probably scaring the shit out of him.
  Well, I hope he is not red in the face and weeping when we get off this thing.
 Sure enough.
 Oh God,  Oh God, Oh God, Oh God.
 No.
 Yeah.
 I was much older.
 I feel like I was five and I hated every dark ride  except for Peter Pan.
 Cause I think it's just cause of the distance.
 It felt like either there  was enough room space between me and the characters.
 Oh sure.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Cause I love that.
 I opened  my eyes on that and I want to go on again, but it's too long.
 So we didn't go at the time.
 You  did not want intimacy.
 I did not intimacy fear.
 I feared it.
 A fear of intimacy.
 So now I've tried  to embrace it in my old age.
 So that's, that's what I'm working on myself.
 The shot you've slowly  called.
 That's right.
 Anyway, you know, like there's, there's not much else specific to say about,  about the Disney and one, cause then you're just, you know, then you get this leisurely tour through  the, like through the outdoor part, through the art toby part, which, which is so, so pleasant.
  What else is there to say about it? Well, they, I think we've said this before, but I,  apparently the reason is so this eventually was replaced by a ride called the rocket rods.
 If you  don't know, it was a fast version of the people mover.
 Cause it was on the same track.
 It broke  down a lot.
 It was, this is one of the most, I guess one of the most prominent disasters, I think  as far as like a big hype new thing that pretty quickly went away.
 And if you haven't guessed yet,  that's its own episode.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's not this episode.
 We will deal with that as, as a thing,  but what I also, were you heading somewhere? Yeah, I was just going to say that if you're one,  so yeah, we've made mention that these tracks are still, a lot of them are still up.
 So you go like,  why is there track here? Nothing is running on it.
 Especially right down the middle of,  as you're entering tomorrow land from the hub, from the castle area, you were like, it's, it's,  it's covering you.
 Like it's, it's so present that first big people.
 Right.
 And so people,  I think have often said, well, why don't you just put the old people mover back up? And I guess the  track has decayed so much at this point that they would have to like completely redo all of it.
 And  what's the stand? What's the OSHA? Thank you.
 The safety regulations now are such that you couldn't  fit the cars in the tunnels because people could touch the walls too easily.
 Right.
 So now you can't  do a new version of it because it would be against the rules.
 Like stuff that gets grandfathered in  is okay, which is really funny.
 If they left it running all these years, it would have been fine.
  Right.
 Which doesn't make sense, but I guess that's the way it works.
 So we have, there's stuff at  Disneyland that I think, yes, is grandfathered in as far as like ride code or whatever falls  under building code.
 But because of this dumb reset they did, because we talked about it a little  bit.
 There was the, there was a rumor that this year, a big D 23 of course, and parks announcement  would be the people movers coming back and even just something with tomorrow land.
 Obviously we,  we need, we want and need something to happen there.
 And they're even teasing a daddy tomorrow  is teasing us by making the speech where he keeps saying tomorrow.
 I know it's this awful  like we're being strung along.
 I know.
 And then nothing is said.
 Of course there's no people  move.
 I'm seeing bloggers so confident about why I saw a guy in a hard hat walking around over there.
  We must be getting a new people mover.
 Well, that was the before the pandemic that was like,  you know what D 23 tomorrow.
 Here's what I think we saw Joe roadie up on the people over track.
  The multiple people telling us we saw Joe roadie around the people mover track for a couple of  hours to be very, he probably was working on a tomorrow land redo that just didn't get green  lit, but still it's just, it's a, how many Lucy and footballs do we need? And now I'll call my shot  podcast, the ride episode, fixing tomorrow lands.
 Yeah, that's a big, that's coming.
 We will fix it  in the hypothetical Disneyland, Disneyland.
 Yeah.
 Land is in, or I'm sorry, in Disney world.
 I,  yeah, we're still in, we're still in pretty good shape, but we've, you know, obvious this comes up,  there is some tomorrow land complaints, uh, maybe every other episode.
 I don't know.
 I don't know  how often, but we've never completely focused on it.
 And there's a lot of tomorrow land things  that we have missed.
 And in, in terms of a broader call of shots, I think 2023 is the year to deal  with tomorrow land.
 Exactly what you said, Mike, um, we, over the course of that also, how did we  get here? What is the stuff that happened? Sure.
 Yeah.
 Uh, and you know, where are the tomorrow  lands that did it right? And what can we learn from those lessons? What were the tomorrow lands  that never were? Um, and certainly this bizarre thing, the rocket rods that ripped the guts of  this pleasant ride out of Disneyland.
 The only thing I want to say about the rocket rods is that  the, the, the sound of the people move for a very pleasant aspect and then still in the Disney world  one.
 Um, it's just this like, I mean, it's silent mostly, but also if you're on it, there's just  this kind of like nice clunk, clunk, clunk.
 You get those as you're like going past the little,  you know, the what's giving you speed.
 Um, and that's so much part of the pleasantness.
 It's  little clunk clunks and it's this music that is so great.
 The rocket rods was like a ride based on  leaf blowers, leaf blowers.
 The ride could not have been more just like the awful, like it was  like a fog horn play through, uh, amps that were turned up to the point of distortion, horrible  sounding ride that then would like speed up and then have to stop and just crawl past the turn  because they couldn't afford to make the turns.
 We will get into all this.
 We'll deal with it  because I didn't do the rocket rods and I have rocket rods thoughts.
 Oh, you did.
 I did.
 Yeah.
  Um, it's, uh, it, it was interesting.
 I were like, it had a real, it had a vibe to it and, and, uh,  I don't know.
 My thoughts might surprise you on it when we get to it, but let me, you know, as we're  winding this one down, pause on that, we'll explain, um, this is a quote from theme park tourist.
 They  did a good article about people, the people mover, uh, in some ways the people mover proves that not  every starring attraction has to be a thrilling e-ticket, perhaps the most appropriate lesson to  learn from the case of the people mover is one of the oldest adages in the book.
 If it ain't broke,  don't fix it.
 Absolutely.
 Look at the mistake they made.
 Basically, here's what I'm getting at.
  In the nineties, there was a juncture point for all the tomorrow lands.
 And there's this question  of like, well, but tomorrow is here.
 How do we keep tomorrow and fresh forever? And Disney world  went one path and Disneyland went another, the Disney world path, the people mover is still  there.
 Everyone is smiling as they get off it.
 Uh, new elements have been added to it that are a  lot of fun.
 The people mover is like a key part of the story of nineties tomorrow.
 And in Disneyland,  they added leaf blowers, the ride it broke after a year.
 And now we have rusting tracks and have for,  but, oh, that's, this is the, why it's the year of tomorrow.
 And this year, 25 years since that  redo, since tomorrow land 98, uh, it has been this bizarre way for 25 years.
 I don't want to  go another 25.
 Something has to be done.
 The PTR boys are going to put their heads together and fix  it.
 If they, yes, if we have to bring a hammer and nails to tomorrow and to start working ourselves,  we will ingots ourselves.
 We will fully map out what the ride is.
 And the three of us will build  it by hand with drag Bobger down there with us.
 He'll, he'll shout directions at us and we'll do  it.
 He, uh, tomorrow land 94 and tomorrow land 98.
 It is literally the two face coin.
 One is the  nice ed and the one is carved out, scratched out.
 And they, I bet they thought they were doing it  because 90 really Florida got lucky because the imagineers were like, well, let's do something fun  for, for here and for Disneyland.
 Yeah.
 So they kind of got lucky.
 I think, I think, you know,  I wasn't ultimate and we'll probably, we should try to learn what should have been with that 98  redo.
 Uh, and there were a number of plans for that, but I think even the one we got, I think,  I think Tony had a good idea for it and it just stayed budget cuts and corporate greed, you see.
  And I'll call another shot.
 We're going to get Michael Eisner this year and he'll tell us  what he was thinking.
 Oh, this is the perfect time to get him.
 When we're talking about the,  the folly that's often prescribed to Michael Eisner and Paul Pressler looking for getting him on the  show.
 Spensive rides.
 And that was a big impetus for closing.
 We would love to talk about this  with us.
 The episode will mostly be about bazooka Joe, which he owns, but it will have a Tomorrowland  section.
 Okay, great.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We're going to learn.
 We're going to find out what we're going  to hear it straight from the horse's mouth.
 Wait, so not the horse's mouth from the very handsome  man's mouth for the mouth that is aging so well, please come on the show.
 We need you.
 Uh, anyway,  well, is this now you're probably looking at the time code and thinking, what the hell, this isn't  the podcast, the ride that I know it's over.
 No, no, no.
 You see, we are, we're making a bank down  all other tunnel that you didn't know about.
 We had a feeling this was not going to be, we had,  there's going to be a lot of people mover to go.
 So at this point there is a split much as there  was with the different types of tomorrow lands.
 We now split off here and over on the second gate,  we are going to deep dive into the ins and outs of, uh, the, the Florida version, which Jason is  chomping at the bit.
 I, it's one of my favorites, the tomorrowland transit authority.
 I was fully  prepared coming in today of like, all right, Scott knows a lot more about California.
 I'm sure he's  written it a bunch.
 I don't know anything about it.
 I just know the history, but I know the Florida  one in and out.
 And then I learned there are a lot more things I didn't know about Florida.
 Boy,  a boy there in the texts about it, there was the, there was the brief mention of like, well,  maybe we do this one and then we do a shorter one.
 And then Jason like, well, no, that one's going  to be longer.
 It's going to be much, if you guys, you guys need to be okay with sitting around for  a while, because this is going to take a while.
 Do we even want to do like a lighter, sillier  episode? Because this is going to be an intense one to do.
 This is what Jason is promising  on the second day.
 I thought it was very constructive conversation.
 I thought it was  very collaborative conversation.
 I mean, Mike at the time was holding like a fire extinguisher  in one hand and a baby in another.
 So he was kind of out for it.
 But, um,  I was, yeah, it was a busy morning for me.
 I remember checking in on the thing and I had  the baby in the hands and I'm like, what is going on here? And there's like, I was like, all right,  we'll respond to that.
 But I have a lot of texts.
 The baby has been very upset lately.
 The baby has,  and sorry, we also did somebody burn a roast in the house.
 Did I miss something?  Did you have to, was somebody's boss coming over for dinner and you had to put it out with a fire  extinguisher quickly? Well, not figuratively, not literally.
 Um, so yeah, anyway, we, we, we got there.
  Okay.
 Yeah, yes.
 We know the plan.
 So we veer off at this point, but a lot of promises made,  we're going to solve tomorrow.
 And part of that is going to be discussing how did people move her  Florida do it better, how they do it right.
 And why is it a stalwart that remains there to this  day? So look for the episode tomorrow, land transit authority, a different thing.
 And by the way,  let me, in this discussion, this was my thought.
 I did text tomorrow land transit authority be  its own thing.
 That's what I found odd is that I said that and the answer was not yes.
 The answer  was many more questions and concerns.
 Well, I think that answers your question  because I remember I was, I remember going insane, trying to cram in a monorail like Florida and  monorail.
 Yeah.
 This is a specter that comes every once in a while.
 So one of you guys says,  well, remember I was stressed out.
 We were trying to do all the monorails and what I was in.
  So I know I see it comes up in therapy every four months.
 You think I don't deal with this.
  What we did to those poor monorails flashback.
 Well, stuff often comes back around.
 You never  know when things are going to bubble back up and it's best to address them and not let them lie.
  Absolutely.
 Well, and it's, and clearly it is best to, uh, split topics into as many subtopics  as possible.
 The show is all about, but it is really what we have learned the show is about.
  And with that, you survived the first main feed podcast, the ride of 2023, a lot of promises made,  a lot of fun stuff to do.
 Uh, so to check out tomorrow and transit authority and was well as  three bonus episodes every month, check out podcasts, the ride, the second gate, uh, at  patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride where you'll also find club three, the upgrade where you get  one more bonus episode and the main feed ad free all that at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  Um, it's going to be a fun year.
 I think we're, we're in tomorrow.
 We've arrived in tomorrow  and we hope it's a great big, beautiful tomorrow.
 I agree with that and, um, more,  we'll do some more content about.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
 For more original podcasts,  please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest forever dog news by  following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
