 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains complimentary high brow candy, new rules, a sandwich squatter,  and a Texas sized grab bag of topical theme park topics like new universal parks and new  Disney red tape.
  Yay.
  It's podcast the ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride where one of my co-hosts has slipped by for months without  me noticing that his Twitter bio reads, the little wooden messy boy of podcast the ride.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  I will let the listener guess who, which of as I introduced Mike Carlson.
  I'm here.
  Mike, was that your bio?  No, that's not my bio.
  I did not write that I'm a little wooden messy boy.
  That would, I would not do that.
  Well then that leaves only Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Well for years it said the messy boy of podcast the ride and then maybe when we were on blank  check or when Griffin was on our show, I was called the little wooden boy.
  Yes.
  So I just, you know, peanut butter and jelly to great tastes that tastes great together.
  Peanut butter and chocolate.
  I guess this is, this is peanut butter and poison.
  This is, this is a ghastly phrase that you've just had.
  You've publicly will it like used as the primary way to get to know you.
  You have used this, this, this insane concoction.
  I just don't, it's been right under my nose this whole time.
  I didn't see it till earlier today.
  Like, well, we got to get right into this.
  I also included this audio program as well.
  You mean the link to what we're doing?  Yeah.
  Oh sure.
  Well that's good news.
  But this is, I don't know.
  Here's what, because I wasn't a big fan of the messy boy.
  I think I've spoken about this on the show.
  You're anti messy boy.
  Little, little wooden boy made me laugh.
  This I liked, but then you put it all together and you know what's weird is that I think  if it was the other, I think if you switched it, if it was the little messy wooden boy,  then wooden boy is the primary aspect.
  But the way you've structured this keeps messy boy the main thing and then wooden and messy  next to each other.
  There's just some like, there's some connotations to this.
  If it's keeping you up at night, I'll gladly change it.
  I don't think I was thinking that hard.
  Hey Jason, don't back down.
  Oh, okay.
  Hey, stand your ground here.
  Oh, you want me to not change it?  Well, I'm just saying we're starting this.
  This is the start of this discussion and we don't know how it's going to come out on the  other side.
  I don't want you to give in just yet.
  And I haven't lost sleep about it yet.
  I've only found out about it an hour ago or so.
  You like something and I saw it and like, wait a minute, this has been waiting for me  here.
  I think you should add a couple more words to it.
  Oh really?  Do you have any pitches?  What could even be in the league of these words?  Messy and wooden, yes.
  Okay.
  Let's see.
  Is it like naughty maybe?  Well, naughty, I don't know.
  We're getting awfully risque.
  The naughty, messy, wooden boy.
  Yeah, but I like naughty better than rambunctiousness in this regard.
  You recently-  Wait, but there was, don't forget your lifelong go-to word, Ramy.
  Ramy.
  Ramy might get into here pretty well.
  Yeah.
  The phrase is unnerving.
  That's true.
  Support, great.
  But I do like it when, I like it on Jason's profile.
  So I guess I'm not saying I don't necessarily.
  Okay, all right.
  I just needed to air it out.
  I needed to like get everyone's feelings.
  Here's what, I'm trying to remember how messy boy came around.
  Yeah, I really don't remember.
  I've forgotten twice as much as I've remembered on this podcast.
  Is that even from the show?  Is that something you just invented on your own or was that something-  Where it was from the show?  Maybe it is.
  It feels like it must have been.
  I think I added wooden recently.
  Yeah, well you had-  Pinocchio, we all loved.
  Yeah.
  How about I'm a widow stinker after, in like kind of baby voice.
  Parenthetical, like in parentheses?  Yeah.
  I'm a messy little-  The widow wooden, Ramy, messy stinker.
  Yeah.
  The boy thing is, you're hold up on that.
  That is, yes.
  I've spoken, I've been, wherever this came from, I'm a little something boy.
  You do it, it's out there in the world.
  I mean, I could easily do it with my interests.
  I'm a little wine boy.
  I don't like the sound of that.
  I am a person who likes to drink some wine from time to time.
  This is an adult way of presenting thoughts and ideas.
  What about-  The little something boy just implies you're like, you're like, driving in it.
  In this case, I don't know, that you're like, rolling around in mess.
  I'm a little sippy wine boy.
  No.
  Me drink.
  Oh, sippies.
  You manage to, you keep finding ways to punch these.
  Yeah.
  It's not punching up or down.
  It's like a hard straight right.
  Yeah.
  Punching them into disgusting corner.
  There's a-  Punching them into the gutter.
  It gets into a weird territory.
  It's adult, yeah, it's adult baby talk, which I think is generally unnerving.
  I think that's what we're going for and that's why I'm pushing it even more towards, I think.
  But Jason's, yeah, Jason's profile is the most-  You looked up what my profile is recently?  Yours is a call to, it's part of your effort to get a Batman Forever sequel made.
  Oh yeah.
  My profile on Twitter recently has changed that I asked if anyone's a producer, please  get in touch with me.
  Atria, small business hero.
  No, no, that's not.
  You're looking at the wrong Michael Carlson.
  It says, please contact me at michael at batmanforever2.
com.
  Do you have that address?  Do you have that domain?  Is that an email address I own?  Really?  Yeah.
  Well, this hasn't been talked about.
  No, it hasn't, yeah.
  Wow, wow.
  Does that mean, so you, do you then own the domain, batmanforever2.
com?  I own the domain of Batman Forever 2 right now.
  Geez.
  Wow.
  That is a thing I own.
  I did it, it was maybe late one night.
  Is your thought at this point, let's, here's a dark thing to address, the current state  of Val Kilmer, which is very sad, but it led to this real moment of heart that I think  people really liked in Top Gun Maverick.
  Do you think that is it dealt with in a way, like, do you have to do the same?  Do you just maybe like, okay, well now that scene happens 10 times.
  If it worked for Top Gun Maverick, then we just blow it into infinity.
  It's a good question.
  I think really what I was thinking is that we would sort of reassemble like, dialogue,  Val dialogue, like the Mark Hamill Mandalorian scenes where he's young Luke Skywalker.
  Oh, sure, yes.
  Just deep fake it.
  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
  So, cause I want everyone, honestly, maybe everyone is young and then my Batman Forever  2, just deep fake everyone so they look like they're from like 1997.
  Well, another kind of elephant in this room is Nicole Kidman, who is just like forever  now associated with the AMC.
  That's right.
  That's true.
  That's her most iconic, it managed to top Dr.
 Chase Meridian.
  Right.
  As the main thing Nicole Kidman will be known for.
  Which do you find that, do you think that helps or is it distracting?  Like do you need to get her back into the 1995 look?  Well that's what, yeah, that's what the deep fake will be for because yeah, I don't think  people will be confused now.
  They'll be like, well, what's this, a psychiatrist?  But this is the AMC lady.
  And they will be just very confused at that.
  So yeah, I want it.
  I mean, the movie will be have so much tech, like so much CGI, it'll technically be a cartoon.
  It's really what my vision for it is.
  It could be nominated for best animated.
  Best animated.
  Yeah.
  Even though technically it's live action, it's actually more technically a cartoon.
  So everyone will look just like fresh from 1996.
  So we'll have to like scan in everybody's face, like via movies, like from that era,  like whatever.
  Human show Jim Carrey was at 97.
  So scan his face in there because he's coming back.
  You got a tough gambit with Tommy Lee Jones and Two-Face because the scan works for one  half of him.
  But how do you apply makeup to a digital deep fake face?  How do you do the dark side of Two-Face?  I think you get to have a little creative liberty.
  Like the Into the Spider verse, you know, some characters had more artistic flourishes  that were like nods to comic book artists.
  Oh yeah, there's characters in totally other styles.
  I see.
  Yeah.
  I'll say this though, in my Batman Forever Two, Two-Face is dead.
  Really?  Because he dies in the movie.
  Oh wait, does he?  I don't remember that.
  What happens at the end?  He's going to like, I forget, he puts Chase and he puts Robin on two sides of like a big  contraption and drops them both.
  And then Batman decides he can save both of them.
  So he's like shooting down the whole like this long sort of tunnel thing and he saves  both of them.
  And then I believe Two-Face like kind of on like he's about to shoot Batman.
  He's going to, Harvey, you got to use your coin, Harvey.
  And he goes, oh yeah.
  And he does a coin and then Batman throws a bunch of coins at him.
  Oh, that's right.
  And he's like, that's the silliest.
  And then he like flips and he falls.
  So I guess he could have survived it, but it is not an option to not catch any coins.
  That is more important than my own life.
  He gets very confused.
  Two-Face, an arch master criminal, very confused when like seven coins are thrown at him.
  He falls to his death.
  And then there's like a big Chris O'Donnell like, yes, vengeance has been served.
  But the whole thing is that he wanted to kill him before, but now he didn't kill him, but  he gets to see him punished.
  So maybe he's conflicted now because he learned whatever.
  So that's what happens.
  So Batman luckily in uniform went to like a sandwich place on the way to all of this.
  Yes.
  He just had a pocket of which to change.
  He went to a laundromat.
  Yeah, he's had a laundromat.
  Yeah, so we know.
  Or an arcade.
  It could have been an arcade, sure.
  He stopped by for a little fun.
  Yeah, exactly.
  He knew he had a big night of work ahead of him.
  Yeah, right.
  So he knew this might come up.
  This place has tokens, not coins, but that'll do.
  Doesn't really matter.
  He knew this.
  Yeah, he knew this came up.
  No, in my version of Batman Forever 2, Two-Face is dead.
  He is dead.
  I don't have a plan to bring him back.
  Okay.
  There will be a new villain, a Scarecrow is in Batman Forever 2.
  Played by either.
.
.
  These are big reveals.
  Played by either the rumors of the time, Jeff Goldblum or Howard Stern.
  Oh, it has to be.
  Yes.
  I think you got to go with Stern.
  Because it's more bizarre.
  It's more bizarre and it'd be one of the only films that Howard Stern acts in.
  Yeah, like the second movie.
  That did not keep going after Private.
.
.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That was Stern movie number two.
  Yep.
  Over 25 years after the first one.
  Again, deep fake.
  He looks like he did in Private Parts.
  So that was.
.
.
  Because if you weren't alive when we were alive, these were the rumors of the day.
  Even though Burton didn't do those forever in Batman and Robin, they were still technically  all four in the same universe.
  But the rumor was, oh, the fifth one is going to have Scarecrow and it's going to be Jeff  Goldblum or it's going to be Howard Stern playing the character.
  Egghead can be played by Rudolph Giuliani after his star hosting stint on Saturday Night Live.
  He's going to be in office and he was also going to be Egghead.
  If we use Rudy Giuliani for maybe Batman Forever 3, we will not deep fake him.
  He will look as he is now.
  It might be a problem because he definitely looks a little bit like Danny DeVito Penguin  from Batman Returns.
  It'd be confusing.
  It'd be kind of confusing.
  So yeah.
  Look, I'm glad we started uncovering.
  There was a lot in the bio situation.
  What does your bio say?  I think I say things that I've worked on.
  Oh, OK.
  I don't have a.
.
.
  That's fun.
  No, not as much.
  But I say Steely Dan and wine in there just to get out two of the.
.
.
  Because I guess I'm a little Steely Dan boy.
  Everyone happy now?  Are you happy?  My little earsies makes me a little Steely Dan boy.
  My little earsies enjoyment.
  My little.
.
.
  Steely Dan is a treat for my little earsies.
  That's what it is.
  OK, good.
  Sometimes I'm a little gaucho boy, but mainly I'm a little night flight boy.
  Great.
  All right.
  We're doing the parlance.
  Listener, if you have suggestions for words to add to Jason's bio, knowing that it's in  flux.
  Email them to Michael at Batman Forever 2.
  Batmanforever.
com.
  You email me at it.
  I don't know that I'll email you back, but.
.
.
  What is it?  Full?  At Batmanforever2.
com?  Yeah, and then it's the number two.
  The number two.
  Batmanforever2.
com.
  OK.
  Yes.
  Great.
  OK.
  Well, now that all that is out of the way, we can get to some important news that's been  occurring in Theme Park World.
  There were a lot of drops, I feel like.
  I feel like one particular day or a few particular days, there was just a ton that we have not  gotten to address.
  Well, one, I mean, between the two big companies, Disney and Universal, one went for quantity  and one went for quality.
  Mm hmm.
  I mean, are you saying that there is not quality to the recent announcements of the Walt Disney  company?  I feel like they got the news that Universal was about to announce stuff.
  So then they're like, oh, we got to do something.
  We got to do some stuff.
  That stuff we were working on.
  Release the stuff.
  Release the stuff.
  Well, which, I mean, let's get to it, guys.
  Parking is free at Disney World Hotels again.
  Holy shit.
  Like, why were you guys bullshitting for so long at the beginning?  You're holding back the earth shattering news.
  Listeners surely all know the cost situation of hotels.
  Oh, yeah.
  They were free and now they're not.
  Wait, were they free?  They were free for a long time.
  For decades they were free.
  And if you're a hotel guest, a Disney hotel guest, you could park at the parks for free.
  That was the other thing.
  So it's just like, oh, we're staying really far from Animal Kingdom.
  Let's drive over.
  Oh, I see.
  Right.
  And not for, when did it shift?  Reopening, I think, for the pandemic.
  Oh, yeah, that's a good question.
  Around then, I think.
  I don't know if it was that specific, but I think so, yeah.
  It is recent, though.
  Jason's double checking it.
  But yeah, there was another one of those like, it's all designed to be like, we're going  to do a little away with a little of the Mr.
 Chapex stuff.
  We're going to go backwards three years when things were also crowding and annoying.
  Oh, I take that back.
  And then in 2018, they started charging for it.
  Well, there you go.
  It's a Mr.
 Eiger decision.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  How about that?  I was wrong.
  Shuddering.
  His baby, the parking payment program.
  What do you mean?  This isn't my company anymore.
  Why did I come back?  Here's what my guess then is that with that new information.
  My guess is that they looked at the numbers and said, should we bring down, because hotel  prices are insane at this point.
  I wonder if they looked at the numbers and went, well, should we bring those down or  should we just like bring the $10 charge down?  And they went, oh yeah, the $10 to whatever $20 charge.
  That would be my guess.
  Yeah.
  Because they're because we'll see.
  These are like encouraging things.
  But I still, as I said before, I still have the feeling that like some of the annoying  changes they're like, we like those and we're going to keep those like they're going to  like and they've then all of these announcements sort of to me feel like we're going to like  play a little bit of a shell game, a little three card Monte with you and you'll like  kind of go, oh yeah, that sounds good.
  But really a lot of the annoying things are still around.
  Yeah.
  What do you mean?  Don't forget the, I mean, I've been like shivering with excitement about the news that the park  hopping hour at Disneyland is moving from 1 p.
m.
 to 11 a.
m.
  You can jump between parks now two hours earlier.
  Yeah, we should have like dropped everything and started recording one at 3 a.
m.
  Whatever it took when this news dropped.
  I know.
 Very exciting.
  Why have we been sleeping?  Doesn't it feel like a shell?  The shell game, the three, the Jason played in New York, I think.
  Right.
 To play the show.
  I'm a former three guard.
  I'm a dealer.
  My story.
  Three card Monte.
  OK, the table.
  There was something else.
  It was.
 Oh, they were selling weed.
  But they were selling the fake weed and they said it wasn't fake, but you you knew it was  fake because you smelled it.
  Fake.
 This doesn't seem real.
  The little weed skeptic boy.
  Yeah.
 Sniff sniff.
  I'm the little weed skeptic boy.
  OK, yes.
 So in Florida, you are in California.
  You can go.
 You can park up at 11.
  But in Florida, you're forgetting you are if you are an annual passholder, you don't  have to make a reservation for what park you're going to if it's after two p.
m.
  We're at risk of me not making it through some of these sentences.
  Unless I'm like I'm like I'm drifting as they're in motion.
  This is the stuff I really wanted to see if blood would finally like trip out of your ear.
  We're trying to say, OK, so at Disneyland, it's 11 a.
m.
  But at Disney World, it's two p.
m.
  but only for annual pass holders, unless it's the weekend and you're going to the Magic  Kingdom, then you still have to rest.
  This is like you're throwing a bunch of quarters up in the air and I'm yelling,  I'm going to trip and fall.
  This will be my demise.
  Disneyland, you get all ticket holders now get free photo pass photos.
  But at Disney World, you get free photo pass photos if you bought Genie Plus that day.
  I got a lot of nice bottles in the house.
  We I was just talking about wine and now I want to go inside.
  Maybe I need to.
 I'll have one, too.
  I don't I shouldn't make leaving the episode so regular.
  It'd be funny though.
  Jason, I'll talk.
 We can get it.
  We'll finish the rest of this.
  It was one of us has left an episode.
  Yeah, I'm back.
 Well, I think about it.
  I'm good.
 I'm all right.
  We'll see where this goes.
  I OK, look, all right.
  We can come back to these things.
  I feel like we need to let's let's talk about.
  Well, now that you know, the tenor of what Disney's announcements were  in the face of the universal announcements,  which are new parks at weird places that parks aren't.
  Yeah, like brand new as their news has been for the last couple of years.
  What are we doing?  We're thinking about shifting the universal frequent globers program.
  The price is going to go from now.
  You can park for instead of $30.
  It will be 28.
  No, they're building a new fucking theme park with Frankenstein and Mario.
  And like it's already that's where they've been at.
  And now it's moving to their move.
  They're going to Texas.
 Universal is going to Texas.
  Yeah, they've shifted the focus like I think Epic Universe  pretty much like ready to go, at least creatively.
  Still some plenty of construction to be done.
  Uh huh.
 But and there's and they are set on Fantastic Beasts still.
  They are committed to fantastic.
  They have not announced exactly.
  Well, I think the head.
  The theme, but I'm a big YouTube watcher of theme park stop.
  I don't know if Alicia Stella, who's a very active ghost.
  A lot of the land.
  Yeah, she narrates these videos because they go through and they dig  and find like patent patents and they find like,  I guess plans, what do you call them?  Plan like literally like to file something with the.
  Yeah, they go through that and find stuff.
  So I've probably stolen information from this  and not cited my source before about Epic Universe.
  But so I apologize for that.
  But I.
  V.
S.
 is the Riddler.
  It's a look.
  Or two face.
  He's my guy.
  And spice sugar.
  Look, I love all those villains.
  So, yeah, they probably infected my personality to some degree.
  But she has all these videos about each separate land, long videos  about like what the actual layout of the land is and what's a restaurant.
  And what's this?  And I believe Fantastic Beasts only might be represented in the exterior  of the ride and maybe the area.
  But the ride is not Fantastic Beasts based.
  OK, and they will not be called Fantastic Beasts.
  No way.
 Yeah, it's going to be ministry of magic.
  It's going to be I forget the lady in pink bad guy from Harry Potter.
  J.
K.
 Rowling.
 Oh, yeah.
  J.
K.
 Rowling herself is the villain in the ride.
  Oh, I'm never going to that one.
  You just have to.
  Yeah, it's a virtual reality thing.
  We have to just try to avoid the tweets.
  You just have to look away.
  I remember everything before 2003 or so.
  Yeah, you're fighting against something called Mumsnet.
  And you're like, what the fuck?  Why is the most  of the worst hate organizations in the world?  It's going to be a scarier ride than the monsters ride.
  That's what they say.
  No, but so, yeah, I think the Fantastic Beasts, it's quietly.
  While some of the exteriors are still like the French Ministry of Magic,  which is the ministry magic in those movies.
  It's really call it Wizarding World Part Three.
  I guess, yeah.
  So well, seems smart.
  It's been sitting there as but in my head, not knowing all this  as potentially the least sound universal decision for recent.
  But this seems good if they're shifting away.
  Yeah, it's very cursed franchise.
  Yes.
 I don't think Grindelwald is in the land.
  I don't think there's crimes of Grindelwald attraction.
  And they won't be playing the Johnny Depp Jeff Beck album.
  Well, they will be doing that.
  They will be doing that for a couple of years.
  In tribute.
 Jeff.
 Yeah.
  So anyway, those videos are if you want.
  I mean, there's a lot of spoiler type stuff, but I probably  you'll forget a lot of it by the time the land opens up.
  But that's great.
  There's some I was just watching a Donkey Kong explanation  of what that mine cart coaster is going to be.
  It sounds amazing.
  Sounds so good.
 It sounds great.
  Yeah, she also she posted a picture.
  She's like, I spent on the cork board for a while.
  I didn't get very far on it.
  Like the day all the Texas stuff broke and it says like  additional universal parks, Texas, question mark.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  Well, now we're here.
  There is a there's no name to say, but they universal is building a.
  Well, it's not I don't even want to say small.
  I think the property they have is almost as big as Islands of Adventure  is what I saw.
  So it is sizable and it is a a kid oriented or kid or family  oriented theme park that is a different premise and feel  than the existing universal parks, which this is pretty new  because they've had kind of a template that they've used.
  Even the international ones are still it's the studio gates.
  And here is right.
  Transformers are here is Simpsons or what have you.
  Here's what you would.
  Here's what porous what?  Yeah, they're they're letting go of the face of the organization.
  So, yeah, it's and it's it's beautiful concept art.
  It looks great.
  It's like in the vein and color.
  Yeah, it looks would be the word.
  It's like in the vein, I think of like a Lego land or something where  it's primarily for kids things.
  But I mean, from the art, it looks like it's themed.
  It doesn't look like it's light on theming.
  But obviously anything can change.
  But yeah, it looks like it looks like maybe it's like five different  sort of kid land stitched together or something.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And you could kind of infer vibe wise  what some of them are like trolls seems pretty clearly like one of them.
  And maybe there's a I mean, I saw a list that was just name checking.
  I don't is it despicable me more of that is there Shrek is there  Kung Fu Panda?  Is there the bad guys?  They've got a lot to work with with this.
  This Dreamworks situation.
  And it's cool that Dreamworks is willing to use these characters outside of  you know, where they got it right and perfect,  which is the the waterpark in the American Dream Mall.
  It's cool that they're willing to like deviate from the gold standard  of how you use their characters.
  You know, if you think about it, like the American Dream Mall is like the  generation, you know, the beta testing, you know.
  Getting the kinks out, you know.
  Not to me, not to there's there's there's not a kink to be found in that place.
  There's not a lot to be found in that zero.
  King can be.
 Yeah, that's why there's less room for kinks  when the place is less than half occupied.
  It looks like there's in the back left.
  It looks like Jurassic Park ish.
  So, I mean, there's like kids kid dress camp crustacean,  because I always say crustacean, which is, of course, a crab or a sea life.
  But crustacean is the word on Netflix.
  Right.
 It's like a kid's cartoon.
  So I wonder if there's like a dinosaur encounters or something back there.
  I don't know.
 End of Jurassic Park, a non terrifying dress experience.
  Yeah.
 So there's like a big.
  This is seemingly long, like boat ride of some kind in there.
  Yeah.
 The centerpiece of it seems like a big lagoon with a boat ride.
  Yeah.
 So it like it's this is not.
  Yeah, this is not just some cheap bunch of.
  I mean, some of the rides are going to definitely be maybe like off the shelf  stuff, but as far as theming, it looks like they're doing their due  diligence of like giving the parents like us what we want, which is theming  lots of trees, water.
  This is what we want in the park.
  We don't want just flat in these cheap rides.
  Give us a little finesse, you know, size wise.
  I have 97 acres, which is about a quarter of the full universal  Orlando resort property.
  OK, I don't know how far out that goes.
  Like how far does that include like Habana Bay?  I'm assuming includes that first stretch of hotels.
  I don't know if includes the big like super hotels.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's pretty major.
  That's a big footprint.
  And I think expansion plans are caked into it.
  Like they'll start with a certain amount, but keep building from their hotel  at the front.
 Hotel is the entrance, seemingly.
  Yeah, it's got that.
  They have it in Disneyland Paris, where you have like sort of the hotel  right at the front of the park, which is also going to be, which I guess  is like a holdover idea from Westcott, where they were going to have all the  all the hotels sort of around it, like in their world showcase.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, that is the berm of the hotels.
  I mean, it sounds great.
  And it's it seems innovative to do a different kind of park  in a different kind of market.
  I guess one question is, though,  just try to picture 20 years ahead.
  Is this thriving in 20 years because they've committed to it  and they pull it off well?  Or is this like a defunct land topic?  Like, is it possible that they just cannot get people to this location?  Like to think of this part of Texas, it's part of the Dallas Fort Worth area.
  I think Texas, the suburb of Dallas.
 Frisco.
  Do they what if they can't get people to Frisco?  I'm trying to think of like usually what does this type of thing in is  it looks like shit.
  It's embarrassing and it fails within a year.
  I feel like.
 Yeah.
  Now, I guess Disney Quest lasted forever, like for a long time  or a pretty long, pretty long time limped along, but within the confines.
  Yeah.
 Disney property.
  But this looks better than Disney Quest.
 Yeah.
  Yes, because we because like we I knew Disney Quest wasn't  what I thought it was the first time I went.
  Well, a lot of the ones that crash and burn are indoors.
  This does to I was people have been alerting us to to Sega World Sydney,  something I didn't know about.
  And I watched the review time video about this attempt at an indoor  Sega theme park in Sydney, Australia, that looked really cool.
  But it also completely seemed like something you go to once and then never again.
  Right.
 And I think the indoor nature of indoor just lends itself to.
  It's never going to change.
 That is the same lies with like a lot of Epcot  pavilions.
 Yeah.
  Something where indoor is weird.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Indoor.
 I'm trying to think of a good indoor.
  Well, I mean, I think the things people think of is like Dave and Busters.
  Right.
 Because that's what a lot of this stuff gets like, you know, cheap.
  And the budgets gets cut so much.
  You essentially have a family entertainment center.
  Yeah.
 The Dubai Warner Brothers, Dubai World, which I think has some cool stuff  in it is indoors.
  So maybe working or not.
  I don't know.
  This one of those where they like they'll never say, yeah, this is a streaming  platform like that.
  It is not in their interest to it.
  Nobody's going to if you're dealing with a sovereign will fund.
  I like I don't know how much they ever admit fault.
  I don't think we're going to I mean, we could send an email,  but I don't know if we're going to be able to tell any time I've ever seen a video.
  It looks like there's seven people in there.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 But maybe.
  And there's no carefully spread even with stuff to do.
  It hides the north of 20000 visitors every day.
  I think that's very possible.
  I remember it took like a year or two to find a video of the Batman ride.
  We're just like, this has been open for a couple of months.
  And I'm like, oh, obviously, somebody's going to have a ride through video soon.
  And the answer was no.
  They that's not that took forever to happen.
  Not a good sign.
  So, yeah, any time I see video of it, it does not look like it's packed.
  But I don't know.
  But indoor is weird if you're trying to do something.
  There's a feeling of there's a feeling of it being I'm trying to think like  depressing, depressing or limited, like limited in a way.
  Like it doesn't feel when the open sky is there.
  Maybe your imagination is able to easy, like easier think that it's.
  I don't know.
 What am I?  I'm searching for the answer here.
  Or water parks.
  Great Wolf Lodge certainly seems to be expanding.
  But that also, as we've heard, drives the adults insane.
  Yeah, no, but I smaller stuff indoors is fine.
  But I think the attempt to do something that feels like it's on the scale of Disney  or some universal.
 Yeah, that's that's when it fails.
  Yeah, it's between the Great Wolf Lodge size and and bigger theme park.
  Yeah.
 So I wonder if it'll help it that it's not that they aren't attempting a  do think it will have a theme park at once.
  I don't know.
 Maybe it works.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I mean, this area is being built up, as we mentioned  before we start recording.
  I was joking about like the PGA of America is moving their headquarters  to this Frisco, Texas, like area that's being built up.
  This is professional golf, you're saying.
  Yeah.
 It will be the headquarters of of Propeller.
  A lot of you know, a lot of guys moved away to Texas over the pandemic  for free speech.
 Is that what this is?  Yeah.
 Well, that what Universal's doing.
  Is that what Universal's doing?  I think they're doing I think it's a very business friendly state.
  And I think it's got a lot of land that's still cheap.
  Yeah.
 And I don't know.
  I feel like if a company the size of Comcast or Disney  is committing to a full sized theme park, they know like, all right,  we can't close it like our stock will just eat shit if we close.
  You would think so.
  So, yeah, that's why I think they're going to put the budget into it.
  And it'll work because I'm trying to think, is there an example  of something where like it looks like it was the theming budget  of a major theme park that completely ate shit?  That's so you're saying not Hard Rock Park.
  Not Hard Rock Park.
  No.
 Yeah.
  It kind of all depends on how it yeah.
  Does it feel authentic? Right.
  Like it a fully imagineer?  Not in this situation or whatever you call it.
  Yeah.
 But like, yeah, is it as high end of an experience as those?  And I don't know.
  Concept.
 I think it could be.
 Do they get by?  I don't know if they do get budget slashed because this is the company  that isn't.
 Yeah, they're spending money right now.
  And yeah, so so I would hope somebody at the top of this faceless  multinational corporation realizes that we have to pump a bunch of money  to make it look OK so people keep coming back.
  Now to flip over back to the other side, I say this already.
  I hate it.
 Yeah, I am more than OK for now.
  Just for a quick check in.
  I'm just because on this topic of spending money,  Josh, tomorrow, daddy, tomorrow, he's quoted the last couple  days as saying we have no shortage of money.
  We want to make sure we do the biggest things, the coolest things,  the things that represent the future.
  I mean, the same thing you said at the tease of a D23  speech where then you announced to nothing about the land that's about the future.
  Yeah, you have no shortage of money and want to do the biggest things.
  What's where those announcements?  I'm going.
 I hear that.
  I don't know.
 I'm not sure.
  He took the public speaking course that like Obama and Pete Buttigieg  took where it's like you are optimistic, but in a confusing way.
  Like if you think about it in a general way.
  Yeah.
 Like what?  What? What did they say?  The very generalized optimism.
  So, yeah, you know, I what this company has is a generalized optimism.
  And the pause makes you think that I'm  carefully considering every word that I'm saying.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  And through the word storytelling in there,  you put some of that Disney flair on.
  That's how his tomorrow's speech writers, he just says like,  put storytelling in 24 more times and then I'll go out.
  Yeah, it's yeah, I don't.
  It would have been nice if when they were trying to announce fun stuff,  they had an actual fun thing to announce  because there was a couple days of news cycle of just like basic, like  there'll be like changes to the fine print on the  agree the agreement you sign when you buy your ticket,  like the fine print is changed.
  All these announcements are the most boring.
  Like you have to be dry in the weeds in a way that not all of the hosts  of this theme park podcast are.
  Look, even I needed to brush up a little.
  I was reading like the the author Arthur Levine, the regular  is that his name, the regular  and the wrong guy.
  My man.
  He wrote for USA Today for a long time and about.
com  about theme parks is his substack newsletter you can subscribe to.
  So I read his coverage of a lot of this stuff and I read the Disney  tours blog coverage and then I was like, wait, let me see what Disney,  how Disney is describing this.
  And sure enough, they had posts on the Disney parks blog.
  And it was I had never seen this before.
  It was like the post about Disney World went, by the way,  this is just for Disney World.
  Click here for the post about Disneyland.
  And then the Disneyland one had the same that had the like, by the way,  this is Disneyland.
  Make sure to click Disney World.
  And they are just different enough to be very annoying.
  Yeah, because what we want is just like a reservation is gone.
  No, like that would have been like something that would have been worth us,  you know, get going to each other's houses, shaking us out of bed  and going, let's do the podcast right now.
  Reservations are gone.
  That's something that's happening excited about anyone come harass me.
  We can do the pop in through my window.
  Our beloved pop in to Disneyland that are gone.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But yeah, that's not what happened.
  Or how about like Avengers ride?  Oh, how about it?  Like, let's maybe I'll go above reservation.
  Hey, don't get greedy.
  Yeah, there's a lot of contracts aspiring for that sort of thing.
  As Jason said, you ain't racing yet.
  You know, calm down.
  We're just getting started here.
  I'm looking for reserves.
  Sorry to be blue sky.
  We got a 10 year plan here.
  Number one, end of year five.
  Reservations gone.
  End of year 10.
  Parking still remains free.
  And the park hopping time is 10 a.
m.
  Wow.
 That's what I'm looking for in a 10 year plan for the Disney parks.
  Well, some may say you're a dreamer.
  Not the only one.
  Yeah.
  So, yes, John.
  Now, Daddy Tomorrow did say there's going to be more changes.
  So he's also teasing more changes to what we're talking about.
  Times you can park hop confusing parking situation like all of this.
  I think there's going to be more announcements, new colors on our calendars.
  Right.
  A different maybe a different prompt to enter your credit card to buy things on the app.
  You know, maybe stuff like that.
  Changing out characters who appear when it says, oops, something went wrong with our website.
  New character.
  Right.
 New characters.
  The newest Marvel character will be the one that says, oops, now.
  Wow.
  It'll be like a character who was on a show that very week.
  Right.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
 So like Loki's variant, if it's the new season of Loki,  he's going to be on when he's going to have like his finger up on his mouth like, oopsie.
  I'm a little oopsie boy.
  He's going to say, sorry, we don't take Apple Pay anymore, but we do take Zell.
  Check out Zell.
  They might take maybe that's going to be an answer to their partnering with Zell.
  Or maybe there'll be announcement about the potato balls at the Portos that's going to open in  downtown Disney, which this is news.
  And maybe I'm transitioning too early here.
  The Portos, I believe, is.
  Wait, no, the Portos.
  Excuse me.
  False alarm.
  The Portos is where we got to buckle up here.
  La Brea Bakery is closing.
  It's closed.
  All of a sudden.
  The time you're hearing this, La Brea Bakery is no more.
  Downtown Disney, Anaheim, La Brea Bakery.
  It's been there since day one.
  Sector one.
  I'm hearing you will be hearing this for the first time and you'll be,  you know, going through a lot of emotions here.
  No more okay sandwiches, everybody.
  But okay sandwiches.
  Guess what's moving in for a temporary fix.
  The king of okay sandwiches.
  The king of couch surfing at downtown Disney.
  Earl of Sandwich coming in to La Brea Bakery.
  I briefly forgot and I thought Portos moving in there.
  That is not the case.
  They have not announced the Porto location.
  That's much too interesting.
  Robert Earl is throwing his backpack down.
  He's like, is it cool if I hang out here for a little while, my man?  Uh-huh.
  Scott, could you do the voice in that line?  Just for a couple months.
  That's all it will take.
  Then we will find our next exciting location  where we could feed all the hungry construction workers.
  So enough time to set up the Coke Freestyle machine  and then also disassemble the Coke Freestyle machine.
  Yeah, so that's my little hands have been clapping and clapping all day.
  Not actually making contact because my arms are too little for my hands to connect.
  Now, this is actually not a Disney decision.
  This is the La Brea Bakery Company closing.
  Interesting.
 I did not know that.
  They're closing the one on La Brea to the original one.
  Really?  Yeah, and they're just focusing on like supplying other places.
  Wow.
  The brand will exist.
  You will still be able to get La Brea bread.
  Mmm.
  Your airport routine is unchanged.
  Scott rolled his eyes so hard.
  Yeah, I just realized like the false energy I had.
  Yeah.
  Powering through that sentence just sputtered out.
  Yeah, so there's a lot of exciting.
  Oh, oh, oh, I guess this is sort of close.
  San Fransokyo is starting to be built at California Venture as well.
  There's the first signs of some construction.
  Yeah, they drained the lagoon.
  So they drained.
  Dry lagoon, everybody.
  You think the universe is doing stuff?  Universal, you have a whole new theme park?  Well, yeah, well, guess what?  We have a dry lagoon.
  Take a look at that.
  You can't have a future wet lagoon without a dry one.
  You can't get the wet lagoon that was already there back and wet again without dry.
  That is a Disney quote.
  That's a Walt quote that they're going to put on the construction walls.
  You can't have a wet lagoon before a dry one.
  There's something that Walt Disney said that gave me a lot of comfort in the darkest days  of the pandemic.
  Yeah, you can't have a dry lagoon.
  Wait, you can't have a wet lagoon without he messed it up in his speech.
  He could remember either.
  So that's that covers the Disney news, right?  I think that might be all of it.
  Some quick hits.
  Right away, Railway is opening with everyone's favorite, a virtual queue at 7 a.
m.
  That's right.
  Virtual queue, baby.
  We're back.
  Lord is Riser Resistance still virtual queue?  No, no, it's not lightning lane.
  But is there a standby?  I think there's a standby.
  So it's standby and lightning.
  OK, the lightning lane, the tweets above funny lightning lane stuff I like, and sometimes  maybe it's being misrepresented.
  I don't know, but it would be like the lightning lane for Big Thunder is 50 minutes long or  something and it's like stretched all the way back to Galaxy's Edge.
  And you're like, that's not that seem like this is working very well.
  Uh, it's all working fantastic.
  All of these new terms that we've had to learn.
  I was the one who was wrong in all of the episodes where I had to learn all the terms  because now the terms are terms that we love and terms that work.
  Yeah.
  Well, how could I have scoffed?  Genie plus lightning lane.
  It's like they become part of the just the woodwork.
  It's everything.
  We love our magic key system, which is available for four hours or so several months ago.
  And then you do not have the ability to pay Disney to be there all the time anymore.
  No.
  Well, I'll say this.
  They put them on sale yesterday.
  Again, we're showing everyone how the sausage is made.
  So now you can figure out exactly when we're recording this, which is really exciting.
  But they put magic keys on sale yesterday.
  I'm back in the program, baby.
  I did it.
  I'm back.
  You're back.
  Now for this, I just had to scream grab the Scott Gustin tweets because I could not understand  what was happening.
  It just seems so I mean, I already have one, but it already seemed like so confusing.
  I just want to read this one verbatim.
  New past sales are available online only.
  Note new past sales will be paused each night at 10 p.
m.
 Pacific time.
  Guests will remain in the queue overnight as long as they  as long as they remain connected to the network and keep their browser window open.
  Sales resume the following day at 9 a.
m.
 Pacific time.
  Here's the funny thing.
  I read all of that and I didn't realize how absurd it was until you just read it again  because that is ridiculous.
  You have to stay.
  Queue is paused.
  You have to camp out.
  But it goes overnight.
  You have to camp out by your computer.
  First off, don't do this on a tablet or a phone.
  Get a desktop or laptop.
  And then put turn off all of the like sleep.
  Put hard drive to sleep.
  Put screen to sleep.
  Just leave it on to use all your power.
  Really?  Or the night?  Yeah, I don't think this is necessary.
  It's a lot.
  This is a we're describing a queue to get a pass to be just to have an it.
  This is a thing that that we used to just you want when you get one.
  Right.
  And now you have to camp out all night digitally camp out in the metaverse.
  Maybe that is what we talk about metaverse stuff.
  Maybe that'll be the future where you have to camp out in the metaverse.
  This is what we want the biggest best stuff.
  Like now we are introducing digital tents for all of our devoted guests waiting in the  digital queue.
  It'll be like the old days of like concert tickets where you'd have to camp out in front  of tower records or something.
  We have enough digital tokens.
  You can get digital s'mores, right?  Bring your own digital campfire.
  You got to get enough slurp juices to earn that annual pass.
  So that's the thing I know on the Internet.
  But I don't I consider myself reasonably tech savvy.
  Anytime I try to leave my computer running overnight to do an update or file transfer,  I always fuck it up.
  So I don't know how they expect normal people to keep connected to.
  Okay, keep your browser open, but also be connected.
  You can't get disconnected, but I guess you can turn the screen brightness way down so  you can if you're sleeping in the same room.
  Is the company just trying to see what they can make their the hard cores do?  Kind of.
  Is it just like I mean, is it sort of like a weird?  Is it like a humiliation kind of situation?  Like, let's see what we can.
  Let's see how much of our guests time we can waste.
  Look, they're doing it.
  And they're doing that and they're doing that.
  I think they're I think they're getting off on like dominating dominating their audiences  lives and making them do humiliating things all the time.
  Disney is our Dom is what you're saying.
  If you want to simplify it Dom tomorrow, I'm on to it.
  I'm on to his ski.
  Whatever stop using guest and just started calling us nasty pay pigs.
  You know, you found your next bio financial domination.
  I am not a pay pig, sir.
  Are you a messy little pay?  Are you a messy little pay?  Little messy pay pig, a little messy wooden pay pig.
  Only for the Walt Disney Company.
  There's also we're saying all this.
  There's like 20 empty ticket booths just right when you walk up to the Esplanade at Disneyland  and like maybe one or two of them have people in them now.
  What there are those ticket booths for years like there were ticket booths  right next to the La Brea bakery.
  No, they're still there.
  There's just closed.
  So it just looks like shit.
  I mean, I just went in the queue.
  The queue took one minute.
  There's still three passes available.
  So I guess they definitely opened up more.
  Whatever the the chapec limit was that's probably been at least expanded.
  Okay, so that's something I guess you can you can buy them online.
  So far from the orbit of when was the last year that things weren't like this?  I feel it must have been when we started the show.
  Yeah, it's been like this when we started the show.
  I wouldn't have wanted to start the show.
  I hate this place.
  I'm never going again.
  That's the arc that's happened over this six years, whatever it is.
  It kind of had like I started to I am going soon by the way,  but I like I'm not dying to get an annual pass at this.
  Like universal, I signed up for I took a little break, but I got right back to it.
  But I'm into I'm not.
  We all got it now.
  First time in years, we all have universal passes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Because they're what are they they're opening the place where you meet Mario.
  And it's open early and now and everybody's taking pictures and happy and power bands  and one ups that's their headlines are all those words.
  Disney is all like systems and calendars and cues and loading and waiting and patience.
  Yeah, yes, that's true.
  We're all universal back in universal again.
  And even like obviously like price universal is not as good as Disneyland, but much cheaper  and for a lot more perks.
  And I look I have free parking at universal.
  Yeah, I got free parking.
  Yes, yeah, it's not like a crazy upgrade to do it.
  It's still not the top tier that get like the mid tier gets you free parking.
  Right.
  The other thing they're inadvertently doing by doing all these soft opening technical rehearsals  for Nintendo land when annual pass holder previews kick in, you will be able to do  most of the stuff in the land because people will have already seen it.
  I'm sure the annual pass previews will be plenty busy.
  Don't get me wrong.
  But it's like you're taking pieces off the board.
  Like, you know, there's going to be people like, oh, yeah, I went one day.
  I saw it.
  Now I don't have to go back for a while.
  They don't have to like just camp out in there for a long, long time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  My family, my family's planning on coming out like later in the year in the fall at some point.
  And it's like, oh, good.
  It'll probably be manageable and they'll be able to get into it, you know.
  And they don't have to wake up at 7 a.
m.
  to reserve a pass to maybe get it.
  No, the 7 a.
m.
 thing, too.
  If you live in Los Angeles, like you, you're really rolling the dice because it's like if  you get in the queue at 7 a.
m.
 and it's like, okay, you're going on at 8 15.
  Like you have to floor it.
  And depending on where you live.
  Yeah.
  You might not get there.
  And yeah, it takes forever from the parking garage.
  Is it a virtual queue for Mario Kart, though?  Or am I wrong?  I don't know the answer to that.
  I think there's something like that for Mario Kart.
  Maybe I'm totally wrong.
  And credit where credit is due.
  The Universal Studios website does suck shit.
  Oh, yeah.
  It was so bad that they had to cancel the entire.
  Everybody got a mailer.
  If you live around here, there's a thing in the mail like, okay, so go to the website.
  At this time, we were mailed about this.
  And then you go there and it had crashed long before the a lot of time had even started.
  Yeah, no, they're never going to upgrade.
  None of these companies apparently will ever upgrade their theme park websites.
  But then I so a week later, it did go up and you guys seem to get in there easily.
  And I was very out of it and busy that day.
  So I really didn't understand.
  I thought you already had annual passes and that's how you're able to do this.
  And then I texted Mike the next day.
  I was like, what do I do?  And he's like, just buy an annual pass and you can schedule a preview.
  And I did.
  And there was only a few days left, but it all worked and I got in.
  Now out of it and busy.
  Were you lost in a lollipop store or a chewable caramel store?  No, it's funny that you say that because I right before I came here, I did do a thing.
  I don't want to say I do it every week, but every week CVS sends me $4.
  And if I don't have any $4 coupon, like they send me every week for whatever reason.
  I can send it to you in the mail?  No, like an email and you add it in the app.
  Oh, but it's anything goes basically.
  It's just $4 off your purchase.
  Is there a minimum purchase?  No.
  Really?  I mean, I have not.
  I think I spent under $4.
  I don't know why I got this.
  Maybe because I have like pick up prescriptions there.
  Class action lawsuit or something you involved in?  I don't think so, but every Thursday they say $4 coupon.
  And if I don't need anything at CVS that week and I'm going by one,  I usually just go in and buy $4 worth of candy.
  Did that happen on the day where you just described being out of it and busy?  No, that didn't happen.
  Okay.
  Can you send me?  I'll tell you, but I did get a symphony bar.
  Whoa, symphony bar.
  Symphony bars are back.
  They're really pushing.
  Mr.
 Fancy over here.
  Extra large size.
  Little wooden symphony boy.
  Do you conduct with that thing?  Symphony boy.
  I just remember that they had a pretty aggressive push in the early 90s.
  Can you send me the email where you get $4 off from CVS?  Because I'm seeing get $4 off your $20 purchase.
  I don't get that.
  I want to see what it looks like.
  I'll send it to you.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah, find it right now and send it to me.
  You mean now?  I do mean now.
  Mike means now.
  I mean, no.
  He doesn't mean later.
  Yeah, we got to dissect this online because I want to know how you're getting this.
  I have no idea.
  I want to buy a symphony bar for free.
  I want to get a comped symphony bar.
  A weekly comp symphony bar.
  Or is it an accident?  To me.
  You're like on some, I don't, what would it be?  Jason was the one billionth customer of CVS.
  He won the golden ticket.
  Well, the golden ticket is $4 a week.
  So he's a little Charlie Bucket boy.
  That is like $4 a week for, that's like, they're giving you a couple hundred bucks a year.
  Yeah, wait a minute.
  Yeah, do you have to start reporting this on your taxes?  Yeah, I don't know.
  This is like a job.
  You earn a salary from CVS without having to work there.
  Did you do some sort of testing for them?  I don't know.
  You're, oh, okay.
  This one's 20%.
  It's to make up for they gave him the wrong prescription one time.
  It caused him brain damage and they knew it.
  It's why he's forgetting everything lately.
  Yeah, but.
  I think we might, are we going to reveal that you're not actually getting $4 off  and that you've been misreading the coupons?  I wouldn't even tell you if I was just buying my regular candy a lot.
  No, I know, but I'm saying.
  I don't even need this candy.
  I got stocking stuffers still.
  No, I know you don't need the candy.
  I'm just saying, is it possible you're misreading the coupon  and you haven't been getting the discount and somehow you're paying?  No, no, because they say, oh, you have $4.
  Now there's a couple things happening here.
  There's Mike wanting to discredit Jason, but I think it's all, it's jealousy.
  Yes, it is jealousy.
  There is a big deal happening that is being pulled by somebody in this room.
  Yes.
  And you're baffled that you haven't achieved it yourself.
  That is absolutely.
  It's like 25%.
  I'd love Jason to have misread it and it's an accident and he's been shoplifting for years.
  I would love that, but mostly I'm just like, I'm up $4 free to CVS every week.
  Geez.
  You're playing in the, you're paying, you're playing the penny slots with all of your like.
  Yeah.
  With your 300 emails a day about deals on toys you don't want.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I'm fascinated by this.
  This is, I'm, this is exciting.
  I'm surprised you didn't tell me this earlier.
  While everyone goes through their emails, we've insanely late in the episode.
  We should say one of the other big announcements.
  Oh yeah.
  Switch back to the universal side because they have announced a Las Vegas experience.
  Yes.
  That is the, the opposite end of the spectrum of the family place in Texas.
  This is a year round horror experience just north of the strip.
  Totally radical, completely new idea.
  Yes.
  This is part of a 20 acre expansion of area 15, which already has like a lot of weird,  like immersive stuff and restaurants and the Omega Mart, the I Wolf's Omega Mart.
  Now here's where I need to say I've never heard of area 15 until this news broke.
  Were you guys familiar with it?  I didn't know.
  Did you know area 15?  I heard of Omega Mart, but I didn't know about this.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Same district.
  Well, I, for the, because for the last few years I've been a little Vegas boy.
  Okay.
  I've been a little gambling boy too.
  So it was big deal when area 15 because it's a massive like development.
  It's really close to the strip, but is off strip.
  Have you been?  I have not been.
  No, it is not a big enough deal to go, but a big deal.
  Well, the last time we were there, it was Jane's birthday and she's like, I really,  I don't want to go see a themed experience.
  I don't want to, I really don't want to do this.
  What?  All right.
  But the next time we go, we have said like, that's the first thing we're going to go see  Omega Mart and it's been getting good reviews.
  Yeah.
  Omega Mart sounds very cool and like something we should do this.
  I didn't know any of this thing that has been there since September,  2020 and it's this really odd grab bag.
  Now here's, I'm, I'm curious.
  We now get back into indoor with all this.
  Right.
  I'm really curious how this thing is and how it will go forward and succeed for a long time.
  So it's, there's, there's this Omega Mart thing, this sort of like trippy immersive experience,  lost spirits distillery, which we've grown is cool in LA, but a closing LA, I believe.
  They had a fire, I believe.
  Oh boy.
  I don't know.
  So they might still be an opera.
  I don't know.
  They did have a boat tour.
  They did have a themed like.
  Yeah.
  Boat ride.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Wish we could have done it.
  We should have done it.
  I think we were invited to it and then there was a fire.
  I think Doug Jones got us tickets to it and we didn't do it.
  Oh no.
  That's what happened.
  We had Doug, if you're listening, apologies for, we didn't jump on it.
  Right.
  Right.
  We had time.
  But yeah, then there's all these VR rides and there's something called  Birdly where you lie in your chest and there's big bird wings under your arms that flap.
  So you get so with VR goggles, it's like you're flying like a bird.
  And then there's also a zip line thing, but where you hold onto it onto handlebars.
  So it's sort of like hang gliding, but that moves through the middle of this  campus.
  It's all of these odd.
  You could buy packages seemingly to do a bunch of them.
  Right.
  But also you could just piecemeal these experiences.
  There's something called Wink World.
  Wink World is of course, a psychedelic art house created by Chris Wink.
  I needn't tell you that Chris Wink from Wink World is one of the original Blue Men,  one of the first men.
  And he's now the chief creative officer of Blue Man Group and he has spun off the very strong  Wink brand into Wink World.
  So we got to check out Wink World.
  You have to check.
  I mean, this 2023 they're saying is the year of the Wink.
  So we're definitely going to cover more on the show this year.
  A lot of we promise more Wink.
  I also knew, I mean, I was, I had read about area 15 for the Omega Mart  installation, but I also was delighted to learn they have a location of EMAC and Bolio's,  the Boston based ice cream establishment that is, but kind of was more fun in the  Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando.
  And I think the thing is a lot of musicians would stop in the one in Boston.
  I think it was open late.
  So after shows, they're like, what's open?  And this is, it kind of has like a Ben and Jerry sort of vibe, but it's good ice cream.
  So that will be my second stop after Omega Mart.
  You're not going to Wink World first?  I mean, I'll check out Wink World.
  Big dis of Wink.
  Blue Man Group in Manhattan, like 20 years ago or something in their  lot's changed.
  Yeah.
  What have you done for Wink lately?  Wink wasn't the chief creative officer of Blue Man Group by that back then.
  I, well, I've got to look into the Wink.
  I will look into the Wink brand.
  It's really, doesn't it?  Cause it's the, it's the format of Disneyland.
  Disneyland opens and Walt Disney is one of the primary celebrities on earth.
  And now we have Wink World and it's the same deal.
  It's Chris Wink.
  We all know Chris Wink.
  Yeah.
  Same deal.
  And also now here's, let's get really topical with, okay.
  This episode comes out on January.
  Wait a minute.
  No, it's out on the 20th.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  This is, I think maybe the night that you're, you're hearing this.
  If okay, if the episode comes out January 20th, then tonight, if you're in the Vegas area,  you can go to this area of 15 and you can experience something called Shrek rave.
  Shrek themed rave.
  Oh, I've heard about these.
  You've heard about the Shrek raves?  Yeah.
 I think this is a thing that's happening throughout the country.
  Yeah.
  This is a trend that's sweeping the nation.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  It's, is there a company that's doing it or?  Uh, I don't know that this might be an independent Shrek rave.
  I don't know if there's a, uh, one conglomerate behind the Shrek raves.
  The poster says it's dumb.
  Just come have fun.
  And cool is dead.
  Who cares?  I mean, I can't argue with either of those statements.
  So there's a Shrek rave.
  Yeah.
 Is that, wait, this one's in Riverside.
  There's a Riverside on the 27th Shrek rave.
  Could this be the same Shrek rave or is it a different one?  Is this an organic movement across the country?  That's a good question.
  Well, if you want to go to a Shrek rave.
  Yeah, I think maybe a Shrek rave.
  Wow.
 This is good.
  There's a couple different, there was a thing and I can't think of the name of it now,  but there were like these traveling raves that I think I would mention when Eva was here last.
  One of them seemed to be like, I'm trying to think, maybe that was more of an avatar,  like a generic avatar rave.
  But it wasn't for the vibe, but it wasn't affiliated with the enterprise.
  I can't remember if they had like a specific Shrek rave.
  I don't think they did, but it looks like Shrek rave is a common thing right now.
  Wow.
 Well, here we got to, I'm, I'm, I'm myself, I'm nervous about this.
  Not really caring for Shrek or raves.
  Mike, on the other hand, I don't know your feelings about Shrek,  but I know your feelings about douchey Vegas pool party.
  That's correct.
  So you'll be in, you'll be in hog heaven.
  Donkey heaven.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, I love that.
 I said that.
  Are these, is it going to be like, I'm a believer remix and all-star remix?  It better only be those Rufus Wainwright,  how you're here.
  Yeah.
  Better be only Shrek rave,  yul song, whatever that was.
  Right.
 Shrek rave, you buy tickets on Ticketmaster.
  Wow.
  $22 for GA standing at the Riverside Shrek rave.
  So I can go, I can go to a Shrek themed rave and give my money to Ticketmaster.
  Well, so the ticket costs as much as the fees.
  Nice, nice, nice.
  Wow.
  Only $400.
  I'm going to the next stage to see how much the fees are for the Shrek rave.
  Oh, the app has redirected me to the website as all good apps do.
  Yep.
 As our beloved theme park apps do.
  And I'm going to see, yeah, well, because $22 relatively cheap for a ticket.
  They're trying to give us, oh, do you want to buy fast lane access to the Shrek rave  or VIP club access to the Shrek rave for $25?  This is, the Disney people would be salivating.
  These are the kind of upshot, this is the,  why can't Disneyland think like the Shrek raves?  God damn it.
 They've got Shrek in First Go Texas and they got Shrek traveling the country.
  What the fuck has Mickey done lately? What has he done for me lately?  Real pandemic in Shrek.
 Shrek is popping up everywhere.
  Everyone's getting infected.
  Each ticket is a $9 fee.
 It's $22 and then $9 service fee.
  Could be worse.
  Okay.
  Could be worse.
  Well, and the fact that you're making progress with this, this is, but you know,  it's not the Taylor situation.
 I guess Shrek raves aren't as popular as Taylor Swift.
  Not yet.
  Yeah.
  On the way though.
 Anyway, what's Universal doing over here?  They are doing unique, immersive, fantastic horror centric experiences  along with daytime food and beverage spaces that will turn into haunting bars and eateries by night.
  So I don't, well, that seems like they don't know.
 So it's just,  it's a restaurant during the day.
 Then they put up some cobwebs.
  Yeah, I guess that's what it is.
  On this blog, Vital Vegas that I was reading, I've read Vegas stuff on, they point out that like,  look, Vegas is a lot of people in town, a lot of people spending money.
 So it kind of makes sense.
  On the other hand, the fear of the walking dead attraction at the Fremont street experience  and Eli Roth's Goratorium on the strip did not really last very long.
  No, Eli Roth's Goratorium.
  How were the reviews of the Goratorium?  I don't know.
 We'll have to go back in there.
 It's like 10 years ago.
  That opened and closed.
  Interesting.
 Because like it sounds, I bet that the escape rooms that they've been doing  at CityWalk Orlando, that's sort of maybe a soft test for.
.
.
  A lot of the commenters on this blog have been like, they just opened escape rooms.
  And I have to think that's easy to clone.
  I've heard good reviews of the Back to the Future one.
  And then there are like bar areas, themed bar areas that are part of this as well,  the Orlando escape rooms.
  The Coconut Club is by that? Like this thing at CityWalk that it's a bar, but they keep  changing it for every season.
 It was like Halloween, then it was Christmas.
  So I wonder, yeah, if it's going to be like a highly themed restaurant bar  and then they can like shuffle in and out like mazes and stuff.
  Sure.
 They got a tooth.
 I mean, they could build a tooth.
  So they certainly could build a tooth.
  They have 110,000 square feet they're working with.
  That is a lot of space.
 I was going to say though,  toothsome probably doesn't fit the horror.
  Toothsome, I think they might want to keep like wholesome.
  Sure.
  You know, you don't want to drag the mythology of Dr.
 Toothsome and Jacques and the dog.
  Yes, these are characters we love.
  Yeah.
 So you don't want them to be like dismembered.
 We don't want that.
  You couldn't make them go through the motions and the plot of Freaky  because they would just continue to be delightful if they swapped bodies.
  It would be, yeah.
 No.
 Wait, what is Freaky?  Freaky?  That's the horror Freaky Friday with Vince Vaughn and a teenage girl.
  Vince Vaughn is a serial killer and he swaps bodies with a teenage girl.
  That's a couple years ago already?  Pretty recent.
 Yeah.
 I think it was at one of the horror nights.
  There was a maze?  It's a Blumhouse movie.
 I think it was in one of the Blumhouse houses.
  Oh, it was like represented in the Blumhouse.
  Okay.
 We've slept on Freaky.
  We slept on Freaky.
  Goratorium, which was, this was open in 2013.
 It filed for chapter 11 after facing,  it was open for a year, faced complaints of high prices and poor customer service.
  And it was sued by a design firm who alleged they had not been paid for work done on  Goratorium's branding and website.
  Seemed like there might've been other problems with the Goratorium other than just interest.
  I guess Vegas doesn't like themed experiences.
  Goratorium proves it once and for all.
  I, the coverage of a lot of new development in Vegas, new entertainment stuff is like  they're slapping immersive on anything.
  Yeah.
 That's a, it's a trendy thing.
 But this, I feel like the same thing will have,  like if this is done well, because like, because the horror nights mazes are often done very well,  but they're temporary.
 So if you could put up even more like highly themed version of these,  that's a little more permanent because they don't have to like pull it down to reassemble  a new thing.
 I mean, I don't know.
 People love this shit.
 And I've been saying for a long time,  I'm not sure why they don't, they had that walking dead maze, but before that was,  it was house of horrors.
 I'm not sure why they don't have like some more like permanent horror  nights things, but I guess this makes sense to do it in Vegas.
 I think it's a strong idea.
  The concept art that they released, I mean, there's like, you know, actually there's like the  concept art with shadowy monsters emerging from the smoky depths, but then there's  the physical plant concept art and seeing a huge building that says universal on the side,  right off the main freeway.
 That's cool.
 I, that, that sounds cool.
 That'll be eye catching.
 I also  think these regional experiences maybe get people excited about the universal brand who were not  before and maybe make some, want to try going to Hollywood or Orlando.
 Yeah.
 I mean, if they could  do something that's even a little longer too, cause those mazes at horror nights, you know,  they're not super short, but they're just, you're just rolling, like you're walking so fast through  those things.
 Cause they're trying to just get people in and out.
 If you could like slow it down  even a little bit and you could appreciate it more like, like a delusion or something.
 Yeah.
  In between the regular maze and like a delusion, which is more of a narrative, like you could do  some pretty cool stuff.
 And again, I think it all comes down to just like, is it good?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just do they pull these off? Do they spend the money? Do they, they commit?  Yeah.
 But it seems like the company that's doing that right now.
 Yeah.
 So that, yeah, that is cool.
  Does this, uh, did it say when that opens potentially? I don't think so.
 And we got  that in the far-ish future.
 I think they're both a little far out.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But that one's  seemingly would be easier to construct.
 I would think, but who knows? Yeah.
 Um, meanwhile,  Epcot has opened figments inspiration station, a place to stand in a line to get popcorn buckets.
  There are chunks of the original journey into, uh, imagination, like little stuff on display there  museum, as if it were, as it were a Pelford civilization.
 Oh, and then there's a light show  with the spaceship earth ball and sometimes it flashes figments colors.
 Wow.
 So that's much  better than fixing what has been, uh, one of the bottom five rides maybe on earth for the last  20 years.
 Yeah.
 Uh, so there's that, um, I haven't thought unless you guys have any more to say,  I, uh, going back to the Texas universal park, I think, you know, it's potentially very promising.
  Uh, it seems like it could be very fun, but let me pose this question as a thought exercise.
 Yeah.
  And I'm sure we agree this would be better, but what would here, let me just present it.
  If they did this 25 years ago, we wouldn't be getting dream works, Shrek stuff.
 We would be  getting more of the classic universal, but kid rides.
 Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
 So I'm, I pose the question  what little kid versions of classic universal rides would we want in this park? Little backdraft,  little backdraft.
 You put on, you get to put on little fire helmets and blast with a hoe.
 Like  the thing that you liked where you save Santa's house from a fire in Santa's village.
 Right.
  Little backdrop.
 And you may, but I think you keep it all the same too, where you, there's also an  intro from little Ron Howard.
 Okay, great.
 They get a little red haired kid, turn around in a little  director's hat.
 That's good.
 Talk about how little movies are made.
 Right.
 Well, you know,  Cinderella man.
 I get ready to meet Cinderella kid.
 Was Cinderella man in the parks?  Cinderella man is not in the parks, but it is a notable poster on the studio tour that always  stuck out to me.
 Cause I was like, did Cinderella man make a big impression and did it make money?  So you're saying this poster will be in this hypothetical 25 years ago.
 It's a roller coaster.
  Child boxing experience.
 It's a ride.
 It's a coaster with so many inversions that it makes  you delirious.
 Like you're a boxer who just got hit in the head a bunch.
 Okay.
 And it's for children.
  Yeah.
 It's sort of like the Jedi training academy at the Disney parks, but it teaches you how to  do a cigarette punch, which is where, uh, if you're a guy, it seems like he wants to fight,  you try to make peace and you offer him a cigarette.
 And then when, cause when people  put a cigarette in the mouth, they inevitably open their mouth.
 So as he's doing that, you uppercut  him under the jaw and he breaks a bunch of teeth.
 Is this something you learn in the movie Cinderella  man? No, I learned this in a Jack Reacher book.
 Too violent for the movies.
 I, uh, maybe the Amazon  show might have it.
 Is this something that was named by Jack Reacher author or is this something  child child? Yes.
 I don't know.
 I feel like this is like a street fighting.
 Like this is like a,  I'm sure it's a tough guys have been doing this move.
 I just wonder if the cigarette punch has  sort of been like branded before that.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 I mean, so we have little  backdraft, little Cinderella man.
 That's a great start.
  20 years ago, they were still pushing for what he would.
 Yeah.
 There would be a giant  nut house coaster if this was 25 years ago.
 For sure.
 Yeah.
 All that stuff.
 Um, there would  definitely be little, I love Lucy babies.
 There would be, they would be like Muppet babies,  but the I love Lucy and there would be like Lucy attribute, but they'd all be babies.
 Uh,  it would all be baby versions.
 We've made a decision here, which is that that unilaterally  it is baby versions of movies that they have property.
 Yeah.
 We all decided on that,  which is, I don't think what they're going to do in Frisco.
 However, um, that maybe they should.
  Well, it makes sense.
 These are adults.
 I love Lucy's an adult property.
 So it'd have to be  kidified and what better way to do it by just adding babies to it.
 So I love Lucy babies,  little backdraft.
 Well, I like the idea that the I love Lucy gang all met when they were little,  like that Flintstones cartoon implied.
 Oh, I liked that cartoon.
 I remember that.
  Cartoon.
 You liked the Flintstones babies.
 Yeah.
 I liked it.
 Okay.
 I got to see my  favorite characters as kids.
 Was there a Scooby Doo one? Yeah, there was.
 I forget the name of it.
  A pup named Scooby Doo.
 Oh yeah.
 A pup named Scooby.
 So yeah, I love Lucy.
 It would have been  perfect with this.
 Um, so yeah, I mean, there would have to be back to the future.
  Little vertigo.
 Yeah.
 A child obsessed with what would he be? He wouldn't be obsessed with like  making a woman look like his dead wife or girlfriend.
 He would be obsessed with something  like making a, uh, making a teddy bear look like a different teddy bear.
  Yes.
 Okay.
 So little vertigo is a little boy loses his teddy bear and then he gets a new  teddy bear, but he's obsessed with the old teddy bear.
 So he keeps taking the teddy bear to like  build a bear and he's like making demands.
 It's like, no, the fur isn't right.
 The fur isn't right  part the fur here.
 Die the fur darker brown.
 It's not right.
 Now where this dress,  where this dress bear stunningly accurate baby.
 Yeah.
 It's what a baby sounds like.
  That's exactly what your baby sounds.
 Yeah.
 She's talking already.
  Five months.
 Oh, dude.
 Go, go, go, go.
 So what's crazy about that? Beloved SNL character.
 Oh yeah.
  A brief run on Nick at night too.
 Totally perplexing.
 Mr.
 Bill was on Nick at night.
  Yeah.
 I don't remember that Scott.
 Do you remember that? Um, no.
 Oh really? You're a huge Mr.
 Bill  fan.
 It's weird.
 I, I even, I remember the, the pizza hut character that was ripped off from Mr.
  Bill.
 I remember that.
 Sure.
 Um, so well, yeah, that's okay.
 Little vertigo that closes it out,  I guess, as far as ideas.
 I mean, yeah, they were pushing Apollo 13.
 Yeah.
 I, you know,  you don't even have to like babyify it could just be like, well, you know, it's the, the,  what would have been the title is Apollo 13 and a half.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What about,  this is made for that straight to video.
 They should, they could do that today.
 The Munsters  division does a half.
 Well, this is what I want.
 I want somebody to send me a list of what they got  and just add a half to some of these titles.
 There was also a horror movie.
 Bring it on.
  Was it on? Yeah.
 That was on sci-fi channel.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what it was called? Uh, I can look it  up.
 Okay.
 Bring it on horror movie.
 So this is a thing that's happening is a horror rising of,  I guess more benign properties of 2000s era.
 Bring it on colon cheer or die.
 Really? Okay.
 I don't  know if it's in Canon.
 Okay.
 We're getting very fractional with our reboots.
 Yeah.
 Really.
 Um,  so Apollo 13 and a half, um, Missy Pyle plays the principal.
 Okay.
 Fun.
  Are we still recording? I think we've died.
  I think so.
 I think there's actual.
 What was it? Missy Pyle plays the principal.
 That's right.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 Very good, sweet Jason.
 Now enter eternal bliss.
 Uh, Tron light cycle run officially opening  April 4th at Disney World.
 We're still doing that.
 That actually is happening.
 Tiana's place  replacing the French market, which has seemed like an out of date cafeteria for a long time,  although the food's been fairly solid.
 It's okay.
 Yeah.
 Food's okay there.
 Is that the list?  You got anything else? Oh, happily ever after is coming back.
 Uh, harmonious ends April 2nd  and Epcot forever is back on April 3rd.
 So a lot of what Disney's rolling out is this thing's back.
  We did not come up with a suitable replacement.
 So this thing's back.
 Okay.
 But my question really,  where's the coupon? Oh wait, the coupon hasn't been produced in all this time.
  Well, look, he had a list to go through.
 Oh yeah.
 That's true.
 I have, uh, lost my email.
  I guess Scott rapid.
 Oh, I've lost.
 I happen to have lost my email.
 One, if you get one coupon a  week, this should be the easiest search in the world.
 They usually come on.
 Well, no, cause I  delete.
 I've been trying to like get space back on Gmail.
 So we're fascinating.
 Deleting the paper  trail.
 Is it in the trash? Reminds me of how our government officials just keep finding documents.
  So where did these documents show up in, uh, in, in my home? Biden was holding a bunch of  $4 coupons to CVS in his home.
 That's what they found.
 We're onto him and we're onto you.
 Uh,  wait, you don't have the most recent, what's not Thursday yet.
 Wait a minute.
 The date is very  convenient too.
 It's Wednesday.
 So you should have tomorrow's coupon.
 Huh? You should have  come in on Thursday.
 What time? Can't follow up question.
 Can Mike be in your house when it  shows up between midnight and 6 AM? I get the email.
 Then I have to activate it.
 Okay.
 And then  it goes, uh, so by the time this episode comes out, we will be able to, on our Twitter post a photo  of your $4 CVS coupon.
 And I think, I think he has to produce that and the purchase,  whatever the purchase was, we need to know what you got with the $4 candy.
 Here is an older one.
  Okay.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 The $4.
 No, this is a receipt.
 You can see the $4 off in this receipt.
 That's  close, but not quite what I'm looking for.
 You get emails with your receipts.
 Well, yeah,  cause you can select it.
 You can't select.
 You don't get those crazy long receipts anymore.
 You  can just get your receipts.
 But the crazy long receipts are so much fun.
 I mean, print them out  and then you got a fun paper scarf to wear.
 I'm going to walk over and look at this, look at this  receipt to just see what it even says.
 See if I can discern.
 Oh, I just forward it to you.
 Okay.
  I was moving, but okay.
 You guys sort out the physical, uh, you can see there's a $4 receipt.
  There's a $1 off a Hallmark card.
 I was buying Christmas cards.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Scott, you can  wrap it up.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Everyone get everything into position that you need to, but, but for now  you survived podcast, the ride, uh, you can find us on the socials at podcast, the ride,  merches available in our T public store.
 Um, uh, little wooden messy boy of podcasts,  the ride shirt coming soon, um, for three bonus episodes every month, check out podcast,  the ride, the second gate, or get one more bonus episode on our new tier club three, uh,  which has a fun episode about earnest ghost, you splash mountain coming out soon.
 Uh,  you will find all of that at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride might give you fully investigated  invented Jason's coupon situation.
 Well, it does say, I'm looking at his receipt now.
  He bought a shoe box birthday card, because he also had a dollar off Hallmark coupon.
  And then he bought a Hershey Kit Kat crisp wafer, dark chocolate.
 And it does say, uh,  on the discount, there's four discounts applied.
 So he stacked discounts, which I love to see  2% back in extra bucks, 2% back in extra bucks, $4 off your purchase, then a dollar off Hallmark  coupon.
 So it does say $4 off your purchase.
 It's just, I'm how I don't understand how you  would get such a good deal with no strings attached.
 I don't either.
 Wow.
 And how long  have you been getting this? I would say at least six months, not a year.
 Okay.
 Well, this is,  this is opening up Jason to such scrutiny.
 People are going to start like, uh, showing up,  like trying to find you to bother you thinking you're a philanthropist, like Mr.
 Moneybags here,  saving $4 a week.
 Then surely you can finance my short film or help my relative who's sick.
  I'm worried that we're making this public.
 That's the best deal.
 And they've already changed it.
  But for a while I was going and buying two boxes of movie theater candy, cause those were two for  $4 or two through $3.
 So, you know, get some snow caps, get some Sour Patch Kids.
 Okay.
 Hold on.
  I have, okay, here we go.
 I have the offers that I didn't see before $2 off your purchase,  but not for.
 You're not a CVS VIP.
 Why? Why not? I don't, because, uh, maybe, I don't know,  maybe you could go in there and you could smile more.
 You could have a chipper attitude like Jason  has.
 I think a cashier saw Jason with a pep in his step, buying a bunch of boxes of movie candy  at once and thought I'm going to do a kindness for this young man who brightened my day with his  smile.
 Jason was like whistling candy man from Willy Wonka.
 They're like, look at this nice young  man.
 He like clicked his heels together when he came into CVS.
 They're like, you know what?  Let's give him free candy every week.
 You sir have the golden ticket.
 Wow.
 This is crazy.
 I  got to figure this out.
 I got to figure this out too.
 We'll see if one comes tomorrow.
 I've  been waiting for it to cut off.
 Wow.
 Well, hold on.
 Hold on.
 No, no, I have $4 off your $20 purchase.
  I do not have the $4.
 Just a $4 with no strings attached.
 Yeah.
 I do not have a no strings.
 I'm  going to be combing through this all night, but wow.
 Okay.
 Say partner who listens to podcast  the ride and I don't, how was their newest episode? Oh, it's good.
 They talked at one point about how  Disney's shifting their park hopping time from 1 PM to 11 AM.
 And then towards the end, they went  through Jason's CVS receipts as if they were doing his taxes.
 This is why I didn't bring this up  sooner because I'm like, well, this is going to be like a third of an episode.
 If I talk about my  free candy trips.
 Little and little did you know that your bio would come into question for,  for so long, right? There's been a lot to comb over someone to mention that, but I don't know.
  I forget it's been messy boy for a long time and wooden got added during the Pinocchio craze.
 I  still got to watch the del Toro one.
 That one looks good.
 Yeah.
 That's what's the biggest deterrent  getting us to watch something.
 Is it being good? That puts it at the back of our queue.
  Um, all right.
 Well, I think you've been audited sufficiently and unless Mike has more Mike,  you've said, hold on.
 And then said more numbers several times.
 Now, do you need to do that again?  I have a coupon for $3 off Listerine mouthwash.
 This isn't about you.
 This is about Jason's  bonds.
 You're right.
 Jason's coupon shine.
 You're going to get a better deal at target or Walmart  on that.
 I'm Listerine.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I agree.
 Bye.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
 For more original podcasts,  please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest forever dog news by  following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
