 Club Three.
  All right, it's Club Three, let's cut the shit.
  We're talking Ernest goes to Splash Mountain  and I'm happy about that, that's a good thing.
  But I can't help but say at the beginning,  this was not an ordinary month with just ordinary topics.
  And we had one, there was one that was sitting in the five  that I was so confident about.
  Even, and I even told you guys like,  well, let's pick a few others,  but we know what it's gonna be.
  And what we thought that was gonna be is Bar Rescue  and a deep dive into the world of Bar Rescue  and Jon Taffer.
  And look what happened.
  Look, how did we not?  Like they're wasting the topics.
  They're throwing the good topics away.
  They're throwing them right in the trash.
  Those are perfectly good topics.
  The voting machines are rigged.
  We have to investigate.
  And they're soaked in raw chicken.
  You're conducting your votes  with chicken soaked voting buttons.
  You're wasting paper from the ballots.
  The ballots are too big.
  New Orleans Square is on fire again.
  Every five years it's on fire.
  There are digital ways to do this.
  You need to get with the times  and you need to fix your fucking marriage.
  I'll be back tomorrow.
  You better have called your wife by then.
  Oh, you could have had that.
  You could have had it all.
  As Adele says, you could have had it all.
  You could have had an episode  that we would have had to record  in fits and starts in 10 sessions  because we blew our voices out every time.
  That's why McGruff 3 has been taking so long  because we are trying to get our voices back  to full strength.
  We've done so many sessions on it.
  It's good vibrations.
  It's been going for six months.
  I don't know if this will ever end,  but we got another one of the books tomorrow.
  I'm dreading it.
  Tearing my vocal cords apart.
  I have to say though,  I was very pleased by all the votes for port of entry.
  And then people go, this is for Jason.
  This is a vote for Jason.
  The heart of PTR.
  Look, I'm not saying it.
  People say it.
  I don't know.
  Was that quote said?  Are you making that one up now?  Jason, Jason, let's be honest here.
  I don't say the, you know, people say it.
  Maybe no one.
  Maybe no one did say it.
  I don't know.
  I think you're hearing it more and more.
  I think I called myself the heart and soul of podcast,  the ride on my sent in video on the episode of  double threats.
  You called that,  you could, that contained the phrase of the heart and soul.
  I called myself the heart and soul of podcast, the ride.
  So Jason's just calling himself the heart.
  All right, I'll take the brains.
  That's fine.
  Jason's the brains of podcast.
  Oh no.
  Sure sleeps a lot for the brainiac, but that's all right.
  Well, I'm the big old dick.
  That's what I'm calling.
  All right.
  The massive hog of podcast snort snort from Mr.
 Hog.
  She was Mr.
 Hog here in the new year.
  You take your brains.
  Well, with that said, I mean, Jason,  is it, do you want to any further endorse port of entry,  which is the entrance area of islands of adventure?  Main street.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  I mean, look, if it's going to second chance voting,  if it automatically gets in,  I would push it up to the main feed if I had my druthers, but.
  Is that, was that a move we can do if,  Didn't we promote something?  We promoted something that didn't win.
  If it wins, would you say, well, I will,  I am taking it upon myself to move this up?  No, no, I just meant in general,  if it wins where the club three voters have spoken,  so we must abide by their choice.
  Then it must be in the club.
  But if it does not win,  you will enact another episode elsewhere.
  Let me ask a question and maybe,  oh no, the taffer voice has ruined me already.
  We've done my gruff sessions all weekend  and our throats are bleeding.
  It was so disturbing when you just coughed up blood.
  That was really gross.
  I really apologize.
  It was like 40 minutes in.
  Is it, maybe I'm opening up a big can of worms here.
  Can we have a thing where the club three members  maybe vote on referendums as well?  Episode topics is like,  so yeah, is it a possible thing to add to our  PTR constitution that we can move up a winner  of a club three poll to a main feed?  Or is it a referendum just giving Jason  some sort of sweeping power?  He has more power than the two of us.
  Oh my God.
  I'm not saying I'm not proposing that,  but I'm just saying in a hypothetical way,  should we have the club three members vote on like  what the next episode is and then on something to add  to the podcast to write constitution?  I'm not sure.
  I mean, I'm comfortable with the way things are  where we are this supreme group of infallible,  forever serving members who kind of have more power  than the votes and the democracy in a way.
  I'm pretty comfortable with that in all its forms.
  Like that's power to me.
  So this is, I don't know.
  I think you're talking bedlam here.
  You start opening up amendments  and giving people true rights.
  Oh, right.
  Oh, okay.
  Interesting what you're saying here.
  You know, I think let's just keep it in mind.
  I'm not saying we got to do it now, but yeah,  if there's something that we, you know,  are having a disagreement about,  maybe we just throw it to the special club three listeners.
  I'm not, yeah, I don't think we have to do it every episode  or every month or whatever, but yes,  there's something that gets so heated  that it can only be solved by committee, by the people.
  Yeah, yeah, uh-huh.
  So do we need to do this with like,  is, what's the name of the goddamn Green Day?  Billy Joel Armstrong?  No, what's the name of the, the perfect album?  Oakland Coffee?  No, the album, the perfect, you said it.
  That's a perfect, you said it breathlessly  that it's a perfect album.
  Do I say American Idiot is perfect?  American Idiot is the name of it.
  I'm so happy I forgot, you can tell  I had a great Christmas break  that I forgot the name of American Idiot.
  That's the Green Day coffee line that they introduced.
  The Green Day is summoned  and your second guess is Oakland Coffee.
  What are the, let's do kind of like the password of,  or what's the, like name 10 things about Green Day.
  To you, one of them is Oakland Coffee.
  While it's been recently,  a couple of people have sent me ads for it  just to keep it on my radar.
  Yes, Oakland Coffee is, I haven't tried it, but yeah.
  Yeah, there's one.
  That's the thing you could vote on.
  Is Oakland Coffee perfect?  Is American Idiot perfect?  Or is one as perfect as the other?  Yeah, it could be something like that,  or it could be, do we vote on giving Jason like  supreme power over episode choice for two years?  For two years?  I guess first of all, we're not doing that.
  That's hypothetical.
  First we're falsifying quotes about Jason.
  Now we're giving him, now he gets the reigns  for two straight years.
  We're not voting on that.
  We're not bringing that to the people.
  I'm just saying hypothetically that could be something  that everyone votes on.
  That's all I'm saying.
  Jason, you think that?  Matt, what do you think about all this shit?  You know, I think we just had to see which direction  the will of the people leans if it comes to a point  where somehow I have gargantuan voting and final say power.
  And you two are like a Kevin McCarthy,  and I'm like the kicked in the head by a horse caucus  in the US House.
  And somehow I have all the power.
  You know, we'll just have to wait and see.
  So I just want to, yeah, I want to put it in our brains,  and if it pops up where a good opportunity,  I think we could throw it to the Club 3 members.
  I'd like to tack on an amendment to the Jason power  referendum that if that comes to a vote,  that also, with great power comes great responsibility,  and you now have the responsibility  of editing the show as well.
  That's in your court now.
  Writing the levels, you take over on the headphones  for Mike.
  We might see a shockingly quick drop in quality  in the show if that happens.
  Because Mike, I've seen Mike practically asleep  with his eyes closed doing text stuff,  or like this stuff he's like, I'll just crack this out.
  Where is that?  I don't know, you're always, like you never,  you haven't gotten, I always say you haven't gotten  a good night's sleep since I met you in 2009.
  That's true, well, yeah.
  So.
  You get two good nights of sleep every single night.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I know.
  16 hours again.
  The power of, you know, laws of energy transference,  it can't be destroyed.
  The good night's sleep can't be destroyed.
  It has to go somewhere, and I try to give it back to him,  but it's just not possible.
  You take Mike's.
  You take Mike's from him.
  If you're not gonna do it, I will.
  Okay, so what I think we can sum up here is that  now and the future we can, if we really feel strongly  somebody can bring something that they want the audience  to vote on, but we each can tack an amendment on it.
  We can add pork to the idea.
  Yes, great.
  We can add pork to it, and so you could bog it down.
  So it could be Jason wants to propose that he's in charge  of the show for two years, but then you could bog it down  with something that the audience would not want.
  That I give, uh-huh, uh-huh.
  I'm trying to think.
  We just put, well, I'm trying to think.
  Every episode has chewing on the microphone from now on.
  Every episode has chewing on the microphone.
  Or I would say like-  Navi Babies.
  There's a Navi Baby check-in corner every single episode.
  Every five minutes, the song Scatman and Hatman plays,  and then oftentimes he just plays over us talking,  and you can kind of make out what we're saying.
  So I could completely sink that proposal.
  So I think that's fair.
  That's in, you could do that whenever you want  as the editor of many of the episodes.
  Well, here's what's funny.
  I have put little things in episodes recently  that no one's caught.
  What?  I don't wanna say what they are.
  Huh?  I put little things that I thought somebody would notice  in episodes, and it's not happened.
  No one's noticed this.
  Can not imagine, okay.
  I mean, like, the listeners haven't, and we haven't.
  I don't know that we're always re-listening.
  What kind of, what degree of thing?  What can you say about the things without giving it away?  They're just little tiny audio things,  and they're not during the actual talking of the episodes.
  But they're in-  Little Paul is dead in nuggets.
  Yeah, similar to that, yes.
  I don't know, I'm not sure where any of these  have ever been, if they really exist.
  Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip.
  Scatman, I've never heard of any of these little drops.
  It's just reverse scatman hatman.
  I'm just looping around.
  How, well, this is a little Easter egg hunt  you've issued to the listener.
  Have you noticed anything weird?  I would say in the last, there's a,  the one I'm thinking of mostly is in the last month  and a half, I put it in there.
  Wow, well somebody's gonna-  And I noticed anyone bring it up, so I wonder.
  Wow, wow.
  Okay, well, there's an assignment and some new protocols.
  We'll throw some votes your way.
  That's right, there's a lot of business to attend to here.
  But to get to the primary one, the winner this much,  I am excited, look, I'm upset about Bar Rescue and John,  but I'm really excited that Ernest Goes to Splash Mountain  came around as suggested by Jonathan Cook.
  This, of course, is a special from 1989  about the first man to brave  the then brand new attraction Splash Mountain  and that man happens to be the lovable,  clumsy, redneck Ernest P.
 Worrall.
  Of course.
  Of many types of media from when we were growing up.
  There's a timeliness to this in that I think  by the time it's out, either it is about to happen  or will have happened that Disney World Splash Mountain,  the original Splash Mountain iteration there  will have closed.
  Disneyland, I don't know, they haven't said the date  as we're recording this, but I don't think  it's long for this world as the Tiana makeover begins.
  Is there a date?  I don't think for Disneyland yet,  unless they have confused brand new information.
  I'm not sure.
  Yeah.
  Give it a look and if you want to declare anything  that you get if you're right, feel free as well.
  Well, we should have the audience vote  if he gets it, if he's right.
  But the point is either way, we're losing these real soon,  original Splash Mountain for good reasons,  but some things will start disappearing  about that initial iteration, Splash Mountains  on people's minds currently trending a lot  on our type of Twitter, which is always concerning  given certain ways that it's been trending.
  Uh-huh, sure.
  I think it was you, Scott, made a joke  about the new Tiana restaurant.
  Oh yes, because that was also just announced  that they're turning the French market  in New Orleans Square into Tiana's,  which we've speculated on on the show.
  Does that go into Hungry Bear?  Does Critter Country start becoming Princess  in the Frog Country?  But no, instead it is Bridget,  because New Orleans makes sense thematically too.
  So, new restaurant.
  It's a buffeteria style that has seemingly  not been updated in a long time.
  They switched the menu every now and then.
  And you were like, let's not be creepy  and weird about this one.
  And wouldn't you know it, we got some replies  that sure enough were creepy and weird.
  I couldn't believe you.
  Like actually, you make a joke that actually involves  an issue, quote unquote, and then you get stuck  getting these issue creeps.
  Deadly serious, do not follow us.
  That's all of course, they never do.
  Always, always.
  They get on Twitter a huntin'.
  They got huntin' to do.
  I'm itchin' for a fight today.
  A fight that we are not going to get into.
  We have better things to do.
  No.
  Very strange.
  You are both correct.
  KTLA has an article from like 10.
  I'm right?  What am I right about?  About Splash Mountain not closing in Disneyland.
  They haven't officially announced the article  from earlier today on KTLA.
  When will Disneyland Splash Mountain close  for good theme park bloggers way in?  What?  It's still speculation.
  It's still speculation.
  Why, what?  What a non-store.
  First of all, why weren't we asked?  And second of all, why was anyone asked?  I don't know.
  Yeah, just to start.
  January 30th.
  March 18th.
  I don't know, like what?  It's a great article.
  It's a psychic.
  Yeah, they're more, I don't know.
  Maybe there's a theme park fan psychic out there  that covers all the ground.
  Maybe.
  We hope.
  There's gotta be a street in Orlando  full of theme park psychics.
  I'm calling a shot.
  Episode about theme park psychics in the year 2023.
  Great, great.
  Well, we'll find it.
  We'll have them on the show.
  But yeah, you know, Splash Mountain winding down.
  No more original ride.
  No more petitions saying not to take away.
  No more pointless petitions saying not to take away  the original ride.
  But there's a lot of, you know,  fond memories I feel like associated  with the opening of the ride.
  Especially the like, the promotional blitz of 1989.
  So many commercials,  presence in every special Disney did around that time.
  Whether or not it was all Splash Mountain or not.
  Of course, the famous zip,  the crazy rap that got some play on Twitter a few years ago  for being called horny, I guess.
  That's one take on it.
  I, it's hard to see horniness through like such,  such bright clothes, through the like brightest  11 year old clothes you've ever seen.
  Yeah, I don't get that from the clip.
  They kind of like sway their hips.
  The boys and the girls at each other a little bit.
  I guess.
  I was a little surprised that was the angle.
  I guess that feels like a weird like ultra Christian  like point of view, I guess.
  But I don't think that's where it was coming from.
  Like this dancing is obscene.
  Yeah, that special was banned from being viewed  in middle schools and high schools when it came out.
  People, are they upset by Elvis still?  Like what?  Yeah.
  The photography on television.
  But the craziest one, probably this.
  Probably this half hour special,  which I think was on the Disney Channel  and it was syndicated as well.
  A full half hour, a little mini Ernest movie.
  And Ernest, a lot of the Ernest titles  are the format of Ernest Goes To.
  I think Ernest Goes to Jail was one.
  Is Ernest Goes to Camp one of them?  Ernest Scared Stupid breaks from that format.
  Ernest Saves Christmas.
  They aren't all goes to,  I think there's an Ernest Goes to Africa.
  Is there?  A lot of times he's, yeah, that was a latter day.
  Oh.
  Four of the movies were kind of higher end  and made for touchstone pictures.
  So that's part of why this happens  that it's in the Disney, Ernest is in the Disney umbrella.
  But then I think they dropped the deal  and the movies became a little more scattershot,  straight to video, we'll get these out and done,  but they won't have the sterling production value  of Ernest Scared Stupid.
  Which I have some information about, I learned.
  Oh really?  Oh great, great.
  Well, that maybe takes us into this.
  Oh, go ahead.
  Maybe this getting ahead of the thing, of everything.
  I'm watching this special real quick  and I just wanna talk a little bit about Ernest.
  I'm watching this and I realize,  maybe I've said this on the show and I forgot  it's a revelation to me.
  I am afraid of Ernest.
  This does sound familiar.
  And maybe I've said this before and I'm like,  really remembering.
  It might have been years ago.
  Right, it might have been years ago  when we were talking about,  the first time you ever referenced this  cause we'll probably talk about that.
  I will certainly repeat material based on  whenever this came up, forever ago.
  But I'm watching this and I'm going,  I think I put like Ernest and Pinhead from Hellraiser  on the same level of freaked out by them.
  As from a kid.
  Cause I've seen the clips recently,  but this is the first time I've sat down  and watched a piece of Ernest media  that's longer than 45 seconds in years.
  And I was like, oh, the fish eyed lens.
  Sure.
  The weirdness of all of this.
  I'm remembering now how unnerving I found Ernest.
  The way he, he's often shot in fish eye  and he's often like,  look at the logo of this show,  which might be in our artwork or you can Google it.
  Ernest goes to Splash Mountain and his face cut out  looking so bulbous.
  Always.
  And just his neck bulging and mouth bulging.
  That's part of it.
  I mean, that is part of it and I get it,  but I was watching this  and I was trying to get over that feeling.
  And I've gotten over that feeling by the way,  with Pinhead.
  I've watched multiple Hellraisers at this point  and they're gross movies,  but like I don't quite have the same visceral reaction  to Pinhead anymore.
  I couldn't get over my reaction with Ernest.
  Wow.
  Maybe I need to watch more Ernest movies.
  I think we're not, the faces, he's very good at faces.
  He's great.
  I like him.
  Not only is it fish eyes, really close on him.
  And a lot of the, I watched a lot of the commercial.
  There's a lot of compilations.
  Yeah, his commercials.
  Cause he was an ad character at first.
  Yes, he was like the Geico caveman before.
  As if they'd gotten multiple movies  instead of just a network television show.
  Yeah, just a show for a few episodes.
  And it started as like advertising regional car dealerships.
  Yes.
  Right.
  I feel you, you know, when you say you're afraid of him,  I flash to Ernest goes to jail,  which I would probably, similar to this special,  I would probably watch now and think this is very like  chintzy and silly.
  But I was so scared of the idea of jail when I was a kid.
  And then like, I'm looking at the poster of it right now.
  And he's like, you know, like giant weird smile.
  It looks like he has 500 teeth.
  I'm also reminded of Ernest's exact double counterpart  in that movie, if you remember or have seen it.
  Like that's, I don't remember why he,  I think he ends up in jail.
  It's a switcheroo because there's a real like rough villain  who, and he's sort of playing like,  he's like De Niro in Cape Fear, something that shows his range.
  He's really good and scary as the other Ernest,  but that made me afraid of Ernest that there's like,  all you do, you make him not smile.
  And now he's a terrifying psychopath.
  I didn't, so yes, I realized that my Ernest fear,  I don't think comes from the jail thing,  even though I wasn't a big fan of jail growing up either.
  I think it was more of the trailer and commercials  for Ernest scared stupid.
  Because as I started going through this  and I started trying to figure out exactly  what this was coming from,  I do believe that the creatures that they showed,  and I watched clips of her and I did not watch the whole movie  because I'm not that brave yet.
  Ernest scared stupid has monster troll characters.
  Do you remember these?  I'm looking at them now.
  I haven't seen a picture of them in forever.
  And they are scary as shit.
  They're still scary.
  I'll affirm this.
  They're gross.
  They are cool.
  Also, I appreciate them now.
  Incredible, practical.
  I gotta watch this movie now, but.
  Yes, I know.
  I was like, this is a couple hours ago.
  I'm looking through this stuff and I'm like,  oh, Ernest, maybe Ernest scared stupid is good.
  Did you feel like a safety blanket feeling  with the presence of Eartha Kitt?  Well, I always do.
  Somewhere in there.
  I always feel good when Eartha Kitt's around.
  The quick thing I learned on YouTube or something is that  I think the same guys that did Killer Clowns  had something to do with those animatronic,  or not animatronic, suits and stuff.
  Because they are, literally,  they showed side by sides of the Killer Clowns  and those trolls, and they're the same shape.
  And they just like remade the trolls  over the Killer Clowns, essentially.
  Look at those molds, really.
  Wow.
  Kyoto brothers?  Yes, that's them.
  Yes, thank you.
  So I was like, wow, okay.
  So I was like, yeah, this is, I think, even more so,  because he is unnerving.
  That's part of the gimmick.
  And he's like in your face and annoying.
  And that's his gimmick.
  But also, I think it's the commercials  for Ernest Scared Stupid that Extra added to me going,  oh, this is so gross, I'm so scared of Ernest.
  Ernest is a guy to you who's around scary things.
  Yes, he is.
  So that's the association now with Pinhead, I think,  is because of that, because of that movie specifically.
  Look at this shot where there's a girl in bed  with a teddy bear, and then the troll is.
  It's so gross.
  I'm scared of this.
  That is so gross.
  Who must have snuck into bed.
  Like, this must be the moment that she turns around  and sees there's a troll in the bed with her.
  Yeah.
  It's a scary frame.
  If you didn't know, this was from an Ernest movie.
  Right.
 Wow.
  I watched a clip of Ernest fighting a troll  on the back of a flatbed truck.
  And I was like, this is great also.
  Now I can see it, but I can't.
  I'm trying to get rid of the old residual kid feeling,  because I'm like, this suit is creepy,  and Ernest is fighting a troll.
  And then I thought the thing I always say on the show  about Indiana Jones that I wish they had followed  is that the Indiana Jones movies  would all be a completely different genre  in the way that one and two are.
  They did this with Ernest.
  Ernest is a character who's in a different place  every time.
 Yes.
  Wacky summer camp movie, Christmas movie,  prison escape movie, creepy Halloween movie.
  It's awesome.
 Sports movie  with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar straight to video.
  Fantastic.
  The savants of an amazing basketball player  written an insane amount of books.
  He's written four books alone starring Mycroft Holmes,  the super intelligent brother of Sherlock Holmes.
  Ah, well.
  Brain's a podcast the right way.
  That's why he's the brains.
  He's the only one who can crack a book in his 30s.
  Cameo in Glass Onion, you know?  So yeah, so all that, that's my whole journey with Ernest.
  I was trying to figure stuff out,  and then I realized Ernest is the way  I wanted Indiana Jones to go,  where it was fully different genre movies.
  I do really like the, because this is Peewee,  and there haven't been that many Peewee movies,  and really only the first one is great.
  Right, right.
  But I do like the idea that the movie starts,  and you kind of just get acquainted with where he is now.
  There's not a bunch of backstory telling you  why he's at the circus now.
 Doesn't matter.
  It just begins.
  I mean, assuredly, Peewee is why Ernest movies happened,  right?  There's a market for bizarre, cartoony,  but live action characters to anchor movies.
  Yeah, does that timeline make sense?  Yeah, it would have been.
  Yeah, Ernest comes a little bit after.
  I think so.
 Big adventure.
  Well, I think just too, who's very popular is local ads,  and gradually that got bigger and bigger  until he's advertising like Sprite and Mellow Yellow.
  That's crazy.
 He's doing gigantic.
  Yeah.
  The same guy can be the spokesman for, you know,  like local dairy, but then also Sprite,  and then all of these companies are fine with him doing.
  No, it doesn't have to be exclusive.
 Who cares?  Yeah.
  It was funny too, the one Sprite commercial.
  I kind of mentioned it at the top,  but it was when Sprite was doing the thing of like,  ditch that cola, drink the lemon lime,  clean, clear Sprite.
  Like clean as selling a soda.
  It's very funny.
 It's clean.
  Because it's clear.
  It's clean.
  It's clear.
 It needs like fruit, quotation marks.
  It's like filtered water.
  You're not going to drink a bunch of muddy water  out of a fish tank, right?  No, you're going to drink the clear water.
  They should do it again.
 They should do it.
  Scott, do you know, I texted Mike this early,  do you know about Starry?  I do not.
  Pepsi has replaced Sierra Mist.
  Sierra Mist has been retired once again,  and now they're selling Starry, the new lemon lime soda.
  Is it spelled like the word Starry,  or is there like a shortening or an I?  No.
  Okay.
  But the new Starry is-  S-T-R-Y or S-T-R-I.
  I'm trying to think of the douchey way to spell it.
  Yeah, that's what I'm wondering.
  S-T-R, no, it's just the word Starry.
  Yeah, I was trying to think of the worst way to do it.
  And they, when they said how they came up with it,  you know, they were talking about the idea behind it  in the marketing, and they said,  Starry hits different.
  It's not an answer.
  You just said a young person phrase.
  That is no answer for why you did this.
  Well, they're going nuts for Starry.
  Why do these soda companies believe  that the cosmos can be captured in the taste of a soda?  Everybody's so confident about this.
  Hubris.
  Coke, Starly, and Starry.
  Let me do a little bit of Ernest and Jim Varney deep,  I don't think we've said the name Jim Varney yet.
  No.
  Jim, here's how all of this stuff happens.
  I didn't know the story of Jim Varney and Ernest.
  Jim Varney is an actor and a standup,  and he is achieving some level of success in Hollywood.
  He's on variety shows.
  He's being deployed as a sketch actor,  and he's a super trained Shakespearean,  which I think makes it all work.
  You could, like, in lesser hands and dumber hands,  the like full tilt committed to stupidity of Ernest  might not work.
  You could tell there's like a better actor than the,  I don't know, he's smarter than the character.
  But a lot of the stuff he's in, he's working,  but it's all a little shitty,  or just like passes really quickly.
  I didn't know that he was a cast member  on the notorious 70s variety flop, Pink Lady and Jeff.
  Oh, I didn't either.
  The only, the show, it may be neck and neck  with Brady Bunch Variety Hour,  craziest, worst 70s variety show.
  Which is, have you ever done that?  You ever tried Pink Lady and Jeff?  Ooh, boy, oh boy.
  It's a rough go.
  It's a very insane thing that they did.
  But I didn't know Jim Varney was in there,  but he kinda has a little arc,  and then it sorta stops working out.
  Things dry up for him a little bit.
  He returns to his native Kentucky,  and is just working regular jobs.
  Like, well, I guess that was my acting stretch,  and it didn't work out.
  But then, I don't know if this was before  he went to Hollywood or anything,  well, it just, in his past,  he had been in a commercial for a director named John Cherry,  who makes all these kinda low budget commercials,  local commercials, and he'd done a character  named Sergeant Glory, who is a humorless drill instructor  who harangued cows of whatever the client dairy was  into producing better milk.
  So he's a mean drill sergeant who tries to whip cows  into better milkshake, and this was so great  that they thought of him when another commercial came up,  a commercial for a theme park.
  Didn't ever do this.
  The very beginning of Ernest was a theme park thing.
  It was an ad for a Kentucky amusement park called Beach Bend,  and this park had been around for a while,  and it had fallen into disrepair,  and it was bought by a bunch of people,  including country singer Ronnie Millsap,  and they were all going to turn Beach Bend around,  and they needed to get a commercial going  to get people back into Beach Bend,  but the disrepair was so bad  that they couldn't show any part of the theme park.
  They thought it would make it look too crappy to go to.
  So how do you make a theme park commercial  without showing the theme park?  Yeah, and it's like a Ernest around or outside house,  isn't it, because, yeah, they can't really film in the park?  Well, all of them are,  I think they began the Ernest formula,  which is always in or outside John Cherry's house,  which is a crazy thing that,  we're in a big Kentucky backyard,  and that this is what national brands  and eventually Disney are committing to.
  No, this is what we want.
  We wanna see your backyard, John Cherry.
  But it's funny, because it does look like  what location manager, what location people hunt for  and have to search for in Southern California,  and it just happens to be his house and yard.
  Yeah, yeah, no, but perfectly authentic.
  So this starts everything.
  This is him talking to cameras,  and whereas he's talking to Vern, unseen friend,  but who maybe doesn't get a lot, wants him to go away, Vern.
  This is all contained in this ad for Beach Bend,  and this worked so well that a dairy company said,  today we'd like to do this,  and an ice cream company said they asked to,  and then car commercials and whatever,  and then this begins the Ernest empire.
  But it all begins with theme parks, didn't know that.
  That's crazy.
  Do you guys have specific,  did you grow up with an Ernest commercial  in your neck of the woods?  I don't have a strong memory of that.
  So I feel like he was first on my radar  in higher profile things.
  In the bigger, the national Ernest products.
  I remember loving Ernest as a little kid,  and I'm sure it's just from seeing snippets of the movies,  and then TV specials like this,  because I feel like he would show up in parades,  or he would show up in stuff.
  Yeah.
  And I mean, it's kind of like why, it's easy to sum up.
  It's easy to see why I would like this at like five or six.
  Like in the same way that Garfield is easy to sum up.
  Garfield, like, oh, he's a lazy cat.
  It's funny, a cat loves lasagna.
  He tortures John.
  He wants to send.
  Keep going, let's hear it all.
  He wants to send.
  Nermal to Abu Dhabi.
  And if you love the cat, the cat'll love you back.
  That's the thing.
  That's right, and never leave him.
  What, yeah, love me, feed me, never leave.
  Don't leave me.
  Don't leave me.
  But the same thing with,  it's kind of similar with Ernie.
  You can break it down to like,  well, he makes a lot of funny faces.
  He's very good physical comedian.
  He tortures this man, Vern, who I,  this was probably my, an early introduction to like a unique,  like, okay, this is an unseen character,  but the camera is this character's point of view.
  So you, the audience, are technically Vern.
  That's true.
  That's a big, like, and what else was like this?  You had to start like, you know, eventually,  there's like, I feel like SNL sketches started doing it  at some point, or like the continental,  the Christopher Walken sketch,  but like, what thing were we seeing as kids where like,  you have to figure out that system.
  That's pretty unique.
  The Michael, Michael Mesmith standup comedy sketch show  where Jerry Seinfeld would talk to the camera.
  The one where, he's like a private eye or something.
  Yeah, that one.
  Leno, this Leno.
  There's a Leno thing.
  Yeah.
  Sketches, I only recently became aware of these.
  They're so bizarre.
  Very bizarre, yeah.
  Rare acting appearance, sketch acting appearance.
  Yeah, look them up.
  A lot of variety.
  Imagine Jerry Seinfeld's ability to like,  be a film noir.
  Like, we know his acting ability.
  Now imagine him as an old detective.
  Oh man, the chops, exercising on the chops.
  Him in like, 86.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  I loved anything Ernest.
  My local ad was Cerritos Auto Square.
  Oh, interesting.
  Which is still like, there's tons of ads for that specifically,  but I was, I always like, you know there's those things  we've talked about that confused us as kids,  and I guess I had that, like wait a minute,  why is he in movies, and there's a Saturday morning show  of him, and he's advertising Cerritos Auto Square?  Oh, the Saturday morning show too,  I'm sure I saw bits of that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I didn't like it, I didn't like it.
  You didn't like any of this.
  Yeah.
  Scared of, even without Monsters,  or was that just tainted all of it?  Yeah, I think that extra tainted all of it,  but I always say, I was just not, I was not on board.
  I don't know, my mom walked in and was like,  he's groovy, like I don't know if she said something.
  I don't know if there was something like that,  but yeah, I was not into Ernest.
  Huh, huh.
  And I don't know, I may have even, as a kid,  there's very few things I like say,  what I, oh, I don't like that or something.
  You'd always be like, oh, I like that, or whatever,  but I feel like I might not have said that  if somebody asked me when I was little.
  You said you hate Ernest?  No, I hate him.
  Have you come around, or you still,  well you were saying, it's hard for you to unsee.
  Well, I was trying to separate the childhood trauma  from my analytical brain,  and I did it a little bit.
  I appreciate him as a performer.
  I appreciate what he's doing,  and I think there's some funny stuff in there,  but I mean, it's gonna take, it's gonna be a long,  it's gonna be like a very similar to me,  loving haunts journey through Ernest's catalog.
  Were you comforted by the fact  that the Splash Mountain special is like 22 minutes long?  Wow.
  And he's only a half of it.
  And he's not in that much of it, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, so you're not doing a ton of Ernest here.
  Yeah, it's like, what's the therapy  where you get exposure therapy?  Yeah, that's what it was for Ernest.
  So it's a good starting point for me to come around  to being a full Ernest fan.
  So next year, or later this year,  maybe there'll be an episode called Mike Loves Ernest.
  That sounds great.
  I'd love to know how and why  and what great Ernest moments.
  We'll see.
  We got you there.
  Here's a question though,  another bit of history I didn't know.
  How does the Walt Disney Company  get involved with Ernest?  How are these movies put out  through the mechanism of Touchstone?  And why is he getting a whole Disneyland special  to himself?  This was fascinating.
  Never heard this before.
  It's mid-80s, I couldn't tell you what year,  but the event is the Indy 500.
  And there is a gallery of,  I don't know how they're presented,  if they're on the back of a truck,  so they just come out and wave.
  But there are characters appearing  before the race starts.
  And one of the characters is Mickey Mouse.
  Mickey Mouse shows up and waves  and he gets an okay response.
  Then Ernest shows up.
  Everybody goes ape shit.
  People are yelling, hey, Vern,  everybody knows it.
  It's pandemonium about Ernest.
  And this is noted by one attendee  of the Indy 500 that year,  Michael Eisner.
  Michael Eisner sees,  hmm, Mickey not so much.
  This guy, who I've never heard of a lot,  he commands to an assistant,  find out everything you can on this guy.
  This is like something from a movie.
  That's wild.
  And then, we're gonna do a partner statue  with Walt and Ernest going forward.
  Be a statue in every theme park.
  Ernest, Ernest is now in the big six.
  Ernest is one of the big six.
  Mickey, Donald, Goofy, Chippendale, Daisy, Minnie, Ernest.
  Start building big Ernest foam heads.
  Let's get going on those molds.
  Ernest and friends parking structure at Disneyland.
  We're gonna put Ernest in the big orb,  the big cage orb that the motorcycles ride around  in the circus.
  We're gonna start a hockey team, Anaheim Ernest.
  The big hotel in the shape of Ernest.
  Ernest store in every mall.
  Sell Ernest merchandise.
  All right, yeah, hey, he gets a denim vest in his eyes.
  And his brain starts wandering.
  I understand.
  Isn't this crazy?  Yeah, I think Katzenberg was there too,  but it gives a shit.
  That's not, the story's cleaner.
  Katzenberg probably said like,  who cares about this Ernest character?  I don't think we should do this.
  And also, Michael, I think our movie  should be tilted the other way.
  You leave that idea in your pocket  and you leave it there forever, Jeffrey.
  So, the research is done.
  There is business to be done in Ernest world.
  And he is, this, I don't, this feels too insane.
  That he is given a four picture deal.
  What do you mean?  I think this might be incorrect intel  from wherever I was watching it.
  Because I'm 1930.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, where movies are all made outside  on two sets in three days.
  Yeah, I don't know if that's true.
  But here's what I did find out  is that the first one, Ernest goes to camp,  that was a script they already had.
  Oh wow.
  So this was their fast track to like, let's try out.
  They've done that, this keeps the budget low.
  We got this summer camp script lying around.
  Who went to camp in that?  Is it a different character?  Geez, I don't know.
  Who did they, Tron?  Tron went to camp.
  Imagine if Bruce Boxleitner from the computer world  was sucked the other way.
  And now he's in charge of a summer camp.
  It'd be awesome.
  You know what, I looked up and we,  Tron came up recently on the show.
  And while I came up, I pulled up just the box office  for both those movies.
  They were both successful.
  It was another thing where I was like,  oh, I thought this was a bomb.
  And they both made quite a bit of money  compared to their budgets.
  Yeah, it's listed, the original one is listed as,  you know, the nadir of Disney live action  and Eisner needs to save stuff.
  But yeah, if it actually did,  maybe the black hole was a bigger,  that one's like an actual bomb.
  I think like black hole and island at the top of the world  are like, they were, they were pet high hopes for.
  Black hole, they might've spent a little money on.
  Black cauldron too, I guess it was all.
  And then, it's so funny, now how long,  that's like 82, right?  Things are coming apart and then five years later,  we're back, because of stuff like earnest.
  Who knew this would be the plan?  Touchstone was an early like Eisner success.
  Like they talk about in the Disney war book,  because it was like low to mid budget movies  with kind of known people,  but maybe like known people who had had some duds  or had some personal struggles.
  Oh, so they wanted somewhere  where they could still star in movies.
  Yeah, so like, and so the budgets are low  and then they come out and they do really well.
  So I think they were talking about,  along the lines of like trying to hit singles and doubles,  like to get back up, to build back up.
  Sure, sure, sure, yeah, yeah.
  Instead of like, let's sink all our money  into one big animated movie,  and if it doesn't work out, we're screwed.
  Exactly, yeah.
  Well, earnest was just what the doctor ordered.
  They cranked out a script that existed,  told them to make it earnest,  and then suddenly he's in the fold  and he's pretty like, he's pretty around.
  Yeah, he's also in that, the 35th anniversary special.
  There's a whole like earnest 10 minute chunk  that I like a lot where he plays his own grandfather  and there's a bunch of hijinks there.
  They go on the Autopia and they're pulled over  by a highway patrol guy, which I loved when I was a kid.
  But I was also afraid that would happen on the Autopia.
  I didn't understand that was for a sketch only,  but I like that.
  This is where I like, you know,  I like earnest playing the evil earnest.
  I like earnest playing earnest grandpa.
  I love the old lady earnest.
  Oh yeah.
  That is one of the funniest things.
  I rewatched that, his, see the old lady scene  from earnest goes to jail where he like,  I don't know how he gets, it's Looney Tunes.
  I don't know how he gets the old lady disguise from jail.
  He does like 12 characters in earnest scared stupid  and like, he's like talking to a little kid  and like, I forget even how he sets it up,  but it's just a Looney Tunes gag of like, keeps cutting  and he's a different version of earnest.
  Oh great.
  Yeah.
  And he's got a lady as well.
  He's a live action Bugs Bunny a little bit.
  That's kind of the whole thing.
  I also felt like he's like, does Jim Carrey,  did Jim Carrey see this guy?  I wonder.
  I wonder too, cause I go, there's some stuff that Jim does.
  It's similar.
  It's a level of broad, it's a level of facial contortion.
  It's like stuff that like adults are like, oh, harumph.
  This is trite, terrible.
  And then, but teenagers love it or 12 year olds love it.
  I wonder.
  Yeah.
  I don't know, maybe he's, I mean, I don't think he's like  stolen and I'm just wondering if he was influenced by it.
  I think he carried the torch of the character comedy.
  Yeah.
  Which I'm so sad is not around anymore.
  Right.
  Like, you know, yeah, is there, is Ventura,  if not for earnest, is there Austin Powers?  If not for, is there Borat?  If not for earnest.
  And then we start passing that,  then it starts, the torch is taken by weaker hands,  sloppier hands, by Deuce Bigelow and, you know,  people who don't have the magic.
  I mean, I stand by pistachio disguisey,  but the world was not.
  We do.
  To end a pistachio disguisey.
  And I miss the, I actually genuinely think this,  that if, you know, yeah, comedies don't work  and they don't work over, I really think if we'd like,  let's move past this era of kind of a harsh,  I will not say anyone's name, Sullivan thing,  any keyword names of the type of comedy.
  But I really think if you start doing like,  I don't know, Dougie, and it's just a big crazy guy  on a bus, I think everybody's like, who's Dougie?  I think it's time for this kind of thing to come back.
  I agree, yeah.
  I think-  Dougie the outrageous bus driver.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  So we'll see.
  I mean, I don't know.
  Stinks up that bus.
  I don't know who's-  Tremendous fun.
  Oh, he stinks too?  Yeah.
  I mean, I don't know more about this guy.
  If that's true, what else is true?  If it's then what?  Yeah.
  Probably burps, I'd say burps.
  He's got to.
  Oh, easy, yeah.
  Hogs up the glass.
  Now the bus driver can't see.
  He's got a steering wheel in the back by the toilet too.
  So he can drive the bus while he's taking a shit.
  Taking a break, yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's one of the best sequences in the movie.
  And he's having, look, he's having diarrhea  while he's driving.
  Oh yeah.
  Sorry.
  Well, that's why he's in there so long.
  Yeah, of course.
  Makes sense.
  There's a plot reason.
  But then a hapless passenger thinks,  oh no, no one's driving the bus.
  So they start to control it.
  And then Dougie's also controlling it.
  Yeah.
  So the bus is all over the place.
  Right.
  So the main steering wheel is fighting with the toilet.
  Right.
  That's what you're saying.
  And then all of it.
  And then the poop starts slushing around.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sounds like a blast.
  You're telling me this isn't going to work,  that this can't play overseas?  Oh my God.
  Of course it could.
  There's no words in it as possible.
  It's Mr.
 Bean.
  Dougie only speaks when he must.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Great.
  Let's get going on this.
  For now, Ernest was the man of the hour in 89.
  And thus we end up with this special.
  This is a special with a very unique format.
  A lot of the special is a news report.
  And then a lot of the rest of it is the POV  of the memories of a man.
  Okay.
  Is there really like, what are we seeing?  We're seeing the tape from the news station  from Splash Mountain News Central.
  That's covering this.
  But then how are we able to flash to the,  I don't ever question, I don't question Vern usually,  but when the rest of it is a news report,  how are we seeing what Vern saw?  Yeah, no, it's very confusing.
  Mm-hmm.
  This is not no, I like that there's no logic.
  I don't mean to be a logic police here.
  Yeah.
  But it's so fun.
  So it's a live, in theory, news report.
  And sort of presented like Ernest is somewhere between,  they mention Alan Shepard, or it's kind of an evil,  Knievel, a kind of special I really like.
  I miss these two, the like.
  Super Dave.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Even, I guess that was a parody of those specials.
  It's a parody of them, but yes.
  But the thing of, stay tuned because a guy is gonna do  a tremendous thing and it could go awry,  but we're all gonna be glued to the screen to see.
  And Fox would do those later in the 90s and 2000s.
  Yeah, I love the 90s.
  Your Robbie Knievels was still going.
  RIP, did he pass away?  Did Robbie Knievel pass away today?  No.
  I think possibly.
  What?  I think, I feel like I saw his name.
  I saw Splash Mountain trending.
  And I saw Robbie Knievel.
  Am I making this up?  How would you be making it up?  He died today as we're recording this.
  Mike.
  The PTR curse has been summoned in real time.
  Holy fuck.
  Wow.
  You got an Apple News notification.
  I did not see it.
  In the middle of your many other notifications.
  I did not see this.
  This came up organically.
  No, but Jason's saying that it was like subliminally.
  I saw it and I didn't consciously know I saw it.
  And that's why I brought him up.
  But I don't think so,  because we were just talking about stunt specials.
  And it was, yeah, Scott was saying organically.
  I think that was a complete organic series of thoughts.
  But you also, you're right, Jason's right  that you got also then an alert for half off starry.
  The big New Yorker.
  The big New Yorker.
  The leader of Starry.
  Right.
  Wow.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  And I always know when celebrities die.
  I feel like I'm one of the first ones to know.
  I avoided saying it.
  It seemed, I didn't want to bring it down  in the Discovery Zone episode,  but we recorded that the day that Buster died.
  Buster passed away of Dave and Buster.
  Did you know that one?  I didn't realize that there were actual Dave and Busters.
  Yeah.
  No, Buster was, it was a nickname.
  It was not a given name.
  But yeah, there were two guys.
  Wow.
  And yeah.
  I did miss that.
  That's crazy.
  I'm slipping.
  I guess the baby is really taking my focus.
  Huh?  What's important?  Buster.
  Buster and Robbie Knievel.
  You didn't pay your proper respects,  but we get to, but the cool thing is the listeners  get to hear you react to this.
  I mean, wow.
  This is just, I'm hearing this for the first time just now.
  That's right.
  Yeah, I feel like.
  What's the quote?  You're telling me.
  You're right.
  You're telling me, wow, you're just telling me.
  For the first time.
  She was a remarkable woman.
  Markable stunt man.
  Markable stunt man.
  The rockable stunt man.
  One of the greatest and one of the best.
  Meanwhile, I have been digging into a little the.
  You always take a dare.
  You always.
  Buster, one of the greats.
  He was, I can only think of two.
  It'd be Dave and Buster and they were neck and neck.
  The greats.
  They say he was a daring devil.
  One of the things they would say about him.
  Anyway.
  I.
  I.
  Finish my thought.
  I, meanwhile, I have been digging into the next generation  of like TV special that got popular in the 90s.
  The like pro wrestling's greatest secrets exposed.
  Masked magician, greatest secrets exposed.
  And I was just reading about one.
  I haven't watched it yet.
  I'm sure it's up on YouTube or Daily motion or something.
  Do you remember Fox's alien autopsy?  Of course.
  Yeah, I don't, I don't, I didn't see it.
  I remember it existed.
  I didn't either.
  And they probably would have freaked this shit out of me.
  Oh, I watched it.
  Like, I want to watch this so bad.
  I watched it and they have like,  we have footage of the actual autopsy.
  And that's what they were building to the whole episode.
  And this isn't dissimilar to what I was telling Scott about  is the Jonathan Frakes hosted Beyond Belief Factor Fiction.
  Oh yeah.
  It's on that genre of like, it's an event  and then the truth will be revealed at the end.
  And it's all in the same like time period for Fox.
  I love the tone of the like, the faux scary.
  They say it like did give me a little, a little pit.
  I wasn't scared of the show.
  Right.
  But I'm like, I better, this is important.
  This is the, some sitcoms, Dharma and Greg,  they aren't tackling anything important over there.
  They are revealing magician secrets, pro wrestling secrets.
  We're going to learn their powers.
  We're going to learn what's an Al Capone safe  where Jimmy Hoffa is buried.
  Oh yeah.
  It was all solved.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  If you're looking for answers to any of those things.
  Fox prime time, 20 years ago.
  Glory to hell.
  Where it all happened.
  But we're, so we're in this, this neck of the woods.
  It's, it's an important special,  a live special anchor person, Ralph Story,  who was, I guess the host of the PBS thing.
  There's things that aren't here anymore.
  I know that, but that's a nice voice.
  I remember.
  Is that a franchise we could get Jason hosting?  Possibly.
  That's something to build you up to.
  Like if you should, you should peak, you know,  when you're 70.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  Well, if you ever got a Frank and a Coke  at the tail of the pup,  you'll be happy to learn that it's back and restored.
  Wait, is there a good things that aren't here anymore  from islands of adventure?  Oh, sure.
  Skipper boat tours.
  That lasted barely two years.
  Well, you know how to say it, say it as a 70.
  Say it as an old man.
  Well, there used to be a little transportation system  that would take you from the port of entry  to Jurassic park.
  And you would cross that beautiful waterway.
  Island skipper tours is no longer with us.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Will you commit to doing that here and there  for anything that's not in port of entry anymore,  if we do this episode?  Sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Great, great.
  Your PBS audition tape, we'll make it on the clock.
  But so Ralph story narrates this.
  Ernest is taken on splash mountain.
  He's gonna be the first ever to do it.
  And he's preparing over at Vern's daredevil training camp.
  Just pretty much just a tire spins around on  and a kiddie pool.
  And it's mixed.
  This is all mixed with check-ins from the full team  at splash mountain news central.
  Splash mountain news central.
  It's got a fun logo.
  I love the logo.
  It's up on the wall.
  It's on their little mic.
  I don't know what you call it.
  Little things you slide over the microphone.
  Flag.
  Flags?  Sure, okay.
  I like that logo so much.
  It's a logo only in this.
  It's not the logo of the ride.
  It kind of speaks to something I love  about the special in general  is that it's tying such disparate things together.
  It's news report but kind of like daredevil  doing a stunt intensity news report  and very like modern 89 graphics.
  But then also Ernest.
  But then also the new like folksy down home ride  that is based on a movie that everybody's trying  to not talk about.
  It's like all these things.
  How do they all combine?  I also think it's like a little bit of its time.
  Cause like the new, I feel like there'll be more  news specials like the panda, the zoo is about  to give birth.
  It's a panda watch and it's like a branded kind of a thing.
  I heard you mentioned Al Capone's,  like the herald thing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And David Copperfield I think is happening by now.
  It feels cool even though this is fake  and the time jumps up significantly a bunch of times.
  Yeah, they really commit to the news report.
  Maybe too hard, it is very dry, this special.
  I guess that's to balance against Ernest being  an insane character.
  Sure, yeah.
  Being a rubber faced man.
  Well, it allows you to get your genuine interviews  and facts about the ride going.
  I mean, it's always with like kind of sketchy characters  as the news anchors.
  But you know, you get real,  this technically an interview with Imagineer Bruce Gordon,  the joke being that the anchor person  just says all the info for him  and never actually lets him say anything.
  But you get the info.
  Sure, yeah.
  Seeing an Imagineer is exciting.
  Yeah, he gets to do a bit.
  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
  There's a guy who I didn't even know,  his name is Danny Breen who played Skip, sorry,  Skip Blinkman, is it Binkman or Blinkman?  It's Binkman.
  Skip Binkman.
  Great anchor character.
  And he's funny.
  He's my favorite guy in the whole thing.
  And I didn't realize this,  he was a producer on Who's the Lion is in Any Way.
  He was on not necessarily the news,  which was that old sketch show.
  Oh yeah, the Conan and Greg Daniels got their start on.
  Yeah, a lot of people got their start.
  And yeah, he's like producer on Wayne Brady.
  He is dead as well, but not today.
  A few years ago.
  The Imagineers passed away, Bruce Gordon,  John Sherry, the director,  I think of the earnest segments in this  and all the earnest stuff.
  He's passed away.
  Jim Varney, of course, passed away.
  That was a sad one for, yeah, yeah.
  Because I liked Ernest Lowe as a kid and Slinky Dog.
  It's so, there's still a little emotion for me  in Toy Story 3 and 4 that it's not him,  but it's this actor, Blake Clark, who is his friend.
  And when he talks about it, he gets choked up.
  And I think there's some real heart to Slinky Dog.
  Yes, Slinky Dog's great.
  Slinky Dog's the only thing that makes me  extra love Jim Varney.
  Yeah.
  An early childhood.
  Like that character in Toy Story, that's Ernest.
  That's the guy who was Ernest.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I did like anything like that.
  Where like, oh yeah, wait, and they're deploying the,  I don't know when else they,  like, oh, it's Niles from Frasier,  and he's the bug in Bug's life.
  Always like a nice reward for the kids who knew.
  Oh yeah, and we were kids who knew.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We made sure everybody knew that we knew.
  But okay, you know, we're talking about how this  hit us as kids, and maybe now I get into what was  talked about a long time ago, my version of Mike's  general fear of Ernest.
  If you're a new early listener or haven't heard this episode  or if you forget, when this came up before,  it is because I watched the special when it aired.
  I would have been four years old,  and it scared me on such a just deep, visceral scarring  level, I was so frightened by this.
  And my whole buildup with it was I was probably a little  out of college, and I still thought,  I remember that Ernest special where like,  it actually gets kind of, I remember it scared me as a kid,  and I think it was kind of genuinely some,  actually some kind of cool horror filmmaking.
  And then there was not YouTube happening as much,  or this thing had not been found.
  It is on YouTube now, very easy to watch if you wanna  follow along with this episode.
  But I had to track it down, I had to buy the DVD  from some eBay store, and I was like shaking,  taking the DVD out of the self-produced cover  that I paid $30 for it for no reason probably.
  Ironic because this is the way that a person could acquire  Song of the South now, like a ripped DVD  with like a printout box artwork.
  Like that has always been, I remember looking up in college,  I was like, oh, how do, is this movie, it just lost its time?  And it's like, oh no, there's a million websites selling  bootlegs of this, and then when YouTube came along,  it's all there in chunks.
  And it makes you watch the segments and go like,  oh, they really tone down those voices for the ride.
  Oh really, oh I see, yeah, yeah.
  So you gotta, it's a drug deal to find a lot of these things.
  Sure, yeah.
  So I tracked this thing down and I put it in,  and boy am I humiliated by what it actually is.
  So funny.
  You guys just rewatched it, I forget if you had seen it  when we watched it the first time.
  But I'm jumping to the end here when we can talk  about other things, but what it culminates in is,  you know, he, Ernest, he does all his training,  then he gets to Disneyland, he's paraded down Main Street,  he's here, he's ready to do it, he is crazily cocky,  so sure of how well his ride is going to go  and that it's nothing, and then what happens  is a horror show.
  I can't not describe it as that, but what is your  viewpoint watching it now, based on what I saw  when I was four?  Well, yeah, he does his training, he screws a lot  of the training up, he then goes down Main Street,  I'm recapping a little too much, he goes down Main Street,  he has like a parade beforehand, before he even does it.
  Signs, or he's got like a whole crew's cheering Ernest on.
  Yeah, and then he does Splash Mountain,  he's afraid, obviously, he's a coward,  that's part of what's fun about Ernest.
  Sort of not until he's faced with the moment.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, because even on the way up,  he says the line, that's my favorite line of the special,  wish I had brought a book, it's reclining, it's nothing,  he's tapping like he's yawning on his mouth,  really like all that.
  Yeah, and then there's a couple, he goes on that first drop,  and there's some geography here.
  Oh, you're right, I'm skipping to the final drop,  we got three drops to get through.
  Yeah, they kind of mess, am I wrong,  they mess a little bit with the geography of the track  for the purpose of the special.
  Yeah, yeah, not consistent.
  Because that Danny guy I was talking about is like,  there's a bit where him, with him like standing,  waiting to talk to him, and he misses Ernest,  even though he's like floats right by him,  but Ernest's guy, he's gone down one dropper,  and he's got an oxygen mask on.
  Yeah, that's a pretty good bit of him just totally missing.
  He looks ill, like it's really kind of,  he's got oxygen not properly placed on his face either.
  He's like, he's wet, and by the end of it,  there's just kind of, there's a big water stain on his shirt,  and he spends a lot of it like sucked all the way  into the log, and to connect a lot of dots here,  this is now ancient history on the podcast,  but I was very afraid of Splash Mountain,  and you have to imagine a lot of it  had to have come from this special.
  I mean, I was afraid of the drop itself,  but it just freaked me out.
  Whatever, my baby brain, as I said,  that just like intensified it 100 times what it actually is.
  What I also think happened to you is that  they show parts of the ride earlier  when they're kind of describing what it is,  but the sequence with Ernest, it's mostly drop specific.
  Yes, you don't pass by, and you're not seeing Brer Bear,  the little fun sequences at all.
  A little of it.
  It really makes it seem like this is just like  a 15 minute journey through a mostly dark tunnel.
  So even though they told you before,  oh, there's like music, and there's robots or whatever,  when you see the actual ride portion of it,  it feels kind of joyless,  and the whole joke is like he's gonna die.
  He's gonna get hurt or die on it.
  That's true.
  That's said several times.
  There's some line about he might be part of  Splash Mountain history, and if not,  if he doesn't make it,  then he might end up being part of the mountain.
  That line has said, there's other references to his death,  the possibility of death just going on this ride.
  It's a lot.
  And we've said this a lot about other stuff  where you're like, there's no way in modern Disney,  are they joking about somebody dying on a ride so much?  There's a moment, I think the moment where he does  like the fake water skiing, he's like,  I've got a team of dogs that can pull,  and then he gets pulled off camera,  you can hear him scream, oh God, off camera.
  They would cut that nowadays.
  Yeah, yeah, sure.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  So I can understand why if you were a kid,  and especially a kid who's really into Disney,  and you were engaged with like, this is the new ride,  I'm gonna do it, here we go,  and then they show earnest on it,  and they don't show any of the like vibrant parts of the ride.
  Yes.
  Why you would think even though it's a little bit silly  if you watch it as an adult,  it still seems like this is also gonna be like joyless.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's suffering, but then right before that,  you just ignore when like earnest says like,  somebody call me a log, and the whole crowd screams,  you're a log, like goofy gags like that.
  There's joy in the build up.
  Yeah, of course, I'm just saying you forget it all,  because you're now, you're seeing what you think  is the correct representation  of the experience you're gonna have.
  I'm purely judging, like this is, but earnest is real.
  I don't know about Jim Varney, I know earnest P.
 Worrall,  I know that he is doing this,  and I don't know that editing can intensify  sequences and moments.
  I'm watching a live news report where-  Splash Mountain update.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Where a man screams brutally,  and his hair turns shock white,  and he's gripping the sides of the handles of a log,  and screaming in terror, and his death is,  like, this is all, this is probably me,  this is me knowing that editing exists.
  You can't be alone in this,  which is something you try to tell yourself sometimes  when you're having any, not even theme park related,  sometimes you're having some doubts, fears, blah, blah,  you always have to remember,  you're not the only one thinking this.
  And I'm sure that's the case with other kids  who saw this special.
  I don't know if they hyper-dwelled on it  for another 30 years, but for sure at the time,  I'm sure a bunch of kids were like,  oh man, do I wanna go on this?  Might've ran out of the room or something,  but didn't keep thinking about it like I did.
  I don't mean, I don't wanna say, you know,  that kid mindset is correct,  but again, all the other Disney products  you had consumed at that point were like,  hey, just as one or both your parents are going to die,  you will have to deal with that.
  That's funny, that stuff didn't register with me like that,  but yes, of course, so many different Disney movies  are like, and then one of the parents dies.
  The worst for me, I must've brought this up before,  was the Robin Williams Jumanji,  where they go a weekend out of town,  and on the way back, the parents eat it.
  They die?  They die, the Robin Williams parents.
  Oh, his flat, the 60s people.
  But they get caught in the-  Someone dies, a set of parents dies.
  I have not seen this in years.
  They don't get stuck in the board game, they just die?  They just die.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, it's too dark.
  My other big one, like something that I,  where I walked in and my parents are watching this,  and there was a, talk about like 90s scary fox,  there was, I believe it was a current affair, zwang,  that's still haunted by the noise, the hell of the noise,  but there was just a news report about like a father  who went crazy and killed his kids.
  Sorry.
  No, no, that was a more respectful hypothetical.
  And I just, I don't think anyone was paying attention to me.
  I just started, I've experienced this cry with my son now,  where you don't, it's silence,  you don't know what cry is happening,  and then you look over and it's a cry that's been forming  for 10 seconds and building,  and it's about to go off the ledge,  like Splash Mountain into like,  Yeah.
  And drench everybody.
  But like, I'm like welling up because I've seen this,  and now I don't just think that's something bad  that happened, I said to my dad, you're gonna kill me,  and ran out of the room.
  This is very grim, this is what you do,  Mikey, we're talking about stories your mom tells all the time.
  This is one that was just repeated to me,  that I just hear of the notion of a father killing a son,  and I am sure that it is going to happen to me.
  Whoa.
  And I had to be talked down, that might've been like,  that was a multi-hour session.
  It was Kirsten Dunst's parents.
  Okay.
  So her and her aunt move into the house  where Robin Williams disappeared from.
  Oh, wow.
  And then in the attic is where they find the board game  and get sucked in, or he gets popped out.
  So this is part of the backstory of some movies,  even some like fun family movie, and you can't,  you're meditating on that.
  Also, it's 1995, I am 10 years old,  I know the difference between fiction and reality,  but sometimes you just can't help yourself.
  Yeah, yeah.
  While you start playing out the movie in your brain  where your parents die and yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, hey, stuff, wait, oh wait, hits harder, right?  It is, yeah, it's like starry.
  Well, that's why we need the comfort of starry,  or starry zero sugar.
  When life's hitting you harder, hit back with starry.
  As long as it's not a dirty soda,  like those other dirty sodas, it's clean.
  Like those brown coals.
  I want it to be clean, yeah.
  Yes, that makes scary things worse.
  Fanta dirty, gross.
  So yeah, look, this just, I can't say enough how,  like this, it just lived with me for years,  is like, well, what is the scariest sequence ever in film?  It would have to be the, how long,  I would say probably three minute long sequence  where Ernest is going down the splash mountain,  it taught me that, okay, the splash mountain drop  is miles long, you fall and you fall,  and you, it's like gravity, like you fall out of a spaceship  and you just go infinitely, that's what this was in my head.
  The scariest thing ever filmed,  I timed it out today watching it,  this is a 20 second sequence, that is how long this is.
  20 seconds of fear.
  It sure is, and of course the discovery upon rewatching it,  it is so goofy, there is a silly xylophone version  of zippity doo da playing.
  What I imagined as like Cronenberg type  or like a racer head kind of scariness is just,  he's scared so it flashes on and off  and he has shock white hair that goes up really high.
  It is so stupid, I just wish I could show you  what it was to me, if there was some way.
  You were describing the end of 2001, A Space Odyssey.
  Yes.
  You were describing colors and someone is old  in a space bedroom.
  But like mixed with like Hellraiser with like skin is open  and it's just a muscle exposed and blood,  like that's how the level of.
  Isn't there a part where Ernest's eye bursts open  and just maggots pour out,  but that certainly must happen in this.
  There's something that I think I could do,  time permitting, I think I can do,  at least like a poor man's version of this,  which is, I was like, what sequences have hit me  in anything as hard as this?  And I can only think of one other one in my life  and that is the end of Requiem for a Dream.
  I acquainted these sequences in my,  you've both seen this, you know.
  Yeah, listeners, yeah.
  This is the ultimate, like there are upsetting moments  in films that I've revisited.
  This is what I don't ever wanna see it again.
  That is the one where I'd be thrilled  to never see that sequence.
  I have such a clear memory of me  and there was like a handful of friends  that were like when we were 15, 16,  everyone getting into cool movies,  trying to find cool movies and someone rented that movie  and we did a rare like, hey, come over.
  Like we don't have school tomorrow,  like it's an in-service day or whatever.
  Let's do a weeknight hangout  and we'll watch Requiem for a Dream.
  And like just at the end of it,  all these 56 year olds in these half finished basement,  like watching on a 30 inch TV,  a VHS copy of Requiem for a Dream  and everyone just bummed out.
  Like, okay, well I'm gonna call my mom to come get me now.
  She's Louise.
  How was your night, honey?  Not good.
  The opposite of like however long later,  watching Amelie and like the handful of us going like,  wow, that was fun.
  Oh sure, yes.
  What nice feelings we leave with.
  Yes, most movie,  when you're looking at cool movies in that era,  it's mostly fun and twee and delightful.
  It's the Tenenbaums and their coats  and their interesting hats.
  Or it's like, oh, we're gonna go see a double feature  of the new awards movies, Big Fish and 21 Grams.
  Wow.
  And thank God we saw the sad one first.
  What a double feature, wow.
  But yeah, basically I think that maybe the key  to showing the audience what I saw,  at the very least is putting the Requiem for a Dream music  in there.
 Oh wow.
  The oft used and other things,  Lord of the Rings I believe.
  And I can attest to every student film that was made  between 2001 and 2007.
  The string quartet, yeah.
  Da, dun, da, dun, dun.
  I paired it up even just them next to each other  and like, yeah, this is it.
  This conveys what I do.
  Here, let me just, I'll play the clip of the drop  really quick if my computer cooperates with me.
  I do, of course now it's funny,  but Ernest's yell at the very beginning is,  I mean, I love a big bellowy yell  and it's pretty spectacular.
  Yeah.
 Just this giant.
  Ooh.
  And I can still can see the materials of what freaked me out.
  So, and also right before it's something that kind of,  you know, got me going in that direction before  is that there is a warning given  that one of the anchor persons says,  Oh, right, right.
  Seemish adults may want to look away at this moment.
  And then it cuts to the most sitcom-y extras  all covering their eyes.
 Right.
  And like the costumed characters doing it too.
  But I just took that on like, uh-oh.
  And I probably thought like, mom, dad,  should I leave the room right now?  And I did not.
  And what I saw, I don't think I have to play the clip.
  If it comes up in the meantime, but,  I appreciate that you guys have not been like,  you know, this is a safe space.
  I've not been mocked for how frightening of a piece  this was to me.
  I mean, certainly it's insane.
  If you were saying now it's still scary,  I think we might get some mockery.
  It's not that, it's the same as you with the,  your creepy feelings about Ernest.
  Where you still, you have, though, you can access those,  but it's not that you're literally scared.
  I swear.
  There's also the aspect of,  I don't know why I was so scared by the,  just the mirror device that they spin the frame around.
  That like, just that made me think,  well, that means that the drop somehow also goes upside down  several times.
  And I imagine like strobe lights and just what,  if you're taking wacky video editing on faith,  as this is exactly what happens in the ride,  you could see where I'm coming from.
  And it's really insane looking back,  that the arc of this was,  I was so scared of it for years,  that I only went on it one time for decades.
  And then who built me up to do it,  but the man who made the ride, Tony Baxter,  it's still so bizarre that that happened.
  And that I'm going up,  I'm seeing the point of view that's in the special.
  I'm still a little afraid on that lift hill,  where it's the light, like,  it's not so fun up there.
  It's not very like silly magical.
  Maybe it will be with the Tiana makeover,  but it's a little industrial, right?  The thing's clanging along,  and then the light's getting bigger and bigger.
  And you're on this kind of conveyor belt.
  It's like the end of Toy Story 3, right?  Isn't it?  Yeah, a little bit.
  It's like, where is this going?  What's that light?  Uh-oh.
  It's the bad thing in the light.
  Anyway, but then I'm eventually on it.
  And like, what, literally what Tony said in the live show,  I'm repeating as a mantra,  that like it's gonna be pure joy.
  Pure joy when this is over.
  Pure terror, but pure joy, whatever the specifics were.
  That's like your transcendental meditation,  like a special mantra that only you know.
  That you can't tell anyone.
  A mantra.
  I might, that you know,  probably I don't remember the phrase exactly.
  I don't know if you guys do.
  I don't remember how specific it is to Splash Mountain,  or if it includes the phrase log,  or river boat, or dancing chickens.
  But I bet the core of that,  what he told us is probably applicable for a lot of things.
  Well, that's true.
  That's a very good point.
  Lesson you can apply to many different things.
  I think so, unless again, it is too.
  But don't be scared,  because then there's like a nice old hound dog  in a rocking chair.
  Would you say though, like you could,  because it's so specific to Tony,  and this live show we did,  is that something that you can't use now,  for like say a Velocicoaster?  Oh, possibly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like if you really got in the zone,  and when I got in the zone,  drank two wines, got in line for the Velocicoaster,  thought of the Tony mantra over and over.
  Well, you know the two wines is part of it.
  I might only need one at this point.
  Sure.
  But also it's just because my tolerance is going down.
  It's going down.
  I've learned that.
  That humidity can make you weird with booze.
  We also, we could buy you a clicker, a blue clicker.
  Oh, so I feel like I have control over.
  So you have control, yeah.
  I am definitely afraid of Velocicoaster.
  Yeah.
  I was down, and I think listeners could agree,  this is a more intense experience than Splash Mountain.
  Yes, I'm sure it is.
  I certainly built up Splash Mountain too much.
  I blame Jim Varney.
  It's his fault.
  It's unclear to me at this juncture,  will I brave Velocicoaster or not?  Would you rather do Hulk,  if you had to, Hulk or Velocicoaster?  Ooh, that's interesting.
  I think, here's my guess,  I think what you're telling me with your look, Jason,  is that Hulk is, maybe I'm wrong,  isn't Hulk kind of a, it's getting up there in age,  and it's a bit of a mind game.
  I believe it would be a rougher experience for you.
  I bet Velocicoaster, you'll be scared,  but it's probably smooth as shit.
  Yeah.
  I bet it's like.
  That would help me,  because it helps me on that I like in Crudicoaster so much,  and the recentness of the build.
  I was also, I went down,  I have been there since Velocicoaster opened,  I was down for this bachelor party,  and the people who went on both rides  were really happy after Velocicoaster,  and kind of all holding their heads after Hulk.
  You need to do Hulk a couple times so your body learns,  and then you can enjoy it.
  Oh no.
  You know what I'm saying?  Yeah, I mean, after the first concussion,  it just sort of is gravy all the way.
  Because the first time I went on it after a long time,  which might've been the first time I ever did it,  I felt bad, I felt like shit.
  Okay.
  And then the next time or two,  and then Jason and I got to do front row on it,  which is wild.
  But I think it was great.
  I mean, that was fun.
  I had a lot of fun on it.
  I had been in the front on that a long time.
  It was very intense, but yeah,  but that time I really, I did like it,  but it was not like that first time  where my body was a little upset with me.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You know, where I land,  and I'm sure we've said some of this before,  I've said some of this before,  because going back to Orlando with you guys,  I tried a bunch of stuff I hadn't done.
  I found Rock and Roller Coaster like right at the line,  maybe even a little above the line.
  Oh really?  I did it again with the Bachelor Party,  but I like, that start is like,  that's a hair, I don't know how much higher than that I can go.
  That's interesting, I've said this many times,  I'm sure the start, I love the start,  and again, it gets everything out of the way.
  It gets rid of my fear immediately.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it's interesting.
  Yeah, but it's counting down.
  Like you see.
  Oh, there's a little bit of a nervous.
  I hate countdowns.
  Like this special, the countdown aspect  of the clock in the corner scares me.
  I don't like countdowns.
  Rock and Roller Coaster said,  the setting is a dirty alleyway.
  You are being launched into the darkness.
  There's both screaming and the actual launch sound.
  I'm feeling so.
  And I think like effects of like squealing tires.
  Yes, for sure, yeah.
  But then the guys like check out Steven Tyler's new hat,  and then that's funny.
  We don't have to talk about Steven Tyler  that much right now.
  Not that the information hasn't been out there  for 30 years.
  You can compare the other Aerosmith guys coffee.
  Joey Kramer.
 Green Day coffee.
  Oh, absolutely I could.
  Oh, celebrity coffee.
  Joey Kramer doesn't get sued for something bad.
  As far as we know.
  Oh, right.
  Oh yeah, yeah, oh yeah, right.
  Steven Tyler's ongoing presence on the show might.
  I just think that you have to separate the songs.
  The perfect songs.
  From the less than perfect.
  I can't believe we're saying this.
  The less than perfect artist.
  Yeah, well.
  Might be jumping over to Crosby, Stills and Nash.
  Just like Marvel swapping the French Rock  and Roller Coaster to Avengers.
  Oh, can you imagine?  It's our house playing on the Rock and Roller Coaster now.
  Soaring harmonies that hit as you soar up the.
  Yeah, they should go.
  They should definitely go with an older band  to replace Aerosmith.
  Yeah.
  And fluff that.
  Yeah, Credence.
  Hey kids, it's Credence.
  Credence would be awesome.
  Yeah, that'd be pretty cool.
  Fortunate something while you're doing it.
  I got excited and hit the mic.
  Uh.
  Bang, that's how excited I am.
  So yeah, well, the point is we'll see.
  I don't know.
  I'm a little scared of that one, but you know.
  I still.
  I don't want to.
  Good things have come from increasing my tolerance  due to the podcast.
  I'm afraid of Tatsu.
  I'm afraid of X2.
  I haven't done either of them.
  I'm afraid of every.
  I, Magic Mountain, I don't think I'm doing any of that.
  Because the poor construction.
  Well, that's true.
  Issue for me.
  I still think Riddler's Revenge you'd be OK on.
  Maybe.
  Because you stand and it's, I think it'd be all right.
  Yeah.
  That one feels fine.
  No, I don't like that standing.
  That doesn't sound good to me.
  Yeah, I don't like that standing.
  Well, it's not great because there's some shooting up  your butthole.
  That's not as fun.
  The seat is like digging in your ass.
  It says you.
  Well, it's all about what you, if you're comfortable with it.
  That's just, but it's not, it's not ideal for being on a roller  coaster.
  Yeah.
  That's what I feel about something in there.
  Separate these.
  Prep work.
  I don't know if you're doing the full prep work  for that standing coaster.
  Some items.
  Some work.
  Some lotion.
  It's like getting it.
  You got it like as if you're going to have a colonoscopy.
  You have to do the same work before Riddler's Revenge.
  We'll all happily do any of these rides.
  We'll blacked out.
  Yeah, Scott.
  That's what the wine's trying to get me partially to.
  And I'm going to assure you, it's not worth it, my man.
  But go for it.
  But I will return to Twisted Colossus.
  I do make that vow.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if I'm calling my shot this year,  but I will return to Twisted Colossus.
  I'll do that with you.
  Even though the most recent, I rode that coaster  in Ocean City in South Jersey that had all the troubles where  they had to keep redoing it.
  And it's a pretty recent installation.
  And it just ruined my life for like an hour.
  It just fucked me.
  I'll say the thing about that, and I don't know,  maybe I didn't articulate, other than the dick crushing  restraints that were on the ride,  Twisted Colossus was the first one  where the damage was psychological and not  I got beat up because it was a pretty fast, pretty smooth  coaster.
  It truly was just like, my body is freaked.
  Yeah.
  Versus anything that I'm a little nervous on.
  Obviously, Disney's less intense in general.
  But any of that stuff, I'm never like, panicky after the ride.
  Sure, sure, sure.
  I'm usually like, oh great, that was fun.
  Versus Twisted Colossus where I was like, oh, I got to calm down.
  I got to calm down.
  It was not all smite.
  It was not the Baxter pure pleasure at the end.
  It was not like that.
  But again, I did it once and my body maybe gets used to it.
  Well, keeping my listeners, you might not  want to go up against port of entry,  but we are calling for suggestions for next month.
  And suggest whatever you want, including things like this.
  But unless certain amendments pass,  there's kind of a cap on your ability  to get us physically into places that we don't want to go.
  Well, yeah.
  But you can try.
  You can try, yeah.
  Good luck.
  But we're facing fears now.
  You know what?  I'll just, I have a queue up now.
  I will play the sequence.
  If there's any details of this that you want to call out,  or anything I haven't mentioned, I'll say.
  But here is the 20 seconds that scarred  Scott Garner for decades.
  It's upside down spinning fast motion  through the rest of the ride.
  I just screaming in agony.
  That's part of it, right?  Yeah.
  Doc Brown hair.
  That's not a joyful scream.
  I love the scream.
  It's an excellent executed scream.
  It's really weird that I know that they wouldn't have said,  oh, and then Ernest should have enjoyed it.
  That's an interesting choice.
  Because even back then.
  He gets off.
  And you could have him be scared.
  But then, yeah, they keep him at that.
  But he says it was great.
  But then what is the line he compares it to?  It's like a heart attack or something?  He says, things like Splash Mountain keep you young.
  That and blood transfusions.
  Oh, that's what it is.
  And transplants, cosmetic surgery.
  And then in this whole sequence, he's just in the log,  glued to the bottom, gets out soaked, filthy.
  He takes the safety bars with him.
  That's a detail.
  That part of it.
  And also, you know what really gets me in this sequence?  Maybe it still gets me.
  The close ups of the hands.
  Getting splashed on, grasping.
  The wet metal.
  I still don't like that.
  If I've got something like foam and hard to hold on to  on a ride, that's great.
  But I'm worried that my hands are going  to slip off of that wet metal.
  We never talked enough about wet metal on this show.
  I think that has a car.
  This is a fear of mine.
  Wet metal.
  Wet metal.
  And when you do do Guardians, you like to hold the side,  right?  Yeah, I grip.
  And I don't like that that's metal.
  I love something padded.
  But I do what I can.
  But I am like, grip.
  If I ever post or anybody sees a picture of me  when they take your picture on that ride, I am just the arms.
  I'm at risk of pulling the restraints off,  even though I like that right now.
  And on Incredicoaster, are you gripping the metal?  Oh, yeah.
  Big old hug.
  I had a phrase once, but I forget  that I'm hugging my harness, mommy.
  Oh, right.
  Isn't that?  It might have changed.
  I said something years ago.
  It might have been in a little different context.
  You don't have the choice between cloth mommy or wire mommy.
  You only have harness mommy.
  You have to use what you have, unlike the monkeys  in that experiment.
  I don't quite know this reference.
  Oh, there was some experiment decades and decades ago  where they had one young child monkey hugging a cloth doll  monkey, and then another one trying to hug wire mommy.
  And it was like a metal.
  This resonates with me.
  That is so upsetting to me.
  It really resonates with me.
  And I got a little boy who wants his cloth thing.
  And I, oh, no.
  What's the phrase in the Grant Morrison bat?  Is it mommy made of nails?  I think so.
  It is.
  There is some shockingly nightmarish stuff.
  Professor Pig has mommy made of nails.
  I think he's seeing he's, Professor Pig is torturing Robin.
  Professor Pig has like a creepy pig's face on,  and he makes, he like melts faces on other people's faces.
  Yeah.
  Oh my god.
  The dollatrons, I think is the name of the villains.
  That is not a mommy for me.
  No.
  So anyway, yeah.
  So you hug your mommy restraint.
  And this is why I don't think I can do Velocicoaster,  because you had nothing but grips on that thing.
  Is it, oh, yeah, is Velocicoaster just on your lap  or it doesn't have the?  Just lap.
  Because that's the Twisted Colossus thing too.
  Oh, boy.
  And that I was not ready for.
  It just covers your legs, which does  make you feel like you're about to fly out of the car.
  I don't think I can do it.
  I think this is too far beyond.
  I don't think I don't think this is crazy.
  I think the audience, I think catching,  getting me, the host of the theme park,  Park, is to actually go on every ride at Disneyland  is a good thing.
  I'm glad that I've done it.
  But this, we're getting into some territory here.
  I don't know.
  I might be at my.
  Interesting.
  Might be at my limit.
  Have you ever done, I have yet to do the cars on the Ferris wheel,  the moving ones?  No, I'm fine with that.
  That does not bother me.
  I think that's the specific.
  Yeah.
  And I don't think that's crazy for you.
  But I do that no problem.
  That's, I think Jason and I did it together.
  Look at Mr.
 Confident, Mr.
 Cocky over here.
  I'm not putting you down.
  I respect your fear.
  I respect all fears here.
  Well, we'll see.
  Whenever we go to Orlando again, we'll see what happens.
  We will just have to see what happens.
  I guess we can wind this down.
  Are there any other details about this special  that we enjoyed, anything we'd recommend finding?  I mean, it's very short.
  So I would say if you're interested, it's not 20 minutes.
  It takes 20 minutes.
  That is a lot of fun.
  It's a very fun special watch.
  Multiple copies on YouTube.
  Very short.
  They do a thing that Disney pretty rapidly started.
  Stopped doing in the 90s was like the inspiration of the ride.
  The Song of the South hit movie from 1946.
  That is yes.
  I also that struck me too because jarring because we've talked about a little bit  about this movie controversial when it came out.
  It was from the get go was people protesting saying, why the hell are you doing this?  Yeah, it was never a safe time with never.
  So then then it becomes, oh, maybe we take the characters out of it.
  All right.
 Well, people are going to be mad about it.
  And then they put it back in the theater and they feel like  the heat's died down or whatever.
  But still, the even the vibe, you would think they would be trying  to get away with something and being like our beloved characters here  that we just somehow were born out of thin air, Brayer, rabbit and bear bear.
  You know what I mean? Like it's a weird choice.
  Even then, when when they clearly the company was like, should we be what?  And then they're like, oh, the Disney classic that we will never release on video  and we're not having any plans like they're really just it should have never  gotten to this point.
  There should have been a different topic if they wanted to do a log flume.
  Well, yeah, of course.
  But it is just funny because it felt it feels like so much of it was designed.
  Building Splash Mountain was designed like, well, we'll take out the parts  that we think are the problem and we'll just take it and strip it for parts  and put it in.
  But meanwhile, in the special, there's like, hey, you know where these characters  are from? Yeah, the movie that we that was a problem 50 years ago.
  But you still could have things go in and out like this.
  They were still mentioning Song of the South for sure in the nineties.
  Of course, it's just it's it comes in waves.
  But it is interesting that it was like it was obviously there was many  discussion, many discussions about it again.
  Yeah.
 Where it wasn't like because initially you might have been like,  well, there was no problem.
  No one thought the movie was a problem when it came out and it's like not true.
  And then it was like, well, no one thought it was a problem in the 80s.
  And it was like, not true.
  They all were talking about it being maybe a problem as well.
  The even funnier thing.
  This came out on the Disney dish.
  Jim and Len talked about like Disney's give and take relationship  with McDonald's over the years.
  And you can find a blog like has the scans and talks about like the pitch deck  of like Splash Mountain presented by McDonald's.
  And it didn't that did not happen.
  Oh, OK, because it was like local SoCal franchisees wanted to sponsor it.
  And then the national branch was like, no, we can't.
  We got other things going on.
  And then it all kind of went to hell.
  They might have had McDonald's may have had to associate with Song of the South.
  Maybe they figured that part out.
  I don't know.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I won't give them credit for it, though.
  No, no, no, probably shouldn't.
  I should assume the worst.
 But or.
  But, you know, here we are.
  We're now in the beginning months of the untangling of Song of the South  from this attraction, which, you know, there's nothing wrong with the ride track.
  There's nothing wrong with this fun hill.
  There is.
 Yes, the rise.
  Initially, we were like, we're not like we don't like these characters.
  Yes, you can get rid of these cute characters.
  Who cares? It did.
  The bones are going to be there.
  And anybody who's weirdly upset about the there's even people who are nervous  about the redo, not even in a way of because I need the characters from this movie.
  There's people who are just skeptical.
  You know, I just have to assume and believe that  current Disney technology being put into a pretty old ride.
  This is just something they should probably be doing every 30 years with everything.
  Well, even like that riverboat scene at the end, the big scene with all the animatronics.
  First off, they never keep it up and running the maintenance on it.
  They say, oh, yeah, it's people's fault.
  It's management and the budget's fault.
  Yeah, they don't fund it.
 Yeah.
  That I feel like that that's going to cost too much money to just gut it entirely.
  I feel like a lot of I think gutting, I think gutting is cheap.
  I think true.
  I think gutting is cheap.
  Putting up a new version of it is expensive.
  The new version is expensive.
  So I'm worried, like I because all those America sings again, you know,  if you want to really peace out those America, those are from America sings.
  That's right.
  On the south walks away.
  There's a show that's hateful just because it's bad.
  Yes.
 And probably a few of the songs.
  Some of the songs are bad too.
  Ninety five percent of the song.
  Yeah, it's OK.
  But the animals are just singing.
  That's what they were programmed to do.
  So keep.
  So keep the high kicking goose.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 No, that holds up any time.
  Any other history.
  I think what I just said there.
  Do you know that there is also a there is in this special, the earnest part of it  has a reference to let me just say the line and then I'll explain what the line is.
  He just says it.
  And it's just this crazy specific that you never would have thought of thought about  when you were four.
 I didn't.
  You know, Vern, this rope is as tight as Italian hemp has been since the senseless  and brutal hanging of Coley.
  Or yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 What is that again?  Cole? I didn't know Cole Younger is it was a Confederate bandit  during the Civil War like he and his brother, the Younger brothers  were all a bunch of no good and excited and stare at this for too long.
  Yeah, there is a Confederacy reference in the other part of Ernest goes to Splash  Mountain.
 How weird is that?  Very weird.
 And that's maybe that's an ad lib.
  Maybe.
  Well, he's a he's a Kentucky guy.
  It's in character.
 Sure.
  I don't know.
 I guess he knows his Confederate history.
  I couldn't find any proof that Cole Younger's horse was hung.
  Hmm.
 Strange.
 Is that a penis?  I don't know if he was.
  Might not have been.
  Might not have been hung at the neck, but I think we can assume that the horse was hung.
  Yeah, he is a big horse.
  The big the big hog of the big hog of Cole Younger's gang,  as I am the big hog.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
  The red.
 Well, what else we got?  I think we're just hey, we're looking forward to this redo.
  Worry just a little worried, not because of the IP.
  I think the IP switch over is great.
  I think there's going to be a budget budget and what they'll let them do.
  No matter what, it is the budget of the Disney company because it was like today.
  Some of the earlier art looked a little bit flashier to me  than what the newer version of the redo looks like.
  But it looked a little bit less spectacular already from the outside.
  And then I think we've said this before.
  One of the imagineers was like, we're using like misting technology.
  And I'm like, oh, I don't like the sound of this thing.
  Worried about the misting.
  Covers up where robots used to be.
  I mean, the the actual rise in last year, like  Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout.
 Great.
  Runaway where railway? Great.
  Then you factor that in with like recent news, like, oh, activist investor  demands that they will pull their support unless Disney starts making profit  on streaming.
 And it's like that doesn't that's not going to happen.
  No, this is all six months.
  This was all under JPEG, which is also a little scary, too,  because all of this, like whatever they if they're closing the ride  now to start work immediately, I have to imagine most of this was approved  under him, which also is a part of my fear.
  But maybe we'll get some maybe Iger will say some maybe they have to make him  happy and spend more money.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Splash Mountain is a long ride, too, which is also it's it's great.
  We all love long rides and it's a long ride, which means there's a lot of sections  with robots, a lot of things to fill space to look at.
  And that is, again, where I'm worried that we're going to get a lot of projections on mist.
  Yeah, I think there's going to be a lot of mist and maybe it'll be cool.
  Maybe the projection technology is so good, it will not look like Davy Jones.
  But they do tell like it won't look like that pirate thing.
  It's gotten better.
  It's gotten better.
  He's called the princess and the frog colon tails from the mist.
  You know, you forget that.
  That's right.
 You do forget that.
  So, yeah.
 So maybe they just put a fog machine in there and fog up the place.
  And you play the Randy Newman songs and you go, it's pretty good.
  I'd be fine.
 I just, you know, I say, give the people what they obviously want,  which is Ernest robot.
  I know it's not the same IP.
  I know Ernest is not from whenever Princess and the Frog is set.
  Right.
 You know, it's a nod to the history.
  A log crashed into the side and Ernest is all bent up his legs,  all these tied up like a pretzel and  asking for Vern's help.
  Anybody seen Vern would be.
  Yeah, I think is there an was there ever an Ernest?  There's no no Ernest robot on a ride.
  That would have been tweeted at us within the first six months of this podcast.
  But yeah, is there was there an Ernest like stand  a cardboard cutout anywhere at a certain point, maybe possibly?  I think it's a question.
  They might have made a physicalized Ernest in some form, some restaurant  promotion or something.
  Well, there was a thing like 10 years ago.
  Do you guys remember this where like  Ernest started showing up on websites or like a cutout to car dealerships?  And it seemed like the licensing was available again.
  So people were trying to.
  Oh, yes, of course.
  I was sending I think I was sending this to you.
  Yeah, I can't.
  But I couldn't.
 It was hard to search like.
  Oh, it was very confusing.
  Somebody owns like the IP of Ernest.
  Yeah.
 And they were trying to repurpose maybe old footage  or just like him in a print campaign.
  And they were like, do you want Ernest to advertise your product still?  Really? Yeah.
  And I have to I should go and try to find this because I forget where I found that.
  Because the main thing of like 2010's Ernest, if you search it, is like  we're working on the movie Son of Ernest and we're very excited.
  I mean, there's a lot of interesting investigation here  with with stuff that like the person and the either the person who played it  or the person who was in charge of it like is dead.
  I'm I'm fascinated by all this.
  I'm fascinated by how Sherry Lewis's lamp shop characters.
  The only thing that they're being used for right now is their chew toys for dogs.
  Oh, Garfield got one for Christmas.
  He loves it.
 Yeah.
  Lamb chop is something that the dogs hump and chew.
  And you can buy lamb chop in a grocery store or a pet store.
  And that's what Sherry Lewis's empire has become.
  Do you want your dog to hurt lamb chop?  Right.
 And then, yeah, like whoever owns Ernest is like,  we got Ernest lying around here.
  Well, yeah, but he's dead.
  It doesn't matter.
  Let's figure out if we can make some more money off of him.
  Can he advertise the podcast? Yes.
  Can we use him as? Oh, boy.
  Well, this is how we can.
  We have a little business here.
  People paid money to hear this episode.
  Yeah, we got to get people in the in these gates in this club.
  Right.
 This is the way Ernest is our spokesman.
  Ernest is back and he's.
  Do you think you could get the you could get the rights for the amazing Criswell?  You could be making bad predictions on TV.
  We could look into let's look into it.
  I told you I was looking into the Bozo rights  until David Arquette snatched them away from me.
  Arquette got him because remember,  Bozo and the clown babies was also part of the package.
  Yes.
 Of this woman who was the widow of the guy who pretended that he was the first Bozo.
  On a very shady website.
  Yes.
 And an old website with like a fax number in a place in Burbank.
  You would fax a lady like an old lady widow in Burbank  if you wanted to license Bozo.
  And then like months later, David Arquette bought Bozo,  showed up on New Year's Eve two years ago on CNN, I think dressed as Bozo.
  And then hasn't seen anything.
  That's what you did it for for a lurk.
  He well, he wants to this character.
  I think he maybe thought there might be more demand for Bozo.
  But it hasn't materialized yet.
  So, yeah, I think I think we should try to license all of these characters.
  If you can think of if you get out there, think of a character or a person  that played a character like, can we license like Don Nats's nervous man character?  The character that he would do on like variety shows before the Andy Griffith show.
  We are so thirsty for  by using our money to buy an unwanted old IP.
  We must waste our money on this.
  A 90 year old widow.
  Maybe we should just sign something over to us for that.
  If we're just really nice.
 Yeah.
  And we would be dog.
  Geez, ma'am.
 I was such a scaredy cat when I was a kid.
  Why? I didn't want to go on the scary ride because of the special.
  And one time I saw the news and it made me think my daddy was going to kill me.
  I guess I'm just a sweetheart.
  I said, you know what I never say on the podcast on my podcast is Dick or Hogg.
  I'm just a good boy.
  Oh, so would you mind signing them rights over?  That's why I would like the full rights in perpetuity for Jack Parr  for your late husband.
  Man, I have never seen more than seven minutes of footage of  there when I just got to have Mr.
  Carr.
 I need him in perpet.
  Pupatourity.
 What's the word even?  I don't know.
 I'm just an old little boy.
  I was texting my friend, a few friends about the new Batman 66 figures  and the word, you know, you have to get likeness rights from estates.
  People that are still alive that, you know, control.
  So I said, you know, are they going to get the Madge Blake rights?  Aunt Harriet, of course, from Batman 66.
  And my friend was like, you know, I think the perfect job for you  would be going to get people's likenesses from their estates for the Batman figures.
  You should take a correspondence course on how to be a private investigator,  a process server.
 It's got to be the same skill set.
  Yeah, maybe going to like Mad Blake's great granddaughter.
  It's it's endless checking.
  Yeah, it's research.
  It draws on your knowledge of things that no one in your peer group has.
  Yeah.
 And then you get to go talk to and have to befriend a bunch of bizarre people.
  For sure.
 Bizarre.
  There's no way they're not all very strange.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Well, you found your calling.
  This is a very productive episode.
  Boy, a lot of systems.
  We have the amendment system.
  I'm going to break a bottle and wave it at Elliott Bankhead to try and get to Lula's  rights to Lula.
  Elliott is ninety five.
  I'm not a good house.
  All right.
  Don't make me tip you over.
  The great grandson of the Lula Bankhead  took her name for some reason.
  Why do you Baptist?  As a joke, she was on one episode.
  You need this figure that bad.
 Yes.
  Boy, oh boy.
  Well, unlike any Bankhead episode,  heirs who talk back, you survived podcast.
  The ride sure did.
  Relatives, certain relatives might not be so lucky, but listeners, you made it.
  Thanks for subscribing to Club Three.
  Your bravery saved the podcast.
  Well done, freedom fighters.
  Leave your topic ideas in the comments box on Patreon.
  Let us know what you want us to do in February.
  We'll be back in a month.
  Don't fuck it up.
  You need to turn this podcast around.
  It's your suggestions.
  You're on the line.
  Who suggested a Lula Bankhead episode  that's unrelated to the barks?  We're trying to get young people in here.
  I'm not going to do that.
  Jim Varney's old enough as it is.
  She almost died of a venereal disease.
  That's vulgar topics for a theme park to podcast.
  Don't make these nice boys say stuff about STDs.
  Shut this episode down.
  Shut it down.
