 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Greetings and welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  My name is Michael Carlson, also known as Mr.
 Mike Fisto.
  Joining me as always, the little wooden mirror ball boy,  Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  And of course, the man just known as The Hog, Scott Gardner.
  Hey, what's going on?  All right, so what's this then?  I'm going to be in character the whole show,  all 90 plus minutes.
  Is he sort of an aging podcaster?  That's one of my personas.
  This is one of my podcast personas, Mr.
 Mike Fisto.
  We established this, what, years ago?  Pre-pandemic, is that where the character's from?  Well, that's a question because I, like,  at some point you have referenced  wanting to be Mr.
 Mike Fisto.
  And then there was a moment where you requested  that you be called that in our New York live show,  or that you suggested that that could be said.
  Oh, right, yes.
  And I felt like I reigned on your parade by saying,  I don't think anyone will know what that is.
  There's these things that keep happening  that I keep doing that I feel like they fall  in the category of, like, me telling a kid  that Santa's not real.
  That's how I felt when I said Prince wasn't gonna come  to your birthday party.
  And I think that's another one that I'm sorry to say  that I don't think Mr.
 Mike Fisto landed  like a lightning bolt in the podcast.
  You don't think it's catching on?  I think it's catching on more than what we do.
  Well, this is gonna help, this will help.
  And that we're doing an episode all about Mr.
 Mike Fisto  I think will help kind of underline it  and put it in podcast lore.
  Okay, good, because you'll make,  this will make my dreams a reality, is really what it will.
  Okay, okay, okay.
  So from now on, if you're hearing about Mr.
 Mike Fisto  and you say something like, is that even a thing?  It is a thing after today's episode.
  After today's episode, which was a group effort  because as I look back on our group texts,  text from Scout Gander, let's do Mac Fisto exclamation point.
  I was, yes, that was me a couple weeks ago.
  It has been looming out there.
  It seemed like a silly odd tangents to do,  a rabbit hole to go down.
  And then the regret that I had  as soon as I walked into the garage  and elevation was blasting on Mike's speaker,  it's shivers of regret that went through my whole body.
  I wish I could be that guy back in the text message.
  I'll try to be, again, in trying to not say  that Santa's not real.
  I'm gonna make some effort here.
  We need to get you elevated to a place  where you're going, woo, woo.
  The goal is elevation.
  Okay, I see.
  Yeah, you're like a mole digging in a hole.
  Digging up his soul now, ready?  Okay, before we need to-  Explain what we're talking about?  Yes, we can go no further because I do think  that a lot of people don't know what this is  before we've even gotten into Mr.
 Mike Fisto,  before we said Mr.
 Mac Fisto.
  So yes.
  Cliff Notes.
  The Cliff Notes version of this is  Bono is the lead singer of U2,  which is a band that's been around for what?  40 plus years at this point.
  That's the thing, the important thing to know  is the longevity, not any other, not the popularity.
  They're very-  It's coming up on 42, I believe.
  They're very-  So now you know that.
  They're a very popular band.
  They, of course, compose the music for Spider-Man,  Turn Off the Dark, which is something we've talked about  on this show many times.
  It's the only thing that has made them relevant  in this Theme Park podcast thus far.
  Thus far.
  They also did the song Hold Me, Thrill Me,  Kiss Me, Kill Me.
  Well, yes, of course, for Batman Forever.
  Right, and we'll get there.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, so on the Zootv Tour,  which was a tour in support of Octon Baby and Zuroppa  in the early 90s, Bono invented a few characters  to play on stage.
  And these characters included the Fly,  which is basically just Bono with bigger glasses.
  So when he has those big, I didn't know that till today,  if he's wearing those big glasses,  which I associate with being the Bono glasses,  that's actually a character.
  He does wear glasses, regardless,  but I think they're pretty iconic, the big glasses.
  Yeah.
  I'm with Scott here.
  I did not know that until today, that that came.
  I don't know, because he wore the big glasses later  in the 2000s, but I don't know if he thought of himself  as the Fly then.
  I feel like the Fly, as Bono just turned up a little bit,  it's a little more, it's not a crazy departure for him.
  So I think I will agree that he's the Fly  when he's wearing the glasses.
  I will agree with that,  but I don't know what he would say necessarily.
  Yeah, well, he originally talked about,  like, oh, the Fly is like a cliche rock star,  big sunglasses, leather pants.
  And then at the age, he just kind of became the Fly.
  Yeah, so you two started out, I would say,  like a band, like a post-punk band, I guess you'd call it,  pretty, I don't know, urgent, not punk rock,  but like seemingly falling in the same category  as like a more self-serious Elvis Costello  or something like that.
  I don't know, does that make sense?  Yeah, I love, yeah.
  Yeah, so the first couple albums, they were,  I would say pretty straightforward and pretty like,  just rock and roll, but have like a little more  like reverb on everything.
  And it's not, and a couple years after that,  it would get to like your Where the Streets Have No Name,  which are like secular hymns to fill up an arena  and very pompous and self-serious and you don't,  you think secular hymns.
  Everything that you were describing is why I have never  exactly cared for you two.
  I guess we can get a little bit into this  because that's the period where I think  that defines them still to this day,  because then for the last 25 years,  they've been chasing that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They've gone way back to trying to do that  and now it's like half-life after half-life.
  They cannot do a song meant for a little bar.
  They can't just do a nice little rock song.
  It has to be a world-saving epic.
  Uh-huh.
  Yes, hymn.
  iPod Touch launching song.
  Yeah, I guess some of them, not all of them.
  Some of them are kind of silly.
  I mean, that's a, yeah.
  The Couture Se song is not a.
  Vertigo, right.
  So yeah, but it's still, I would say Vertigo,  not a great song.
  Maybe not a great song.
  So yeah, so anyway, so.
  They didn't do, they were, they started off as a band  that didn't do a bunch of crazy bullshit  and then they became a band.
  Yeah.
  That's right in this, it seems like Zoo TV  was the era where the crazy bullshit really took flight.
  I argue though the crazy, so they were getting called  pompous after doing Where the Streets Have No Name  and With or Without You, all that stuff.
  They were getting called like full of themselves  and stuck up their own ass.
  So they decided to break from that  and do different nonsense, I would say.
  Cause the 90s, mostly up until, yeah,  most of the 90s they're in like reinvention mode.
  And it's not fully reinvented  cause it's like one comes out,  which is pretty standard U2.
  But there's a lot more Euro club trash influence  on all the U2 songs.
  And Zoo TV is like, is silly.
  It's a lot sillier than anything they had done in the 80s.
  What is up with this tour?  What is the general, I've only peripherally  ever been aware of what Zoo TV was.
  I mainly know it from the interaction  with the VMAs one year when Garth,  Dana Carvey was the host and Garth called in  and drummed from the VMA stage  via satellite to wherever they were playing.
  But I know that the tour involved a lot of like,  let's flip through the channels  and it's the world's biggest satellite.
  It was a lot of like a big stream of crazy imagery.
  But I don't know what, do I kind of have the idea?  Yeah, you do.
  I mean, I think Brian Eno had a lot to do with it.
  Brian Eno was a long time U2 producer.
  He's still around, but he produced a lot of those albums.
  He produced Doctone Baby.
  And I think it was like, you know how like  when rock stars try to want to say something  and then they try to say something  and then they're not saying anything specific.
  They're saying like TV commercialism is bad.
  Like it feels like we're talking about the general idea  of television and fame and celebrity.
  And you're like, I don't think you're actually saying  anything about any of this.
  I think technologically minded,  cause a lot of things I was reading about the subject today  were quotes from like, oh, the tour manager discussed this  and the other characters in an MSN chat in 1997.
  An MSN chat with the U2 fans.
  You're saying that's after the tour happens.
  Right, yeah, but I'm saying that.
  I'm saying like the satellite stuff, later the iPod stuff.
  You're saying it's like technology's emerging  and people that have a vague idea of what it is  try to incorporate it into their persona of the show.
  Brian Eno has a pretty varied music career  in terms of both producing  and like I've listened to a lot of his ambient albums.
  We're all over the map here, hang on.
  I asked a question.
  What's the question?  Okay, what is Zootv?  I feel, my thing is that I feel like U2 and Brian Eno  are both very technologically focused.
  I think it's a thing where they thought they were making  like points about celebrity and fame  and the hollowness of it and television,  like all this stuff.
  But if you watch it and like when it starts,  all the TVs are flashing words  and some of them are like racial slurs  and you're like, what is this saying?  What is any of this saying?  You can appreciate it for it's,  because these are giant stages,  crazy stages with a lot of TVs,  similar to that chain link fence TV aesthetic  you've talked about recently.
  The stuff that like is very heavy in popular culture  in the mid to late 90s.
  Before that, it was present in like video art installations  galleries and all.
  So I feel like it's a catch all for what very out of touch  people see as a problem in society.
  It's just technology and change and fame  and our minds and war.
  Like when it was just say the words  and then never really turn it into a bigger point.
  There would be points in there.
  And this is a weird ass tour.
  They would go live to Sarajevo during the Bosnian war.
  And people would say like, this is really,  why are they doing this?  And then some people were like, this is exploiting the war.
  And they thought it would stop dead  in the middle of a rock and roll show.
  And they would talk to whoever was in a control room  in the country.
  Yeah, people had a lot to say about the 24 hour,  the budding 24 hour news cycle.
  So yeah, this is all over the place.
  So also by the way, drinking game in the episode,  when Mike says the full phrase rock and roll,  have I said it yet?  Twice.
  Okay.
  It's a rock and roll show.
  Actually show is part, take a,  make it a double shot if show is in there too.
  I will not try to force someone to get drunk,  but I'm going to just do it naturally.
  So yeah, so this is like, this is a multiple year tour.
  It went everywhere.
  And I would just, the change from YouTube before  is that they're like a little bit self-aware now.
  They're a little bit,  they're doing things differently.
  They're willing to have,  they don't want to seem like they're sticks in the mud,  even though they probably still are.
  But like self-aware in the sense of like,  I was really thinking about this when we were on our  $20,000 a ticket Concorde flight.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, yeah, no, they're ultra rich already.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Now like what's going on down there?  What we're passing over,  what's happening down on the ground?  Yes, does Bono, did they move a lot of their money  to a Norwegian bank to stop paying taxes?  Yes, I think they did do that.
  So look, there's charity work.
  Does it all fall in the line of like  the Clinton Global Initiative?  Sure it does.
  Where you're like, I'm not sure.
  Obviously there's the Red Foundation, which we will get to,  which is an AIDS foundation.
  And I'm sure work has been done.
  I'm pretty sure, I hope has been done  to help cure AIDS globally.
  We'll get there because believe it or not,  our friend might make an appearance at a Red event.
  To either help with or hinder the cause  of helping out with AIDS.
  So yeah, so this is a crazy big thing and Bono.
  It's a big, they never done a big theatrical tour before  and part of the theatrical presentation is characters.
  Yes.
  This is an innovation we're going to bring.
  And it seems like the characters stepped up  in terms of, is the fly really a fleshed out character?  I don't know.
  Is Mr.
 McFisto?  I feel like McFisto is a hair above the fly  as far as fleshed out.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  There's a full turn seemingly in the show  where Bono is no more and McFisto is.
  Yes, so all the whole Zoo TV tour is pretty well documented.
  There's a couple of recorded shows on YouTube.
  There's a lot of clips and I'll say this about McFisto.
  He is well documented online.
  When I started looking through this stuff  and I'm like, I like you too.
  I like this era of you too.
  I like the earlier era of you too.
  I don't love the last 20 years.
  I didn't know a lot of this.
  I didn't know.
  I was shocked that anyone gave a shit about him,  but as I was talking to Jason before this,  we were like, oh yeah,  this was like one of the biggest bands in America  and it was a huge world tour.
  There has to be somebody who has made  and maintains a weird old looking GeoCities website  about Mr.
 McFisto.
  And that's where I got most of the information today  is a Mr.
 McFisto fan site  that looks like it was started in 95.
  And yet I ended up there too  and it is updated with information from 2018 at least.
  Which is kind of weird.
  You're like, wow, so this is an old website  that hasn't been touched.
  Wait a minute.
  These are references to new things  and new celebrities and new technologies.
  Somebody is using the same computer that they used in 96.
  Anytime they catch wind that Bono is dressed up  with little horns again.
  Yeah, it is an old computer.
  It is used for the updating the YouTube fan sites  and scheduling Southwest Airlines flights.
  Same machine.
  Yes, that's a very good point.
  So if I have to justify why it's on our Theme Park podcast,  this couldn't be more of a fucking Green Goblin  Theme Park character in one of his songs that he would do.
  There's a big, I won't even say it.
  Did you watch some of the songs?  I'll ask both of you.
  A little bit.
  Okay.
  I mostly watch prank phone calls.
  Cause I don't know what else to call them.
  Yeah, no, that's what he,  Mr.
 McFisto would prank phone call someone  in the middle of the show, basically.
  Let me take a step back  cause I'm getting very overwhelmed.
  We need to say, what has not been said is  what is Mr.
 McFisto?  He is a man who is like, it's Bono with face paint on,  devil ears, and he is, there's many things  that have like been referenced for like who he's channeling.
  I've seen like, you know, Liberace.
  I've seen just the devil himself, you know, whatever.
  Is he the devil or is he a devil?  I think he is the devil.
  I think that's the idea.
  Yeah, the devil is an aging rock star  or like a washed up music hall, English music hall musician.
  Yes.
  And he, he's wearing like a red shirt  and like a gold suit, very shiny.
  And he's got kind of platform shoes.
  And he, he does have a voice.
  That's the voice I was doing is sort of similar  to the voice that he's doing  when he's playing the character.
  So he's got a slightly different persona.
  I'm not saying this is some  of the greatest character work ever.
  I'm just saying he is doing a little bit  of a different voice.
  It is more sinister.
  It's a quiet thing.
  And he drags the words out and then they go up.
  That's about what he's putting on it.
  And I'll say this, you can tell he loves it.
  He loves doing this.
  He loves playing Mr.
 McPhisto.
  And then I'm looking through this too.
  And I find there's a guy, there's a guy that's referenced  in again, one of the many books  that have sections on Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Many books.
  And that website, there's all these different sources.
  And it's like this, in this great YouTube book  there's a whole chapter on Mr.
 McPhisto.
  And I'm like, I guess of course there is,  but I'm just, again, it was shocking to me.
  You feel like YouTube is huge.
  Everybody knows YouTube and yet comparatively  the world does not think about Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Like it seems like it's a weird thing.
  Like we know the big songs, we know one  but then why do regular people not know  that Bono was a devil guy for like long monologue  for 15 minutes a concert.
  Millions saw this.
  Millions saw the devil man.
  And I guess it's because like Ziggy Stardust  is an album that David Bowie did and a persona.
  Yes.
  So I guess that's what keeps him.
  But I think that, cause like this has its roots for sure.
  You know, there's a lot of like rock star alter egos  out there.
  Yes.
  You know, it all clearly stemming from Sergeant Pepper.
  The idea that we're gonna do an album  kind of as other people.
  And then Ziggy Stardust as well.
  However, like none of them are,  there's not a lot of like Ziggy Stardust media.
  They like, there's not like, and now here's a scene  that Ziggy Stardust does and talks to you.
  It's like embedded in the music  and especially Sergeant Pepper  because I was thinking about this how, okay, Sergeant Pepper.
  Well, yeah, when the Beatles were playing  these other characters, okay.
  Now name any other fact about that.
  Okay, Billy Shears.
  I know one of them is Billy Shears.
  Can anyone name who the other guys were?  I can't actually.
  Yeah, I had no idea.
  But they are named.
  Yeah, I don't even know where this comes from.
  Their names are Mark Dave and Bob Henderson.
  Wow.
  So when you look at that cover, it's not John Lennon.
  It's Mark Henderson.
  Wait, so the three of them, George, Paul, and John  are brothers of some kind and then Billy Shears is Ringo  who sings a little help with my friends  because they introduce him and they say his name in the song.
  So Ringo is not related to the three of them?  I guess not.
  That's mean.
  It's the same format that the movie took on  where the brothers Gib are three of them  and then Peter Frampton is not really,  in real life, the relations.
  So that's the rule.
  If you're gonna be a Sergeant Pepper,  three of, a Lonely Arts Club band,  three of you have to be related and one of you cannot be.
  Right.
  I mean, I didn't know all this.
  Honestly, until this moment, I didn't know why  that song starts off with someone saying Billy Shears.
  Oh yeah.
  It's confusing, isn't it?  Yeah.
  Billy Shears.
  But I mean, when did I first hear  the Sergeant Pepper's album?  2002, 2003.
  So by that point, it had been parodied so many times.
  I had seen it in books, on posters.
  Like I said, a million parodies.
  I just know like, oh, it's everyone.
  It's all the 20th century stars.
  Like Marilyn Monroe is there.
  Right, right.
  Politicians are there, you know?  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm just getting at that like, it's weird.
  It's a step beyond for Bono to now do.
  It's not just that like,  this character's from a point of view.
  Yeah.
  This song's from the point of view of a character rather.
  That like, this concert is going to stop  and I'm going to talk as a character for 15 minutes.
  It's weird.
  Yeah.
  Which is why I like it.
  Like, it's a giant tour with some dumb crap  that most people don't care about.
  They're just cheering cause Bono's on stage.
  Yes.
  And wasn't memorable.
  Was not probably that memorable to them.
  No.
  Can you clarify though?  Cause some of the stuff I saw was that like,  oh, Mr.
 McPhisto would come out for the encores?  Yes.
  I think they changed things up and they changed the setlist.
  Now he was not on the American tour.
  Correct.
  He was, there was a different character on the American tour  that would come out encore time named the Mirror Ball Man  who was a televangelist, like a Southern guy,  but they felt it didn't transfer overseas.
  So that's why McPhisto had to be born.
  And Bono likes televangelists, approves of them,  thinks they're doing good work?  No.
  What?  He thinks they're charlatans.
  We couldn't possibly think that they're driven by greed.
  I think he does.
  Now he never says that in the show,  but I think that's what he means.
  I think that's what he thinks.
  This all also has, it's like, maybe,  I don't know if they were the first ever to do it,  but I'm obsessed with Sticks and the Kilroy Was Here  album tour, which might've been the first situation where,  all right, we're gonna go see Sticks tonight, huh?  And then 10 minutes and they opened with it.
  You had to watch a movie, and then you had to watch a play.
  Like, a lot, like even, actually,  it's more laborious than what Bono's doing,  because it's the two of them who cannot act  nearly to the degree that Bono can act,  which is to say not.
  But basically, but the Sticks thing also was like,  technology is destroying young people and rock,  and also there's a televangelist,  and like, it's all the same shit.
  When rock stars start, you know what I'm gonna  get my message out about?  Religion.
  And what do you have to say about,  ah, it's just, you know, it's there.
  It's not good, it's not good.
  Would that Sticks thing, would that be,  that would be post like, The Wall and Tommy?  Yes.
  Which would also be very theatrical.
  That's why they did it, you're totally right.
  Like, we gotta get in on that.
  Us, Sticks, who make as good of music as  Pink Floyd.
  Who in Pink Floyd?  The Wall, I have always heard, like,  I mean, I've heard the album, but, you know,  he's toured it in recent years, and I've heard like,  look, the original thing, very heavy-handed, big hits,  you gotta see this show, like the show, The Flying Pig,  like the projection of that, like, it is a sight to see.
  So The Wall does not, The Wall and Tommy  was like a separate thing you could go see,  but these were not things where you were like,  all right, welcome to the concert, everyone,  here comes a bunch of dialogue.
  Yeah, right, right, right.
  I don't think, as far as I know,  I don't really know what happens when you see The Wall.
  I don't, yeah, I think there's like little pieces maybe,  but it's not, what's his name, Dave Gilmore?  Is he the touring guy on The Wall?  Is it the other one?  What's the other guy's name, that's still alive?  Roger Waters.
  Roger Waters, oh, Roger Waters is the one doing The Wall.
  Sorry.
  Roger Waters, I don't think he puts on  a little devil costume.
  No.
  But he's not, he doesn't have the, you know,  the performer's spark and energy  and the need for attention of Bond.
  Yeah, you two, I will say this,  like the Rolling Stones, I feel like,  were like cool dirtbags when they were like younger.
  And now of course they're all in a touch,  but like they still have some of the coolness.
  You two, bunch of dorks, always been a bunch of dorks,  can't escape it.
  Sure, sure, yeah.
  Yeah, I would agree with that.
  I was just gonna say, oh, now I forgot.
  Sorry.
  The Rolling Stones, I listened to the audiobook of,  oh God, what's his face?  The second? Keith Richards?  Yeah, Keith Richards' audiobook, Life,  which was notable 10 or 12 years ago,  because it's like, well, Keith reads three quarters of it,  and Johnny Depp reads.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
  That's the book where he says Mick Jagger's got  like a little dick.
  He like trashes Mick Jagger in the whole book.
  He didn't even fill up me old mouth.
  A big chunk of it is the dirtbag years,  and talking about them like, look,  we were mostly playing covers of American blues songs,  and we had to pull people's teeth to do our original songs.
  And which seems crazy to me now,  because I think of their original.
  There's a story in that Rolling Stones book  where they talk about just like walking up some stairs,  and one of them or a friend of theirs or something  at the top of the stairs,  and they just start pissing on them as they're going up.
  I'm like, this is a different life.
  This is a, they grew up in a rough way, it seems like,  at least Keith did.
  Well, they passed the baton to us.
  This is our hijinks on tour.
  Yeah.
  Next time, next time around, I'm doing the peeing.
  I'm not letting you guys get up the stairs.
  Man, Scott's gonna pee on us next time.
  I'm racing up those babies.
  Tinkle, tinkle.
  I hope that's what Keith, if Keith was the peer,  I hope he said that.
  Tinkle, tinkle.
  This is all happening while Mike knocked over  a cup of tea earlier.
  Yeah, a spot of tea.
  Opening a card table.
  And so it does look like there is a puddle of pee behind it.
  Of piss, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I thought that was, I assumed this was Rockstar  to botchery before I came in.
  Pissing all over the garage.
  Where were you heading?  So I was heading with the different, I don't know,  we're all over the place.
  So there's a lot of rabbit holes you can find yourself in  as you're going through all the extensive archives  of Mr.
 McPhisto.
  One is that somebody claims that the biggest inspiration  is a guy named Quentin Crisp.
  Which is- Why do I know that name?  Because he's everywhere, like it's a gentleman,  he was alive in like the, he was born in the 1900s.
  He was a gay man, an openly gay man in the UK  in like the 20s and 30s.
  He was, believe it or not, that wasn't easy to do  from what I understand.
  But then he moved to New York, I believe in like the 70s  or 80s and he was on Letterman a ton.
  He did a one man show, he wrote books.
  He's in Tuang Fu, he's in the movie,  Tilda Swann movie, Orlando.
  Huh.
 Okay.
  Qualifies for the podcast with that name.
  That's right.
 We have to talk about it.
  He's the bassist for Sting's song  and Englishman in New York.
  Oh.
  Like I go, this guy, and then the last thing I learned  is Bill Murray claims he's dressed like Quentin Crisp  in Ghostbusters Answer the Call.
  What? That's, wait, wait, sorry, Bill Murray says-  Bill Murray's cameo.
 He's dressed as-  In Ghostbusters Answer the Call,  he's wearing like fancy clothes,  which people thought he was doing  because he was imitating Paul Feig,  the director of the movie.
  But he said it was Quentin Crisp was the inspiration for it.
  Hmm.
  Now, there's another man that people said like,  oh, he was inspired by this performer  who started a big theater in Dublin.
  Yes.
 Well, there's many, look,  when a character is a hit like this,  everyone wants to say- Everyone wants to say-  Everyone wants to claim-  Everyone wants to- Where did this come from?  But this, but the Crisp thing,  I have the Letterman thing.
  If you listen to him, you're like,  oh yeah, that's kind of the voice that he's doing here.
  As you wasted, dusting all the rails under the chairs,  with people saying, if you go on living like this,  heaven knows what will happen.
  Well, it's what he would sound like  if he was any good at voices.
  Well, sure.
  But I feel like I go,  oh, that is kind of what he's going for, I think.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, I learned about a new person  and that was interesting.
  And it seemed like he's been in so many things.
  Anyway.
  So Bono is saying that this pioneering gay man  is the devil.
  Yeah, basically.
  Great.
  Again, he may not have thought things through that much.
  But yeah.
  But he wanted him to be charismatic.
  Yeah, so he chose a charismatic guy.
  Sure, sure.
  And yeah, so I guess, so yeah,  you guys watch a little of the actual performance.
  Yeah.
  Well, and I guess I know that there's monologues,  there's phone calls.
  Does he perform songs as McPhisto?  Yes.
  The answer is yes.
  Including like, okay, so here's my problem with McPhisto  is that the songs he's singing aren't McPhisto's songs.
  He sings like with or without you, I think,  as Mr.
 McPhisto.
  That is not tonally correct.
  Too sincere.
  Yeah.
  So when he's singing like,  like daddy's gonna pay for your crashed car from Zuroppa,  that's closer, I think.
  That's more tonally right.
  But yeah, so he sings other songs in the encore  and they would switch it up.
  But I have this problem also with Kiss,  and somebody's gonna be mad because maybe I'm wrong,  but Kiss, they have personas, the demon, the star child,  but their songs are like rock and roll all night.
  And you're like, well, wait a minute,  what does that have to do with the demon?  Where does Beth, how does that song,  it's had this like kind of sleepy ballad attached  to the notion that a devil is singing this.
  Detroit Rock City or like, or Black Diamond,  which songs I like by the way,  but I want songs written from the perspective of the demon.
  I want a full McPhisto album.
  So yes, it's weird when he's singing 80s U2 songs.
  You prefer the four solo records  where they took the makeup off.
  And they were all released simultaneously  because it's honest.
  Right, instead of the fun character,  I want no fun character because I don't want,  it doesn't make sense to me because it upsets me so much.
  There must be some boring songs on those.
  Like what is it like the drummer's album?  Like what's the eighth song?  You know what I don't think has come up on the show yet  is that I started listening to one of Ace Fraley's  solo albums called Fraley's Comet.
  Where he talks about himself in the third person  and talks about him like going through rehab.
  Okay, honest.
  That's good, we like honesty.
  And one of the songs is called Rock Soldiers.
  It's really funny.
  He's like, Fraley's back and I told you so.
  Like there's some really good lines on it.
  They are soldiers.
  They're knights in Satan's service.
  Right.
  So yeah, so I guess here, let's get to one,  like the debut of him in the show,  I guess that would be the best place to start.
  Okay.
  And again, there's so many things open on my computer here.
  I'm gonna have to take a second.
  All right.
  So yeah, generally on an encore,  all of a sudden, and I was playing a little of this  and I don't have to play this again.
  There's this kind of like little crude drawing of a boy  in a, I guess, like a old sci-fi bubble helmet.
  And he's like, it's like weird.
  You hear this.
  I don't know what the significance of it is.
  In one of those books, probably you can find out.
  But then everyone's cheering.
  YouTube takes the stage, but it's only the three members.
  Where's the lead singer, you might ask.
  And he is of course getting ready.
  And you see him on a video screen.
  And I'll show this to my two co-hosts.
  And hopefully you saw this  and you can describe what you're seeing.
  Is he putting on lipstick?  In a mirror.
  And he's got his own little dressing room  that's been like set up by the side of the stage.
  And I should have put this a little bit farther ahead.
  So he's got his devil horns on.
  And he's got like a big gold mirror that he's looking.
  He's mugging a lot.
  He's mugging a lot.
  A snide smile.
  He's in character.
  And they're doing most of the song while he's backstage.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  Getting ready.
  And I will say, I love this.
  I love this.
  Okay.
  I do, right?  It's stupid as shit.
  And I love it.
  I guess that you're, yeah, well, all right.
  How are they gonna top themselves in this concert?  Well, the devil is gonna perform the encore.
  That's good.
  Specifically like a naughty little devil.
  Yes, he's a naughty little devil.
  It's full camp.
  It's full camp.
  And then he has like some stage assistants  to dress him with the coat.
  And we don't have to hear the whole,  this is daddy's gonna pay for your crash card.
  Not my favorite song,  but when there's a little cheeky devil singing it  live on stage.
 It's very professional wrestling.
  Sure, yeah.
  You wanna, you're building it up.
  And this is what I'm saying.
  This is one of those like very Euro dance type songs  where you're sort of like building up, you know?  So then Mr.
 McPhistle comes out.
  He dances like Bono.
  This is one of Bono's dance moves,  which I was showing Jason before Scott was here.
  He puts his leg up in the air and kind of like bounces.
  And apparently McPhistle does that same thing.
  So they do the rest of the song.
  The McPhistle hop.
  But here's the part that's very theme park.
  There's the edge.
  Edge is dressed like some sort of general, but.
  Why aren't they stopping the devil?  They're in league with this guy.
  They could shut this down.
  Just go whack him with the guitar.
  Get the devil off the stage.
  Very good point.
  So yeah, again, this daddy's gonna pay  for your crashed car.
  What happens on stage at this point,  but the same thing like the Fast and the Furious section  of a universal backlot tour.
  Some cars are dancing around?  Two dancing cars appear on the stage.
  Wow.
  This is exactly Fast and the Furious.
  What was that called?  Extreme closeup or something?  Something like that.
  Sorry, I could have made that a lot brighter.
  So yeah, there's just two dangling full size automobiles  over the band for truly no reason.
  Wow.
  But that's.
  We'd love to lay gasoline over this.
  Wow, we can't.
  That's my only complaint.
  There's some writing on the cars as well.
  And let's see, visit to see David.
  Something, I should have read this before.
  War technology, data overload.
  Hitler, Mussolini, Pope.
  And large handkerchief.
  I should really have looked at this before  because I'm going to run right into reading  a racial slur or something.
  David is probably some fascist European politician  who we have never heard of in America.
  And then at the end,  much like the Joker in Batman 89,  a bunch of money shoots out of guns.
  I don't know if it's, I assume it's not real money.
  I should look in to see if they have YouTube play money  made up for this.
  One of my favorite things is the wrestler Kazushka of Kata.
  He is a rainmaker and he makes it rain with money  when he comes out.
  And the money has his face on it  if you get a couple of them.
  Oh, that's great.
  I have a few of those.
  I like what you're showing me.
  You know what this is?  I guess I have found you two, yes,  to be pompous or overly serious.
  And I do like that what you're showing me is so silly.
  It does help me get a little more on board.
  Good, yeah, that's because they're, I miss this, you two.
  And they're never going back.
  It's never happening again.
  Well, post 9-11, after they became 9-11, the band.
  Yeah, so that's very true.
  They have a duty at this point.
  They can't goof around.
  Although I guess I should have said this for the end,  but there was an interview with the Edge two years ago  where he was like, could Zootv return?  Oh, huh, huh.
  Which is 30 years of Octon Baby.
  So yeah, so they would do songs.
  That seems like the most fun.
  That had the most nonsense in it  as far as extracurricular stage stuff.
  But then there was a section where Mr.
 McPhistle  would just talk to the audience and be naughty.
  And then he would, as Jason said earlier,  make a prank phone call, essentially.
  He'd do jerky boys bits.
  He would call the US Treasury.
  And it's either staged things.
  I'm pretty, like the way I was reading it  was making it seem like these were completely impromptu.
  Sometimes he would call the White House or something.
  And it does sound like he gets an operator  and then a hangup, which maybe that wasn't staged.
  But then there was one where he calls the UN  and it's like, if you need,  there was just some joke in there  that I should have written down.
  But it was like, if you need a,  if you're a third world country  and you need help, blah, blah, blah,  call our 800 number or something.
  And I'm like, well, that's not the real.
  No.
  But he would call like, there's a list.
  So this website that of course we'll post  lists all the different people he called  on each stop of the tour.
  Wow.
  So he called the Pope.
  He called Pavarotti.
  He called Helmut Kohl.
  He called, he would just,  sometimes he would just call for a taxi.
  He called Dame Edna.
  He called Princess Di.
  He called-  It's religion, it's politics.
  It's just cool people too.
  He called, when he was in the Tokyo Dome,  he called sumo wrestler Aki Bono.
  That's pretty cool.
  Did he pick up?  I believe he picked up and then he challenged him  to an arm wrestling match or whatever.
  And then he called,  on the second night of their Tokyo Dome shows,  he called Madonna.
  Ah.
  Did Madonna pick up?  Well then someone's like-  Wait, I read about this.
  I think Madonna was there.
  Okay.
  But then I don't think came,  I don't know, it's all very confusing.
  Can I read one of my favorites?  Yeah, go, yeah, please.
  This is that the fan website quotes the edge saying that,  one highlight was calling the minister of fisheries  in Norway, John Henry Olsen.
  Oh yeah, yes I saw this.
  To congratulate him on whaling,  which was forbidden by the European Union,  but legal in Norway.
  He actually took the call and invited Bono  to come and have a whale steak with him.
  Oh God.
  So that's-  Yeah, so that one may have gone through.
  So I guess, yeah, so it's very,  it's much like Fear Factor Live,  where we were kind of unclear  if it's completely plants or whatever.
  I feel like some of these calls were planned.
  Maybe that one wasn't planned.
  Cause the Mr.
 Mephisto would say the opposite  of what Bono believed.
  He would say good job on the whaling,  when of course he doesn't like whaling.
  Oh, the website that you referred to  breaks down Mr.
 Mephisto's likes and dislikes.
  And one of his dislikes is whales.
  Whales.
  They're unemployed, they don't pay taxes,  and they take up a lot of room.
  And in general, he has absolutely no time  for people who do like whales or dolphins.
  Yeah, and his previous character,  the Mirror Ball Man in America,  yeah, would often call the White House.
  And like, I would like to speak to George H.
W.
 Bush  and congratulate him on the war.
  Cause it's the devil, the devil likes war.
  Right, but this is also back,  this is I feel like back when he might have been  a little bit more in touch,  cause there was just an article about,  and maybe in the New York Times, I forget,  talking to Bono about all this stuff.
  And they were like, you know,  some people think it's kind of weird  that you're like very friendly with George W.
 Bush.
  And he's like, I don't believe he's a bad man.
  I don't think, you know, he meant to do anything.
  And they're like, some people think you're out of it  at this point.
  And he was like, what do you mean?  Very much read like a McFisto, like I'm not bad.
  What do you mean?  He's got Davos brain in real life.
  Yeah, so maybe back then he was actually a little more.
  I think his paintings are charming.
  Yeah.
  He gave Michelle Obama the candy.
  Yeah, so we'll see when the Zoo TV Tour comes back,  who he's calling.
  Maybe it's, he just calls George W.
 Bush and goes,  thank you for everything.
  You're a nice man, you.
  I endorse it all.
  Don't fall off your Segway again.
  Was that him, was that George W.
 Bush?  Fell off a.
  Did he fall off a Segway?  I feel like, or every president, I feel like for.
  Decades has fallen off a bike or some sort of.
  Did Trump fall?  Trump was very careful.
  He was afraid of falling.
  Cause he knows one fall and that's it.
  That's all it'll take.
  Yeah, maybe.
  He's barely hanging together.
  The best one is that one where the,  he's gripping that railing on a ramp.
  I forget which one that was.
  Which place that was.
  When it was stair mania for a little while,  that Trump is afraid of stairs and he's denying it.
  And people are like, no, no, no, look, I went back.
  I looked at both of his SNL monologues  cause he's got four stairs to walk down.
  When you come down to do that  and he's gripping that railing super hard.
  So you don't see any other hosts do.
  Wow.
  That is a little proof there.
  I feel like there was a rally  and maybe I've just, false memory.
  I've implanted in my own mind  where he walked up a ramp or stairs  and then talked about it.
  He's like, so I walked up the ramp.
  I did it.
  He went on and on.
  He was like, people, he goes, I'm not gonna get fooled.
  You're not gonna fool me.
  I'm not tripping.
  He was like really,  he didn't like that people made fun of him for that,  but he was like, I had to do it.
  I didn't want to fall.
  And then the crowd was just like, they loved it.
  They're like, yes.
  Yeah.
  So I have a clip here.
  I'm not, this isn't like a great clip,  but he's calling and he's got like a sparkly phone.
  Mr.
 McPhiss, don't add Trump.
  He did not make prank phone calls.
  Although they sounded like pranks.
  He actually did make a prank.
  He probably called a lot of the same people on this list  and it was funnier than this for sure.
  I believe there are stories of Trump  having a fake publicist name that he would call people.
  Oh yeah, that's true.
  So we kind of did do prank calls.
  He would call like AJ gossip columnist, AJ Benza,  reports as his own PR person.
  He would torture spy.
  He would call spy magazine constantly.
  So here's Bono, Mr.
 McPhiss, excuse me,  calling Alessandra Mussolini, Mussolini's granddaughter.
  Oh.
  Six, eight, eight.
  So he's dialing.
  Zero, three,  oh, one.
  Middle of a concert.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  Audience like.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  I don't think he's speaking.
  I don't think he's speaking.
  Hello.
  Well I didn't count on this.
  Italian and Italian.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  So he's like very satisfied.
  I didn't know that.
  Hello.
  These seem like messages, these phone calls.
  Exactly.
  Never that satisfying.
  You can call and say congrats on the war,  but then what's gonna happen?  Hello, I'd like to leave a message  for Alessandra Mussolini.
  I was a close friend of her grandfather's  and I just want to tell her she's doing a wonderful job  filling the old man's shoes.
  Audience clueless.
  Audience like what is this?  I believe in Italy tomorrow,  but I won't be far away.
  And I will be with her forever in spirit.
  I have a question.
  Before all this happened and before,  was there ever a moment where he said,  I'm Mr.
 McPhisto and I'm a devil?  Like was that, was the game set up?  So that the audience knew what the fuck this was?  Oh God.
  Or where they left Flaylon.
  I don't think so.
  I think he, I think he did introduce himself.
  When you say like,  did he do it enough to have them know what's going on?  No.
  But I do think he introduces himself.
  Okay.
  He says I'm McPhisto at least.
  Yes.
  Like there's other devil based entertainment  that it starts, please allow me to introduce myself.
  Oh yes.
  That's true.
  The bands we mentioned before.
  That is true.
  Yeah.
  So it seems like a lot of those, yeah,  we're like going to,  so I guess that maybe those are the real ones.
  Cause I was reading the Madonna one was like set up  cause she was there,  but there was some confusion.
  I don't know.
  So, but it does seem like it grinds the show to a halt.
  It's unsatisfying.
  The audience can't tell.
  Like you can't hear anything in a concert.
  Yeah, probably not.
  And you want to,  I am amazed by the ballsiness of,  we're going to talk for a while  cause like banter seems impossible.
  Like you either have to be in an intimate setting  or your banter is kind of polished  or you're so established that people will not mind  that you just talk for a minute.
  But most, if you're in the middle somewhere,  I feel like bands don't even try.
  You're not going to do a big run.
  Like here's my standup at the Greek or whatever.
  Yeah.
 These are arenas or stadiums.
  The people in the way back are like, what is he doing?  And imagine also in that big list of phone calls you made,  imagine how many of them it just like kept ringing  or the phone thing wasn't working that night.
  Or like, this must've been just a night after night  of a full minute of dial tones  or people gesturing off stage.
  It's not working.
  We can't get the phone.
  Vamp, Phil.
  Did he have like lines ready to go like,  oh, guess I need a new calling card.
  Yeah, he had lines.
  He knew exactly.
  There was probably a writer on staff.
  1-800, when 1-800 collect came along,  it was all 1-800 collect.
  Sure.
  And I'm charging all of you.
  Expect a bill in the mail.
  70,000 people.
  Set the call if you know what's good for you.
  Accept the charge.
  And the woo that would come after, it would just be woo.
  And there'd be like a question mark at the end  from the audience.
  Like, what? Woo.
  I think we like this because you're you too  and we paid to beer so we'd have to like it, right?  It's heartening to learn that Alessandra Mussolini  reminded every few months.
  So it's like, oh, still skulking around.
  Yeah, still around.
  He called one of the LePens, Marie LePen,  fascist politician in France now,  I believe her father before her, also a piece of shit.
  Sure.
  And now he's probably been on the upstate plane  with the two of them.
  Very well.
  Yeah, very good.
  We're just there for a fun flight.
  It's not about politics.
  If we don't put differences aside,  we can cure AIDS and you want to do that, right?  So I needed to be on the plane.
  So sad what happened to Ghislaine.
  Oh, Ghislaine.
  You were naughty.
  He's now, already just now he can backpedal like,  okay, if you find pictures of me talking to Ghislaine,  that was Mr.
 McPhisto, right?  But he doesn't, and he doesn't always have his horns  or his paint.
  Sometimes he's mischievous in that way.
  He'll confuse you, you see.
  And that'll hold up in court.
  And in fact, if I say anything now in this interview  that I get canceled for online later, that was McPhisto.
  He's gonna get a chill freak card with this.
  Yeah, and it's gonna, yeah, it'll hold up.
  No jury would convict Mr.
 McPhisto.
  If you ever been offended by anything I've said on the show,  it was Mr.
 Scott Phisto.
  Okay, all right, that makes me feel better.
  Mr.
 Scott Phisto did most of the Living with the Land  episode.
  Okay, great.
  There's so many just funny, random, stupid things  they try to help attribute to Mr.
 McPhisto.
  They're like, you know, Bono has been quoted as saying,  mystery and mischief are the two most important ingredients  in rock and roll.
  Wow.
  And you're like, oh, okay.
  What are they?  Not like a guitar and drums?  Yeah, like a four-four time and.
  Amplification.
  Yeah, like electric guitar.
  Yeah, one guitar, one bass and drums.
  I would chalk that up.
  It's like a good starting place.
  Yeah.
  But something that you can't buy at Guitar Center is mischief.
  Can I say some more likes and dislikes?  Yeah, yeah, please.
  If you have any of these two, feel free.
  But let me say the ones that I liked.
  I really, just this, seeing this breakdown,  cause I like that on like these Disneypedia pages.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Scar likes killing his brother.
  Classifying things as likes and dislikes is really fun to me.
  So these must be pulled from various, you know,  McPhisto rants, but likes.
  People with old fashioned values,  fascist politicians and the like.
  He's nostalgic for the good old days of the Raj,  the empire, the third Reich.
  By in 2018, he said, I'm pleased to see the KKK back in vogue.
  He's staying on it.
  He's staying, he's up with our current issues.
  He's as evil as ever.
  Hear his thoughts about Tar.
  But he's like, I'd like an I call Lydia Tar  and say congratulations.
  Actually, I only watched 45 minutes of the movie,  so I don't know what, I can't,  I don't know what Lydia Tar does.
  Does anyone?  No, I haven't sat down and I haven't taken  the two hours in 37 minutes yet.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Like parent movie watching,  every movie takes three nights at least.
  What, likes, what else do I like?  I like organized religion.
  They're doing my job for me, aren't they?  Putting the children off God.
  That's kind of correct, actually.
  That's true.
  I guess, but he's saying it  in the most annoying fashion possible.
  And if you get cheeky, you want to not agree with it, maybe?  It's the onion, the worst person you know  just made a great point.
  Likes, people occupying the extremes,  demonizing their opponents and resorting to personal insults  instead of seeking out common ground,  considers compromise to be a dirty word.
  Do we, do we think this is the editorialization  of the website writer?  Yeah, to some extent, I don't think any of that is quotes,  but you know, he could extrapolate.
  They are wrong.
  Here's, this one gets more specific though,  and this again, you can tell when this,  what year this was set in.
  He likes seeing his protege's achieve success.
  Why, I'm so proud of comrade Putin,  and I see great promise in his latest charge,  dear old Donnie.
  Boo.
  All right, all right.
  Stink.
  I don't know that McPhisto will work in modern times,  necessarily.
  Well, first of all, it's confusing.
  The double speak, the, you know, like,  my dad didn't understand the Colbert report.
  I don't get this.
  Why is this guy saying all this stuff?  Well, no, it's all the opposite of what,  ah, I can't deal with that.
  This is what anybody, you know, it is a Colbert,  you know, really Colbert has Mr.
 McPhisto to thank.
  That's a good point.
  A great opposite character.
  Well, McPhisto, yeah, should have,  McPhisto should have gotten his own show  or appeared more places.
  Well, the Daily Show has not been solved yet.
  They're just throwing a bunch of guest hosts at it  and there's no show after it.
  I don't think, wait, I don't even know.
  So perhaps time for the McPhisto report, me thinks.
  And a weirdo Mr.
 McPhisto host.
  They can at least test him.
  Yeah, we're testing, we're trying Wanda Sykes,  we're trying Leslie Jones,  we're trying Bono in character as Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Maybe they can try Bono in character  as his character from Sing, too.
  Let's try all the characters.
  A different Bono every night.
  Cause he's got the characters.
  What is the character, what is the, he's a lion in Sing.
  Yeah, what is-  He's Guay's reluctant rock star, Clay Calloway.
  I've been loosed out of retirement by Buster Moon  as portrayed by Matthew McConaughey.
  This is a movie that lots of people saw.
  We gotta watch that.
  Two of them.
  We gotta watch that.
  Yeah, let's sing, too.
  I gotta watch this Sing's.
  Children are gonna love both Sing's.
  Yeah, probably.
  I'll know what all these are soon enough.
  Things that he does not like.
  Wails covered that.
  I'm not a fan of that Bono and his endless preaching.
  He's a jumped up little Jesus and a pompous little prick.
  So me and McPhisto have this in common, I think.
  I do share some views with Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Common ground, which McPhisto hates.
  I don't like it.
  I like fighting.
  And in fact, I hate the phrase love thy neighbor.
  It makes me want to fucking retch.
  Boy, he did a lot of monologues.
  If all this information is out there.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Met lots of chances to get his views out there.
  I, this is where, all right, this is,  what I'm about to say is really theme parky.
  Yeah.
  That he says, I loathe sappy songs of unity like one.
  Like that's so what a villain in a show would do is like,  like, no, don't say it.
  Like this isn't one, there was no villain  in the Barney live show.
  But if there was a, oh, I hate that.
  I love you.
  You love me.
  It makes me want to retch.
  You don't want to hear it.
  Do you?  No, I don't want to hear it.
  No, stop singing.
  Oh, it's poison to my ears.
  No.
  McPhisto is a perfect villain for the Bill and Ted show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, sure.
  They missed out.
  Yeah.
  Other than that, that show tends to cover things  that were relevant.
  That's true.
  They could have, there is a window in the nineties  where they could have had a villain.
  They could have had a very popular villain  that we would have had to spend 10 minutes explaining  who this villain is.
  I would love a poll of you hardcore YouTube,  I mean, not hardcore, but YouTube fans  who could name the character.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They're probably just lives at like,  yeah, they need to do this devil thing.
  What do you think the number is?  Percentage-wise?  Of human beings on planet Earth  who know that this guy's name is Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Well.
 I don't have a clue.
  It's gonna be at least 3000 due to our Patreon.
  That's true.
  So we're gonna up the numbers.
  So that plus 50,000, 53,000.
  I was gonna guess 25,000 people.
  Wow, wow.
  And YouTube sold 100 million albums plus, I think.
  Yeah.
  I bet it's 25,000.
  Well, cause look, people keep,  what most people do is keep living their lives.
  They don't get caught up.
  We just scour through pop cultural garbage cans.
  Oh, let me in there.
  Oh, I found a scrap.
  Hey, look, oh, I gotta tell the other garbage hands.
  I gotta text the guys.
  Yeah, we're Paul T.
 Goldman's in the trash.
  Yeah, digging through the trash.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, so this is McPhisto's,  the most prominent appearance of him.
  He has shown up in other things since then though,  including like on the next giant YouTube tour, Pop Mart,  which I think is sort of responsible for them,  like freaking out and going back to the well in a way.
  Pop Mart seemed profoundly annoying when I was like 12.
  I would just see it peripherally and like,  nope, not interesting.
  Well, there's no, they don't,  I don't think there's any McPhisto like character.
  He's like his image, like he's kind of like bat symbol  appears on the Pop Mart tour on the like the floor.
  McPhisto has a bat symbol.
  Basic one.
  We'll get to that too.
  It's his like horns, like it's almost like his hair  in the shape of horns and then his eyebrows.
  Okay.
  The audience knows what this is for sure.
  There was a lot of people going like,  are the horns too much?  Bono's really hamming and hauling  about putting the lipstick on.
  There was discussions.
  I don't know, he's thinking about the horns.
  There were discussions about the outfit.
  Yeah.
  And then he put the horns on and he was like perfect.
  And like the rest was history as they say.
  All it took was a stop at party city.
  Okay.
  McPhisto appears in, I don't know if you guys read this,  the Frank Sinatra and Bono music video,  I've Got You Under My Skin.
  I literally watched this music video today  and I don't know what you're talking about.
  He, I didn't see it.
  I didn't notice McPhisto.
  Well, Frank Sinatra transforms  into Mr.
 McPhisto very briefly.
  This was right in front of my eyes and I didn't see it.
  So it's right here.
  There's Frank.
  There's McPhisto and Frank goes back.
  So there's a brief, brief moment.
  Sinatra becomes him?  Frank Sinatra has the ability,  had the ability to become Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Now from what I understand, terrible guy in a lot of ways.
  Some people loved him.
  He did some nice stuff, but also a bad guy.
  So I don't know, I don't know why that's in there.
  Did Frank approve that?  Or did Frank just not have eyes on this in any way?  I think that might be more true.
  I don't know if he had eyes on that entire album.
  I had never heard that.
  This is the Sinatra Bono duet.
  That is a piece of shit.
  That is horrible.
  God.
  Is that the, is the Jimmy Buffett?  Is there's a, there's a Jimmy Buffett Sinatra song,  I believe as well.
  Mack the Knife, yes.
  They did Mack the Knife together.
  They did Mack the Knife.
  What?  Yeah, yeah.
  Buffett?  That is not in the genre of Buffett.
  You don't think that's good?  Whatsoever.
  Who's this curly haired idiot?  Why doesn't he have a suit on?  He's got a, what else?  He comes over, he comes to record in shorts.
  Get this turd out of here.
  Don't like his freestyle ways.
  Laid back turd.
  Here's a little bit of this,  although it's gonna have a problem loading.
  Jimmy Buffett, Mack the Knife duet with Frank Sinatra.
  God.
  But yes, he does.
  Why did they do this?  I've got you under my skin with Bono.
  There's a song that U2 wrote.
  There's a song on Zuroppa by U2 called The Wanderer,  which is Johnny Cash singing.
  I don't know if you've ever heard this.
  No.
  I think it's a great song.
  It's really cool.
  Johnny Cash like singing over like synth,  like synth music essentially.
  Kind of cool song.
  They wrote a song for Frank Sinatra called,  I think One Shot of Happy, Two Shots of Sad.
  And he did not record it.
  Why wouldn't I take two shots of happy?  What's wrong with you?  So I guess, yeah, I guess Bono.
  I think Brian Wilson had some failed  Frank Sinatra songs as well.
  This might have been the thing a lot of people tried.
  I always like those stories when somebody writes a song  for an artist and they go, nah.
  The first, the other one I think of is  the Matchbox 20 song, Disease, was written for Mick Jagger.
  And he was like, I'll write a part of the second verse,  but you sing it.
  Okay.
  So want to be polite.
  I kind of like that song,  but imagine 2000s era Mick Jagger going,  this song's not for me.
  Doesn't meet my standards.
  Here's Mack the Knife.
  Mack he's there.
  And he keeps it way out of sight.
  When that shark bites.
  Oh, that's why.
  Because of shark.
  Oh, I can get around this one.
  Hell yeah.
  How did you tell me there was a big fish in it?  They began to spread.
  Anyway, I would like Jimmy to do out with Seth MacFarlane.
  I think that would be good.
  Sure, yeah.
  Yeah, they're both island owners.
  They'll run into each other at some point.
  They've been on the up-scene plane.
  I've never really put this together,  but the duets albums come out in 93 and 94.
  Sinatra dies in 98.
  So I was just trying to figure out  how old was he at this point?  Oh, he was old as shit.
  Yeah.
  Old enough to not care at all.
  Not to care that they turned him into the devil briefly.
  So yeah, so then McPhisto would be referenced here and there  like before Elevation, I think on the tour  after they did the album All That You Can't Leave Behind,  he would be like, I'm looking for a little elevation  or something like little nods to it here and there.
  There's fans dressed as McPhisto.
  There's clips you can find recent tours  where Bono pulls a fan out of the audience  dressed as Mr.
 McPhisto and the guy jumps on stage  and is dancing with Bono and security swarms this guy.
  And Bono must be like, no, no, no, no, no.
  I asked her this.
  They're about to beat the shit out of this guy  and Bono's on the front of the stage trying to stop them  and then goes back to dancing with the guy.
  Has to waltz with him to protect him.
  Was that guy who tried to attack Chappelle  dressed as Mr.
 McPhisto?  Yeah.
  Okay, okay.
  He's just trying to turn his show off his costume.
  Very good eye.
  And there's a few other ones.
  He brought him back recently as an AR-like character.
  Did you see the photo of this?  It's not that interesting.
  You know how like on your phone,  you can send messages where like you're like a hippo.
  Like if you talk, the hippo will talk.
  Sure, sure.
  Which is pretty fun.
  So there's a version of McPhisto they did like that  where Bono's looking into a camera  and then on the screen you would see Mr.
 McPhisto.
  Oh, I've seen this.
  It's horrifying.
  Yeah, can you show Scott?  Yeah.
  This image was kind of going around for a little while.
  And it's not as fun.
  It sucks.
  It's like, what's the point if it's not,  he's not wearing fun outfit to make it look,  cause he looks, it looks more evil too, which is, you know.
  But it just looks like a garbage video game from 96.
  Yeah, it looks like a twisted metal character.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, so like who cares?  But like he would do that on a recent tour,  but yeah, not as fun.
  The most, well, we're gonna go back.
  I'm gonna retreat to,  we're gonna end with my favorite thing, of course.
  Sure, sure.
  But he did appear on Jimmy Kimmel a few years ago.
  Did you see this?  I did, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Explain this context though, it's kind of confusing.
  So the AIDS charity read,  a bunch of celebrities are involved with it.
  And I didn't, I guess Jimmy Kimmel live  and a couple of years in a row did something for it  by singing a song that was written called,  if we don't help people with AIDS, you're going to hell.
  I had no idea any of this.
  Okay.
  And in 2016,  it's a real interesting group of people  sitting around a piano, Jimmy Kimmel live.
  Brian Cranston.
  Brian Cranston, Brandon Flowers from The Killers,  Julia Roberts, Channing Tatum.
  Hold on, I gotta open the video to remember.
  Gawain Maxwell.
  Gawain.
  Oh, Alessandro Mussolini.
  Justin Roiland.
  Justin Roiland.
  That was a joke.
  Kristen Bell is there.
  So I don't know, it's like, it's a fun little,  like this is a song.
  It's like Seth MacFarlane type song.
  And it's like, it's like,  See, they're doing a Seth MacFarlane standard.
  It's Neil Patrick Harris.
  Oh, DJ Khaled is there.
  Hell yeah.
  And it's like a fun little song, you know,  to raise awareness.
  And again, I don't know much about the charity.
  I assume there's some good work being done.
  I'm always a little suspicious of a bunch of celebrities  with a big charity.
  But anyway, so they're, whatever, they're raising awareness.
  So they do this song and they're performing  and you can find the clip online.
  But all of a sudden they're all gathered around the piano  and then an explosion happens from behind them  that takes them off.
  They think they're done with the song,  but no, an explosion happens.
  Oh, the set has turned red.
  A concrete rock version of the song starts  and in a bathtub drinking champagne  is Mr.
 MacFisto on national television.
  Had Bono been in the episode at this point?  I actually don't know the answer to that.
  Oh, cause if not.
  The bathtub popped open.
  The bathtub is like Imagineer and it opens up.
  Yeah.
  And he comes out, he's got the.
.
.
  Did you say health?  Yes.
  That's not a word.
  There's no health.
  Scamming.
  Oh.
  Oh, sorry.
  There's some comedy cause he like makes up a word.
  So I gotta say, this might be the best  punk rock music I've ever heard.
  It's not as good as American Idiot, but it's close.
  It's not perfect, but.
  So then Mr.
 MacFisto goes over and he sits,  I think he sits on Jimmy Kimmel's lap.
  Yeah.
  And he's just so naughty.
  Like he's just being so naughty on TV.
  He does, he does not, does he have horns on?  I can't tell.
  Yeah, he does, he does.
  His hair is also like spiked up.
  So my question is, is the audience cheering  because Bono has just shown up or are they cheering  because it's not that Bono's already been on the show  and then Mr.
 MacFisto arrived.
  This is not a cheer for MacFisto.
  I don't know, no one in the audience knew.
  In the Kimmel audience in Hollywood Boulevard?  I could be wrong.
  Maybe it was one person was like, holy shit.
  It's Mr.
 MacFisto.
  He's doing MacFisto.
  He's doing MacFisto.
  Yeah.
  This is a question I had in general is like,  can you imagine the, like, okay, you've been obsessed  with MacFisto for a little bit, but you have kind  of an air about it.
  You like mentioning it as like, yeah, Mr.
 MacFisto,  Bono's character.
  Can you, can we imagine the character of somebody  who's just like, oh, Mr.
 MacFisto.
  The person who wrote the website.
  The person who wrote the website.
  I guess so, yeah, yeah.
  But like, what are they, like if you left the Zoo TV tour  and what you wanted to talk to your friend about  was MacFisto, what would your tone be?  Like what's an example of a compliment of MacFisto  that isn't confused?  Oh, very good point.
  That was so funny.
  When he did that devil guy.
  I mean, now that was some solid satire.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I knew he could sing, but he made me laugh too.
  But he's one of our great satirists of all time.
  Get out of here.
  This guy's, he's Frank Sinatra and Oscar Wilde all in one.
  Did anyone say that?  That's what it was.
  This is a verbatim conversation on the way home  from an arena in 1993.
  Oscar Wilde definitely referenced on that website  in regards to inspiration as well.
  Oh, certainly.
  So yeah, it had to have happened, I think.
  So yeah, so anyway, he's been around  and they're flirting with the idea  of doing more Zootv.
  But in case I've missed anything, let me know.
  But the most exciting thing to me is his connection  to Batman forever, which includes the fact  or the idea that he may have been a villain in the movie.
  Oh yeah.
  So let's unpack.
  We've talked about this a tiny bit,  but have you discovered the reality of this at all?  Do we have any from the source, Schumacher pre-death?  Do we know what are the possible,  what was Mr.
 McPhisto gonna be doing in Batman forever?  I don't think we know that.
  I also suspect that was a casual conversation.
  Yeah.
  I don't think there's a draft of Batman forever  where McPhisto is a villain.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is like, there's a thing on the commentary  for Back to the Future 3 where ZZ Top were convinced  that their car from all their music videos  was gonna be the time machine in Back to the Future 3.
  Like somebody, like a manager was just like,  did not understand what was being talked about  and like, yeah, hey, they told me the ZZ Top car  is gonna be the time machine in this one.
  Which it is fun to imagine like, yeah, screw it.
  I know we've set up a lot of stuff  and we're committed to the mythology of the DeLorean,  but yeah, new car, ZZ Top car.
  It's a ZZ Top car now.
  I feel like when they would go and sort of sweet talk artists,  cause this is the era of the big artist  doing a big song for a big movie.
  I feel like there would always be something  like Coolio is in Batman and Robin briefly.
  I'm trying to think.
  Batman and Robin also has the Smashing Pumpkin song.
  The beginning is the, I forget exactly the long name of it.
  It's a good song.
  And Billy Corgan's talked about how they were sort of  sweet talked into saying like,  it's gonna be the first song in the credits.
  And he was like, oh, that's awesome.
  I'm gonna be in a Batman movie.
  And he went to see it at the premiere  and he was like, this is a terrible movie.
  And then the song starts playing  and I think it's like 45 seconds into it,  it cuts out and another song starts.
  And he was like, what the hell?  So I feel like there's some sort of like  negotiating, sweet talking.
  Oh, wouldn't it be fun if this happened?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And what can we technically say that is technically true?  And Bono Pro is like,  wouldn't it be good if I was in the movie?  Oh, it would be wonderful.
  That would be so, let's think about that, huh?  Let's, oh, you know what?  There's two villains already.
  It's a little crowded.
  So the song you're doing we want.
  But oh, what about, he could be in the music video.
  You know, wouldn't that be good?  Oh, and then we could put Batman in it.
  Oh, and that'll be more time for the character.
  And you'd be like, okay, that sounds good.
  Really let McPhisto shine.
  Yeah, so that is what happened  is that he, Mr.
 McPhisto has basically an origin story  in this music video for the song that did for Batman Forever.
  I watched this today.
  I didn't know what I was looking at.
  You're telling me this was an origin story?  Yes, so the fly, so.
  It was not, I guess I wasn't attuned  to the ins and outs of it.
  Yeah, so it's like, it's an animated video.
  I don't remember this from the time.
  I also say that.
  I remember the Seal Kiss from a Rose video pretty well.
  That was the bigger hit from the movie.
  Oh, for sure.
  A video with, that is basically the same shot 70 times.
  Right on the rooftop.
  Okay, Seal, what if we tried this one  where your arms are wide out  and we swoop down to you and the bat signal?  Okay, now in this next take, your arms are gonna be out  and we're gonna swoop down to you and the bat signal.
  I remember it so well, because it was not many shots.
  It's like that Mr.
 Show sketch  where they keep reusing the same.
  Oh yeah, the one entrance happens seven times in a row.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So, yeah, so I remember that, but I don't remember this.
  So it's like a very, I don't know.
  It's like the animation's okay.
  It's kind of an interesting style, but it's very 90s.
  It's like Spawn.
  It does look like this, very good.
  It looks like the Spawn cartoon from the 90s.
  And then it's just clips from the movie.
  So it starts with McFisto and he's playing with you two  and they're on the Zoo TV Tour.
  The Zoo TV Tour makes an appearance in this.
  Despite it being long over by this point.
  Right.
  So at this point, it is pretty confusing.
  There's a disco ball on a crane.
  Which I don't, again, what is it saying?  What is the-  Did we say that Mr.
 McFisto's phone is disco ball studded?  I don't think we said that detail.
  Right, you're right.
  So the one he would use on stage is disco ball studded,  which is great.
  So that's a big part of the McFisto aesthetic.
  So yeah, you're going through and they're playing on like,  even though it's Zoo TV,  they're playing on a rooftop in Gotham City.
  With no audience?  With seemingly no audience.
  So in between clips from the movie,  now we get the origin story.
  Bono's character, the Fly,  which now apparently is like a real fly.
  Oh, who's that?  He's climbing down a sign in Gotham on his hands and feet,  like Spider-Man, essentially.
  So he's doing that.
  And then he gets, as we go along,  he gets hit by the Batmobile, I believe.
  And I guess I should have done time code for you  because the music video is a little disorienting.
  But he gets hit by the Batmobile  and it creates Mr.
 McFisto.
  How?  Well-  Well, the Fly dies and goes to hell, I guess.
  And comes back as a little devil.
  Yeah, he died.
  Explain the science.
  I was trying, I remember watching this.
  I think like a couple of years ago,  I sat down and really watched Batman Forever  from beginning to end.
  And I looked at the music video for the song.
  The criterion, by the way.
  The criterion.
  Of both.
  The music video of Hold Me, Throw Me, Kiss Me, Kill Me,  it's part of that director series.
  They put out the music video of like Michelle Gondry.
  Actually, though, what I was curious who directed it.
  The director is a guy, Kevin Godley,  who was in 10CC.
  He's one of the members of 10CC, who I love.
  And the spin-off group, Godley and Cream,  who I had no idea-  It's him.
  Yeah, yes.
  He directed this music video.
  So it kind of is.
  I actually was thinking like it sort of works  as one of these.
  And I didn't know Godley and Cream directing duo,  major music videos, Herbie Hancock's Rocket,  Girls on Film, Duran Duran.
  Everybody Have Fun Tonight, Wang Chung,  with the strobe effect.
  They actually, I was watching music videos by these guys  for a bunch of the afternoon.
  And this is a very good collective.
  The real deal.
  So you say that, but-  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And this video seems cool.
  The video's fun.
  I mean, this is like the tail end of music videos  having real budget.
  This is a few minutes of actual animation.
  Well, they have budgets now, but they also have to,  you just have to stare at nice headphones  for 10 full seconds.
  Oh, sure.
  Or a cell phone.
  The only way you can get a giant music video  is a bit like really blatant product placement.
  Yeah.
  So what also was interesting about this  is that the scene of you two playing on top of the building  is happening concurrently with the start of the movie,  with the safe.
  So if you remember Batman Forever,  the start of it is like two faces going into a rob,  a big vault at the top of a building.
  And he locks Batman in a security guard  in this like circular vault thing.
  And then he hauls it out essentially of the building  like it's flying through Gotham with it.
  It's happening.
  They've animated it and it's happening  while you two is playing.
  So right here, you can see the vault going up in the air  while this is happening, it's cutting to it.
  So when you're watching Batman Forever,  just know off screen, you two is playing.
  You two is playing.
  But not ono.
  Roll right.
  McPhisto.
  McPhisto's there.
  Yes.
  But Larry Mullen is mere feet away from the shot.
  Larry Mullen Jr.
 is there.
  Star of the train movie with Donald Sutherland  that I have yet to watch.
  What?  He stars in a movie with Donald Sutherland about a train  that he completely financed himself.
  He financed a movie that he wanted to be the star of too?  That's right.
  That's kind of cute.
  Also like Paul T.
 Goldman.
  Very, yeah.
  I guess he didn't finance it.
  So the bat symbol at a certain point  turns into the McPhisto symbol.
  And then McPhisto sort of roars to life here.
  This is a good, on YouTube,  there is now a good copy of this music video  because I remember finding it a couple years ago  and having to watch like a clipped weird aspect ratio  version on daily motion or something  because it wasn't like up in full quality.
  So the fly like comes back here  and then he fights McPhisto  and then you two are shooting fire out of their guitars  at this point.
  And then there's a McPhisto mobile that happened here  and it is a gross, I would say it's a gross car.
  It is a car with fingers.
  Oh.
  Did you see this?  Whoa.
  It is a gross like car with like kind of a mouth with teeth  and it has like by the headlights has fingers  and then has like sort of ear kind of bat mobile style ears  and it's very, it's yellow.
  So McPhisto has his own bat mobile  that is now Canon in the bat universe.
  And it fly, by the way, it flies as well.
  So the Mac mobile.
  It's a Mac mobile, yes.
  And then here's the, this is all by the way  a little bit out of order  because this is when the fly gets hit.
  This is the pivotal moment.
  Oh, I guess he actually, excuse me,  he gets hit by a different car.
  I watch a different version.
  Elvis kills him.
  Elvis kills the fly, excuse me.
  So that's, so it's sort of out of order  and then McPhisto and his cronies in you two  like end up like kind of fighting Batman  but we just basically see the end of Batman forever.
  And then a bunch of Batman playing in a symphony orchestra  while Mr.
 McPhisto, I assume like dances with Chase Meridian  who's got a gag on like.
  This is very good.
  And then a full all violin players are Batman.
  And this is good.
  At the end, McPhisto keeps,  he takes off an outfit and he's Batman.
  And then Batman takes off the outfit and he's McPhisto  and it keeps going back and forth for a little bit.
  And then bats show up and he ends up as McPhisto  on the top of the building again.
  And then there's just sort of a drawing  of like it's a comic book page.
  What does this mean?  Is Batman Bono's character, Mr.
 McPhisto or is he Batman?  That's my theory is that these were like,  these were things to make Bono feel good.
  No, you're part of it.
  Instead of being the villain.
  It's good.
  In the movie.
  Yes.
  This is the thing of the franchise.
  Yes, Prince, we'll put your music all over the movie.
  It won't be a very disconnected soundtrack album  that just has the bat symbol.
  No, no, no, you will be a vibrant presence in this film.
  Yeah.
  Okay, now just don't tell him.
  And then like, you'll get to be,  you could dress up in the video.
  You can be in the video.
  We want you to handle the video.
  That's what you know how to do.
  Uh-huh.
  There's nobody better than you, Prince.
  So that adds a lot to the mythology of Batman Forever.
  And believe me, it factors into my Batman Forever too.
  Oh, is this a little preview?  So you're gonna keep everything in the mythology around.
  Right, cause McPhisto is in the universe.
  Yeah, you're right.
  So I've leaked on a little bit of my ideas for it,  but I will say here and now,  Mr.
 McPhisto is in Batman Forever, my Batman Forever too.
  And he is villainous.
  Now, how do you feel about,  DC has done a run of comics where it's like,  comics series takes place right after Batman 89,  right after Batman 66.
  Like same continuity playing around in that.
  Would you accept that?  If they allow me to write a comic that is Batman?  A comic continuation of Batman.
  I will say no deal.
  Oh wow, you're playing hardball.
  I will say movie or nothing.
  Okay, fair enough.
  $200 million budget or nothing.
  Fair enough.
 200 plus.
  It has to be the fourth or fifth highest grossing movie  to turn a profit.
  That's the only terms I will agree to.
  The B way of water.
  I don't wanna get too many spoilers out of you,  but does this film also have a guy named Carl Michelson  who is Batman's super cool next best friend  who has great taste in rock and roll music  and who maybe ends up in a little bit of a relationship  with Dr.
 Chase Meridian?  The name might not be that name, but you're warm.
  It might be in the spirit of,  let's say Dr.
 Carl Michelson.
  Dr.
 Carl Michelson.
  That gets Dr.
 Carl a little bit closer to Chase Meridian,  might be a coworker.
  He's an associate of Dr.
 Chase Meridian  who happens to play a little rock and roll guitar  on the side.
  And does he play rock and roll guitar with Batman and Robin  and Mr.
 McPhisto at certain points in the movie?  Yes.
  Yes, he does.
  Oh my God, you're amazing.
  Prince would come to your birthday party any day.
  I know him.
  I'm his therapist.
  Let me know when your birthday is.
  I'll make sure he's there.
  That might or may not be a scene.
  Now can I suck your fucking dick?  There may or may not be a scene where this character  that might be related to me gets his dick sucked  by Mr.
 McPhisto.
  By the devil?  By the devil.
  By the devil as Agent Rockstar?  By the farm cheeky devil.
  That may or may not.
  Hey, look, look, I don't like the guy.
  I don't approve of his views,  but given the immense power of the devil,  can we not agree that he'd probably be able  to give the best blow job in the world?  Oh my God, how did he make things happen  over all these years?  He seduced, the devil seduces you.
  How did he grease the palms  of all the most powerful people on earth?  It has to be.
  Sex is evil, we know that.
  That's basically the mission statement in this podcast.
  No, it's not.
  Why only the devil could dream of something so disgusting?  When you make that big pitch with either a deck,  a slight shoot deck.
  To James.
  Or boards, yeah, are you going to include  the detail of you getting topped from rock and roll devil?  Not him.
  Dr.
 Michael Carl, Carl Michael.
  Yeah, he's already.
  Excuse me, excuse me.
  Jason, when I'm pitching to the twisted mind of James Gunn,  I'm leading with that, brother.
  Are you kidding me?  He's kidding, that's music to his ears.
  That's rock and roll music to his ears.
  You saw the trailers for Suicide Squad.
  I don't know if you know, James Gunn actually uses  rock and roll music in his movies.
  Even though they're like hero action movies.
  I've heard some rumblings about that.
  He knows Zuroppa, he listen to Zuroppa.
  You're gonna bring, you bring like a devil head,  like a Halloween mask to the pitch  and you hide your speaker that you're using right now  in there and it's just like,  and you just enact that in the pitch for 10 minutes.
  Oh sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And then you stop and say,  now that is one third of the amount of the blow job seen.
  Just in, I just know you have other meetings  to get through.
  And then standing, yeah, applause.
  James stands up and he applauds me.
  You're the kind of freak that I need.
  Stands up reveals that he's rock hard.
  I was very entertained and now I'm in, I'm very aroused.
  I'll have to excuse myself  to the DC executives restroom.
  Finally getting some of that nine songs,  some of that short bus energy of like graphic scenes  into the DC universe.
  Yeah, well that's what it was missing.
  It's where he's gotta take it.
  Yeah, he's gotta shake it up.
  He's gotta be bold.
  Troma, twisted trauma stuff in the DC universe.
  Yeah, well this is where Batman Forever 2  featuring Mr.
 McPhisto is gonna be perfect.
  Anything we didn't get to in the McPhisto verse.
  There's a lot, but we have to be done.
  Yeah, yes, you do have more.
  Yeah, but no, I mean we get the highlights.
  Do you have anything?  No, we get the highlights.
  I actually have a quick hit that he,  the last thing in like McPhisto quotes on that website  is that he did a little,  you may recognize the song when I start singing.
  He did a like then current song,  guess who's back, back again.
  McPhisto's back, tell a friend.
  Another, that's an alter ego situation.
  Well, I was gonna say actually,  you know what the last thing I have is that  Mr.
 McPhisto did make a like best top 10 alter ego list  in Time Magazine.
  Oh yes.
  Did you find that?  I did, I did.
  Well, and I, well anything you wanna say,  just don't mention number one  because I might have a little,  anybody else you wanna shout out though?  Colbert's on the list,  Andy Kaufman, Tony Clifton are on the list,  Sergeant Pepper on the list,  all the people we mentioned.
  Yeah.
  Slim Shady, yes.
  Hannah Montana, Miley Cyrus of course.
  Oh sure, oh sure.
  Oh yeah, if there's anyone you liked on this list.
  Well, there is and I think now that we've opened up  the floodgates that rock star alter egos  count as theme parks and they do.
  I would just, I would like the next one in this series  to introduce himself, question mark?  Please, yeah.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Chris Gaines.
  Ooh, what a tease.
  Wow.
  Chris Gaines you say,  the alter ego of Gothbrooks.
  Well, so that one may be to cut,  when you next meet our heroes,  they may be doing battle against a different villain  named Chris Gaines.
  I'm excited about that.
  But for now you survived podcast The Ride.
  I don't know, do you feel good, Mike,  or do you feel stressed?  Like you didn't get enough out?  I do feel stressed a little bit, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  A lot of information.
  Well, if you ever want to pepper in other episodes,  if you can find times to get out anything else  fascinating and Mephisto-ish.
  Sure, I mean he'll be back, yeah.
  He'll be back when we least suspect, I bet.
  Oh, I'll be back whenever the boys  are thinking sinful thoughts.
  All right.
  Yeah, look, I don't know,  he was on the Scott Aukerman podcast,  Bono that is, of course.
  So maybe Mephisto, you know,  he would do the pay walled version of podcast The Ride.
  I don't know.
  Entirely in character,  ideally in costume.
  Yeah, of course, yes, he's not gonna do the voice.
  I would throw up.
 I think it'd be impossible.
  Like he needs to feel the wetness of the face paint.
  Yeah.
  Of the thin, like, smattering of face paint  that he puts on.
  Yeah, yeah, so yes.
  Those are the demands we have.
  Okay.
  All right, Bono, if you want to appear  on this theme park podcast Patreon,  here are our terms.
  And you, the listeners, if you wanna keep subscribing,  then do, and if you wanna dig even deeper,  join us on our new Patreon tier, Club 3,  where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free.
  But do not share the code.
  Or no, he would be like,  share it with your friends.
  Yes.
  Oh, I love when Patreon,  pay walled podcasts are given away for free.
  Yeah, give the left ear to one of your friends  and you take the right.
  Listen at the same time, but only pay once.
  Don't put it on a speaker  and play it for 10 people at once.
  Even I have my limits.
  Right.
