 Club Three.
  All right, let's take a little Club Three victory lap.
  Jason, congrats, here we are.
  The dream has come true.
  How do you feel?  I feel great.
  You know, when I checked the poll, it was still active.
  And then like one day, a few days ago,  you're like, all right, we'll do Club Three on Sunday.
  And I was like, oh yeah, it ended, great.
  Uh-huh, and it ended just where you wanted it.
  Votes for Jason, votes for the heart of PTR,  a definite thing that was organically said by the audience.
  Organically said, not a thing I took from Mike.
  Not a crowd I took from Mike.
  I definitely called it before.
  I checked on the post where that would have been said,  where you had imagined it had been said,  and I looked for the word heart in the comments.
  I did a find in the comments.
  No, it wasn't said.
  Oh, you knew, okay, okay.
  Oh yeah, it was just the spirit, it's just the vibe.
  I was just feeling so energized, so excited.
  What was Scott about to reveal that it was in the post?  And then I, well, I did the search  and I found the word heart three times,  always preceded by the word kingdom.
  It was always in the context.
  More kingdom hearts, they said.
  No, somebody said kingdom hearts too with susser, what?  Why?  Does he like that?  He shouldn't.
  Yeah, well that's interesting.
  I don't know why we gotta ask him about that.
  We have so many people who are like,  very high level video game enthusiasts.
  And while I know susser is a little more active  in that sphere than I am in terms of keeping up  with gaming systems, he is not the first one  I would think of.
  Look, I made a lot of WW2K with him.
  I've played GTA with him.
  I've played some other things, fall guys,  I think I've played with him.
  You haven't played any of these  in front of an audience on Twitch.
  Well, we did play, what did we play?  We played a little GTA on Twitch once.
  I watched that, yeah, yeah.
  We were like, why aren't there  thousands of people watching us?  There's five people in here.
  It's hard.
  Give up.
  It's hard.
  You really have to commit to it.
  The Switch, the Switch, we're playing Switch on Twitch.
  Well, we're here to talk about Port of Entry.
  Really fast not to dwell on it,  the runner up that moves into next month  is Disney Adventures Magazine.
  Fun choice.
  Another thing I love as a kid.
  Do we all subscribe?  Yeah.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  We won't give away the episode  in case we'll be doing it,  but if you didn't know this,  in the late 80s, early 90s,  Disney had this magazine that was like  Reader's Digest sized.
  It was the little, or TV Guide sized maybe,  the little magazine at the grocery checkout,  and I subscribed, and I think if we do that episode,  it will be almost, I think it'll be like 80%  about the covers of Disney Adventures.
  Oh my God, iconic covers.
  Incredible photos.
  Usually great pair ups of Disney character  and pop culture icon of the time.
  I was trying to remember specific ones.
  I found the hammer hanging out with Darkwing Duck.
  That's the best one, yeah.
  They'd get along great.
  They'd be such good friends.
  I think Darkwing Duck also is in the crew  of Star Trek Next Generation.
  My second favorite one, yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I looked up one, I found one that is glued in my mind,  and I don't want to reveal the pairing  because it's really good.
  I'll save it for the episode.
  Okay, well it is.
  If it gets loaded.
  It is, if we do it, but if we don't do it  or you want to hear something else,  comments below in this episode on the Patreon  and we'll do the poll for March.
  But for now, we go into the topic suggested  by Seth Finkelstein, the Seth Finkelstein I've met?  BugCon attendees, Seth Finkelstein?  If so, hello.
  If I haven't met this Seth, then hello for the first time  through a one-way medium.
  But Seth Finkelstein suggested a deep dive  into port of entry, the main street USA  of Islands of Adventure.
  Yes, this is a land, I mean it's a park I really like.
  Oh, is it?  It's a park I really like.
  I'm not sure if you've gotten into that before.
  This is sincerely, I do like this land a lot.
  And I think it's pretty successful  in what it's trying to do.
  I think it is in a park where it's often,  like the early credit was often given  to Marvel's Super Hero Island,  it's Su's landing of being so successful.
  So like living up to the things that they're about.
  I think this land actually accomplishes its like backstory,  its idea behind it as well as it can in a park  where the narrative for years was like,  oh, getting this open was such a headache.
  The licensing kept falling through,  we kept losing partners.
  They picked up a lot of people who were laid off  from Animal Kingdom, so that was kind of an injection,  but like they were running out of money constantly  or resources constantly.
  Wow, okay, the struggle was real for Islands of Adventure.
  So much fondness from Jason.
  Mike, before we started researching,  thoughts and feelings about port of entry  at Islands of Adventure.
  I love Islands of Adventure.
  I could care less about the port of entry.
  I don't think about it.
  I have never stopped and done anything in it.
  I've never walked right past.
  You haven't ripped the full soundtrack  of Islands of Adventure.
  You don't get enthused when the song  Adventure Continues starts welling up.
  The main entrance.
  I didn't say I didn't like, I don't think I said that,  but I've never thought about it for two seconds.
  I thought, okay, do you want to put in the microphone  at least so I can really feel inspired here?  This is very William John Williams-esque  sort of like soaring march along.
  I like this piece of music.
  When Jason hears this, he feels what some people feel  when they hear the national anthem.
  That's right.
 That's true.
  Certainly it's more pride.
  It's more fun for sure.
  That's his actual home country.
  He's a citizen of the IOV.
  I pledge allegiance to the IOV.
  But reading battle was fun too  because I found out things like I had,  do you know their original characters?  I do.
  I have some clips in fact.
  Well, how do you want to tackle this in general?  I don't know.
  I wasn't sure.
  Honestly, I try to kind of get a good overview of this.
  I wasn't sure how much this was.
  We're all talking about it versus Mike explaining  Mr.
 McPhisto where I just kind of got  the base level McPhisto.
  I, by the way, think I did a bad job on that episode.
  I listened back to it and I was like, oh no.
  I feel like I didn't do a good job here.
  I'll give this peek behind the curtain  when we finished recording, we stopped recording,  we're packing up.
  You went there so much more.
  You said that in the episode.
  There was more, but that's not even, I just feel like I did.
  I didn't do McPhisto justice.
  That's all.
  So we have to do it again?  Maybe we have to do it again.
  Take two as if there wasn't a previous one.
  Yeah, it won't be this month though, don't worry.
  People could vote for it.
  If you want to vote for we're back to McPhisto immediately.
  Sooner rather than later, before Space Mountain.
  Back to McPhisto.
  Back to McPhisto.
  The return.
  If it could be, if it could be Kit Phisto  and McPhisto episode, maybe that could at least give you  a little more of a different flavor.
  Sure.
  But that's up to the listener.
  That's your birthday.
  That's your birthday call.
  That's my birthday call.
  That's your shot.
  Yeah.
  So March Club Three, yeah.
  Well, as for this, so Islands of Adventure,  it is very like disparate themes in the five lands  that you go to.
  So to establish what is this park  is a pretty particular challenge  because how do you sum up Jurassic Park  and very specifically 90s Marvel  and then some made up stuff and now Harry Potter, but later.
  It's a lot to summarize.
  And so where they land and really Port of Entry  is also the vibe of the park in general,  because the like de facto, the weenie,  the castle essentially is here.
  The logo sort of stems from the vibe of this.
  Like that all has to act as a piece.
  And I guess where they land, how do we describe this vibe?  It's this like, it is this adventure port.
  It's the kind of city where you launch from  and go and do incredible adventures,  both real and mythical.
  Where Sinbad would launch from.
  The ancient world, the ancient world.
  Because the lighthouse,  which I don't consider a lighthouse in Port of Entry,  Port of Entry is a land after the turnstiles, okay.
  Are you now, does this mean that the,  are you saying the lighthouse has to be a different episode?  Is that what you're gunning for?  I have two shots that I would like  there to be their own episode.
  It's the lighthouse and the defunct island skipper tours.
  This is, you've got a lot of requests here for this part.
  Those are my only two, those are my only two.
  Thin islands of it.
  How does the lighthouse need more than?  I think it's funny.
  It's like, well, then you do a companion episode  on the globe.
  We've never done an episode on the big globe.
  Oh, we need to do an episode on the globe for sure.
  Yeah, so.
  Well, he just said companion.
  Wait, no, companion means they're separate?  Yes, the companion means they're separate.
  But I'll compromise, I'll compromise.
  All globes can be in one episode.
  Cause globes have changed over the years  and there's globes on both coasts.
  Okay, we don't have to do separate.
  Globes.
  What you're saying is you are not prepared to talk about,  you've refused the call on the lighthouse.
  Oh, I mean, I know it's.
  In an episode about a land that is entirely restaurants,  you refuse to talk about.
  There's shops.
  There's a Cinalon.
  There's shops.
  There's shops.
  There's shops.
  There's a big, there's a shockingly big caricature station.
  Well, there's 20 minutes right there.
  There's 20 minutes right there.
  No room for the lighthouse.
  Well, I mean, look, we can say just to establish,  it's called the Ferris Lighthouse  and it's based on the lighthouse of Alexandria.
  One of the seven wonders of the ancient world  burned down in third or fourth century.
  Okay.
  Can we have like the lighthouse keeper  on that episode at least to keep it fresh  and the vibe.
  I'd love to have a lighthouse keeper on that.
  All right, well, there we go.
  Sure.
  I think it's just, these are more episodes where like,  I'm free and everyone else is busy.
  So I'm like, I'm saying I'll take some of the load for like,  after the Dr.
 Doom episode and we didn't know that,  you know, you guys weren't 100% sure  about all the backstory in the queue  and the original animation, like the Tom Kenny voice  and that kind of thing.
  There's a bunch of weird islands of adventure stuff,  like cut off, like Cartoon Circus recently got online,  like a full version.
  This was the show that played in the giant  Toon Lagoon theater for a short amount of time  before being replaced with BMX tricks,  which is also very funny  because that ran on and off for a while.
  But island skipper tour has only lasted two years.
  And then there is the much maligned  Sylvester McMonkey McBeans,  very unusual driving machines in Seuss Landing,  the Monorail People Mover thing above that never opened  but would have empty cars running on it.
  And then they flipped it to be a new ride  called the High in the Sky Seuss Trolley Train Ride,  which is the current ride.
  That I've done, worst queue I've ever been in my life.
  Just a spiral up and over.
  That is the boringest, slowest.
  We did that.
  Awful.
  Pretty bad, but you know,  when you spend a lot of time in the preview center  and you were an annoying 13 year old going,  is Sylvester McMonkey McBeans  a very unusual driving machine open?  How do we get up there?  I saw the thing running on it.
  And they're like, no, it's not.
  Don't, it's not.
  Have we really established,  like what, because it is so deep seated with you,  with this park.
  Is it just a matter of like-  That's what I wanna get into here real quick.
  Yeah, I think that's,  since being that we can't talk about the lighthouse,  we'll use the time to talk.
  What is it?  Is it just like, was it just a time for you?  Was it like a coming of age?  Yeah, what's going on in your life?  Was it your family?  What's going on in your life?  I have answers for both of these.
  Thank you.
  A lot of this stuff, it like hit at like 12, 13, like 14.
  And it just was like,  when I was just very into this stuff  and my family was going a lot.
  Yeah.
  So we didn't go for a few years.
  And then when we did go back,  we were usually staying at Universal  cause they were like, please come to our resort  that we fucked up with a weird name about escaping.
  So are you implying cheap rates  that somehow you knew about  and were excited about when you were 14?  Well, I didn't know about it until after it was all booked,  but also staying at, we always stayed at the Hard Rock.
  So then you just flash your room key at rides  and go right to the front.
  And it worked.
  Is it like that this was, it was you coming into your own?  It's a park, it feels like your park because it's new.
  You're not hearing about a previous generation's memories.
  There's probably a certain amount about that.
  These are probably a lot of parks  that I went off on my own.
  Like, oh, we're going to the back to the hotel.
  If you want to do more rides, go ahead.
  Cause I'm like 15 or so.
  Yes, I do.
  Yes, I absolutely do.
  Dad, I feel I completely agree,  especially on the Marvel thing.
  Cause when you were a kid in the nineties,  there were only a couple of kids in school  who knew Marvel comics.
  Oh yeah.
  Really well.
  It was not, look kids, it was not like it is today.
  I, and I never dropped off to,  you had some normal years where you got away from it a little.
  Not so much.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, I wasn't hardcore collecting necessarily,  but then in college I would like,  there's a comic store over here I should go.
  Oh yeah.
  But I was every Wednesday, like until,  until I guess in college I was going like,  Jason's trying to prove he's a bigger fan than I am.
  And I don't like it.
  Oh no, I'm not at all saying it.
  I'm saying I have more brain rot than you do.
  I don't know about that.
  I think we both rotted our brains, brains plenty.
  Guys, we can't do little nerd face-offs.
  Oh, actually I've been wanting to ask,  how are the CVS deals going between you guys?  Okay, Scott, here's the deal.
  Here's actually the update.
  Here's the deal, I am winning  and I am the best at the deals.
  Well, I've got other things I'm working on  as far as the CVS to try to figure out some good deals.
  I try here, let me tell you this,  this is an exclusive because I did not have time  to make a video of this  because the Zankou chicken was ready  and I needed to run and go get it  and bring it back to the family.
  But I tried to buy wine with the coupon.
  Oh no, it's in the fine print, no alcohol.
  No, it's in the fine print, no alcohol.
  This is like you can't use discounts  in the theme parks on alcohol.
  $2.
50 bottle of wine from CVS.
  You could not take Sutter home two euro.
  Wait a minute, Mike, separate issue.
  Why are you buying his oral wine?  It was $5 discounted.
  Even I go up, even I go to $10 wine.
  It was for the bits, it was for the bits.
  Oh, I see, okay.
  So, but no, I'm working on it.
  There'll be more videos to come.
  You've got a fine bottle of Digits at home,  which we've established.
  That's true.
  Bring your Digits first.
  But no, all that to say that when I went,  whenever I was, whenever it opened,  we went the first year,  the Marvel land specifically was like  it had been built for me,  because it was comic specific.
  Yeah.
  And the Spider-Man ride and everything.
  Like that felt like, oh my God,  like when am I gonna get something that is tailored to me?  And that's more so even than any Marvel thing they'll do now.
  And again, I like the movies fine and every,  I like the movies, but back then when it was like,  these comics that only like me and three people  in my class of 700 in my high school,  like that felt crazy, yeah.
  Yeah, and also an even smaller contingent,  meaning me, I love the Sun,  I read the Sunday Funnies every week.
  Well, I like that too,  but at that point it wasn't as relevant  and I hadn't gotten like retro poisoned  like I have now, whatever you would call it.
  I wasn't, I knew-  I knew a little about the King Features syndicate.
  Yeah, we know, we read, we knew Baby Blues,  we read all the stuff.
  Sure, Foxtrot, the teen in Foxtrot was named Jason,  I felt a lot of affinity with him.
  So I hear what you're saying there.
  By the way, it is funny that like,  here is this land where you embark,  you embark from this place into world's unknown.
  Dun dun, ba ba ba ba ba, and then you go see-  Betty Boop.
  Kathy, a big sliding down ice cream,  a big Dagwood sandwich.
  A giant mural of gasoline alley,  which I don't think other than the bookstore market  for fanagraphic, I don't think anyone  besides the reprinners of gasoline alley  has thought about gasoline alley much.
  Even Seuss, like Seuss and Tomb Lagoon both,  the premise of the whole place is like,  great adventure awaits.
  And most of Tomb Lagoon is like,  your wife's mad at you again.
  You didn't take the trash out last night  and your old lady's upset.
  That's not as epic as the sort of tone would suggest  when you go in with that piece of music you play.
  There's an adventure, follow Billy's dotted line  from the family circus.
  The adventure is like Marmaduke got off his leash.
  Yeah.
  It is a little, look, it's a little corny,  but also the practical reality of Tomb Lagoon  is they're like, we're going to hit you  with a power washer's worth of water  because it's so hot.
  So that is some adventure.
  And Seuss, all the places,  I mean, I guess there's some Seuss  that's a little more adventury,  but Cat in the Hat is just like stress,  kids stress the ride.
  It's not like some great adventure you're going on.
  It's not, it doesn't fit the tone.
  I mean, I liked Cat in the Hat growing up.
  I'm not saying I didn't like the Cat in the Hat,  I'm just saying tone wise, as far as like,  ah, welcome to the adventure.
  And the adventure is just like,  oh, mom and dad are gonna kill me.
  Like that's not the adventure.
  Jurassic Park is the adventure  and Marvel kind of is the adventure.
  Cat in the Hat must have hit you really particularly  that it is, it's a very popular kids book  about how mom will be mad at you if you deviate.
  Are you a man?  This is, I mean, the kid, like, whatever,  like the house floods and there's thing one  and thing two and creature,  like that you had that amount of stress,  you know, because you made a blanket for the Ghostbusters.
  Yeah.
  This fucking cat is gonna get in here  and I'm gonna get in trouble  for all this shit this cat is doing.
  I mean, I do think as a very little kid,  like, oh, the places you'll go Cat in the Hat,  like these were fun adventures you would get to go on.
  You know what I'm saying?  Tonally, I would say Epic Universe,  maybe other than the monsters feels like,  okay, all those things are like,  adventure awaits in Mario,  adventure awaits in How to Train Your Dragon  and Harry Potter.
  It does all feel kind of like more like epic adventures  that you'll go on versus little Nemo,  well, maybe little Nemo in Slumberland is an adventure.
  Maybe I just contradicted myself.
  I think, yeah, little Nemo I think is actually,  that one we should have gotten a whole ride on  because it would have been crazy.
  But like Beetle Bailey overslept and Sarge is mad at him.
  That's the adventure that awaits in Toon Lagoon.
  Well, if you were in the barracks with Beetle like I was,  that's a real adventure with Sarge is mad.
  Sure, sure.
  No, I get it.
  I think part of that might be they have a little easier time  when they, to live up to the premise  where they're owned by communications conglomerate  with unlimited money than like a liquor dynasty  who's offloading them to a French film company.
  Yeah, it's a good name.
  I understand it.
  And there was obviously like,  we've talked a little bit about the different options they had  or the different ideas they had for lands.
  Yeah.
  So I get it.
  It's just funny.
  It looks really good if you were to call it Cartoon World.
  It's like, oh yeah, that's what this is.
  Yeah, sure.
  We didn't have enough cartoons at the end of the day.
  No.
  They did some like, there's, you know,  generic mythical world, which this really,  it's almost like if that fed right into,  if those were next to each other.
  That makes so much thematic sense.
  But I, but I don't know.
  I mean, I like that land and I do like this.
  I like Port of Entry.
  Yeah, I do too.
  Yeah, I think that land and this land are very copacetic  and kind of the top level for 1999 with fluctuating,  in terms of attention to detail,  this is as good as it got in 1999 with insane budgets.
  Sure.
  Well, look at what made Disney starting to get cruddy around then.
  Yes.
  So to like, that, you know,  and some of the islands of adventure is IP,  but that you are getting some,  here is like completely original worlds  that you haven't seen before and an original vibe  and this like mashup of whatever ancient world,  Egypt, Africa, Asia,  Egypt, Africa, yeah, Middle East and Africa.
  That's all combining.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  This was like a huge dose of originality  put together very well.
  Yeah, and I think, you know,  like Main Streets at Orlando parks,  you had Main Street USA,  you had like the main drag at MGM Studios  and Epcot was always kind of like, you know,  little buildings, brutalist metal and stone buildings.
  It's not a proper, you have your kind of your entrance area  with the fountain, but that's not quite the format of,  you know, not all theme parks have a Main Street.
  Yeah, and that Epcot thing has changed so much.
  Like it's still changing.
  They've messed with what exactly you see  in front of Spaceship Earth a couple of times at this point.
  Yeah, I mean, this is a lot more exciting in 1999,  this area than the giant stone slabs  with poorly printed digital photographs on it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So I think at the time it was also just exciting to,  one, have a brand new park,  two, it was exciting to see like another place  taking Disney's ball and running with it  in terms of big attractions, big theming, you know,  something different because like Animal Kingdom was cool.
  We liked Animal Kingdom, but like,  it was kind of a heat trap those first few years  when all the trees were really tiny.
  It still is a heat trap.
  Yeah, it was a heat trap.
  It was hotish.
  The hottest thing we were there a couple of years ago.
  My family was definitely of the mind of like,  could use a couple more rides  and Islands of Adventure certainly has never been hurting  for rides.
  Yeah, that's true from the very beginning.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, and I,  what was my point here?  I don't know that it is like, okay,  Universal up until that point, the vibe,  but there had always been like well themed things  in Universal and in the other Universal Florida park,  but it also you get in and it's all sound stages.
  And there's a lot couched in that  and good theming within that.
  But this part of entry is the first thing that you see  in Universal's first stab at we are fully committed.
  You're in the world.
  It's not, you're going into stage 16 and oh,  something went wrong in there.
  And I've, they've proven so adept at that kind of thing  ever since.
  And it does sort of stem from this era in this part.
  Also, and I remembered this,  but I had to find the like reports that came out.
  In 2021, Island of Adventure is the most attended theme park,  the second most attended theme park in the world  after the Magic Kingdom.
  And the-  You had to look that up from the tattoo on your arm.
  Yeah.
  Well-  And then it says, that's that fact.
  And then it's, and then bitches at the end.
  I had to look it up because it's kind of a weighted ranking  because they were like, okay, we're here's the 2019,  2020 and 2021 numbers.
  Cause they're all over the place with closures and stuff.
  But 2021, sheerly on its own, Islands of Adventure,  like jumps ahead of all the other Disney parks in Orlando.
  Geez.
  And that's still the record of all the other,  you're saying that just that year of all time.
  No, I'm saying in it.
  So in 2021, Magic Kingdom at 12.
6 million visitors,  Islands of Adventure had 9 million visitors.
  Okay.
  He's so happy in the research for it.
  Looking up all these.
  I loved it.
  And then, and then 14.
2 million.
  Is there like a box office, Mojo,  whatever that site is called for theme park attendance  yearly?  There is like an annual report that looks like this,  that the TIA puts out.
  Okay.
 So we can have access to the TIA information  every year.
  This, this doc is public.
  Okay, good.
  Cause we don't have a good relationship with the TIA and-  So, but when you add them all up.
  They haven't voluntarily asked us to host their award show.
  We weren't a good fit to go to the awards too.
  Oh, I forgot that.
  We also could have just bought tickets.
  Yeah, for like thousand dollars.
  No, it was only a few hundred.
  For the, it's like the rock and roll hall of fame.
  For our own table.
  We could get it.
  You can buy your own table.
  We got a Kurt email saying we weren't a good fit  for the TIAs.
  You know, those emails, those PRP.
  You're saying they don't know the tone.
  Maybe they don't know the tone.
  They turn over all the time, you know.
  Well, we still, I mean, yes,  it would be nice if they asked us to host, but.
  All right, Jason's made it clear.
  He's going to finance a thousand dollar table  for us to get to these TIAs finally.
  And thank you.
  And we will be your guests as well our wives  and a bunch of other friends.
  Sure.
 Thank you, Jason.
  We should go down again this year when the TIAs happen.
  Oh, let's go around the-  I cannot disagree with you guys more.
  We gotta work tuxedos this time though.
  The time where you just floated around  wanting to be at a bar with anonymous,  unrecognizable deep feet parking.
  No, we were haunting a confection center.
  And then we went to the bar where we were clearly  not in a bathing suit or a tuxedo.
  We made a mistake that year.
  And the mistake was not wearing tuxedos.
  This year we will be wearing tuxedos  and we will try to sneak into the awards.
  That you need to rent, correct?  Well, prior tux says my measurements on file.
  I married a tuxedo a few years ago.
  And yeah.
  I have Joseph A.
 Bank has, do they have tuxes  or do they just have suits?  I forget.
  I think they'll supply you with both.
  Yeah.
  So maybe this year we'll go full suits, full tuxedos.
  And then we'll go there and try to sneak in.
  And you'll be like, you know, I,  oh my God, you'll never get it.
  I met Dan Johnson.
  Silence.
  Who's Dan Johnson?  I actually, I'm not even sure who Dan Johnson is.
  Oh, he's the head of operations at a Kentucky kingdom.
  Jason went up on stage with him to accept his award.
  Yeah.
  I'll take presenting an award.
  Cause you can get a few jokes and if they don't want full  hosts, I don't want to do that.
  See you all.
  Yeah.
  You shoot for the star and I shoot for attainable.
  The only thing, the Scott does really does not want to do  this, but I think the only thing that would entice him is  that if we put together a, like a, it's a wonderful night  for Oscar, Oscar, Oscar song that we would have to do  at the start.
  I think.
  Yeah.
  That's very tempting that we would do that.
  There is, I think there's no scenario where there's an open  playing field to write a Billy Crystal medley.
  Yeah.
  That would kill for any other crowd.
  I do that for a ISIS event.
  The top five attacks this year were, so they killed number two.
  Who's number two now.
  Who was number three?  Well, well, I guess we're all willing to host that too.
  So either way.
  Okay.
  Port of entry stuff here.
  Let me read this.
  This, this sums up the vibe pretty well that I don't know  where I pulled this from,  that it's recalling a literary seaside explorers  marketplace of global architectural elements,  real, ancient and imagined.
  So it's kind, it is sort of, you know,  it's based on things from our world, but it's also,  it's very, it's very mythological and it's very like a place  where, where time doesn't exist.
  Like I was looking up details on walls and there's, you know,  here's like some rental spot, right?  And then painted on the wall in very like old school fashion.
  It says flats to let, and then it lists the amounts of time  you could rent a flat for and it's day, week, month, year,  lustrum, decade, century, millennium.
  I don't know what, I've never heard lustrum before.
  Lustrum.
  But you see, it's so like not only you,  you could rent for a day, but also for a century,  because this is a place of gods and myths.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I like that.
  I never noticed it when I was there.
  There's a lot of photo, there's a lot of like a steampunky  kind of ritual, like photo ops that you can sit in,  sit on a tie, sit on a leopard.
  Do you think, why did I, why do I always just race through this  area when I get there?  Because you want to get to a ride.
  Yeah, you want to get to a ride.
  When I'm looking at pictures, I can appreciate it.
  And I like what you're telling me here.
  And I like, I guess maybe it's just,  there's not as much as Main Street where you're like forced to be  on Main Street longer.
  It does feel over quickly.
  It doesn't feel like a ton of physical space.
  Now I have the question for Jason.
  Has Jason stopped specifically to,  I'm going to take several hours to breathe in the port of entry?  Answers no.
  No, it isn't.
 It isn't.
  I appreciate it when I'm going down.
  When you're racing full speed faster than you ever raced before,  because you're in the Orlando sun, which is where you get your powers.
  Yeah.
  I like the day we were down there together,  I was like looking at my watch and I was like, OK,  they're all coming from Disney World.
  It's eight fifty.
  Do I have time to go in and do a quick Spider-Man or Doctor Doom?  The reality was I did have plenty of time because you both were a lot farther away.
  I took no, it was totally reasonable.
  I was staying at the wasn't reasonable.
  My bad.
  My fault.
  I like you turn in when you're at Islands of Adventure in Orlando,  you turn into one of those rising grind guys.
  You're like, yeah, I'm up at 430 a.
m.
  I'm doing my exercises and then I hit it.
  I hit it hard.
  Well, because this park closes so early.
  It used to be open late at night.
  There used to be nighttime entertainment.
  Now closes at like seven or eight.
  Turn into like the rock, though.
  I'm saying like I sleep three hours a night.
  Sure.
  And then I hit it hard in the middle of the day.
  I just and then meal wise, I smell the chicken breast.
  It's just the aroma like gives me a little bit of bread.
  There is there's airborne protein.
  That's actually all you need.
  I don't need anything else.
  Well, that might be part of the reason why,  because there is like a candy shop along this way.
  And there's like a default like entry to a theme park bakery.
  And those are never the strongest like food options.
  I like Confisco Grill a lot.
  I've been there once or twice.
  OK, yeah, this is let me let me say something else about my  my journey in discovering Port of Entry, because as I said,  I've never taken the time to do anything at Port of Entry.
  Preferring rides, if you can imagine.
  Although I realize I'm tied with Jason.
  Jason also has never just walked around.
  I take my time getting out.
  OK, I go through the islands of Adventure Trading Company,  which is what they call their big store.
  OK, sure.
  Separate a lot of names of stores are trading or market or sure.
  That sort of thing.
  Well, that's what so basically so we this wins as the as the topic.
  And in the not only does it win, but there's so many comments  hammering.
  I mean, it should be main feed.
  It really should be main feed.
  It's got to be main feed.
  Obviously, you know, it should have been main feed.
  But actually, I'm not going to vote for it because it is a protest vote.
  I'm not voting for it because it should be main feed.
  So I'm hearing all I've seen all that fair and I'm  and I'm like, well, what am I missing in this?  Because the enthusiasm is so hot.
  What have I not stopped to check out that is so enriching about Port of Entry?  And then I pull out an Islands of Adventure map and I look at the attraction,  the attractions list for what what you can do in Port of Entry.
  And I and my eyes go straight to this this five a through E.
  D and E are Starbucks and Cinnabon.
  Yeah, it's got to be made.
  So I mean, first of all, I mean, Cinnabon is going to take you 45 to talk about it.
  And also, you're not going to want to miss out on the ad revenue.
  Like when you when sponsors start, when HelloFresh hears that you're going  to talk about the Cinnabon at it's going to make people hungry.
  And then you're going to get there's never going to be more.
  HelloFresh sales than through your promo code that day.
  I wonder if it's because  the kind of have rules for this stuff.
  But then also we don't.
  There's been second gate ish for like main feeds.
  There's been, you know, it's not such a reason.
  It's just an art fest.
  We like to keep it interesting.
  We like to keep it.
  Those rules are there to drive ourselves insane.
  OK, but I wonder, just because it's in the main park  and it's something you walk through, I'm wondering why.
  It is the entryway to the second most attended park in the world.
  But there's nothing there.
  Yes, but you never got to know.
  You don't hang out here.
  You know, I just wonder out.
  It looks great at night.
  I really get it.
  You have to understand.
 I like it.
  I do too.
  There's just nothing.
  I just race right past it right now.
  But this is maybe there.
  I think they're telling all this to teach us the lesson.
  Yeah, maybe they're off.
  They're rushing through the gate.
  They don't realize it should be a main.
  It's a metaphor about life port of entry.
  Well, yeah, the adventure.
  Hey, the adventure begins like it says in the giant fake stone.
  And really, the adventure begins with slow down.
  Don't get to the adventure.
  The adventure doesn't quite begin.
  It doesn't quite begin.
  I am amazed that none of us have hung out at the backwater bar more.
  Well, when we're there next, I will spend more time in this area.
  I will.
 I mean, now, when I say more time,  anything longer than two minutes is more time.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Eight minutes and I'm like doubled or tripled my time.
  My average time where I spend in the port of entry listeners.
  I hope you're hearing this.
 This is Mike saying all that.
  I'm saying all those quotes were Mike Carlson, not Scott,  who you get mad at for opinions like this all the time.
  Oh, they I'll say save some of that anger for old Mike.
  Hey, bring it on.
  I think we can all agree on this funny detail.
  This giant painted mural that used to be outside the bar that says,  say Seagram's and be sure.
  And it's got a giant painting of a Seagram seven crown  blended whiskey, mostly notable for being the second ingredient  and a seven and seven.
  So in this mythical land, they have Seagram's.
  Well, when the park opened and still owned by Seagram's,  it's like a weird giant ad that sat around for ages.
  But it's still there.
  No, it's painted over.
  Now it's painted over.
  Pulls the seat up to the bar and  what's Seagram's please?  Do you have any well whiskey I could sup upon?  Look, I smuggled a Cinnabon in here.
  I must invite the gods.
  I must invite the liquor never ordered by anyone at any bar  you've ever been to anyone with.
  Probably one of the things I liked about Islands of Adventure  is there is shit like sea,  not Seagram's, but Cinnabon,  Onions, you know, there is bullshit.
  And I love the mall at 13.
  I love the little taste of the mall.
  I never went to any of these places.
  The violence of adventure.
 I'm going to fucking theme park.
  I'm not going to the mall place.
  Where did you get sick at City Walk? Hollywood?  It's the other pretzel one.
 Oh, Wetzel's.
  What you got? You felt ill.
  No, never had that problem with any ends.
  I also still don't know how I'm supposed to say any.
  I always said any ends.
  What do you wait? What do you think it's supposed to be?  I swear I've heard people say onyons.
  Onyons? No, I say any ends.
  You make both of them an on?  Well, that doesn't make any ends.
  An would never be said on.
  I don't know.
  You have a syllable out too in there, I feel like.
  There's a syllable missing when you're saying that, right?  Any, any, any ends.
  I think it's the same N.
  You're saying any ends.
  No, it's just the fill.
  You just mush all the words together into the indecipherable phrase.
  I think it's just anti-ends.
  Yeah.
 That's my guess.
  That's what I think.
  Onty-ums.
  So just to be.
.
.
  But hold on, sorry.
  No, no, no.
  Onty-ans is possible.
  Yeah, it's weird.
  Yeah, it is really weird.
  Yeah.
  Onty-ant.
  That doesn't.
.
.
  You have to think about it.
  You have to choose to do it.
  Yeah.
  Can you.
.
.
  Does somebody pronounce the name an like on?  I might be over-correcting because when I'm self-conceived about saying milk, you know?  Right.
  Milk.
  What's the milk that you.
.
.
  He says milk.
  No, okay.
  Very funny though, the listener at a live show gave the button that said M-E-L-K on it.
  Was it made for that?  Made for it because we got an argument about how I say milk.
  We did?  Yeah, on an episode a long time ago.
  When you say argument, was it an actual argument?  Not an argument per se, but it was one of those like, what did you just say moments?  Well, we wrapped it up.
  We like.
.
.
  It was a tussle at least, but then it ended by a set, look, Jason, we respect the way you say it.
  You're the heart of PTR.
  Let's just put this aside.
  Let's share a Cinnabon like lovers.
  We're gonna have to cut it in three and that's gonna be difficult, but we'll figure it out.
  I was just gonna say, I think it's weird.
  One of the things you like about Port of Entry is that it has a Cinnabon that you also don't want to go to.
  And you'll never go.
  I won't ever go.
  Look, I know the line is gonna be smaller, Crisson Moon Bakery, which I think is a pretty good pun.
  That line, I'm pretty sure is similar or shorter.
  That line's gonna be shorter.
  Cinnabon is gonna be more satisfying.
  Oh, really?  If you have to eat breakfast.
  Have you done either though?  No.
  Then what?  You're making judgments about things you've never done.
  Why do you think it'll be.
.
.
  Seriously, why would Cinnabon be.
.
.
  Because everyone loves the Cinnabon.
  They're delicious.
  But do they actually have breakfast items at the other place?  Yeah.
  Breakfast and sandwiches and stuff and coffee and juice.
  So you just think that Cinnabon does the one thing really well and it'll be just better to have a baby's head-size Cinnabon versus a burrito or something.
  You can get bites.
  You can get Cinnabon bites.
  Cinnabon, I'm sure.
  At the theme park?  What if it's a limited menu?  I'm sure it's a limited menu, but I think that's a pretty big seller for them at this point.
  Okay, that would make the cut of a limited menu.
  I guess if it's a quick service restaurant, your probably better bet is the chain.
  I guess I can see what you're saying there.
  Now, I'm a quick cup of coffee in a Clif Bar kind of guy, usually in the morning at theme parks.
  Well, yeah, you rise and then your energy, whatever your energy powder is that you're taking.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  Well, I drink it bottled.
  I drink it Logan Paul's energy drink.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Wrestling superstar Logan Paul.
  That's right.
  So, okay.
  Will you next time you're there, go to one of these places?  Sounds like no.
  Sure, no, I'll give it a shot.
  I never gave it much thought.
  This is a strange mix to me of hyper enthusiasm, but also refusal.
  I think I just like to amble around, like up and down the street.
  I don't think I've spent terribly long on it.
  Peruse the local market, the marketplace and the crinkets.
  Okay, how about this?  Next time you're there, will you sort of kind of like in a fun way,  sing a song up and down the street, like singing in the rain style?  I don't think that's ever been my MO.
  So I don't.
.
.
  You're welcome.
  That seems something you would like.
  If you would like to do it or ideally you would like to witness me doing it.
  Even though I have no interest doing that.
  I'll do it if you do it.
  If we both get Cinnabons and then we have a little song and dance.
  We meet the explorers.
  We meet the walk around.
  Yeah, sure.
  I'll do it next time we're there.
  Because again, I feel like I've missed out now.
  Well, I think a lot of people partly miss out now because so many people like hop on the  train at Universal Florida and take it over and come in the back.
  Yeah.
  Oh, does that piss you off that now there's a new entrance or that you don't even get an entrance?  You aren't getting what Universal creatives Mark Woodbury intended.
  That you pass through an exotic marketplace and then something tells you the adventure begins.
  I prefer the main end.
  I like the vibes.
  I like the vibe.
  This is a heavy vibe based land.
  And if you want to buy an overpriced beach dress.
  But here's the thing.
  JK Rowling aside, the ultimate way to get in to do Harry Potter is to go in in regular Universal,  go into Diagon Alley first, then take the Hogwarts Express to Hogsmeade to get to Hogwarts  Castle.
  If you were taking a kid there, that would be the main thing you would do.
  You wouldn't go.
  You would go to the correct order, I believe.
  That is the order and the storyline wise.
  Storyline wise, that's storyline wise because you start out in a regular London.
  You go on the train station, then you go to Diagon Alley, which is fantastical or whatever.
  If you're a kid and you're thinking you're going to go to Hogwarts, then you go to the train,  then you see all Hogwarts in the distance.
  There we are.
  That's the narrative way to do it, which would prevent you from going through this wonderful  port of entry.
  To me, the way that you're supposed to do it is to walk past an unthemed Starbucks,  a theater that's playing a Kung Fu Panda 3D movie,  then round a hard right corner and then just be in Hogwarts and there's nothing else.
  Yeah.
  And then you leave into Springfield.
  That's my Hollywood-centric view.
  And the only way you said they can improve it is if you get to a very important decision point  and right is Hogwarts and left is a big Fast and Furious ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So you can make a good decision there.
  That's a different way to go about it, but we'll see.
  It throws you in more.
  But maybe they'll solve this problem and they'll do the same thing where there'll be another  entrance and they'll finally do Diagon Alley here.
  What's your theory about if they were going to do Diagon here?  There's many different people who have speculated this.
  First of all, I will say there's a very strong rumor that Donkey Kong is up next here.
  What?  And they're demolishing another sound stage.
  Wow.
  I think they were doing the voice maybe.
  Okay.
  Or the voice.
  The voice pretty far into the back.
  Yeah.
  Well, the voice, I think I read somewhere that like voice has like offices there.
  And once that's wrapped, they're going to demolish that and Kong's going down.
  Yes.
  Take down whatever.
  I think that'll be, yeah.
  But there's a lot of different theories.
  I mean, some people have said doing Diagon without the ride,  you can kind of shove it in the Simpsons area because that's going away at a certain point.
  This is everybody suddenly gotten like more severe.
  I feel like with this, like Simpsons is gone.
  Are we really feeling like we're a couple?  I was about a lot of money.
  It's gone.
  Yeah.
  I think the agreement isn't as ironclad as the Marvel one.
  We're like universal can keep doing the Marvel one as long as they keep it up.
  You know, the contract runs out of 2028.
  Yeah.
  So I didn't know that year.
  I believe that's yeah.
  Which would be 20 years from when the first one opened.
  So like they capped it at 20 years.
  Right.
  Probably with the thought of like, oh, we'll renegotiate this for a lot more money,  not thinking they would get bought by Disney theme park.
  They're also like, well, the show surely will be off the air by then.
  No, no, no.
  Yeah.
  I will outlive all of us.
  I would be shocked because I think I'm sure that ride is still very popular,  but they've gotten a lot of usage out of that ride system at this point.
  It's not like it's a fresh, innovative new ride.
  I feel like the real estate, they could throw something in there that would make them more money.
  Yeah.
 But it's somehow Diagon and you pack it in there.
  Because it doesn't fit in.
  You would have to still.
  Do you just take all like Springfield's all gone and it's like a weird,  it's not the same where it's just a footprint exactly the layout that it is in Florida.
  It's like a weird new, it's all the greatest hits of Diagon and it goes as far back as you can.
  I don't know.
  I think if they do it, it's got to go down in the lot somewhere.
  Part of the studio tour has to go away and you have to do the train.
  You could just move the, because they've done that.
  They've moved where the tram leaves from.
  So maybe they got to build a new tram plaza.
  They haven't updated that in a long time.
  They haven't tweaked that like since the mid 2000s or so.
  But I wonder, are theme parks now more hesitant to do with all these shifting licensing agreements?  Is Universal skeptical of committing that much land and construction to a like co-agreement?  Oh, and now that like all the companies are much more fiercely at war with each other.
  I think that applies to almost everything but Harry Potter.
  I think Harry Potter probably still makes them so much money.
  It's worth it to them.
  Even though it's not quite as lucrative as something, percentage wise, not as lucrative.
  Money wise, it is still.
  So that's my guess, but yeah, I think, and plus it's built.
  I mean, it's like designed.
  It's still wooden.
  So it's just a clone.
  So yeah, you basically have to clone it.
  I don't know.
  Supposedly, and I'm probably just stealing Alicia Stella rumors,  but I think supposedly like Universal maybe is going to do another big thing a year out here,  which is like Fast and Furious Coaster, Donkey Kong.
  Donkey Kong, fuck yes.
  The Donkey, and I said before, the Donkey Kong Coaster,  holy shit, does it sound amazing.
  It's not up in Japan yet, right?  Not up, but there's been a lot of progress, I think, on it there.
  So yeah, I think.
  They're coming in Orlando, opening attraction in Orlando.
  I believe it is opening day.
  Yeah.
  They're already building that.
  This is the rosiest news that older millennials have gotten in quite a long time.
  Donkey Kong will open in Orlando in 2025.
  Opening in multiple places around the world.
  Yeah.
  We love Donkey Kong, us older millennials.
  It ain't so bad for us.
  I am amazed at how many people know the lore and extended character universe of Donkey Kong.
  I swear to God, give me a Bible.
  I swear to God, I've had the Donkey Kong Country theme song stuck in my head all day today,  and I don't know why.
  I don't know where it came from.
  There's music in that game that makes me feel emotions.
  Yeah.
  That to me is like kind of like oddly angsty electronic music.
  Are you talking about the slowed down version of the main theme?  No.
  I mean like underwater is good.
  Yeah.
  It's like real, I don't know.
  It's like kind of like eerie, mysterious, scary.
  Yes.
  I have feelings about Donkey Kong music.
  I took all those emotions and I placed them onto the original music made for the various  lands of Islands of Adventure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's where all the feels were coming.
  I think what you said that like when other kids were coming to life in other areas,  dating all of us in 99, we blossomed in different ways.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I don't think this is the episode to tell the story, but I was looking at my parents  brought a lot of my old photos and I took the high school band trip when I was 18.
  And I have one of the most devastating stories, romantic stories of my life  that happened sort of on this trip that I've not told on this podcast yet.
  That we get to hear?  I don't think it's, I don't think it's this is the episode for it.
  Oh man.
  I like it'll tease.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I love it.
  It's, but it's like, oh, it's brutal.
  I was looking at photos.
  I'm like, oh God, oh God.
  Oh, like just destroyed me.
  If you want your, but don't vote in the comments for an episode just about that.
  But if you want, if you give us a topic and you say, and I would like if Mike  just did that in the next club, that might be, you can add, just make it a sub part of your votes.
  Not the main topic.
  As you gain more and more perspective on this story and you feel more comfortable, it'll, it'll get  promoted every, you'll tell it, you'll tell it on club three and then you'll tell it again  on the second gate and then you'll tell it on the main feed when you're ready.
  Oh, this is a good way for us to air a lot of stuff, isn't it?  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Just our closest friends.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The ones who pay us the most.
  It's still humiliating.
  It's still like, I will, it's humiliating.
  It makes me humiliated in a way.
  Now I know it not really, but it's still brutal.
  It's really, I can feel it again.
  Oh, and I'm an old man at this point.
  I've never felt closer to you than hearing the tease of the story.
  Oh God.
  It's just, I want to beat myself up.
  And you call yourself an old man as part, I'm humiliated and I'm an old man.
  And my life's passing me by and I live in an old islands of adventure watchtower.
  Jason, would you want to retire up into that islands of adventure?  Oh, I love it.
  We talked about it in the morning, taking a nap up there.
  Right.
  Sure.
  Do we know, can you go up there?  I mean, obviously you could fix things and stuff to fix light.
  I don't know.
  I feel like I looked that up at a certain point and never, never quite found it.
  Is that like your Matterhorn basketball court?  I would be happy with the navigators club, the second floor of the confisco grill,  which is open here and there.
  I'm not saying what you'd be happy about.
  I'm just saying like, what's the Walt's apartment of islands of adventure for you?  Oh, I would haunt the light.
  Yeah.
  I would be like the Wilm Defoe of that lighthouse.
  That's an easy, that's a poster to make, right?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Let's see if we, I mean, we know people work there.
  If anyone's listening that works at islands of adventure and you can get Jason up in the  lighthouse, it doesn't have to be Scott and I, it doesn't matter.
  Jason specifically, all you have to do is sneak one of us into that lighthouse and have it be Jason.
  Yeah.
  I read the, I saw a message board with somebody who said they went up there and it's,  it's a really narrow staircase.
  So only two people can at a time.
  So if somebody, if one person who works there wants to take Jason up and we end up in a little  seven minutes in heaven scenario.
  Or just open the door for me and I can  end up in the seven, seven scenario with my beloved.
  I'll take it from here, please.
  I need to be alone.
  Me and this beautiful lady have some business to attend to.
  You're talking about the lighthouse?  The lady is the lighthouse.
  No, I was talking about Jane.
  Oh, okay.
  No, I thought you were alone.
  That's disappointing.
  I thought, oh, just me and the lady, some personal time.
  No, me and the lady, no, that's a, that me in the lighthouse.
  That's another.
  With a little lady called the lighthouse.
  Go up there, light some candles.
  It's just you and me now, girl.
  Just me in the finest rush construction that 1999 would give you.
  Yeah, that's what I think.
  It's just, there's nothing.
  It's not themed on the inside.
  It's just flats, but only two people can fit up there.
  What's is the light?  Oh, wait, wait.
  I think I saw that the light is like that.
  There is like the control panel for the light.
  Yeah.
  You can like make the light.
  The light drawing you to the port of entry.
  Calling beacon.
  Calling.
  Can you switch the light and like shine the spotlight on like the Margaritaville?  Can you like, can you spotlight it?  Might set the plane on fire.
  Are you crazy?  Yeah.
  Which plane?  The plane's been through enough.
  That's true.
  You're right.
  We didn't bring up the plane, by the way, on the episode about McPhisto.
  That was an oversight.
  Not that McPhisto was on the plane.
  Why are we supposed to?  But his alter ego was on the plane.
  Friend of McPhisto.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So that wasn't why I was upset with myself.
  I just felt I did a bad job.
  That's separate from your list of bullet points.
  What you got wrong.
  It wasn't the information.
  It was how I felt.
  I presented it poorly.
  The listeners are supposed to give us the gripes, not yourself.
  Sorry.
  Sorry.
  You can rent strollers and wheelchairs, but then it's a list of a bunch of crazy stuff  that you can rent like a aero boat, auto gyro dirigible.
  And then some are real.
  Then just like ECV, $50.
  Then fun ones.
  Gondola, Contiki, Pedicab strollers, $14.
99, $24.
99.
  Yeah.
  This sort of whimsy and mixing world cultures, world music.
  This was something in the air at the time.
  So you watch that special about the Millennium Celebration at Epcot.
  The guy composing the music for the parade with the puppets is like,  we made a language that's all the languages.
  And it's just kind of like, hey, hey, hey, like it's very similar.
  Hey, hey, hey, hey.
  All the nations of the world are going to come together and make a bunch of fucking crap.
  Yeah, it's very Leonardo.
  This is a more successful execution.
  Let Leonardo Columbus.
  I was prepared to say that exact phrase.
  And here I will play you why.
  Because we've maybe played clips of the special before.
  I don't even know what it is.
  It might be like the vacation planning type thing.
  There's some video that takes you through all the lands and you meet a character.
  It's like a bearded, so adventure you see, that kind of thing.
  Yeah.
  I think this is the one where there's a John Hammond who looks a lot like an old you,  or exactly like your dad.
  Yeah.
  We stalled on that before.
  So there were characters walking around.
  Port of Entry specific characters, as Jason, as you alluded to.
  And they appear in this video made in the year 2000.
  First of all, first up, I will turn my laptop to you guys and you will see a character not  invented for Port of Entry, but a universal style wart, of course, Woody Woodpecker.
  So Port of Entry was your place to meet Woody.
  He's got his hat on.
  Should have been main feed.
  Woody's there, should have been main feed.
  He's got his hat.
  Woody has a special hat in Port of Entry.
  They got a musketeer style hat.
  He's got a little feather in it.
  He needs the shade.
  His adventure is to go to.
  But the next voice you'll hear is an original character.
  And yeah, it's the most Leonardo.
  He's well, I'll get to this.
  Let's play.
  Look, looking for adventure.
  You've got the right place.
  I'm the official storyteller here.
  So I know the story.
  He's like he's on like a, you know,  kind of like your fixer.
  He's your minder.
  He's got a BMX bike.
  He's headed to the BMX show.
  Oh, yeah.
  Follow me to adventure and stunts.
  Quite extreme.
  The raddest you'll ever see.
  I think there's more of this.
  I'm trying to remember.
  Oh, you can tell by the architecture, the Port of Entry has been on this very spot  for hundreds of years filled with treasures from the four corners of the world.
  Well, there you go.
  This is your trading company.
  But yes, low, hard.
  There's that guy and then there's one other.
  And I don't see.
  I was referring to a video from 2021 or 22, where it's like two British explorers  and like pith helmets and then a guy like with like a fez and like a vest and just a  shitty sign that says mayor.
  And he's like, yeah, I'm the mayor.
  Hey.
  And then we're just accosting people at the end of Port of Entry.
  And the video like vlogger was just like, oh, hey, what are you?  Sorry.
  So they still to this day, now there are new characters who you don't know what the hell it is.
  And then there's the other one from back then.
  This seems to be like a fortune teller.
  You're going to get a little wet.
  Kind of like, yeah, like cheese wearing an Esmeralda kind of dress.
  And but talking in the Brooklyn accent, talking in the New York streets.
  Yeah.
  When you know that there are, you can hire a ample amount of employees who can all do  that voice.
  They will never stop flowing theme park performers who can do that voice.
  If your city has an improv theater in it, you're not going to have any shortage of  people who can do the Brooklyn voice.
  You know?  Right.
  So and this place is, you know, it's all places.
  So anybody can have any voice that is that's fair.
  Yeah, that's beautiful.
  Very millennial, very like it's all combining.
  Yeah, because there's Cinnabon there, but there's also some sort of mythical place to,  I don't know, go to the bathroom.
  Anyway, I just like these guys.
  Let me play one more clip of this guy.
  I think here.
  My regards to the good doctor.
  And don't forget to try the green eggs.
  It's partially in the chicken feed.
  My idea.
  I don't want to hang out with these guys.
  I don't like those guys.
  I want to rush past it just like the pith helmet guys you just described any of them.
  I am I am running.
  Maybe this is why I just went through this land.
  I didn't want to meet these people.
  Yeah, the storyteller.
  I have the stories you see.
  Would you care to hear what?  Absolutely not.
  You're harassing me.
  Security.
  I'm being harassed.
  I think you were more in character though than he was maybe with that voice.
  A little too much.
  Oh, hey, that's the green eggs and ham.
  My bike chain snapped.
  Oh, like whoopsies.
  Like I don't I don't feel that anyone's very committed to the characters either.
  Cinnabon stomach shouldn't have crammed that before my shift of storytelling.
  No one's going to buy the $40 souvenir VHS.
  It's 2000.
  Come to my improv show later at 8 p.
m.
  This footage shall not be snarked on by ye new timey podcast.
  Other improv students.
  By a different student who somehow feel like they're allowed to make fun of what I'm doing.
  A couple other losers.
  Is this just to confirm we're talking about the 27 minute Islands of Adventure VHS capture?  Is that what this is called on YouTube?  I think so.
  Yeah.
  Does anyone want to go to Mannequin's later?  It's going to be a good night.
  Always a good night.
  There's oh man I'm in the real quick I'm in the Pleasure Island Memories Facebook group still.
  Oh of course.
  And somebody the other day was just like does anyone know a good place in California that's  like Mannequin's?  My husband used to go all the time and he he misses Mannequin's so much.
  Does anyone have any suggestions?  And I have yet to see anyone suggest anything comparable to Mannequin's.
  I was just glad you used the present tense misses because I thought that was going to be a story  about a dead husband.
  There are plenty of people that have passed away from the glory days of Mannequin's that will be  like RIP so and so bartender at Mannequin's.
  So I get a steady steady stream of sadness from this group as well.
  Ironically now there is Lifeless is a Mannequin.
  Not one of the fun ones that danced danced at Mannequin's.
  If you wrote that you'd be arrested like you would there would be so many people that will call the  police on you in this group because there is not there's not a lot of like people  fucking love Mannequin's and they love Pleasure Island and there's no joking about it.
  Somebody will post an emoji sometimes and it's like hey that was a little goofy for what we're  doing here.
  This is a memories page.
  I don't like you.
  We open those doors and suddenly somebody's using the poop.
  I don't want to see that poop emoji anywhere near this.
  We're talking about Mannequin's.
  Shockingly spacious.
  Oh it's huge.
  It seems huge.
  Huge.
  By the way it sounds great.
  I said on the episode.
  Looks really fun.
  I would have had a ball.
  What have we not talked about about Port of Entry?  Oh well.
  What stories have we not been told?  So I mentioned Confisco Grill.
  I don't think I knew until yesterday that's a play on words.
  Confisco.
  Confiscate.
  So there's all of the.
  What?  There's all of there's a lot of artifacts.
  There's a lot of stuff from all the islands and I think somewhere in the backstory I think  there's stuff about pirates or people coming to Port of Entry and having to check some of  their items and some of those are you know pretty fun little like oh there's a cat in  the hat to add.
  One of them just appears to be a particle board cut out of Rocky and Bullwinkle and  Natasha and Boris.
  Probably an item from there.
  It's just them.
  It's just them hanging out.
  Well there we go.
  All right.
  It seems like this arbitrary name but then it's part of a story.
  It's part of a story and they in the last few years have committed more to the like  food from around the world of like curry and a banh mi sandwich and French onions like a  hodgepodge of different stuff you can get.
  Okay.
  Seems like an okay restaurant.
  Yeah.
  And you've had you have had food there.
  I have had food there.
  Yeah.
  A couple times.
  And it was pretty good.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Pretty was it better than what the Odyssey?  I'd say it was I think one trip my family went on we ate at Mythos and Confisco on the same  trip and they were about similar.
  I meant Mythos.
  I didn't mean the Odyssey.
  Yeah.
  I was wondering.
  Okay.
  I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
  What is Odyssey?  What am I?  That's the Epcot thing.
  The Odyssey is an Epcot.
  It's in between.
  Yeah.
  That's right.
  Mm-hmm.
  It's a festival.
  I'll edit this part out so.
  That's fine.
  I don't look foolish.
  Um, sorry.
  Oh, Jason's coming over here to strangle me.
  He's so upset with my mistake.
  Two parks with your heirs and this after McPhisto gate.
  And the and my story when I was 18 that makes me sad.
  Very excited for that.
  Man, you were 18.
  Yeah.
  I thought you were a lot younger.
  I was so excited.
  No, no.
  I mean, my emotional maturity was a lot younger.
  Oh, sure.
  He's probably true.
  We're allowed to make fun of the story.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Below 18, we couldn't snark on it.
  Mm-hmm.
  That's true.
  It was at the end of the year of my senior year.
  Oh, geez.
  Yeah.
  Um, uh, yeah, well, that's there's a lot of things like this in the land that like tie  everything together, which is, is again, the land, the islands could have could not have less  to do with each other.
  So I kind of admire the like, okay, so in this mythological place, then we'll write like rare  wares, fantastic finds, mezzozoic marvels, which is that's mezzozoic marvels is about  Jurassic, not Marvel, confusingly.
  I not what that.
  Yeah, that kind of I was confused.
  I thought that they were getting two for one with that, but I think they were mostly doing  Jurassic.
  I think fantastic finds is Marvel.
  Right.
  Unless they joined Fantastic Four pizza restaurant.
  Okay.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  Sucy and supplies.
  You know what that one is notions and potions, I guess is.
  Lost.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  We're potter works for either or they've they never painted the sign and never will.
  No one noticed.
  There's also a sign for a dance studio that says, uh, from Merlin's Mumbo to the Stegosaurus  Stomp.
  Discover the world of Xan dance.
  Um, that's fun.
  I wish to see the dances.
  I think they should draw on the floor how you do the Stegosaurus Stomp.
  Yeah, please.
  I'd like to do that very much.
  And then I'd like to hit if you did that at mannequins, you would have been the hero of  the night.
  Would have been a good night for a Merlin's Mumbo.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Merlin's Mumbo.
  You and the star of the night.
  Yeah, that's a great international.
  What is that?  It's like, you know, it's like the Spanish dance.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And old, old England.
  How does that was all combined?  I'd like to see it.
  I would too.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, so.
  What else?  Ocean Trader Market.
  They have somehow kept up since 1999.
  That's like the open air, like, uh, items from around the world.
  That's like right next to the trading company store.
  Right.
  Which is a regular merge.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So that seemed like the thing that I mean, I think there's some stuff in this that I'm like,  oh, I like that's that they kept that open.
  Like they still have that.
  They flipped one store to a Christmas shop.
  Cause you were saying they could just easily have switched it into like Harry Potter wants.
  Yeah.
  Which they have, uh, turned plenty of their gift shops into corners of that.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  So it's a little bit, I like galaxy's edge still has, they haven't switched every gift shop into  like, it's just selling star wars t-shirts yet.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if that's, I don't know how they're doing sales wise for like the different  trinkets and the handmade things or whatever.
  Probably pretty well, but I don't know.
  So yeah.
  I'd like to see the numbers.
  They're probably, yeah.
  I think you're, you're selling thousands of stained glass queen on my dollars every day.
  Does that really sell that?  Yeah.
  That's the thing they have.
  Yeah.
  Well that was the way I, when I always said assured bug main that it wasn't bad in galaxy's edge.
  Like, well there is one shop with a stained glass on my dollar.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, is that Oka's?  Uh, no, it's in that, you know, you're thinking of doc on doc.
  Oh, doc on doc.
  Come over and strangle you.
  Oh yeah.
  That's fine.
  Doc on.
  Yeah, there is like, there's a, uh, kid Fisto stuff in there and you get some prequel weird stuff.
  You said, you said kid Fisto earlier and I did not remember what it was.
  I didn't know it was a star wars thing and I didn't go back up and ask.
  And remember there's a Monday on the Jedi council key ad Monday.
  Is that his name?  Oh, you were the one who just, I said it out loud and you were like, Monday is in prequels.
  We're forgetting a lot that has been said.
  There's things get kind of like lapped.
  I feel like it happened over two years.
  Like three months ago.
  Oh, I think he, it's key.
  Key Adi Monday.
  It's the guy with kind of the cone head.
  Oh, okay.
  And I said his name and you went, and I never thought of it either.
  And you go, there's a Monday and it's like, yeah, it's M U N D I.
  Okay.
  I think this is one of those things that may perhaps like Frank Marshall stories.
  Um, the prequel specific prequel characters are in one ear and out the other.
  Raced through my, between my ears, like me racing out of port of entry to go on a ride.
  Oh wow.
  Racing fast, like a pod racer Tito.
  All right.
  I liked that.
  Doesn't mean I'll remember it.
  Listener, you're going to have to hear me hear the name Tito.
  But Golis ask about it.
  Be told what it is.
  Enjoy all that in 2020.
  Actually later this year, actually, uh, maybe next month, maybe next month's club three.
  This is another East coast thing.
  Jason says Pagalis.
  I say Pagalis.
  Oh yeah.
  Pagalis is how we say it when I was a kid and he is, it's a regional dialect.
  I think I was at straw.
  I was getting all the stuff off the end caps at straw bridges.
  You were at what Mervins or I was not at Merve Cal door.
  I don't know what you had in Chicago.
  What are we talking about?  A grocery store department stores or department store?  We had Lord and Taylor.
  Okay.
  We had a Marshall fields.
  Yeah.
  Oh, sears.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Uh, uh, pennies.
  JC pennies.
  We were certainly a pennies household.
  Yeah.
  But we did not have Mervins or any other garbage you just said.
  I would, I'd like to, uh, you know, Jason, you can do this if you want, but any other,  any aspiring standups out there, I'm just going to give a bit idea for free, which is the, uh,  the, just the initiate and just start your act this way.
  Go to an open mic and just say, Hey, you ever notice how people from pencil bear?  No, it's Philly.
  You ever notice how people from Philly say the pod racer names?  I'm diving in like slide.
  Paramita.
  And somebody tells me it's slide.
  Paramita.
  I'm like, shut the fuck up.
  Huge applause.
  Hold for that.
  Then, you know, then go into your food saying your Bozzie, baranta,  Juan sandage,  Odie Randrell.
  I didn't look it up.
  There's nothing.
  There's, you know, that's your button.
  That's your button.
  This is like, this is, I'm calling.
  Coaching Jerry Seinfeld in comedian.
  That's your, that's your tag right there.
  Yeah.
  You come back tomorrow.
  You do that one.
  Go try it at Caroline's and do it here.
  Okay.
  Well, I will try it.
  It'll play well.
  I think.
  Um, what else?  They got the lockers.
  The lockers are here.
  The lockers are here.
  Lockers.
  Lockers, Jason.
  Huh?  Have you ever done the lockers?  We were never a locker fan.
  We were not either.
  No, he is a big locker.
  Is she a big lock?  Interesting.
  She likes to do the lockers on Main Street.
  The ones that outside the park at Disneyland.
  We have not used the islands of adventure lockers, though.
  I don't believe.
  Okay.
  Probably we were staying on site.
  So we left stuff in the hotel because it's just a walk, a quick walk.
  Right.
  But yeah, she's a locker.
  I've never been at lockers.
  I understand purse, different situation, but still we were not locker family.
  When I was down for that bachelor party, I made a point of packing in such a way that  it would fit into a Disney's Hollywood studio locker because I wanted to go to that park  on the way to the airport.
  So I stressed myself too much about this.
  It's got to be the kind of bag that can fold up.
  And all right, what are the prices there?  Okay, it's got to be one of the.
.
.
  And I was like, wait, are there outside the park ones?  There were.
  I don't think there are anymore or there wasn't one big enough for.
.
.
  I oddly did a lot of research about this.
  That makes sense.
  And I'm glad I did because it got me a little runaway railway before we got here.
  The.
.
.
  I had some.
.
.
  If I have any port of entry animosity, it's that I think technically you're still in port  of entry outside the park.
  That's still the theming.
  And I associate it with another bachelor party memory, which is when everyone in the party  bought $209 express passes that did not get us into the park.
  And we all needed to wait in a horrible line for an only two windows open for an hour  in order to rectify this mistake and just even start being in the park.
  It was the most stressful hour.
  While the other half went and did shots at what do you call it?  What's the shock tooth some?  Yeah.
  Well, we were all hunkered down there and.
.
.
  When you resolved it and got in the park, I bet you were going up and down  that main entry and like, look at this theming.
  Come on, get me in there.
  Does anyone want a muffin from the croissant bakery?  I know it's 530 in the afternoon.
  Does anyone want a muffin?  We have to look at this fire brigade sign, guys.
  The fire.
.
.
  There is like a fire shanty kind of thing, a fire brigade shanty.
  There's a little story.
  There's a boarded up sign that says fire brigade moving closer to water.
  That's like put up very hastily, just like big pieces of wood.
  And then closer to water, there is indeed a little fire cart.
  Yeah.
  There's a story to find out.
  I'll wag my finger at you, Mike.
  There's a story.
  So next time you go, rear about the fire brigade.
  Yeah, do a photo op if you got kids, you got a big party, you know.
  Did you get any.
.
.
  Big party?  Yeah, big party.
  That's like the old fire cart.
  Hey, could you hold this?  Yeah, we'll take a picture.
  Did you get any first aid or guest services at the Open Arms Hotel?  Have you gotten any first aid there?  No.
  Have you ever gotten first aid at any theme park?  I got an ice pack at Hollywood Studios.
  When I was there last year or two last year.
  Well, my knee hurt and I asked for ice pack.
  Did you rather did you hold it on the whole trip?  No, it was just crushed ice really wrapped up in some bags and towels.
  Did they wrap your knee?  No, they didn't wrap it.
  They just gave it to me and then I went back to the hotel and I just put it on my knee.
  I was wondering if you were on rides with that?  No, no.
  I would have just stuck it out.
  Okay.
  So, okay.
  But that's the only time you've gotten first aid?  I think so.
  Maybe went in to get like a Tylenol at Disneyland once.
  Retail on my eye wash is really I think the only time I ever did it when I had that  sunscreen in my eye that wouldn't come out.
  Skin my knee really bad.
  SeaWorld San Diego.
  How old?  Like 10.
  I remember it really bad.
  One of the worst.
  Oh.
  Yeah, it was on some like because it was on like theme like sea ride was on like coral  and it's jagged, you know?  Yeah.
  Cuts you up.
  So what just Band-Aids?  I think so.
  Bring you out the rest of the day?  I don't quite recall.
  I did you tough it out.
  It like dampened my spirits, I will say.
  And then the next time then we went down to SeaWorld with the little one a couple years ago now.
  And that was it was just talk about hot also like  barely shaded park.
  So crazy hot bad party.
  We got out of there so fast.
  I've not really had a good time at SeaWorld San Diego.
  Was Sesame Street open yet?  Yeah, we went.
  Yeah, we went with the kid.
  So that's good.
  I don't think Sesame Place was open.
  Oh, right, right.
  They had the water park.
  Right, right, right, right.
  So there was an Elmo dance party.
  Yes.
  Sure.
  And was the moves like Bert was happening?  Yeah, that's right.
  That is where I heard moves like Bert.
  Okay, let me amend this.
  I did like moves like Bert more than skinning my knee.
  Okay.
  When I was 10.
  Well, we've talked about how like the old trauma, childhood trauma does sometimes still  color your feelings like about for earnest for me.
  Or it's like it's hard to escape my feelings.
  Yeah, or how 18 year old trauma colors entire episodes for you.
  God, you guys have no idea.
  Oh boy.
  Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.
  I hate it.
  It's so humane.
  It just makes me feel so bad.
  I'm gonna get we'll resolve this.
  We'll go in the Port of Entry Christmas shop.
  We'll get you a minion wearing like a Santa hat ornament.
  Do you think that's gonna make me a minion?  No, I don't know.
  We got to go back in time.
  We got to get me some from the like the era.
  We're gonna get you a character you don't care for and didn't grow up with.
  We're going to get you a 98 degrees t-shirt 98 degrees and what he would.
  Pecker mashup t-shirt.
  Were there all like all the members of 98 degrees are Woody Woodpeckers?  Oh, that'd be great.
  That's good.
  That would be a good shirt.
  Uncle.
  Yeah, everybody would understand that back in high school.
  When you when you returned to your hometown.
  Oh man, if we could find footage of like an event at Universal and they get all the 98  degree guys to do the Woody Woodpecker like ha ha ha ha like sort of thing.
  That'd be great.
  I'd love that.
  There was just a concert happening at Universal Orlando like as they do a concert series at  that stage they have and there was a concert where just a I never listened to the music  but I looked at the photo and the photo made me think Mike would like this band  and then I and then I looked up what the band was and it was a Christian.
  That's a huge Christian music festival.
  I think it wasn't the festival.
  I think it was a on their own.
  That might have been called Thrive.
  That's what the closest in my head could be Thrive.
  There does seem to be a band called Thrive but was am I right?  I don't know.
  Does Thrive look cool?  Do they look like some hooks?  I don't think it was Thrive.
  If you saw a Christian concert at Universal Studios recently let me know.
  I mean the Goo Goo Dolls were playing at the Mardi Gras concert series.
  Well and you know I've seen the Goo Goo Dolls at the City Walk in Orlando.
  Oh sure.
  At the Hard Rock.
  Your favorite.
  Yeah.
  Hard Rock Live.
  That giant venue.
  My sister, my mom and I saw Goo Goo Dolls.
  Wow.
  You saw the Goo Goo Dolls with your mom.
  Yeah and they closed with Tom Petty's American Girl.
  I'll never forget it.
  They closed with not their song.
  With not their song right.
  Lord.
  That's right.
  Okay Jason I think you should bring us to a summation statement.
  If you have one, if you can summon the spirit of adventure and just kind of like  if there's anything else you want to say about what this place means to you  while I look up what the Christian bands were that have recently played at Universal Florida.
  Look the you know like the sign says the adventure begins.
  It's a great vibe.
  It's pretty chill.
  It's a pretty chill way to get into a theme park.
  If you are looking on YouTube someone ripped the soundtrack that used to be able to buy in the park  and I think the tracks you want to recreate this land are the Call to Adventure, Ocean Trader Market,  Confisco Grill and the Adventure Lives On which is kind of I believe the intent was I don't know  they still do it but the intent was like as you're leaving the park at the end of the night like  this is the exit music you know.
  Sure sure.
  I think they should change this place.
  I think they should demolish it.
  What?  You're gonna tell Jason this on the way up north?  There's not enough there for me to get invested.
  I just I'm thinking about it over the course of this episode and I feel like  change the theme.
  Change it.
  I mean I think they could update the existing they could keep the existing theme and gussy it up a  little.
  Make it new.
  Make it different.
  I don't know.
  Okay.
  I don't think it all gels quite frankly.
  I don't like it at all.
  Diving in with hot take right at the end.
  I'm thinking about it.
  I want to think of my feelings.
  I don't want to hear Jason's anymore.
  I don't hear my feelings out loud and I think it's like what are they doing?  It's like too much you know.
  You know sometimes people are trying to do too much at once.
  Too many eras.
  Too many accents.
  Make it simpler.
  Make it simple simplify it.
  I guess you can keep the rocks but I feel like I need a more of a type.
  Good fake rocks.
  You got to give it that.
  Yes I do have to give it good fake rocks.
  But tighten up the narrative here.
  Just tell us like this is where the gods meet or something and it's this is where like Zeus  sits and this is where Ares sits.
  You don't like going to the end of the island and see where the other two islands like  this island ends and the others begin.
  That's kind of fun.
  I'm fine with that.
  I'm just saying like from a narrative standpoint give me something a little more like concrete.
  Okay.
  A little more that's not so open-ended if that makes sense.
  Mike's throwing this out at the end.
  Jason's okay with it.
  Yeah he's fine.
  Do you realize the wrap how this audience likes port of entry more than any of us do.
  We're all canceled actually finally least of which me you did that exchange you guys are gone.
  You're toast now.
  You're ratioed.
  Anything divisive there's going to be people who like it and who don't like it.
  But they're going to say Jason just being polite.
  They're going to say we know what he really thinks.
  Jason's too nice.
  He's he's being nice to Mike and Mike is dead wrong and we're going to.
  I think bring back the 1999 park maps which are a mess of photos and overlays and a million.
  I said go one step further in but the time machine and let's go back in time.
  You live like little boys.
  Let's go back.
  We want to go back.
  That's what I want.
  But yeah I don't know I need I need some more I need some.
  Give me at least a narrative that makes a little more sense.
  I found a bug on the website I think where the Christmas shop is not listed in the app.
  The mobile app is a bug but it is on the website.
  Yeah it's a little weird.
  Yeah so I don't know I just give me give me everybody has like one accent or no accent  or they all talk like this and like like I don't need New York and like Hercules speak  or like yeah it's too much it doesn't give me a unified theme.
  I don't think those characters from that 23 year old video are necessarily hiding out anymore.
  I don't know I just but I don't know.
  There is a fun.
  They need to make me care.
  There's a fun.
  This is a deficiency of this area that I don't care and I've been doing a GD podcast  about theme parks.
  You care about censorship but you don't care about port of entry.
  I should know the lore of this already.
  There's why I'm thinking about this as I go why is this why is all this information  new to me in the last 72 hours.
  Mike I just told you that there is a fire station that moved  and your heart isn't enthralled.
  You are in love with this place.
  This should be it's no this is one of the biggest theme parks in the world.
  Yeah it was highly traffic theme park.
  I should know the characters already and it's not my fault.
  No it is their fault and it's the universal creative fault for not making this more attractive  to us.
  This is where I've come I've realized this is what's going on here.
  Well much like your romantic foibles were I think it's entirely your fault  and you should feel bad about it.
  You should still feel bad about it.
  All right now he's back now the audience is back on his side.
  Okay okay.
  Stick it together.
  Still gonna.
  We're both standing up to choke each other now.
  I didn't.
  Jason won the episode right at the end.
  There's little like sounds there's stuff at the end of alleyway like there is like a  fate like sheet like if you tied a bunch of sheets to escape a bedroom there's like a  prison breakout going on and you can hear audio.
  There's lovebirds there's cute little birds two little white birds and you can hear them  like cooing with each other.
  That's kind of cute.
  What are their names?  Two non-anatronic birds.
  Okay.
  That's kind of cute.
  You think that stuff's so cute in Main Street.
  You love that shit.
  I understand Main Street it makes sense to me.
  Main Street doesn't have like kind of a mythology you just need to know the year  and then that's it you're off to the races.
  This there's all this stuff that we're supposed to learn.
  Those years we all know the turn of the century.
  Perfect time in America.
  No problem.
  Here it comes.
  I like the years.
  I'm just saying you know what it is you know why you're there.
  Well there's more of it.
  There's more of it and you understand what's going on.
  I love that you're throwing yourself in front of the bus to be the villain instead of me.
  But I can't underline it enough your complaints go too much integrity to let this go by without  going hey wait a minute like that's really what just happened.
  I said hey wait a minute.
  You drink a couple seven and sevens at that backwater bar.
  It's fine but this is the entry point for one of the most exciting places on earth.
  Sure.
  And it should I should know.
  I should have known and it's not my fault.
  You didn't even know the name of it right.
  No I didn't know the name of it.
  You didn't know that this was called Port of Entry.
  Yes I didn't know that.
  While the listeners are screaming about how it needs to be main feed.
  I didn't know.
  It's a name that one of the hosts of the show doesn't know.
  Didn't know.
  And now that you know it you hate it.
  Yeah I guess I do hate it because again they should have made me know that.
  Look it's right on the 1999 map it says Port of Entry you know the map with no signs for  smoking.
  You read that map every night.
  You read that map once a night.
  Sign with no smoking sections label because you just smoke everywhere back then.
  You read it like a bible you do it five times like the rosary and then and only then can you  actually sleep unencumbered.
  Is that how many times you're supposed to do the rosary?  I don't know.
  You're assigned it aren't you?  I don't know anything about.
  Amounts of rosaries but then you each bead represents a different prayer.
  Like if there's only five you do that one five times if there's ten you do ten Hail  Marys.
  Could you do can you could you incorporate high and low into one of your prayers for us  just as an example.
  Yeah.
  You do all right so for the first the first round you do Hail Marys and the next round you do.
  All right.
  Heil.
  Heil.
  Oh shit.
  Oh no no no no no.
  Why is no no no.
  Because it's high and lowest.
  God I got twisted up.
  No not high or low listeners.
  I don't think that lowest from high and lowest should be saluted in a killer fashion.
  That's not what I was saying.
  I don't think anyone should start some grim revolution in the name of Lois.
  Was the name of the Catholic church was that what Prince Valiant was questing in the.
  Oh interesting.
  Somebody look into Prince Valiant in the crusades like I don't know the timeline on that.
  I don't know those years.
  Well they should look if he was to Lagoon should make me know that.
  Kind of skipped over Prince Valiant.
  Kind of.
  That's true.
  Yeah it wasn't really big fan.
  You the only thing you don't like is there isn't a Prince Valiant ride.
  Well it would help me understand it more.
  Yeah so maybe maybe when they do a big refurb it can be themed something that Prince Valiant.
  I will unless by the way I have a little addendum to this episode as well which if we haven't.
  Well I die I do now too thankfully the band is called skillet the Christian rock bay.
  It took me so long but the rock band is called skillet and it's got you know like I think why  why I think you would like it is that it's like the Alice in Wonderland band.
  Oh where there's like you know like it's two guys two girls and two have dyed hair  and they look like the people who would revamp the cocktail menu on bar rescue.
  Oh wow.
  They actually all look like bar rescue experts.
  We finally found a way to explain some of your aesthetic your rock and roll aesthetic  which is the bar rescue experts who ruin the bars.
  The cool like leather jacket guys and sometimes they do like pompadours  like it's like a short girl and like you know what a foot of her height is her hair.
  I'm bringing my friend in John Stalactite he's one of the top flair bartenders in the country.
  Don't get the smoke too close to his hair because there is there is some old pomade  there's some flammable pomade in that hair.
  We're doing a hibiscus orange gin and tonic.
  There's about 12 ingredients into it and it's going to be the signature drink at this new hole  in the wall bar in Arkansas in this tiny Arkansas town.
  It's going to sink you guys as far as your costs.
  Your customers who seem to be old men who watch sports so they can forget that their  wife died 25 years ago.
  I think they're really going to respond to that to that's the sparkle of the hibiscus.
  The blood orange infused.
  You're going to love taking business advice from this guy who has the worst tattoos you've  ever seen in your life.
  Yes this is right I want to see that guy play rock and roll.
  A music thing that I remember about a universal they were like oh we've got a bunch of live music  coming up and one of the names was Lecrae.
  I believe is a Christian rapper and the only time I had ever heard of it before was they  were interviewing a wrestler once and they said you know I I'm on the road a lot on Sundays so I  do my fellowship by listening to Lecrae.
  I never listened to the music and then the only other time it came to my mind I saw  Lecrae was booked at the universal music festival and I was like well we got Lecrae.
  You have a good get.
  I'll try to find a maybe I'll try to find some skillet to play on the way up so what's your  addendum?  Real quick I know because of baby I've been giving out Christmas gifts about a month late  a month and a half late here and I have a couple gifts real quick and I just one I hope  well we'll see.
  I'm so excited this might be port of entry themed really underrepresented for merchandise.
  It's not port of entry.
  Ready to throw it in the garbage.
  Okay.
  I'm going to start with Scott real quick and it's something we talked about in one of the  episodes and Scott this is your Frank I've given I knew Jada Toys Frank and Barry.
  Whoa that's great.
  That looks great.
  Wow oh that's fantastic thanks so much Mike.
  Of course it's really great he looks cool and he's like a cereal box.
  Now Jason you would think oh what am I going to get Jason like Count Chocula or something  the answer is no because you know Griffin Newman started something that I feel like  is really nice for Scott's.
  I started I gave him a couple Kingo key chains and Griffin took the ball and ran with it  to a crazy degree but you know.
  There's so many Kingos now.
  Doesn't Jason need his own version of this Kingo tradition?  I think he does and I found the perfect starting point by getting him two identical items and  of course the identical items I got Jason and maybe I should just hand this bag to him  and then have him describe as he in real time discovers what I have done.
  Oh all right.
  Okay looks like a sprouts or right aid.
  Oh it's Walmart it's Walmart going green.
  It's not from Walmart.
  He wouldn't use CBS that would remind him of his failures his failures to say.
  Jason is looking at the box he is horrified.
  Is there two what do you how do you say this name like Q Pops kit.
  Actually yeah I think that I don't know exactly how to say I don't I was not even.
  Oh a lot of this backs box appears to be in Japanese.
  This is like a vinyl toy of identical toys of Kevin Smith.
  And he looks like a little boy.
  It's like a little like.
  Love is it's very.
  Kevin Smith was a little boy and in the comic strip love is.
  Giant baby eyes giant like shiny Q P doll baby eyes for Kevin Smith.
  Yeah so I am assuming that with the collector's mindset you're  thinking I'll open one of these and keep one in box.
  Well I was thinking maybe you could keep one on your desk and then you could sleep with one in your  bed.
  Oh OK.
  But it's up to you I mean the way you want to do your new and I again it doesn't have to be the  start Griffin of a new tradition where Jason collects Kevin Smith toys which of which there  are a number of different ones but if that happens that would be great.
  So Jason I'm allowing you to just choose how to collect however you want.
  All right very good.
  So we'll post a photo of these things.
  Thank you so much for not giving these to me.
  I am terrified of this.
  These are we're afraid of Megan.
  I don't think so.
  I'm afraid of these Kevin these Kevin Smith Q POS kits.
  I saw Megan the other night Megan rocks.
  Yeah sure.
  It'll be back.
  Well Megan's then Megan does not have that in common with these dolls.
  These are thanks for putting them back in the bag.
  That's where they should stay.
  Those are those are the idiots.
  And you know what's weird to me I saw it at a distance but I think something about the beard  and whatever was on his head from a little bit of a distance I was like  are those weird little dolls of Osama bin Laden?  I also thought Osama bin Laden when I took it out of the bank.
  We thought you got us that would be pretty weird.
  I thought you found like an Alibaba someone selling like Funkos of Osama bin Laden.
  I've seen Hitler quarter scale or six one sixth scale.
  You're doing Hitler's?  Yeah you can find Hitler dolls.
  Yeah people are wild.
  Well we.
  This is Kevin Smith by the way the film director Kevin Smith.
  And podcaster.
  Not a dictator.
  You'll have to take a picture.
  Jane and I gave Mike and Lindsay a bunch of stuff.
  Christmas and belated congratulations stuff.
  It was mostly gift cards for food that I know new parents it's  sucks to get food on table get coffee that sort of thing.
  But I did get him a bottle of blue maple Captain Crunch bread.
  Yes.
  Blue maple.
  I was like oh I should have taken a picture to show Scott this monstrosity.
  That's going to I'm going to have to put that on the shelf next to the digits  while I count calories.
  Now that's a nice couple of ice cubes shot of digits a little spoonful of.
  Well yeah maybe you're right a little blue syrup in my new cocktail.
  And that's maybe that's the type of cocktail one of these Flair bartenders  could introduce to one of these bars on Bar Rescue.
  I do it all day we're going to we're going to bring it we're going to bring in digits.
  We have a sponsorship with Scottie Peppin and we're going to also put a little blue  Captain Crunch maple syrup.
  It's like his flaming mode.
  Captain Crunch to button it with the topic of the episode.
  It'd be fun if Captain Crunch was walking around port of entry.
  If you had like explore characters that you recognize  and you get like Captain Crunch fudge at the candy shop.
  People who are about to go sail off and who have those big dumb hats that sailors.
  Yeah sure yeah absolutely.
  I'd like to know more than Captain Crunch master and commander far side of the world.
  Is that a really yeah Quaker Oats guy.
  Yeah all of the all the friends.
  All right yeah it should be for and these are friends that you know.
  Mike unlike the friends that are not your friends from port of entry.
  I don't like them.
  Well all right on that on that note on a mixed review you survived podcast the ride.
  Thanks for subscribing to club three.
  Your bravery saved the podcast.
  Well done freedom fighters.
  You didn't like port of entry.
  Mike hates port of entry.
  When you come to port of entry with me and we'll get some sea grooms.
  Okay and then we'll go we'll just vibe we'll enjoy the music.
  Okay a liquor that no one likes that no one regularly drinks.
  Liquor and when you wash that down with a Cinnabon you're gonna love it.
  Traditionally the washing is with the liquid not with the big thick solid.
  With sea grooms not with the seven it's I mean seven seven the seven up kind of eases it into you.
  But anyway I you don't you don't like port of entry but I'm curious now if you will if you will  like the band skillet and I want you've maybe actually heard skillet before because their song  monster was used as the theme song for wwe hell in a cell and the and their song hero was the  theme song for tribute to the troops and royal rumble 2010 so I feel like it's it's odds are  maybe kind of good wwe impeccable taste for music just really solid always on point.
  Let's see let's let's see let's let's let's try a little monster on the way out the door.
  Oh and make sure you vote in the comments for topic next month skillet episode question mark.
  If you have a annual pass universal take pictures of you vibing on port of entry.
  Let's see your port of entry vibes.
  Let's see how you POE vibe.
  Yeah.
  All right here's skillet.
  I know you wouldn't like this.
  I now I know right away.
  Maybe some of these energy music but when the spirit moves you you know.
