 Forever.
.
.
 dog.
  Warning! The following podcast features three shy guys who one-up each other with takes as hot as fire flowers.
  They may tell jokes that ba-bomb and provoke a big boo.
  The boys go into battle mode against cacophonous coin sounds, time-sensitive toy orders, and food guards.
  Let's-a-go to Super Nintendo World on Podcast the Ride!  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a podcast hosted by three very good boys who think that all that stuff with Yoshi and  his big tongue is a little body.
  We don't like that, we don't go in for that.
  It's-a-me, Scotty-o, joined by Mikey-o, Wa-mikey, I would like to be referred to.
  Wa-mikey, I will make the adjustment.
  And yes, I want every parent to make sure to put their little finger out and say to their child,  no tongues, please, keep those tongues in the mouth, okay?  Because that's where ideas form.
  People want to be like their heroes, they start imitate, and suddenly, you know, Universal, I think, has platformed somebody who does tongue antics, and we don't go in on that.
  Let's ask somebody about tongue antics right now.
  Well, let me give him his special Mario introduction.
  Of course, real life toad Jason Sheridan.
  Oh, yeah.
  I was sitting dead still in a chair, and somehow I still walked right into that.
  Toad is a beloved character.
  Yeah, I know.
  I think that's a good thing, too.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah, I love Toad.
  He's plucky.
  Uh-huh.
  You get a sense of him a little bit in the land, in the restaurant.
  I don't think I knew much about his personality or his desire to cook.
  He loves to cook.
  Now we've eaten Toad's food.
  We get to see another side of him, that of line cook.
  We get to see Toad excerpt from the bear.
  Oh, well, isn't that the, what's the thing?  It's already been so long.
  It's Chef.
  That's the show you want to see is the Toadstool Cafe version.
  Yeah.
  With all, that's nothing but Toads.
  You can only tell them apart by what color spots they have.
  Yes, Chef.
  Absolutely, Chef.
  So today is, this is a big one.
  Hey, look, we're doing nonsense over on the second gate.
  It's still Dick Tracy and whatever.
  But here on the main feed, we are, it's hit after hit.
  It's big rides.
  Yeah.
  Runaway Railway one week and now Super Nintendo World.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Long awaited, long in the works.
  From a glaring slam to a foul ball, huh, fellas?  Oh, wow.
  Oh, my God.
  That's Super Nintendo.
  And you're declaring as a episode of foul ball.
  I'm going to try to be very fair and even handed in the episode.
  But before that, just to start, Super Mid-Rail Brothers.
  Oh, wow.
  And mid, you've told me about that.
  That's a young person insult.
  That's one of those young person insults that he used.
  No, it's not that bad, but it sometimes gets that bad.
  Well, if Universal is checking just the very top of the podcast to see if we get to still be invited to stuff.
  Yeah.
  Jason really screwed us here.
  That's what you wait for 10 minutes in after they have stopped listening.
  Four minutes in.
  You front load it, Jason.
  Front load it.
  You say all the good stuff first.
  Let's not let Jason record the warning this week because he'll say warning.
  We're talking about something mid today.
  Someone in super mid.
  Gee whiz.
  Well, Toad wouldn't have done that.
  I don't know.
  He's pretty sassy.
  He is sassy.
  Yeah.
  Hey, so I mean, it's a big one.
  This has been building and growing since before the podcast started.
  I was trying to remember just the arc of the Nintendo Universal partnership, which they announced in 2015.
  It's before we were doing this even.
  It has been up and running in Universal Studios Japan since late 2020, early 2021.
  I think they've been it's been a hurricane of stops and starts due to COVID.
  But, you know, pretty heavily hyped up there and people have been liking it there.
  It's coming to Singapore.
  I didn't know that.
  Where I don't know a lot about Universal Singapore.
  And it doesn't feel that likely that we'll make it there.
  So it makes me wonder if we should get in.
  If people want to, if we, you know, we might not go in person, but do you want to hear our takes on that?  I want to hear our takes on especially I was wondering, now that this ride is gone, I've watched a ride through this.
  But this is what's gone due to Nintendo.
  They took out the ride Madagascar, a crate adventure.
  Oh, wow.
 Really?  A crate.
 It's a crate adventure.
  What kind of a ride was it?  Well, I mean, a crate adventure, first off.
  But besides that, in terms of the vehicle you're on, is I assume a big crate, unless it's the famous Madagascar animals like King Julian.
  And don't ask me to name any more who are in big crates.
  I don't know much about it, but maybe we have to do it.
  Sure.
 Is that the one with the new?  No, what's the one with the cool Jurassic Park ride?  Is that China, I think Beijing with the rapids?  I think it's Beijing.
 No, no, no.
  Yeah, it's like kind of a transformer vehicle.
  But then there's also big animatronics, like there's a crazy giant T-Rex animatronic that chases you.
  Yeah.
 On the ride that looks insane.
  Yeah, that looks great.
  There's another one that is kind of a river adventure, but it's not a shoot to shoot.
  It's a rapids ride.
  Right, right.
  So, sure.
  So, hey, we'll look into that.
  But then, of course, come into Epic Universe as well in 2025.
  This is suddenly a crown jewel of the Universal Empire, beating even Waterworld,  beating the Fry's Electronics cars from NOPE, beating the Lucille Ball meet and greet.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I know.
 Where is she? Where does she go now?  She's been outshined by Princess Peach.
  I haven't seen her.
  That's why Jason's upset.
  Well, outshined by Hello Kitty.
  I mean, I've made my peace with Hello Kitty.
  She's a lot of fun.
  She's got lots of outfits.
  Oh, I like seeing that.
  Got a great attitude.
  When you walk in, because Hello Kitty's kind of right at the front of the park.
  So that's one of the first things you see.
  Yeah, she's got her own area.
  She's got a nice, like, wrought iron sign.
  Mm-hmm.
  Wrought iron?  It's like wrought iron with, like, the logo on top of it.
  I guess it is.
  It's funny.
  It's such an industrial way to describe it.
  She's got a chain link fence surrounding her.
  Not like an old fashioned kind of fence.
  I know what you're saying.
  I just haven't heard that term.
  She's in her Sunset Boulevard days.
  She's aging and paranoid and doesn't know the world doesn't love her anymore.
  Sunset Boulevard with Hello Kitty.
  I mean, that's pretty good.
  That's pretty funny.
  Mm-hmm.
  With an audience of one, like me.
  You and Donald Trump.
  Me and Donald, yeah.
  World's biggest Sunset Boulevard fan.
  Oh, yes.
  Yeah, that's come out.
  That's documented pretty well.
  Norman Desmond is no longer hot.
  He loves it.
  If he liked the sketch, he just wouldn't like the Hello Kitty.
  But he's never seen Hello Kitty in his life.
  Yeah.
  That's for wimps.
  Hello Kitty.
  But it just showed up here.
  It is newly open.
  Is it open to the public as people are hearing this in the Eversole?  Yeah, today it is.
  Today it is.
  Yeah, today it is officially open, yes.
  Wow, wow.
  So the dance of the cold opens and the technical rehearsals and the annual pass holder previews.
  You know, I'm a little upset that we're, I wish that we'd gotten the heads up about this,  that the big opening ceremony is live streaming.
  I saw it in an email essentially on the way here.
  That's at 8 p.
m.
  And we're going to be done by then.
  Or we sync right up.
  We just patch right into it.
  I don't know.
  Maybe.
  But, you know, I love dumb theme park opening ceremonies.
  Yeah.
  And we don't get to see this one.
  I don't know what the non-charismatic Universal Executive is going to speak.
  I don't know what stiff fireworks display will have that weird lag where there's the cue,  but people can't hear the cue right, so the fireworks are seven seconds late.
  I hope Mario's dad, Shigeru Miyamoto, is there.
  That's my, like, he's such a fun Stan Lee type personality.
  And that would be just him being there.
  He doesn't have to say anything.
  I don't know that he speaks English.
  I don't think he does.
  But just him being there would be fun, at least, after a speech of somebody who resembles Frank Marshall.
  Like, it doesn't have to be a Frank Marshall type, but somebody who looks like him.
  Yeah.
  Speaks, says something unmemorable.
  Well, that would be different from the last time there was a Frank Marshall event where he did not speak.
  Right.
  So that would actually be not in keeping.
  A little different, yeah.
  So he didn't speak at the premiere of the ride based on the movie he produced, but he is going, or someone like him is going to speak.
  I did say someone like him, so yeah.
  Marshall-esque.
  Yes.
  Hopefully.
  Fingers crossed.
  Yeah.
  But it's open.
  It's up and running.
  It's up and running.
  We've been watching the construction, literally watching the construction for some time because you can see it from the starway.
  You can't avoid it.
  You're descending down into it.
  Unlike Galaxy's Edge Ride forced people to watch the construction of it over many years by going to the top of the Mickey and Friends parking structure, this you can't avoid.
  As long as you're going down those escalators, you're seeing it.
  Uh-huh.
  And you are to go to Transformers, the finest ride ever made.
  Yeah, I raced to Transformers.
  I slide down the banister the whole way down to get to Transformers.
  Yeah, well after many attempts at asking, can you make the starway speed up?  Is there any, like, this is snail pace.
  This is unacceptable.
  Yeah.
  So it's going.
  They cratered the sound stages in order to make this happen.
  I was trying to remember the entire procedure.
  And this is the only hope we have for New Universal Stuff.
  Not the only hope, but it's one of the only moves they have, I feel, is to keep blowing up sound stages.
  Oh, yeah.
  They built some on top of what used to be like the Superstore store.
  They built some on the other end of the lot.
  Oh, right.
  They built new stages, which I say crater those already.
  Blow them up.
  Start expanding the theme park more.
  That way? That direction?  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The 2028 Olympics are already going to decimate this city in terms of pleasantness and traffic and guests.
  Uh-huh.
  The Olympics bring chaos and shit wherever they go.
  Uh-huh.
  Wait, so you're saying we need more theme park space to make up for that?  Oh, I wasn't even saying that.
  I was just saying.
  You're just saying something different.
  A lot of their mailers and stuff are like, oh, and we're building extra sound stages for coverage for our media and the world's media.
  For those Olympics that it's still questionable whether going to happen.
  It feels like there's always another graph news story about some shady LA weirdo.
  So you're saying destroy them now?  Yeah, destroy them now.
  Stop building those stages.
  Start building.
  Yeah.
  Stop building stages.
  Don't even put anything there.
  Just stop building.
  All right, got it.
  Yeah, you film all your TV and movies on green screens in the New York streets anyway.
  That's the stuff you need.
  So keep the New York streets, but demolish most sound stages.
  Oh, keep the New York streets.
  Okay.
  Yeah, keep these warehouses.
  You are just the controversy that you're starting on this podcast.
  I guess so.
  No Olympics coverage.
  We don't want you.
  Get your crews out of here.
  No jobs no longer available.
  That's what fuels this podcast is healthy debate.
  Big definitive viewpoints.
  And strong takes every minute or so.
  I think sometimes the issue is we'll meander before getting to a tip.
  We should be firing them off.
  We need to get in.
  That's how like 10 years in we'll know when there is a take twice a minute.
  Yeah.
  That's what we got to get to.
  Sure.
  We're building to it.
  And we renamed the show The Firing Range.
  There needs to be some podcast about theme parks that's more like cable news.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, the first theme park podcast distributed by Fox Nation.
  Yeah, finally.
  Finally.
  You know, we have video versions now.
  One is happening currently.
  You can watch this one on YouTube.
  And we're in our little windows.
  And I like that.
  But what we don't have is the list.
  There's not like a rundown.
  Right.
  Which I think would help people, you know, and it would help.
  You know, these things go for 90 minutes or more.
  This is the way to get the podcast to seven.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, just like at next Olympics.
  Hey, I'm bad.
  Mario Land mid next.
  Coke Starlight.
  Perfect.
  Perfect.
  No, no.
  Haven't tried the new one.
  There's a third one in the line.
  There's a Pepsi that has Peeps flavor now that I tried.
  I think you were.
  Were you drinking that on Zoom the other day?  I was on our episode or Dick Tracy Patreon episode.
  I knew I was drinking Peeps Pepsi and Jason knew he had a little smile on his face.
  And I knew he noticed.
  And I know because we had a lot of Dick Tracy to talk about that he was being polite and didn't say it because it would have derailed the whole thing because we had limited amount of time.
  But every time I sipped, I tried to sip so the label was off camera on a zoom.
  And I would look down and Jason's little box and I would see like a little smile because I knew you were cheating it off.
  He knew he knew what was going on.
  And he knew because of text or he knew because he recognized the periphery of the Peeps Pepsi.
  Well, you bought it.
  I sent him a text with minutes later, clearly texted me to show me the label.
  Yeah, well, I got the same day.
  I think it was the day before I had sent you a picture of the bottle.
  And then a day later, I think.
  How is it?  It's not as good as Coke Starlight, but I like it.
  But don't drink the whole thing.
  Split it.
  Yeah, it's a little novelty.
  But so to move it to my scale, it's not as good as the thing that is shitty.
  You had the zero sugar.
  We got you the zero.
  You would like the other one.
  But we're zero sugar boys.
  You know, I don't.
  But what I have?  I don't know.
  I mean, I hate this.
  I hate the diet.
  I hate this.
  This is pertain, whatever.
  That's true.
  I'm drinking ice tea right now.
  You'd be OK with just a yes, I have those all the time.
  But there's no I'm sorry.
  There's no comical.
  You didn't grind up any Sour Patch Kids into that.
  There's no Sour Patch Kids.
  There's no sprinkles.
  You can put a bunch of Starbucks will let you put a bunch of like like thick sugar strawberries  in any drink.
  Have you ever done that?  No, I knew it was an option in a black coffee.
  I believe you can.
  Maybe not a black coffee, but almost everything I've seen has the option to put just a bunch  of sweet strawberries as if they're from a Sunday or something.
  Here's a question.
  Are you more likely to get your strawberries mixed up into your black coffee if you order  via the app and then it's just like, well, fill in orders or do you need to do it in  person and make an emotional plea?  Well, if it's an option, most what mobile ordering has done for me in general with fast  food and with like Starbucks has erased the shame of special ordering things because  somebody can't scoff at your request, which it might be ridiculous.
  So I would almost never do a ridiculous request in person.
  Yeah, almost never.
  I would probably do here and there, but no, I don't think I would ever ask for strawberries  and black coffee in person, but I will like a coward requested on the app.
  I'm curious.
  I can see if it works.
  Listener, if you feel like trying it, you know what?  And I think I know the star system is changing right now.
  We're in flux currently.
  But if you've got stars, you don't spend money on it.
  But if you want to burn stars on seeing if they'll put a bunch of strawberries in your  black coffee, let us know.
  Tag us.
  Let us know.
  Or maybe we discover a great drink that way.
  Oddly, it's what unlocks the full possibilities of Starbucks.
  Right.
  Yeah, we will see.
  Trying it right now.
  We keep people Google.
  Right.
  Wait, are you going to leave and go to a star?  No, I'm not going to go get it.
  Are you going to get delivery?  Yeah, I'll do.
  I'll have a delivery.
  Just go through some doors and then go through other doors.
  Ignore the light that says recording right now.
  You are welcome in.
  You the driver with the strawberry coffee.
  All right, I'll figure it out.
  You can add a lot of stuff, though.
  A lot of options.
  OK, so they've been building this forever.
  As far as Universal is concerned, it is a massive footprint.
  They have like they're shifting everything.
  Like all their sound stages were over here.
  Now they're over here.
  We're changing everything to get Mario in there.
  And now it's up and running.
  I think right away it was I think a concern that we had.
  And I think a little bit confirmed is it is still a little small.
  It is still a little small.
  Even though they had to blow up a massive chunk of space bar.
  So OK, here's what I'll say.
  I'm not I'm not trying to erase this thing of what Jason said.
  This is how I feel.
  So I think they were going for the like the craziest best realization of a cartoon world in a theme park outside as a land.
  I think would you agree that it's by far of any like Toontown or like the Little Mermaid area of Tokyo Disney Sea.
  There is nothing that beats this as far as taking what's an animated land and showing it to you on a scope and scale you've never seen before.
  It looks amazing.
  Unbelieveable.
  It looks amazing.
  Right.
  Until you put some people in there.
  Well, that's yes.
  Hold on.
  That's that's certainly we'll get there.
  But I like when they were deciding how to do it like Galaxy's Edge is so big and obviously it has different parts and there's different moods.
  But you can't maintain the level of like detail and something like with Nintendo in that size.
  I don't think I think the budget would like quadruple.
  It was a much bigger footprint.
  Yeah.
  The energy use alone for like the the camera brother the Goomba bouncing back and forth every day.
  Uh huh.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah.
  You would get pretty exhausted if there was five times more of that.
  So everywhere.
  That's a very good point.
  So yeah.
  So it's so yeah.
  As soon as we were there I was like oh this feels like the crazy.
  I've never been in a place that more realized my kid dream of being inside the cartoon or the video game.
  It's never happened.
  Like there's never been a time like maybe if I went to Toontown as a kid but Toontown in your mind has shit like planes are crashing and there's silly stuff going on and it can't quite realize.
  That's a good point.
  It never quite realized running around.
  Right.
  And if somehow you're listening to this and you haven't seen pictures or video the main I feel like the main thing about it is just every character every villain going back and forth.
  There's coin spinning.
  Yes.
  Thwomps thwomping.
  A plus as far as like giving you even the feeling of immediately you have the feeling of the Mario game.
  It's not a specific Mario game.
  It's got a lot of elements from different Mario games.
  It's kind of got the same sort of when then some of the 3D Mario games where you start a level and you look up and there's some sort of big thing you sort of have to climb and finish or complete and it looks like a very daunting task but also fun.
  It does all of this is all a plus like there's no better other than maybe Diagon Alley which I don't have an emotional connection to but think it's an amazing looking place.
  Sure.
  Nothing is nothing can beat this view being there in person.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  A huge moment I think and a moment I think any listener will have when you when you go in person.
  The moment of going through that pipe, which when you enter the pipe.
  It's just a little like outdoor lobby right well you're yes as Super Nintendo World and it's still kind of playing and you're still next to like whatever boring restaurant and the Transformers ride photo op.
  Yeah, you can do and there's a spot for there to hold your phone you know.
  Uh huh.
  And then you go through the pipe with like wonderful swirling LED lights of every color.
  I love that they had to answer what's in a pipe.
  Yes.
  I know that was something in Japan and there I think I think it's different types of light.
  That's more like white streaks but here it's a multicolored thing and it looks very cool and you go through that pipe and then you land looking up at is it Mount Beanpole.
  Yes.
  And just taking in the whole land in general.
  Yes.
  Can I walk you back?  Yeah, absolutely.
  Because you go in and you basically end up in like Princess's Castle from Mario 64.
  Which if you've played Mario 64 when you go into the castle there's these big pictures on the wall which is where you go through to different levels.
  Oh, okay.
  So when you end up outside the pipe you end up in like a little that little like foyer area which is basically like the castle there which is the big photos of like the bomb-ombs and some I forget.
  Do they change?  They change as well.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it's like you're already like in the game there and then you leave the castle part.
  Yes.
  And see what you're talking about.
  That's a good point.
  I skipped past the yeah yeah.
  The little castle zone is very neat.
  But just how the how great a job they do at funneling that view and hiding as much as they can.
  I know you see it on the escalator down.
  Yeah.
  But being immersed in it that it's pretty much that moment when you step out of the castle and it's huge.
  I think the people like the employees there are just going to see awe at that moment.
  Yes.
  All day every day.
  It's I think an instantly great theme park aesthetic moment, a big wow moment that I think will last for first time visitors for us.
  And in terms of like I would say visual wow has never been the appeal for Universal Studios.
  Right.
  In general.
  Until Harry Potter.
  Until Harry Potter.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And in Hollywood specifically where there's a lot of fun things but it's usually like sound stages, functional buildings.
  There's not a lot of height.
  You know what I mean?  Like maybe Universal wide besides Islands of Adventure.
  Universal is wide, not tall.
  Yeah.
  In general.
  That's a good way to put it.
  Now they're tall.
  We're getting tall.
  Harry Potter tall.
  Castle tall.
  Right.
  Mount Beanpole tall.
  Yeah.
  It's very exciting.
  Yes.
  Now to both of your points, once you're there it is a little bit like being at like one of those bars where they don't have like tables and seats.
  It's all high like a high table.
  And you're all just like where am I supposed to stand?  It's kind of crowded in here.
  I just kind of want to stand at the I want to kind of sit down.
  Can I sit down?  Oh, okay.
  I'll lean against this table I guess.
  Yeah.
  And it's like it's really.
  It doesn't feel right.
  Like is this okay?  Am I allowed to be here?  Right.
  It's like almost like you should it's almost like the land should just be this crazy walkthrough attraction.
  You just walk through.
  Now we should also say this is these are the first you know so many days of this being open.
  Yeah.
  It's still rehearsals.
  It certainly makes it more crowded and people aren't used to it.
  Absolutely.
  And the crowd flow and.
  I think these annual we went to Mike and I went together with Aaron and our friend Andrew Gissam Jason went with Jane a few days prior I believe.
  Yeah.
  And it was these annual pass holder preview events which I think they had a lot of work to do.
  This isn't this isn't the kind of thing Universal's done a lot.
  Disney I think has done a lot.
  And they still end up kind of like crowded and annoying.
  Yeah.
  I believe the first day of it was so crazy that they like apologized and sent an email to everyone and said come back.
  We'd like to offer you another chance to check which to their credit.
  Sure.
  Good to do.
  Yeah.
  But it just shows you like because we saw videos I think Julia Prescott it seemed like just Bales didn't go in.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it seemed crazy.
  They I know when we were there checking in I think they had already added there was like two slots where you could go in the morning or in the afternoon and they had added a third slot.
  So they basically were like shouting at people like if you want to go to the third one.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh it was like you could have changed being willing to move to a different.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They were doing airport maneuver.
  We've overbooked the Mari that Mario land.
  We will give you if anyone's willing to go at a later time we will give you 500 coins if anyone.
  Did you guys let me ask when you picked up your wristbands for these previews did you do it in that sort of little park area across from the security entrance or did you do it inside the park.
  No it was outside the park.
  It was the weird unthemed grass next to that was the saddle ranch and.
  Okay.
  And bomb pumpers.
  Okay.
  I meant to take a picture because I we looked at we went in the first group of the day and after seeing Julia's lines footage I was like what time we get there early and I thought the park open at night it actually open at 10 so we got there at 930 and they're already  giving them out and letting people in the park which this all worked out for us because they're like well your time's at 11 but the park opens at 10 and the land opens at 10 so you can just go down there.
  Okay.
  But the the picture like the visual picture of walking in to get the wristbands and there was just like dozens and dozens of metal stanchion like dozens and dozens of like places for like a million wraparound lines totally empty was so weird and haunting a weird music festival like yeah.
  Yeah.
  Something or yes they fair yes.
  Now we were there early enough I didn't have to wait that we walked right up to the tables.
  Yeah.
  We didn't have to wait.
  Yeah.
  It was fun to get on that grass.
  Yeah.
  It was nice to see that you don't get to see that grass very often.
  It's wonderful and what a great addition to a theme park than just an open plot of wonderful relaxing grass.
  You should have brought your son for the grass and then taking it back.
  Maybe you are not good father because you did not take son to see grass.
  You should have taken a photo.
  We should go back and take a photo of the grass and then compare it to Disney's grass on Twitter and see what happens.
  Well I did ignite a firestorm.
  Yeah.
  I might not be here.
  I think the grass that would have come to my house and burn my house down.
  I think the grass that we waited on was real grass.
  I think so.
  I think so.
  You gotta give it using fake.
  You gotta give it points for that.
  But the landscaping is not quite there.
  I was noting there were just weird like it just turns into dirt.
  Dirt pads.
  There were.
  Yeah.
  There was for sure dirt.
  Yeah.
  Why is this there?  Why did they get rid of Saddle Ranch?  That is my question.
  Yes.
  I wonder that too.
  I was like why is this just sitting here?  I thought that was going to be toothsome.
  That's what the rumor was for many years it was going to be toothsome.
  There is a rumor too of a Nintendo store.
  That was a rumor too.
  There was doodles.
  Yes.
  Concept art.
  So they must have at a certain point thought that they were going to put something there but maybe they felt like there's just they're going to need more infrastructure for the whole.
  Like entrance way.
  I don't know.
  When you said there was doodles I thought was there an announcement of like some themed bar called doodles.
  Oh man.
  You know we would have been at doodles opening day.
  That reminds me of that clip that goes circulates once in a while where Jack Nicholson says they used to hang out at a coffee shop named Poopies.
  You ever seen that?  No.
  You've seen that?  I have seen that.
  Did you see the excerpt this week?  Someone found an old interview with him where like you know.
  I don't know.
  He was shooting about Schmidt and rented a house I think in Omaha and they're like the media saw you walking around the house naked.
  He was like it was two in the morning.
  I was just going down for my slice of pie and they're like does this happen often?  He's like well sometimes.
  Sometimes it's sherbet you know.
  And your heart grew two sizes.
  Oh yeah.
  For Jack.
  I mean look he already won my affection spilling all that chili on a basketball court.
  Well and of course the famous hoagie shot.
  The hoagie oh yeah.
  If you want just Google Jack Nicholson hoagie and you'll see the greatest photo ever taken.
  He's in a boat and we've talked about this with an episode with Marissa Strickland I think.
  It's because once in a while I'll just texture that photo Jack in the boat with a hoagie.
  Isn't the chili fake?  I think that's an onion thing.
  I think this was gone through.
  Is that fake?  On double thread on fellow.
  I might have fallen for it.
  Yeah I believe so.
  I believe chili.
  In good combat.
  Sharpling I think thought the same thing.
  And he really beat himself up I think over being fooled by it.
  Feel free to beat yourself up.
  Oh that's fine.
  I do that enough.
  But the hoagie thing is real.
  Yeah the hoagie thing is real.
  I'll bet everything.
  Don't know about hoagie.
  What happened with the hoagie?  Just Jack Nicholson hoagie.
  Look it up and he's in a boat.
  Oh we've discussed this before.
  And there's a great photo too in that.
  It's all like paparazzi photos so it's you know not.
  He didn't want those photos probably.
  And which though that I'm talking about.
  But you don't have to do it.
  People will Google it.
  There's a great one though where he's in the water with a cigarette.
  Which is really great.
  Oh yeah I'm looking at it right now.
  Yep.
  But anyway.
  Living his best life.
  I would like to see Wario doing all of the same things.
  Wario should smoke cigarettes.
  That would be a bold move.
  Yes.
  Spray it back.
  We are so moralist about this in the Disney universe.
  But I don't know if Universal is weighed in.
  No.
  It's time.
  Look he's not in the land yet that I saw.
  Not prominently.
  Maybe there's Easter eggs or something.
  My man is not in the land.
  That is one of my gripes.
  That's my guy Wario.
  But if you introduce him in the land with a pack of what you could call him like Koopa blues.
  Like Camo blues.
  You know.
  Oh right.
  Cigarettes.
  And then sell them.
  And then sell cigarettes.
  And then sell cigarettes.
  Look sell cigarettes okay.
  You're trying to get one up on Nintendo.
  Look it's all about you know we're trying to feed people into these power bands and  whatever.
  You don't even have to check IDs.
  You punch the ID info into this power band you know.
  And then all your coins go straight to cigarettes.
  That's right.
  Yep.
  The picture is awesome.
  I'm not going to do that but that's cool.
  Standing out on a sandbar smoking a parliament you know.
  They I've complained before on the show about the toy the Krusty the Clown toy that Disney  pulled the cigarette from him.
  This one I think is an actual five timer.
  I think this I think you are.
  I think I did the five times in like two weeks.
  Yeah there was an intense run where cigarettes.
  But it's been I haven't said it in three months.
  We've had a break.
  Yes it's been a nice break.
  But what I'll say this is a Viacom let my Ninja Turtle ace duck have a big cigar which  is great.
  So I but I don't know who was who was asleep at the wheel there because you would think  that they had any sort of crack team at Viacom is very aware of everything going on in its  busy empire.
  There's not a cigarette lawyer at Viacom.
  I think that's what we've learned here is that there's not a there's just there's a  Disney watchdog.
  Cigarette lawyer.
  And there's not a Viacom.
  I'm not sure Viacom has like presidents for all their networks.
  I think that they might there there might be a lot of holes empire possible.
  Sumner Redstone was in charge of it I think.
  But he passed away.
  So I'm in charge of looking for cigarettes and saying put more in.
  Why doesn't the Paw Patrol smoke cigarettes.
  Put them in tights.
  The Paw Patrol smoke cigarettes.
  Put them in diapers.
  I asked that he would not know the name of the Paw Patrol.
  Why don't those why don't dumb dogs smoke cigarettes.
  Stupid dogs.
  Surfing the last time the show is not called Dumb Dogs.
  It should be called that.
  God Dumb Smoking Dogs and make them cough.
  Oh Sumner.
  There's a new book that showed up at my I've never of I faster ordered a book from the  writer of the book Disney War.
  Really.
  Wow.
  We're hitting Viacom.
  We're hitting Sumner.
  Maybe we all got to read it.
  We got to do.
  OK.
  Sure.
  Sumner dive.
  We have to do a full.
  The first chapter is where I knew I was going to click by.
  But then I saw the first chapter is about the electric Barbarellas.
  The band that he made a reality show of with his girlfriend.
  Number one.
  That's the first chapter.
  We start with electric Barbarellas.
  Oh we got to do it.
  The first reality show that no MTV executive wanted to put on.
  Is there any sort of loose theme park framing for the Patreon episode of this or no?  I don't look.
  I think it is key that we've developed the guy.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh good.
  Good.
  Great.
  And we look and we know he dealt with discovery zones in his lifetime.
  There may be.
  If I see the word theme park if I see the word park in it and turns out to be that he parked  his car somewhere and made somebody rub his toes.
  That counts.
  Park is enough.
  We're doing it up.
  We're doing Sumner.
  Okay.
  So it's a heck of a wow when you go in.
  Aesthetically we were saying how and I think we knew the vibe of it already.
  I had not spoiled.
  You would know what the Mario Kart ride was or anything.
  But I've seen just pictures of the vibe from Japan.
  And like you were saying Mike and I've said a little while back there's no way to screw  up the estate.
  I mean there's a way.
  But they sure they did not.
  It is a great like combining.
  It's like the average of Mario.
  Yes.
  It is neither one game nor another more than the other.
  Right.
  It's just like perfectly.
  Well that is pretty classic Mario what they figured out.
  Yeah.
  I mean and then Galaxy's Edge was sort of trying to do that.
  But obviously the iconography of a Mario game is so much more I don't know vibrant vibrant  and bright and not specific.
  But yeah it's it's it's so much easier to sort of do a combination of whatever 30 plus  years of Mario and put it into something that looks right.
  No matter what your era of Mario is it looks right.
  Right.
  And very consistent kind of a protected guarded intellectual property.
  I feel like after that movie in the 90s.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That was the word.
  It was like they sort of let a lot of different you know people try their hand at making  Nintendo properties and then the movie showed up.
  And then Nintendo was like whoa whoa whoa.
  And that's why it's taken this long to have another Mario movie.
  Geez.
  Is that Dave I think they got very protective.
  Yeah because it's such a no brainer such a popular character you would have thought that  they would have gotten to it at least before Sonic did.
  Yeah.
  But yeah I think that that that movie delayed our proper Mario movie by decades.
  And it got it out of our childhoods.
  This one coming out might be fine but it's not in our childhood where we would have loved  it no matter what.
  Because it's not coming out in our childhood we will probably be judging it no matter what.
  Oh I saw the first Mario movie opening weekend for sure with my dad and brother and liked  it.
  OK.
  Wasn't quite sure why everything looked like a Robo cop.
  But you know they eventually put the overalls and the colored shirts on and did a little  jumping at the end.
  I didn't.
  Close enough.
  They got to it.
  Barely.
  I would not have said I didn't like it when I saw the movie but I didn't like it.
  I made me uncomfortable the whole movie.
  Like I just did.
  Did you see it in the theater at the time.
  It is the first movie I ever saw twice.
  Oh wow.
  I really liked the Mario.
  That's the weird thing.
  And now I recognize that it's insane and it does it doesn't hold up if you believe it.
  I have it.
  I bought it for three dollars six months ago.
  I have not revisited it.
  Truly have not given it much thought over the years.
  You know.
  So yeah.
  So do you know how dear you guys aware of the way that and Jason specifically are you  aware that the Super Mario live action movie destroys the Twin Towers in a way that is  remarkably similar to 9 11.
  Wow.
  There is a frame of that meant to look it up.
  Maybe it's probably good to not have it.
  Yeah don't don't.
  Oh don't.
  There's a.
  That's not a saying do it either.
  Don't not pull this up.
  No it's insane.
  It's like at some point you come back to the real world and there's been havoc wreaked  by whatever is going on in the Mushroom Kingdom and the havoc includes that the Twin Towers  are on fire.
  Those were in the Mario Brothers movie very much like a landmark like the Eiffel Tower  of like oh aliens have attacked a big monster is attacked like that was a it's like all  right we're either going to blow up the Statue of Liberty or blow up the skyscraper like  Empire State Building or World Trade Center.
  It's kind of incredible that Independence Day was not it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And they did I said I've complained about this before they blow Chicago up off camera.
  Oh.
  So as a kid living right near Chicago it was like oh we're going to get to Chicago.
  We see Chicago destroyed.
  You assume that the pace of the movie was going to be like and now the next three or  the next three big cities.
  I haven't read Save the Cat yet.
  OK.
  I didn't know the three act structure.
  I didn't know how to keep the movie going.
  I didn't know that we needed to see more emotional arcs.
  So yes I thought maybe there's another hour of city destruction.
  Oh they're at the St.
 Louis Arch.
  I didn't know.
  Yeah I thought maybe this is what's going to happen for the next hour and a half.
  And I was fine with it.
  I'm curious if anyone else was jealous that your city was not represented in the  United States.
  I said the rule I always remember is if you think it there's at least one to 50 people  that also had the same thought.
  That's sort of just how I sometimes when I'm having weird thoughts intrusive thoughts  I go you know what.
  There's other people thinking the same thing and it makes me feel better.
  So I believe that this applies to somebody who watched Independence Day in Chicago.
  When they were my age and were jealous would have been scared to see very scary destroyed  but I wish they could have experienced that.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And probably there's been another podcaster who has hidden the logo of their peep Pepsi  in order to keep the episode on track.
  I.
  OK wait a minute.
  That's not a thought that's an oh look at that can.
  Look at it.
  I don't think that I don't think that counts.
  I have more it was a bottle.
  Now actions different than thoughts.
  So what are you arguing.
  I don't know.
  You can't.
  I'm an original my actions are just me.
  So my I'm very unique when it comes to hiding the peeps branded Pepsi on a zoom about Dick Tracy's Warren  Beatty's Dick Tracy's special to keep the rights.
  I'm confused why you wanted to have company in in being jealous of Chicago not being blown up.
  But you want to be alone in hiding peeps Pepsi.
  You're very forceful about it.
  No no no.
  That's what he's ever done.
  It was ever.
  And if anybody ever does it I guess you got to have there you got to have things that are yours.
  Yeah you got to do.
  Yes yes you do have to do have things that are yours.
  Look sometimes life's a contradiction as well.
  You got to remember that that makes me feel better as well.
  I'll be the first to cover up this coconut LaCroix so that it just says nut.
  And then you're thinking what is this.
  He drinking peanut soda.
  This guy crazy walnut.
  I'm not so walnut.
  You're thinking I'm weird for drinking peeps Pepsi and you're well you're drinking walnut LaCroix.
  Jason would you eat a would you drink a nut water.
  What kind I guess.
  A peanut water.
  Oh maybe.
  Walnut water.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Cashew water.
  I don't know why I asked what kind.
  I like all nuts.
  Well I like all nuts too but I don't think a water based on nuts.
  Or based on nut flavor is necessarily going to be.
  Maybe there is such a thing though.
  The peanut obviously makes the most sense just because it's like a flavor universally loved and put into many different types of food.
  So but I don't know I'll try it.
  Give me a walnut water.
  But they might have it like forever dog has kind of odd flavors I will say.
  So it could be in there right now.
  Sure.
  We'll check on the way we'll start recording again if we find walnut LaCroix for real.
  When we do zoom episodes Mike is for sure shirtless like that slamming the Pepsi peeps.
  Oh yeah that's right.
  Hovering and water.
  You got your waterproof set up with a bag over it.
  That's right.
  So so you're in Super Nintendo land and you're like wow this is great.
  Is there a place to chill out.
  The answer is no.
  The answer is no.
  No it is not.
  It is not a particularly chill place.
  And this this presented some challenges just given the state of mind my wife and I have been in it was a nice day out it was a nice escape from what's been going on at home which is potty training.
  Yeah it's been fine.
  It's had its ups and downs.
  So it's had some downs.
  But you know basically what it's meant is we're at home more often because you can't go out right as much and being at home more often than this list to do.
  So there's a lot of claptrap shows on like I just complained about the show Leo the truck Leo the truck is something I cannot wait to get this kid off of Leo your child loves Leo the Leo the truck.
  You can demand these things.
  Lifty and scoop these this song.
  Dear God I think it's if I'm inarticulate in episodes ever it's because Leo the truck is rotting my brain.
  Do you think a Leo the truck land could be good though.
  No.
  No really.
  Wow.
  Maybe that's just the state of maybe I'll get maybe I'll get a more open frame of mind on Leo the truck.
  All right.
  When potty training is done.
  With a take like that we'll see if the Leo the truck people invite us to anything going forward.
  If there were Leo people I might be concerned about that.
  Anyway it's been just a lot of like claptrap shows on and we're like oh my God we're out we get to do something else out and then we get into this land which is very packed.
  Yeah.
  And a big big thing of the land is that as it should be there's coin boxes there's the coin boxes and if you have the band you can light up the coins and play games with them and collect coins.
  But boy after the week it had been especially for Aaron just like all right now let's go have some fun ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding.
  It was bonkers.
  I mean there was a there was a Vegas thing about it.
  Yes.
  In terms of like so much stimulus packed into a RIVERIS~)  small place which is cool.
  Yes.
  I just might I might say.
  Can we turn the volume down of the coins?  Does it have to because you're like you're everywhere trying to like okay so do we have time to make the restaurant reservations at 12-40?  Ding-ding-ding ding-ding-ding like I think we just make it for the people who are collecting the coins because they're the ones who are excited.
  I don't mean to say I'm not excited for them they should have all the coins they want.
  Yeah.
  I just don't need to be in on the coin gathering process.
  I gotta say I'm not excited for them.
  I you know I was loving it for a second like I was like oh the music the coin it's such a soothing sound.
  And then after you hear it dozens of times in the span of five minutes when you're like oh look there's a little ledge.
  There's a little ledge on that thing we can sit on.
  Mm-hmm.
  I found something.
  I found an area to seat to be seated.
  Collect ourselves and figure out where we're going and it's very quickly here like where we're going is anywhere else like anywhere.
  The way these past or previous have been and I think they will be this way for a little bit it's kind of Galaxy's Edge-esque in that like you'll have your window of time.
  It was only two hours that you could experience all the things and then you can't get into the ride or the restaurant or the experiences with your given wristband.
  Right.
  Once the two hours is done.
  But I would say the two hours was plenty.
  This might be a place to come and go.
  Well right.
  When it's possible.
  Right.
  Especially when it's crowded.
  I will say this when I was alone we'll get to why I was alone in a little bit.
  But when I was alone I remembered that there are there's a company I just mentioned Super 7.
  They have some toys that have just come out that are Ninja Turtles that glow in the dark.
  These are hard to get because you had to preorder them and I decided I don't think I really want them.
  They came out.
  I got FOMO as they say fear of missing out.
  I got jealous and I go you know what I'm going to be in San Diego soon.
  I'm going to call the store and the Super 7 store in San Diego.
  The guy tells me you know what call on Saturday and we can preorder and I go OK great.
  I forgot to do this.
  I did this in Super Nintendo land.
  Oh I call the phone on the phone.
  I explain what's going on.
  You may you did personal business.
  I did personal business in the loudest land and I tried I was going all over trying to find a place that was quiet.
  I was unsuccessful.
  I thought I kind of got in a little nook like that was sort of a quieter.
  I explained oh yeah.
  I'm the guy with maybe was the same person I talked to via Instagram.
  He goes oh yeah.
  One second.
  And then there was a couple of like beats and he goes hey you playing Mario bro.
  Is your console breaking.
  What is going on back there.
  And I go I'm actually inside Mario right now.
  I'm inside the game.
  I'm in the Universal Studios and goes oh it's kind of loud.
  And I was like trying to cover that because I was very aware of a lot of it.
  I cover the phone.
  Now that's not necessarily the lands fault but that's just to give you a you know that's that's to illustrate the point of this is a very loud land and you can not have the guy who you're calling to preorder your glow in the dark Ninja Turtles know that you are in Super Nintendo World.
  Well I tried to prevent it.
  But ultimately look this guy's working a Super 7 store.
  Yeah it's one of the people I'd be the least self conscious about explaining where I am on a Saturday.
  Why did it have to happen in that moment.
  Because he said call around noon.
  And I was worried that somebody would buy them all.
  That's part of FOMO.
  That's part of the phone.
  I don't know how many they have in store.
  This is part of being a toy clay.
  This is the neuroses of being a toy.
  So when he said noon and you've had noon as your scheduled date.
  It took me like an hour.
  I forgot and I called later.
  Geez wow.
  You forgot.
  So then you're extra like yes I am going to this is every toy.
  He's going to say these toys will never be remade.
  You lost your chance.
  Then a prison gate would have slammed on the phone.
  That's right.
  That's what happens to those toys.
  You never know.
  Is this what we're looking at?  Oh well I think I have that but that's not the one I'm talking about.
  I'm talking about the turtle brothers themselves.
  What was that?  That was a glow in the dark mutagen man.
  Which you can get on a pretty good discount right now.
  It's a super 7 toy but you can get that for like 20 something 25 bucks.
  It's great.
  We'll do it.
  But after everybody hears this they're going to be gone.
  Well there's going to be a run on the mutagen man I know.
  Pretty soon.
  Okay so it's not a place to do business.
  Not a place to do business.
  It's a place to collect coins but not a place to make business calls and collect real world coins.
  Collect coins you will not be able to collect yourself.
  It's a lot and especially the more crowded.
  And the fact that these power bands aren't the most accurate.
  For every time you slam the thing or gently tap the thing.
  I shouldn't say slam.
  Obviously it wouldn't be accurate if I was slamming into it.
  But you're trying to do the Mario like punch up.
  If you do it three times you'll hit it.
  It'll register once.
  You know.
  I think it's funny that you did like a like a tsk tsk like a skull jester while holding a bright orange band with a flower on it.
  Sometimes.
  Oh yeah.
  It's a daisy brand.
  Not so good.
  Not so good.
  And so yeah.
  Also did you guys get one of these?  We did not do the bands.
  And this is a whole here.
  Let me let me put some stuff in bounds and not in bounds.
  Sure.
  If you're wondering if this this pace that we're going for I notice that they are not barreling to the Mario Kart.
  Mario Kart its own episode.
  We will be doing that as its own thing.
  The three of us are going back to the land in the near future.
  And when we do that we might collect some other things we can talk about at that time.
  Right.
  But so yeah Mike and I are not prepared to talk about bands.
  But you talk makes Jason the band expert for the time being.
  He has a band with him now.
  We got one band when we were checking in.
  You were sharing a band.
  We were sharing a band.
  Band share.
  Let me ask.
  It's daisy.
  Yeah.
  Let me ask.
  Did you pick it or did Jane pick it?  Jane picked it.
  Is she a daisy fan or did she like the colors?  She liked the colors and she double checked the character and she's like oh I like her vibe.
  I like her thing.
  So these are you know when Disney rolled out the magic bands they they went to great pay  they went to great pains of like oh we spent a lot of money testing these and designing these and stuff.
  Little less money spent on this because it it's a little it's like a snap bracelet with a very heavy middle.
  And it has a tendency as you're like you know throwing your arms around and stuff it tends to like curve like this.
  Can I see it?  Yeah.
  And it doesn't really stay on.
  For a second there you I swear you went into your Andy Rooney impression just for like a half second.
  That was what I thought when he was when he was wagging it.
  That I completely thought it was.
  It's like a snap.
  I mean at $40 a head you know a $40 a band for like.
  Is it 40?  I thought it was less than that.
  Is it?  It was 40.
  Yeah.
  Really?  Wow.
  I will say this.
  No annual pass holder discounts.
  Discounts on the food not on the band.
  Oh there is on the food.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I will say I do like the because the Disney World magic bands are not snap bracelet like  with a magnet they're more right am I wrong or maybe the new ones are?  It's more like a watch band.
  I do like that.
  I do like this in general.
  It's kind of fun to wear but it's maybe maybe it curls up a little bit too much.
  Oh it's got a little eyes too.
  Yeah it's got little eyes like it's cute it's just not the most practical.
  I mean as an add on it does it can you can use it as an amiibo which I only partially understand.
  Oh you can?  Yeah I think you can too.
  What does that mean?  Amiibos are like those little toys that sort of can unlock certain things for different  games.
  I actually don't have one although I was thinking about getting this out for the new Zelda game  that comes out in May but they can unlock certain things in the game and they're fun  little collectible things.
  Listener you're going to want to be watching this on YouTube to watch me punch in and going  up and down.
  Jason were you and Jane.
  I like it.
  I like that there's a little bit of like weight to it.
  Yeah a little heft.
  Jason were you and Jane wearing it together over one or two weeks.
  No no we were passing it back and forth.
  Like escaped prisoners but in a cute way.
  Yeah yeah.
  Same Shane Gang members.
  Look folks that's just what a relationship is sometimes you're just escaped prisoners  wearing, sharing a power up band.
  Daisy power up band.
  Sharing the Daisy power up band.
  Yeah no so I but I saw the ordinary adventures videos about this too.
  Like Peter was testing it out and went flying off his his wrist.
  Wow so it could hit someone in the head.
  Yeah there's like vinyl kind of like a watch band.
  So they were like oh you can buy these vinyl bands on Amazon and that'll keep it more securely  on your wrist.
  Interesting.
  Do you have to buy helper bands?  Yeah you have to buy aftermarket parts.
  Third party.
  Third party yeah.
  It's not official universal.
  I'm interested in that.
  This sets it up an interesting thing where I'm going to get the band.
  I'm going to get a band and I'm going to try.
  See how I find.
  Yeah we'll do a band next time.
  So yeah we'll check in on the Mario Kart up.
  We will check in with the bands.
  Well I'll keep my thoughts to myself until that episode.
  You could share.
  Well alright I'll say a little band stuff.
  People are going to want to hear it.
  I mean there's a leaderboard.
  You can kind of check in on your points and stuff in a few spots.
  There's a lot of M's symbols throughout the land that you can tap stuff and get.
  I think you get you get coins you get power ups you get stamps.
  What is the reward ultimately of coins?  Oh it's just graphics in the app.
  This is all within the Super Nintendo tab on the the universal Hollywood app.
  Jane could not get it to correctly scan on the Mario Kart wheels.
  So we'll have to see if we can.
  Oh it does something on the wheel in the ride.
  It adds up your coins on that as well.
  Yeah.
  Oh right.
  You get coins on the ride.
  But a lot of it is for like playing what I have seen called mini games.
  Basically tap games.
  You have to get like three certain coins to do the Bowser Jr.
 kind of mini game.
  I believe it is keys.
  Oh it's keys.
  Sorry.
  Yes.
  But they look like coins.
  They're keys that look like coins.
  And there's coins.
  Coins are different.
  Coins are different than keys.
  Coins are different than keys.
  Yeah.
  So we did not do that.
  We were wandering in and out of rooms like where you could tap stuff.
  Yeah.
  We went in those rooms.
  We saw some of those rooms.
  You can hit the POW blocks.
  That was fun.
  Yeah.
  All this stuff again.
  Children would be going crazy for all this.
  Children would be going crazy.
  But you can kind of tell people are getting a little a little tired a little overwhelmed with all the crowds and everyone trying to like slap the wall and slap the bricks.
  Yes.
  It is a it is a I'm trying to think there's like if all the kids in there are completely stimulated to go nuts and hit all the blocks in addition to the noise in addition to the no ability to sit down.
  It's like a recipe for just being getting tired.
  Yeah.
  And I suppose maybe that for the parents and the adults maybe the cramp crampness in the crowds.
  Maybe that is why there is no alcohol for sale in the land.
  No alcohol.
  But people brought we saw people bring beers from Jurassic Park or whatever that party.
  Yeah.
  My tie or like a tall boy white cloth.
  That's maybe already a hack.
  We already have an early podcast the right hack for mom and dad.
  You can bring alcohol that is of a different IP.
  Right.
  Bring Jurassic World alcohol right into you can mix IP.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Sometimes there are blue moons in Mario world various Mario worlds and you can also carry a blue moon into this world.
  Yeah.
  But I do feel disappointed by the lack of Mario alcohol certainly especially because generally aesthetically you were like boy I could use a drink.
  I never before have I needed a drink so bad.
  I mean we can we can we can blue sky what we would want here which I think is a fun fun exercise.
  I mean are you thinking obviously there's going to have to be a nonsense cocktail mixed drink.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I know that's what you're going called the rainbow.
  You want.
  Oh that's great.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It has to be one where they put literally every different food coloring.
  Oh just like Mickey's fun.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Yes exactly.
  Yeah.
  But you know what.
  Not enough colors.
  I want more colors in the fun wheel.
  Fair enough.
  Double the colors from the fun wheel which already has like five colors.
  Wow.
  This is going to take forever to.
  Yes.
  It's going to be the most laborious.
  Thirty five dollars.
  Just for labor they have to.
  Yeah.
  It takes 15 minutes to make it.
  I think I think like a guaranteed hit drink is like the potion like from.
  Yes.
  Mario 2.
  The potion that makes a door appear.
  Right.
  I think then you go into that like inverse world.
  Yeah.
  Wouldn't that be great.
  Just like a big test tube and then that's a collectible and that's some bright red or  something like sherry forward you know.
  And you can get with your drink you get a pickled egg like Birdo's egg from Mario 2  as well.
  It should be like a dive bar where you have to reach into.
  Yeah to get one of Birdo's pickled eggs.
  And Birdo's looking like.
  Yeah.
  Uh uh.
  Birdo is behind the bar.
  Whoa.
  Birdo's bar.
  Birdo's bar.
  Bar Birdo.
  Bar Birdo is good.
  Maybe better.
  One of my big one of my I think my frustration is no Birdo.
  Yeah.
  Because you're a big Mario 2 guy.
  Is that your favorite from the old ones you think?  I don't know if I.
  I don't think I would say big.
  But I was thinking before this how like I was walking around like how is there not more.
  Well I know why there's not more Mario 2.
  It's like it doesn't fit.
  You know what it's kind of equivalent to is Temple of Doom.
  Oh sure.
  It's the middle one.
  Well not the middle one anymore but the middle one that counts.
  And then it's like a little bit off from the ones surrounding it which are more of a piece  and more classic.
  But then the weird one is sort of great for being weird.
  Yes.
  I think that's a good description.
  I love frogs and lack of Bowser's and turnips.
  You mostly I think mainly what there should be.
  They should be engineering freakishly big turnips.
  Yeah I think that's right.
  They're for eating not for throwing because you could you could break a kid's nose.
  Throw on a giant turnip.
  Don't throw the turnips.
  Yeah Mario 2 is great.
  I guess 3 was probably my favorite but I never had 2 and I was obsessed with 2.
  Mario 2.
  I think I didn't have it growing up so then later I got to find it.
  It rediscovered it like an old record.
  Of course.
  I played 2 and 2 a lot.
  I don't think it was until I was older that I knew about the Doki Doki Panic.
  But I liked that it was a little different.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  Drink wise Jason what do you think?  What would you want of an alcoholic beverage in there?  Like Wario would have like some sort of beer I feel like.
  Something a little robust a little challenging.
  Like kind of dark and thick.
  Yeah.
  What would Waluigi have like a skinny purple like highball kind of thing.
  Okay yeah.
  Maybe with some dry ice or something.
  That's good.
  Smokey coming out.
  Yeah yeah.
  If you could drink if like Luigi's Mansion was the bar.
  Because it's scary so kids are a little scared so that's where it's adults only.
  Yeah keep them away.
  If you could order like a some sort of like I don't know if it's more medicinal or like  a Long Island Ice Tea but something called Dr.
 Mario.
  Yes.
  Well then you do like with Scott's idea for the Mr.
 DNA that I'm obsessed with.
  You put a little pill as like a kind of sugar version of one of those Dr.
 Mario pills.
  A little syrup capsule or something.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  I went somewhere in Tokyo that did this.
  That had a Dr.
 Mario drink that was like a pill that dissolved.
  I thought it was.
  Gross.
  Insane and bad.
  But okay.
  But the idea neat.
  Yeah the idea is good.
  And a cool little 8-bit Mario kind of kind of bars.
  And you're a Dr.
 Mario guy I know that.
  Yes that for a long time was the relaxation.
  Right.
  Dr.
 Mario and smooth jazz from the 70s and 80s.
  Game on.
  On mute.
  And smoother sounds instead.
  I love I'm a big Dr.
 Mario fan.
  Those are nice times.
  Yeah.
  So we're talking a lot about food.
  Do you want to talk about the Toadstool Cafe?  I would love to talk about the Toadstool Cafe.
  This is where a lot of my observations are given that Mario Kart will be its own thing.
  You went to Toadstool Cafe?  I did.
  Yeah.
  We tried a bunch of stuff.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Us too.
  Okay.
  So basically if you have this two hour window and I don't know if this will be applicable  as a tip but you basically you have to be careful I would say with time management.
  I think that there is no way I don't know how it's going to be when it's open to the  public if you have to like grab these reservations but it's a big convoluted.
  Yeah.
  You have to scan a code when you check in and it takes you to a very non theme parky  website where you have to rush check grab a time and then the time disappears and you  got to grab a less convenient time and our time was in the dead center of the reservation.
  So it just became clear to me we cannot do the restaurant and the ride.
  You like it's going to be tough to do both of them.
  So and you guys you and Andrew were a little bit behind us.
  So I was like kind of driving it a little like I think we have to go right on this ride  so we can make this reservation that required us to do the single rider line and this made  sense to you.
  I think you even suggested it but I felt when I said we're going to do the single rider  line I felt a palpable disappointment that you were not going to be able to do the full  line.
  I mean maybe initially but since we were going back I wasn't so upset.
  Yes sure.
  Yeah.
  We will have our chance and the episode will not occur until.
  Right until because I would not allow it if this were the first of the episode about the  ride and we didn't go in the full queue.
  Come on.
  Yeah.
  What are we sure.
  What kind of shabby organization is this.
  Jason did you wait in line.
  Did you were able to do that.
  I walked on.
  We walked on the ride.
  Wow.
  In the regular.
  Yeah sure.
  And I'll get more into it when we do but after climbing the four flights of stairs seemingly  and then a few flights down.
  Are we supposed to be upset for you.
  I have a lot of qualms about accessibility in this land.
  Sure.
  But do you know there's not is there a there could be a elevator.
  I didn't see any signs for it or else I probably would have taken it.
  So because I don't have like the worst ailments but my knee has not been feeling great lately  and it felt worse after the ride for sure.
  After the queue or the ride.
  The queue.
  No the ride was fine.
  The ride was fine.
  Can't do a lot of damage when you're going one mile an hour.
  Spicy day.
  So yeah we did the full queue and it's really well done.
  Sure.
  It's like pretty beautifully done.
  Sure.
  I have played plenty of Mario Kart but it was never like you were saying the attachments.
  I didn't I don't have the attachment to it that a lot of people do.
  I don't think we ever had a copy.
  I think we either borrowed copies or played a friend's houses and they would be like who  do you want to play as.
  I was like Mario Luigi.
  Who's available.
  Who's available like because other people.
  Berto.
  People are fairly.
  Oh I'd love to play.
  Is Berto a player.
  Did they ever add Berto.
  Can I play as an egg.
  Did they ever add Berto.
  I forget.
  Maybe she is in there.
  I think Berto was a player on like weird Olympics games after or like Mario parties or something.
  I saw a screenshot where it did seem like you could play as Berto in something.
  Yeah.
  I don't think a cart.
  Well yeah so no I was well we'll get to the Mario Kart stuff next episode but yes I was  a huge Mario Kart fan.
  So you guys got on it and got in the cafe.
  Yes we did.
  We did.
  We did the ride twice.
  Be a single rider and here's a genuine tip.
  It's a very effective single rider.
  If you need it if you've got a limited time I might be going against the I'm going against  the do the queue sensibility but it's a very effective single rider.
  Berto is in Mario Kart Wii.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Really.
  I've played that.
  I didn't remember.
  Maybe I didn't drive good enough.
  Yeah you were.
  Damn it.
  Sucked so you didn't get Berto to play.
  I wouldn't have unlocked Berto either.
  It is hard enough unlocking all those Super Smash Brothers characters you know.
  So anyways if it is a limited time window be careful with it but yeah we had a food  reservation smack dab in the middle.
  We did make it.
  It did all work out but then it's this like boys at this process like I say you scan a  code you check in and you get there and you wait in an outdoor line and you get checked  again you wait in an indoor line and then a different indoor line with a counter and  then a line before you can get seated.
  There's a lot going on at the Toadstool Cafe.
  Yeah.
  So okay so Universal doesn't have any of the infrastructure to do like well they have some  mobile.
  I don't even know do they have any mobile orders.
  They don't have like Disney now even though a lot of it's annoying they do have information  on the app like to get reservations and you know how to do it.
  It feels like this is a lot like even Uncharted Water for Universal as far as like how to  manage a restaurant that's going to be pretty popular.
  Oh it's guaranteed to come out of the gate.
  Yeah because that's that's a other than the Harry Potter again Harry Potter stuff that's  a first.
  I don't even think like Moe's had that demand.
  We were there pretty early in Moe's life and I don't think there was maybe a line to get  in but it wasn't like oh my god we need reservations to get in Moe's or something.
  Yeah and this is wild.
  They're doing a bad job or anything.
  You're just like I'm sorry this is what needs to be done in order to get the cute Instagram  food that will as soon as you see some photos even like the dressed nice photos of it you  were like this is food for children.
  This was not going to be good food.
  It's not a high yeah it's a quick service food.
  Are we going to find disagreement from Jason on this?  Good question.
  No I felt really bad a few hours after eating this food.
  I felt kind of bad as I was sitting there digesting the food.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  I will say in terms of like this this some of this stuff is like the mirror opposite  of Avengers campus where Avengers campus is not the most stunning visual thing to stand  in the middle of but I kind of like seeing my friend Spider-Man on the ride.
  I like seeing him flip in the air and I like all the food I've tried at Pym's kitchen.
  Yeah.
  I if we go into the Toastable Cafe I think the best thing you got to try the soda.
  You got to try the beverage.
  The beverage is my recommendation.
  You mean their specific are you just talking about is that you saying that the only thing  you're going to like there is Sprite.
  I know I'm saying the superstar lemon squash the exclusive.
  Oh you had that.
  I had that was none of us did that.
  Okay.
  I'll try to do that next time.
  I mean we tried the I had the spaghetti and meatballs.
  We shared the garlic knots.
  Jane got the salad with a bunch of fruit in it.
  And then we got the Princess Peach Cupcake and the question mark block tiramisu.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  We I think we covered a lot of the same things.
  Do people do anything different.
  Oh well you know what I would I mean I'm standing in this line and it's a real quandary.
  I'm like what do what do I want to have.
  What is not going to kill me here in the middle of the day.
  I just nothing.
  I do I really want a bunch of spaghetti theme park spaghetti right now.
  And then the determination I made was to go on a little adventure which is the wait oh yes the Mario mini burger adventure set.
  Like wait a minute.
  The other items do not involve an adventure.
  This looks like the ultimate adventure cheeseburger truffle french fries corn on the cob not just sitting on the plate boring standing upright surrounded by hills of broccoli and a yellow box with a coin cooked in a pan.
  With a coin cookie and a little Mario up on the top of it.
  This is all a delight.
  I was so my my whole mood changed as soon as I realized this was the move was to have the children's hamburger.
  Yes.
  And it was kind of delightful when it showed up.
  It's look I can't say that this food was anyone enthusiastic about anything they ate.
  What did you have.
  I had the Mario.
  What was it called Mario burger.
  Which it's just a burger with bacon mushroom and cheese.
  Oh there he is.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Well and more on this later.
  There's context to this photo.
  Talk about the food and then we'll talk about the experience.
  Mario burger I thought was fine.
  I mean it was fine.
  I think it was like it was not as bad as like a Tomorrowland cheeseburger.
  Yes.
  That's like my baseline for like bad theme park food is like that with Tomorrowland terror.
  What do they call that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like there's like a bad chicken sandwich there and I know you like the sunny eclipse restaurant for some reason.
  I think that's satisfying.
  I mean the toppings bar is part of the you think that for is better than probably a burger.
  When you load it up with like caramelized onions and mushrooms and stuff.
  You're crazy.
  That also they just have like standard chicken tenders.
  I think that's pretty I think that place and I think and maybe it's changed in the last couple of years.
  I think that place in the one in Disneyland Tomorrowland wise that's the worst quick service food in the park.
  Yeah.
  Tomorrow the Tomorrowland what is that window called is tomorrow.
  I mean the terrace right there is pretty brutal.
  I see my expectations for theme park burger and chicken sandwich grilled chicken sandwich especially a rock bottom real.
  Yeah of course.
  That's why I was like oh I'll get spaghetti and meatballs and it was it was all right for like theme park spaghetti and meatballs little spicy.
  The sauce meatballs are pretty like firmer like kind of stick together like like they're not real flaky you know something to get a fall apart.
  Yeah right.
  So I was eating this and I got it out halfway through and I'm like that's enough like that's enough of that.
  Like your plate.
  Well no I didn't know.
  Well first off three meatballs is too many meatballs to eat on your own.
  Wait wait are you a three meat three meatball too much for a plate of spaghetti for a place.
  I think that's a two meatball thing.
  The size of these were pretty substantial.
  They're not that big though.
  They're pretty they're pretty big.
  Yeah you shrunk your hand.
  Well like I think for you sure you shivered on your meatballs on a plate of spaghetti for meatballs in a in a sandwich.
  I'll tell you what my spaghetti philosophy is.
  What's that.
  It has to have three meatballs.
  I don't care about the size but if it doesn't feel like I got enough meatballs I'm disappointed.
  This point is moot because I'm more of a spaghetti and sausage kind of guy.
  So now we get to the heart.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah that's fine.
  You want to base on sausage is seven sausages.
  You want seven sausages sticking out.
  I mean it could be any you know you never know if it's going to be a full link is going to be sliced up.
  Yeah.
  Just you know quarter links.
  Scott what how many meatballs do you like on a spaghetti and meatballs.
  I mean more sounds better to me.
  Yeah.
  I know I guess I guess too but I think you're right.
  These did not seem like like baseball size.
  So well I mean I believe Jason he's saying they're bigger they're bigger balls.
  They're bigger than you think.
  And like I said we're eating the garlic knots which weren't great.
  Yeah I see I see that those are big.
  I'm looking at a picture right now.
  There are bigger balls for sure but I need three of those.
  I think so.
  For sure.
  I need three of those just because I mean if you're getting it I because I want to make sure I have a little too much meatball like I want a good even distribution with the pasta and the meatball.
  So three will give me a little like I want a little too much too much meatball.
  So I for sure am able to get it because the worst thing in the world is running out of meatballs when you're trying to finish your meal you want to try to clean your place.
  I mean worst thing in the world.
  That's fair.
  That's fair.
  The sauce had mushrooms in it too.
  So it was like a mushroom area.
  Everything should have mushrooms in it at this point.
  That's heavy.
  Wait I'm seeing your point now.
  That's a heavier sauce potentially.
  That is a little heavier.
  My burger had mushrooms on it.
  Yeah there was a lot of mushroom going on.
  That didn't sound good to me.
  I like it as a theme.
  Supposedly there's there's a soup.
  I thought this is something Andrew was talking about and I'm like you're crazy.
  There's not mushroom soup.
  That's the most Japanese.
  That must be from the Japan menu.
  But sure enough I checked.
  Apologies to Andrew.
  I just don't think they were serving it yet.
  They also have basically they have this this place is like several.
  It's quick service.
  Style food but in a sit down environment.
  Yes it's like all the types of restaurants at once.
  So confusingly the full menu seems to have like a like a short rib demiglace kind of  like a Morse like a twenty eight dollars.
  Right.
  They were not serving.
  But then I'm like I mean that sounds good.
  That's the kind of thing I get at places usually.
  But that was do I want that in a place with a bunch of pipes on the ceiling and a bunch  of injections of totes running around.
  The vibes are very good.
  The vibes in the cafe were were really relaxing.
  We didn't know that all the crowds had shown up when we left until we left to a cafe.
  It seemed like you maybe had a more peaceful experience than we did.
  Well let me tell you.
  So we got in the land like 10 20 10 30.
  We were there early.
  There really wasn't a lot of people there.
  We walked on the ride.
  Then we went right to the cafe.
  We had like 11 a.
m.
  reservation.
  Probably 11 15 11 20 probably the wrong time to be eating a plate of spaghetti and meatballs.
  Oh did you have like a banana before.
  I think I just had like a granola bar or something.
  That's a heavy lunch.
  What.
  That's a heavy early lunch.
  Oh yeah.
  It's heavy early lunch.
  But I want to say.
  Sure I'm not saying you were wrong.
  I'm just saying like when in Rome certainly.
  But now I'm getting the clearer picture of.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean I think I'm not saying you were wrong.
  I think I'm just saying that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I.
  Jane was a little.
  When.
  In Rome.
  When I.
  Rome.
  A.
  Rome that has a horrible.
  When.
  In the fake.
  When.
  Fake.
  Rome.
  Mario.
  Had to go to.
  Oh he went to Rome and one of those weird CD roms I think.
  Yeah I think so.
  Jane had the Yoshi's favorite fruit and veggie salad.
  I think she said it was OK.
  It was really sweet.
  There were Yoshi eggs on it that were just basically unflavored croutons.
  Like dried bread.
  Yeah.
  Serenade.
  It's not a lot of like Yoshi eggs but it's just like a hard bread you're cracking up.
  The idea is you're eating unfertilized Yoshi's in the salad.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  You're diminishing the Yoshi population by eating this salad.
  If they were unfertilized in the same way that you eat eggs from store.
  Yeah you don't really think about it.
  I guess.
  It depends how a Yoshi fertilizes an egg.
  That's really what it is.
  We have to figure out how inhumane or humane.
  Tongue.
  So one Yoshi deposits the egg and then some other Yoshi comes and tongues it.
  Whatever they reproduce with is on the tongue.
  Reproductive organs are in the tongue.
  That might make sense.
  Maybe they fertilize bushes.
  Like it's a bird and a bee in a flower situation.
  And the eggs crack out of.
  No they lay eggs right?  Yoshi's lay eggs yeah.
  Yeah you can launch them right?  Don't you like shoot them at people?  It depends what it is.
  It depends what game it is.
  Because like the first appearance of Yoshi is Mario World.
  And if you collected enough berries.
  Is that right?  Yeah you would collect enough berries and then Yoshi would like poop out an egg that was like a one up I think.
  Yes.
  I think that's what it was.
  But then you still find a Yoshi egg once in a while.
  If you killed your Yoshi you would find a Yoshi egg somewhere and hatch it.
  But Yoshi would poop out eggs that would like a one up would come out of.
  I believe.
  Yeah so when two Yoshis love each other very much they make a one up.
  You get a second chance at life.
  Then they make life for you.
  You get the life.
  That's nice.
  Yeah it seemed like an odd salad.
  It's all just sitting in.
  I might disagree with you Jason on atmosphere and relax.
  Because it was like later in the day certainly.
  But this is like I mean it's a cafeteria.
  It's a high school cafeteria that's immensely themed.
  It looks great and everything.
  But it was not.
  That's why I think it's weird like the sit down dining of it because I'm like how fast.
  And also you know that they are having to turn over people as fast as possible.
  What they are making the staff do.
  And everyone's doing a fine job.
  Oh my god you could just you could feel the stress.
  We were there at eleven fifteen in the morning.
  And so I was happy we didn't have to carry plates of because you wait in a line.
  That gets you to the line to order and they give you all your drinks.
  And then you go over to someone who takes you to a table.
  So it's kind of happy they were going to bring this stuff to us.
  But it was chill.
  It was more chill.
  We're standing in a big corral holding trays with drinks on them.
  And everybody just like there's not a line anymore.
  How do how can I be the first to grab the attention of the table keeper to get to the host stand was getting a little messy and confusing for sure.
  But then we got seated.
  It was kind of we were sort of in our own little back like corner.
  Maybe it was not like fully going at full speed when we were there.
  And that's what I you know I think we looked at we went to the first group on a weekday when it opened a little early everything.
  So it is early I think is the is the listener tip for sure.
  Yeah get your spaghetti and meatballs if you can before 10 a.
m.
  That would be our tip.
  You're not going to hear that anywhere else spaghetti and meatballs and ask for an additional ball and see what they say.
  Yeah see if you can add one on the kind of a limited menu.
  If you're there with a vegetarian there's two salads and the garlic knots.
  A lot of the other places at Universal at this point will like replace the patty on a burger with Beyond Burger.
  And I don't think they're there yet.
  And obviously the soups haven't shown up yet.
  I'm excited for these soups.
  I'll be honest with you.
  We someone there told me said like I was anything vegan.
  They're like not yet but hopefully in the future.
  I think we're getting tomato soup.
  And I'm like oh yes.
  I like California summer a big big old bowl of tomato soup.
  Yeah.
  Is it mushroom and tomato or just tomato?  I think they're separate.
  Yeah there's the mushroom soup.
  The mushroom one I think comes in like a toadstool comes in.
  Right.
  You know.
  I love mushrooms.
  I don't know if I've talked about this on the show before.
  I'm a big mushroom guy.
  Pizza on burgers anywhere they can put mushrooms.
  I love it.
  Wow.
  So there you go.
  That's something new you learned.
  Yeah.
  I don't think that's five timers.
  Yeah it is not.
  No that's a first timer.
  So listeners bring Mike some mushrooms.
  Hurt all mushrooms at me if we ever do another live show.
  Let me ask you I think it's probably the most calories of the thing on the menu.
  But Shake Shack has a thing that's a mushroom stuffed with cheese.
  Have I tried it?  Breaded and deep fried.
  Yes I have tried it.
  It's delicious.
  And you can also get it on a burger if you're like really having a day.
  Yes you could because yes that will replace a burger basically is a big mushroom that's  deep fried.
  It's a big mushroom deep fried with cheese in it as well.
  It's really intense.
  It is very intense.
  But if you were a mad man you also will put a beef patty on that.
  I've never done that.
  I've only ever done that.
  I have done it.
  It was not a customization.
  It was on post.
  Like it was an option on Postmates.
  It's a customization but it's not it's not something off menu.
  No it's not off menu.
  We all got through lockdown in our own way.
  You didn't have to call like Scott asked at the top of the show which you didn't have to  say it in person to somebody.
  No.
  It was a prompt.
  You could click.
  We're back.
  We're back in person and we're back to shame.
  That's right.
  It's a shame.
  Oh yeah.
  You know me.
  Always feeling shame.
  Full of food shame.
  Can I say there is a I was curious what we're not getting that Japan has.
  Oh right.
  And the big thing is I mean there's there's differences between these menus.
  Actually well there's a few in this restaurant or in their equivalent which is the Japanese  canopio I think is his name there and similar desserts but I'm pretty jealous of the here  it's a princess peach cupcake.
  Right.
  It's very rich and super pink and a couple types of frosting.
  But in Japan you have Princess Peaches cake which is a multi-layer cake looks pretty it  might be a multi-person dessert which the other ones are not really unless you're just  sharing little bites but like it's it is raspberries on top couple layers.
  Oh yeah.
  Yes.
  And then there is a cracker note or a cookie note either way some food stuff that where  peach has written a note and it says as follows Dear friends I poured my heart into this cake  for you.
  I hope you enjoy it.
  Yours truly peach intense.
  I think there's a motion in this.
  In a game.
  Oh I think that might be a little bit of a surprise.
  I think that might be.
  I poured my heart is a quote.
  Well the cake.
  I think she makes the cake in one of the games.
  Oh geez okay oh so on top of that it's a legendary cake.
  There it is.
  Yeah beautiful.
  I don't there's not like enough there's no emotional please in the desserts.
  I like the Mount Beanpole cake but nobody is telling me like I worked my fingers to the  bone.
  Yeah.
  I am exhausted.
  I am physically worse for having made this cake for you.
  I hope you enjoy it because I'll never enjoy anything again.
  When when do you can you get an American dessert that tugs at your heartstrings.
  Boy I don't know you guys haven't had one Jason.
  I mean if they made like an up.
  Now a hypothetical.
  Oh you're sorry an actual one.
  When was the last time a dessert brought you to tears.
  Oh that's a great question.
  Every trip to CBS.
  I got those four dollars.
  Well look.
  I've been eating candy again.
  I had been doing well with eating healthier and now I've been eating goddamn candy.
  Did you hit up the leftover Valentine's Day candy.
  No but there was a movie theater box.
  I got to stop.
  Your CVS coupon has unlocked something.
  It's unlocked something.
  I was eating less sugar.
  They tricked me this week.
  They didn't send it until Sunday so I had a much smaller window to get it.
  Okay well I have to find.
  Again as we said before it's sliding through the door like Indiana Jones.
  I made it.
  You made it.
  I have to find spinach that I can buy at CVS or mushrooms.
  Do they sell mushrooms at CVS.
  Don't buy your mushrooms at CVS.
  How bad do you need this deal.
  They don't have produce at CVS.
  They might have canned mushrooms.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  All right.
  I've been on the show bragging.
  I got a good price on these canned mushrooms.
  The real deal on these canned mushrooms.
  So I think I already said we got the tiramisu and the cupcake.
  I didn't really love either of these things.
  The cupcake was kind of nasty.
  I really didn't get much fun.
  Fetty taste.
  There wasn't a lot of flavor.
  Too much going on.
  Too much going on.
  Like clashee for us I'd say.
  The tiramisu.
  I mean the square, the actual square of tiramisu inside the like the shortbread cookies were kind of flavorless, kind of bland.
  And the actual tiramisu inside didn't really have a lot of tiramisu flavor.
  Like it didn't have the espresso flavor.
  I know they're not going to dump rum on it or whatever they usually do.
  But it just kind of was a dry cake.
  It almost felt like it was just like a regular cupcake dressed up to look like that dessert.
  Yeah.
  You did not have tiramisu because the I wanted to get that for the table when I ordered.
  And there was just this very like hesitant looking down from the person working at the counter like,  Chef Toad has not prepared the question mark cupcake tiramisu today?  That's okay.
  That is fine.
  We will do something else.
  That is fine.
  Which one did we have?  We had Mount Beanpole.
  It's like a multi-layer thing.
  That was the winner for me.
  You didn't have that Jason?  I didn't have that one.
  And I regret it because I didn't realize until after the fact.
  I got confused.
  It's a little like.
  That it had a little matcha flavor in it.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  I didn't know that off hand.
  I wouldn't have known how to taste that.
  But I read it later.
  I'm like, yeah, it did feel like the more mature flavor or something.
  Nice multi-layer cake cut into little very video game looking little blocks.
  The presentation is so good.
  Yeah.
  One big one, one little one.
  You got a little flag in the top.
  I'll try to get it when we're back.
  I'll try to get that one.
  I think that's the winner from what I could tell.
  So what did I miss?  You get to meet Toad in the line.
  We haven't said there's a little video.
  Oh, right.
  Toad introduces the premise.
  The Toad is making the food.
  And I maybe had not heard Toad's voice.
  And the voice is a tad crazy.
  If I could attempt to do like how did it?  Okay, okay.
  It's sort of Mickey, but then a little bit of like gurgle to it.
  I cook stuff up for you.
  This is a place where you can relax.
  So that's what Toad has sounded like this entire time.
  He seems like he's been smoking a little bit.
  It's like a little raspy.
  Mickey with cigarettes.
  Right.
  A child with cigarettes.
  Yeah.
  It's like a child Toad still has been smoking.
  Toad is stressed out.
  It seems like the weight of the kingdom is on Toad in general.
  You're going to get me for this.
  It's a hard life.
  I work for royalty.
  It's a great, it's a cool little projection, but they really should change it depending on how busy the restaurant is.
  It should make him far more stressed out if there's a lot of people in line.
  And if there's not, he should just be like taking it easy.
  That's not what they're going to do.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Six Toads called in sick.
  Let me guess you all got annual best discounts.
  I'm picking my pocket.
  Do you know about the margins of running restaurants these days?  Shut it down.
  They won't let me sell alcohol.
  That's where you make your money.
  Toad, you can't drink on the job anymore.
  You're not allowed to run the place.
  Whose name is on the outside?  You call this Diarmusso?  It's just a cupcake dressed up to look like eggs.
  Oh yeah, well fuck you.
  You come in here.
  Fuck me.
  You come in here and tell me how to run my, whose stool?  My stool.
  This is why you're always being kidnapped.
  This raspberry, this raspberry sauce on the plate is expired.
  It tastes horrible.
  They come in, they love it, they don't care.
  They're over the atmosphere.
  You're a douchebag, you know that?  You're a go-kart racer, not a chef.
  What are you doing?  I'm anything, we all do everything.
  I play tennis.
  I've been in the Olympic games with them.
  What's his fuck, Sonic?  This is why your wife left you.
  Did you get out of my stool?  Did you take it?  This is never going to be Taffer's stool.
  I'll be back tomorrow, if you're lucky.
  Toad's just crying.
  Toad vomits.
  This is adorable pink vomit.
  Yeah, sparkles.
  Don't tell anyone this is what the raspberry syrup's made of.
  My puke syrup, I'm gay.
  The syrup is my puke.
  I was a little bummed because I feel like Universal has done a great job on both coasts of kind of upping their food game.
  I think the Jurassic World sort of stuff, and they really did that restaurant with a lot of pulled pork and a variety of things.
  They had a lot of pork and a Ray Puzz.
  Have you had that?  We had it at the opening, and then I had it in the park after the fact.
  They were both pretty good.
  I know it was good when I went and got a plate there.
  You got to check in years later, though.
  We should have checked in when we were on the patio.
  I was very excited that the additional people that the land is providing caused the long dormant Panda Express location on the lower lot to open.
  The rumor is that Toad's Kitchen shares kitchen space with that Panda Express.
  I 100% believe that.
  Some people were wondering why they didn't get rid of the Panda Express because you could get a little more room, but apparently it's the kitchen.
  Oh, so we have a kitchen already.
  Children's hamburgers made in the Panda Express kitchen did not blow us away.
  Well, there's a takeaway food spot right next to it, like prepared sandwiches and salads and stuff.
  I feel like both of those probably just with the people walking by, the sheer number of foot traffic probably brings in God knows how many tens of thousands of dollars a year for the place.
  You're saying it would not be financially viable.
  I'm saying because that was one of my things.
  Why didn't they just demolish those two restaurants and make the land a little more palatable?  Sure.
  Panda Express is what makes them the money.
  Panda is where it's at.
  Yeah, they got a different Panda Express pretty close.
  And then the one in Ventura Boulevard, pretty close.
  Oh, that's right.
 Yeah, that's boy.
  There's a lot of Panda Express within a couple of miles.
  Guess nowadays we'll never know the pure joy of the Panda Express next to the Jurassic Park restaurant, which was serving Pizza Hut personal pizzas and half the Panda Express menu.
  Really?  Yeah.
  When I went in 2006 for the first time, we're like, what's this place?  You get orange chicken at the Jurassic Park?  You get orange chicken and a personal pizza and then half a block away, you could get a larger Panda Express selection.
  Wow.
 Magic.
  Magic.
  Those were the days.
  Magic of the movies.
  Really quick, just before we get to the real experience, another thing is that you might find it to be a relaxing environment, although very crowded, but then sometimes airships arrive.
  There's airships and they shoot bullet bills towards the toads who are walking around your exterior toad views, but then also into the kitchen.
  You know, I feel bad.
  You know, I forget about the conditions in these kitchens.
  Yeah.
  I don't remember that every 20 minutes bullet bills are shooting through.
  I really should cut them some slack.
  Here I am going, I don't like the truffle oil.
  Well, they're made under very perverse.
  Yeah.
  Fire bombing of Dresden happening while you get your little boba drink.
  The little, the lemon squash to boba drink was good.
  Like that was pretty fun and the bobas and there was little stars in there.
  There was little, I think like pieces of mango that were star shaped were tasty.
  But the attack.
  But you have to know when you see the attack.
  Yeah, I saw the attack and I thought it was cute, but we were really far away.
  So it didn't really bother us.
  You thought it was cute.
  I thought it was cute from the distance.
  I thought it was a horror.
  It was a thunderstorm at first and then I looked up exactly what was happening.
  I saw it saving Private Ryan but with Toads.
  That's what it was to me.
  Here's what I was hoping.
  And maybe really what I was looking for was like a resolution to the like a very triumphant.
  Yeah.
  Like they have pipes in there and I was like, oh, maybe they'll be like some of the pop through the pipe or like Toad will be like, I'm working on it.
  And like, or duck cover.
  Like if there was like something like element like that.
  But it really was just like, well, you're going to feel like pensive for three minutes and then without sort of warning, you won't feel pensive anymore.
  That's kind of the vibe in there.
  Yeah.
  Well, and also and then also like the window that you're like we're next to a window, a TV window full of Toads milling about at point five miles per hour.
  It was kind of like walking a dopey walk and then the bullet bills come and the airships come and then they walk the same pace, but they have mild frowns instead of smiles.
  Yes.
 And no one's saying anything.
  So it really was an odd.
  Yeah.
  But isn't that calming that if they're right, they know what happens all the time.
  Yeah.
  That's what I want is for one of them to say it happens all the time.
  You live another day in paradise.
  Yeah.
  But it's really we're like, oh, cool show or whatever.
  And then it starts and then the Toads are wandering.
  Then the pensive music starts and then they're just like still like milling about, but maybe a little bit faster.
  And then the ship, all the ships.
  Okay.
  I'm looking around like, okay, what's going to happen in here?  And then all of a sudden the ships just go away.
  Yeah.
  I don't know what I wanted.
  Just letting everybody know we're there like the Chinese spy balloons.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  We're watching you.
  I guess I wanted like some I guess I wanted like we talked about an ice capades segment that had Mr.
  Belvedere playing King Koopa and in it.
  Oh, no, you're sorry.
  Yeah.
  And I was just game Mario or Luigi has basically like a cannon of some kind that he shoots and blows up like a Koopa Troopa with  sky high kingdom every villain that comes at him and Koopa is murdered.
  He's dead definitively.
  I guess it's in Universal's interest to keep these stories going as long as possible and not kill Koopa once in the restaurant.
  But if it's like not give Luigi a handheld mortar so he can just like, but like if we just shot down the airship, that would be cool in the video.
  That's true.
  Like at least bring it down somehow and then make us feel good that they're not just still out there lurking.
  And that'll be the resolution.
  I mean, you don't have to have like, oh, help us throw your food at the screen.
  Like, it doesn't have to be something interactive.
  Just take the food your parents have bought.
  Get the back in line and order dessert.
  Order two of every food item.
  Want to throw it Bowser in his airship.
  As much as possible.
  The more expensive food is more consistent.
  If you're a pass holder, you get the discount, but not in the shop, but here you get the discount.
  Take your coins if you don't do it.
  Oh, you don't want your coin counts to disappear, do you?  They link your coin to the food and your ability to fight bullet bills with food.
  So I don't know.
  I'm just saying there needed to be some resolution to feel like that show was satisfying in there.
  Yeah, it is not the soundest story.
  I would say.
  And it should be quicker than like like Trader Sam's where it's just like, oh, there's the volcanoes blowing.
  Okay, we're fine.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, the thing is, it turns out the adventure was not with the Mario characters.
  The adventure was with you, as it is always with me, because things in our time there suddenly round a corner.
  We've been through all the steps of this process through the different lines and the check with the cons, the trade concierge.
  And then we are seated and we're eating.
  And I maybe missed the the lead up that we're waiting for our food.
  But then I and then I sense the stress rising.
  And can you explain your situation?  Yeah, look, I don't know what is proper in the in the age of covid and respiratory diseases when you have a child.
  So Lindsay and I are being, I would say, cautious.
  Is it overly cautious?  Probably.
  I don't know.
  It's frustrating.
  We're very young child.
  So we've sort of like, well, let's wait till all the vaccinations have happened.
  That six month mark, blah, blah, blah, blah.
  So I don't know really what I was thinking.
  But when we went into the totes to cafe, I was like, I was hoping I was going to eat this outside.
  And after I saw the reality of the of the Super Nintendo land, it was not really a good place to eat anything or do anything or stand anywhere.
  So I also thought, OK, maybe they'll give you the food and you can like grab the food and take it or something.
  Not the case either.
  They're going to bring you the food.
  You're going to wait inside.
  And and I don't know how quickly.
  Well, probably I'm starting to get a sense of the situation.
  And then we are given silverware.
  Yes.
  We realize, oh, this is oddly not much more for all.
  Yeah.
  This is plates you don't keep.
  This is this is real nice.
  I mean, I feel like like like with many things, I feel very stupid.
  But I'm like, I guess I should go eat outside so I don't get sick in the toadstool cafe and get my child's.
  I don't know.
  I'm asked for every other bit of this.
  You have an idea of a fucking pandemic and whatever.
  So I'm just like, we got a bunch of food.
  I ordered the biggest hamburger on the menu.
  I should have ordered the Mario Adventure.
  It's smaller at well, though, at the same time, though, it comes in so many parts.
  Right.
 Right.
 That's a bunch of five.
  At least this is one piece.
  But then you have fries.
  Yes.
 You know what?  Actually, fries are as many pieces.
  Yes, that's true.
  I'm starting to watch you do this calculus.
  Yes.
 And and I think the same thing comes over both Aaron and I.
  We realize, oh, my God, it's a Mike food stress situation.
  That is correct.
 This time we are here.
  One of the classic happened tropes of podcast.
  The ride.
 Yes.
  One is occurring and it usually does not happen in front of me.
  This is a Liberty Tree Tavern.
  The family feast.
  Oh, my God.
  It's a mini monster.
  A mini.
 Oh, yes.
  A mini monster throwing the bobas away.
  Yep.
 I know.
  You know how this felt to me?  This felt like in Get Back when you watch McCartney come up with Get Back,  when you're watching the moment, the guy who the guy who's the best at the thing he's doing in the moment of creation.
  And for you, that is inventing food stress.
  That's right.
 And it's it's happy.
  It's like you're figuring out the baseline right then and there.
  You saw it happen.
 And I was there for it.
  And I'm here for it.
  Thank you.
 Yeah, it was not planned.
  But it did develop.
  It now becomes an escape.
  It is now an escape situation because also this is not a place where, oh, there's a bunch of exits everywhere in and out.
  No problem.
  Everything about it is stressful because you've ordered other desserts.
  We wanted to try other things and like the garlic knots.
  And again, even if it was like, oh, casual sort of fit in, oh, you go and come in like Ali, blah, blah, blah, come back in and grab a knot or something.
  No, there is one exit and there's a guard to make sure no one sneaks in because of the crazy system that's in place because it's opening a few weeks.
  Now, let me say this.
  You described the situation because you went to your you're getting progressively more stressed out about the situation.
  Yes.
 And then you go and you do a recon pass and you come back and you say there's a guard.
  There's a guard at the door.
  Later, when we leave the restaurant, we see a board 20 year olds at a podium who could have gotten me in trouble.
  And they also might have been really cool.
  They might have made fun of you.
  Very true.
  Well, that's when you're dealing with young people.
  That is a possibility.
  But again, but here's now what I here's where is the situation.
  Here's the situation where you get in trouble.
  It is excuse me, sir.
  Where do you think you're going with the food that you own?  Yeah, the food that you paid for and therefore are rightfully the owner of Mike.
  I'm so sorry.
  I wasn't I couldn't we couldn't make it work where it was the same time because I usually have ziploc bags on me when I go to theme parks.
  Is that true?  You have a bunch of bags every day and then one or two.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Ho ho ho.
  Every now and then all the time.
  No, I know.
  How many now and thens?  How many you got on you right now?  Um, I might have one or two from my trip.
  Can you find eggs?  I OK.
  So theme parks.
  This was a Sheridan hack we learned a long time ago.
  And I usually carry a backpack or something.
  Now, Sheridan tradition, an old Sheridan tradition.
  This was a lot easier when phones were like tiny clamshells.
  But you shove your wallet and your phone for a water on a water ride and a ziploc bag and they don't get wet.
  You know, harder with iPhones.
  Let me ask you this.
  Yeah.
  If you used your your plastic bag for a water ride to put a wallet in, would you throw the bag out afterward or would you use it to put like a piece of probably throw it throw it out at the end of the day?  Well, if I was going on a second water ride for the other water, but you would use it for food.
  No, I wouldn't use for food storage.
  Thank God.
  OK, OK.
  Thank God.
  You check for bags.
  So Jason always has plastic bags on him, which I did not know.
  Yeah.
  So another new thing.
  Jason has bags.
  He's always with.
  Wow.
  You always got your backpack and your backpack has always had bags.
  Wow.
  I would, by the way, would not have used those bags.
  Oh, you're not in the bag.
  You don't know where the bag is.
  Skittles.
  That's different.
  You can't put a lot of other food in there.
  It's already got skittles.
  You know, he's using those wallet bags.
  I know he says that.
  But then you get them mixed up like which bag is which.
  I think he's like, you get some sanitizer.
  He runs.
  You get in the bathroom, put some soap in there, and suddenly it's a new bag.
  But not to you.
  And then he's shoving those.
  Then he's going right to the toppings bar and throwing tomatoes.
  I think I just have one this time.
  Sorry.
  One bag.
  Oh, that's pretty good.
  All right.
  All right.
  And probably some from traveling.
  Probably some toiletries or something.
  Uh-huh.
  Well, I want to know what toiletries you have.
  Well, shampoo.
  You have shampoo in your bag right now?  No, not in my bag.
  I think I brought it in case I needed one, in case I forgot one.
  OK.
  Or something leeched.
  We brought it on vacation.
  Oh, OK.
  Oh, yeah, for Christmas.
  Like Christmas vacation.
  OK.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But not in Universal Hollywood.
  Let's get back to this.
  OK.
  So now, so again, there is a guard, the scariest guard you could ever have met.
  This is where I'm like, you know when like rugrats, when you see what the babies see  and you see how much scarier everything is?  Yes.
  Once I saw the guard that you described as a guard, I'm like, OK, so Mike's imagination  grew the guy up to eight feet.
  He suddenly has brawny arms.
  It's probably as an Arnold voice now.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Where do you think you're going?  You're a puny man.
  Picturing maybe a bomb bomb?  Oh, well, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  A literal ticking time bomb.
  Yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  And you don't know.
  You don't want that thing to go off in front of you.
  No.
  So yeah, you have an enemy.
  This is very Mario.
  There's an enemy guarding the gate.
  What are you going to do?  So now you're trying to figure out ways to smuggle the food that you paid for out of  the Mario Cafe.
  Yes.
  Erin and I are offering suggestions.
  Many.
  And she said, well, just we got some napkins here.
  We'd have to ask for more.
  And we don't want to make the stressed-out wait staff do that.
  But we could wrap the burger in a number of napkins.
  Erin said you could put it in your hood.
  Not a bad idea.
  Because now it becomes the food can't be seen.
  They can't know that you have food coming out of it.
  It felt like it was wrong to take the food out of this location.
  Obviously, who cares?  But for some reason, the way it was set up to me felt like a fortress.
  Mike, I saw people with to-go boxes.
  I saw people with take-out boxes.
  We'll get there.
  We'll get there.
  We'll get there.
  Because that at least made me feel better.
  You mean like a restaurant would have?  Yeah, like a restaurant.
  Oh, Scott, you got it.
  You know my man.
  We'll get there.
  We'll get there.
  Because food often has to be transported out of restaurants.
  And this is not a bank vault.
  And I'm aware of some of this, but I don't want to say because again,  I'm watching the moment of creation happen.
  You got to save it for the year.
  So I'm trying to think of whatever.
  I believe I had the idea.
  I think that burger would all fit inside your in-95.
  In the mask.
  I think you open up that baby.
  You're pretty low on oxygen, so you got to do that walk as fast as you can.
  But you just got burger pressed right up against your face.
  It's like a feedback.
  Yeah.
  Which you could go outside and keep using that way.
  That could be a fun way to eat a burger.
  That would have been easier, I think, actually.
  But then it gets tough with fries because fries are dangling out of the thing.
  But what does not, I want to encourage the hijinks.
  But how do you not just say I am eating outside for COVID purposes?  Doesn't that get you past the guard?  Yeah.
  Of course it does.
  I didn't say anything to the guard.
  I have to use the bathroom.
  Or like I'm feeling dizzy.
  I need to just get some air and come back in.
  I have a time sensitive issue with the glow in the dark turtles that need to be ordered.
  I have to make a phone call in a place where there is not a bombing.
  I have to call San Diego.
  You have to believe me when I say I actually didn't think I was going to be stopped.
  Uh-huh.
  But I did.
  I don't know if it's really if I analyzed what it was was like.
  I don't want to have like a baby size arm full of food on the way out in front of the person.
  Because maybe they don't want people to.
  I don't really know exactly when I analyze what I was thinking.
  It wasn't that I thought I was going to go to universal jail or that it was like so forbidden to eat out there.
  Are you going to bring some paper plates when we go back to this land?  It's a very good question.
  A very, very good question.
  I think I kind of know what to do.
  Bring some bags.
  I guess I got to swing by my house.
  I'm going to be going to bring my bags.
  I just said to take the bag.
  Maybe bring your own bags.
  He's got dirty bags.
  Yeah.
  We can also just use that.
  That's the cheat code for Toad.
  Like, could I get that actually boxed up to go?  You know, that's the Chewbacca.
  Do you think you could just just tell them?  Well, that's what we get.
  We sort of get there is what happened.
  You went back and explored.
  So I went around.
  There was a couple of booths that were not populated, like felt like birthday booth or like the Fuddruckers Tonight Show booth that existed in the Burbank Fuddruckers.
  Oh, of course.
  But in the corner of this Toadstool Cafe.
  Is there like a room?  Is there like a private room or something like that?  It was set back.
  It was other tables and it didn't feel like it was super special, but there was no one there.
  And I wonder why they weren't seating people there because believe me, it was busy.
  So it would make sense that you put somebody back there, but I don't know.
  So, yeah, I walked around.
  You did a pass.
  Got the lay of the land.
  Start formulating the escape.
  OK, first things first.
  We got to get past those goods.
  All right.
  I'll crawl under the table.
  Use the pipes.
  I'll hide.
  Is that running by the fire?  That fire, whatever it is, those long, elongated fire things that come out of the blocks.
  This is what I've been waiting for my whole life.
  I played Mario my whole life.
  And if I know Mario levels, I can just hit the ceiling and go one of those secret layers of top and I could just over pat overshoot this entire thing.
  I don't even have to fight the bad guys.
  And maybe there'll be war pipes that just take me all the way back up to the upper lot.
  If I can get a star, I can do that.
  That's it.
  And I can like run through and no one will even sort of notice me flips around.
  He's dead.
  Run so fast you end up next to the end ominous.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  In the upper level of the water.
  He's out.
  He's a lakeside country club.
  Suddenly he's on hole 14.
  So, yeah, those are all all the scenarios are going around in my mind.
  And then I sat back down and I said, oh, you know what they have?  Because I will say this.
  I didn't think they had to go things.
  I don't know why.
  This is fair because it is a restaurant that is sometimes a formal sit down restaurant and sometimes seemingly missing the basic functionality.
  I really I didn't think that was possible.
  I go, I'm thinking this.
  I'm like, they don't have like to go thing.
  Like, so what am I going to?  So then I go, you know what?  They do have extra cups.
  They have extra cups so I can throw the fries into the extra cup cups.
  Hey, by the way, cups and napkins.
  They do have Super Mario or Super Nintendo World exclusive.
  You know, they got the logo on the cups and napkins.
  That's true.
  A little.
  You need to break your fries.
  You also get a souvenir, too.
  So I found somebody who was very nice working there.
  I said, excuse me.
  I was speaking hushed.
  I remember I go, do you have like an extra like an extra cup?  I'm going to take some of the food out and I want to put like the fries like in there.
  She goes, oh, well, do you just want like a we have a big cupcake like to go.
  I go, that would be perfect.
  And I make a big show like, oh, thank you so much.
  This is great.
  And I truly I was like blown away that they even have it.
  And I go, of course they would have it because sometimes you don't want the dessert.
  That would be unreasonable to force everybody to eat their big desserts in that area.
  If you when we go together.
  Yes, I will get the dessert to go for you.
  You can wait outside.
  You don't have to come.
  You don't have to relive this horror story.
  Jason will talk to the guards for we are days.
  Thank you for thank you for doing that.
  I will get you something.
  I'll get you something to go.
  Well, we'll discuss it before it.
  We'll figure it out.
  And I will examine the bag that you're going to use.
  Park.
  Well, you were talking about the pulled pork being delicious.
  So maybe it was pretty good.
  Maybe I will.
  I could bring the pulled pork from Jurassic Park into Nintendo land and eat the pulled  pork while I walk around listening to the corn noises.
  Sure, sure.
  And I can have a great path to a drastic beer as well.
  Jordan, can you pull up that that burger photo that you had a while ago?  Because now you know not only the truck, not pull up the truck.
  That was a bait and switch.
  I don't want to see Leo.
  I don't want to hear Leo.
  OK, so all right.
  Now, Jack, the cigarette is that's great.
  I'll see that all day.
  But now we know the contact when you pull this up before.
  We think this is just Mike looking at a burger.
  This is Mike contemplating how to jailbreak this burger.
  That's right.
  We need to bust this burger out.
  And so we're figuring out the plan here.
  You get the cut or you get the to go containers.
  So now you got that.
  We can.
  That is enough room to put the fries.
  Did you put the burger in the I just held.
  Well, I put a napkin and held the burger separately.
  But then we're thinking, wait a minute, this is no ordinary circumstance where you just  walk out with the food.
  We got all these things that you need to try.
  People need to know how much you don't like the pink cupcake or unsatisfied by the garlic  not.
 I was.
  Did you try that pink?  I sure did.
  I eating it.
  I was like, this seems like a thing that Mike is going to order.
  And I bet he's not going to like it.
  No.
  Well, you did it.
  You tried it.
  But it was kind of a blur.
  Basically was you had done a commendable job fitting fries into that to go.
  Yes.
 But we're like, wait a minute.
  You have to talk.
  This is your job.
  Your job is to talk about these desserts and these garlic knots.
  We got to get them out.
  You should also say I put the fries in the cupcake to go container and then I dumped all the ketchup on top of them.
  So that's important fry truffle fries, ketchup.
  And then Jordan, can we go to the photo?  Mike food, too.
  So we're like, how much can we pack onto this?  So now what you see is a mount is a macho mount people.
  You have pink frosting.
  Yeah, we even gave you the crown, the very nice.
  Yeah.
  Then you have a garlic knot that you did dip in the marinara.
  And this is all on top of ketchup and fries.
  And we gave you the flag because like Mario reaching for the top of that leg, you were overcome.
  You're trying to overcome a major challenge concerned about germs.
  But everyone, everyone get in there.
  Everyone touch that food a little.
  This is a thing.
  I were going to if there was heavy covid in the Toadstool Cafe, mask or no mask.
  I think you got that covid.
  This is the most crowded.
  I think it's the same outside.
  Outside is probably like like, well, that is it is so packed.
  It is so packed outside of Nintendo land.
  That's a fairly good point.
  But I'll say this.
 I'm coming out of this pandemic less worried about service germs and way more worried about airborne terms.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  That's fine with eating food that all your friends are filing onto a platter for you.
  Kind of.
 Yeah.
  But after after a well, that's why I say wheels and goggles all day.
  That's why I say I don't it's silly.
  I don't know.
 I feel crazy.
  I feel silly sometimes.
  I don't know what's the right thing to do, but I know that a food pile at the very least is amusing.
  It was a lot of fun.
  Well, you did the right thing to do.
  The KFC famous bowl.
  Jordan, can we see Mike Food 3, please?  And this is the some results and you opted for holding the burger and not putting it into your mask.
  But look how much you fit it.
  This is a meal, not just a burger and fries, but also a sampling of desserts, children's toys, flags and hats up top.
  He has not unlocked the advanced player ability.
  You say, could I have a couple boxes?  He would have to go back to the that's when the guards get suspicious.
  That's when he's not talking to the guards.
  The hostess is like, maybe the guard should be let in on this.
  Can we get the guards on the walkie?  Hey, pal, what are you trying to pull here?  Are you going to eat this food in addition to carrying it out?  What's your deal?  The food that you paid twenty two dollars for somewhere where we didn't say to eat it several feet away.
  This is it really I'll be it's impressive.
  It looks like I could like palm two basketballs.
  I'm holding so much so much at once.
  Thank God nobody got the spaghetti and meatballs.
  Oh, my God.
  These meatballs would have blown this whole thing up.
  It's all a Bob on that goes sky high.
  Those two meatballs that Jason said were this big or so.
  I have really small hands.
  So you're supposed to like in proportion.
  Maybe wouldn't have been able to pull this.
  Oh, I wouldn't be able to do any of this.
  Also, he wouldn't have gotten himself in this situation.
  This fine mess that he's got himself in.
  No, I would just I would have just called it and lied my way through this.
  I would just let the everyone else hear the conversation.
  So he didn't really get too crowded.
  So, yeah, so I carried all of this past the guard successfully.
  And what kind of guard are you?  And when and when I went out with food, it might have been happening all day.
  Yes, I went outside and I tried to sit right outside the Toadstool Cafe.
  No, you cannot do that.
  That's where the line is forming.
  So I got one bite in, and then it was clear that the other people were being loaded right in front of me.
  No, not good.
  You go over here, actually stand over here.
  OK, sounds good.
  Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding.
  All right, maybe I not like to be here.
  OK, you did find a spot.
  I did eventually find the quietest spot, I think, in Super Nintendo Land, which is there was like a big, a tall planter.
  I think is where I was.
  I have a picture of it.
  And it was near it was near some things that kids could sit on if they wanted that were big toadstools.
  Well, I got to find that because I'm practically child size.
  So I should.
 Yeah.
  Unless it's a very evocative photos for getting meatballs.
  Yes.
  And Leo the truck.
  Leo the truck.
  You know, I'll get a better shot.
  I have some video of the food pile and sort of going walking through and I'll post that to social media.
  Well, I did an interview.
  Right.
 Yes.
  We have an interview to post as well.
  That'll be on the socials that podcast the ride there.
  I just saved myself a plug.
  Yeah.
  And so so you'll see all of that in depth.
  That'll really drive a lot of people to go to the social media to see what I think of the different frosting that's been soaked in ketchup.
  How does the how did the two types of pink frosting that even Jason didn't like, how did they complement ketchup and truffle?  I think truffle too.
  If there's truffle on fries, they often skip the ketchup.
  Mm hmm.
  Wow.
  So there you have it.
  But how is the Jurassic patio?  You guys have mentioned that multiple times.
  After all that, my God.
  Oh, never did I need a Jurassic patio more.
  Never did Erin need a Jurassic.
  Oh, she was she was thrilled.
  Yeah.
  Look, you know, she has no bridge to burn with Universal PR.
  She'll hey, we're going to complement another universal thing.
  Jurassic patio.
  That's the that's the king of the kingdom.
  That's you're talking.
  What are the drinks at the hut and then carry it upstairs?  Oh, that's right.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And you and you're going to want to take a sip before you get up there because that's a lot of real.
  Real.
  Yeah.
  You do the big boy, which Erin did again.
  Long days of coins and Leo the truck.
  She deserved that big boy.
  There needs to be.
  I think a Jurassic patio in the Super Nintendo Land would fix all the problems.
  There's upstairs space.
  There should be a place with layers.
  You know where I felt a lot of peace was in that single rider line that kind of takes you out.
  You kind of veer off to the right.
  And then we actually got a chance to like take a couple of photos, look at the whole land.
  Right.
  And if they could carve out a little corn, some little like stoop overhang to just kind of like sit, people watch, just watch that thwomp go over and over.
  And I think maybe you got it more in Japan.
  From what I can tell, Japan built up and they built down.
  I think that there's like I think you enter the castle on level two.
  Yes, that's right.
  And then there's terraces that go down.
  And I think that might be where Kenope or Toad is.
  And there's more going on on those upper levels.
  We've been on the fact that we didn't get the Yoshi Adventure ride.
  I see how they didn't have room for it.
  But we didn't get our our little the Yoshi Snack spot there in a popcorn place.
  Yeah.
  And I think some games that we didn't get.
  There is a room with a Bob-omb.
  You know, I understand it's limited space there.
  But, you know, I still want for more.
  I don't know.
  And now I wonder, now my question is, what do you do if we are to get this Donkey Kong coaster and I want it?  Where do you go?  Jordan, can you pull up the photo demolished stages?  Because this is a little bit of pre Mario action and it kind of shows you the space that you're you're working with.
  And yeah, so this is the this is demolished sound stages where Mario is now.
  You keep going back.
  You got sound stages, but now we're moving production out.
  You go all the way to the right.
  That's a big heavy duty office building and parking garage.
  They're never getting rid of that one.
  You can't get rid of the white building a few levels back where that they refurbished for the Conan Tonight show and then demolished blew up the entire plan seven months later.
  You got to keep that.
  That's television history.
  Where do you go?  Where do we get more Mario?  Shoot, I forget the name of the number.
  I think I'm sure it's like an Alicia Stella rumor.
  I'm stealing again where it's maybe I said this already.
  Whatever like the voice wherever the voice offices were is the rumor.
  Where they're going to put Donkey Kong, which is around here.
  I just forget which ones they are.
  And now they did they demolish the Phantom of the Opera stage?  The like haunted.
  Yes, yes.
  That is gone.
  That's been gone for a long time.
  You are too stupid.
  That's that's spooky.
  That's the thing they tell you is haunted.
  It's really film the original Phantom of the Opera.
  And there was this ornate theater set that was still in there that you can see in the Jason Segel Muppets movie, which I got to go to the set of.
  For funny or die.
  Yes, I met Walter.
  Hate to brag.
  Hate to name drop.
  But I did get to go in there.
  We joke about that.
  But I feel like there's a lot of Walter stands out there.
  I mean, I liked meeting him and I haven't seen the movie yet.
  I'm meeting a new Muppet and he's talking to me in character.
  It actually was pretty fantastic.
  But I got I mean, for that bit of history, it is funny they took that out of all the sound stages.
  It's the one with a ton of history.
  You know what I found out today?  Well, a couple of things.
  You know what was done in that sound stage?  All the interiors of the Bates House and Psycho were all in that same stage.
  Twenty eight.
  And any set they built, they'd have to keep that Phantom of the Opera set around, just build around it.
  So just other things would would use it.
  And an important scene to me, which is the part of Xanadu where the forties band merges with the new wave band.
  You know I love that.
  And they're making the same.
  This is like when our minds sync up, when the forties and the eighties meet.
  Yeah, I watched Xanadu over the summer shortly after Olivia Newton-John passed.
  I think I was one of the movies, like I booted up a bunch of movies when I had covid.
  And I watched like the Heartbreak Kid and Xanadu and very odd selection.
  Very odd.
  That's a great movie.
  Double feature to watch.
  Yeah.
  With the novel Coronavirus.
  But yeah, Xanadu was so much fun.
  What a delight.
  One of the most crazy weird sequences in it.
  Filmed in that sound station.
  And that is now that is literally where the Mario Kart ride building is.
  And I'm upset.
  Glad we got the ride.
  But did we have to take out where the Got Some Dancing to Do song?  That should have been.
  Dancing to do.
  The government should have put that under like national park protection.
  Yeah, well, it's you know, I blame every which president?  I blame Reagan.
  I blame Bush.
  I blame everyone up through Trump.
  Oh, no, Obama.
  I'm sorry.
  You know what?  It went down on Obama's watch.
  Oh, right.
  And look, I prefer him to Trump, but he let that Xanadu stage slide and I'll never forgive  him.
  Thanks, Obama.
  Thanks, Obama.
  But anyway, you're you're you're boxed in and it's a big ride and it's a largely outdoor  ride.
  They cannot.
  If the rumors are true of what the Donkey Kong ride is, they cannot compromise, even  if it's just the ride and no land can not compromise because of how cool it sounds.
  Jordan, can we see the photo Donkey Kong construction?  This kind of shows you the let me show you the circles here.
  Roller coasters at one like if they build that fast and the furious thing built into  the hill, they're in different spots.
  Yeah, different spots.
  People love them.
  They might have to stagger them in the in the photo.
  There's a big red oval and that is showing you the entirety of Nintendo World.
  The yellow oval is the under construction Mario.
  I'm sorry, Donkey Kong coaster.
  This is Epic Universe.
  That's huge.
  That's like more than half of it.
  Yes, it's huge.
  Dwarfs the rest.
  So they need sizable footage.
  It shows you how great it's going to be in Epic Universe in Japan when they get it.
  But what do we do?  And let me say this.
  I think you've done your time.
  Let's demolish that building.
  I don't know if it would fit.
  But and everything over there.
  What do we got?  Starbucks.
  That's out.
  It's all out.
  And now that would split the the rides up.
  But I know that's the that's it still feels like Universal Hollywood.
  It's impossible to just make it a fun like a unified place.
  There's still like piecemealing.
  Let's throw that.
  It's not going to.
  I guess it's not going to happen.
  Yeah.
  But if you want them next to each other and blue sky, all options.
  Go ahead.
  Go ahead.
  Go ahead.
  We have had a decade of Transformers.
  Right.
  Maybe it's time to I mean, don't you want the cohesion?  You were just saying you want the rise to be and we're getting next to it wouldn't make  sense the other way.
  And that's transform.
  That's the old transform getting the rise of the beast.
  The beasts are rising soon.
  Well, if you want to be a rise, you're going to make a new if you want to make a new like  footage for the ride and put the beast one on the other.
  Like footage for the ride and put the Beast Wars characters on the Transformers.
  Right.
  OK, I'm open to that perhaps.
  But I look, let's not get crazy here.
  OK, Universal needs to we're going to lose the Simpson ride at a certain point.
  Mummy is of course going to go.
  Transformers is going to become our E.
T.
  Transformers is going to become the E.
T.
 of Universal Hollywood, the classic attraction  that you take your kids to and the grandparents still love it.
  It's maybe it's going to take a few decades, but we cannot lose.
  We need a little history as far as Universal Hollywood.
  So when E.
T.
 says your name, that is equivalent to Optimus Prime giving you this giving you  the intimate moment.
  Yes.
  It's going to like take it out.
  It kind of I mean, this ride, this line isn't in the ride, but like E.
T.
's I'll Be Right  Here.
  It hasn't has that done its time called.
  It's been a long time.
  Isn't the new version your bravery saved the planet?  Yeah, botanic kiss.
  It's like a new generation's baton.
  Well, he's the give me another like even candidate out here.
  I don't I don't think we have one.
  Right.
  I think unless you're willing to reenact your passing the guard adventure daily, it becomes  a new Universal stunt show.
  We don't have we don't have our compelling story.
  Vinnigans super silly funland.
  OK.
  Oh, the bar where you go to get hammered.
  Hammered.
  Maybe that's good.
  The railroad apartment bar, the bar that's like a walk-in closet.
  That's good.
  But I don't know.
  I don't think I think I think we have to keep Transformers.
  Now, maybe they just move Transformers.
  You know, maybe you pick it up and move it.
  I don't know.
  You can move a house.
  You can move a ride.
  Yeah.
  With enough gumption you can.
  Yeah.
  Well, like Jason said, cancel the stages.
  We hate the Olympics, so we're canceling the stages and anything else that might ever be  filmed there.
  Right.
  Up Transformers over there.
  Yeah.
  And we get everything we want.
  Fine.
  Pretty far.
  I mean, you're pretty pretty close to Warner Brothers at that point.
  Barn Boulevard, you know, I I also I'll say this in all seriousness, putting a Donkey  Kong land that's very connected would at least make it feel less claustrophobic.
  Sure.
  I think maybe not.
  Maybe if it's just a small war.
  But I think that there'll be some feeling of like, oh, we can go over here and maybe  that's a different vibe than here.
  Isn't there a concept for like a Hyrule thing?  Hasn't that always been linked?  I don't know if there's an official.
  I don't think there's an official concept, but I mean, there's that's coming for sure  in some form.
  There's Pikmin.
  I didn't really get a chance.
  There's Pikmin around the land.
  Yes.
  Binoculars.
  Did you do the binoculars?  No, we didn't do them.
  They're like augmented reality.
  Yeah, we'll do that.
  And they add stuff.
  Yeah.
  Pikmin.
  Could it?  We didn't really get up to the second floor.
  It was pretty crowded by that.
  Look, there's never going to be Star Fox land, which is my favorite thing.
  Sure.
  Popular enough.
  And there hasn't been a good Star Fox game in many, many years.
  So but but they're going to try to keep expanding this and there's going to be more Nintendo.
  They'll probably end up being Nintendo in Islands of Adventure and Universal proper,  I think.
  Oh, maybe.
  Probably keep growing once they run out of land at Epic Universe.
  What would have been the new like Animal Crossing Splatoon?  Well, Animal Crossing and Pokemon and Animal Crossing are two major ones.
  Oh, sure.
  So those and then Zelda probably.
  OK.
  Metroid is still pretty popular.
  Oh, yeah.
  But that could be cool.
  Mm hmm.
  It is.
  Look, it's very Mario centric.
  Right.
  It's certainly could just be Super Mario World.
  I'm almost maybe this is where we can end it.
  I'm almost upset that they got to Mario Kart this early.
  Wow.
  I always think there should maybe be a maybe have been a proper Mario ride.
  Dark ride.
  Yeah, I thought this is for the next episode will lead us in.
  But Mario Kart almost feels in the same way that in the trailer for the Mario movie,  they're already doing Mario Kart.
  And I go, Whoa, whoa, whoa.
  Don't we want 10 sequels here?  You ain't racing yet.
  Don't we want a Mario Kart movie?  Whoa, whoa, whoa is what I say.
  Let's slow down.
  So you want a movie that is the equivalent of a queue.
  Yes.
  With details.
  Take your time.
  Yes.
  Appreciate every detail.
  The first.
  Why are we rushing to a ride?  The first movie ends with Mario and Luigi getting to the Mushroom Kingdom.
  It ends there.
  Mm hmm.
  Just the first part where they're like plumbers in Brooklyn.
  Well, now we're back to now we're back to Super Mario Bros.
  Live action.
  Essentially, I guess that's what I really after all this, that's really what I want.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Demolish the land.
  I'm a children's Blade Runner.
  And now we're in business.
  OK.
  You survived podcast the ride.
  The first part of our Super Nintendo deep dive.
  We will return not next week, but the week after that we're going to take a little late  President's Day and reflect on the sins of Obama who let the zanity stage go.
  And so we'll be off.
  But then we'll be back with more Nintendo stuff after that.
  Thanks to Jordan Katz for producing this episode.
  You can watch this on YouTube on the Forever Dog Channel.
  There's bonus episodes on our Patreon podcast, the ride, the second gate and our VIP tier  Club 3 soon to feature an episode about Jason's beloved port of entry.
  You will find all of that at Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  Well, a long episode.
  Let's get the hell out of here.
  Yeah.
  How are we going to get past this forever dog guards?  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
