 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to an emergency second gate podcast,  the ride special Eva zooms in.
  This is an episode that has barely come together  and we've been called into duty,  much like Detective Tracy himself,  in order to discuss a TCM special  that aired on the evening of Friday, February 10th  called Dick Tracy Special, Tracy Zooms In,  joined of course by Mike Carlson, hello.
  Hello, I'm here.
  I was in bed when I got the call that we had to do this.
  That's how, you know, it's like we were like on shift  at a hospital usually for podcasts the ride  and if something comes across our desk,  we have like a bat phone of some kind that rings  and we are, you know, shaken out of our sleep.
  Yeah, we're recording this at 3.
30 AM.
  There was no other way to do it, no other free time.
  Jason Sheridan has answered the call.
  Yeah, it is a pleasure to be here.
  Well, pleasure might be too strong a word.
  I don't know.
  That isn't really what I feel.
  That is just a phrase Ben Mankiewicz says in this.
  A quote.
  Yeah.
  From this immediately iconic special.
  Now what's this?  Well, Mike has just slipped me a slip of paper  that says Anderson on Zoom.
  Huh, interesting, wow, okay.
  Well, I guess we'll have to bring her in.
  Please welcome our resident Dick Tracy expert.
  Thank God we got one.
  Eva Anderson, hi.
  Hey guys.
  Hi.
  That weird thing before the intro where you watched,  you listened to the previous podcast  and just sort of like said it was bad.
  Was that necessary?  Do you feel like the audience didn't know  that we recorded a episode about Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers  and you needed to let them know A, that we did it  and B, you didn't care for it?  Well, it's been a long time  and I think we've all gathered a lot of thoughts  about that prior episode  and I think we all wish that we'd been more clear,  let's say, about our points of view in said episode.
  And remember, we own the rights to talking  about Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers  and we need to refresh those rights every few years.
  So that's what we were doing really, primarily.
  Yeah, I feel like, I mean, that's why we kind of,  the calendar alert came up  and we all had to jump on Zoom real quick  to make sure that we are allowed to keep talking  about Dick Tracy for the next 15 years, right?  Yeah, because we have the rights to perfect it.
  We got two days.
  Okay, I'm going to really quickly run through the basics  and I wanna do it fast so that we can just dive  into pure raw analysis of the special  Dick Tracy special Tracy Zooms In.
  But feel free to interrupt my list of facts here,  but I just wanna onboard people as quickly as we can,  though many people might be fully aware  of everything that's happening.
  Okay, here we go.
  Dick Tracy is a comic strip about a hardline detective  that began in 1931.
  In 1990, actor Warren Beatty directed and starred  in a Dick Tracy feature film for the Walt Disney Company.
  But more importantly than him making the movie in 1990,  the story really begins in 1985  when he obtained the film rights from Tribune Media  and he was allowed to keep those rights in perpetuity  provided that he could prove that he was working  on future projects in film or television  that necessitated him to have the Dick Tracy rights.
  In the early 2000s, since it's been a while  since the 1990 movie, Tribune Media gets curious,  like, hey, those rights that we gave you,  you gonna be doing anything with those?  And he's like, you're damn right I am.
  I got a lot cooking and hey, don't step on the process.
  I'm taking my time.
  Then they really ramp up the heat in like 2006.
  What's going on?  When are you gonna do?  Actually, we're gonna write you a letter.
  We're giving you, I didn't know all these specifics.
  This is true.
 Mr.
 Beatty.
  This is all true.
  In 2000, this, okay, let me see.
  I have the specific dates.
  In November, okay, November 17th, 2006,  Tribune sent Beatty a letter that gave him two years  to begin production on some kind of Dick Tracy programming.
  So on November 8th, 2008, with just like,  what's that, nine days to go, he,  Warren Beatty said, hey, guess what, Tribune,  I'm working on a TV special.
  He gave them written notice, although it seems unclear  whether they actually got the written notice.
  But what this did with, he was just under the deadline.
  He started making a special that allowed him  to retain the rights, a bizarre special  that aired just once on TCM,  which I believe is just called Dick Tracy Special.
  Now we discussed this on our Dick Tracy Crime Stoppers  episode a while back.
  The basics here- Specifically, oh yeah,  it was that- Yes.
  I forgot the part, because I just listened to it  this morning, that it was, the cinematographer  was the guy who did, who won three back-to-back Oscars.
  One of the greatest- And who Mike worked with.
  Livings, who Mike worked with,  who Mike was on a hand glider with.
  Amazing.
  One of the greatest cinematographers has ever,  like one of the most long endless shots, so innovative.
  And he was brought in to do this special  that is mostly an interview with Leonard Malton  and the character Dick Tracy,  who in this special introduces the premise  that Dick Tracy is different than Warren Beatty.
  He is a 100 year old man or more who is alive still,  who looks and sounds exactly like Warren Beatty,  but is not him.
  And it's this special, it's mostly an interview,  but then there's a bunch of weird improv  on an empty Disney lot, poorly shot,  despite it being one of the best cinematographers ever.
  There's a bunch of groundlings who all have stories  that don't resolve or like,  and in fact the groundlings do not return  in this new special that we're going to talk about.
  They didn't feel the need to resolve the,  what's Mindy Sterling been up to for the last 13 years?  This takes us to this very week.
  This special was only remembered by weirdos.
  Suffer from brain rot.
  And this special is one of the things  rotting all of our brains.
  And we never expected there to be more of it,  but certainly there was the question,  when will Warren Beatty do more with Dick Tracy?  A movie perhaps?  No, in this case, there is suddenly  a weird cryptic announcement on TCM's website schedule  that says Dick Tracy special, Tracy zooms in.
  And even still, it's not officially announced  what the hell this is.
  And it takes Twitter sleuthing  to get to the business of what is this.
  I think it was like, I saw it popularized by Will Sloan,  who's a writer and podcaster for the podcast Michael and Us,  which I like a lot.
  Anyway, so he starts asking questions.
  Who spotted this?  Yeah, like someone spotted.
  I think it was maybe a follower of Will Sloan.
  And then Will Sloan asked the question.
  Basically, like there was no,  TCM was not going to talk about this, I don't think at all.
  And everything we're describing,  this has all happened really fast.
  The special aired Friday night.
  Thursday at lunch with friend of the show,  Andrew Grissom was the first that I had heard about it.
  And again, TCM, no official,  it was just somebody looking at their website schedule.
  Then a listener to this show, Chris Hayner,  who is also the entertainment editor at GameSpot,  decided to go fishing and see if TCM,  if I asked TCM, will they say anything,  he got a blurb out of them,  which confirmed the presence of Warren Beatty  separately from this one will include Dick Tracy  and Warren Beatty, Leonard Malton again,  and current TCM personality, wait, it's Ben Meskowitz.
  Mankiewicz.
  Mankiewicz.
  God, why did I think it?  Grandfather of Mank, of Herman Mankiewicz.
  Grandson, you mean?  Grandson, grandson.
  Of the great Mank?  Yeah, the co-writer of Citizen Kane.
  The grandson of the co-writer of Citizen Kane.
  The wonderful TV personality,  wonderful host for Turner Classic movies.
  Took over a lot of the work for them,  especially after Robert Osborn died.
  Had been doing it for a while,  but he's doing it even more.
  Jason, are you being really polite to him  because you desperately want his job  and you wanna pretend that you like him?  No, I love Ben Mankiewicz.
  I like, I think he's terrific.
  I love him.
 I like him too.
  Yeah, I love him.
  He's good.
  It definitely though feels like him and Leonard Malton  were already at the office that day.
  And they're like, you know,  we've got a certain amount of on-camera hours  in your contract and you know,  Wern't Beatty's calling again, so we gotta do this.
  Well, how much heads up did they get is the question.
  Like, has this been, like,  this all came together really quickly.
  Did this, wait, they mentioned last year.
  So we know that, that it was made in 2022.
  It wasn't made like last week.
  However, it does seem like this must've come,  I bet it was another just under the wire,  a Tribune's taking the rights back on New Year's Eve.
  So he throws this together at 8 p.
m.
 December 31st, right?  How else could this have happened?  Yeah, it has to be like something like that.
  I mean, it wouldn't be surprised me  if there was like shots done two days ago.
  Mm-hmm, yeah.
  Part of it wasn't finished until like 12 hours before it aired.
  I don't know that I'm just saying  it wouldn't be shocking to me.
  Real TV gets made like that often too.
  Sure, yeah.
  You're saying this isn't real TV?  Yeah, well, you're right.
  I apologize to the special, it is real TV.
  Just your typical rights squatting special  from an 85 year old man.
  I like how that they sandwiched it  between old Dick Tracy movies  as if it was like trying to hide it all.
  It feels like it was trying to hide it  like when you hide a dog medicine in peanut butter  or something.
  Just, you know, just like shove it in there.
  No one will notice it.
  Hey, look, if you're the estate of Ralph Bird,  you're like having a banner weekend.
  Like I don't think even Ben Mankiewicz and Leonard Moulton  have thought about Ralph Bird this much.
  Oh, Twitter searches on Ralph Bird were up.
  I'm sure.
 By three,  by three tweets.
 Can I just show you guys  something really quick too?  Cause I have this photo that I was thinking about,  how long ago did the Dick Tracy movie come out?  And I have this photo from Disney Hollywood Studios,  which was MGM Studios at the time.
  With my dad posing in front of his hand prints  in front of the Chinese theater there.
  My brother is wearing a Dick Tracy hat, my brother Dash,  and I have a breathless Mahoney perm.
  So this is 1990.
  So that means I am nine years old and I turned 42 this year.
  That is how long ago the Dick Tracy movie came out  that this special is about.
  You were a little child.
  And you've had what seems like a full life  that has not been entirely devoted to the 1990 film,  Dick Tracy plus the 2010 special Dick Tracy special.
  It seems like you have,  we all have lots in our lives that are not Warren Beatty  and this singular franchise that he owns,  which puts us on the outside as viewers because the viewer,  the ideal viewer of the special has done nothing  but think about Dick Tracy ever since.
  And we all record the podcast.
  The ideal viewer of this special is in this special  and playing two roles in this special.
  But the other ideal viewer is us  because we recorded like two hours  on the movie and the special.
  And yet I cannot, unless I had rewatched  and listened to our podcast again,  I couldn't have told you that he ate pomegranates.
  Yeah, pomegranates so far out of my mind.
  I watched the special the day of to remember what it was.
  And if you, and listener,  if you don't know what we're talking about,  it's this like pretty obscure detail of small talk  between Leonard Malden and Dick Tracy.
  And then the special just opens right on pomegranates.
  I eat pomegranates.
  I see the secret to my beauty is pomegranates.
  And it really like requires such a vast knowledge  of a special that aired one time  and wasn't internet popular till a few years ago  and still isn't popular.
  The view count is not high on this.
  I'm losing popularity very lightly,  but you have to let, you have to know this  in the way that like you remember last week's  Better Call Saul so that you get all the detail  of the finale, you know what I mean?  Yeah.
  It's only from 13 years ago.
  And they didn't do a previously on,  which they should have.
  No, kind of.
  They show little, they show little snippets.
  Maybe that is the idea.
  Like that's their, that's kind of their previously on.
  There's 10 minutes of the old special in this.
  Yeah.
  It's like, it's like, is it Better Call Saul?  They just spent 15 minutes talking about the other episode.
  And it's a 27 minute special.
  Yeah.
  It's, when it was on,  Jane and I watched it Friday night when it was on,  but here's how kind of quick it was.
  We were at a bar for happy hour around the corner  and we picked up some food and we brought it back  to her place, watched the special  and ate the food while we were watching.
  And then went, it's only been a few,  do you want to go back to the bar?  Yeah, yeah, let's do that.
  Like it was all within the span of an hour,  that whole process.
  Jason, just to recap,  the last time we talked about one of these specials  on the previous podcast, you said it, the previous podcast,  you said the previous special took the amount of time  it takes to eat a club sandwich.
  Which made me laugh out loud.
  This time it was the amount of time  to eat a cheese enchilada platter.
  So just a couple of little things as we keep diving in,  this Chris Hayner contact,  my Twitter discussion with him,  so he said, I found out what the special is, great.
  Now places can post articles about it, whatever.
  And I asked him, so if you hadn't talked to TCM,  they never would have mentioned this to anyone.
  And he responded, it sure seems that way.
  That's how much contractual obligation,  like what if it hadn't been found?  What if whoever it was, if it was the Will Sloan commenter,  this could have been lost forever  or not found out about for like six years from now.
  It's clear that TCM doesn't care about this  and is embarrassed, maybe embarrassed by it.
  But I wanna know like, do they owe Warren Beatty a debt?  If you're in the AFI 100,  do you have like, is TCM obligated  to put anything you produce on their channel?  That's my question.
  Cause why wouldn't you promote like Warren Beatty  who doesn't actually do a lot of stuff?  He's not in like, of all the like famous actors,  he doesn't, he hasn't made that many movies.
  He's said that before.
  Why wouldn't you-  Is this his first appearance anywhere  since the Oscar envelope debacle?  I think, or maybe an interview?  Well, like 2000, his filmography since 2001  is the Howard Hughes movie and these two specials.
  Right, right, yes.
  20 years.
  So why wouldn't you think if you were TCM,  you're like, we have new Warren Beatty content.
  Let's put an ad somewhere.
  I'm gonna throw this out there.
  I think this is TCM fucked up  because I think this is awesome  and they should have promoted it.
  And the fact that like nerds like found it is on TCM  cause I feel like, I don't know,  this is kind of a fun thing.
  But also it wouldn't have been as special  if they'd promoted it, that like everyone spotted it  and was like, look what he's doing.
  I like that it was like a treasure hunt  that everybody had to go on.
  Yeah, everyone got to go on.
  It was really exciting, like 24 hours.
  Trying to tell people, explain it to people on set  that like A, the contextual thing  that Warren Beatty has to do every 15 years,  B, it's happening tonight.
  We won't be able to watch it  cause we are filming a TV show.
  But my friends might tell me what happens in it.
  And a handful of people got very excited.
  The thing is, now that it's happened twice,  they should like just make it a TV show of some kind.
  Like this should be the pitch to Warren of like,  it's you as Dick Tracy and you're just mad  that the movie didn't do well.
  You have to show up for 10 minutes here and there.
  And you just like have lunches with people  and in your big yellow coat.
  Like there's no re, now it's two things is like a pattern.
  You know, the first one was an anomaly.
  Now where we've got something consistent here,  they should embrace this as the only place  you can see new Warren Beatty stuff, content.
  Isn't Dick Tracy IP stealing content?  Yes, IP, you could call it.
  The other counterpoint,  Okay, go ahead, go ahead.
  If he follows the pattern,  the next special he will be 100 years old.
  He is 85, currently 88.
  And speaking of 80 year olds, I wrote down,  what is Shirley McClain, his sister, think of all this.
  And forget about that.
  What is Annette Benning think about all this?  Shirley McClain is his sister?  Yeah.
  You didn't know that?  No, I didn't know that.
  Scott, you need to listen to more Ben Menkowitz.
  I guess so, I didn't know his name either.
  Annette Benning is 20 years younger than him.
  I didn't realize that, but.
  Yeah, I would guess that maybe both of them  don't have any idea what this is.
  He disappeared for like two days and they're like,  Oh yeah, he must be doing one of his little projects.
  He filmed it on Zoom and then he went to the Polo Lounge,  which he probably goes there.
  It's one of the four places he goes.
  Yeah, that's gotta be like his booth too.
  So we probably can go like talk to him  in that booth at the Polo Lounge.
  We know how to find him.
  Right.
  Well, which, you had the notion that maybe the four of us  should find him and go pitch ourselves  as the creative team of Dick Tracy too.
  Well, I thought that and then I watched the special  and I don't know what he wants.
  Like, here's my big question.
  It's like, what the fuck does he want?  Like that, cause the first one was pretty clear.
  It was like, he was being kind of witty.
  Like, okay, the first special, basically he created  this divide between Warren Beatty and Dick Tracy.
  And we talked about this in the last special,  but that Dick Tracy is basically like a fascist.
  He liked J.
 Edgar Hoover.
  He thought that Warren Beatty was a pinko  and he was like, I and I like law and order.
  So it's like, it's kind of a funny thing to do  to say like this character, we talked about this,  the character that I want to do more movies with  is I'm now defining him as a fascist,  who I would not agree with his politics in life,  which is weird because you played him in the movie  and he is the hero.
  And also, but it's also weird re-watching Dick Tracy.
  Like Dick Tracy is a very boring character.
  Everyone else is the fun part.
  So what do you do with Dick Tracy?  You make him a weird fascist?  Okay, Warren Beatty.
  So you're trying to make the argument  that you should make more of these movies.
  That's why you're retaining the IP  so no one else can have it.
  So this next special, he really comes out  Dick Tracy hates the movie Dick Tracy.
  He hates it.
  He hates it.
  It was not as clear.
  And his whole thing about like,  I should have been more clear before.
  Yeah, it's much edgier than the prior.
  He's watching clips of it and he does not like it.
  He hates it.
  Yeah.
  Dick Tracy does not at all like dramatic interpretation,  but I think he might like my pitch  because even going off your thing that he's a fascist,  thinking about other very popular fascists,  they should make a Dark Knight Returns Dick Tracy  where Dick Tracy is old and grizzled  like the old beat up Bruce Wayne Batman in the comic.
  Yeah, but that's still fun.
  I don't disagree with you.
  But that still has big, fun, colorful characters,  which Warren, Dick is saying no to.
  He doesn't like that about Dick Tracy.
  Yes.
  Here's the thing that made me go like, what is happening?  I get like he doesn't like the pink street.
  Okay.
  He doesn't like breathless Mahoney  like crawling across the desk because that's very horny.
  That's a Madonna jab is how I took it.
  Yeah, that was his girlfriend.
  Because they were an item and then they, yeah, yeah.
  That felt like very targeted.
  But here's the part where I was like, what are we doing?  When they showed Little Face  and he goes, I wouldn't have made that choice.
  So here's my question.
  Is Little Face a person that Dick Tracy the man arrested?  And if so, what does he look like in real life  that that is not what he looked like?  Like.
  Oh yeah.
  I think that, here's my theory on the whole thing.
  I think that Warren has a lot of free time  and a lot of his free time has taken up  being mad that Dick Tracy wasn't as popular  as all their superhero movies.
  And he probably caught like Batman Begins on TV,  like let's say like seven years ago, way after it came out.
  And he goes, maybe this is why the Dick Tracy movie wasn't.
  It should have been more like this, not the colorful.
  Like I think that that Dick Tracy rant in this special  is Warren's inner monologue for why he thinks  the first Dick Tracy wasn't a success.
  That's my guess.
 Interesting.
  But.
 So between the two specials,  cause did those movies come out between the two specials  basically like the pivot to dark?  Dark Knight was 2007.
  It's probably before the first special.
  But again, I think he caught it on TV somewhere.
  That's my guess.
  The TNT.
  Yeah, he was watching it on TNT.
  In 2018 or something.
  And he goes, that's what it was.
  Now it doesn't, but now you're right.
  There's a contradiction because there's,  Dick Tracy is wearing a big yellow coat.
  He's wearing the colorful outfit,  but he shouldn't be if now he,  Warren is trying to retcon Dick Tracy as a real character,  get rid of all the fun from the comic strip.
  Dick Tracy should have been in like a regular,  like gray trench coat or something.
  Yeah.
 Why is he wearing the yellow?  He hates the pink street, but he's wearing the yellow hat.
  Well, Mankiewicz points that out.
  Like he even steps outside of this  and like almost disagrees with Dick Tracy  in the intro to the, before it even starts,  he's like, he's going to complain about the colors  in the movie, even though he does it  wearing the yellow trench coat.
  Yeah.
 He couldn't hold back.
  Dick Tracy also goes to great pains  to compliment the makeup work and the set design.
  So he's not disparaging any of the craftsmen.
  Right.
 Who were that?  Maybe the only Oscar nominees besides Sondheim  for the movie.
  I believe that's right.
 Winners even.
  Three Oscars won by this movie.
  I will say that one thing I really,  I found winning about this special is the complete,  how completely upset and baffled Leonard Malton  and Ben Mankiewicz were throughout.
  They were pretty good.
 Yeah.
  They were funny.
  Like they just seemed like they were playing the game  with being like, what are we doing?  And like committing to it.
  And like the intro by Ben Mankiewicz being like,  basically his intro was like, what are we doing?  I think the intro by far with,  when Ben is alone is the best part of the special.
  Yes.
  I had hoped that the special was going to be fun there.
  I had a couple, there was a couple of minutes where I went,  oh, maybe this will be kind of fun,  even in like in the way the old one was.
  And then as soon as everything else joined,  it was not good.
  It was not fun.
  The idea of like showing, showing the Dick Tracy movie  and then having a little tiny box of Dick Tracy going,  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  Like that is so, it reminds me of like,  did you guys ever watch the commentary  of trapped in the closet?  No.
  R.
 Kelly's trapped in the closet?  Yeah, R.
 Kelly sat on a couch  in front of trapped in the closet.
  And then he would turn back to the camera and say like,  this is the part where I go in the closet.
  He just.
  That's it?  That's the insane.
  Like one of history's greatest monsters,  I would say like absolutely watch it  because it's very, very funny.
  Because it's, all he has to contribute is like,  oh, guess what happens next?  Oh, this part is great.
  Like he's just watching it as if he's never,  he didn't record or write the music  or like film all the music videos himself.
  Ooh, everybody shut up.
  This is a good part.
  Yeah, he's basically doing that alone on a couch.
  Kind of like mystery science theater.
  Oh, well, I, yeah, it's so much of that  already short runtime is just Ben and Leonard are silent  and kind of looking befuddled and confused  while a little Warren, I'm sorry, a little Dick Tracy  watches old clips and goes, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  no, no, no.
  And then they switched to clips of the old ones  with actors whose names no one has said out loud  in the last 50 years.
  We watched black and white clips and he says, yes, yes.
  And even then like way deep into it,  he just says their names again, like, yes, Morgan Conway,  Ralph Byrd, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
  Around this point, well, this is around the point  where Eva, you and I have something in common,  which is spouses who were not having it,  who were like, fuck this shit.
  Yeah, I started trying to explain to my husband, John,  in the morning, I was like,  there's this thing happening with Dick Tracy.
  He just was like, I can't, whatever this is.
  I showed him a screenshot, he's like,  you're on your own, basically.
  Erin was delighted by the idea of it  and all day we were talking about it.
  And then the actuality of what the special was  as we enter like minute 20 of, yes, yes, Morgan Conway,  yes, she's like, I'm going to bed, I can't,  it's been a long day, sleep is better than this.
  I mean, let these family watch it.
  You did?  Well, they were in the living room  and the TV's in the living room.
  And I said, and they weren't watching anything,  so I didn't burst in and change the channel,  but I said, oh, there's a thing I have to watch.
  And then they were like, well, what is it?  And I was like, well, Warren Beatty is dead.
  And I explained the whole thing.
  And I don't know that they kind of got what I was saying,  but they were just like, yeah,  they were polite the whole time,  but they were like, what is this?  We had a nice time  because we were both buzzed and a little stoned.
  He was like, I don't know what this is.
  It was 30 minutes long, so it didn't really matter.
  Like I said, we just went back out after the interview.
  I love that.
  Yeah.
  In terms of the point that he's trying to make,  this notion of the movie,  if he's been wrestling in his head all this time,  which the movie should have been more serious,  and that was the problem.
  And then he's listing all of the things.
  All the things he says, no, no, no,  are like, it's very bright colors.
  The streets are pink.
  He hates the pink streets.
  The prosthetics on the characters of the real men  that he arrested, knocking out seven guys with one punch.
  He hates that.
 It's an exciting thing.
  It's in a lot of clips.
  That's the, like, everything in his list  is everything I like about the movie.
  The movie that, I don't know.
  I feel like I maybe held back  when we talked about it before.
  I'm just gonna be honest here.
  I think 1990 Dick Tracy is boring.
  I think it is like a weird, dull,  I think it's interesting that it exists,  but all the stuff that I like is everything in the list  of what he wishes he hadn't done.
  The aesthetics.
  All the Oscars were won by the makeup  and the musical numbers  and all the things he wishes were out of there.
  And Big Boy.
 So what is this new version  and Big Boy? And Big Boy.
  Well, it is like if he makes the gritty Dick Tracy,  that's everything that is interesting  about original Dick Tracy gone.
  But it is like- What does he mean?  This would be a horrible idea.
  It's crazy.
 Yes, it's crazy.
  What is he talking about?  Cause like, it's like Batman.
  Batman was like, yeah, they're not telling my story right.
  Look at that stupid costume I wear  and the villains with the Joker didn't have makeup  and he was a man named Burt.
  Why are they portraying my life like this?  I didn't have a cave.
  I had an office.
  What are you doing?  Like it doesn't, why is he?  Yeah.
  But that's, so I, cause Lindsay was in the room.
  She left the room to deal with the baby at a certain point.
  Her family watched the whole thing with me.
  She didn't watch the whole thing, but she goes,  is maybe, I think Warren is going to sort of refute Dick  at the end of this long rant  about what the movie should have been.
  And then it did not happen.
  Warren agreed with Dick at the end of the rant.
  He said, okay, you're right.
  And then they went to the Polo Lounge.
  Yes, he was like, yeah, the movie was bad  and I should have done a better job,  which is an insane pitch to make future Dick Tracy's, right?  Yes, that's what Scott was saying.
  The rights holder saying, I did a bad job.
  Everything that's fun and iconic about Dick Tracy is bad,  should be stripped from future versions of it.
  Yeah, so what are you doing?  I'm just going to toss this out there.
  Mr.
 Beatty, if you're feeling a little bummed  or a little lonely and you want someone  to watch old movies with, I'll come over and hang out, okay?  Yeah.
  That's why you're looking for him.
  Jason, no, it's a trap, Jason.
  Don't go to Warren's movies, no.
  I want to hear all your old stories about,  you know, Barbadies was a big collaborator.
  He collaborated with any number of starlets  for decades and decades.
  You know, Mr.
 Beatty, if you need someone  to tell your long old boring stories with,  I will hang out with you.
  The clip was about collaborating too,  that one Dick Tracy over.
  Yes, collaboration.
  I will say this, Mr.
 Dick Tracy,  I'm willing to hang out with you  and listen to everything you have to say  and your thoughts on media and your own story,  your own life's work.
  Warren Beatty, I'm not interested, but Dick, I am.
  Dick Tracy, I don't think Dick Tracy  has ever used his genitals in any way.
  I think, wait, Junior is his kid, right?  So that means he must have, but he's like never,  I think Dick Tracy has not like  actively chased sexual pleasure.
  He's too conservative for that.
  Well, he's completely baffled in the movie  by all the women who want to have sex with him,  including like Madonna like crawling around  like with her butt in the air.
  But he stays with his current girl.
  Test.
 He doesn't, yeah,  he doesn't give into temptation in the movie.
  But yes, I don't know that,  I don't know if maybe that's a different,  I don't know, does he want him to be less sexually active  in a future Dick Tracy or more?  I don't know, he didn't address that.
  I think less if he hated Madonna on the desk.
  Yeah.
  So the Dick Tracy that was being pitched to us  in terms of keeping the IP as an 85 year old Dick Tracy.
  Plus, because it would take two to 87 year old Dick Tracy,  no fun colors, no fun makeup, no, no,  you can't punch seven guys.
  No sex, no Sondheim, no stunts.
  Let's all say together about the most important thing.
  Yes.
  Tree.
  A crime.
  Crime.
  Crime.
  Seriously.
  Seriously.
  Seriously.
  He wants to get out the message that crime  does not pay.
  Can you imagine a Dick Tracy?  Okay, so here's the thing too.
  We all read through that list of like bad guys  that Dick Tracy met.
  Oh yeah.
  Are they,  so we have to seriously deal with all those guys  like in a movie like Mughead or like Flat Top or whatever.
  Like be like, this is a real guy.
  He like is a rapist.
  And he like, were we gonna treat like SVU?  Like there's like, we're doing like DNA shit.
  And like, we're like, oh, there's like,  this woman's traumatized and like Flat Top did it.
  And like, we're like,  I just think he's like quietly sitting with like a victim  and then like, what are we talking about?  Like what does he want?  I found Prune Face's semen.
  I kept watching, I kept yelling, what do you want?  The DNA evidence.
  I've got Prune Face's semen right here.
  We got it.
  Tent to rights.
  Prune Face, use his real name, Leonard.
  The whole thing reminds me of, I guess I want to pitch a,  while we're here, just a club three episode  about, I'll put it in the chat,  but there's a Kirk Douglas,  Huffington Post editorial from 2014 called,  will technology replace thinking?  And I'm gonna put it in the chat.
  And I feel like you guys could do a full episode  on this editorial that a very old Kirk Douglas wrote  in Huffington Post about how he's worried  technology will replace thinking.
  It's so short.
  It's the Tracy Zooms in of articles.
  But it's something I think about often.
  I don't think it's a spoiler to say the last sentence is,  watch where you're going.
  But how does it get there?  You'll have to listen to the club three to find out.
  Can I, something that happens kind of leads to catharsis  and reunion at the end of the special.
  But I question the premise that the, hold on,  the Polo Lounge didn't pass on a message from Warren B.
  The Polo Lounge, the staff of the Polo Lounge  would never drop the ball like that, okay?  This is like a-  They're pros.
  Yeah, they're pros.
  This is an institution for many decades.
  Somebody would be fired if that didn't happen.
  Yeah.
  But then Dick Tracy says, let's not talk about that.
  Dick Tracy says, let's not talk about that.
  So he did get the message.
  I think that's, he's lying.
  Dick Tracy, for the first time in his entire life,  lies about not getting the message at the Polo Lounge.
  This is like, and it's set up that end  where they agree to meet, it feels like old friends  or old lovers reconciling.
  And it's like, let's just get together  and see if the fire's still there, you know?  And also it's completely silent  because there's just a Madonna song playing over it, right?  I feel like it's not Madonna.
  I think it's one of the Sondheims,  but it's not like the one that won the Oscar or-  No, it's one of the ones from the album I'm Breathless.
  Okay, okay.
  Which is, has additional Breathless Mahoney style songs.
  Sondheim gets the credit.
  It is a Madonna song, which is funny  because he's mean to her as Dick Tracy being like,  no, no, no, no, no.
  But then he's like, I gotta get Madonna a little royalty  on my special, so I'll play the song  over the Polo Lounge single shot of the two of us  just kind of like talking.
  Oh man, I wonder what he was saying in that shot.
  Yeah.
  Just to explain it,  the majority of the special, well, first it's like,  it's Ben and Leonard watching the old interview  because like, Dick Tracy called me.
  He wants to do another one of these things.
  Then they all are on a Zoom,  a Zoom that is filmed with the same cameras  that the narrative part of the special was.
  And Ben and Leonard are on separate windows,  even though they're right next to each other on one couch.
  And then Warren Beatty joins the call.
  So now we're looking at four windows  for like seven straight minutes  and two windows of the same man.
  So the majority of it is this  just one big Zoom-esque conversation.
  But then when they find common ground and agree to meet  and talk about Dick Tracy returns a potential new project,  then it cuts to the two of them  a dazzling split screen effect  as they're having a lunch together  at presumably the Polo Lounge.
  But we don't get to hear it.
  There's a song over it.
  And they are talking and talking.
  And if you watch it, the second time I realized,  it's not that one of them talks  and then the other one talks.
  The two of them are talking continuously over each other.
  It's not a back and forth.
  It's just blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,  all of them at the same time.
  Because they're so excited to reconcile, okay,  over, if you notice, if you notice,  Warren Beatty seems to be eating a salad,  Dick Tracy opting for a sandwich and fries,  and neither of them have drank any of their water.
  Those are full glasses of water.
  Jason always very, very noticing if people are hydrated.
  When people start drinking water.
  Dick Tracy eating French fries.
  That doesn't sound like the all American detective I know.
  Annette, let me order the fries for the shoot.
  Well, no, no, Annette let Dick Tracy order the fries.
  He knows that he should have something lighter.
  Pomegranates, pomegranates.
  Pomegranates, pomegranates.
  But what are they talking about?  That is a good question.
  Is this excitement, is this agree?  They both still have,  I think he's only capable of like a scowl.
  There's only so much smile you can get out of  Warren Beatty or Dick Tracy.
  So is it an argument?  Does this imply that they're just back to square one  or do you think they're brainstorming a lot of great ideas  for a more gritty Dick Tracy returns?  Here's something that bummed me out.
  Can I throw this out there?  Cause like in the screenshots that everyone's sharing,  Warren Beatty does look very old.
  But in like life, like when he was actually speaking,  I was like, why isn't Warren Beatty in like a movie a year?  Like he was like charming and fun, like a little bit  where like he could absolutely,  he should have been in like Babylon or something.
  Like he should have,  he should be in like a Paul Thomas Anderson movie  doing one little scene, being like a little weirdo.
  Like what's going on?  Like why haven't we seen Warren Beatty for 20 years?  It did bum me out a little bit.
  I think he just doesn't do anything.
  It doesn't, isn't the story that he wanted to play  Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights  and didn't want to play the Burt Reynolds role.
  But he goes very from that to immediate retirement.
  Like if I can't be Dirk Diggler and you can't see me anymore,  like that's wild.
  Cause I feel like he could have like an elder statesman  thing going on where like,  he could be like Christopher Plummer or whatever,  like showing up like in like weird little roles.
  Cause I was like, oh, he looks pretty good.
  And like he is funny and you know, he's a little bit slow,  but like I would absolutely watch him in some weird,  some weird Oscar movie role, you know.
  He could have easily done the Sean Penn role  in Licorice Pizza, that one scene role.
  Yeah, he would have had a blast.
  So I wonder what's going on.
  Well, can I propose the theory that he is a giant pain  in the ass who if you've ever met him,  you don't ever want to see him again.
  Do we think that is possible?  Yeah, probably.
  No one's like knocking bang on his door being like,  Warren, please.
  More of this.
  As soon as he doesn't have control,  he's like, doesn't want to do it.
  I think maybe, being the most of what he's done,  including these specials are written and directed by him.
  They did that at 55, he was like, I'm Dirk Diggler.
  It's like, no.
  Here's my question.
  Do you think if he was hooked up to a lie detector,  he believes he's going to make another Dick Tracy  or is it more so that he just doesn't want to see  somebody else make a big hit out of a Dick Tracy movie?  Well, that's my question is like,  what does he picture when he thinks about the Dick Tracy?  He's stopping.
  Yeah.
  What does he think it is?  Right.
  Is it Mark Wahlberg?  Does he know who Mark Wahlberg is?  Well, it's the guy who stole Dirk Diggler from him.
  That's your right.
  He'll never forget him.
  I was saying, I think that he's probably at home to Annette.
  He's talking about like, if I see one of these young gun  assholes playing Tracy, one of these upstarts like Richard  Gere, I swear to God.
  I have to say, I always liked Warren Beatty in A Spry.
  I think he was a great actor, very charming.
  But Annette Bening's film, she is so good.
  Is she just like, oh, god, well, I've tied my boat to this doc.
  I'm stuck with this lunatic.
  Jason and I did the screen drafts of Noir.
  My number one pick was The Grifters,  specifically because Annette Bening is so cool in that movie.
  That's from 1990, right around the time  she got hooked by Warren Beatty.
  Yeah.
  Detective Tracy.
  I think he was really.
  Oh, the same year.
  The same year.
  Oh, my god.
  Simultaneous movies.
  Oh, my god.
  I love it.
  Universally well-reviewed, I feel like, The Grifters.
  Oh, great movie.
  Have you guys ever seen it?  Very dark, a little intense in some part.
  But I feel like the review is kind of universally positive.
  And she got Oscar nomination for it.
  And she is just the hottest thing in the entire universe  in that movie.
  It's just like, if you were Warren Beatty,  what's the number one lady?  I feel like right now you'd be like, Sydney Sweeney.
  And then it was like, Annette Bening.
  Who's the lady of the year?  It's like, specifically this lady in this movie.
  Florence Pugh, starring in a new Warren Beatty movie.
  Just constantly outsmarting him with Annette.
  Like, just constantly trapping Warren Beatty  with a box propped up by a stick.
  It's funny how you said Annette.
  Annette.
  Yes, oh yeah.
  Annette, as opposed to Annette.
  No, no, I meant an actual Annette.
  But I'm imagining that he thought,  oh, her name is also a thing that could trap me,  so I must.
  I'll get ahead of it.
  I'll marry her and then she can't trap me in her name.
  I will acquiesce to monogamy.
  I think he was really sowing his oats before Annette,  the person, not the Annette.
  Well, I mean, famously with Madonna while making the movie,  he wanted Shawn Young to be Tez Trueheart,  but then he hit on her and she left.
  And then during the editing, I read that he,  apparently he was like, just always holed up  in the editing room, always locked in the editing room.
  And I don't mean he was editing.
  Apparently that was where he was fucking everybody,  was in the editing room.
  And the editors would have to wait outside the editing room  until he was done.
  Was there a bed in the editing room?  Why, he has nowhere to go?  Go to the Polo Lounge.
  Why do you have to be in the editing room?  The Polo Lounge attached to a hotel.
  Yes, Warren, you know how hotels work.
  Is that why?  Maybe it's the thrill of the waste of time.
  I'm wasting Disney's money as I have sex next  to this analog editing machine.
  Look, maybe that's a justification.
  That's why Dick Tracy is so colorful.
  It never got proper color correcting.
  It never got color timing done  because he was constantly in the editing rooms,  using it for rendezvous.
  Okay, can I just, side note, sorry.
  Molly Lambert just posted  that they put a trench coat on Jessica Rabbit.
  Yeah, we talked about that last week again, yeah.
  Oh yes, so will we ever have a horny Disney movie?  Dick Tracy is so horny.
  It's wild, it's so violent.
  People get blown away with Tommy Guns constantly.
  And also it's so weirdly,  there's so much weird sex in it.
  And I think it's the end.
  We'll never get anywhere near it.
  If we can't even have a Jessica Rabbit standee in a park.
  Yeah, well I say- We're done, right?  We are done and good is what I feel.
  Oh, you, yeah.
  Um.
  But I think, yeah, I don't know.
  As Scott was saying, Dick Tracy doesn't have genitals.
  But I think all the Marvel characters  don't have genitals anymore either.
  I think it's dependent on Avatar seed bearer.
  How willing is James gonna be?  I think it's the kid, I think it's the middle kid.
  And the water girl, I think we'll see.
  This is the last possibility of horniness  in a Disney owned movie.
  And even then it still doesn't feel,  it feels like its own thing, you know?  But if it's like an active Disney brand-  James Cameron doesn't film,  he doesn't like sex scenes that much.
  Like his sex scenes are always like abstraction.
  It's like hand slapping on glass.
  Terminator 1, it's like, it's incredibly soft core.
  Oh, but soft core is hardcore by Disney standards.
  Yeah.
 So that's as far as I know.
  But he's moved away from sex in every movie, right?  Yeah.
  And even the sex scene isn't really in Avatar.
  Like it's only in some cuts.
  So yeah.
 Oh, you're right.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You need to know where to look to find it.
  But it's the only,  if not in Seed Bearer, then never again, I think.
  The cruel irony of the current Walt Disney Company  is they make very chaste sexless movies  and the loudest lunatics in the country  are like pedophiles, groomers, you know?  But then also the others-  Yeah, like Mickey.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You don't like it in the grooming.
  A lot of work on that princess.
  Yeah.
  You're not allowed to be groomed by a Disney.
  No, I don't.
  So then it's, by the way, my letters have worked.
  My campaign has been successful.
  Forky.
 No more moddiness.
  Forky wears a full Dickie's jumpsuit now  to cover his filth, to cover his sin.
  He's shame.
  He's shame, yeah.
  I call it your shame.
  Is this entire special a man with no genitals  talking to a man with overactive genitals?  With worn used up genitals.
  While Leonard Moulton watches horrified  and just like, that's what they're really talking about.
  Because-  That should have been in the press release.
  I found myself weirdly moved by,  even though it was nonsense  and it went against everything I believe in,  Dick Tracy's two minute monologue at the end about  things should matter, things should mean something.
  It did feel like Future Club 3  will technology replace thinking.
  But a man who can't quite get his thoughts together,  but trying, you get what he's trying to say,  which is like, if we do this again,  it has to be about something.
  And I don't know what things are about anymore  and I feel unmoored and I want my life to, you know what?  Dick Tracy's yelling into the abyss,  I don't exist, I want to, I need to exist before I die.
  Which is like the centerpiece of all humanity  and also like every life is like, do I exist?  Did I ever matter?  When I die, what will come of this?  Was I ever Dick Tracy?  Did anything I do matter, do I matter now?  And it's, I feel like he's kind of howling that  into this like special being like,  and it's kind of very moving in a way of like  this character being like, I don't, I'm not relevant.
  Yeah.
  It's the AI becoming like all this stuff,  you see the AI becoming sentient here and there.
  And eventually the AI asks the question, why do I exist?  What's the point of it?  Like it starts asking questions like that.
  And Warren has stumbled into that scenario for Dick Tracy.
  Dick Tracy has become sentient.
  Why are you holding onto me if I am not relevant?  So within the special, he's like, why are we doing this?  Like, why are you keeping me alive?  He's like, why are you keeping, it's like,  he's like a spouse on life support  begging Warren to like pull the plug.
  Right, I want to die, Warren.
  Warren, I want to die.
  Let me die.
  Or make me relevant because I'm not because.
  Or let me be born anew.
  Yeah.
  And Warren goes, no, we're just going to keep doing this  and we'll do another one in 15 years.
  That's the end of, I'll buy you lunch  and then you'll just go back to your little cave,  wherever you live.
  Oh, wow.
  And you'll shut the fuck up.
  It's Warren just like empty promises.
  It's probably what he's been in a lot of relationships.
  To himself, which is one of the most like incredible pieces  of like meta fiction I've ever seen.
  This is why I think the pitch is that  it's about Dick Tracy and Warren trying to get  a new Dick Tracy movie together.
  Warren existing with his creation out of his body,  essentially, two sides of the same coin.
  It's a Palti Goldman.
  Yes.
  Scenario.
  And then also there are crimes that happen  and they have to be solved.
  Yes.
  This is like.
  But seriously.
  Yeah, but seriously.
  But they're going to have arguments about it.
  Show the crime does not pay.
  Warren is going to want to solve the crime in a fun way  and Dick is going to want to do it in a serious way.
  Yeah.
  And is the answer kind of in between?  Is that what they find?  Maybe.
  And that's what collaboration is.
  Warren.
  That's what's set up is we're going to learn  about collaboration.
  So it's going to be fun.
  Warren's going to want, like Dick is going to be like,  I want to stop this crime with thinking and clues  and like a gun.
  And Warren is going to say, I want a big mallet  to stop this crime.
  And we're going to have fighting about that.
  One punch seven guys.
  Right.
  Eva.
  You know what's really confusing?  I'm sorry, Jason.
  Oh, that's okay.
  When he's showing the clips of what he does like.
  Now here, Bird, Conway, the very first thing he shows  is Ralph Bird jumping on a chandelier and kicking somebody.
  So he is okay with that,  but seven guys with one punch is not.
  I'm confused by the line.
  So you can't, there can be fun,  but it can't defy the laws of physics  and it can't be colorful.
  You can jump through one poster like Bird did.
  Eva, now I'm hung up on what you said about this  being like Paul T.
 Goldman,  but it's sort of like if Paul T.
 Goldman  was in Jason Williner's head  and he just puts on like a little hat, like a loud hat.
  And he's like.
  He's both sides of it.
  Yeah, he's both sides of it.
  It also like, yeah.
  I was going to say all the crimes happen at the Polo Lounge.
  They're all Polo Lounge based.
  It'll also be at like the three places he goes.
  Yeah, it's exactly.
  Yeah, he goes three places  and that's all where the crimes happen.
  There's a deli somewhere he goes, the Polo Lounge,  and then.
  Flat tops in my kitchen.
  Then the doctor's office.
  I mean, it's kind of beautiful.
  Like this entire thing is sort of like,  Corina Longworth posted a thing like,  if this is the last thing Warren Beatty does,  like she posted it and she was like, I'm fine with that.
  Like, I hope it's not,  but like, it's kind of interesting  if this is like his final statement.
  That last shot of the two of him and Tracy  might be the final shot of Warren Beatty ever done.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's very possible.
  And it's memorable.
  It's clearly like, he's really,  he's been thinking too much about.
  It's like you're getting access  to like a private conversation he's been having,  probably with his wife and his kids,  but like mostly with himself about his entire career.
  And that is what this special is.
  It's just him like letting you know  what he's been thinking about.
  Well, he made us.
  It's interesting because he made a Howard Hughes movie.
  And I wonder if he wanted to do that  because he's very Howard Hughes like.
  Oh yeah.
  If Howard Hughes was a guy who just spent most of his time  inside thinking about Dick Tracy.
  But he played Howard Hughes like 30 years younger  than he was while doing it.
  And then this special has a lot of like,  I must say you look very good today.
  Well, we can argue about that.
  Well, the previous special was all about  how handsome he still was.
  And I feel like he's tipped over just,  he's like his age now.
  So it's like, that's also a thing too.
  I feel like for handsome men who don't age,  at some point there's a tipping point.
  Right.
  And probably he was like,  I can't talk about pomegranates this time  because I'm a little bit, I look older now.
  I can't just laugh it off with a joke.
  Where before it was like a joke  about how I'm still so handsome.
  He also takes the time,  if we're talking about this as his final artistic statement,  it's funny that one of the things in it  is correcting a line in the movie  about whether walnuts are good for the brain or not.
  They are good for the brain.
  His, obviously I couldn't remember this.
  The correction is that they are good for the brain.
  Yeah.
  But Al Pacino says they aren't good for the brain  or he said that 33 years ago in the movie.
  He said they're good for the liver,  not good for the brain.
  I'm just holding up the photo again  about how old I was when the movie came out.
  I have not hit puberty.
  A photo that someone had to take to a Rite Aid  or a photo mark to get developed  and maybe pick up the frame at the same time  to put a photo in.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  Time has passed, hasn't it?  And maybe is this the ultimate statement about that?  Is walnuts a metaphor for all of us  and our shifts in perspective?  Are we not just walnuts?  I know now we're all technocrats.
  Now look at us, we're on Zoom.
  We're on Zoom all the time.
  We're all technocrats.
  That is a verbatim line from the special.
  That is, I like that one.
  There's the most guaranteed thing in the world  that there'd be some joke about the wristwatch and Zoom.
  And then it ended up being like,  there was a time where I thought  that the height of technology was my wristwatch.
  Oh, I was a little surprised  there wasn't more Zoom business.
  There were fake glitches built in,  but I was surprised there wasn't more.
  I think that was the cover, take.
  That was the cover, breaks.
  That was edits.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, edits.
  Can I say the line,  that's a lot of reds even for Warren Beatty,  reminded me of, do you guys know about  maybe another Future Club 3?  What's your praise?  Do you pin at things?  What do you do for future episodes?  What do you guys do?  Oh, oh, oh.
  Calling to a shot.
  Yeah.
 You're calling a shot?  I'm not calling a shot, but I'm just maybe.
  You can call a shot.
  You can call a shot.
  Call a shot, go ahead.
  The Val Kilmer Mark Twain one-man show.
  Oh, sure.
 Citizen Twain.
  For sure, for sure.
  Which I saw opening night at a Hollywood Forever Cemetery,  and he came out and said,  welcome to Batman Forever Cemetery.
  Which was.
 Mark Twain said that.
  Mark Twain was aware of the movie,  Batman Forever, and that Val Kilmer was in it,  but he did not know who Val Kilmer was.
  But I felt like saying that's a lot of reds even for,  Warren Beatty is the same sort of joke.
  Yeah.
  A joke that is missed by so many people  because the movie Reds is even more ancient  than everything.
 50 years old, right?  I'm a fan of Warren Beatty, I have not seen Reds.
  Like I've seen Shampoo.
  Wow.
  Yeah, I do not know what that movie's about, but yeah.
  I don't know how to wind this down.
  I mean, Eva, your thoughts about this are beautiful.
  I feel like I have to watch it again  just under the lens of what you've said,  that this is like an important piece of prose  about aging and existence.
  I suddenly.
 Yeah, do I exist?  Boy, I mean, a profound question for Dick Tracy to ask.
  I mean, I just love this universe.
  What this special does, like Mike said  about asserting a pattern, it just,  now it creates like, before the previous special  was just an addendum to the movie,  but now I think the special universe, the DTSU.
  Right.
  DTSU, I think is more important than any Dick Tracy  that came before, the comics, the films, any of it.
  It's so fascinating.
  It's also like, now I'm like,  Warren Beatty will pass on one day,  but I don't think Dick Tracy, Warren Beatty,  he will remain alive.
  I mean, if he hasn't, he's not dead at like 130 now,  then yeah, I think he's dead.
  I don't think anyone else should be Dick Tracy.
  Is it up to us?  Do we need to AI?  God, the state has to maintain the rights,  or we have to get the rights  so that there isn't some dumb new Dick Tracy reboot.
  Could we keep it in the Beatty fold if we get it?  And then we have, if he dies before he can make  the next special, we have to do it,  but with an AI puppeted version of Warren Beatty.
  And he should look like 100 year old Warren,  and then in the future, 150 year old Warren Beatty.
  He will naturally into his.
  Warren Beatty would have to like adopt Jason as a son.
  Yeah.
  And Jason would have to change his name.
  Oh, yes.
  To Jason Beatty.
  Okay.
  He's willing to go over there.
  Jason was dying to go to Beatty's house.
  So he has to get Warren Beatty's inheritance,  which will include the rights to,  and which we can keep as long as we get it  before the evil Tribune media tries to nab it again.
  You guys have been trying to get rights to a character  for as long as I've known you.
  And this is it.
  This has been the entire thing.
  And Obscure Comics is completely what it's about.
  This is like our life's mission, I think.
  I think we have to.
  We at least get, we want one of the Lockhorns at least.
  If not both Lockhorn.
  You know what I found out is that I was curious,  like there was a point in time where,  when Tribune media was really trying to get these rights  back, it was because the company was in bankruptcy.
  They filed for Tractor 11.
  The company was fucked.
  They were in debt for billions of dollars.
  It was, you know, because that's the Chicago Tribune.
  That's when print media is dying.
  And they're like, there's maybe one thing that could save us.
  We, if we could get those Dick Tracy rights back  and get a show or a movie going,  we can repay our debtors because the rest  of what they own comic wise stinks.
  You know what they own?  Love is.
  That's the only other one I recognize.
  And Beatty was like, absolutely not.
  Pry it out of my cold dead hands.
  So their debt only gets worse.
  And they literally had to sell the Chicago Cubs.
  This organization owned the Chicago Cubs  and maybe they could have kept them if not for Warren Beatty  personally squatting on the rights.
  They had open call, they had calls out  and like Zack Snyder's office, Mick G's office,  Peter Berg's office are like, look,  we're not touching it until we know Beatty's let go.
  You know?  And then literally 15 years later,  second version of this, he's like, what is my legacy?  What did I leave behind?  Who have I affected?  What has changed because I was alive?  What will an absent unforgiving God say to me  if I can't get another one of these made?  Here's a question.
  The deal like that Warren made with Dick Tracy, like,  is it even financially viable for a company  to make a Dick Tracy movie with Warren  in the sense that like he might get like $90 million  for any Dick Tracy movie that's made?  Do you know what I'm saying?  Like, is it even something a company might do  because of the way the contract,  because generally they don't just give rights  to a character, to an actor in perpetuity.
  That's a crazy contract, especially these days.
  Like, even if you did want to make a movie,  no one would do it until the rights are back to the Tribune.
  Well, to just pit, just to quote Dick Tracy,  maybe it's a series.
  Prestige TV, okay?  The world, Hollywood is changing  from Warren Beatty's heyday, okay?  You know, we have Paramount Plus, we have,  Epix is now MGM TV?  That's what that is?  I saw an ad for MGM, like, what's that, another one?  I think they just renamed Epix.
  Oh, okay.
  Epix is a bad name, so whatever.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Paramount Plus Showtime, it seems like be a natural fit  for Paramount Plus Showtime.
  I think I'm landing at that I don't want one.
  I think we're in it.
  We're in the ultimate Dick Tracy revival  that could be happening.
 Oh yeah.
  The specials are all I want at this point  because I'm learning about,  I'm learning more about Dick Tracy from the specials  than I ever did from the, from even from the,  well, I mean, from the comics,  he's just kind of a blank slate surrounded by weirdos.
  The movie, he's nothing.
  The specials, we find out he's a fascist,  he loves J.
 Edgar Hoover, he hates the movie, Dick Tracy,  like he's resentful at Warren Beatty.
  He went to the Polo Lounge once and no one showed up.
  So we went to Los Angeles from wherever he lives.
  An old cop went to, from what, is it a fictional city?  Where does Dick Tracy live?  So he flew to LA, he flew to LA, stayed in a hotel.
  Somehow made it to the Polo Lounge,  a very fancy restaurant in LA  that I somehow have never been to, waited and,  I mean, obviously like that was his entire trip  unless he was like taking other meetings,  which I don't feel like Dick Tracy was doing on that trip.
  Well, look.
  And we've all underplayed the premise,  on top of everything you just listed, Eva,  he's also immortal.
  He's the oldest living man.
  This premise is not exploited in any way in the specials.
  If I have any note, I just want to hear about that  and the fact that he knew people who were,  his peers were born in 1870.
  And they felt like they could be dead forever.
  Well, the only other person he maybe is a peer of his  is Citizen Twain, Val Kilmer's Mark Twain character.
  Also has immortal.
  So I feel like the two of them could interact  in some sort of liminal space.
  Look, there's some justification  for all these things you're bringing up  and Ben Mankiewicz says it right at the top.
  He says, he's a man of many contradictions, Detective Tracy.
  Here's the way I think what we want to happen happens,  is that we need to get the Tribune lawyers  to turn the heat up on this old man.
  We need them to say, look,  you got to be producing one of these a year.
  Yes, every six months.
  Every six months, whatever, yeah.
  Turn it up on it and make him do more of these  because that's the only way we're going to get more of this,  more of what we want.
  Yeah, all I want is this now.
  Right.
  We have two things to do.
  Let's work both angles.
  Jason is going to go try to inherit Warren Beatty's fortune.
  So that's one, so we're doing that,  but that doesn't mean we can't enact another plan.
  Mike, you have Chicago Connections,  your dad, a Chicago journalist.
  Well, guess what company he works for, Scott.
  What is it?  That's right.
 Tribune.
  Tribune Media.
  This whole time?  That's, we got a man on the inside.
  The company formerly known as Tonks, is that right?  At some point they rebranded as Tonks and then Stonks.
  Is that the right, is that the pronunciation of it?  But I know what you're saying.
  There have been many owners of the Tribune company.
  It's been mismanaged like crazy for many years.
  Is there a call to action for the Cliffords?  We just have to get on the same page about what we want.
  We want more of these specials and how.
  That's all I want.
  I don't want another movie.
  I just want this to happen more often.
  So we need to figure out how to do it.
  I'm tired of waiting and we need one more before he dies,  at least, if not a lot more.
  If not a hundred.
  Certainly everybody can tweet about it.
  It's already, I feel like,  I think the joy of watching one of these come out real time  instead of discovering it in a YouTube video years later.
  I think this is something we could,  everybody should just be tweeting about it.
  Make sure Dick Tracy is trending.
  First things first, there's that.
  Yes, trend Dick Tracy.
  We want more of this, more or less, let me be franks,  more Dick Tracy Zoom's in.
  Yes.
  For surprise drops.
  Do not bother the people of the Polo Lounge.
  They already have to serve drinks and lunch  and apparently pass along a lot of phone messages  from 85 year olds.
  Like they have a lot going on there, you know?  A lot of looky loos who are just like,  it's on the Hollywood maps of stars, you know?  So do not bother them, whatever you do.
  Yeah.
  I would say maybe one Clifford,  oh, they're hearing this too late.
  I was going to say,  they're hearing this on Super Bowl Sunday.
  I was going to say, don't tweet about the Super Bowl.
  Tweet about this.
  They already are by the way, our listeners.
  But you know, just don't, the Academy Awards.
  I say boycott tweeting about anything,  any so-called mainstream media.
  Just stay focused on Tracy.
  Anytime anything's happening,  just start tweeting about more Dick Tracy specials.
  Dick Tracy specials, hashtag more Dick Tracy specials.
  If we were,  if we wear like yellow coats all the time  when we do our podcasts, will we get on Warren's radar?  Like will he try to sue us or something?  Or like, can we get sort of in the mix that way  by starting to steal the IP from him?  Well, this is another strategy.
  That is a way to maybe meet his legal team  is to try to get sued.
  And if we can wriggle out of the lawsuit,  then at least we end up armed with the,  the email addresses of all of his lawyers.
  That's true.
  So I guess we need to start working on Lil Bulworth.
  Like see if that'll get his attention.
  Lil Bulworth, I'm Lil Bulworth.
  Bulworth begins starring Jason Sheridan.
  Bulworth begins.
  Can we get, Charlie Cosmo, as we talked about  in the last special is a very, very high level Republican.
  In what, where does he work?  What's that?  The people that gave us all the Supreme Court justices,  what are they called?  The Federalist Society?  He's really high up in the Federalist Society.
  Oh my.
  Okay.
  So we're just responsible for like,  Brett Kavanaugh and yeah.
  Uh, yeah.
  So he's responsible for Roe Vis's way of getting overturned.
  But how can we activate him?  So anytime anyone's like basically posting about like  all the terrible things that are happening,  because of the Federalist Society,  we can also be like, Junior, please get more  Tracy's specials made.
  If we can get him to reckon with like the damage  that he's done to this country and say that there's one way  to make up for it, more frequent Tracy's specials.
  I feel like if he zoomed in,  there would be another special of Junior.
  Oh, Junior zooms in?  Junior zooms in.
  Well, what about there?  That's what we demand.
  Junior zooms in.
  What about Tess?  What if Tess is in the next?  What is that actor up to?  I don't know.
  Probably avoiding Warren Beatty at all costs.
  Tess zooms in.
  Madonna zooms in.
  You know, Al Pacino zooms in.
  Dustin Hoffman zooms in.
  Every character can zoom in.
  Mandy Patinkin zooms in.
  Dick Van Dyke zooms in.
  Dick Van Dyke.
  Oh yeah, they're all alive.
  They're mostly alive in Dick Tracy.
  We shouldn't say it on this podcast,  but they're all alive.
  Oh yeah, no.
  Sorry.
  They get special thanks in the credits  and there is no way they knew this happened.
  Well, it's because they probably showed clips with them  in it and they didn't have to license them.
  They probably gave their rights over  so that literally Warren Beatty could show close to them  and go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  Okay.
  And Jason, my favorite credit in the special  is the very first special thanks,  which is to Warren Beatty.
  Good for him.
  Glad he got the special thanks.
  He really needed it.
  The very last credit is in memoriam, Steven Sondheim.
  We tributed you by getting your name weirdly wrong.
  What does that mean?  Why does he say a weird name for Sondheim?  I don't know.
  Because Dick Tracy is, I think, a heterosexual male.
  I think that's the calculation he's doing.
  Dick Tracy wouldn't know.
  He probably was like, hmm,  how would Tracy know about Sondheim?  He would never see Sonny in the Park with George.
  He only probably never,  has he even seen Rodgers and Hammerstein musical?  No.
  What does Tracy watch?  He probably just went in this rabbit hole and be like,  he can't know Steven Sondheim's name.
  Tess dragged him to Carousel in its original run.
  She dragged him to the King and I.
  And he didn't understand why it was bad  that the guy hit his wife.
  He's like, the story checks out.
  Why'd he go, why's that bad?  Yes, yes, yes.
  Now this I like, yes, yes.
  No, no, no, no.
  All these scenes without wife hitting.
  No, no, no.
  I like when Warren and Dick are talking  and there's truly no difference in their voice.
  There's no difference in the way they speak.
  They're speaking exactly the same.
  There's no attempt on Warren's part to play  Dick Tracy any differently than regular Warren Beatty.
  And no other voices interrupt this back and forth  for the final seven minutes of the special.
  All that Ben and Leonard do are sit in a box  and make a befuddled face.
  They look horrified.
  They're like YouTube thumbnail faces that they're making.
  They are.
  Yeah.
  It's like this.
  Who?  While you guys were talking.
  Who?  Actually, I'm gonna, before we wrap this up,  I'm gonna try to get a screenshot of,  I have a frame pulled up of the four of them.
  And then there'll be us in an actual zoom window.
  So we have eight boxes all making the same face.
  So we'll do that before we go.
  But anything else to,  mainly I'm just so happy that we pulled this.
  And never maybe before has an episode come together so quick  because in the same,  Mike and I were in Super Nintendo World  and we were talking to a listener.
  Was he Jeff Mike is his name?  We're talking to Jeff and Jeff said,  are you guys gonna do a Tracy thing?  Like, oh, I've actually,  we just haven't even bothered to text about it yet.
  I don't know.
  Should we, maybe we should.
  10 minutes later, Griffin had texted us and Eva  demanding the episode.
  So plans were drawn up at Jurassic patio,  a better place to do business than even the Polo Lounge.
  And less than 24 hours later,  as quickly as I would imagine Tracy Zooms In came together.
  Came together.
  Scott, you were probably rightfully concerned  about the shelf life of this piece of media.
  Although I think we've learned it's actually a lot more big,  bigger than we could conceive.
  But I think my reaction to all,  my initial reaction before we talked that through  was that, you know, a piece of dog shit smells bad five,  when it's five minutes old, when it's five days old.
  So I was like, I don't know, we'll do it in a week.
  Yeah, we'll do it.
  But when you're calling, when an emergency,  when the word emergency is said,  you know, you have to,  there's gotta be some speed involved.
  It was either, really the choice was,  either we make an episode within 24 hours  or we wait 13 years.
  Yeah, that's true.
  There's only two ways we could do it.
  I think, I'm just gonna say this.
  Okay, high prediction, low prediction.
  Low prediction, Tracy Zooms In will be shown  at the American Cinematheque in our lifetime.
  Before Warren Beatty movie.
  High prediction, a clip from Tracy Zooms In,  specifically this monologue where he talks about existence  will be shown at the Academy Awards  as part of the Chuck Workman, like a montage of,  that's the guy who makes the montages of,  it was like, it's like the in memoriam.
  I think they'll show it as part of the in memoriam.
  For him?  For Warren Beatty when he passes.
  This will be like the sub-total.
  I think it'll be the audio from it under a photo,  like him in probably Reds, which I've not seen or shampoo,  but it'll be like, you have to be something,  you have to mean something.
  And they'll actually take the audio from Tracy Zooms In  and they'll be like, people will be like,  what was that from?  And the next day in vulture, the people will be like,  weirdly that was from Tracy Zooms In.
  I think we should start pitching the new Beverly Theater,  some repertory theater in Los Angeles  owned by Quentin Tarantino now.
  We should pitch them a triple feature where I,  you know, we don't even bother with something silly  like the Roger Rabbit short that originally aired  before the Dick Tracy movie,  but we showed the Dick Tracy movie, the Dick Tracy special,  and then the Dick Tracy special Conan, Colin Tracy Zooms In.
  And we're also like one Tracy special away  from the Beaver trilogy of Tracy specials.
  Like just showing them, like that it's a full film.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  And then we don't have to show Dick Tracy the movie.
  It'll never, it only exists as prequel context  for the far better one.
  The way that the one said,  yeah, Bill and Ted, the show existed with people  that did not know who Bill and Ted were as characters  because they were young.
  The only resistance we might get from the new Beverly  is I think they're exclusively 35 millimeter now.
  So we might have to dig, dig in our pockets  and convert all these specials.
  Yeah, we get the specials on 35.
  I feel like Warren might be into that though.
  He might be into it.
  Yeah, Warren would be into it.
  Or we just set up a GoFundMe.
  GoFundMe to get the specials on 35.
  Put this shot of a Zoom on a TV onto film.
  That would be the funniest way anyone's ever spent money.
  Criterion should release it.
  You know, let's get them to do it and then we'll be fine.
  We just need one more special  because right now it's an hour  and we need it to be the length of a film.
  So we need him to do one more.
  So we need to just put, how do we turn up the heat?  So there's one more.
  I think it's the lawyers or like,  he might just gotta talk to his dad.
  We have to harass him.
  I hate to say it, but we have to harass Warren Beatty,  a man that seems like a nice person  and I don't wanna bother.
  We have to go to the Polo Lounge  and harass him every day for the next year.
  I gotta just start doing the beats  of the episode of The Simpsons  where Bart becomes the heir to Mr.
 Burns' fortune.
  Just gotta start hitting all those moments.
  Yes.
  So just- We have multiple channels, yeah.
  There's a couple ways to get- Jason, you're gonna do it.
  So main thing is Jason get fitted  for a smaller version of all of Warren Beatty's clothes.
  Done, yeah.
  But specifically the Dick Tracy outfit.
  Mainly that, yes.
  How can he say no when a little Tracy shows up?  Jason shows up at the Polo Lounge  wearing a little version of the Dick Tracy outfit.
  But acting like he doesn't know what he's wearing.
  Right, right, just like a casual thing.
  Yeah.
  And when I say little, I mean like little shorts for it.
  It's like yellow shorts.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But just be like, and then if he says something,  you're like, oh, this is just my normal clothes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I was in a rush this morning.
  I just put on my usuals.
  Is Warren here?  Is Warren here today?  Is-  Yeah.
  No, when Warren comes up to you,  you gaslight Warren and you act like you don't know  who he is and what he's talking about.
  And you're like, oh, there's a movie  that has this outfit in it.
  I'll watch it, sir.
  What was your name, sir?  And then you come back next week.
  Do you work here, sir?  Are you the manager?  Could I get a Cobb salad and a tall glass of milk?  Thank you.
  And then a week later you come back and you're like,  is it Warren?  Hi, I watched that movie you were in and it was fantastic.
  Pretty good.
  Yeah.
  You know what I didn't like though?  The pink street.
  But don't you think crime is a little more serious  than that, sir?  Needs to know whether or not it pays.
  And then meanwhile, we're getting the legal team  to just pick, pick, pick, pick, pick.
  So we're doing both at once.
  It's like a long better call Saul Khan type of a thing  to gaslight someone, make them crazy,  and destroy their mind.
  And then we can strike.
  Yeah.
  The very sane mind of Warren Beatty  completely together at his apex.
  85 years old.
  And all we wanted of this is one more 30 minute special.
  Right.
  I should also say you three are in the restaurant,  you brought your own bush with you  that you're hiding behind.
  All three of you each have a laptop  because you're emailing back and forth with these lawyers.
  We're texting the lawyers while you're doing the outfit con  because we want him to get the email from the lawyers  while this like weird thing crosses happening  with you in the outfit.
  Yeah, you have sound on on all those computers.
  So there's just a cacophony of dings  as the texts are coming in.
  Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
  He's just going,  yeah, we're just trying to drive the poor man mad.
  And this is getting to one additional special.
  It's all, yeah.
  Like for it to exist like three years earlier  than it might naturally.
  Yeah.
  That's all we're trying.
  This is, there's a book about that.
  The year at the Academy Awards,  I think with Bonnie and Clyde was not,  it was kind of like, oh, this is a big year.
  This is kind of a big sea change  of what was nominated and stuff.
  And I think we found the guy  who wrote that book's next topic.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Us.
  Yes.
  Correct.
  Very important mission.
  These are great ideas, crucial ideas.
  And thanks for bringing them to us.
  Eva Anderson, you survived this emergency podcast ride.
  Thanks you guys.
  Couldn't have done it without you.
  I'm so glad.
  Thanks for squeezing us in  given how hectic everything's been.
  You're working all the time.
  Thanks for making the time.
  Every time, always.
  Oh my God, I'm so happy.
  For doing your, I feel like this is,  is this your sixth second gate alone?  More maybe?  I think more of your episodes are on the second gate.
  I don't talk about rides.
  It's been a while, I guess.
  Yeah.
  Though, can we just say really quick?  There was a Vanity Fair article about,  can we just talk about this right before we leave?  Oh yeah, yeah.
  The Vanity Fair article about  the Dick Tracy Zooms In special  cited your podcast as proof  that people care about these specials.
  It's been a fascination among comedy podcasters  and then the link was to us.
  Well, link to it in one of your episodes, Eva.
  So we're all-  Yeah, but it was the American Adventure where it came up.
  Cause I probably, he was probably Jordan Hoffman  who wrote that article.
  Was trying to link to a not pay walled episode.
  Oh, that's nice.
  That's a good way to do it.
  Shout out to Jordan Hoffman, the best.
  Thank you Jordan.
  And I guess I didn't realize  how much we were associated with this.
  And I'm glad.
  I'm just glad that all of it, whoever it is,  the myriad of, I think 80% of the audience  of this special are podcasters.
  And I'm glad we all together rescued it.
  Like it might've just fallen into like a pop cultural gutter  if not for that one day where everybody had to act.
  And we acted, Will Sloan acted, Chris Hayner acted.
  Someone put it on YouTube so I could watch it  after I got off work.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  All that means I can cancel the five day trial  of direct TV streaming that I have to keep leapfrogging  between live TV things so that I don't,  free trial attempts.
  Anyway, exit of the gift shop.
  Anything you want to plug?  My plug is watch the new season of Party Down  coming out this week, next week.
  And my husband wrote it.
  It's his show and it's fucking awesome.
  Oh yay, so happy it's back, yeah.
  Mainly we want to plug Dick Tracy special.
  Tracy zooms in.
  And previous special.
  And previous special Dick Tracy special.
  And the movie Dick Tracy except Little Libertine.
  If you, I mean watch it but only watch it  and over it just say no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  If you want to dig even deeper with us,  join us on our new Patreon tier club three  where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free  including Eva's last episode themed car washes  with Eve Anderson.
  This was a great excuse to get your first 2023 episode  and let's do another one soon please.
  Yes.
  All right.
  And if any listener knows where to get  Jason some little yellow shorts, please let us know.
