 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain ruthless pinball racketeering, bat wielding  leather haters, and an evil horny energy.
  Patrick Monahan joins us as we share formative memories of our favorite arcades on Podcast  the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the podcast that withdraws all their Patreon money straight  to tokens.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  I am here, yes, tokens.
  Tokens is something that was, I was obsessed with having tokens.
  And when you'd accidentally take a token home from wherever you were in an arcade, it would  feel like you took like a, I don't know, like something wrong, you did something wrong,  you stole.
  Oh, you've, I didn't know if you were gonna say that that's neat that that's a collectible  from whatever local arcade.
  It is now.
  Uh huh, sure.
  But I guess immediately you made me think of like being guilty and being scared.
  You've talked before about how you were afraid of prison as a child.
  Oh yeah, yeah, for any minor infraction.
  And I felt like if I had a token at home, it meant Chuck E.
 Cheese himself was coming  to get me.
  You smuggled tokens across state lines or county lines, some line, any line, the line  of where the store ends.
  Yeah, exactly.
  That's not okay.
  This is currency within this nightclub, this pizza time theater only.
  You're right.
  Jason Sheridan, feelings about tokens?  Quite the polar opposite of Mike.
  I love taking tokens home because it meant one or two things.
  I had a little souvenir from a fun time or it was the promise of like, we'll be back.
  I get to come back and cash these in.
  We're going to have to.
  It would be a financial loss.
  It would be a financial loss.
  It's the reverse of like leaving something at a date's house.
  So you have to get that second date.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  I, if my family was like, oh, what do we do this week?  What are we doing?  I was like, well, we got a 250 in tokens.
  250?  You would bring home a lot of tokens.
  Yeah, that's a heavy pocket.
  Well, usually when people would tap out every now and then, you'd end up with like, oh,  we got too much.
  I accidentally put a five.
  I feel like I was like, when I was like, oh, you have 15 minutes left, I would just be  like just feeding tokens into every machine to get like, to get rid of them.
  Because again, you don't want to be shaken down at the state line.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't want to go to prison.
  We'll see if our guest wants to go to prison.
  Or not.
  What a segue.
  Hey, look, we're first of all, wait, first things first.
  We're back on video here.
  We haven't been in video for a little bit.
  And this is on the forever dog YouTube channel if you want to watch along.
  And this will also help us with a cleaner, nice, more professional connection with our  guest who's joining us from New York City.
  He's a writer and comedian from the podcast.
  What a time to be alive.
  Patrick Monahan.
  Hello, Patrick.
  Hello.
  You asked if I want to go to jail.
  I would say I prison rather.
  I'm always in a prison of my own making.
  That is my general state of being.
  What a thing for me to say.
  I've just I've agitated you right at the top here.
  Well, apologies for that.
  I hope we can have a fun time.
  Yeah, I know.
  Tokens, you know, I think I was in between, you know, the different polls we've set up  here, I would take like maybe two home.
  You know, I'm not going to like not spend six or seven.
  But, you know, I like the idea of having a little souvenir.
  And I don't know, it's not legal tender, but if it just felt like a yeah.
  And then being able to kind of cash in, maybe play a little play one round of the Simpsons  game with money that you came, you know, you came with without having to ask mom.
  You know, that was that was useful, I think.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  I feel like also I was maybe this is something everyone shares, but I also was just like  I felt it was dirty and maybe it was because my mom told me like you wash your hands when  you touch coins.
  So there was something extra like gross about it to me to have like coins from the Chuck  E.
  Cheese.
 Not that I was some smart kid who knew, oh, this is a disease factory.
  But I also was just like, oh, I don't want to touch.
  I don't want to touch it when I'm outside of Chuck E.
  Cheese's boundaries.
  Oh, sure.
 You want these off of you.
  You want these flying into machines as quickly as you can.
  Yes.
  To pass the germs.
  Yeah.
  Uh huh.
  Do we think tokens from a given arcade are more or less disgusting than just regular  U.
S.
 change?  What do we less?  I bet it's less less because it's mostly just kids using them for games versus who knows  adults are using pennies for.
  We've seen the line.
  We've seen the UCB sketch.
  Yeah, we've all been taught it.
  You have to write in classes as pennies.
  Yes.
  So we know that you're taking as pennies literally.
  A lot of people are using it as an intimidation move.
  Right.
  Uh huh.
  Or just as like a fun.
  They don't even.
  There might be people who don't even know the sketch who are putting pennies up their  ass.
  Right.
  There might be some people who don't know the sketch from 25 years ago.
  There may be some comedy show.
  Don't know all the sketches.
  Yeah.
  UCB show.
  So I think, yeah, it's just like candies on the tokens and like syrup sticky like like,  you know, pancake syrup like stuff like that entire pancakes like having syrupy  fingers.
  I think kids always have maple syrup on their fingers.
  At Chuck E Cheese.
  Sir, capital of kids.
  Well, they do say in the for breakfast Chuck E Cheese would have like little sticks like  French toast sticks.
  What are you talking about?  That's 100% true.
  My sister had a birthday there.
  And if you got there at 11 a.
m.
, they would give you French toast sticks instead of pizza.
  Like Saturday mornings.
  Exactly.
  OK, here's what I think.
  I think that both sides of that voice raising was wrong.
  I think that you might got very agitated.
  But Jason, how could you find that so unbelievable?  That's not so preposterous that there would be a takeaway breakfast.
  It's not.
  I just never thought about.
  I know I've been to morning Chuck E Cheese, but I have no memory of breakfast like that.
  You had an omelet at Chuck E Cheese in the morning.
  I did.
  I had eggs Benedict.
  I had to send it back because the hollandaise was not correct.
  Right.
  Right.
  You had Scrapple.
  I had I'm in California.
  We had a California omelet at our Chuck E Cheese with our precious avocado.
  You had your avocado and spinach.
  We were just it was the Scrapple plate would come out.
  The pork roll plate would come out.
  You know, Pedro was your favorite breakfast.
  Have you ever had breakfast at Chuck E Cheese?  I have I will say I've never actually been to a Chuck E Cheese.
  There were no cheese near me growing up or near enough.
  So sorry.
 No kidding.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  But I had I this is a recent subject of an episode,  but we did have Discovery Zone for as long as that.
  Oh, yes.
 We just covered on the second gate on our Patreon.
  Oh, yeah.
 Right.
 Which of what you mentioned to us.
  OK, so that was and where did you grow up also?  Because that'll that'll factor in.
  Yeah.
 Fairfield County, Connecticut.
  OK, OK.
 Oh, so that is the location of just full disclosure.
  And we won't get into it yet.
  We're all going to talk about basically today.
  We're talking about arcades that we're very fond of, that were formative for us.
  We had important experiences.
  And this was sort of inspired by by Patrick's childhood arcade,  which you sent me some stuff about.
  And I thought I looked it up and I thought this is an unusual amount  of information for one Connecticut arcade.
  This was written about in the newspaper a strange amount of times  as a tease for what we're going to we're going to get into.
  But that's kind of what we're so.
  So that particular arcade we'll talk about.
  But that was a go to Discovery Zone was a go to  any anything else you want to shout out?  Yeah.
  The the there in the Trumbull Mall, which I think is I think is called Westfield  Trumbull or something now, I don't know, whatever.
  But but it's they had an FYE, the four year entertainment store.
  But half of it was like a big arcade, basically.
  So that was that was the arcade because it was like that was the arcade at the mall.
  When like, you know, you know, when you're like in middle school,  you just get dropped off at the mall and just kind of do whatever people do at the mall.
  That's where we go spend our time.
  Discovery Zone, the only thing I remember other than the ball pit  is that Big Bertha game.
  Do you guys remember that?  Oh, absolutely.
 Yeah.
  I felt like I was kind of good at Big Bertha.
  Yeah, that's skee ball and Big Bertha.
  That was the extent of the arcade part of Discovery Zone that I remember.
  It's a very strangely particular memory now that I think about it.
  But we talked about how their arcade component was kind of diminished  because if you haven't heard this on our Patreon, Discovery Zone  was more of a run around, climb ball pit kind of place.
  We stress that we stress the the physical activity for the kids  because we don't want kids being lazy with TVs.
  That's why we only have 10 arcade games instead of 24.
  Like they still did it.
  So it was a weird posturing for them to have.
  But I know now what kind of kid were you, Patrick?  Did you were you more of a physical run around kid?  Or were you just like, take me straight to the arcade stuff?  God, no, no.
  I mean, I think I like the ball pit conceptually.
  Like, I think that was like something that I couldn't believe existed in real life.
  But at the same time, I wasn't like aching to do any kind of physical activity.
  I was a video game and arcade type kid.
  So not really an ideal place for me, given the focus.
  So for a lot of kids.
  Yeah, I think.
 Yeah.
  I should say big, big Bertha probably not around anymore, right?  I mean, they're not making new big Bertha machines.
  That's sort of a mess.
  Oh, interesting.
 Yeah, probably not.
  Probably a sort of cancel for those who don't.
  For those who don't know, it's a it's a thing where it's an arcade.
  Were you a game where you throw?  I think they were like those balls that were like in the ball pit.
  They were like those hollow kind of balls into the mouth of a large woman.
  And she had a huge, you know, like opening and closing mouth.
  So you had to time it.
  And I think the points were weight that was being gained by Bertha,  I believe was really that was the right.
  I forgot that she inflated.
  Yeah.
 And it does say feed Big Bertha that you're given the express  instruction and you kind of you got a uvula to hit.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's dangling there, which I don't know.
  I was how they knew it went in, right?  You had to hit the uvula otherwise, I guess you wouldn't get the point.
  This feels like this could be become some sort of part of the culture war  now that we've put it out there.
  Like you could see like Ben Shapiro saying he's going to start his own line  of arcade games and we're going to not cancel the Big Bertha game.
  And a bunch of senators will start playing the Big Bertha game in  like the capital.
  Fox News will get mad at like and they're removing the Big Bertha.
  Like they got mad because of the M&M's campaign.
  Recently, they just got mad at the A&W Root Beer  Bear, post parroting the M&M's campaign.
  Really? Yeah.
  What's the name of that mascot again?  I forget.
 It's a bear.
  But the joke was that like our bears going to wear pants now.
  Oh, OK.
 And there was a segment on Fox Business where it's like unbelievable.
  And they're making the A&W Root Beer Bear wear pants now.
  Yeah.
 Wearing pants is, of course, woke, as we all know,  and something that should be shunned.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  Oh, his name is in the last.
  When did women start wearing pants?  It's been in the last like two years, right?  I think until this this woke, crazy time.
  That's right.
 Never as a woman worn pants.
  Things are getting out of control.
  Rudy.
 His name is Rudy.
  Rudy.
 R-O-O-T-Y.
  And we will do an episode about him that will be at least 90 minutes.
  Not this year, necessarily, but at a certain point.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  Rudy.
 Rudy.
  Since we bring up a mascot,  Patrick, on on your show, What a Time to Be Alive,  you talked about recently, I think, on a Patreon episode of your show,  a mascot that I have seen, but never fully processed.
  And I'm talking about Duncan Cuppy.
  And Jordan, if we could bring up that video I sent.
  So that's just a clip, a quick clip of  titled Cuppy Does the Hashtag D Dance for Dark Roast at NASDAQ.
  That is Cuppy at the NASDAQ.
  Can you describe a cuppy also?  It's a bit.
 This is a Dunkin Donuts.
 Yeah.
  You have the Ropomorphic Cup.
 It's a big cup.
  It's a big cup.
  And I was just poking around to see what cuppy I could find.
  And I guess eight or nine years ago, they did a campaign  where they were pushing a new dark roast.
  And so there's lots of videos,  Cuppy dancing at Dunkin Donuts franchises here, Dunkin,  Dunkin, dancing at the NASDAQ exchange.
  And he's having a great time.
  Do you know what's his full name again?  I've seen it both as Cuppy and as Dunkin Cuppy.
  So Cuppy might be his last name.
  Yeah, I've also seen like feminine Cuppy.
  So I think there's an iced coffee cuppy and a hot coffee.
  Jeez, we have to have feminine cuppy, don't we?  We just, oh, it all has to be.
  Is the lady the iced coffee?  I think so.
  I think that's what I encountered.
  Yeah, we didn't get into that level of the lore.
  I have met only the iced cuppy.
  Oh, you met iced cuppy?  Oh, wow.
  Yeah, at a Jimmy Buffett concert this summer.
  What? In Massachusetts.
  Yeah, no, the cuppy was just there.
  It was not part of the thing.
  They probably got fine.
  I think you've completed the podcast, The Ride Bingo Card already.
  Yeah.
  You said all the key words.
  Bob Iger was also there.
  And let's see, what else?  Michael Eisner was there.
  Unfortunately, Green Day.
  Green Day came out and played.
  I don't know why these are on the card, but they are.
  Wait, I'm sorry.
  Explain these circumstances, Patrick.
  Oh, no, I know.
  My fiance's family, her dad is a big parrot head and his wife.
  And so we went with them and she and she's also a fan.
  I am.
 I would call myself a novice.
  What is that? What is the gross term?  This call me.
  They just call me a virgin the whole time I was there.
  Is that what they do?  Like a rocky like a rocky horror.
  Yeah, like, yeah.
  No, maybe they were all just all these old people were just bullying me.
  No, I think it's like a they call you like a Buffett Virgin or something.
  I don't know.
  Oh, huh.
  And it's just it's just that.
  I mean, I guess that's look, it works because there's an alcoholic connotation.
  So it's like in right.
  But it does feel like there could be something a little more.
  I'm looking it up.
 Buffett specific.
 Right.
  Because you're a you're a baby pelican or something.
  Right.
 A baby pelican because you're a parrot head.
  Now, there are people wearing here that said like Buffett Virgin,  and they had like a shock glass, you know, on a necklace.
  You know what I mean? I guess the idea of right.
  Right.
 If I look at something Buffett Virgin, I get Sierra's buffet  dining in the Virgin River Hotel and Casino first.
  Maybe this is just I don't know.
  We'd have I'd have to go on to the various Facebook groups  of different parrot head fan club that I am part of.
  I'm not like in the like on the board or anything.
  I just following these groups on Facebook.
  I'm just thankful that like they didn't like because the thing is like there's a  I mean, at these shows, there's a it's the, you know,  boomer or just sub boomer, you know, folks.
  And there's a lot of kind of like sexual energy that I would prefer not.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, we did.
 We saw.
 Oh, yeah.
 Go ahead.
  Oh, yeah.
 So I'm just thankful that the expression doesn't involve like, you know,  popping one's cherry or something.
  No one said that to me.
  Well, you're popping a lime traditionally.
  The the we were all that we went to a Jimmy  Buffett concert at the Hollywood Bowl, which I believe was lacking  in the horny energy of an average Jimmy Buffett concert, because then  I went to one in Anaheim right before the pandemic.
  And boy, was that a boat, a horny boat people concert.
  Everyone was drunk.
  We were getting like yelled at by like 60 year olds in line.
  Well, the Hollywood Bowl is kind of safe, like sectioned off.
  It's a little like that's part of it.
  A lot of hoops to jump through to like get get there, get inside and do it.
  But like was the Anaheim one at Angel Stadium?  No, no, it was that whatever the is at the Hanna Center, whatever it's called.
  Oh, OK.
 But massive parking lot, right?  Yeah.
 So they got tailgate like the only hotel.
  And we, of course, went to the Sammy Hagar's  Cabo Wabo Cantina at Hollywood and Highland first and then walked up,  which was great, but it was still lacking in that.
  I would say evil horny energy that you're talking about.
  The like sinister, it's not even good.
  It's not good.
  It's it's like the end of hereditary.
  Yeah.
 All the naked people are standing around.
  You know, it's it's it's yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean, they had like there were a lot of them  or we saw at least one where there was like a sheet of, you know,  like that, like, I don't know what to call fiberglass, but like clear,  you know, plastic.
  And it had two holes cut out.
  And it was like, put them on the glass for a shot or something.
  Oh, and it's just like, all right.
  What is the average age of the concert goer that is putting them on the glass?  And I don't want to know.
  And then we walked by that and it gives us like everyone has RVs and stuff set up.
  And there was like a group of like a half dozen men between the ages of like,  let's say, 40 and I don't know, 50, 60 that were just kind of like  pretending they weren't standing there, waiting to see who would put them  on the glass.
 But we're clearly just like just far enough away  that they had plausible deniability to see them on the glass.
  Yeah, it's our friend of the show.
  It's malevolent.
 I think you're right.
 Yeah.
  There's an evilness.
  A friend of the show, Anthony Geo, worked at a concert venue in Indiana.
  And he said, by far the biggest maniac crowd was the Buffett crowd.
  Worse than any metal show or anything.
  The Buffett crowd was just it was it was anarchy on the lawn.
  It's one of those places was like an amphitheater with a big lawn.
  Yeah, it was just debauchery.
  People definitely had to get woken up that like have like kids in college,  like to get like kicked out of there, you know, like an hour after the show.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's I went to Billy Joel,  which is probably the Long Island version of this as well.
  I garden a few weeks ago and it was the same.
  It's like, man, these ladies are out of like out of control.
  It's something I said about like another adult, like this is too much like  Penn Station is just a war zone.
  Because these are people that are not used to being told like they can't do  something.
 You know what I mean?  What do you mean? I can't like sit in the stairs.
  It's like, well, you know, if something happens, people have to be able to leave  or just, you know, because they want to go get a drink or something.
  Oh, OK, whatever.
 I'm just having fun.
  You know, that kind of thing.
  Just very.
 Yeah.
 And that turns hostile very fast.
  Anyhow, Buffett is a much sunnier version.
  Some of the some of the some of the Billy stuff was getting a little dark.
  But people probably come to these things ready to fight.
  So it's on their checklist.
 Oh, yeah.
  Tonight.
 Yeah.
  Fuck.
 Hope to have to have all the two  two apps and Buffett to apps for that we're going to do.
  Oh, yeah.
 Lines up with his name.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The apps is in his name.
  Mm hmm.
 Do you want to want to steer back to to some arcade stuff here?  Yeah.
 Sure.
 You mentioned this FYE, which is very strange  that that was the childhood  because it's mostly that's a music store, like a poster store mainly.
  Yeah, it was.
 Well, I think it was all all in media.
  It was the the the yeah, I guess posters were there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The CDs and those like the tall things.
  Remember when they had them in those like rack things  that were like twice the height of a CD case?  It was like that's what I and then, yeah, right.
  I guess, you know, VHS and eventually DVD.
  I don't know if they sold video games.
  Maybe they had a small and then also obviously  collectibles of various kinds.
  Yeah.
 Little statuettes and things like that.
  All of the FYEs that I went to growing up, they used to be the wall.
  It was the wall got flipped to FYE and the wall was the name of the store.
  The wall was like all music.
  And you could I remember you could take any CD to the front and go like,  can I listen to this? And they had listening booths.
  And then, yeah, it was kind of like like more like a borders  and that it was like kind of dimly, you know, a lot of dark colors and stuff.
  And then when it became FYE, it became very bright.
  And FYE to me always seemed like a store that as soon as it opened,  it was flailing like Discovery Zone.
  Discovery Zone had a few years where they were really going strong.
  And then they started to lose their way.
  FYE immediately seemed like this is a sinking ship.
  Media is changing.
  And I'm scared.
 FYE would feel like it was it would feel like anytime  I've been in one, it feels like a spirit Halloween in the sense like,  oh, they just threw all this stuff up on the wall, I guess.
  Like, oh, OK, because they have a lot of stuff I would like collectible, etc.
  But you'd be like, oh, this is this is on its way out, right?  Or this is a temporary store.
  But it's it's hung on for a while.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But yeah, it always seemed like like they're planning on being out of there  in three weeks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They could they could get everything in a big sack and get out the door  pretty quickly.
  And it's funny that I'm saying this because all the arcades I have notes  are are are gone are pretty much gone.
  There's one of them still going.
  But the rest like ate it very, you know, in the recent past.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, let's talk about yours then, Jason.
  So let's let's let's hear some of the your formative arcades.
  And we'll talk about stuff that we love about any of these as we go.
  What arcade tastes are where game tastes are and such.
  Jordan, can you pull up that first picture of this was the arcade  and mall, Aladdin's Castle growing up.
  This was a chain.
  And there there's a couple different versions.
  You can just cycle through the Aladdin's Castle pictures.
  This is what I remember it as also very dark.
  Not just another amusement center, it says.
 Yeah.
  This is it started on that is the very last Aladdin's Castle  that closed, I believe, last year.
  And so you can see kind of the design changes over the years.
  By the time it got to the 90s of like the height of like X-Men  and Ninja Turtles and fighting games, I think they had removed  a lot of the like decorations and stuff.
  Again, I just remember it being very dark.
  And my my big memory of it is that we took a trip with the Cub Scouts  on like a Sunday night.
  And as the mall was closing, they kept the arcade open for us.
  And everyone got ten dollars and quarters.
  And when everything cost a quarter or 50 cents, we were there for a few hours.
  Like you could really make that last.
  And the the other  and you're emotional about it.
  Yeah, I am.
  And Time Out was the other big chain.
  Like one mall had an Aladdin's Castle.
  The other malls had Time Out Arcade.
  And I think we have a picture of that, too.
  And this was very color.
  This is how Time Out.
  Oh, my God.
 We're looking at this.
  Looks like the world of Sid and Marty Croft kind of stuff.
  Yeah.
 And and so this is never looked like this.
  This is how it used to look in the 70s and 80s.
  Aladdin's Castle, too, used to have a lot of features,  but I think they're on a downswing.
  Also, look, not to keep being gross,  but if this picture that we're looking at is kind of you descend the layers  and then it can go ahead, go ahead.
  It gets more kind of like oval shaped.
  I don't know.
  Does this does this remind anybody?  Yeah, it's a little canal.
  Are you saying birth canal or rectum?  Because the circle to me more suggests rectum.
  I think that's that's that's where I thought you were going.
  I didn't see all the way down.
  Yeah, it could really could go either way.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 You guys are going off of circle, which seem I'm looking at,  which seems a little bit more vaginal.
  The colors suggest vaginal.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, yeah, you start heading into some purple.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I also looks like it's like bored into like flesh.
  So it's kind of Cronenberg is, you know, also this looks like it's a natural orifice.
  This looks like the AI art that's been going around  where people make like fake movies from the 80s.
  It's like David Cronenberg's arcade.
 Yeah.
  That one about the arcade.
  Yeah, it's like a giant crutch living woman.
  Who an arcade is in her.
  Yeah.
  The timeout tunnel is much more suggestive than probably Jason imagined.
  So I was it like this?  No, no, no, no.
  Both of them were just like neon sign.
  No decorations inside by the end.
  You get to pass through the tunnel.
  No, I think this is a holdover from like the 70s and 80s,  because when the rise of arcades kind of lines up with the rise of indoor  shopping malls, because before that, right before arcade cabinets,  there were, you know, pinball machines.
  But those were like sleazy.
  They were like in bars and bowling alleys and stuff and often run by the mob.
  Like pinballs, pinballs, pinballs, and jukeboxes and slot machines  were like of the piece because it's an all cash business.
  That like that the rest of the business and facility was not,  but they ran the machines.
  Yeah, somewhere down the line.
  There's like old photos of like just piles of destroyed pinball machines  and like the local sheriff giving thumbs up  because it was just seen as like gross and seedy.
  So wait a minute.
  Is this was it just a phenomenon that there were a lot that were mob run  or what percentage do you think in America  in the in the 60s or 70s of pinball machines were mob run?  I can't speak to that, but they had to change.
  I I don't know.
  You know, I think they had to change the perception  and like having these Daigo colored family oriented centers  as arcade cabinets, as you know, Pong and Centipede  and all these early games are starting to catch on.
  Yeah, like it became a real profit, you know, profitable place  for like your Aladdin's Castle or your time out.
  Aladdin's Castle eventually bought by Bally's, the slot machine company,  and then bought by Namco.
  And at some point, Namco own time out and Aladdin's Castle.
  Do you think that the mobsters who ran?  I knew this would be back to mob immediately.
  Jason's going to talk.
  And then as soon as mob.
  Yeah, I know what you said.
  I ignored the last couple sentences of what he said.
  I literally I knew usual to not talk about.
  We got to go back to the mob room.
  I didn't discover this as a last moment.
  Like I was baking and I was like, oh, this will be an oddly enough thing.
  Or we're going to talk about it for half an hour.
  It'll be half an hour.
 So yeah, continue.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I look this.
  I was going to do some comedy ideas here, really.
  So we don't have to actually have a real discussion about it.
  But like, was that like a lower level of the mob or was it the high level guys  doing the was there like a lower level?  Yeah, I mean, the pinball.
  I do the pinball circuit and you're like, oh, well, I I run drugs.
  I'm the guy who's like, you're a fucking loser.
  Yeah, right.
  You're a loser, Tony.
  Pinball, small potatoes.
  Well, we got we got an Adams family machine coming up  and all the kids are going to put the tokens in it.
  It's like you you're a loser.
  I'm the Irishman steals steaks and he paints houses.
  Huh?  You're not doing as well as Henry down the street.
  He's friends.
 Henry Hill.
  He's friends with the teamster guy.
  Oh, OK.
 Well, we got we got a Laverne and Shirley machine coming out soon, too.
  That's been off the air for 10 years.
  We couldn't figure out the rights.
  You know, but when the ball goes up, you get it right in Lenny's mouth  and the kids are going to love it because he says his catchphrases.
  I like imagining that they were a mob run until like the death of John Gotti.
  Like, I love the idea.
  It's like we're talking like the Terminator two machine is mob run.
  I was partnering with Cameron.
  John, I feel for real legitimizing John Gotti took care of the city.
  John Gotti, John Gotti got us a dozen kiss slot machines.
  We were never on tilt when John Gotti was.
  Do you think anyone got killed over pinball?  That's how far did this guy probably if that that is true, probably.
  That's that's tough stuff, man.
  Your last few moments like real.
  OK, all right.
 This is it.
  This is how it ends.
 Yeah.
 Killed with pinballs.
  If you could get the right projectile to show, I mean, they're they're bullet  esque, they're silver, they're hard.
  If they came flying hundreds of miles an hour at you, I think you could.
  You could kill somebody with a barrage of pinballs very easily.
  I think, yeah, if you took the back off of a pinball machine  and just pointed the pinball machine at your enemy and just shot the pinballs  from the whatever that thing is just bring.
  Yeah.
 Like in Goodfellas, when Pesci thinks he's going to get made,  they've actually they're actually lining up a pinball machine behind.
  Yeah, they took the back off of it.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, what the hell?  Yeah.
 Bad news.
 Multi ball.
  I have one more arcade.
  This one a little little more wholesome.
  This one is still open.
  If you can bring up the pictures of Gillies Arcade,  this is on the boardwalk in Ocean City, New Jersey, still going strong.
  And for a long time, it was one of the few 24 hour businesses  on the island of Ocean City.
  And I this is how it looks now.
  And they have expanded the Gillies company.
  That's how the storefront I remember it a little less.
  Intense, a little less decorated.
  And then there's one more picture of like what it looks like inside  as a big tall ceiling.
  I see a Rolling Stones pinball machine.
  They have like every pinball machine.
  I feel like Batman for Batman forever.
  But is it is it dark?  That's dark night.
 It's got Ledger Joker.
  I think it was Batman and Robin.
  I assume that would be great.
  I was there last summer.
  I think I played the Munsters machine.
 Sure.
  But they have so many pinball machines next to each other.
  I think they have a lot of the music and sound effects turned down  because I think it would just sound like hell.
 Sure.
  Yeah, they're doing it.
  But I had not really processed that the Gillies family in Ocean City,  like the Gillies company now has a million other businesses, too.
  They have a candy factory, ice cream factory, French fry factory,  T-shirt factory, bike rentals and a parking lot  and multiple vacation rental properties.
  So this is they are they are just like the conglomerate,  the vacation conglomerates, like the waterside vacation conglomerate.
  Yeah, a lot of these beach towns, there's like two or three companies  that own a lot of stuff.
  Like the biggest amusement park on the island is called Gillians.
  And the mayor is named his name is Jay Gillian.
  And his father, Roy Gillian, is also was also the mayor in the late 80s.
  So this is a mob of its own.
  I was going to ask, is this sort of a mob?  I don't know.
 It's always a car.
 It's a carny town.
  I know this is like one of the most wholesome Jersey shore towns  like this and Cape May.
  But yeah, yeah, I was going to say it seems like arcades  in the US, at least like the only places that they're really left  and thriving like this are like waterside, like where you take the kids  on vacation to like get them out of your face if you're like parents.
  You know what I mean? Yeah, I feel like that's like the last place  where they exist like this, like kids in the suburbs.
  Like, I don't know, they just I don't know.
  They just go scream slurs at each other while playing Call of Duty or whatever.
  They don't need to leave the house to play video games  or to be social in that way.
  I guess.
 Right.
  Under it's like malls still have them.
  Every mall I can think of around here still has an arcade, but they're  they're smaller, they're not as stacked, I wouldn't say.
  And they're also not there's not a ton of kids and people.
  It feels like the whole genre has shifted more to  to adults and to the like the version where you can drink.
  It's the day investors in the round one ones.
  Yeah, yeah, round one.
  And it's got ever it's got karaoke and bowl.
  It has to have a lot of different things.
  And yeah, it's got it can't just be arcade games anymore because that's not so novel.
  It's got to have as a party that you put together, Mike, it has to have karaoke  in the brightest room, karaoke that feels like a library meeting room.
  Yeah, it's an odd choice at round one if you do karaoke,  which I had a perfectly fun time.
  Yeah, I mean, but it is like it's like somehow brighter than their main floor,  the main show floor or whatever you call it.
  Is where like a city council would meet.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
  And it's bright enough that they can broadcast it to local TV.
  Right.
 And and the web.
  I feel like you need to bring in like intravenous alcohol or something  with that level of like we need people to get drunk immediately.
  We need instant drunk.
  People cannot come in here sober.
  Yeah.
 That's karaoke where you can see the wrinkles in veins in someone's face.
  The dream.
  But yeah, I know what you're looking I'm looking forward to, by the way,  speaking of how everything is becoming like drinking and video games.
  I think we're all around the same age as we become.
  You know, once the boomers start to kind of, you know, die off,  culture is going to shift around to be people our age.
  And it's going to be fun for about 20 years, probably.
  Right.
 Aside from the whole, you know, the oceans boiling and,  you know, all that kind of stuff.
  But, you know, just in terms of the the way that things are  bent to make us try to spend money, you know, I'm pretty psyched for that.
  Yeah.
 I mean, just the way like at theme parks like Universal and Disney  pulling out like retro merchandise or like stuff for rides that have closed.
  I always am wondering, it's like, is this for the parents who remember it  or like the kids who like throwback stuff, you know?  Yeah.
 And like when I'm 60, I'll be like  in an evil, horny mode at a bare naked ladies concert.
  Like that'll be when they finally  well, when they bring struck back to Steven when they bring Steven Page back,  which is, of course, my big thing is they need to.
  I think they're keeping him out of the band.
  You think it's that way? I believe it's that.
  And I believe I will not see them until he's back in the band.
  Mike, I if you remember, I went to a bare naked ladies concert  with my family in Atlantic City about 10 years ago.
  Yes.
 Right.
 And my brother and I were easily some of the youngest people.
  Oh, I believe that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And Steven was out of the band at that point.
 I think so.
  I think you were saying the bare naked ladies have not made  the transition to a Gen Z audience.
  We are we are failing the generation behind us.
 That's true.
  But they did the Big Bang.
 They got the Big Bang theme.
  So there are some they were a bunch of there was just one group of people  in Bazinga shirts.
 And now we just need that.
  We just need a tick tock dance to one week.
  And that should set things off.
  Or or tick tock dance to if I had a million dollars from the live album.
  Sure.
 And figure out a way to make it takes is one.
  We just need to like we need the situation.
  Right.
 We would make dreams situation.
  And Megan, too, if in the sequel to Megan, she could dance to.
  Oh, wow.
 What a good idea to the old apartment.
  Oh, yeah.
  A really danceable song.
 Oh, yeah.
  One of their most danceable songs.
  You know, yeah, it hits pretty hard, you know.
  So I think it's perfect for Megan.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm picturing now like in an old folks home, you know,  when everyone ends up there, that's our age.
  They're going to have like  instead of watching like, you know, I don't know, old war broadcasts  or whatever they do for like people.
  Now it's going to be watching like class classic era Simpsons  between seasons three and eight Simpsons.
  And all the all the men are going to know all the lines  and all the women are going to be annoyed looking at whatever the  whatever the version of the phone is then.
  I don't know what's going to be.
  Well, and everybody like, you know, see, it got a lot worse in season nine.
  Yeah, that's what I was.
  That's the most like any people who are like about to die.
  That's their last gasp of energy is.
  Yeah, that's right.
 Wait, wait a minute.
  Well, the carny one was OK behind the laughter.
  That had some spark to it.
  Disney Plus converted them all to high definition and they stretched  they stretched the four by three orderlies  having to pull apart two guys just fighting about the principal  and the pauper and whether that was when the show  they made too big of a deal of it.
  Oh, it betrayed that we love the character.
  The show, of course, would still be on the air then,  and El Jean would still be running it.
  That's right.
 So  it's a lot of bionic parts.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  I never thought we'd make it to episode 4000 season 102.
  Wow.
 There are three shows, Family Guy, Graze Anatomy and The Simpsons.
  That's all that's left.
  And every other she just started gathering up characters  from other shows, you know, like like the Stranger Things  characters got added to Graze Anatomy.
  Mm hmm.
  Bob's Burgers just morphed with it like the Belcher's moved in with Family Guy.
  So that that just Family Guy just swallowed Bob's Burgers.
  Everybody's represented.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That's right.
 All the all the TV, all the media companies  consolidated and soon the TV shows will consolidate as well.
  That's what you're saying.
  We're just heading towards Game Master Anthony being  just a ready player one.
 Right.
 Right.
  Is going to happen.
  If you know, if you're if you can't, if you're kind of tribal about like  I like Star Wars, no, I like Marvel.
 No, I like Avatar.
  Well, they're all going to be one thing.
 That's right.
  We'll find out which characters are officially the best when they all fight.
  That's right.
 That's entertainment soon.
  I want to I want to talk more about  the idea of the arcades in the same way that  the Hall of President talks about the idea of a president.
  And I don't know, because to me,  yeah, when we grew up, we had Nintendo, we had Super Nintendo,  but the arcade would give you a better like graphical presentation.
  It feels like it was a different like a high octane version of a video,  especially if it was like a racing game and you got to sit in a seat  because it finally was like it just it was obviously like more horsepower,  whatever the actual name of a graphical processor, whatever that is.
  Was there even the issue at some point of like, can home consoles,  will home consoles ever be as good as what you can just drive a short distance to go?  Probably.
 Probably.
  You forget what a big sea change it was that it was an arcade centric medium,  and then it completely switched to a home.
 Right.
  I'm not smart enough to know exactly when like that threshold was met.
  But it feels like around Nintendo 64 is when you start going,  oh, this is pretty good and pretty close.
  Like I think graphics were still better in arcades for a while longer.
  But your mic minds in USA type like well that like, yeah,  like there's there's bigger flashier stuff.
 Yeah.
  Go to a place to see it.
  So yeah, we so all this stuff like I we've talked about on the show before.
  Enchanted Castle was a crazy place that I loved,  which had so many arcade games and had an animatronic show.
  Of course, the jam and jesters.
  Oh, yes.
 This came up because of Sally Dark Rides on the Patreon, correct?  Yes.
 That was it was this really odd only there and now gone.
  OK, but it involved a lot of songs from the musical Pippin.
  For some reason, it was a lot of Pippin in the Jam and Jester show.
  But yeah, there was an Aladdin's Castle as well.
  But I remember just being in the same way that I would go into like a retail store  and be like desperate to find the toy section.
  Any time we went to like a roller skating party, an ice skating party,  I had my eye on where is the arcade?  And the really when I think about what the most exciting arcade was for me,  it was in Poplar Creek Bowl, which was a bowling alley that had three or four games.
  And it's still there.
 It's still in Schomburg.
  And it was primarily because I was so obsessed with Ninja Turtles  that it had the Ninja Turtles game.
  And in the same way that when we watch a movie in school  and the New Line Cinema logo would come up, I had I had a mono focus  when it came to arcades.
  And it was do they have that Ninja Turtles game?  I love the Simpsons game.
 I like a bunch of other games.
  But I was almost more consumed with just being near my friends  than I was being with a big option, a big bunch of options.
  When I was little, when I was a little older, there was other stuff.
  By your friends, you mean the Ninja Turtles?  Yes, I thought that was clear.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 Just make it.
  It's possible that there could be friends around.
  No, I don't.
  I was going to say this.
  The actual social aspect of arcades were a big  component of their success, because with with malls  spraddling up, like parents could leave the kid with a few bucks.
  Yes.
 And come back.
  Now, now my mother would not do that, but that was for sure happening.
  But I remember, yeah, anytime you go to a place  that you kind of got like a sense like, oh, this place might have a couple of games.
  Like it would be I would be almost more interested in that,  primarily for Ninja Turtles than the actual activity.
  I like bowling fine, but I wanted to just stay in there  and wait for the older kids to be done playing the Ninja Turtles game.
  So I could sneak in there and play.
  Yeah, this is when you talk arcades in general.
  That's a big thing I flash to is like, oh, older kids.
  Oh, older kids are doing the thing that I want to do.
  Yes.
 Older kids are behind me wanting to do  my thing and I will cave immediately or I will get so sweaty  and start playing this thing so badly that I that it's game over and I have to go.
  Yes.
 The older kids situation  makes this all dark to talk about.
  Yes, I have such strong memories of that turtle, like a bunch of older kids.
  And when we say older kids, they were probably two years older.
  They're probably nine years old.
  I'm seven and they're nine.
  And I think these are like 30 year olds.
  This is so interesting because I never encountered this.
  I think I had like short by default of being short and always young looking.
  They probably all thought I was five or six years younger than I actually was.
  So I didn't get in any trouble.
  But there was I'm remembering there was another Ocean City  arcade called Aquaport, and that was by like the center of town.
  It was by a big ice cream parlor, big playground.
  And that's where the teenagers would smoke and poorly skateboard outside.
  But it was more of an ordeal to go there.
  So you were never more of a rigmarole.
  You were never scared of them at the arcade.
  The older kids.
 No.
 Really? Yeah.
  This is wild, Patrick.
 Yeah, Patrick.
  You have an older kid.
  I mean, I don't think I definitely didn't have any run ins that I can remember.
  I think I was probably intimidated.
  But I also kind of I never played anything that was competitive  unless I was with like, you know, you can't leave an open  play the computer in like a fighting game and leave the option for somebody to come in  because then you could get beat and it's embarrassing.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  So so you got to make sure you have a pair for that.
  But I mean, other than that, I played a lot.
  I played a lot of like the, you know, X-Men or anything with the three screens  or the use of Ninja Turtles.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The four player kind of thing.
  Yeah.
 Anything that was like Simpsons was that way.
  Certainly, if there were older kids there, I would want I would find something else to do.
  That's OK.
  So you weren't afraid of them, but maybe you steered clear.
  I'm not going to I'm not going to like put my quarter on the, you know,  you put it on the little things to mark your place.
  Like, I'm not doing that.
  Oh, when there's somebody who's 11 there.
  Oh, 11.
 Oh, God.
  Yeah, because like also I remember even do it when like fighting games  really like Mortal Kombat, which we've talked about before.
  I was obsessed with playing Mortal Kombat with the blood.
  And I had Super Nintendo and Super Nintendo did not have blood in Mortal Kombat.
  It would not allow it.
  And I hated that.
 I wanted to see the blood.
  I was a child who loved blood, I guess.
  But it felt like adult or whatever.
  But this could the blood situation ever come across your mother's desk.
  Was she aware that you had this blood fascination?  Did you keep it secret at all?  I'm sure I kept my blood lust secret from my mother.
  I had to.
 I had no choice.
  She didn't catch you playing the blood version.
  And there were I never had the blood version of you.
  Did you have Super Nintendo or Genesis? Super Nintendo.
  Yeah, so you couldn't get the blood, couldn't get the blood  because that was only on Genesis.
  It's like main selling point was the blood.
  Yes.
 Was Mortal Kombat two?  Did the Super Nintendo allow it?  Have it have the blood?  Oh, maybe for two they did.
  I'm talking about for the first one.
 That's what I was talking about, too.
  Yeah.
 But any time I would try to play it,  you would I would I never I would never win a fighting game in an arcade.
  I never won a round.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You get killed by an older kid.
 Yeah.
  I don't recall a single time.
  So I play Street Fighter, I play Mortal Kombat, and I would feel  I would be humiliated, which we've talked about recently.
  Like when you were a little kid, we talk about it a lot, I guess.
  And you were humiliated by you were humiliated  because the older kids would literally dominate you.
  And then you just because you get a dollar or whatever.
  It is literal domination.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Technical sense.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Because, yes, I'm talking about in a video.
  You would be dominated in a video game.
 Yeah.
  And I would just be like, I felt like shit.
  I would be feeling so bad about myself because I could never beat anybody.
  And even to this day, I don't think I don't think I've ever beaten  a stranger in an arcade setting.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  I I would play those occasionally, but I think I gravitate it more towards  besides Turtles and X-Men and Simpsons, the shooting game, light gun games.
  Yeah.
 Like the Aerosmith Revolution, Revolution X.
  Yeah.
 Revolution X.
  Excuse me.
 Terminator two.
  And then I don't know if anyone remembers the oddly  photorealistic lethal enforcers.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You were shooting.
 Yeah.
  You were just shooting bad guys in normal clothes.
  Like it was just regular people, but they had mean sunglasses on  or like a flashy jacket and they'd be shooting at you.
 Sure.
  And this is a great it's a wonderful poster.
  The poster.
 Yeah.
  Who I can't imagine they look like that in the game.
  Well, that's such a great well, but there was there was that era of video games  where they were used in Mortal Kombat.
  We've talked about this, I think, before.
  Mortal Kombat does a little of like it was actual people  and using whatever technology of the day.
  It would look a little bit more like they were actually scanning them in.
  Yeah.
 I remember the Batman Forever Super Nintendo game was like that.
  And then there were a lot of arcade games.
  There was that Scottie Pippen Sega CD game where it was like live action.
  Scottie Pippen, which I'm sure was impossible to play.
  I'm sure it was a bad game.
 Yeah.
  There were four people played that game.
 Right.
  I don't think I've ever even heard of that game.
  Sega CD as in and of itself was already kind of one of those.
 Yes.
  Formats like it was like the what is it like the babysitter murder game?  Right.
 Was on the right night stalker or whatever.
  And then Sewer Shark.
  That's like all I remember.
 Yeah.
  I never had it, but a friend had it.
  And yeah, it was it was a similar virtual boy situation  where it sounded cooler than when it lived up to be.
  Slam City with Scottie Pippen is the name of the game.
  Which is great.
  Revolution X, I remember at a lot of the Disney World hotels  had Revolution X like no one was thinking at the time,  like, should we have all these gun games at the happiest place on earth?  You know?  But I the arcade.
  Maybe that was part of their contract.
  Like if we're not doing the right thing, I'm doing it.
  Point those machines and brand expansion opportunity for us.
 Right.
  The arcade, I remember.
  What is that? What is that?  What was that? That was very arcade.
  That sounded cool.
  It's the it's the evil whatever they're called.
  The bad guys from Revolution X have hacked into.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
  We'll need a gun that shoots both bullets and compact discs at them.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They're called the New Order Nation Regime.
  That's that's the.
  The Disney arcade memory I have very weirdly is  I think a lot of people fondly remember like, oh, the contemporary hotel  used to have a big arcade.
 Oh, yeah.
  They're arcade, you know, getting all space bound in Florida and California.
  But I remember a very small arcade at the beach and Yacht Club  that we would end up going to to kill time before we ate at the Cape  May Seafood Buffet.
  That was one of my family's like, all right, we're here too early  for our seafood buffet.
  So we're going to kill time at the arcade.
  Sounds like such a chore for you.
 I know.
 I know.
  Oh, what a time for my seafood, my endless seafood.
  You also called it the Beach and Yacht Club.
  Oh, instead of the beach club.
  I found that interesting.
  That was bullshit.
  I'm glad you called Jason on it.
  I'm getting my ass roasted today.
  I consider that a roast of Mike for thinking that was enough to care about.
  Just to clarify where my roasting is.
  Yeah, yeah, he roasted me.
  You're clean.
 Fair enough.
  You're doing fine.
  Fired a bunch of pinball.
 Eventually.
  Oh, is this some slam city with Scottie Pippen?  This is the full game.
  Oh, yeah.
 55 minutes.
  This is a whole version of it.
  So you're in space.
  I hope I'm right and it's actually a video and I don't look like a fool here.
  The iconic Sega CD logo has appeared.
  Yeah, there's Sonic.
  You know that sound.
  That's Sonic.
  And it's got the little Sonic chime.
  Somehow sounds worse than the Sega Genesis chime.
  There's Sonic.
  Oh, wait.
  Oh, but it transitioned to a basketball.
  Yeah.
  A 3D looking basketball.
  Look out.
  That's the power of the processing you get with the Sega CD.
  Oh, they're showing off there.
  I like, by the way, I like how this is gearing up.
  This is fun.
  You and me.
  Yeah, Scottie, my man.
  I love it.
  Wait, wait, let's just watch that.
  Yeah, I love it.
  I love it.
  I love it.
  I love it.
  I love it.
  I love it.
  I love it.
  You and me.
  Can we find the top of the Scottie?  Oh, here we go.
  Yeah, yeah.
  All right.
  Let's just hear Scottie.
  High quality video.
  Is this like Mad Dog McCree but with Scottie Pippen playing basketball?  Dominate the court.
  Earn some real respect.
  Dominate.
  You and me will play one on one.
  What do you say?  I say I'm in.
  That is way too much pressure for me.
  I love, this is great.
  You're playing that at home and then you just press eject silently back in the case and  walk away.
  There is no way I will earn enough respect to top one of the best NBA players.
  Of all time.
  Yeah.
  Sir, I don't believe I can dominate you.
  I still.
  I am seven years old.
  I am not.
  Jason talking to the screen.
  Mr.
 Pippen, I apologize.
  Thank you for your sir.
  I'm saluting you.
  I didn't know it was a one on one situation.
  I thought maybe you were the host of this.
  I didn't realize you were a participant and frankly I can't go toe to toe with you.
  Sir, I thought this was the musical Pippen.
  I was very confused.
  I am returning this to Wesco's video to live vicariously through the adventures of Vector  Man.
  I will be.
  Gee, I am more comfortable with Vector Man.
  Yeah, this, oh by the way, I still have unopened the Scottie Pippen Digits bourbon.
  I'm saving it for a special occasion.
  Geez.
  And that was not the birth of your child.
  I was thinking that was good.
  That's not special enough.
  I was thinking that was good what was going to happen, but it didn't happen.
  So it's going to have to be different.
  You made digits.
  You produced, those digits didn't exist before you.
  Very true.
  And those are your, you made the digits.
  You had to open some digits.
  Okay, well soon.
  We'll figure, we'll figure out maybe the first birthday or something.
  That's nice.
  Uh huh.
  I hope, well I hope that's at a park or something and you got to discreetly, hey I got this  digits under the table.
  I got digits.
  Did you ask Scottie Pippen's birth, you know, Scottie Pippen.
  Uh uh.
  Uh uh.
  You want to take it?  It's not the musical.
  Not the musical.
  Scottie from the Bulls.
  It's not a branded bourbon to the musical Pippen.
  You know, ex-husband of Larsa Pippen, come on.
  Oh and Larsa was dating Michael Jordan's son.
  Yeah that's right.
  What?  I was picturing the intimidation video.
  Oh yeah.
  I was being sent to Michael Jordan's son.
  I said that in both Jason and Scott you started typing.
  What do you mean?  Wait, she was, okay she was a real housewife?  Yeah, yeah, Larsa, yeah they divorced a couple years ago.
  And she dated, whoa.
  And she's been like going places with Michael Jordan's son and they're like, we're just  friends.
  I know, I know.
  Yeah, I love to be friends with somebody who's 18 years younger than me.
  Yes, this is wild.
  And uh, yeah.
  This is like Jada and that guy.
  I think they need a red table of their own.
  I guess they gotta pick a different color.
  Red's taken.
  Well the Bulls was red.
  Bulls is red.
  Well black was in there too.
  I don't know.
  The black and red table.
  The black and red table.
  There we go.
  Now it's Bulls branded.
  We're taking this to Michael Jordan's steakhouse.
  Oh man.
  Real quick before I, I also, we should just do a future episode on this.
  The arcade shows of the era too.
  Like in Nick Arcade, remember Nick Arcade of course.
  Nick Arcade was a dream.
  A dream.
  Oh my god.
  It probably was the dumbest thing in the world to try to play.
  But man, when I was like, I'm in the game.
  I can't believe this.
  Probably a nightmare.
  Nightmare to play.
  Super not fun.
  The final round where you go inside the game, it was basically you were just like in a green screen.
  And you were trying, I think the kids were like looking at a monitor or something, trying to see what the digital elements of the video game.
  Trying to like dodge something.
  Right.
  And they're confused and like, it's like you're looking at two places.
  Like it would, because you'd always get mad as a kid.
  Like why are they doing better?  They've achieved my dream.
  Yeah.
  They are flushing it down the toilet.
  Like the girl just got hit in the head with a ghost.
  Just duck.
  Idiot.
  And that's how every kid felt watching kids somehow not be able to put together the silver monkey.
  Right.
  Oh, yes.
  There's three pieces.
  For god's sakes.
  100 percent.
  That one feels like, well, OK, let's pull the room.
  I think that I'd be bad at Nick Arcade despite all that.
  Like, come on, idiot.
  Do it.
  I think I would be horrible at it.
  And the green screen is really confusing.
  But the silver monkey, I kind of feel like I could have done.
  But maybe it's like darker, stressful.
  I don't know.
  You mean the whole thing?  I think.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  Oh, I'd be bad at much of the physical effort involved in Legends of the Hidden Temple.
  But the actual putting together of the puzzle, I don't seem that hard to me.
  But what do you think, Patrick?  Yeah.
  Well, the only thing I would say is if there hadn't already been like the scary guy that  gets you that came through, I think maybe I'd be distracted by waiting for like the jump  scare and thinking I was going to have a heart attack at age 10.
  Right.
  Maybe that would like derail the monkey thing.
  I can't count on myself under pressure in that kind of situation.
  So, you know, as much as I'm talking shit, I think I probably have a little trouble.
  I wouldn't like it wouldn't be like blowing the whole thing for my team, but it would  definitely cost a few seconds, I would guess.
  Gotcha.
  And real quick, the show I also I learned about because I never saw it was a show  called Video Power that was similar to Nick Arcade and it was hosted by a kid named  Johnny Arcade, very excited about diving into more.
  I don't remember that one.
  Johnny Arcade.
  I don't rather lazy.
  He's OK.
  So he's the video game master.
  Yeah.
  He's the guy you have to like beat or something.
  I've never seen this.
  There was trivia, I think, involved in it.
  But also there was, yeah, an element of playing video games.
  You didn't go in the game like Nick Arcade, but it was a similar show.
  This is like a Beat the Geeks.
  But yeah, one guy.
  Similar.
  Yeah, I think.
  But yeah, I just came upon it while I was looking around for stuff.
  So aesthetically, it's wonderful.
  And I'm looking at a kid who's the most like Bobby Budnick red hair mullet kid ever.
  This is one of the streets.
  A bowl cut with a mullet underneath.
  It manages to be too unflattering hairstyles.
  When you're let me show you so you guys can see at least.
  Oh, sure.
  That's an insane look.
  That's interesting.
  Why would they punish children with these?  But that's not Johnny Arcade.
  Johnny Arcade.
  That's not Johnny Arcade.
  Johnny Arcade is like this cool dude.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And the big chair.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Played by actor Stevie Paskowski.
  Yeah, of course.
  Stevie Paskowski.
  Yeah, Academy Award nominee.
  He was in the he's on Agents of Shield.
  So Johnny Arcade is in the MCU.
  That's great.
  That finally Johnny Arcade is joining the MCU.
  I love when they have those announcements.
  Yeah.
  Mr.
 Arcade.
  Morgan Freeman is joining the MCU.
  That was one of the feel like Agents of Shield like Ike  Parramutter had his iron grip on it.
  It's like, OK, we can't use most characters.
  We're clear to use Johnny Arcade.
  They're letting us everything's consolidating.
  Much expense.
  I have purchased the character Johnny Arcade from what's the show called?  Video Power.
  Video Power.
  Yeah.
  I faintly remember.
  The last time Ike ever put on a television.
  That's what was on.
  So he assumed Johnny was big with the kids.
  He catches it every now and then at Mar-a-Lago out of the corner of his eye.
  Before he says turn that shit off.
  Yeah.
  Put on a golf match.
  No, this is like a Heim Saban thing.
  Apparently.
  Oh, I didn't actually know that.
  Video Power.
  That makes sense.
  Another kind of like notorious odd, right?  He's like a cantankerous scumbag guy.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a big time political donor, but made a lot of his money underpaying all those child actors.
  All the Power Rangers.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's right.
  That's right.
  Well, when the Hollywood Reporter reported that he did not actually compose all the music in all of the shows he made.
  What?  Which totals 3,700 pieces of music.
  Oh, I don't believe that.
  So he did not himself compose 3,700 songs while also producing all of the shows.
  Oh my.
  I thought he did.
  Mr.
 Saban.
  I thought he did.
  Okay.
  Well, having branched out into arcade world a little bit more, I think we should narrow focus a little bit and talk about the place that Patrick came in to talk about, which inspired this episode, which I'm so excited to get into.
  Do you want to introduce us to the general premise and place and the basics here?  Yeah.
  So this is, I'll start from my perspective as a kid.
  This is a place that opened in, well, eventually opened in 1982.
  We can get into sort of that whole thing, but it was called Arnie's Place in Westport, Connecticut, which is a couple of towns over from where I grew up.
  And apparently it was much more controversial than I knew.
  But by the time I was, you know, paying attention and going to the place when I was probably 1990 or so, you know, it closed in 94.
  But it was just a, it was a freestanding building that was an arcade.
  It had a, now it's like a, it became an anthropology after Arnie's closed, I believe.
  And now I think it's an Ulta.
  But they took off this, there was like this weird, I want to remember it as being either brown or like a dark purple, kind of like a very dark, you know, purple, kind of like, you know, maybe a little tinged, like almost like a rubber skin.
  Like that was like the facade of the building.
  I don't know how else to explain it.
  Like it was coated in something almost kind of like think like, like Legos, but not with his raised circles.
  You know, does that make sense?  But it looks like it looks like a toy type building.
  That's that's really crazy.
  But they were they were small.
  They were like quarter sized.
  I'm trying.
  I'm trying to like, like, but so it was anyway, it was very like distinctive.
  Like it wasn't like in a mall is what I'm saying, because like, you know, it was like its own.
  This guy built this place and it was built by this guy named Arnie K.
  It had, you know, arcade machines.
  It had pool tables, I guess.
  It had also like a little ice cream parlor off to the side, which had a little very weird animatronic little performance thing called George.
  The ice cream place is called Georgie Porgy's.
  How far is this from your house?  You have an animatronic show this this close to you.
  What's that? You have an animatronic show this close to where you live.
  That's that's incredible.
 Well, I did.
  I did.
 Yeah.
 And then and I'm trying to think what else there was.
  I think there was some kind of food.
  I don't I don't think there was like a well, there was a there was a deli is what I found, which will also be the specters.
  Yeah, there was a yeah, there was a deli and that later became I think I think the deli was like it was not it was on it was like next door.
  It wasn't like part of the same building, I don't think.
  But I think it became like a ball, do cheese, which is like a higher end kind of Italian marketplace.
  That's like a chain up around here.
  So that's yeah, that's there's a lot of details, obviously, but that's the general.
  And that's where they had their own their own tokens, like custom tokens, which I thought was very high end considering.
  It's just one establishment.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You know, Chuck E.
 Cheese will have them.
 But these are these are for Arnie's place only.
  It's great.
 Right.
 And like, I mean, even like and they were metal.
  They were like subway tokens.
 Like that's kind of what they almost look like.
  As opposed to like a you go to like, was it Fun Spot? Right.
  Don't they have wood? They have metal ones there.
 I guess they have metal ones there.
  Never mind.
 The place in New Hampshire where the King of Kong.
 Oh, right.
 Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I've been there a couple of times because I have friends who have like a, you know, lake house kind of nearby.
  So I made it a point to go there and take the picture framed like that awful toady guy who like is like Billy Mitchell's number two.
  That guy like the kill screen coming out of the.
 We got a kill screen coming.
  So I tried to like frame a shot like the, you know, where his talking heads are.
  There's like a door right by the machine.
 They haven't moved the machine anyway.
  That's a place, by the way.
 I'm curious.
 You haven't been there because that seems to me like I forgot where that was.
  But I remember watching the documentary thinking like, well, this is like the casinos that you go into where you're not supposed to be having fun.
  Like sometimes you walk into a casino and like the vibe is not good.
 I need to leave.
  These are all people playing hardcore.
 They are.
  They have they're glaring at me because an outsider has come in.
  I need to get the fuck out of here.
 That's always the vibe.
  I assumed Fun Spot would have just given the like insane nature of everybody and the very competitive nature of everybody in King of Kong.
  But is that is that true, though? Is it is it is it fun and fun spot?  Yeah, I would say I mean, it's a little bit color by the fact that it was like summer of twenty twenty one is when we went.
  So it was like, oh, my God, like that was the same weekend I went to the movies for the first time in like, you know, a year and a half or whatever.
  So I'm probably but I mean, it was there.
  I think probably when they have that tournament or whatever, if you're anywhere near the Donkey Kong machine, you're not supposed to be having any fun.
  But it's a lot of kids.
 They have a lot of stuff.
  They have those really old machines where like you're just like there's like lights that are moving and you're just trying to hit a button when they're on the middle like the really old like trying to time things, you know.
  And then you exchange your tickets for spider rings or the classic all those classic kind of toys.
  All that stuff or like a joy buzzer.
 You know, it's kind of old timey.
  But at the same time, yeah, it's it's I would recommend it's a good place.
  Huge.
 Also, which is just kind of fun.
  I think it's a good place to have like every kind of old arcade machine in that in that in that hall where Donkey Kong is.
  Here's the question before we return to Arnie's maybe to touch on briefly prizes.
  What are prizes that you want today? What are prizes that you wanted then?  What's everybody's prize taste?  I a lot of the ones that I talked about weren't really prize centric or if they were, I didn't really occasionally I think time out had a small prize counter.
  I think I was going to play like video games, not like ticket games.
  Oh, sure.
 OK.
 Oh, so you were kind of out.
 You were not necessarily racking up a ton for.
  Yeah, I mean, I often with my family and then like around like 12 or 13, if I'd go to the mall with friends, we'd like stop in the arcade between like the comic store and the pizza place.
  You know, but then they all pretty quickly shut down by the time I got in my mid to later teens.
  You know, Mike, prices plush.
  Oh, OK.
 Sure, sure.
  I needed plush and as much of it as I could get.
  And if it was I didn't have a Chuck E.
 Cheese plush, but I think they had like a decent size one and I never got it.
  But if I was looking for like a stuffed animal or a toy, but they had more.
  I feel like they usually had more like plush than they did some sort of good action figure driver.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Patrick price.
  The shittiest little stuffed animal that you've ever seen in your life.
  Basically, that's like and that's for 10,000.
  Yeah, that's impossible to get.
  Yeah, I'll just give you money.
 I'll give you 100 US dollars.
  Right.
 No, something it should cost to the I don't think if there was any kind of price situation, I don't remember.
  It probably was crooked in some way, I would guess.
  But Discovery Zone, I was a big ticket collector for sure.
  You know, skeeball and all that.
  Probably Big Bertha.
 I don't know if you got tickets or worth it.
  I assume probably a ticket one.
  I'm trying to think of what I would have wanted, though.
  There was always some I don't know what are those like dumb like like, you know, they're like a kaleidoscope thing where it's like it's like a yeah, it's like crystal on one end.
  And it's kind of shaped like a funnel.
  And you're and you look into the narrow end and it's like that's about the best you could do.
  I feel like like a like a like a cheap version of that.
  I never really collected a ton of prize tickets.
  So little to right.
 Yeah.
  My just spider.
 I mean, spider rings always welcome, you know, black or orange.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  And think about my favorite arcade memories.
  I like, you know, I had plenty that I went to growing up that I like, but there were not a lot of stories necessarily.
  But my favorite time ever at an arcade was when I was on a Funny or Die shoot that was in Oklahoma City.
  It was a shoot that involved me acting as a massage therapist to Kevin Durant and James Harden.
  OK, so that was an odd experience I got to have while Kate Upton looked on.
  This was a star study.
  These were the glory days of of branded Web content for headphone brands.
  But a whole group of people was in Oklahoma City and we had time to kill one day and we passed by a mall on the side of the freeway like, oh, that's what we're doing.
  We're going there.
 We went to the Quail Springs Mall and we had the most wonderful time.
  It must have been a tilt.
 I think it was probably a tilt.
  And we played the deal or no deal game, which is a good one.
  I recommend that in general.
  You can like get a couple rounds of action on it, even if you end up losing.
  It's one of the like roulette or something where like, well, it's at least fun even if you sure just eat it.
  But but this this brain trust of five folks involved Andrew Grissom and Matt Mazzani.
  You've been on the show and other friends of the show.
  Buzz Buzz.
 We all got the full hundred in deal as well.
  She said Kate come as well or she Kate Upton was with you.
  Oh, no, Kate, Kevin and James did seem to be they did seem to have no interest in associating with us as soon as they were.
  Some of those people trying to leave the shoot while it was occurring.
  And I was demanded to go dance around like a clown to get them to stop.
  What? Yes, that is something that happens.
  Like, yeah, here's all the story.
  The yeah, I was just brought on to this thing is like, I don't know, maybe we'll throw you in there.
  We'll give you a part or something.
  You're like an on set writer or something.
  And the basketball players wanted to leave.
  They've been there for an hour and a half.
  And they're like, this is longer than anything should ever take.
  But they also heard one of them on the lav mics say like, like, hey, that that dude's pretty funny.
  And I like it.
 So like that's some inside information.
  Like, maybe that's a way.
 And they said, just go entertain him.
  Go.
 And I literally had been walked up to these very famous basketball players.
  Just like, hey, what's I just like I just like acted like I mean, they were much younger than me.
  Also, which is hard to think about when they are they are giants and sure.
  Those multimillionaires.
 Does anyone have eyes on Kevin Durant?  Yeah, I know we were all taking lunch.
  He said he was heading to the airport.
  Does anyone know what that did at your dancing work?  It did.
 It did keep him around.
 We finished.
  Technically, there were like all the shots were completed.
  Yeah, I did just like a goof around as like I was a babysitter to Kevin Durant in Oklahoma.
  This was a this was an odd thing.
  And did you talk ever again after that?  The relation I mean, I should hit him up again.
  But I think he'll have such fond memories of that day.
  Member Oklahoma City.
 He's probably been, you know, probably been lonely.
  Like, sure, he's successful, but does he have this on?  He misses true innocent fun.
  Do you have any thoughts on like the Matterhorn or something?  He could do the show.
  You know, I'll try to get all of him.
  But I think it's just like literally you'd have too much space in the room.
  Right.
 I think you guys would have to.
  That's true.
 You're the tall one.
  So he's going to replace you.
 That's true.
  You probably get a reply on Twitter, at least.
 Right.
  He's pretty active on there.
  I'll send a nice screenshot of memory.
  I remember the funny massage scene you were in for 15 minutes.
  Hey, Jason, I'll pick the two of us thinking of you.
  Yeah, I'm thinking of you, Kev.
  Anyway, the point is in Oklahoma City, the victory, the victory like the thunder had when we saw them the night before,  we had a victory of 100 tickets in Deal or No Deal.
  And the game was right at the like we basically like fed the tickets out into the mall.
  Like it was right at the door.
 Right.
 Right.
  Just like kept going into the concourse.
  And I bring all this up to say having 100 tickets and then a group of dudes was so fun, like, OK, let's put our heads together.
  What are the ultimate prizes that we want to do here?  And I recommend these to anybody.
  Little parachute guys.
 Oh, yeah.
  Which we threw off the third level into the court and donated them to some to some local 10 year olds.
  And then this is a really good prize.
  Whether you have kids or you're a 30 something hillbilly teeth.
  Do we have this picture, Jordan?  Here's me in the Oklahoma City Disney store with.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  That I'm so happy here.
  We invented a whole we were we invented a whole lineup of characters called the Hokels.
  OK, we had a whole mythology, yes, with our hillbilly teeth.
  Hokels, I guess, you know, sort of like yokel, but with Hokem added to it.
  And it was just like, you know, now the governor of New York, Kathy, one of your classic.
  Anyway, just fun, fun memories of my Hokel days.
  You want me to bust out a little Hokel, I'd be I'd be happy to hear some.
  What the what the heck is all this is equipment in front of me here?  I don't know about this big city equipment.
  I'm just a huckle.
  I'm nothing but a huckle.
  Have you written the Hokels into any sort of script?  No, I've thought maybe is that like a juncture?  Like, was that a sign at the time that Hokel should have?  Yes.
 Been a show that we try with.
  This could be a whole different universe if we just had done it.
  You know, the Hokels causes Peacock to lose yet another billion dollars.
  So we're all Peacock is all in on the Hokel.
  This had better work.
  It's kind of like Yellowstone, but silly, but all silly like it's called Hokel.
  After an abbreviated first season, poker face canceled due to money being diverted to the Hokel.
  If only poker face was as fun as us, the Hokels.
  I still have the teeth.
  I still have the teeth.
  I use them as a Christmas ornament each year.
  So, you know, that's a budget right there.
  We're already four dollars ahead.
  We do already have the teeth.
  Great.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'll get pitching soon.
  Anyway, I just recommend those as prizes if you get the chance.
  Here's Arnie's place.
  Oh, great.
  Oh, I didn't know we had this photo.
  Oh, great, great, great.
  Oh, wait.
  You can kind of see.
  Yeah.
  Wait, this weird brown texture that's kind of bumpy.
  It's brown and bumpy.
  Interesting.
  You know how you like buildings to be.
  I mean, it does look like a building that you want to hug.
  It's like it's a big, soft, foamy building.
  That's nice.
  It has like a token cut out of the wall, kind of.
  It's got like this like two like semicircle windows above and below the Arnie's place logo.
  A big space in between Arnie's in place.
  Not sure what the decision there on the font was, but just give give kids a break from reading.
  You read one word and take a breather.
  You read the next.
  Yeah, you read all day.
  You know, you come in here.
  You don't have to read in here.
  That's what you did in school.
  Oh, and look at this interior of.
  Oh, my God.
  Like this is really straight.
  Yeah, this is so glorious.
  It's like, I don't know.
  Can you describe this to like every game is in this glorious like Goldenwood.
  Liberace's bedroom is an arcade.
  Yes, just big round.
  It's like incredible woodwork.
  This is this is like this is a top shelf arcade for sure.
  Every game has its own slot, its own peep show like privacy.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  It's like a urinal with dividers.
  It's very strip clubby in retrospect.
  That's something I obviously did not cotton to when I was a kid, but it is very much.
  Yeah, it's me.
  It's mirrored ceilings essentially right.
  The Bracci's bedroom.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  But so the things that why are why are we talking about Arnie's place in general?  What is the big why have I built up Arnie's place?  And I think it's because I looked into this owner, Arnie K.
  And Arnie K.
 was out of his mind.
  This guy was nuts.
  I as alluded to earlier, I could not believe how much literature there was about Connecticut arcade.
  Connecticut arcade owner Arnie K, which which Patrick, you and our DMS alluded to a little bit like you had you had like the legends from your parents of Arnie Lord.
  You recall anything in particular?  Yeah, I mean, there was something about him.
  I remember being told he like chained himself to City Hall or something because because they were like the town didn't want it to open.
  Like there was like a neighborhood or town association or something that like opposed the arcade opening because and this is all very quaint in retrospect, you know, but like it was 1982 and 1981.
  I guess this was taking place and it was like it's going to be a hangout for teens.
  They're going to smoke and play addictive video games and et cetera.
  You know, they should go to the YMCA or, you know, school groups or church.
  You know, it's not very convincing in retrospect, listening to listening to whoever the opposition was.
  But yeah, as part of that, I think he chained himself to Westport City Hall or Town Hall.
  And there's a bunch of other stunts that he obviously did or threatened to do.
  Let's pull up a picture of him.
  This is Arnie K.
 as in the New York Times.
  The New York Times covered this local arcade drama an astounding amount of times.
  I got a subscription so that I could read, not keep up with current events, but look up 1984 articles about arcade drama for the listener.
  Well, here I am reading this from the newspaper.
  Some were described him as a hulk of a man, probably around 350 pounds.
  And it was his dream to build a video arcade.
  He was the heir to a pinball fortune, which now after what Jason said at the beginning, a lot of color.
  OK, all right.
 Yeah.
  And I hate to profile off of his physical appearance, but you know, there's look, he's he's got a Paul Sorvino certainly has a Paul Sorvino thing going on.
  So what does pinball fortune mean?  I don't know.
  He he was so he's very, very wealthy.
  He lived in Connecticut in a house previously owned by a Gershwin, like George Gershwin's sister, Francis, who was married to the inventor of Kodachrome photography.
  So that's who had those before.
  And then pinball heir Arnie K.
  So this is like clearly a very nice estate.
  And he really anybody wanted to give back.
  He wanted to give Connecticut kids like you some fun.
  But he ran afoul of something called the Greens Farms Association, who said, we don't want our town to become a city.
  That's what.
  Oh, yes, I see what you mean.
  Oh, the so city life.
  But we are but a quaint town.
  But he in in starting this arcade, he's like, this is not going to be, you know, just some scuzzy kid hang out.
  This is going to be, you know, a classy top shelf place.
  We're going to have attendance in blazers.
  Everyone who works here will be in a blazer.
  And I know that everyone in the town is worried about kids skipping school to go to the arcade.
  And that's why our three uniformed attendants will be on duty and they will all have copies of all the school calendars in a 25 mile radius in their pockets.
  And so if a young person unaccompanied by an adult enters, we ask them no school today.
  And then it's weird.
  They said no school today while making this like a pay up.
  Oh, oh, there's no school.
  I hear there's no school if you can like scratch the scratch, you know, well, Arnie did his training and then he did his off the books training.
  Yeah, that's not everyone the gestures.
  So anyway, so look, we can we're cross checking the calendars.
  We have a PA system to announce the names of children called home for dinner.
  Imagine the embarrassment of Patrick.
  This is how I thought everywhere was all the time, actually, when I was a kid, I thought everyone would know if I ever did something wrong or like knew what like they knew my name.
  They knew who my parents were.
  So I never decided to do anything bad.
  Michael Carlson stopped playing the turtles game.
  Right.
  The arcade should know he got a B plus on a recent social studies test.
  That's right.
  Oh, I was going to say as a kid, Mike's motto was call me whatever you want.
  Just don't call me late for dinner.
  Well, that's that's true.
  Be on your tombstone.
  You that I mean, it's something very quaint about the idea.
  You've been called home for dinner.
  It's like, well, unless your mom is outside in the Volvo, like this is not Little House on the Prairie.
  Like this is on a this is on the post road in Westport.
  It's like a road that everyone goes like 40 on.
  There's car dealership across the street.
  You know what I mean? It's not a this is not like a walk home type, you know, area.
  So just from a purely from a distance perspective, forgetting about, you know, being on the side of like a main road.
  So, yeah, mom's outside.
  So I guess I guess if that's what's being called home for dinner is then sure.
  The security guards didn't have like some sort of giant index of like, OK, little Billy's dinner is at six thirty.
  Little Sally's is at seven forty five.
  Mom gets home late.
  We're going to be consulting with all the local children's meal calendar.
  Right.
 You got to submit.
  You go you go door to door.
  Part of the census in the town was to give the meal calendar out to let everyone know when meals happen in the family.
  Talking five thirty six.
  And then what do you do?  Do you like a steak night?  Do you like like Mexican tacos?  Preparation of the meal take is going to go into account when we're calling your kids.
  So you got to tell us what is taco night?  Is it Tuesday?  Is it Tuesday?  You're making a roast.
  Is it going to take longer?  Yeah, because we got to have a grace 15 to 30 minute grace period depending on how hot your oven cooks.
  You give us your amperage.
  So oh, and then and then one more thing, because he's looking at Arnie is trying all that he can.
  He's ingratiating himself to the town.
  I want to get this arcade built.
  I'm going to have the school calendars.
  And you're worried about kids sneaking out of high school.
  I'll build a gate.
  The thing he offered.
  I will build a gate.
  This is Trump's plan.
  Yeah, I know how to stop.
  What if we just build a very high wall that will stop high school miscreants?  But anyways, the city still will not budge.
  We will not open this place.
  We just and we aren't zoned for it.
  Frankly, we don't want an arcade in our town.
  So Arnie started going apeshit.
  He called the he called the rules unconstitutional.
  He called the opponents of of his plans snobs and racists.
  Wow.
  Not sure where racism enters the picture.
  Arnie K seems like a white fella.
  Anyway, then he, as you said, chained himself to town hall.
  Then then he had a guy dressed as Pac Man hand out fifty dollar bills to anyone wearing an I support Arnie's place shirt.
  This goes all the way up and up to the Connecticut Supreme Court.
  And then finally, dream achieved.
  It is opening.
  Great.
  Arnie's place is open for business.
  Three weeks later, it is closed.
  A judge orders it closed again because it had something to do with zoning.
  We're like, OK, well, let you do this.
  But Max 50 games, he put in 80 games.
  So now he's like going back and forth with them like, OK, what if all right, I'm going to have seventy five games.
  And so a lot of them are just backups.
  So it's only if the other games go down.
  But then, of course, he's just running all the games at once.
  So he's this is immediately shut down.
  How this place is such a firestorm.
  I don't know.
  But Arnie thinks about other angles.
  What else can we do to keep my place open?  And he realized, wait a minute, the the city's not OK with arcades, but I've checked the Constitution and they say nothing about porno theaters.
  So here's what I'm going to do.
  There's this this is city councilman William Siden.
  And he has a bug up his butt about my arcade.
  What if I open a porno theater called the William Siden Pornography Theater?  He's opening a spiked porno theater that he doesn't even want to open, named after a local politician.
  That is one of the canniest moves I've ever heard of.
  If you don't let me open my business, I will open a porno theater and name it after you.
  So this idea is he didn't copyright it.
  Anybody can do this.
  If there's listeners who are trying to, yeah, restaurant, a cafe, a laundromat, anything.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just start start doing this for fun.
  I do wonder if the initial like scapegoating of this place of like this place going to be trouble was by a traveling boys band.
  Connard is salesman because it sounds very close to the set up of the music band where he's like, you have a pool hall.
  It's a real life music.
  They're playing the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
  Is that what you want your children?  You want them experimenting with ooze at home with their pets?  That's the only place this could lead.
  You want them to know martial arts and the art of being seen and not seen?  You're not going to be able to call them home for dinner.
  You can't even see them at plain sight.
  Now do that in a little bit more of a musical way.
  You're not going to be able to call them home for dinner.
  These kids are becoming lethal enforcers.
  They're trying to stage a revolution.
  They're living in the sewers.
  They're sleeping on the sewer floor.
  They're going to start a revolution X.
  They're not looking at their local youth group pastor.
  They're looking at an old rap band.
  Tell you we got trouble.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  I'm going to tell you what.
  Tell you we got trouble.
  Uh,  porno theater, not enough of a threat.
  Then he's like, all right.
  Here's what.
  I'm going to do that nice house that I have that I got from the Gershwins.
  Uh, I'm going to let the hell's angels live.
  Um,  so,  I'm going to let the hell's angels live.
  Um,  and then he's like,  Hey,  you're going to go to the porno theater.
  Residents are going to drop dead.
  Um,  so things are heating up and people are like,  why is this guy so.
  Nuts.
  And he says, well,  I'm look,  I'm just very determined why an example of this is when there was a burglar in  my home and I shot and killed him.
  Is.
  Is that a one to one.
  Is that a good example?  Of what it.
  Well,  William Seidon is,  is attempting to kill  my business.
  My entrepreneurship.
  Look,  I don't want to be severe,  but if you don't let me over the arcade,  I'm going to shoot and kill you.
  I'm going to run for city council.
  When for sure.
  And then for order of business,  clear my throat,  pour myself some water,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang,  bang Pennies.
  So this guy was just a.
  Trouble maker in general.
  In all of this, a guy said, I don't understand this man's persistence.
  He's worth 119 million dollars and he works 90 hours a week.
  You explain it.
  And then a reminder, Kay's family manufactures pinball machines.
  Jason, I everything you said at the beginning, I didn't know you were said that you were  doing the prologue.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  I don't know.
  I don't get it.
  How does he have all this money?  And he's just from a pinball machine family.
  Right.
  This was big money.
  So what I was saying was wrong.
  Well, there he is.
  There's Arnie.
  Was he eventually elected mayor?  Like, that'd be the fitting end of the story.
  Then governor.
  No, I will say, OK, here's here's the next few steps.
  Oh, he also in this article where he's doing a lot of threatening says, if the town does  me harm, I will do the town harm.
  And all this is enough for Arnie's place to victoriously open with this.
  Wow.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Many.
  Wow.
  Games as he wants.
  Mr.
 Mayor Alderman, I've killed before, I've killed again.
  Now onto my business today.
  My, my real concern with Arnie K and this is a memory is coming back to me of like a  regular carbon side arcades where you put a quarter in and the game wouldn't start.
  So then you find the put upon worker and they would like jam their finger on the coin and  sometimes use the key to open the machine and like toggle some stuff.
  And eventually they go like, all right here and then close it back up and just give you  a few quarters and walk away.
  You know, like, all right, it should be fine now.
  I feel like Arnie K maybe not as generous.
  I feel like I'd be scared to ask him to like, hey, can you open this directly?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Waggle it around.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But one of his business suit wearing employees.
  I don't remember who worked there.
  I assume they were mostly teenagers.
  Well, it said there were off duty cops working there as well.
  I don't remember.
  It is getting much more strip clubby.
  The more, the more details you find out.
  But I mean, I don't remember everyone looking like legs, you know, from fat Tony's.
  Any of this vibe that I'm discussing, does this ring true or was it like, was that in  the past now thing things were innocent as far as you knew at Arnie's place?  That was all before I was born.
  I was born a year after that.
  I didn't live in the area until like a few years after that.
  So that was Arnie's was just a business that was open, I believe, at that point.
  But it was like, you know, it had like patterned, like, I think it was like kind of space ish,  you know, that kind of like 80s, like futuristic looking kind of pattern carpet also.
  And it was just like, yeah, you know, it was just an arcade.
  I had no idea about the backstory.
  I think I think my dad must have found out about it like retroactively because obviously  he wasn't around either.
  But it was then again, it was in The New York Times.
  It seems like every week another discussion.
  So there's so many articles baffled by how much this was talked about.
  And and also, that's not the end.
  Every single business that he had, every sub business had other stuff like this.
  So just to close out that story, William Seidon, the almost but not named owner of the  pornography theater, lost his election.
  Arnie got his way, but Seidon lost.
  And then years later, when it was about to close circa 94, like you said, he the newspaper  asked him for comment and he said it was a good place and I will miss it.
  I made a mistake.
  He like, wow, he was the kiss the ring lately owned by Arnie.
  They didn't mention it in the article, but there was a red dot that appeared on the side of his.
  I have to go now.
  No more comments.
  Um, then then just like general memories that I saw on a message board about Arnie's place,  like, oh, yeah, lots of good times.
  I remember one time when Arnie just snapped and everyone with a leather jacket was permanently  banned and thrown out.
  He had the bat in his hand and everything.
  The bat?  Good time.
  The bat.
  Don't make me get the bat.
  Wow.
  He was like, sting the wrestler sting with this trademark bat.
  Wow.
  He was up in the, he was up in the rafters the whole time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Every now and then a spotlight.
  Come on Arnie.
  Then they had the whole thing where there was a fake Arnie also.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Too many Arnie's.
  Yeah.
  The decoy.
  He had Arnie a decoys like Saddam Hussein.
  Hey, are you 350 pounds in the Westport area?  Would you take a bullet for me?  Arnie's not here.
  Arnie's not here.
  His sons Uday and Kusay are running the Florida Hades.
  That's right.
  Man, the bat.
  Yeah, the bats.
  And what do you, to break down the story also, everyone with a leather jacket was banned?  Must have been like one kid with a leather jacket did something that annoyed him.
  Yeah.
  So that's it.
  You leather-otties.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You never said Arnie's again.
  Never said Arnie's again.
  Leather blazers caught on in the 90s.
  So did Arnie have to go like back in his office and think about banning that kid?  I come to think of it, I was a big leather jacket kid when I was seven.
  So my parents like, whoa, whoa, whoa, you can't go in there like that.
  I did not own any leather.
  I don't believe.
  You can wear this anywhere, but not there.
  Don't want to die.
  Hide it in the bushes outside.
  Not allowed to bring that in.
  Maybe Arnie just heard like the song, Leader of the Pack, and he got really upset.
  He was like, no more.
  All doo-wop based grievances.
  Jersey boy.
 He hated Jersey boys.
  The day, the day they opened the door to the Brill building, this country went downhill.
  All that popular music.
  He is a child.
  A child wearing a leather jacket.
 Yeah.
  Thank you, Jordan.
  Yeah, this kid.
 No, he's out of there.
  They were not alone.
 That kid's up to no good.
  Leather jackets banned.
  A snapping and unison banned.
  Definitely banned.
 Yeah, definitely banned.
  So then he opened a deli  and the and again, he ran a foul of the town.
  They're like, yeah, I wish that this time we'll impose some stuff on Arnie  and I'm sure it'll be fine.
  No, he did.
 He was denied a liquor license.
  So he just started giving it away.
  He's just giving away booze.
  He said, this is like this is the new Boston Tea Party.
  And then he like they were like, guy, there were like secret shoppers  coming in, like to see if like I've heard I've heard that.
  All right, we'll see if we can get some of the  we'll see if we can order some wine.
  But they gave themselves away because they came in and only ordered  two cans of clam stock at 1030 a.
m.
  I don't know.
  He's done it.
 He's done it.
  It seems fine to me.
  Your next CVS for dollars.
  You got to ask for a pound of Capacola, a pound of Provalo  and then the clam stock.
  And it's like, oh, you have any wine floating around?  You're throwing some wine.
  Free wine.
 You're going away for free.
  So there was that.
  And then the last this is the most inane lawsuit  ever that Arnie lost a 1991  lawsuit against Nabisco, then the owner of the trademark for a one sauce  because his deli was selling a sauce called a two sauce.
  Yeah, fuck it.
  Those A1 guys sitting up on their high horse.
  They think they're the only sauce in this country.
  I mean, he is he is.
  I mean, if he's really worth 100 million dollars and he's this  willing to like to go to like I looked up the case,  I went to summary judgments.
  That means it went all the way through discovery all the way through.
  We're getting deposed.
  They did probably trademark surveys to see like what the public  how famous a one is, you know, and who is associated with what all that kind of stuff.
  And so it's probably cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
  And he got his clock absolutely cleaned in the decision because, yeah, of course.
  And but somebody got paid a lot of money to work on that for probably  like a couple of years, like it's completely insane.
  Right.
 That he would not think like that.
  He has no case.
  Probably somebody told him right away, you are not going to win this like hell.
  I ain't we're going because his attitude was, you know, fuck them.
  You know, and it's like, well, Nabisco has a little bit more  of an ability to fight things and maybe inclination than, you know, a suburban town.
  That's just like, oh, God.
  OK, he has like he's willing to spend any money.
  All right.
 We're going to roll over here.
  You know, well, there is a of an obscure.
  Going to open the Nabisco porno theater.
  That's his big.
  And then he gets sued for trademark infringement again.
  Is that so? That's what would happen.
  We got a wall with a glory hole and the hole is in the hole of Nabisco.
  I looked up a two sauce and just got a lot of results for recipes  for homemade yum yum sauce.
  OK, you guys make it now.
  Yum yum sauce is that I'm disturbed by the phrase homemade yum yum sauce.
  That sounds like something you would hear in a buffet.
  Hell, yeah.
 Yum yum sauce.
  It's just hot sauce, cayenne mayonnaise, sugar, garlic.
  It's just like a spicy mayo.
  It seems that's one way to make.
  Yeah, I know.
 I know another.
  Hey, I got another idea for your sauce to.
  I'm probably not tasting good.
  I'm just a huckle.
  Final preparation step says put yum yum sauce on the glass.
  You could get kicked out of a concert for that.
  Yeah, I think even the even the parking lot.
  All right.
 Let's let's wind this guy down.
  We've this is I'm exhausted by the story of Arnie,  but so excited by it because, you know, we've been taught  there's been this phrase guys on the show lately.
  And I when Patrick, when you told me the vague  situation with Arnie and I started looking in like, I think we have  I think we have a local guy on our hands.
  It's hard to describe what guy is exactly.
  But I was thinking qualities of it are just like  it like endless wealth, endless determination  to make a really like limited dream happen.
  And that like you are it like fail.
  It fails a bunch.
  Wait, this is the phrase that you are your failure prone,  but also failure proof.
  Yes.
 Anybody who fails over and over again and yet just gets up  and does it again immediately.
 Right.
  And that's definitely Arnie.
  That's definitely Arnie.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Man.
  A two saws.
  That's that's really good.
  You can't sue me.
 It's you know, take two.
  What? It's way different.
  If I could direct.
  Yeah, you found a bottle.
  Found a bottle.
  Wow.
 Arnie would be so so proud.
  If I could direct the jury to the second numeral in the  I assume he represented himself.
  Oh, yeah, he would have to.
  Does this look like a one to you is the most bent up one I've ever seen.
  If that's the one.
  Um, I'm sorry.
 I think this case is not.
  Oh, then can I direct your attention to the bat?  He's got a bat.
  His trademark bat.
  My client is prepared to offer not to name a porno theater after your client.
  We will not budge on this.
  All right.
 Well, what a delight.
  Thank you for bringing us this this local flavor,  giving us something to cut loose on Patrick Monahan.
  Unless you if you cross us, you will be Patrick Monahan of the Patrick Monahan  pornography theater.
  But for now, we've had a good time with you.
  So we'll just say you survived by guess the ride.
  What a blast.
  Let's take it to the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  What a time to be alive.
  It's a let's see, it's the podcast that counts down the things each week  to make you say the thing that's the title of podcast.
  It's dumb news.
  Nothing too serious.
  It's me, Eli Yudin, Kath Barbador, all comedians.
  And that's the main thing.
  And I don't know.
 I'm like Patty Moe on the social stuff, I guess.
  So that's about it.
 Fantastic.
  Yes.
 And you're super funny on there.
  And so super funny with us.
  We appreciate having you here.
  And and as for us,  thanks to Jordan Katz for producing this one and giving us some great visual aid.
  Thank you.
 You want to see the video of this episode?  Head to the Forever Dog YouTube channel.
  You can find us on the socials at podcast, the right for three bonus  episodes every month.
  Check out podcast, the ride, the second gate where Patrick, you'll be happy here.
  There is an episode coming up that's in the can  that does involve Mr.
 Belvedere sitting on his own balls.
  The great tale will be told.
  But only behind the the second gate,  which you can find at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  Well, what a delight.
  And I also, by the way, on the fly, I cut, you know,  have a little music to go out on.
  Jordan, there's one more thing I want to say about Arnie's place  is that apparently it was a great place to play the game Journey.
  You guys know the game Journey?  I don't.
 I can't say.
  And when I say Journey, it is the Journey that you might be thinking of.
  Really? There is a game.
  I think the home game was called Journey, the Escape.
  But the other one is just Journey, the arcade game.
  You know, just screw it.
  Let's just play.
 What video do you got?  Data Age presents the world's first rock video game Journey Escape.
  The concert's over.
  Now you must help each member of Journey escape to mobs.
  Each member.
 Shifty eyed promoters.
  Neil and Steve.
  Find your roadies and manager and run for the escape vehicle  and live to rock another day.
  Journey Escape for the Atari 2600 from Data Age.
  Yeah, Journey, the video game, which, yeah, apparently you could play  at Arnie's and a lot of places and people did pride themselves  in having high scores in that game, which you would, of course, get  by playing as each member.
 And I mean all of them.
  So, yes, really, you can be Neil Sean.
  You have to retrieve Neil Sean's guitar.
  And then once you do, you can shoot energy bullets, of course,  or you can play as Jonathan Cronin.
  You can play as the guy who's playing the guitar.
  Or you can play as Jonathan Kane, where you descend a series of ramps  while jumping over moving hurdles to reach Kane's keyboard.
  Then shoot lines of it.
 The whole thing, it actually becomes that  you're playing a concert in space and you have to watch out for alien groupoids.
  Oh, wow.
 Really? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's what would happen if you were Journey in space.
  But that all with that exciting commercial having just been played.
  And we'll let this music play us out in this clip from the game.
  So that's how they dressed up the game on TV.
  Then you go play it in an arcade and this is what you get.
  Here's some sweet sounds and thanks for listening, everybody.
  And watching on forever, dog.
  Steve is going to get his microphone and stand up.
  He got it.
 That sound was him getting it.
  Now he's about to die.
  Oh, my God, Steve Perry has been compromised to a permanent end.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
