 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain hot takes, hot button grass, and hot ducks.
  The boys careen to wild trackless paths, but try not to fully derail from Mickey and Minnie's  runaway railway.
  Nothing can stop us now, it's Podcast The Rock.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast about rides that has finally run out of ice shows  egos and has no choice but to cover a ride.
  I'm Scott Gardner begrudgingly accepting the situation.
  Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Hey, I'm here.
  Yeah, we'll do it.
  We'll get through it.
  You know, at this point we just need Bono to think of a new character.
  And he's busy sitting at the State of the Union and he's not in his writing lab coming  up with new character names.
  Look at as soon as Sam Smith did his little devil routine on the Grammys, the first thing  I thought of was my man, Mr.
 McFisto.
  So I thought maybe we should do an immediate new episode about him again.
  That was the perfect in because everybody I mean, I hate if I feel stupid talking about  your Ben Shapiro's of the world because like it's very performative.
  Oh, this is bad.
  And you have a month's a gin by Elon Musk tweets.
  This feels like the end of days.
  And you're like, this is the corniest little devil routine I've ever seen.
  This is hot stuff.
  The little devil.
  I didn't watch Jason.
  Jason Sheridan are hot stuff.
  The little devil.
  Thank you so much.
  Thank you.
  Show me the proper respect that it.
  Yeah, it was like a million pop star rock star performance.
  They're just like a naughty.
  Wasn't there just a devil thing?  We had this conversation exactly.
  But replace the same.
  That's why I feel silly for like playing into like making fun of the conservative media  for being mad about it, because I'm like, I think they're pretending to.
  I think it's all fake.
  It's all kayfabe.
  Plus, you know, our friend Denzel told us that the devil comes along when you least.
  What did he tell you?  Smith?  We are really sure.
  No, just moment.
  Yeah.
  Your biggest.
  Oh, I remember now.
  OK.
  Yes, that's that applies to the Grammys.
  I think the devil.
  That's what's all of us.
  When we all have had proud moments like putting out an episode about Bono's devil alter ego,  that's when the devil comes for you.
  A different devil as played by Sam Smith has played by Sam Smith.
  But Bonnie Raitt, watch out.
  The devil's lurking.
  She's not safe backstage.
  But, you know, that's really all I have to say.
  I just thought of our guy, Mr.
 McPhisto, when all this controversy in quotes happened.
  Where was George Bush about George Bush wasn't sounding the alarms about Mr.
 McPhisto?  And right back in the Europa era.
  And Mr.
 McPhisto was at the State of the Union as well.
  I mean, as alter ego.
  I was saying, yeah, no, Bono's there.
  So right, right.
  So so this is very topical, very topical.
  But I guess we should talk about a theme park ride.
  A new big ride that's out that's that's very current.
  The guy we don't do that.
  This almost never happens.
  Change is hard.
  Change is hard.
  I kept finding myself in uncomfortable territory where I was writing down like, I like this.
  This is good.
  Yeah.
  Well, this is the that's the devil that's coming for us, maybe.
  Sure.
  Is that when we when we do the assignment of the show that we gave ourselves years ago  and we just talk about rides, sometimes when it's a ride that you like,  then you just say, I like the ride.
  And then what?  And that's kind of how I feel about Mickey Minnie's Runaway Railway.
  I mean, I have stuff that I'd like to talk about.
  Yeah.
  But, you know, it's fun when you got a big, big sack of snark  to start whipping around to toss onto the table.
  But my sack is empty.
  Well, sure.
  Snark free.
  I'll have plenty to complain about, though, when we hit Super Nintendo World,  because it seems like there's very little Mr.
  Game and Watch representation.
  What's that?  Mr.
 Game and Mr.
  Game and Watch is a little stick figure man  from very early, I think, handheld pre Nintendo entertainment system.
  He's cute.
  He's cute.
 Mr.
 Game and Watch is very cute.
  Eventually they would put them all together and release them on.
  I think it was for Game Boy Pocket.
  I don't I don't want to start giving Jordan assignments.
  This is a video episode and we're with Jordan Katz, our producer.
  But if we could see Mr.
  Game and Watch, I have him on my laptop, but for the viewer.
  And you can watch this on the forever dog YouTube.
  Yeah.
 But we I don't I'm looking at him right now.
  And maybe we'll throw him up on the big screen.
  But the there's not enough of him to be cute.
  There's not like he is just a body.
  You know what I mean? Oh, oh.
  Well, you know what?  When I played the I've never actually played the game and watch, but I played it.
  I forget which Smash Brothers came out.
  I think he's there's enough of him there to be cute.
  Yeah, he's just he's featureless.
  It's hard to be cute.
  Well, he shows up in a super Smash Brothers, like Mike said.
  So we that's the first time I played, played with him or played as him.
  He does have a move set.
  You know, he's got a full like, oh, yeah, Mr.
  Game and Watch is a killer.
 Yeah, he'll kill you.
  Yeah, you're going to be cute and a killer.
  Yeah, sure.
 Oh, my gosh.
  You got to be watching out for the kids who are like,  I want to play as Mr.
 Game and Watch.
  It's like, OK, well, I have him unlocked.
  Oh, that's like that's like the demented choice a little bit.
  Maybe.
 I don't know.
  Well, my character's Captain Falcon, so I don't know if I'm much better.
  So, oh, so you're not even a Game and Watch guy when you're playing Smash.
  No, I didn't say I was.
  OK, but you're you're upset that you want to at least see him in the land.
  I like seeing.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I know there's little Easter eggs and I've tried to get the basics.
  So I know what to do when I go.
  But I'm trying not to spoil too much for myself.
  And well, that's another topical theme park thing that perhaps we might talk about soon.
  What a time.
 There's things happening.
  There's things opening big relevant riots.
  Maybe so.
 So far, we've been pretty lucky making it to these.
  Now, Runaway Railway has been open since March 4th, 2020 at Disney's Hollywood  Studios.
 Yikes.
 Unfortunate.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I didn't realize it was that close.
  So a couple of people got to do it and then much more year later.
  But but it is brand new here in Disneyland.
  It's only been open for a couple of weeks.
  And Jason hasn't been down to see it there, but I have done it recently.
  And Mike has done it just this week.
  A couple of days.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Two days ago, I did it.
  Daddy went back to Disneyland.
 Yeah.
  I'm talking about myself.
  I'm talking about myself as daddy and purely from a parental place, not any sort of sex thing.
  Daddy went back to Disneyland alone.
  Yes.
 Well, that's your way, as it should be.
  As is his way.
 Daddy went alone.
  Bring a laptop this time.
 Do any work?  No.
 And thank God, because daddy was tired that day and he had a big meal by the pool  at the Grand Californian and a cocktail and his eyes started twitching.
  Oh, and he has yet to recover from the energy.
  He's so tired.
 It was a couple.
  It was a string of bad baby sleep.
  OK, nights.
 Yeah.
  So and then so this is what happened.
  I they have the whole virtual queue.
  You have to get up at 7 a.
m.
 to get your spot in line.
  This this only never happens to me.
  I had the alarm set.
  I hit snooze on the alarm out of just sheer like panic.
  What is that stupid noise?  Turned it off.
 Missed the virtual queue at 7 a.
m.
  Wow.
 Michael.
  I woke up at 715 and I was like flabbergasted.
  I had no like you do not.
  How could this have happened?  You didn't check.
  Not only do you do a bad job checking, there was no check.
  Yes, I could not believe what had happened because I don't even really have a memory  of turning the phone off.
  It's how tired I was.
  I just literally like reached over, hit snooze on it,  and then it rang again eight or 10 whatever minutes later.
  And I got completely missed the window.
  Ring rust on checking.
  I you take that back first of all.
  That is not true.
  He's so high on the CVS thing that he's got two dollars  more of a deal than you every week.
  I know he's coming in.
 He's swinging at you.
  Clock's ticking.
  OK, Wednesday is soon going to become Thursday.
  So I know every week.
  Very the coupon fairy visits us all tonight.
  And Jason will get a four dollar coupon.
  I will get a two dollar coupon.
  I'm waiting for it to just drop out entirely with no warning.
  I'm also considering checking out that Mark Cuban has like a very cheap  mail order pharmacy company now.
  What Mark Cuban has a pharmacy mail order pharmacy that's just generics.
  And it's like pennies on the dollar for like the most common generic.
  Sounds good.
  But that also seems like the kind of thing you would hate,  like a billionaire doing a new thing.
  I don't love that, but I do love a deal.
  I know this is where this is what it's a billionaires often want to give you  is a deal.
  So you have this fighting in your head.
  You have these Smash Brothers smashing in your head all the time.
  It's even cheaper that like Walmart has a lot of like generics  that are like really, really cheap.
  And they.
  But then I have to drive over this with just what?  What? Wait, sorry.
  I would have to turn that way.
  I was going, I thought you're going.
  But then I have to support the Walton family and their exploitation of the workers.
  Yeah.
  Mom and pops disappear.
  They're not great, but I got to drive.
  I got to drive an extra drive to the like kind of inconvenient Walmart  versus it just shows up when the mailman.
  No, it's not.
  But versus they just shows up in the mail.
  Well, sure, that's more convenient.
  But I love the Empire Center, which is where the Walmart.
  Oh, I do love the Empire Center, which is where Walmart is.
  Yeah, but I'm more of a target guy.
  Well, but that's not what you said.
  And that's that's the driver center.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Much easier parking side of the parking lot to navigate.
  Well, I drive in the back of the Walmart.
  I do a little parking.
 I know about the back of the buildings.
 Yeah.
  And if you go, if you're going to Staples for any reason,  then you can drive around the whole back of the shopping center.
  Yeah.
 Get around the Best Buy and then drive.
  So you know all this.
 Oh, I know.
  Because I used to walk.
  It used to walk it.
  I walked it, worked at the office building.
  And so I will walk behind all the businesses and walk back.
  Was like a mile.
 Right.
  This is when I visited you at work one day and I wanted to go to hometown  buffet and you said, I'm not spending eight dollars for lunch.
  I yeah.
 Yes.
  There's a Jason quote.
  I think I've told that story in the podcast, but maybe years ago.
  Well, that's a bad five timers welcome anytime.
  You're always you're always a I'm up for a seventh time.
  There was no way, though, you were spending anything less than six dollars.
  It wasn't like we were going to have like dollar hot dog somewhere.
  Well, also, I don't know that buffet.
  Like, I don't know.
 Is the food that good?  No, but it's funny if we did.
  Oh, OK.
  You saw like a point.
  Yes, I don't know that the food is.
  No, it's usually bad, but you can.
  There's an icy machine usually at those hometown buffets  and you can get unlimited icy.
  Now, that's a deal.
  Jason, you could have gotten like a big, I don't know, gallon jug of icy.
  I like like half a cup of ice.
  Well, yeah, that's fair.
  Yeah.
 But I'm saying you could have like taken it home and put in the freezer.
  True.
 They love giving to go options.
  I know that Jason likes to save desserts and have them after the fact,  but the saved ice is the grimace thing I've ever heard.
  It doesn't like like only like the most like you.
  You need to be like at at death's door.
  And like all of your retirement has run out.
  Every cent counts.
  So, yeah.
 So where someone would say like, oh, I get the very big icy  and I drink half and I save the rest for the next morning.
  You'd be like, I don't know if you look to make you happy.
  Grandma.
 Yeah.
  Some days, some days you got to leave yourself a little treat  to get out of bed next morning, especially working one of those cubicle jobs.
  You know, like you do an email job.
  Yeah, I've got my cubicle, a.
k.
a.
 my research fort.
  The railway, railway.
  No, no, I love my research.
  It is different.
  It is very gloomy.
  There are a lot of layoffs.
  You were in the basement.
 You were in the basement, right?  No, no, that office building was brand new.
  Oh, I thought you worked in the basement for some reason.
  No, I did not work there.
  I worked in the vault for a few years.
  Maybe you said vault and I imagine vault is in the basement.
  No, they just just massive tape faults like the rooms were full of massive  listeners.
 When you hear vault, do you think basement?  I guess not necessarily doesn't have to be.
  It makes sense.
 I can see why you pictured it.
  But no, I don't think it's required to be.
  Oh, yeah.
 Banks are mostly ground level.
 Right.
  Vaults, I would think.
  Well, here we're still we're doing a great job of  keeping this podcast about extraneous bullshit.
  Yeah, even in the face of the challenge of talking about a big ride  that people are excited.
 That's right.
  How mainly how was it to be bad?  I know you were tired.
  Did you still manage to have some fun?  Yeah, it's great.
 I mean, I went on like a couple things.
  I sat.
 Yeah, you chill out.
  You have some food.
  It was yeah, it was good to be back.
  The crowds are just as bad as ever.
  It's not like there's no difference.
  Yeah.
 But yeah, you know, I did Guardians  Toontown, which is a place I don't even go very, you know,  you don't usually go into Toontown.
  I mean, I would skip it entirely.
  It's kind of an inconvenient corner of the park.
  It was good.
 I like, you know, there was some snow.
  We'll talk about the grass maybe now or I don't do we hold that?  I I've got the big bold word grass.
  Yeah, we have to talk about the grass.
 Yes.
  You you bolded grass.
  I bolded March 4th, 2020, because it's such a  it if it was a little if it had been a month or two earlier,  that still would have not been great.
  But it was just so extremely close.
  That's the way I didn't realize.
 Yeah, I did.
  For a joyous ride, the most like fun, silly celebration ride.
  And then sorry, pandemic shut you down.
  Yeah.
 Sun can't smile anymore.
  You were saying, though, going to the grass.
  I completely forgot they put the code on Jessica Rapids.
  I forgot about the code.
  You forget about the I forgot about the code, too.
  I yeah.
 Yeah.
  This ride, the ride's not open.
  You can't see the code right now, can you? Right.
  And you always the right.
  I didn't go on the ride, but I was just going through stuff to prepare for today.
  And then it was some stuff about the Roger Rabbit.
  I forgot about the coat.
  They just go rabbit no longer femme fatale now disgusting peeper  in the bushes with their trench coat, like a peeping tom.
  So they put if you don't, I mean, we've talked about it before.
  They put a trench coat on Jessica Rabbit to cover her up,  which they fixed sexism with that move.
  Finally, we've all known that Jessica Rabbit was the source.
  Might have been well intentioned, but I think it's a  it's a weird puritanical move to  and also very lady.
  Yes, extremely.
 And you're on board with that.
  But well, yeah, the reason they did it is because I went to City Hall every week  and complained that this woman is where her ample bosom is exposed.
  But that doesn't mean you wanted a full.
  You know, a head to toe trench coat.
  You just wanted like a yes, like a turtleneck.
  Well, a turtleneck or a nun's habit, anything just to help  help the problem along.
  So French co ridiculous.
  No, this character, Jessica Rabbit, is a character with no agency.
  She needs to work for a detective agency.
  This has fixed the agency issue.
  I don't know what it like.
  What are they saying about if she's wearing a sparkly dress?  I would have fixed the Native American representation on Peter Pan  before I would have covered up Jessica Rabbit.
  That sure that seems like I don't know.
  By fixing, you mean just like taking a hammer to the entire sequence  and throwing it in the garbage.
 Well, sure.
 Yeah.
  Sure.
 An easy fix.
  You want to put them all in trench coats.
  We've got it up on.
  We've got it up on the screen.
  And oh, yeah, the cartoon version of it.
 Yeah.
  Why? What's this for?  Does this do? I'm not sure.
  Again, maybe well intentioned, but  Jessica Rabbit's like a fully fleshed out character  who does stuff in the movie and has a fun personality.
  And there's no shirt collar.
  So it does look like she's wearing a trench coat with nothing else.
  So she's a flash.
  That is true.
 Yeah.
  Get that evening gown out of there.
  Put her in just a trench coat and give her a hat.
  So anyway, I don't know.
  Maybe the good again, good intentions, but it's a bit silly.
  When I was when I was refreshing myself on ToonTown in general  is when I came up on this.
 Oh, my God.
  I haven't seen this picture.
  It's like she's in in a yellow like Tracy.
  Well, she's in like, yeah, Dick Tracy or like, I guess French Stewart  in the Inspector Gadget movie is not in a yellow coat.
  He's in the traditional.
  I know what you mean, though.
  It feels more like French Stewart, Inspector Gadget than Matthew  Broderick, Inspector.
 Yeah, I don't know why that is.
  But because I've never seen it straight to video trench coat.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So so eyes.
  This is not this is a weird looking animatronic, too.
  Yeah.
 So don't know about this.
  So that's a recent change to ToonTown.
  Yeah.
 So I was just refreshing myself on ToonTown and like,  because a lot of it's still closed and they're like the  the left side of ToonTown is closed, basically.
  Yes, there is this greater revamp occurring.
  And I remember thinking, wait, this ride opens in January,  but ToonTown doesn't open till March.
  That's strange.
 How's that going to work?  This has happened before.
  This is what it was like in Tomorrowland  while most of the land was down, but they just kept like a long,  weird walkway entirely boarded up all the way to Space Mountain.
  So you get real claustrophobic.
  And it's not like that.
  It's you know, it's it's pleasant over there.
  They've just they've opened like 30 percent of ToonTown,  the 30 percent that contains this new ride.
  Yeah.
 So it felt I will say ToonTown felt even though it was mostly closed.
  It felt alive in a way.
 Yeah.
  I don't because the music is very now similar to the ride.
  So that's kind of piped in and that kind of gives it a different vibe.
  And the grass, I guess we could talk about the grass now.
  How about the grass? The grass is good.
  Yeah.
 Well, let me hear it.
  Let me explain.
 You go ahead.
  Let me weave the grass narrative.
  So this this broader renovation of ToonTown that's happening,  a lot of it is taking what was kind of concrete areas.
  And, you know, they had statues and in this case, it was like a  it was a Roger Rabbit Fountain in a concrete area.
  And they're fixing that there was this trolley that hasn't run for a long time.
  The Jolly Trolley.
  We're going to take those tracks out and put in more green spaces  for families to run around and kids to run around.
  That sounded nice to me.
 That seemed fine.
 Yeah.
  Then we saw we got our first look at the grass,  at any of this grass.
  And Jordan, if you have a photo just called the grass.
  Perfect.
 Thank you.
  This is one of the views that that we saw before going there in person.
  And let's be honest, in the concept art, which I should have brought,  but in the concept art, it looks like these rolling hills  that are full of of magic that kids would tumble down.
  And what opened is like we're looking at like two  cartoon street lamps that don't match the grass.
  Then a real tree, not a cartoon tree.
  And then what I mean, a lot of people said it online.
  And Erin said it when I showed this to her that it just it looks like  at the airport where dogs go to the bathroom.
  It absolutely.
 Yeah.
  They're a giant version of just the big fake grass.
  It is very fakie grass.
  And there was a very, very unflattering before and after  where before was a whimsical Roger Rabbit fountain.
  And then what we get is this big, you know, or not even that big.
  It's like it seems like a modest, like, you know,  a slightly bigger than average backyards worth of fake grass.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Can I ask a thing about the grass?  Yeah.
 Is it it's for sure.
  Astro turf.
 You were there.
  Now we both stood on the grass.
 Yeah, it is.
  It is fake.
 Yeah.
  So I heard one of the defenses of it,  which not quite sure why anyone was bothering with that.
  But one of the defenses were like, oh, parents, you know, kids  very for them to run around and parent people to sit down.
  And it's just like the more I thought about that position,  the more I was thinking, well, like, yeah, right.
  Yeah, it's like rolling meadows.
  This looks like pure, pure magic.
  Just like, yeah, a childhood destination of your dreams.
  And then look at look at look in the lower right corner.
  Like big, huge, huge, huge trees providing so much shade.
  Yeah.
 And it looks like there's some sort of like what is it?  What are those multicolored things?  Jason might not have a view of this.
  You see what like those little tents or something to play.
  I know mailbox.
 Yeah.
  It looks like something to play with.
  And there's a rolling hill.
  There's like a rolling kind of hill.
  There's definitely elevation.
  Yeah.
 On the hill.
  Elevation.
 Elevation.
  Yes.
 And then you cut back to just the flattest.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Jason, you were saying.
  Well, a couple of things sprung to mind the more I thought about it.
  One, AstroTurf occasionally heats up in this,  I guess, a little hot and plastic in the sun.
  Two, let's say everyone's  hanging out and popping a squat, you know, to getting comfy.
  Just getting comfy on the ground.
  The stitch came out of it.
  I just like I.
  Like at the end of the day, it's AstroTurf  so they can take a bunch of garden hoses and hose it because it's going to get  filled with weird little chunks of food and dirt.
  And you're saying it's going to get dirtier.
  It's going to get nasty.
 Oh, it's going to get so nasty.
  I mean, grass people would have just been like just grabbing chunks of it.
  I feel like I'm taking this home.
  I'm going to sell this on eBay.
  Real Disneyland grass.
  There's a reason there's a fence of behind all this.
  You know what I'm saying? What do you mean?  What? What is that?  What is the reason? What's the reason?  If that guardrail was not there, people would just climb over  and just fuck around on the other side.
  Well, they can't really come to the other side.
  There's not really much on the other.
  Why does the rail help?  So people aren't climbing over it.
  I'm talking liability.
  There needs to be a rail.
  That's not new, though, is it?  Yeah, that was there before.
 No.
  And that's fine.
  But I'm saying like actual plant life, like if people would just go  and climb those hills by whatever is back there, I think people would.
  Like people would climb that children would.
  But again, the rail is not new.
  The rail was always hung up on the rail.
  And I'm curious what you brought up.
  What is your point? Why am I hung up on the rail?  Oh, I'm just saying like real plant life could get destroyed by people  tramps saying over it all day long.
  Sure.
 In the same way, like, OK, that railing is very clear.
  Like, do not go further than this.
  Do that railing that has been there for 30 years.
 Yes.
  But more before even besides that, the bigger thing,  there are two of the saddest benches I have ever seen.
  I feel like they don't match.
  They don't match.
  I don't quite understand why that is not all bench.
  Yeah.
 To go back real quick.
  Were you saying they're damned if they do damned if they don't in regards to  it's going to be bad if it's AstroTurf, it's going to be bad if it's real plant life?  Yeah.
 I mean, I think that yeah, I think that's a consideration.
  I don't think I don't know that it's I'm saying it should have been grass.
  I mean, and I probably wouldn't have thought about this at all.
  If not for the previous concept art where they're showing like  massive amounts of green space, you know.
  Well, let me get into why this is all come up.
  And if you follow us on Twitter, you may have seen this and that.
  OK, so, you know, we've recently been noting that some of  Universal's announcements and innovations have been more exciting.
  Yeah.
 And more ambitious than Disney's recent news and announcements.
  So I tweeted the joke.
  Hey, let's look at Disney and Universal's new themed lands.
  And side by side, I put Super Nintendo World and the grass  and our audience, you listeners who we love, got the joke,  liked the joke, most importantly, moved on from the joke.
  I imagine all of you going like, uh, kept going.
  Then I leave the computer for a while and I come back to a lot more alerts than usual.
  And I discovered that we are in mid cancellation by Twitter.
  And every don't say that Twitter don't give people the satisfaction.
  What do you mean? Why not?  I think that's absolutely what it is, because I don't consider our listeners.
  Diz Twitter, I get this type of person.
  This is Diz Twitter.
  My friend, that's where all if you're like, I'll show you what is using it as in a bad way.
  Yes.
 Yeah, no, I get it.
  I just like, oh, I don't want to.
  I don't forgot.
 I forget about that phrase.
  And then I see it.
 I'm like, guys, we must remember the phrase so that we're different,  so that we're better, so that we rise above this Twitter.
  Sorry.
 I spend plenty of time online researching the parks,  but I spend most of my time in General Mills Twitter.
  OK, Jen Mill, twin, you know,  just looking for boo berry hot takes.
  No.
 So like suddenly all these replies, always from people who do not fall.
  Who have never interacted with us before.
  And just to cherry pick a few.
  It's all it's bad take.
  Bizarre take.
 This post is so lazy.
  This is lazy.
  Well, you're right.
  But that's when you have an observation and you write it down.
  Yeah, it doesn't take a lot of work.
  You know, this is not if actually this is not a fair comparison.
  Actually, what you've done is picked the worst view.
  And if you turn your camera around, what you will see is that I didn't take the picture.
  I can't turn my camera around.
  I saw a photo of grass and it looks like boring grass.
  And then a lot of people and then like, you know, it's it's not a new land.
  It's a rethemed land.
  And honestly, open park grass is so rare in a theme park that I welcome.
  Rare, apparently still rare.
  A disaster.
 If you turn the camera around, you would have just seen  a particle work construction walls like that's what you say.
  You turn the camera.
  What does that look? I don't know.
  Any view of this grass should be like, of course,  when you choose the view of the grass, that's the bad view.
  But if you use the good view, it will be a good view.
  What do you mean? I haven't been in the grass.
  I saw one photo of the grass like this.
  Oh, this is the enemy.
  What Jordan has brought up is a little Twitter bird with mouse ears.
  And this is the this is the problem.
  Well, well, well, it seems like times like this, we'd all be much better off  with unannounced tweet limits of like you sent two tweets today.
  Slow down.
 Yeah, I tried to make a joke today.
  And then it was like, you have reached your tweet limit for the day.
  What is a tweet?  Have I tweeted anything today?  I think we treated three things as far as I knew there was not a limit  that was three.
 Yeah.
  But then actually then what you have to do is just schedule a tweet  one minute in advance.
 And that's fine.
  You can do that forever.
  But when the world what is happening to Twitter?  But anyway, and here's what it built up to.
  And this wasn't oh, wait, actually one more that I like.
  Yeah.
 You know, Toontown is notorious for being a concrete jungle.
  And where dreams are made of notorious.
  Concrete where dreams are made of.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Which isn't that that's a beautiful thing.
  A concrete jungle is a nice thing.
  Like New York City or Buena Park.
 That's right.
  That's horny.
 I mean, it's like, you know, you pretty much you got San Quentin  and you got to town, like in terms of just like just yard.
  Yeah.
 You know, children have been afraid of getting curb stomped  in Toontown for many years.
  And finally, they've made it impossible.
  And I for one, welcome the great  the rise of film noir in America.
  You know, it's it's movies like The Naked City or The Stranger.
  And then it ends with Toontown 1994's Disney's Toontown.
  Anyway, what it what it then builds to and, Jason, you were you kind of alluded  to this is that like and this wasn't a response to us.
  This is a response to other people who posted  a very almost no comment with just pictures of the grass.
  Childless dorks will never understand the benefit  to parents of the simple pleasures in a busy place of a plot of grass,  just a place where a child can roam free and just be just be themselves.
  Like how are we?  It's because we've become Walt Whitman  about the plot of fake  about a putting green that has been open for less than 24 hours.
  Just a simple place.
  Three hundred feet of a putting green.
  Is this not what makes America great?  I think of Yosemite and I think of what  grand Tetons the and this plot of grass.
  This is what our country is made of.
  Which will thinking to have like, well, the reality is going to be  it's going to be filled with, you know, crushed cheese crackers  and the smell of soil diapers within one hour of the land opening.
  That is what the garden hose allotment in the budget is for.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You should add.
 I but when I hear this, the childless dorks  will not understand grass.
  I have a child.
 I was a childless dork.
  Oh, yeah, that's how we got into this podcast.
  But I have a child and I have been to one, if not two, if not three parks  every day for the last two and a half years.
  You know, parks like real places with grass that are beautiful,  that are made organically and that have like built up nature and culture  over the years that are like genuine places with lots of space  for kids to run around and, you know, things to do.
  Like last night, check kids like swings and slides.
  Yeah, you know, stuff like that.
  That's what the one thing kids like is stuff.
  And when I'm looking at this plot of grass,  I don't know that it has a lot of stuff.
  There's not a lot of stuff.
 Yes.
  So this is just I what what I have.
  If you don't agree with the joke, that's one thing.
  But now that you're now you are telling me that I don't understand grass.
  The concept of grass.
 You don't.
  I guess you don't.
 I guess you're just Mr.
 Big City.
  Do you do you remember what this is?  Are we so cynical?  This is called a blade and all of life comes from this.
  Don't you see?  But where are the country mice to go?  They were already run out when the orange groves were taken away.
  This is all we have now.
  It's a tribute to Anaheim's past.
  Anyway, with all this, I needed to check out the grass for myself.
  I have a picture of myself on the grass.
  I there I'm trying to figure it out.
  I'm getting my head around the grass.
  What happens is then my son is let loose on the grass, runs around playing happy.
  I pick him up.
 We start doing like our favorite game,  like exactly the kind of like spin around games that we love.
  He loves the grass.
  It's the happiest he's been all morning.
  Aaron loves the grass.
  We turn to each other when we both say, oh, all right, the grass is good.
  Yeah.
 After all that.
  OK, the grass is good.
  Maybe the grass is good.
  Mike, you felt similar?  Well, I said, oh, this is this is my son squishing my face on the grass.
  Well, his personality was coming out.
  He really was like wound up.
  He was so happy on the grass.
  I came into the land and I immediately looked over and there were just children  just running back and forth.
  The hills, the lack of hills were alive  with the sound of children laughing and parents were sitting.
  They were watching the children.
  Children's are.
 It didn't look as bad.
  Yeah.
 No, I have to admit that, too.
  It photographed badly.
  It's nonsense about like, but it's the bad view of the grass.
  That's bullshit.
  It's there's no it just looks kind of weird in a lot of pictures.
  In a lot of.
 Yeah.
  When you're there now, I see you got to seeing the fun.
  Obviously, they could have done a better job with it.
  This is what? Yes.
  No one knows.
 The children would not be upset if it was like a little landscape till.
  Yeah.
 And it's Disney.
  Yes.
 But when I went over there, the grass was a big hit with a lot of people.
  I have to admit, I just I wanted to do the buildup with the monologue.
  I wanted to get the rant out of my system.
  I still feel everything I felt in the rant.
 Sure.
  Here's my ruling.
  Grass good.
  Diz Twitter bad.
  OK, that's well, and let's see what happens when you add a few more dozen  people hanging out on that grass.
  You know, with the better.
  It's going to turn into Ultima.
  It's going to turn into a lot.
  Look, Disney's been saying for a long time, they need to be anti grass.
  We need to let children run in the theme parks a little more.
  We children love running by the concrete.
  There's more.
  The more as long as the green space opens on the other side.
  I it's just if that green space should be better, it should not be big.
  Putting green cannot be another big putting green, because I think it will make  the whole whole of Toon Town seem bad, because this is just a little chunk  when you come in on the right.
  So when you look over, you're not really seeing that it's Astro Turf.
  You're just seeing people sitting and playing and you still see Roger Rabin.
  You still see the all the stuff.
  So yes, the cannot be putting green on the left.
  So we'll see.
  Eyes are on the next batch of grass.
  The next batch of grass is where we will really make the grass determination.
  Yeah, we will do a new Toon Town episode, I think, when it's open.
  Make the determination.
  I don't have a pass.
  I mean, do I have to get a pass just to see the grass?  You do.
 A lot of them have already sold out again.
  I know I tried to read.
  I had a one day pass and I tried to renew and it said, would you like the inspire?  And I thought that's the one I had.
 Right.
  The cheap one.
 No, I had.
  Imagine inspire is extremely expensive.
  The expensive one.
  I am glad I didn't just like squint at a word that starts with an I and ends  with an E and buy.
 Yeah.
  And then when I saw like it's only one hundred  and forty dollars a month after the down payment.
  Oh, you could buy a lot of grass seed for that money.
  We can plant this magical grass.
  That is suddenly so important.
  And these, you know what it is mainly is this word take  because and this is where listeners I love you because you knew it was a joke.
  And then this Twitter is like, actually, joke is not a thing.
  There are takes and that is what everything is is take.
  So make it your facts straight because you wrote a take.
  It was a lazy take.
  I know people were.
  I tweeted there was a pic.
  I was watching the Indiana Jones trailer and there's a picture where Harrison  Ford's on a on a horse and it's not him because the horse is going nuts.
  And it's a CGI Harrison Ford.
  And I was just watching it.
  And one of the like screens popped out of me is it's funny  because his head looked tiny because it's been superimposed on this body.
  And I post a photo of it with a joke or whatever.
  I and somebody's like, what, you want an 80 year old man to be riding a horse?  Yeah.
 And I was like, yes.
  And I want him to get hurt again.
  Like I want Harrison's for I want Harrison Ford's bones cracking.
  That's what I want.
 That's what you Taskmaster Mike demand.
  Somebody was like, nerds should never have had a pause feature or something.
  And I was like, what?  I don't what are you talking about?  And someone's like the siege like blah, blah, blah.
  CGI is fine if you don't like nitpick it or something.
  And I was like, I don't care.
  I thought it was funny.
 I actually was a big missing point.
  I know that it sounds like I care about the grass  because I just yelled about the grass for 10 minutes.
  But I was hopefully in the interest of being funny.
  This is what the take of the joke people miss.
  Yeah, they think that you have initiated a debate.
  Yeah, I know this goes one way.
  You know how in a comedy club, you have a microphone and you talk  that we know are not standups.
  Not yet.
 We're getting there.
  We're building up to it.
  You know, working on being truth tellers and then we'll get to that level.
  Well, I think we could get on club random with that.
  Just go have it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So, oh, my God, that Harrison Ford is just to pick that apart also.
  Yeah, that person has come out.
  Their take is anti pause button.
  They I what my I think they should have never.
  The pause button is the worst.
  Some people say there never should have been an Internet.
  How it's divided us.
  I say it's the pause button.
  I VHS is shouldn't have had them.
  They shouldn't have them on film sets that those two little lines  or the or the death of culture can pick apart.
  Yes, CGI now, which is bad.
  And then some people there was like making a point about CGI.
  And I'm like, I don't know.
  Oh, there it is.
  There it is.
 Oh, I said it.
  I was I was trying to make sure that it was the right thing.
  But no, it is five likes on that.
 Who are these five likes?  They don't listen to podcasts.
  They're right.
 I guarantee it was funny.
  His head was small.
  It just looked funny.
  It looked like a funny picture.
 What can I tell you?  You know what I saw when I saw that I saw one perfect shot.
  It should have been on the Twitter.
 One perfect shot.
  Well, that's a that is one that we're like, OK, this got out of hand really fast.
  That is the tri star logo that is played for a lot of movies.
  Jordan, I just emailed you a picture.
  You can throw it up because we're talking about Indiana Jones.
  This is the cardboard standee.
  What for it? No, I this is the cardboard standee for Indiana Jones.
  I sent this to Mike because I was at the movies seeing Megan.
  Megan, very good, very fun.
  She's a little creep.
 She's a little creepo.
  But yeah, this is similarly to like they kind of didn't go all the way with this.
  The CGI, some of the marketing material leaves a little to be desired.
  I mean, Dial of Destiny, I think Jason, be careful.
  You're going to get some blowback from whatever this is about.
  That's great.
 I have all notifications turned off except text, text, messaging  and phone calls.
 So I'm sorry if you get did you get all those podcasts?  The ride Twitter like reply notifications.
  Do you know because you always have notifications on.
  Remember, I think I might have some notifications turned on.
  But that's but for Mike, that's you dump.
  That's my life.
 You dump a bucket of water into the Mississippi River.
  Yeah, that keeps your notifications.
  That kept me going when I was tired on Monday walking around  because I hadn't walked around in so long.
  It's your crank.
 It's my crank.
  You have notifications to get the adrenaline.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So I like it is what I'm saying.
  But no, I don't I I don't I'm not I'm overwhelmed more by deals  being notified notifications.
  Mm hmm.
 Drop everything else.
  Is it tough for you to do these podcast records where that's two hours?  At least where you can't.
 Yeah, I have missed.
  I have missed deals from doing the podcast.
  Yeah, I'm not.
 Yeah.
 Do we need to end it?  Do we need to end it just so that you can or just give you the ability  to still be checking the deals? I record.
  There's there's a new guy I follow that's got such good deals  that yes, maybe because of this new Twitter account deal vibes.
  Will that turn it on for tax message?  You turn that deal vibes overrides.
  Let's let's set it up.
  Jordan, we'll do this here at Forever Doug.
  Let's patch deal vibes right into the podcasting gear  so that like there's just a robot voice reading deal vibes.
  My yeah, yeah, that gets deal vibes, notifications, Scott's get  Scott Gustin notifications so you can actually learn when magic  keys are on sale because Disney is no help.
  That's true.
 Alerting people.
  This is the candy.
  Yeah, Jason, what is your issue?  Problem is just like it's just kind of him in the shadows.
  There's like nothing about this movie.
  It's just the logo.
  And then he's like just hanging out and darken it like most of this stand  is darkness.
 Maybe he's in a cave.
  Lava behind him.
 Maybe he's in a gold smelt.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 I don't know.
  So what's your issue with that? That's the end.
  It just seems like nothing.
  It just seems like it's just like a stand.
  I take a photo.
  I guess so.
  It lets you know he's not shaving.
  All right.
 Got a real stubbly chin.
  So maybe he's at a rough run of time.
  And you don't know he tries calling Mutt.
  And Mutt doesn't call him back.
  Right.
 And you don't know what he's looking at.
  What and like what he's doing with his hands.
  I mean, turning a dial.
  Is he turning a dial left?  Is he turning right? He's he's reading a newspaper that says  Mutt Williams causes Gulf of Tonkin incident, sentenced to life in jail.
  War in Vietnam begins.
  Isn't that isn't it more funny is your imagination, Jason?  I suppose.
 I suppose.
  So, you know, childless dorks will never understand  the benefit of just a simple teaser standee.
  That's right.
 Well, but I've got disposable income to spend on all the grass,  seed and sod that I could need.
  I don't have a Twitter account that gives me updates on sod deals, but I should.
  Oh, sir.
 Sod.
 You follow, sir.
  Sales on sod sales, in fact.
  All right.
 All right.
  Let's talk about Mickey Mouse.
  All right.
 Yes.
  From from the grass to the ride, if you don't know, there is a ride past the grass.
  And yeah, it's it's it's brand Sparklin new looks wonderful.
  Great exterior in Disneyland.
  The the the full story here, if you don't know it, there has never been a Mickey  and Minnie ride before.
  There's not really been a ride with the primary characters, as far as I can recall.
  Maybe they appear in little fits and stuff.
  Never.
 You've never there's never been something where you get in a ride vehicle  that moves that has Mickey and Minnie in it because they have the Mickey Mouse  review, which is a show basically in Disney World.
  But yeah, this is the fill our magic or something.
  Yes, a ride and the rides going to take you to see Mickey's.
  Little never have little great movie where I sliver head sorcerer Mickey.
  That's true.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Seen.
 Oh, that's a good point.
  But Disney is selling this.
  It's like, oh, the first full Mickey Mouse ride.
  Actual Mickey, Minnie, right?  And specifically, it is the style of these shorts that we've spoken very highly of  that I think are just called Mickey Mouse, so they've put them out under different names.
  But these wonderful, visually dynamic, super manic, really funny for all ages.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Shorts that have been coming out since 2013.
  Paul Rudish, the creative force behind them.
  And I mean, what a cool that we're it's going to be a Mickey ride.
  But attributing this world of yeah, yeah.
  And they're like, there's something weird cartoons to their weird.
  I I have a few things on that.
  Todd Martin's mentioned that, like, oh, this ride is more like a screwball  car 1930s cartoon short.
  I do wonder when I read that, it's like, oh, is that what's missing  from a lot of popular movies and TV?  It's like, oh, yeah, well, we don't have screwball, like to see, like John Cena,  like holding too many plates or like getting knocked by a door.
  Oh, but he gets he chugs and blockers that blockers.
  I think is a thing that people liked.
  Like there was like crazy antics.
  Yeah.
 Screwball is is let's ask the audience is blockers screwball.
  Blockers screwball screwball.
  I don't I guess screwing screwing balls and not a say of their brothers.
  Was there any?  But did heparna get their way?  Did heparna Tracy butt chug in any of their films?  No, just to prepare for the scene.
  Yes.
 Yeah, that was all that was in medical.
  Just constantly drinking off screen and on.
  So the shorts, OK, they are just called Mickey Mouse  from 2013 to 2018 was the first run.
  And then in 2020, they've referred to them as the wonderful world of Disney.
  They started where the wonderful world of Mickey Mouse.
  Paul Rudish, a very interesting career.
  A lot of work with Gendi Tartakovsky.
  I think that's how you say that he worked on the Star Wars Clone Wars.
  Early in his career, he worked in storyboard and character  development on Batman, the animator series.
  Geez.
 That's incredible.
  Crashly, we found out he's a freaking nepo baby.
  He's a nepo baby.
 Oh, wow.
  I didn't know his father created Rainbow Brite.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Really? Yeah.
  Wow.
 I know that rainbow bright babies.
  I you know that maybe we finally found the point  where I am bothered by the phrase because, you know, if there's talent.
  And I think what people maybe miss about nepo baby is what you're  what is being implied is that the baby is not very talented.
  Oh, sure.
 If the baby is talented, there is not a problem.
  Yeah, that becomes a dynasty.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Those happen.
  There's very stacked, which this is incredible.
  If that's a like animation legend, father and son.
  And God knows, yeah, this guy's worked on incredible stuff.
  My Little Pony as well, like kind of concurrently with these Mickey Mouse  shorts, my little pony samurai Jack Powerpuff girls.
  Like it's all stuff people super love.
  And I saw there was a panel, I think,  that Rudeish spoke on about this attraction.
  And he made a point I thought was interesting, which is how  like there's a cool thing that, you know, this isn't  this isn't a ride based on stuff that was made 20 years ago.
  And we're sort of like stabbing at that, a style that has like these are very  current and it's completely it is the artists and animators and voice actors  and everybody who works on their shorts putting the ride together.
  So there's a real like, you know, direct through line,  you know, like the vibe is exactly correct.
  And he pointed out how it's actually very early Disneyland  that that is the case, because in 55 you have like  Claude Coates and those kind of people that they're like Claude Coates  is painting the Snow White background or whatever.
  And he did the background of the movie, too.
  So it's actually like hearkening back to kind of a cool,  you know, tradition that maybe Disney has not had for for a little bit.
  Yeah, it's like the same people were.
  I mean, yeah, I'm trying to think.
  Yeah, they don't.
  I guess like Guardians of the Galaxy is new and new movie.
  And it's a newish ride, obviously.
  And Avatar is like the Avatar people.
  But yeah, it's but it's as far as the animated stuff.
  Yeah, it feels like that hasn't happened for a while.
  By the way, I haven't said this on the show.
  I don't think that this this victory that I had that I'm very proud of  that the composer of Oh, right.
  Way of Water, but also I think at least one of the writers  of the Shaman of Song song liked my Pyotr song.
  I was I was beaming about that.
  That's great.
 He gave like like replied up several times to my account  to podcast the ride.
  Yes, I guess I'm in the same league as Simon.
  Two composers.
  Simon Franklin, I think.
  Just two Avatar composers talking shop.
  Frank Witter, Simon Franklin.
  Yeah, that freaked me out.
  That's a good credible.
 That's a good Twitter.
  You know, that's why.
  Yes, that's why you got to keep it.
  That's why Twitter is sold for so much money.
  You got the highest of highs and the lowest of lows, you know,  happening all at once.
  Oh, wait, that was a high of high.
  That means the devil's coming for me.
  Oh, no.
 Watch out.
  And he's going to be in a cheap looking naughty devil outfit  that he got at a costume store.
  By the way, really, let's try to stay on this for too long.
  But this is kind of fresh in the news that Eiger announces  there is an Avatar something.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
 Right.
  Experience, he says, coming to Disneyland.
  And we were texting about this today.
  Mike took the you could say pessimist.
  You could probably say realist view that you think this is not  flying past that attraction if it was going to be a cloned.
  I've seen a lot of people online say, oh, this is going into the ESPN zone.
  And it's like a walkthrough.
  I think there's one in the Shanghai.
  There's one of the one of the parks has like a walkthrough attraction.
  That's just sort of like Hong Kong, maybe Hong Kong.
  There's a very elaborate exhibit.
  And it's yeah, it's just like sort of an exhibit thing.
  I there was another part of that where they said they were exploring  other ways to get the characters in.
  But I feel like he's saying attraction.
  Plus, they cut like 700 million dollars out of their  theme park budget, I believe, as well.
  They said on this call today.
  And they're laying seven thousand people off.
  So I have a feeling it's not we're getting any part of Pandora anytime soon.
  But I hope I hope I'm wrong.
  I I think they should kill two birds with one stone, make it the ESPN  zone, locate it on Pandora, you know.
  Oh, yeah, that's yeah.
  I think that's actually a very good idea.
  Rainforest Cafe is still open as Star Wars.
  Like what? I don't know if they're calling it launch bay, but it's start.
  The Rainforest Cafe is now like a rebel base.
  Oh, yeah.
 The jurors are like a trading post.
  Yeah, that's what they.
 Yeah.
  So then Pandora will be next door, probably at the ESPN zone.
  That'd be the dream of the humans for sure.
  This is of Miles Corritch is opening an ESPN zone on Pandora.
  You could see what I got to civilize this place.
  There's too much grass.
  See Navi Sports playing, you know, that would be fun.
  We're going to represent the low.
  We're going to air local games.
  It's going to be great.
 You love it.
  And we got an agreement with Caesar Sportsbook.
  Those commercials play every commercial break.
  Iger said that they're not going to sell ESPN,  but that the previous administration was thinking about it.
  Was looking into it.
  So Iger wants to keep ESPN.
  OK, he's intimidated by just the sheer presence of Dana White's slap  slap fight.
 Oh, yes.
  Got familiar with this real quick.
  It's really shocking, really unpleasant.
  It's just it's the guy who the UFC guy has a new new thing, a new sports  endeavor where two guys just stand and they just slap each other really hard.
  And it sounds like the devil has come for all of the participants in the slap fight.
  I well, it's Dana White, so he might be the devil.
  So possible.
 I got me.
  I was watching a walkthrough.
  There's a great account called Document Disney, and they just, you know,  to rides and lands and hotels and everything.
  And they're current from two days ago, their walkthrough of downtown  Disney is very funny because there is so much branding and statues  for this Disney 100 thing.
  But a good chunk of downtown Disney is construction walls  and active construction sites.
  So it's just statues by like, OK, we crammed a bunch of picnic tables  for people to sit at if they go to the food truck.
  And the AMC theater building is gone.
  Oh, yeah.
 It is an empty lot.
  I didn't see that.
 I mean,  maybe it will become grass.
  Don't make fun of it, though.
 Fingers crossed.
  So anyway, we got the personnel of these great cartoons  and and this all sort of because it opens in Florida first.
  And I don't know, maybe the intention was always to make it  like a multi-park franchise, but it seems like it initially  must have grown out of wanting for some reason to replace the great movie ride.
  Yes.
 If I still can't imagine why you'd want to do such a thing.
  I think I was listening to a podcast.
  I'll find it and I'll plug it in a second because I can't remember it off the top  of my head.
 But I think there were that was the initial thing.
  And then they were like, just when they design it, they were like,  well, we could also put this into Disneyland.
  So I think you're right.
  I think the start of it was like we want to replace the great movie ride.
  It was spurred by because we and you got a big footprint there.
  And like, you know, if we clear everything out, that's like a tremendous amount  of space, like giant rooms where you could do something sprawling.
 Right.
  Which this attraction certainly is.
  There were rumors for a while it was going into California Adventure.
  I don't know if that was ever possible, but I remember hearing that a lot  that they were going to put that on the lot in the Hollywood lot.
  That's a good Hollywood choice.
  Would have been something big to finally be good over there.
  Disney History Institute podcast,  which I did.
 I like that website.
  Yeah.
 I didn't even know existed until today  when I was listening to this, and it's got a lot of the good history  and of this ride and no like that.
  You mean without like a big screed against the grass, Dana White stuff.
  Talk about the Jessica Rabbit trench coat.
 Yeah, none of it.
  All right.
 So if you want the pure, we should have given the people  this plug early in the show if they wanted to go switch to something purely  for information.
  Just because we can like step through what's what's cool about this thing  and the differences between the two iterations.
  But but maybe just to like dive in and like emotional reaction from it,  let's just talk about like the basics of what this is,  which is I mean, the headline of it and the technology of it  is you are you are truly in the world of these cartoons.
  They use the phrase two and a half D.
  It is not a 3D ride.
 You don't wear glasses on this,  but it is crystal clear,  just a maculite footage that you're watching.
  And it's these giant expansive rooms that 360 degrees every way  that you turn is is just bright, splashy, dynamic, hand drawn looking  backgrounds, art, animation that led you into the world of these  like madcap adventures of Mickey and Minnie.
  It's just like like the most bright visual carnival of a ride.
  How does everybody how we all feel about it?  I rode this with when my family and I were down in Florida.
  It was the first day I think was first thing we rode  because Rises of Resistance was broken.
  So we went on this, which I was I had not seen anything about.
  I knew about the theater.
  I knew about the you go into the screen.
  And I was delighted by this.
  I was just I was shocked.
  I thought it was so fun.
  I thought it was so just neat.
  I like everyone really liked it.
  My family really liked it.
  I was singing that song to myself all week.
  The entire time we're there, the last day or second to last day  where they went back on Disney Plus Day, went back to Hollywood Studios  and everything at a really long wait.
  But my dad and I like stuck it out and rode this again because like I  I am riding this again.
  I thought this was great.
  Yeah.
 I want to be like up to speed on it.
  And I just saw it.
  It's really technically impressive.
  And I think it's really fun.
  I think I would say more fun, like more bouncy, goofy fun than say like.
  I don't want to start pitting it against like Rise of the Resistance.
  I think it's go ahead.
 Go ahead.
  I think it's the best thing.
 Imagine you're like, hold on.
  Let me do it.
 Do it.
  It's more it's easily more fun.
  And at this point, less work than Rise of the Resistance.
  I think it's the best thing Disney has done since like the year  where they had Pandora and Guardians of the Galaxy within weeks apart.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Crazy.
  Yeah.
 Hard to argue that, Mike.
  What would you think?  Yeah, it's it's great.
  I anything that I have as an issue with it is really minor.
  But it does.
  I don't know.
 It does everything you would want it to do.
  The technology, it's like it's pretty much  if if if you were completely anti screen on rides,  this would hopefully make you go, OK, well, yeah, it does not have to be  what we're accustomed to.
 It does not.
  It doesn't have to be what kind of worse era universal.
  Why we started a screen rights.
 Right.
  And I'm sure screen resolution continues to improve.
  I feel like this is going to age much better than so much stuff like so,  because the way it seamlessly integrated into 3D stuff  in the ride and practical stuff is pretty seamless.
  Where I'm watching videos and I go, I can't.
  I think that might be painted, but I can't tell.
  Like, I feel like this might be just a painted wall and I can't tell.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 It's such a.
  And the thing is, we've seen certain things like the Harry Potter paintings  in the queue or whatever, where you can't quite tell.
  But this is on such a scale that every say you can look any direction  in any of these massive showrooms and you're not exactly sure  what you're looking at.
  Like, is every wall projected is only part of it projected?  And the answer seems to be somewhere in between or in some rooms  it is entirely projected.
  But then it still requires big physical, you know, because you want it  for there to be a big physical footprint and a little bit of thrill and movement.
  And it completely has that, too.
  So you'd never call it a screenwriter.
  You you move a ton and there's huge set pieces.
  And and incredible like sculpture work like that tornado  towards the beginning.
  And yeah, it's yeah.
  Screen ride would be a bizarre thing to call it, even if it it technically is.
  Yeah.
 At some points.
  But it's yeah, they're.
  Yeah, I don't know how they I mean, I guess it's a lot of projection  from inside things.
  I guess sometimes.
 Yeah.
  But the first time riding it, I yeah, same thing.
  Could not tell like what is a set and what is I knew the fact  I think I had heard about the fountain like there you go by a fountain at one point.
  And the water is like projection.
  The water is moving.
  But I think the fountain is painted.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Where there's like, yeah, like little ribbons, cute little like that are blank.
  But they project water splashes onto it to give it  movements and yeah, visual electricity.
  I think maybe I'm maybe I'm getting this wrong.
  But then like the when you see like Donald at the carnival or something  like Donald is animated, but the background is not.
  There's something back there isn't.
  It's like his background is is is just the painted thing.
  But Donald himself is animated.
  And maybe it's like a piece of glass or something in between or something.
  There's some sort of thing going on there where like completely confuses your brain.
  Like you cannot decipher.
  And you just saw it without any character before you get  like when you arrive in the room, there's nothing.
  And then this room turns on as if like somebody's flipping switch, switch, switch, switch.
  Yeah.
 And so surfaces that have nothing are now bright with color and visual information.
  In that case, I think like and this happens a couple of times, I think,  with the little bird at the end, too.
  I watched a video that explained how there's like there's the character on one screen,  but then there's another screen in the back that is just for its shadow.
  And that gives it depth, which is, I guess, something they do in Rise of the Resistance, too.
  Like maybe the like the like torture room or whatever with Kylo Ren.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's something that makes it like gives it depth.
  And it doesn't just look like, you know, a screen with a character.
  The bird's name.
 The screen pushes forward.
  Sorry.
 Or no, wait, that's I forget.
  That's not the interrogation room.
  But that's like there's another element of when he's coming at you on Rise of the  Resistance that I didn't know.
  But when he like lands, he lands and he blocks.
  The saber comes in.
  That's a projection of him.
  But I didn't realize the screen sort of thing that's that's he's being  project on is moving forward to make him appear like he's walking and getting bigger.
  Oh, that's cool.
  The bird is named Chubby.
  Oh, the little bird.
  And I I remember that you can buy a plush of Chubby.
  Oh, really? In at Hollywood Studios, and I'm assuming soon Disneyland.
  Well, the gift shop shop Disney.
  The gift shop was closed.
  OK.
 When I left.
  Yeah, I don't remember.
  It was sort of renovated.
  I think that's where the gift shop was.
  But sort of when you came out, there were a lot of curtains and  stuff under whatever.
  So I guess the gift shop is not available.
  So again, we'll review that when we do Toontown.
  Yeah, I was trying to find I wish there was like some blog or something  where like they would literally break down each room of some of these newer rides.
  Because so many of the older things have obviously books and stuff written about them.
  But there's a channel called How It Works.
  I don't know if that's the channel, but the videos are called that.
  And which which broke down some of the stuff right.
  And does for newer rides.
  And even but even there, then they'll admit they're guessing.
  Yes, because they're trying to keep some of the and this ride has some great effects  where you are not sure exactly what's going on and you have to stop  and think about it for a minute.
  I guess with that in mind, let's start breaking down stuff in it.
  That's cool.
 And one thing like, OK, so Jason did in Florida.
  Mike, you did it in Disneyland.
  Yes, I've been able to do both.
  Yeah.
 And I if you're comparing them, I think the the only thing  you don't want to be the Florida one is great.
  It's a great experience.
 Yeah.
  And you got to give it to I think that neon sign outside.
  Oh, yeah.
 Really nice.
  And just the fact that the Chinese theater exterior  and interior from the great movie writer are still intact.
  It is really like a lovely and ornate and classic Hollywood in there.
  However, you do this toon town one and oh my God, it's so much fun.
  And it just makes so much more sense.
 Yes.
  And it's not just like pure Chinese theater until one turn.
  And finally, it gets cartoony.
  It is cartoony from the get go from the outside.
  It's so fun.
 I really love the Disneyland version.
  Compared to the grass, the El Capitoon,  the theater in Toon Town looks terrific.
  Yeah.
 And also looks I mean, I know they always do often do this,  but it feels like it's been there forever.
  It makes sense in which is nice because I wanted to down to still feel early.
  Yes, right.
 That's what it is to me.
  And it kind of does.
  And there's a lot of as well mentioned, there's a lot of early 90s  tribute going on here.
 Yeah.
  The interior, like you said, Catholic, the Chinese theater, if you go to  the actual Chinese theater, the TCL, is that the current name?  If you go there, you will get stabbed.
  I eventually I a lot of.
  Yeah, it's very similar inside.
  It's really kind of a very tiny lobby.
  They've converted the theater itself to like stadium seating, IMAX,  but a similar vibe to the, you know,  Disney replica of the Chinese theater.
  And I like that.
  I will say the overflow queue is just on the kind of brutal cement  outside of the theater, like and it hell hit it.
  It's not comfortable to stand on.
  And the elements are not forgiving.
  Should be on some AstroTurf.
  AstroTurf would be a godsend.
  Right.
  A notorious concrete jungle.
  Yeah.
 A notorious cement jungle.
  Yeah, I did it in July.
  July in 90 degree, I found that I had a screenshot of the temperature  because I was clearly like I was needing to vent to people what line I was at,  what line I imposed on myself that I'm doing so low.
  But like 90 degree and intense humidity.
  And it's most of an 80 minute line is just in that Chinese theater courtyard.
  Just back and forth, back and forth.
  And at that point in time, I am so sure I am getting the Delta variant  right then and there, which I did not.
  But I like I was really stressed the entire time.
  Or so who knows?  I don't know where they send the overflow in this  Disneyland one because it's virtual queue, which worked pretty well.
  If you don't sleep through it, you have to do the 1 p.
m.
  one.
 You did get the get the 1 p.
m.
  one.
 Yeah, that's a good set.
  The fact that you that you can that they aren't just all.
  Yes.
 That early in the morning, I got on it  and pretty early I was on by nine thirty or so.
  And it's yeah, I don't know.
  Pretty efficient.
  It's not as bad as the resistance was for so long.
  No.
 Yeah.
  You can pay $15 and do it.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  That's haunting you with that.
  Like, you know, you can pay right now, buddy.
  Oh, as long as this.
 Yeah.
  But you get into the El Capetoon Theater, a play on the El Capitan Theater,  another Hollywood Boulevard theater, the one that Disney owns.
  And very quickly, it's all of these great movie posters  that are all it's all cartoonified versions of live action Disney films.
  Yeah.
 And a newsies you get a I should have written down the puns.
  There's a newsies as a honey.
  I shrunk the kids.
  There's a mighty ducks.
  There's an absent minded professor.
  They'll throw out the pun ones.
  There's a ton.
 There's a ton of them, too.
  Which is fine.
  I have photos of a few, although now I don't remember what.
  Toon's ease to and see.
  That's cute.
  Honey, I shrunk the nieces that and that's many many and her nieces.
  Yeah.
  Uh, let's see.
  What does the goofy Friday like Freaky Friday for the 70s?  Freaky Friday where Ian Max switch absent minded Professor von Drake.
  And they're all they really like match styles perfectly, too,  for the original posters.
  It is so I really appreciated that level of like, OK, it is exactly like a 60s  pain drawn poster.
  And like there's a couple that I have.
  Jordan, if you could pull these up.
  There we go.
 There's the Scroogiest millionaire.
  I mean, that's so great.
  And that's a delicate thing to like draw cartoon characters,  but convey a different art style when like when it's all drawn.
  Like you got to get that exactly right.
  And fonts are perfect.
  So 1969.
  And actually, there's another one.
  There's this other this parent trap one.
  You still have the Journey video game.
  Hey, yeah.
  Well, now we know we can be mad at that.
  Whatever we want.
  This this year, the Chipmunk Trap, which is clearly the Lindsay Lohan  parent trap, which has I always forget this is a Nancy Meyers movie.
  Oh, right.
 And thus it has a very Nancy Meyers poster.
  And I just appreciate that, like, wow, they can do 1969,  like closer to Walt era posters and then get kind of the subtlety  of more recent Nancy Meyers posters so well.
  It's really it's all ends of the spectrum.
  That other one in the middle that you had, Jordan,  this is a hocus pocus parody called Meeska Mooska.
  And and it's fun in general.
  But I have to I'm just going to I don't have to admit this to the audience,  but I feel like I I should be forthcoming.
  I passed by this.
  I thought it was fun.
  And then I couldn't believe this came out of my mouth,  especially given her reaction.
  But what I said to Erin was, I I think the Sarah Jessica Parker  Daisy is kind of hot.
 Wow.
  Is there we going to zoom in on my Sarah Jessica Parker of computer enhanced.
  Wow.
 I that is the most that by the way, that is the most sexual thing  that's ever been said on the show in like an aggressive way.
  It was you found that aggressive.
  Let's be Jason, would you also vote that that is aggressive?  For this podcast?  I look I can see both sides of the aisle.
  I can see both sides.
  I understand where Mike's coming from, but I thought you said  it pretty thoughtfully and consider.
  That's right.
 I sure did.
  It's a compliment.
  It's a compliment to Sarah Jessica Parkerified Daisy.
  Yeah, you're talking about this specific version of Daisy.
  I couldn't believe that.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I haven't been attracted to Daisy.
  I've been attracted to Daisy before.
  Hair looks great.
  Something about it.
  It's the hair.
  You know what? I think it is.
  Eyelashes are great.
  You know, it's great.
  You know what I think it is? It's the attitude.
  Yeah, which is really what's attractive about people often.
  And the attitude, she's got a cool attitude going.
  You know what else is weird, though?  I didn't specifically have a crush on that on Sarah Jessica Parker.
  I don't remember the name of that sister,  but it's not like I'm bringing that into the picture.
  It required I didn't like Daisy and I didn't like Sarah Jessica Parker.
  But you put them together and I'm in love.
  Wow.
 Interesting.
  And my wife was like, ick.
  Yeah.
 Which what else is she supposed to say?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's also rare that I will say that, that I will I will vocalize an attraction  even to like a celebrity and that I what I chose to do it for was Daisy.
  I don't know.
 I kind of like their Kathleen and Jimmy  Claribel up there.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, let's say all three of them have their virtues.
  Well, you know me, I like the Midler Mini.
  Oh, well, well, there's a way there's three of them and three of us.
  And that's a go round.
  It's not cheating if they're cartoons.
  That's what I say.
 Not cheating.
  If it's impossible, it becomes cheating if we were to like,  you know, hit up people who make the action figures that you like and say,  could you do like some really realistic?  Here's this poster.
  Could you just like physicalize these and make them as tall as us?  Which would that? OK, well, that's it.
  Yeah, that is way different.
  As long as we're not.
  But what if we would if you went to some sort of an inventor and said  it make us an invention and we can go inside the cartoon?  And that's problematic.
  Um, hmm.
 Yeah.
  Do Hall pass would Hall passes be OK  in a world where you have a cartoonifying machine?  Because that also here's the issue, though, Mike, is that you can get the invention  that cartoonifies you.
  Yeah, let's assume that's possible.
 Right.
  Does it make every cartoon that's ever existed real?  Well, that's up to the inventor to do it.
  That's a lot of work.
 That's a lot of work.
  That is God.
 That is creating a universe.
  Well, thanks.
 Wait.
  Oh, that's good.
 There's my.
  Well, hold on.
  I need some clarification from you, Scott.
  They have had walk around versions of these at some of the Halloween parties.
  Have they? Of not of Daisy.
  Yeah.
 What? All three of them.
  These characters exist as a character in three dimensions.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Yeah.
 What did you search to find this?  Mickey's not so scary.
  Hocus pocus is that what it is?  Focus mini because the act is the Sanderson sisters.
  The real ones are also at the high.
  I bet suit.
  I bet suit real life.
  Daisy doesn't have the same attitude as this poster, though.
  Yeah, I'm looking at photos.
  I know I don't have the same.
  I don't have the same.
  Lost.
 Yeah.
  No.
 But if I.
  Now, if there was an opportunity for me to hug that character,  I think this would be very upsetting to you, Mike.
  I think that is a cross of the line.
  You talk about aggression.
  I know you wouldn't be OK with me hugging that character.
  I wouldn't be OK.
 Yeah, I would.
  Just don't show it to me.
 I'm fine.
  Maybe you do behind closed doors, by which I mean at a theme park  with someone taking a picture of it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 All that would that would be different.
 Yeah.
  You don't know how to describe it, but you know it when you see it.
  Yeah.
 Huh.
 I didn't know.
  I'll say this.
 I wasn't.
  I don't think I immediately was attracted to any of the posters  in line in that way.
  Are there others?  I'm trying to think like candidates.
  Well, everybody likes that girl from from movie movie movie.
  And again, we were all the same.
  But we were all the same age at the time.
  Yeah, you have to go back.
  We saw the movie for the first time.
  So I don't think that that's younger even.
  But it was aspirational.
  Yes, that's true.
  Eleven in another one of Mike's science fiction stories  where scientists are inventing cartoon race for him.
  Not for beef.
  Roxanne Roxanne is a high powered big city lawyer.
  And you're saying I've worked out a scenario where she's now an adult  and I'm an adult and the inventor with the cartoon Ray shoots me.
  And then I meet her in some sort of meet cute cartoon world in Toontown.
  I'm imagining the cartoon race series as a multi volume  like sort of thing like you remember.
  I'm sure you had this at your high school, the kid who was like writing  like his own science fiction stuff, his own like and would start  numbering his volume.
  He's like, OK, well, the next book in the series.
  It's like you are 11.
  Please slow it down.
  Well, the ambitious, it's good.
  The listener wants to write this series of perverse  cartoon podcast, the ride.
  And Jordan's given us another option.
  It's Scrooge McDuck's wife or mom.
  Oh, yeah.
 What character is that?  I might know the name of this character because there's a if  if this is correct, because there is separately in Runaway Railway.
  There's like a trivia wall about like the history of the El Capitune.
  And I saw a sign and I didn't know what this was referring to.
  The very first ticket sold at the El Capitune was purchased by Casey  Coot's sister, Elvira Coot.
  And I'm like, who's Elvira Coot?  And Elvira Coot is apparently Donald Duck's grandmother,  who does appear on Duck Tales, maybe in flashbacks or maybe still alive.
  I don't know.
 But I looked kind of like this may be Elvira Coot that we're looking.
  But isn't Uncle Scrooge's his uncle only one generation up?  His grandmother would be another generation up.
  Yes, that might be what we're looking at.
  But they, you know, they coexisted there around.
  Is that Magica Dispel with the red hat?  That's clearly Magica Dispel.
  I think that's Magica Dispel.
  And who's under that? Let's keep going.
  That's Daisy.
  Is there a lot of eligible duck bench?  Loretta's poster.
  Daisy looks very jaunty in that, as does what's what's his face.
  Launchpad.
 Yeah, launchpad also looks very fine.
  He's holding hands with a crocodile.
  Everyone's having a nice time.
  Even the crocodile looks like a new hall pass.
  Mr.
 Crocodile here.
  Look at the suits that Donald and Scrooge have on.
  Those are like sharp, sharp kind of retro suits.
  Everyone looks great.
  Everyone is in their best mode.
  Yeah.
 What's Magica Dispel is the character.
  It's a great hat on Magica Dispel.
  Yeah, the Carmen Sandiego style.
  Very Carmen Sandiego.
  She's got a little cup of tea there.
  And she's yeah, she's also she's the witch, basically, on the DuckTales.
  You remember her, Scott.
 She's on DuckTales.
  Yeah, I watched it, but I don't remember.
  Almost any other.
  Well, she's not to be trifled with, I'll tell you that.
  Where's Gizmo Duck?  Anywhere here? I don't think he is.
  I swear to God, if my if my kid is doing a podcast in 30 years  about the crap he's watching about Leo the truck.
  You're Leo and you built the car that was so  wheels, motors and wood.
  And don't you dare.
  Don't you dare, son of mine.
  You know, that Paw Patrol character is kind of good looking.
  Oh, no, this is going to be me.
  What's the what's the movie where George C.
  Scott is yelling while he watches his daughter?  Like, oh, hardcore.
  I think like, no, turn it off.
  I haven't seen it.
  I believe he's watching his daughter have sex or she's in a she's in a.
  You're saying watching your kid do a podcast about hearing my son  do this podcast, but about the things about  Gecko's Garage and the shows he's watching.
  That's fair.
  Episode by episode through the filmography of Mr.
 Beast.
  No, no, shut it off.
  We sent a young child to college to not to.
  We paid him not to do a podcast and he used that money to pay for his  college and grad school.
  Here's the deal.
  This is this money is entirely dependent on you not doing a podcast.
  I'm going to play you an example of my podcast.
  Just say, so, yeah, then, yeah, I'm with my son and I say, isn't Daisy hot?  Well, see, is this what you want to be?  I don't want you to be me, son.
  Son, you were raised with dirty money, money that was made from mining.
  Mastalgia.
  Saying outrageous things about childhood cartoon characters.
  I yelled about grass for 50 minutes.
  I'll grab you put milk in your mouth.
  This money is.
  I wasn't mining for unobtainium.
  That's only an avatar, son.
  Disgusting money.
  So go to church every week to absolve me of the sins.
  Anyway, you know what else is in the line is that Fred are femurs arm.
  He's number three in the skeleton dance.
  And I thought that was fun that they named the skeletons in the skeleton dance.
  I will.
 Maybe this is a little bit ahead, too, because they have some fun  like little stuff for the kids to twirl like the propeller on a plane from plane crazy.
  Yeah, yes.
 Oh, and the ships with you got a steamboat willy wheel.
  I was telling you guys he was like on the this was a long line for he is like his dad  in a good way that he has no tolerance for lines.
  So we were like rounding a bend and like, well, we need a diversion real quick.
  He we got a wheel.
 He loves to spin a big wheel.
  It's a great line in terms of like I was tough to do.
  I wish I had longer a longer time in that line because there's so much stuff.
  Look, I see.
 I see your point.
  I in terms of like, is this a very good cue?  Absolutely.
 It is.
 Am I glad I saw it? Yes.
  Is still any cue technically skippable?  Also, yes.
 Can I say the thing that gave me  I was very tired by the time I went on.
  So my emotions maybe were a little bit more free flowing.
  But I saw something that made me feel like feel it gave me all the feels.
  Well, it was the dresser from the Lonesome Ghosts.
  Wow.
 Did you remember that?  Now, wait.
 Well, here explain it.
  Yeah.
 So in Lonesome Ghosts, I've talked about this.
  It's the episode.
  It's the cartoon where Donald Goofy and Mickey Go ghost busting essentially.
  Yeah.
 And as a kid, I'd watch it all the time on Halloween multiple times.
  It was always my favorite Mickey short.
  Goofy gets hurt badly in it.
  And I didn't like that part, but it's very memorable.
  It's burned in my brain of Goofy, like hurting himself.
  Goofy gets stuck in this dresser while the ghosts are messing with him.
  So it's I love it is really what I'm saying.
  And I turned a corner and I saw the dresser.
  The dresser was yes, Lonesome Ghosts.
  And I went, I think I made a noise alone.
  I'm not I wasn't trying to be performative or anything.
  No one was there.
 I made like my noise of like,  and I was like, it's a dresser from Lonesome Ghosts.
  And I got so excited.
  Well, I forgot it has a big mirror on top, too.
  Yes.
 And I was showing that to my boy just to like, hey, there's us.
  It was just just to show him himself in the mirror.
  And then what should appear in the mirror?  But one of the Lonesome Ghosts.
 Yes.
  And it worked.
 He went, oh, like much like you did.
  But it didn't scare him.
  It did, because I'm concerned about that this entire time.
  It's a little bit of a long line for him.
  I'm worried about losing him because this is a big wide.
  Mom and dad really want to do it.
  And it's an all ages ride.
  So I want it to be fun for him so that he got a little scare  and he jumped, but not a scare that made him cry.
  That's great.
 Love that.
  I was happy to see the ghost.
  I almost forgot about this.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, that was the that there was other parts of the line I love.
  But that one, I was like, wow, the real thing from the real cartoon.
  Yeah.
 It's got Mickey's hat on it, too, which is fun,  because Mickey's wearing a real funny, big, like hunting hat.
  It's like a Sherlock Holmes kind of hat.
  Yes, you're right.
 It is like Sherlock Holmes.
  I a few things about the dresser from Lonesome Ghosts.
  If you see, son, do you want to say that phrase in your life?  Sorry.
 One thing about the dresser, one thing just about my memories  of Lonesome Ghosts, but Disney did like a walkthrough video,  like a good, very good video quality walkthrough of this cue.
  Yes.
 And they had imagineers commenting on things like, oh, this and that.
  And the one guy like hosting it was like, and this is the dresser  from the Lonesome Ghosts.
  And we're really pushing to get this in here.
  My memory of Lonesome Ghosts is that  they all went into the house with weapons.
  Yeah, like a big musket.
 Yeah.
  Shotguns.
 Yeah.
  One of the yeah.
 What are the I just remember one of them had a net.
  One of them just had a gun.
  Yeah.
 I think Mickey has the shotgun, but I could be wrong.
  Does one of them have a spear or a trident?  I forget what I feel like.
  Goofy has maybe I'm going to people.
  You're not a Lonesome Ghosts fan.
  I feel goofy as the net.
  Mickey has the shotgun gatekeeping.
  And then actually, that was a pretty that was pretty lazy memory  about Lonesome Ghosts 1937.
  I like that one extra because I really like the real Ghostbusters cartoon.
  And the other Ghostbusters cartoon.
  I did, too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 With Tracy the Gorilla.
  Yes.
 And every now and then the original Ghostbusters.
  It was because there was a live action one.
  Yeah.
 And every now and then I'd find either.
  I think there was maybe one video game arcade of the original Ghostbusters.
  And at garage sales or thrift shops or something, I'd come across a toy  and you could never find those toys.
  Yeah.
 Compared to like the real Ghostbusters toys,  which you walk one block and you could find them.
  Yeah, there's the Lonesome Ghosts toys.
  I need those to be made tomorrow.
  The one that I gasped that I was shocked how excited I was.
  And maybe I never vocalized how much I loved that.
  I just I just looked it up.
  The shortest Pluto's Christmas tree from 1952.
  Yeah.
 And there's a little lineup of when I just thought it was so clever  when I was a kid that Chip and Dale are running from Pluto and they dress up.
  They put on a little Santa hat and a beard and disguise themselves as candles.
  But then they get lit on fire on the deck.
  But the little prot, like the other ornaments  that have already been pilfered by Chip and Dale, that was a gap.
  And I did have to keep walking right past it.
  Maybe have we finally found a scenario where.
  Yeah, maybe.
 I don't wish I had more time in the queue because the  the kid was going to freak out.
 Well, that's a different story.
  I'm not so crazy that I'm going to like make a two year old  stay in a long line.
  So you say, I will say, you're going to come to shove in a year or so.
  And ghosts say a prayer while we're sitting here.
  People are mad.
 People are angry at us.
  I think they want us to keep moving.
  Well, they can stay angry for all I care.
  She's going to cry.
 OK.
  She's going to cry as long as it takes her to stop crying so she can appreciate this.
  These are important ghosts.
  Um, I think undeniably, a very fun  point of this queue is Mickey Mouse Disco, of course.
  Oh, which is kind of a broader retro room, because there's also a mouser size  right next to it on a disco floor.
  Yes.
 It's a great, great.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Really fun.
  This is the type of like  I haven't been on the Guardians of the Galaxy, right?  But this is the type of thing when they were saying, oh, the history of Epcot  or something.
 Yeah.
  Where it's like a little wink winking thing to the history of something in Disney  that's done in a way that even if you don't know any of it, it's fun and like  there's none of that, I think, in that guardians queue for as far as like history.
  We've got but this is like this is great.
  And even just the detail that it was organized as a tribute by Minnie  and the Toontown Hysterical Society, not historical society.
  That's really cute.
  I think the other thing I like about it just is turn.
  It's it's nice to see the company embracing its actual history  that it has created and not just bought, you know, because Marvel and Star Wars  get all the play nowadays.
  But it's just like these Mickey Mouse shorts are pretty undeniable, you know,  and lots of people have fond memories of the live action films, you know,  and they've they've whittled it down, I think, to the live action films  that people like, you know.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
  There was a representation of the Patrick Swayze tall tale from 1994.
  It's not all of them, but maybe people like tall tale.
  I don't know.
 Well, and on that point, like they know that they got to play up  that goofy.
 They know like, you know, goofy movie has such a cult at this point.
  And then you get you get power limes.
  You're in a little it's it's the concessions for the movie theater.
  The concessions are so good.
  Yeah, they make fake and set.
  They made fake candy, which, you know, me, you know, Jason, candy guys,  candy boys, as you might say.
  And they found the next podcast candy boys.
  Oh, my God.
  Is that different candy every episode?  That's right.
 It's not like doughboys.
  It's like it's candy.
  Can you be pretty narrow?  It's a narrow.
  I know everybody.
 A lot of people like candy, though.
  What a lot of people like.
  You're saying narrow focus.
  Oh, no.
 Our subject matter.
  Yeah.
 Narrow is good.
  Specific is good.
  But lots of people like it.
  So big potential audience, big potential audience topics.
  Oh, boy.
  But they made fake candy, which looks so fun.
  And they really should think about making it for real.
  They're not going to.
  But I assume.
 But yes, power limes.
  There's a dark winged duck candy.
  Oh, I didn't see that called.
  I have a picture of it somewhere.
  It's like basically like Reese's like Reese's cups.
  It's called like Mallard cups or something.
  And it's got the dark winged duck colors.
  The popcorn is all Mickey shaped.
  Do you see that?  I was moving fast.
 The big popcorn.
  The big popcorn popper is popping things and it's a kind of it's it's got the sound  playing.
 It's not actually popping fresh popcorn.
  There's a little like video kind of projection playing to make it look like it is.
  But if you look, the whole thing is filled with Mickey popcorn.
  And when I say Mickey, you look closely and each kernel has a little snout  and ears.
 Wow.
  Like the detail is so small and you easily would miss that.
  I did miss it.
 Yeah, I didn't catch that.
  But there's I mean, I'm sure there's a bunch of stuff like that that I don't know.
  But the concession area is so fun.
  The where you get your condiments, condiments.
  Oh, yeah.
 Thank you.
 Mallard cups.
  Yeah, there it is.
  Somebody I want Mallard cups.
  I want to put a purple peanut butter cup in my mouth stat.
  Now, that's the most aggressive thing I've heard on the punch.
  Well, that's right.
 It is.
  So that's my law.
  I'm lusting to eat a purple peanut butter cup.
  Mike's tan.
 Mike's taking us down a change and involves mouth business.
  That's right.
 And I'm not ashamed of this.
  I want dark winged duck candy and I want it now.
  Eat it out.
 They have.
  All right, Scott, let's not push it.
  Let's not push it.
  I knew that would that would throw everyone.
  Now, what is the parody movie poster of the Tim Allen, Craig Kilburn Shaggy Dog?  Is Craig Kilburn in that film?  Craig Kilburn is the supporting  like, I think Lee supporting actor.
  I know Robert Downey Jr.
  is in that one.
 It is not on Disney Plus.
  I know.
 OK, I think I tried to find this.
  Wow.
 Craig, I don't know that that's been parodied.
  For another for the kids, the condiment stations,  which is fun.
 Did you get did you let your son do any of that?  You know, yeah, briefly.
  But the line was moving.
 Yeah, right.
  There it does.
 A second.
 I wanted to be there.
  Well, there's some fun like ketchup mustard.
  It doesn't actually spit this stuff out.
  But then one of them is haggis.
  Oh, really? And then one of them, I forget, there's another one  that's like molten and it's like kind of burning the the countertop.
  I'm sorry.
 I'm a little distracted  because I just found a review of the Shaggy Dog 2006.
 Go ahead.
  You know, I must admit, when I first saw this movie, when it came out,  it was incredible.
  And that and know that I'm all grown up.
  It's even more terrific.
  It's nice to have to see the Santa Claus and the voice of Buzz Lightyear  get turned into a dog so he can understand the value of being with his family.
  So I think this movie is perfect.
  So teaching us all the importance of family.
 Wow.
  Wow.
 That's a pretty thoughtful review of someone who just let people enjoy things.
  And you can't complain about that.
  You know, wow.
  It's beautiful.
 Yeah.
  Maybe a childless nerds don't understand the beauty of a simple Santa Claus  turning into a dog to understand being with family.
  Their lives are misery.
  They stand in front of the firing squad,  enjoying their last cigarette before the end comes.
  So there's I just I can identify like this condiment station as a kid.
  I would have been like, this is my I remember this.
  I'll talk about this on a podcast in 30 years.
  These are moments.
  This is, you know, the thing that you talk about, Mike,  like we're just wanting to have like big beats and moments.
  You remember the queue has them.
  Yes.
 We'll be talking about these parts of the queue for a child and for daddy.
  Yes.
 Again, we have different definitions of aggressive.
  That's just the things that sound weird to me are different than for daddy.
  For child and for daddy.
  For child and for daddy.
  I'm daddy.
 Look, I'm daddy.
  Okay.
 Well, you're a father, but I'm daddy.
  That we keep topping up the most aggressive thing said on this podcast.
  Let's get to this ride.
  Let's get a deep, deep in the soul.
  No, DL.
  Sorry.
 I'm sorry.
  Everyone in the booth is here.
  We'll try to move through this.
  But the OK, talk about these moments.
  Big, big things.
  And it's a big one in the pre show.
  Yes.
 The pre show is you get to you go into a room  and you watch premiere of a new short, a Mickey short, perfect picnic.
  And then the song plays, which is the earworm song that nothing can stop us.
  Yes.
 And then some fun happens and chaos and Goofy shows up in a train.
  Yes.
  And then a pie gets lodged into the Goofy's smokestack.
  It's Mickey and Minnie are driving alongside Goofy in a train.
  They say a nice hello to each other, but then they hit a bump that is on the train track.
  Pluto goes flying.
  Pie goes flying goes right into Goofy's smokestack, starts steaming, whole thing blows up.
  And the smoke goes off of the screen into the room.
  And this is a great thing to.
  Well, we've just told you about it.
  If you if you might already know about it, if you go with anyone who doesn't know this beat  as I got to with Erin, she had no idea this was coming.
  It's such a jaw drop.
  You're just like, wow, it's a great pre show.
  And it like not only so exciting that well.
  And then just to say the whole thing that Goofy is now.
  He's been thrown from the train and he's hanging up on part of the screen that is still  working up above the big hole that's been blown in it.
  Yeah.
  He starts talking to the person in the room, the ride attendant, the cast member,  says, do you mind helping these good people into the cartoon?  Well, I fixed this here loki motive like that.
  This is great.
  I am a sucker for a person on screen or animatronic talks to cast member.
  It's a nice nod to the great movie ride.
  Also a nod in this.
  The ride kind of starts and finishes in a railroad barn.
  I've found possession of Walt Disney himself of a barn with railroad stops to railroad.
  Yeah, it's a really good train ride, which right, which really helped propel my son along  through the whole thing.
  Just telling him like, oh, yeah, you're going to go on a bunch of trains today.
  And one of the trains is driven by Goofy.
  You could see him.
  What else do you want?  Yeah.
  Ah, OK.
  First of all, if it was me and I was little, I'd be like, that's not a good idea.
  This is going to go poorly.
  Is he trained?  Let's not go.
  Surely the union doesn't know about this.
  Goofy show me his license.
  Does he take regular tests to make sure he's equipped?  One thing I've always thought about this ride, did they have to have the conversation  of the term railway?  They're like, we can't call this a railroad.
  We have actual railroads on property and people will be confused.
  I think this is actually an example of a title that was probably group  think group thought to death.
  But it works.
  Yeah, I like it.
  I do like it because it's like it's not actually like Mickey and Minnie's railway.
  It is not.
  Yeah, it's not correct.
  And it's a railway.
  Why wouldn't it just be railroad or why wouldn't it be like the name of the cart?  Like it works and I like it.
  But it is example of I think an overthink.
  OK, they need we can't just be Mickey because Mickey and Minnie are together.
  That's their ride, not just Mickey, even though the whole queue is Mickey.
  But Mickey and Minnie's runaway railway, it says what it is kind of.
  So I think I like it.
  I like the title a lot.
  I think I think it was like it was constructed for a lot of reasons that way.
  I like that everyone just has jobs.
  Everyone has weird.
  Goofy drives a locomotive.
  Pete is jackhammering.
  Daisy teaches a dance class that covers both Waltz and Rumba.
  Yeah, Mickey has a red big red convertible.
  Like we don't spend time getting to know about Mickey's big red car.
  That's true.
  We need to know more about that big red license.
  Significantly less horrific than the like nightmare car that was the parked in front  of his house, you know, into town.
  Is that a nightmare car?  It's just kind of like I like that car.
  I just kind of weird proportions.
  It's kind of looks a little scary.
  It's fun as a cartoon.
  It's not like Mr.
 McPhisto's car from the Batman forever video with the hands.
  Oh, no.
  Well, we're all scared of that car.
  Yeah, I like Mickey's car.
  One of these things like that the hole is blown in the screen and then Goofy and the  cast member discuss that they will let you into the cartoon and then you walk through the screen.
  So that's a separate hole has been blown in the screen.
  Cool.
  Wait, how do I get in this ride?  I go into the screen.
  That's great.
  And it's blown out towards you, but it's still being projected on.
  So that texture like the chaotic cutout is great.
  That yeah, it's awesome.
  And as a kid, I would not know.
  I'd be like amazed by it.
  Can I give a little minor gripe?  This works better in Hollywood Studios than it does in Toontown because in the reality  of Toontown, you've already walked into the cartoon.
  You're in the cartoon already in Toontown.
  Yeah.
  Now, now the whole thing is like, oh, my God, we're going in the cartoon.
  We were already in the cartoon.
  So you don't get a different until.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's but again, minor gripe here.
  Well, I guess that's the turn you have to make because in this version, you entered  the cartoon the second you enter Toontown.
  Yes.
  So you're you already they're going to another cartoon.
  I see what you're saying.
  That is interesting.
  Is the the queue in Florida?  Is it also like posters of movies that likely would have premiered at Grauman's Chinese  Theater?  I don't like posters of Mickey shorts from like the time period when this was like the  show Palace of Stars of Hollywood.
  Like, I think that's a thing I I like that.
  I do I do think it's tasteful and it's a nod to like the Golden Age of Hollywood stuff.
  Yeah, you like of course.
  Of course, I like it.
  I'm 37, but I've always been 80.
  Robert Osborne of the Robert Osborne.
  Look, he kept that right.
  Those last few years Turner Classic Movies was keeping the lights on for that ride.
  You know, we stand Robert Osborne.
  We certainly do.
  But but yes, no, this is not a major no kids like through a fit.
  We were already in the cartoon.
  What?  We were already there.
  Why do we go again?  And again, doesn't make sense.
  Yeah, we of course we were there.
  If they in cartoon world, they would just call this movie.
  They would just call this media, you know,  your children aren't logic police because they aren't on Twitter yet.
  They're not.
  Yeah, right.
  So you go through this and then you go into a very like I would say like.
  By the way, also, I don't really understand how the screen blowing upwards.
  I know that it rises up.
  Yeah, but you really got it.
  Depending on how much smoke there is, you really can't tell.
  And there's also this black barricade, like what would be under a movie screen.
  And something happens there, too, to give you passage.
  And I don't quite get what it is.
  Something shoots down.
  Maybe the black goes down.
  And it's hard to tell.
  It's one of those newer things where it's almost like the great.
  You seen a clip of the beast transforming in Japan?  Yeah, that's I don't know what's going on there.
  Yeah, I think it's the same.
  The similar thing is on the Shanghai pirates  that a skeleton turns into Jack Sparrow and you're watching it.
  And you're like, I know there's a projection happening, but I don't know what.
  I could not in a million years think or figure out what this is.
  But yeah, similar thing to here where I'm like, I think something's just shooting down,  but this fog and the misdirect is working so effectively.
  And then you go into kind of a generic barn, I would say,  like a generic kind of barn feeling place.
  But it's so like warm and gentle in there.
  I love that room.
  Well, and the music is playing.
  It's that it's like the intro of the song.
  And it's just kind of on a loop.
  It's a very just pleasant melody.
  Any form you hear it in, it's great.
  Something I'm going to say about this ride.
  I don't think I've ever called this out on a ride before.
  Stanchions.
  Good.
  Oh, yeah.
  Stanchions, the line separators.
  Yeah.
  Because in the first half of it, you've got real like art deco.
  It's little like cube pyramids.
  Look out for those.
  They're functional, but they're good.
  And then you get into cartoon world.
  They're wonderful.
  These big, like these fun, big yellow knobs.
  That have been like drawn on all crazy.
  They're wonderful pieces.
  If they started selling these, like getting rid of stray ones,  I'd buy a Runaway Railway stanchion at an auction.
  Stanchions on the Haunted Mansion are really memorable.
  Yes, sir.
  In the line, too.
  I don't think they've had a good stanchion game.
  So yeah.
  So maybe if we start fetishizing the stanchions.
  Sounds like us.
  That will put it out into dis Twitter.
  And then in like 20 years, Disney will start selling them.
  Sure.
  Eventually, we'll get there where they monetize this.
  Oh, because they have like the bats on the stanchions at Haunted  Mansion, I think you get as like a wine stopper.
  Oh, really?  Or as like decorative.
  Well, they have been monetizing the stanchions.
  So some stanchions, maybe.
  But not these.
  But these are new stanchions.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're going to get yelled at.
  They have been monetizing the stanchions.
  You call yourself theme six years in theme park podcast?  You don't know about the monetization of the stanchions?  If someone's saying that phrase, they aren't capable of being as aggressive as you're being.
  That voice would not match that statement.
  They don't have as much tea, you're saying?  You haven't even talked about the Disney 100 ears, the drippy ears that look gross.
  Oh, the drippy ears.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We don't have time to talk about it in this episode.
  Not out of time.
  Another big moment for me in this ride, and I don't know if you guys had the same thing,  but I had not really spoiled it for myself in terms of what the ride mechanism is.
  I assumed that it was a railway.
  I'd heard that Goof, well, that's a big moment that the doors swing open and Goofy is,  like he's talking to you from the front car.
  But then I really took it on faith at the beginning that I had no reason not to assume  that this is a train that all moves together as one piece.
  I think I knew it was trackless, but I still thought maybe these are connected somehow.
  You could still explore wherever in the rooms.
  So it genuinely was a surprise to me that all of the cars being in a row like a train  is made up.
  It's sold by the fact that they move and have slack similar to a train would be.
  Then Mickey crashes into a switch, Goofy goes one way, every car splits off,  goes every other which way.
  Oh my God, this is not a train at all.
  This is a trackless vehicle.
  It's in the realm of rise of the resistance and who knows what these vehicles can do.
  It's a really exciting moment.
  Really delightful.
  There's like three things in there that I was just delighted by.
  The swinging open of the window with Goofy.
  That was really fun.
  The trackless ride thing.
  I feel like I've read reviews of rides and people go like, why is this track?  Why does this have to be trackless?  It's not using the form at all.
  This very clearly pretty fun splitting apart.
  All dancing together is really fun.
  And then another.
  This anti-ride, I hate that.
  It doesn't use the form at all.
  One car goes one way, another car goes up the other way.
  You have different views.
  No, no, I think this is a good or like the Efteling is a very good use of it where the  rides split off and go on their own.
  I saw the video that pointed out that's maybe a better like probably the ultimate  trackless dark ride is that all the vehicles all have completely different experiences.
  Yeah.
  But it's still pretty new.
  This anti-rise thing is spreading and I'm right here.
  I meant more like in general when a ride is trackless.
  It's like, oh, does it use the full?  Did you say rides?  Not rides.
  I said rides.
  Sorry.
  Scott's hearing things.
  I'm just ready to pounce.
  I was going to make the point.
  I think it's the wrong system for a ride to use.
  Interesting.
  The third thing, I think the voice acting on these shorts in general, but especially  this ride is so great.
  This ride has legitimately funny moments.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  When Mickey hits the railway switch, he's like screaming.
  He's a real neurotic every man in these kinds of shorts.
  And then at the very end, there's a moment where Minnie is just screaming at full volume.
  And I was just like, this is fun.
  This is really fun.
  They're all great.
  In so many, it is the new Mickey, who I'm going to butcher the name if I try to say it,  but it's that actor who's in the, he's one of the new Three Stooges.
  He's Moe in the, I've actually seen Stooges.
  Oh, I did see that.
  He's fantastic.
  His Mickey in general is so great.
  But then it's not as if they recast everybody because it's the classic people.
  This ride is Rucy Taylor who's passed away since, but it is like the Minnie that it's  been for most of our lives.
  And they just get fresh angles out of her.
  Everybody, Bill Farmer, Goofy, all the people who have been doing it forever are just top  of their game in this version.
  And Daisy's Tress McNeil.
  She is so great.
  I think they've never had an angle on Daisy besides, Daisy has always been like Minnie  but Duck.
  And now this Daisy is like, she's demented.
  You get into that dance studio and you're like, I don't like where this is going.
  I am uneasy about what the plans are.
  I heard, did you, this is again, too late in the podcast to start taking tangents,  but I have to say this because I, when I went to see a live read of The Simpsons,  courtesy of Mitch, when he used to work on The Simpsons, I was awesome to see everybody  do the voices, but I was like, oh, it's Tress McNeil.
  And she did two lines.
  And again, I like lit up even more than seeing almost anybody else.
  Even Dan Kesslin, I do Homer live, which is insane.
  But Tress McNeil, two lines out of it, like out of there, not maybe immediately, but  Tress McNeil, John Lovett said he auditioned for Saturday Night Live with Tress McNeil.
  And you heard this anecdote and Lauren said, oh, Tress McNeil was the best one.
  Too old.
  What?  Maybe 37 or 38 at the time.
  Wow.
 No, I have not heard that.
  Oh, yes.
  This is fresh information SNL, red meat for us nerds.
  I forget there was another woman he said he auditioned with too that I think did really  well, but I believe specifically Tress McNeil did the best out of anybody because there's  something with Tress McNeil who we're talking about who does so many voices on The Simpsons  and she's dot on Animania.
  All these voices.
  She's so funny.
  And sometimes you go, oh, maybe somebody's voice is just funny, but she's a groundling  and clearly a great performer.
  Must have been her own.
  Has the chops, has the instincts.
  And she got back far with SNL.
  That made me so mad.
  I think in that same time, Lynn Stewart, who is Miss Yvonne on Pee-wee.
  Oh, maybe.
  Who's maybe a little older.
  I think it's all might have been the spot that Jan Hooks got.
  And I like Jan Hooks a lot.
  Yeah, I like Jan Hooks.
  This is all what a.
  But to hear that story, I was like kind of mad for a, I was like, that's awful.
  I just had to wait for a millennial to create a cartoon and just lay down the law of the  lead is Tress McNeil.
  OK.
  The lead voice is Tress McNeil.
  I don't care what famous actor of the five famous actors you remember.
  You want to be the lead, but it's Tress McNeil.
  So yeah, she's Daisy now, which is great.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's even that that's like with no other choices, just giving.
  We're throwing that ball to the greatest living voice actress possibly.
  Probably, I think.
  Sure.
  So great.
  I mean, we can we can jump around, but I.
  Basically become like the track, the switches flipped and now every car is going every which  way.
  It's up to Mickey and Minnie to try to save you and corral the train cars.
  I think the ride does a really great job of like, there's always the issue of you need  to have your adventure, but the characters are having their adventure and it's hard to  make all those things combine.
  And I think this and Goofy is kind of his own plot, although we just lose him for most  of it.
  But I think it does the spread does a great job of it's everybody's story.
  You're part of what they're doing or part of what you're doing.
  And it's and it's not doing the thing I've complained about lately where other people  have put it better or more articulately.
  There's so much going on around you that there's plenty of stuff to look at, depending on  what you want to look at.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which is I like that better than when you're pointed at stuff again, except for the  Yeah, which is they perfectly pointed at the perfect amount of information.
  Full performance in the tear jerking scene.
  Yeah, no, every I think you'd never get tired of look because even like, yeah, just unimportant  stuff whizzing by looks neat and is for you could just I'm going to go on this this time  on this ride.
  I'm only staring at stuff that doesn't matter.
  I think you'd have a great time.
  Yes, for sure.
  But you're in this old West scene.
  That's really fun.
  They really like start showing you the tricks.
  They're trying to lasso you and struggling to do so.
  Then you go into this carnival scene that's jaw dropping.
  We referred it's as if it's like, yeah, it's like there's nothing happening on the walls  and then it all turns on.
  I think what we are looking at for a lot of it is just different percentages of this.
  A lot of this is painted and this is permanently what it is.
  And it's just really bright and lit to where it looks like a cartoon.
  Yes.
  And then so seamlessly blended in our projection spots.
  But then you've got other rooms where it has to be the entire wall that's projected.
  Right.
  And you're also like, where are these projectors coming?  Sometimes I saw a video that was slowed down that pointed out, all right, they're up there  in the ceiling hidden, but it's all short throw projectors so they can just hit from  really particular angles.
  But still at the best resolution you've ever seen of visual images in front of you.
  Yes.
  So I have a moderately priced projector that I've used in the backyard on a white sheet  and the light is not strong.
  It's tough.
  You got to love those lumens.
  It's got to be dark.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And I got a higher lumen, amount of lumens than the cheapest projectors,  but still it's got to be pretty dark for that.
  So imagining like a fairly dark room projecting, that just has to be the most.
  Good to get at that.
  How many lumens must it take?  Next time I go on this thing, I'm going to find a cast member and go like, hey,  pretty good ride you got here.
  How many lumens?  Will Jim and Len look into how many lumens each projector has?  Please, I'm begging them.
  The lumen count, guys.
  I mean, if they could just hit up all the AMCs in the LA Burbank area too.
  Like some of those are the lumens.
  You want Jim and Len to go investigate the AMC Burbank?  I mean, it would be great.
  I a few times have been like.
  I think we know the answer.
  I kind of want to go talk to someone.
  Lumens are low.
  The 16?  The 16, I think, is actually operating pretty well.
  Sure, and there's obviously the higher resolution theaters that have more lumens.
  And recliners.
  Right, but you're saying with the six.
  That has nothing to do with anything.
  You're saying the six and the eight have bad lumens.
  Oh, the six and the eight have pretty bad lumens.
  Yeah, they try to trick you in those with the recliner.
  And then you're like, what?  I am squinting.
  Another thing.
  You know what else doesn't have recliners?  Forever Dog Studios.
  We're here sitting upright, stressing our backs.
  We want to be able to do this thing all the way.
  Yeah, we want to recline.
  If we're going to do a podcast for three hours talking about Mickey and Minnie's  runway railway, then.
  We're racing now.
  What's just important stuff to get?  OK, another jaw dropper to me.
  Love this sequence.
  You end up in like a Hawaiian lagoon with cliffs and waterfalls.
  Here's a big rock wall.
  You watch Minnie and Minnie fly into a plant.
  The plant rustles and they poke out of it.
  They want to help you.
  But then you're careening.
  They warn you about a waterfall, right?  When exactly when you're going to go down the waterfall, every car goes into a little  pot.
  You're all in your own little simulator dome where you like great fun little waterfall  sequence.
  Then you come out, you turn around, you are now underwater.
  But you were looking at the same room you entered that is now projected 100 percent  different.
  But it's all the same set pieces and they all look like that plant that Mickey and Minnie  flew into is now kelp.
  And the cliff walls are now underwater rocks.
  It takes you a second to like, wait a minute, and how do they do that so quickly?  Is that the same wall?  It's got to be because there's only one way to go here.
  I'm blown away by that.
  For a second, because it sort of goes into a that might be because you go off a waterfall  and it's sort of a very familiar theme park trick of like it makes you feel like you're  shooting far down.
  But really you're just seeing a video or whatever.
  And that part I remember being like, oh, oh, kids will enjoy this part.
  This part doesn't do so much for a sophisticated writer like myself.
  And then it turns around and the whole room is different.
  I go, OK, well, that's now we were in a little box and now we're OK.
  You got me.
  The giant different rooms are really something I like when you come around, you come out  of something and there's just a city.
  There's just a full city scene happening.
  Yeah, it's so busy.
  It looks like the horizon goes forever.
  Tons of cars racing by.
  Yeah.
  And then you go into a factory and Mickey gets stuck.
  I always liked when characters got stuck in the gears and the machines and stuff.
  I always liked that as a kid.
  Yeah.
  Still holds up.
  I do have a question coming out of that scene because when I was trying to watch  videos of them back to back, is there kind of like a weird dark tunnel at the Disneyland version?  Like it seemed like in the Florida version, you come out of the factory  and you're right at that picnic ending.
  That's correct.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, they somehow it ends different.
  The room is flipped like Mickey and Minnie are on the left in one version, on the right  in the other.
  OK.
  Yeah, I think the unload is different.
  So they have to get you to some.
  And I think they added animation of Goofy to cover it.
  I see.
  So yeah, that is different.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's a thing I really like.
  And they really tread it the line very carefully here.
  The big headed Mickey and Minnie that are three dimensional but have projections on it  that you see in the car at the beginning, you see at the picnic at the end.
  I think they're cute.
  I think those are great.
  And those could have also looked very uncanny valley, just like big head Mickey.
  That's true.
  That could have been horrifying if they didn't do it right.
  But I think it navigates the two dimension to two and a half dimension, three dimension  pretty well.
  Yeah.
  For most of this ride.
  Not completely.
  The room, the dancing room with Daisy, I really like.
  Great.
  That's where I think it's fun just to see what the cars can do, what the ride vehicle can do.
  I know that these ride vehicles are like, they're a little bit updated, I think,  technology from like Pooh's Honey Hut and Ratatouille.
  And I think they can move faster than those can actually.
  And maybe even Rise.
  I'm not sure if that's the same one.
  But I almost wish there was another room like the Daisy room in it.
  But that's kind of a gripe.
  But it's like, I don't know, it's just a small room.
  It's the intimacy, I think.
  But it's almost like it's fun to have kind of that variation where all of a sudden  you're in a small room and you're doing kind of fun stuff.
  Just scale wise, it's fun to go back and forth between the two.
  And you pause.
  You're like, we're going to have a wall facing a wall.
  And it's not about moving forward and getting to the next thing.
  Yeah.
  And some of it, I think, if you have never been on like Trackless Ride,  if you've never been on like Pooh's Honey Hut or something,  the first time we went on that ride, it blew my mind in the same way you're talking about.
  Where like the car splits apart and you get like all these different tricks  because they're very similar to some of the stuff they do on that Pooh ride.
  So like if you're going out for the first time and you've  gone on the traditional dark rides, all this stuff is so cool.
  And yeah, I don't know, there's two parts, two thoughts.
  I'm losing my mind a little bit.
  I still haven't caught up on sleep.
  I can't imagine you would have.
  My eye is twitching right now, honestly.
  The right one.
  I've been twitching too.
  What's happening?  Are we?  It's usually lack of sleep or I think sometimes if you're over caffeinated,  which I am not today.
  No, I'm not either.
  I'm asleep.
  So it's sleep then.
  Sleeping great too.
  I don't know.
  Oh, well then I don't know.
  Something else.
  I know.
  I better have my eye checked out.
  My eye just twitches when I'm tired.
  Yeah, but well, and the switch of the dance, like now we've established waltz  and then all of a sudden conga, which is much more jerky and crazy.
  It's almost like all these flowers come out of nowhere in the room.
  Sofa.
  What a delightful, you're just laughing at that.
  Just from a writing perspective, that reminded me of such like an old Mickey  or old Looney Tunes gag.
  Just the mention of waltz and conga back to back.
  I was like, I feel like that was always a thing that characters would get up into  antics where they would end up dancing a very funny dance that as a child, I'm like,  I don't really know what these things are, but it's funny when Bugs Bunny does it.
  You know, like a machine would make somebody do it.
  Like now, oh yeah, manipulating a character.
  They're into congaing and they don't want to be.
  The Beetlejuice is kind of like that.
  Simpson's always watching a movie or something where like some kid, a college kid, shoots  people.
  Oh, with a ray that, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And then they're all dancing against their will.
  That's fun.
  That's when the daisies making you do that.
  She's forcing a dance on all these people.
  Sure.
  Really fun.
  And then that final scene, that park at the end after the factory is another  incredible like, oh yeah, all in the, in a, like in a second, it becomes a different type  of from chaotic, scary factory with something called the Smasher to a serene park.
  One set piece moves down, something else rises up and it goes from being like a,  I don't know, some just some industrial piece to a merry-go-round.
  Yeah.
  It's lovely.
  And then that, like that final scene is just like oddly gentle and serene for having come  out of a really hectic ride.
  And lasts a while too, which is almost, it's similar to the, what they did to the snow white  ride, even though there's a lot less time on that ride, but the end of, have you been on it yet?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  I love the ending of it now.
  And it's another thing where they like give you a nice, like calm, fun, peaceful, not even fun,  I'll say, just calm and nice.
  And it's, that's the way out of it.
  And not all rides need to be that way, but it's fun.
  It's nice to see that on some of them.
  And this one really feels like you're in, like living the like perfect happy ending of all the  cartoons.
  Yeah.
  I think, cause the week I was down there, Ratatouille had just opened in Florida.
  So doing this in Ratatouille, back to back, obviously this one much, much more advanced,  but tonally this is more joyful and goofy.
  And Ratatouille is just kind of like, oh, this is a nice, serene is probably the right word,  nice French, like you feel like you're in Paris and there's a little bit of antics  cause you're running, you know, under all the kitchen appliances and stuff, but it's like,  oh, a nice pleasant vibe that lasts a little bit, you know?  So it's all, you know, we have been shitting on Disney recently,  but it's just because we want more of it.
  We want as many of these as possible because God knows they got it.
  These are like great rides recently.
  I mean, this is one of the best things in any of these parks.
  And it's from the last three years.
  I just want more.
  That's all.
  They're so great.
  They're such down there.
  I think it's a cycle they get into a lot where they get like a big ride out,  like a runaway railway or radiator Springs racers.
  And then for a few years after that, they just coast on like,  hey, there is a new rice dish at the food festival sheds.
  Like, they just coast on that or merchandise and stuff.
  Or like, I understand that they have to pay off this ride.
  I know that like they want to try and make a little money before they do the next big ride.
  But we certainly were conditioned to expect big rides a lot faster growing up in the 90s.
  You know?  Yeah.
  Well, when you get them at Universal more so lately,  it just depends on who's got that big pile of money.
  Maybe it won't be Disney again for a while, but I'm glad when they get it.
  They have the pile, pay the cast members, whatever they're at,  like the dollar more they're asking for and build some rides.
  Truly, it would not take much out of the bottom line if they did just those two things.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because look, these rides that are exciting, we're excited.
  This has been very positive.
  If I could close out with one thing, Jordan, I have a little video of this is a special  that a clip from a special of people who were pretty excited about the ride.
  This is an interview with Charita Carter who's doing the Princess and the Frog,  the Splash Mountain redo, but some Disney channel folks, including somebody named Milo.
  I think they're all from the movie Zombies and they came to check out this ride.
  And I just really like for it being this very earnest cartoon situation, like who they paired,  who they like the vibe of this guy compared to the vibe of the ride.
  Do we have it?  Do we have that video Jordan?  This is the very first scene in our attraction.
  This is where Mickey and Minnie are getting together to go on the perfect picnic.
  We're very proud of it.
  And I can tell you this is just the beginning.
  Okay.
  I hear there's a piece of Disney history on the ride.
  There sure is.
  And I'd love to show you.
  Come with me.
  Charita, Charita.
  Yo.
  So you know.
  That's pretty much.
  And it's a great place to have a picnic.
  Okay.
  I'm listening.
  They should have had Kyle's character from Smash do this.
  Yeah.
  That feels very much of a piece with Disney adventures pairing like,  look, John Malkovich is on the cover and he's hanging out with Stitch.
  Okay.
  So your new movie takes us inside the or in the line of fire.
  Okay.
  Yo.
  Stitch wants to know what is it like being you because didn't get the movie at all.
  So yeah.
  Hey, I'm as excited as Cool Milo.
  That was the name of that clip.
  I named the file Cool Milo.
  And you know, for anybody from little kids all the way up to the coolest of Milo's  Runaway Railway is for you.
  It's a winner.
  It's so great and fun to talk about something we're super excited about.
  You survived podcast the ride and thank you,  Jordan Katz at Forever Dog for producing this episode.
  It's an episode you can watch on the Forever Dog YouTube channel.
  If you, you know, listen to it and then immediately go back and watch it.
  Yeah, it's always.
  Yeah, both.
  Y'all catch so many little things that second time things like, oh, that part.
  I didn't know we're 46 minutes in that Scott sift a coconut LaCroix.
  That's right.
  I wouldn't have caught that just in the audio one.
  Carlson's eye starts twitching around an hour and 15 and it's really alarming.
  It's really weird.
  It's a drinking game to figure out who is whose eyes are twitching.
  Yeah, watch them age rapidly within the episode.
  And you can find us on the socials at podcast the ride for three bonus episodes  every month.
  Check out podcast the ride, the second gate or get one more bonus episode on our new tier club.
  Three.
  You will find all that at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  It's full of great content, content that is great for child and for daddy.
  That's me.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on  Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
