 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Well, welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate on Ice.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined for these capades by Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  And Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I'm here for the capades.
  This was a question I had right away and when catching up on these materials is a capade  something and what I have determined is it is not anything.
  Yeah, there's no, was this invented for this event?  I think so.
  Well, I think what it is is a play on escapades, but it is ice capades.
  Oh, wow, I didn't actually think about that.
  We've heard this phrase our whole life, but I never really meditated on it.
  I just heard capades and thought it was like trials or championships.
  I thought like, well, you must be really good if you make it into a capade.
  Well, because ice capades are, they were much older than I thought they were.
  Oh, yeah.
  And they ended much longer ago than I thought.
  They went out of business.
  I thought, oh, the ice capades must still be around.
  Surely not the case.
  Like, yeah, in about 30 years.
  I also thought that for sure the ice capades were still going on.
  Mid 90s.
  Yeah, gone.
  We'll get into, yeah, it seems like you guys did too, maybe I found some interesting ice  capades stuff, but what we're focusing on here and delightfully so is, well, let me  read how this is where the topic came from.
  This is a Twitter suggestion from Nick Topolos, who I met at Tamoshanter, correct?  Right, Nick?  That was you.
  OK, well, hi, if that's the case.
  Anyway, with Super Nintendo Land and the Mario Brothers movie coming out in 2023, I can think  of no more topical thing to cover than the Super Mario Brothers at the ice capades 1989  featuring Jason Bateman, Alyssa Milano and Mr.
 Belvedere as Bowser.
  Great thing to see in the replies.
  Done and done.
  Don't have to twist our arms.
  So delighted by this and as a prerequisite for this episode, you may want to watch this  clip.
  It's a lot less daunting than other things that we might send you to.
  This is, I believe, a seven minute sequence.
  So give it a watch.
  We're back.
  We're in the range, I think, of Letterman Green Goblin in terms of like a nice, nice,  easy runtime.
  And similarly, well, hey, it's like a really stupid thing with a really good actor, I guess.
  I'm going to think a good actor.
  Yeah, a big green guy, like kind of for children.
  It's very dumb and fun.
  I love this thing.
  Yeah, it's right up our alley.
  It's another one of those things where you're like, I don't know how we didn't know about  this our whole lives.
  I didn't at least.
  I don't know if you've ever seen it before.
  I did.
  I and I might have mentioned it on the show with this context that I remember this being  a big video, at least in my estimation, kind of right when Internet video was starting  to happen, like even pre YouTube.
  I remember I go to something called I film that would collect kind of odd bullshit like  we probably all had what ours was before it all got codified into YouTube.
  But I remember being either way, it was while I was in college and I was so thrilled like,  oh my God, I've been waiting for this forever for like receptacles for just bizarre.
  Like I just always wanted to be on the receiving end of like found footage and weird like this  was on a tape and which seems so quaint now.
  Now we just have everything we always want right at our disposal.
  But this was the thing that made me go.
  Yes, we are heading into a great era.
  I've never heard of this.
  I can watch this on my computer.
  Cracking your knuckles, booting up your real player.
  Yeah, probably an insane file format that no one remembers.
  I used to you try to figure out different play like movie players to play certain files  that you had.
  You like downloaded trailers when you downloaded the spy who shagged me teaser.
  Right.
  I remember in college learning about like I did not fully know what MP3s were.
  And someone's like, oh, here's how you import all your music off CDs into Windows Media  Player.
  And by the time I finally did that a week later, someone's like, oh, iTunes is available  on PCs now.
  But I didn't know enough about like control all select files, drag to iTunes.
  So I re imported them all, like just destroyed a Gateway PC probably by doubling up on like  MP3 files.
  Oh, and I have two thoughts here.
  We'll get back to your thought, but I have to quick quick.
  OK, wait.
  So you didn't have a period where you were using like Winamp and MP3s for like a couple  years before iTunes came into play?  Uh, no.
  Scott?  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, you were the Winamp era.
  Uh huh.
  I know you're on the galaxies and you're right.
  Yeah, it was that kind of awkward time before it got corporate.
  It was like senior year in high school for me where it was like, did you know you can  download every song you want for free?  And you're like, doesn't seem legal, but like there was a Wild West.
  No one knew exactly what was going on.
  And running through sick visualizers.
  All of the visualizers were the greatest.
  I would just come home from school.
  I would play like Cake the Distance on Winamp and I would visualize it and I'd get an instant  messenger and talk for three hours to people I just saw at school.
  Yeah, those are the different.
  You know you're a 2000s kid.
  Yeah.
  People are getting all the feels from what I just said right now.
  I would know.
  My routine was come home, watch an hour of Kids in the Hall on Comedy Central, which  I did for years.
  Even senior year?  Uh, it might have stopped by that point.
  OK.
  Yeah, even senior year.
  I would get on instant messenger eventually.
  I don't think I had a full account until like 10th grade or so.
  But I would come home and I would read comic book news and message boards and stuff.
  Senior year?  For years.
  OK.
  Why are you holding him to the fire on senior year?  I'm just wondering, because what he's saying seems like it would be more of a freshman  or sophomore year.
  I don't know why that is.
  Freshman year, we had no internet in the house.
  And then senior year, I remember helping my dad boot up the.
.
.
  There were those crucial years.
  We got internet like in eighth, my eighth, when I was eighth grade, I think.
  And then like kids came over and they like downloaded a naked picture from my computer  and I was like not looking because I didn't want to get in trouble.
  No.
  Yeah.
  You turned away from the screen.
  I believe I literally turned away from the screen.
  It might have been like a Pamela Anderson in Playboy picture and I wouldn't look at  it because I was.
.
.
  Are they trying to get you to and you won't turn around?  I think so.
  But it's your computer?  Yeah, downstairs.
  Yeah.
  So then are you like, guys, you have to get this out of here.
  Whatever.
.
.
  I don't remember.
.
.
  Whatever system you have to run, we have to defrag the whole thing.
  Well, that's funny.
  I probably was protesting, but my friend had that happen basically where like his mother  searched the computer and he called me one day and he was like so despondent.
  He's like, they found out what I was looking at.
  This was a couple of years later.
  And then he like walked over to my house and I remember him just like head down like he  had been like chastised by his mother.
  Can I look at boobs here?  Can I boot up the stuff website?  It's interesting.
  The old internet is.
.
.
  I've fond memories of it mostly.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Except for.
.
.
  But except for the.
.
.
  The day of the nudity.
  Except for the like airbrushed Pamela Anderson Playboy photo from 1992.
  Not what her body was.
  It took an hour to load in my eighth grade.
  And I was like, get this off here, you guys.
  To get to this specifically, and I do love.
.
.
  What a great excuse to talk about this thing because it is.
.
.
  This is the month of Super Nintendo and we may have been already, listeners might have  been already or you're about to go.
  But here we get to talk about maybe the first iteration of a Mario themed experience that  you could go to a place and experience.
  I could be wrong, but in ads for the Ice Capades, they are pretty specific about this is exclusive  for the first time anywhere.
  Mario and Luigi Live.
  So without this, we don't get to the big universal version that we have so many years later.
  That's true.
  This is the baby.
  This is the birth of it, I guess.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So this, the full context here, this is a sequence from a much longer special that I  think.
.
.
  Oh, wait, is it ABC?  I might be.
.
.
  I'm not sure about the network, but either way, the special is called the Ice Capades  with Jason Bateman and Alyssa Milano.
  It aired on December 7th, 1989, a date which will live in infamy.
  And I had only seen this clip in context or out of context, not knowing the full thing.
  But three weeks ago, I had no idea that this entire special was uploaded to YouTube.
  Oh, right.
  And I watched the whole thing the other night.
  It's a delight.
  If you want to go deep diving on this, I would recommend the entire thing because you get  pretty good ice skating, really good physical comedy routines.
  I guess I had no memory of what the Ice Capades were or what else there was or what's happening  while they're changing the big sets.
  But there's this whole routine with a conductor who's like.
.
.
  It's a really spastic physical comedy routine where he's attached to the ground so he's  able to just swing back and forth and flail wildly.
  And then there's a cop who interrupts a couple's skate that's really good.
  The whole special is fun.
  I'll bring up a couple of other things from it.
  But obviously it doesn't reach the heights of this Mario sequence, which is so fun.
  Did you guys ever go to this, to what we've talked about?  Such as on ice.
  But no, you don't recall going to the Ice Capades.
  Never.
  We went to Disney on Ice and Sesame Street Live.
  Those were the big.
.
.
  But that wasn't on ice.
  That was on floor.
  That was on floor.
  Sesame Street on floor.
  I would catch.
.
.
  We would watch them on TV every now and then.
  It was kind of hard to escape figure skating in the 90s in terms of TV programming.
  It was very popular.
  Sure.
  A lot of various.
.
.
  It became, besides the Olympics and the popularity of that, of the Winter Olympics, there were  a lot of Disney specials.
  There were Disney fantasy on ice type specials and stuff like that.
  Was this the 50th?  That's what I was watching.
  Which year is that?  It seems to have aired as a special for at least three years in a row.
  I think the next year might have been.
.
.
  They might have actually saved the 50th branding for that.
  But I am wondering if we need to go further diving into the Ice Capades.
  That's immediately what I thought.
  I watched The Simpsons.
  The Simpsons family.
  Big Stuff Simpsons.
  That's the next year.
  The Simpsons.
  Yeah.
  The big Simpsons are walking around.
  It's incredible.
  The stuff Tomer trying to do, the choking Bart gag is very.
.
.
  There's a lot of funny stuff on it.
  Yeah.
  Choking Bart physicalized in an arena with commentary from host Peter Scolari.
  Peter Scolari.
  That's the one I was watching.
  Host Peter Scolari.
  And he does a couple things in it.
  That's branded 50th anniversary.
  Yeah.
  That one's more the proper 50th.
  The year before that, I didn't watch much of this one, but hosted by Kirk Cameron featuring  appearances from Rita Moreno, the Jets, the Smurfs, and the California Raisins.
  So Mario might just be the tip of the iceberg in terms of bizarre branding that happened  at the Ice Capades, which is part of its whole history because we've talked about it before.
  I forgot this little bit of history that Disneyland, when it opened, would not have had costumed  characters of Mickey and Minnie and everybody except that they borrowed them from the Ice  Capades.
  They realized that need right before opening, thus resulting in these bizarre chopped up  face versions of the characters.
  So that skaters could see.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's why they're so huge and why the sight lines are.
.
.
  Why do they have big triangles out of the peripheral vision?  Right.
  It wasn't.
.
.
  They weren't like wounds.
  Yeah.
  See?  Yeah.
  It looks like they had like moles removed due to sun damage.
  Mousetrap, I always fall for it.
  It's just cheese laying out and I always fall for it.
  No matter how many times.
  No matter how many times.
  You're smart, Mickey.
  I have six holes in my head.
  On the 50th anniversary, when I.
.
.
  It feels like we could do a whole podcast, like a year long podcast on the Ice Capades,  maybe.
  Maybe not a year, but like six months.
  Six months, yeah.
  But it definitely was like, oh yeah, okay, wow, this is all this shit that we want to  talk about.
  It's great when you find areas that keep us going, all right, we found more oil.
  You get a little juice.
  You get a little juice.
  And on the 50th, they're going through their lineup of people and I'm mixing up clips too,  because there's one with the Flintstones.
  Did you see that?  Flintstones doing some sort of like tap, like one singular sensation type of a number where  you're like.
.
.
  There is my night.
  Like why is this in the show?  Yogi Bears and that up here.
  But I think it's the 50th where they're going through the list of people and then they go  featuring like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, Dave and Joey.
  And there's two clowns and I go, ooh, who are Dave and Joey?  And then if you go through it and you're watching and Peter Scalari explains that there were  two legends of the Ice Capades, two other clown legends, Bitty and Batty, and that Dave  and Joey are the kids of Bitty and Batty.
  So Dave and Joey.
.
.
  Second generation ice clowns?  Ice clowns.
  You search them, you can't find it.
  Like immediately if you search them, it doesn't come up.
  So they're not particularly famous unless I just was searching the wrong thing.
  But.
.
.
  Well, these specials take a lot of time to explain stuff to you.
  From what I could tell off the Kirk Cameron one and this one, the whole thing, the device  in this one is Jason Bateman explaining everything to Alyssa Milano.
  Mansplaining you might say.
  For some reason, Alyssa Milano does not know anything about the Ice Capades and he knows  every single performance.
  Like, you don't know them?  You got to know them.
  And you don't know Nintendo?  All right, here's what it is.
  There's King Koopa.
  He's called himself what?  The Video Prince?  The Video Prince.
  You haven't played since then?  No, I haven't.
  He's called himself what?  The Video Prince?  The Video Prince.
  You haven't played since you played with the Video Prince?  Really strange.
  Yeah, he barely talks.
  But I guess just to say, I think like maybe the reason that these specials are this way  that they're so explainy is because no one outside of this organization knows any of  this.
  We better spoon feed it.
  Kirk Cameron really talked to everybody like they're in third grade.
  So yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
  But yeah, I was like, oh, there's a whole world here of like, yes, second generation  clown skaters, hobo, like specifically, maybe hobo clown skaters.
  Oh, well, that's a big little tramp Charlie Chaplin derived like hobo skaters.
  Yikes.
  Oh, my God.
  And we have to go to like, there's got to be a Hall of Fame.
  There's got to be a clown Hall of Fame, right?  Some secondary city secondary market talking about is the boat that the guy who owned  Bozo before David Arquette bought him, claimed he was in the Clown Hall of Fame, claiming  he was the first Bozo when he was not.
  And then he was removed from the Clown Hall of Fame when they realized that the error  and there was a big controversy.
  There was not only you immediately answered Jason's question.
  Yes, Jason, there is a Clown Hall of Fame and there's been it's been.
  There's a fraudulent one as well.
  It's like when we the when we talked about carnivals and such and there's like there  is a Carnival History Museum like in Florida about carnival.
  There's a Hall of Fame for a lot of things.
  Yeah.
  And most of them are like a closet in someone's house.
  There's not it's not like there's not a Cleveland Rock and Roll Hall of Fame type like building  for the Clown Hall of Fame.
  I don't think.
  Who knows?  Unless we're underselling it.
  Maybe people can tell us the Clown Hall of Fame is spectacular.
  Yeah, I don't think there's like a Jan Wenner of clowns that is like in kind of in charge  of it.
  And it's been so great our whole lives to hear all about Jan Wenner of these fascinating  these the the Titans of Rock, the Irving Azov's who is cooler than these names that we hear  about for and then it cuts to the guy.
  He's just a little angry guy who only talks about business.
  But he has another generation, right?  Isn't there another one?  Is there a son Wenner like the Clown children?  I don't know.
  Oh, I don't know.
  Is there a young one?  Another Azov.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  Jan Wenner child.
  Is he a skater?  Nice skater?  No, I just mean it's continuing.
  Oh, yeah.
  There's India Rose Wenner.
  There's Theodore Simon Wenner.
  Alex Alexander Jan Wenner and Gus Wenner.
  Yeah, we have two more too.
  The Wenner Nepo babies, the Clown Ice Capades Nepo babies.
  I was about to say we have not used the phrase Nepo babies yet on the podcast and yet with  our discussion of guys, it is certainly a related notion.
  Like, but you can't have guys without running into a couple of Nepo babies.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  And Jason's right.
  Dave and Joey are Nepo babies.
  Dave and Joey, the Hobo Clowns from the Ice Capades are Nepo babies.
  That was just.
.
.
  Sorry.
  That all played out.
  It's gonna burst your bubble.
  Yeah.
  The Nepo baby discussion.
  They had a leg up.
  They had a leg up.
  That was just a crazy like end of year.
  Like, oh, Christmas is coming.
  Let's squeeze in one more discourse.
  Let's rile everybody up.
  It's like when you eat at a nice restaurant and they bring you a little cookie or little  like candies afterwards.
  Ooh, more.
  A seize mint.
  Yeah, a seize mint.
  Exactly.
  Yeah.
  You made me forget or you may recall, I'm sorry, that when you said there's a Yogi Bear  thing, I forgot it made me laugh so hard when we were watching this the other night that  we found an ad for the Ice Capades is coming to Montreal.
  So it's all in French and they're mentioning who's going to be there like from Hanna Barbera.
  And then the phrase that they mentioned the Flintstones, but then they throw in Yogi Orse,  which is bear in French.
  I had to remind myself, Yogi Orse.
  They say it's so mean.
  The scariest.
  If I yelled that at my son, he would cry.
  Yogi Orse.
  If I need to punish him for any reason, that's the punishment.
  Just yell that.
  The local commercial, the commercials that are often embedded in some of this stuff are  really that's where the gold is.
  I mean, I don't even think we even got to it in the Discovery Zone, but one of the Discovery  Zone commercials had a tag at the end of like the local card of like new Discovery Zone  open in Las Vegas.
  Come meet Zbop and Ronald McDonald.
  And it's like, oh man, I wish there was footage of that.
  Ronald and Zbop.
  When they were all part of the McDonald's family.
  Well, actually, and speaking of that, here's the one other thing, didn't it?  This is like all if if as if I needed to fully prove that we need to do more Ice Capades.
  Here's the oh and one more thing.
  In 1973, there was an Ice Capades sketch called The Golden Hamburger Caper.
  Oh, I missed this.
  Starring the McDonald's gang.
  There was a McDonald's on ice in the early 70s.
  The Golden Hamburger Caper.
  The hamburgers were golden or the caper is golden.
  Well, the arches are golden for sure.
  Oh, right.
 That's why.
  Wow, there was were they like the full on like Croft ripoff look?  I think so.
  Yeah, I found a couple of pictures.
  That's kind of the vibe.
  Wow.
  OK, well, clearly more ice capades to do.
  But for now, we focus on I think I guess we will determine if they ever topped this moment.
  It's a very high bar.
  This this Mario sequence.
  This is so delightful.
  Where to begin?  We could just kind of go in order, I guess, and introduce these people as they come.
  As we were saying, there's Jason Bateman is has has a lot to get through to Alyssa Milano, who's clueless about all of it.
  Yeah, I would say, though, that this is this even with that, that this is a more chipper Jason Bateman than I am typically used to.
  It's kind of weird seeing him be earnest and smiley.
  Yeah, no, there's there's none of the the the now his brand snark.
  Right, right.
 I mean, you can see the hint of it.
  You can see the early version of it here.
  He's wanting to shake off the child star.
  Yeah, he's a little sarcastic and a little condescending, but it's not to the point.
  He knows like this is my bag.
  This is what it's going to be my meal ticket.
  Twenty five years later.
  Who was on who's the boss around this time?  Right.
 And what was his?  Well, he's in the Ricky Schroeder one.
  Right.
 So it was Silver Spoons.
  But then another one called the Hogan family.
  Yeah, because it was a one with Valerie Harper.
  Right.
 And then she left.
  There was going to tell you that I believe more than I know.
  Am I am I mixing up my Mike's wheelhouse, Valerie Harper, Hogan family.
  Am I crazy?  Now, people are yelling, of course, at their podcasting device.
  And I think in this case, they are not.
  I think nobody I think no one has the history of the Hogan family.
  Yeah, I believe I am correct that Valerie Harper left the Hogan family after the first season.
  Well, it's incredible then that he was able to still perform and do a good job in this special given the immense drama on the Hogan family.
  Yes.
 And I think maybe was she replaced by Sandy Duncan?  Oh, Scott's why does Sandy Duncan never go away?  God, she just circles like the crows that are circling the record right now.
  Anyway, it's the two of them and they are they're in pretty like Dawson, 80s sweaters.
  I don't always love to call that out, but both like it's a great like dull brown one and then a great like reveal some of the shoulder one.
  So they're in prime 1989.
  And in this particular moment, they've gone backstage and I'm not sure why, but there's a bunch of youths playing just Nintendo generically.
  Jason Bateman, you don't know Nintendo.
  You got to look at.
  Come on.
 You got to try Nintendo.
  Does he say, you know, I don't believe it.
  Nintendo was the things I don't believe it.
  Nintendo.
  Yeah, I could not see, by the way, a Nintendo entertainment system anywhere in this shot.
  Just the TV.
  Maybe not.
  Oh, yeah, that's possible.
  Is that am I crazy?  I'll double check that.
  That sounds correct.
  Well, I think in general, the understanding of what is happening with Nintendo on the part of the writers is a little not.
  I think I think there's some fuzziness.
  I would say they might not have been as into it or as knowledgeable.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because then we get an explanation of the stakes of Mario and it is this.
  OK.
  OK.
 We are in.
  Yes.
  I'm wrong.
 It's in the very left back of the frame.
  It's kind of obscured by people and bodies and stuff.
  OK.
 So Nintendo is reflected.
  The video Prince was right on that one.
  He explains we are in the mushroom.
  We're in the Mushroom Kingdom and we have to rent rescue Princess Toadstool from Bowser, the dastardly king of the Koopas.
  Now you see those things in our way right there.
  Those are the Koopa Troopas, the evil minions of Bowser.
  And at that exact second that he says that there are no Koopa Troopas on screen.
  It is definitely Goombas.
  And he and he says, and now and somehow we have to get around them.
  Which is really that's the big challenge.
  If you aren't a Mario fan, the big challenge is how do you possibly get around?  Somehow you have to get around the Koopa Troopas.
  Right.
  I don't know what method you guys use.
  I would just I never found one.
  They were the first one killed me and I never played.
  Yeah.
  I never made it past Mario one one.
  Yeah.
  Turned it right off.
  Yep.
  Right.
 Well, not my head and I accept the consequences.
  Went back to my Bible.
  It's the real recreation.
  So then but then things go awry.
  And I think I have the clip timed up for this.
  Let's let's meet the villain of the piece as the characters do because it's kind of a wobble on the screen.
  This is not your ordinary game of Nintendo.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
  It's a computer virus.
  It will release all the evil forces stored up in the computer.
  We know how evil they can be.
  Who could have done such a dastardly thing?  Koopa.
  Koopa.
  Hey, man, that looks like Mr.
 Belvedere.
  Don't you adore chaos?  No.
  Isn't the company divine?  No.
  Anyway, that's the I mean, what a I think this would be fun no matter who was Bowser,  but how spectacular that it's Mr.
 Belvedere of all people.
  Awesome.
  Yeah.
 Does he say isn't cacophony divine?  Yeah, I believe so.
  Is that really is that a sentence that I guess sounds like that's the character of Bowser.
  Right.
 He's oh, me.
  Oh, my.
  He's Dr.
 Smith from Lost in Space.
  Really?  Same same character.
  It's so good.
  Yeah.
  I'm trying to think.
 Yeah.
  Like put.
 Yeah.
  Around this time, who else?  I mean, anybody like John Ritter did it.
  Tony Danza was King Koopa.
  That would be good, too.
  Yeah, yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
  With this makeup on and.
  Inadvertently forward thinking.
  Who was talking in 1989 about getting computer virus on their entertainment on their Nintendo entertainment system?  Yeah, that's true.
  Sure, it's much easier to now with every video game system having to be connected to the Internet at all times.
  Well, it doesn't have to be.
  Oh, OK.
 Yeah, but it can be.
  Yeah.
 I mean, most are most are constantly on online, but you can turn it off.
  Not Jason's Jason's Jason's techno paranoid.
  When's the last time?  PlayStation 2.
  Whoa, Scott.
  We you.
  OK, Scott.
  More recent than Jason.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You missed you missed out on Winamp.
  You missed out on.
  Yeah, Jason is like 10 years behind every technology trend.
  Yeah.
  I well, so it's shining a light on issues.
  And then we get to see Mr.
  Belvedere, the great Christopher Hewitt, who maybe it has to be addressed as probably most famous today for the story of he crushed his balls.
  Yeah.
  I'm sad on them.
  Do you know the do you know the real story of this or do you like we could talk about where like what supposedly was.
  Yeah.
  But then I looked up the the truth.
  I don't think I do.
  I know a little bit because Patrick Monahan, Patty Mo on Twitter regularly brings up.
  Remember the time Mr.
  Belvedere sat on his balls and they had to shut down production for.
  Oh, good.
  I'm glad he keeps it in the consciousness.
  So this yeah, the story here.
  Supposedly it was that he was late for a table read and everybody's annoyed that he's late.
  And then he comes in as if it hadn't happened with a briefcase even goes are everyone.
  Hello.
 Hello.
  Good to see you.
  Ah, another episode awaits.
  What side jinx will the famous Mr.
  Belvedere get you?  And then that's how I always visualize.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And then that is the end of that table read.
  But there's actually there's a whole story here that Mel magazine got into in a really fun article because the problem here is that this story comes from the book gasping for airtime written by Jay Moore.
  And this is a story supposedly told to him by Adam Sandler.
  When Adam Sandler was doing a guest shot on Mr.
  Belvedere.
  Right.
  Problem is no such thing ever happened.
  And this is elsewhere in a book that is mostly him complaining about people of color getting on instead of him.
  Oh, great.
  And it's oh, it's a spectacular book.
  And that how he was Jay Moore's back was against the wall.
  And there was nothing he could do except steal someone's standup routine and transcribe it into a sketch, which aired.
  This happened.
  Wow.
  What later became a studio 60 plot line really did.
  And it was Jay Moore and the whole book is like, but what was I supposed to do?  There was no other read the book or you read.
  I've read the book gasping for airtime.
  But what year was that out?  I don't know.
  A while ago.
  Did you read it because you were like, these are just an SNL guy and you were interested in?  Yeah, I think so.
  I was like, you know, he's never specifically bothered me.
  I would like to know if I should be specifically bothered by J.
  Moore.
  And you got an answer is now I as anyone who reads the book would be, you end up specifically bothered by Jay Moore.
  Anyway, so story is a lie.
  So what's the actual deal?  Well, comedian Doug Benson eventually outs himself as the actual source of the story.
  Wow.
  But even that there's still a couple links in the chain because he lived with Rob Stone, who was the oldest son on Mr.
  Belvedere.
  OK.
  And Rob Stone comes home one day and says, guess what?  There's no show this week.
  You'll never guess why.
  But even then, the story isn't actually that it happened during a table read.
  And it's almost maybe even a little more fun.
  There was a Reddit AMA with somebody named Jay Abramowitz, who was a writer for Mr.
  Belvedere at the time.
  And he went on the record and said, no, no, no.
  What happened was Mr.
  Belvedere was in the Hollywood Christmas parade.
  And that's one of those parades where everybody's in a convertible and sitting up kind of on the body of the car and the car stopped unexpectedly.
  Oh, no.
  He fell down in such a way that his balls were in peril.
  Oh, poor Mr.
  Belvedere.
  Yeah, that really makes it not.
  I mean, that's one of those, you know, as with the Fabio story, which where they're trying to throw Fabio under the rug as if his big, brutish face crushes geese left and right.
  This, I think, was an unfair weight situation where, like, well, he's so large, you see, that he could.
  But I don't think he can't help that the car.
  Yeah, it was an accident.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I mean, it's look, I feel bad for him either way.
  But the car, that's not his fault.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He was in a car accident, basically.
  But anyway, then he came to work and still tried to carry on.
  But the pain was too much and they sent everybody home.
  So there were a few steps of this.
  When it's crazy that now we're talking about this on a podcast and there was a whole article about it because how it all started was there was a meeting in the Belvedere offices and somebody comes in and says, OK, don't tell anyone.
  But got to us knowing how the listeners knowing someone on the other side of the room is literally picking up a rotary phone before they're done the story and calling during the meeting.
  During the meeting, he's Morse code tapping the message.
  Mr.
 Belvedere crushed his balls.
  What do you mean, head of Hopper died years ago?  Does she have a nepo baby daughter I could speak to or son if there's a son?  It's the nearest hopper in the industry.
  Was there like a national inquirer at the time where it was like Belvedere sits on balls or like balls crushed in parade?  Like, was there something like that at the time?  I mean, I don't think anyone knew.
  I think it took this J.
  Moore book with the incorrect details for it.
  So I guess I thank him for I guess the story.
  Wow.
  Anyway, then another detail of this is that the some of the male writers on the staff spent the rest of the day trying to reproduce his accident.
  We all failed and were therefore skeptical of his explanation of the cause of the testicular discomfort.
  Try it yourself and please let me know if you succeed.
  OK, so they were thinking maybe he was lying about what happened.
  Yeah.
  So maybe we don't know the story.
  The truth is still out there.
  We'll never know.
  The man passed away 20 years ago at this point.
  Yeah, 2001.
  And unless he sent some final memo where he's like said a lot of beautiful thoughts about what it was, you know, what he learned from his life.
  Oh, and by the way, that little ball thing.
  Maybe it's like a Mark Twain situation where in like his estate will release it in 100 years after he's dead.
  And then we'll like we won't probably know.
  But the future, our great grandchildren will know what happened to Belvedere's balls.
  It's in the safe.
  It's in the Salinger safe where it's like, oh yeah, there's some more novels and stories.
  It's possible.
  Or like, yeah, like if you are.
  Hello, Mr.
  Binney's like doing a video.
  I'd like to let you know there's a story that's been going around about my balls.
  I want to tell you exactly what really happened.
  It is my hope that by this point, my acting legacy is why I'm primarily known.
  However, I suspect that it is made that my legacy is mainly the ball thing.
  I want to set the record straight.
  I was messing around with the elf puppet on the other soundstage.
  And my greatest regrets.
  Never playing key Richard the third and messing around with that elf puppet and destroying my testicles.
  I was just trying to warm them with the puppet.
  I was not anything weird.
  Is the situation that the elf puppet somehow like clamped down on his hands?  Uh, here's what I was doing it.
  That might be the case.
  But my here's what I'm picturing.
  He put his balls in the place you put your hand on elf just to see.
  Well, that's ridiculous.
  Well, you think it's more you put his balls in else mouth.
  I think he put his hand in the hand and put his hand in his hand.
  The elf sucked his balls.
  And he didn't realize I think he thought he would be more restrained, but it actually probably gave him normal range of motion.
  He just like just yeah, over.
  Yeah, over extended.
  Elf puppet pulverizes balls.
  Where else are you?  I maybe side with Jason here because where else are you going to get the snap?  You're right.
  I didn't think it too far.
  I didn't think it far enough.
  And you were right.
  That's what you were right to get us on the elf territory.
  This we know is true.
  It's just a matter of details at this point.
  So yeah, maybe that's it.
  And he's gotten himself medical attention sooner, but he seems like a classically trained actor.
  So likely kept up the illusion of having a conversation with elf as they began the intimacy.
  He's having to do his voice and elf's voice.
  Right.
  That makes sense too.
  Yeah.
  So the paramedics were confused when they got there.
  How are you feeling at this point, elf?  Remember Mr.
 Shumway?  It does prop into my mind every now.
  Like when I finally saw Nope and the sitcom subplot going wrong in there, I was just like, oh, no, this is weird.
  Oh, no, this is worse than the time Mr.
 Belvedere sat on his balls.
  It's horrific.
  If that's what it had been.
  That's the dark flashback.
  You're seeing the kid watching something horrible hiding under a table.
  What's it going to be?  Well, well, we got down to the bottom of that.
  Now we know we found one more real story and it is out.
  He puts his hand in the puppet and then says to no one, ah, I'll find Mr.
 Belvedere time to create the ultimate 80s mashup.
  There's a show called The Goldbergs will relish the idea of this in 30 years.
  Only in the Goldberg writers wildest gene.
  He could see the future.
  So now we leave basically, you know, when there's that virus interruption and Bowser as played by Mr.
  Belvedere appears, it stays on the screen for a little while.
  But then we go full frame and then there's one more.
  There's the big gasp moment in this is when the full Nintendo or full Mario set is revealed.
  It's like, oh, my God, this rules.
  Wow.
 If you were at this and you were a kid at this time, you got to see this full perfect recreation of like a Mario one specifically.
  Mario.
 Yeah.
 Oh, my gosh.
  That would have been nuts.
 And it's like Mario back then and Mario now.
  I don't know if there's anything more universally loved.
  Everything is divisive.
 Everybody.
  People are mad about the Beatles being the best band.
  You see some of those takes were like, these are overrated, blah, blah, blah.
  I have never seen anybody say, by the way, you know, Mario is bad.
  I don't like Mario.
 Yeah.
  So I mean, even back then, every kid was obsessed with Mario basically.
  So I'm that I'm making two points, I guess, just back then everybody was obsessed with it and you'd be, oh, my God, it's Mario.
  This is crazy.
  Seeing it in the real world.
  That's true.
 That the Super Nintendo world gets to open without like, but why is it only based on the new games?  Right.
 Yeah.
  And by the way, if it was no problem.
  Yes, yes.
  Mario Galaxy land.
 Everybody be like, holy hell, yeah.
  They're really across the board.
  Everyone be like, this rule.
  It's crazy how that's happened.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They've never completely missed.
  I'm sure you have people have their favorite games that are better than others.
  But like you could literally it could be Mario Sunshine land, which I feel like is a more divisive Mario game on GameCube.
  People still be like, this is awesome.
  Yeah, I like that.
  I like the cart of sunshine is what I remember.
  The cart iteration was I thought was fun.
  Yeah, I love sunshine.
  I thought it was so much fun.
  Was that the one with the backpack with the like fire hose?  You were like cleaning up spills the whole time.
  I did play that a lot on like a friend system.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  A lot of fun with it.
  Yeah, I think the other I think Odyssey and Galaxy are better as far as newer games, even though sometimes probably 20 years old at this point.
  But still, yeah, any any of them, I think people would go nuts for maybe not Virtual Boy.
  That's true.
  If they had built a new land at Universal Studios and it was all black and red.
  If that was our Halloween Horror Nights overlaid.
  Oh, you fixed it.
  I mean, that'd be so scary.
  Yeah, virtual boy.
  What was the Mario?  Was it a Wario game for Virtual Boy?  I don't remember.
  I know there was like Mario tennis where a ball flies at you.
  There was.
  Yeah, but I think Wario.
  There was a launch title.
  I think I don't think it was a debt like a regular.
  It was Virtual Boy.
  There might not have been a proper land.
  Oh, OK.
  OK.
  Maybe the most like harm I've ever actively placed myself in was regularly hanging out in the Sears video game section, which is in the middle of the like young adult and boys close to the game.
  I know where the video game section is in the Sears.
  And that's where my mom, she was just like, I'm going to look around the Sears.
  Just hang out.
  You can hang out here if you want.
  Or you can come with me.
  It's like we're going to hang out with the video game.
  Of course.
  But the demo Virtual Boy that God knows how many people a day stuck their grubby, disgusting, kid facing.
  Yeah.
  Like it is amazing.
  I did not get like smallpox or walking pneumonia or something.
  I wanted that goddamn Virtual Boy so bad and I never got it.
  Yeah.
  I don't think you're missing out on much.
  I don't think so either.
  I think you're going to have now kids had a lot of headaches from it.
  Oh, yeah.
  But at the time I was like this is virtual reality.
  This is Jason.
  If you had ended up with like a perfect line of acne just in like goggle press on shape like exactly on that spot, I would I ended up with plenty of Scott.
  Thank you very much.
  Distributed evenly all over the face.
  It stuck around to like 2728.
  So I but I I don't think I wanted one.
  But I was intrigued by it.
  Just similarly intrigued by like the Game Boy printer, even though I knew like this is the stupidest thing.
  This is not going to last.
  And also like these the the stuff you have to buy for it.
  I'm like, they're not going to make this forever.
  What would you print on the Game Boy?  Like little Pete?  Well, there was Game Boy camera and there was Game Boy.
  Usually you're printing these like very pixelated.
  I never had that either thing.
  I had a Game Boy color, but I was fascinated by them.
  Yeah, but I was.
  Yeah, I mean, everybody.
  It's another words like everybody's basically a Nintendo fan because you probably at least had one console growing up or pretty incredible that Universal found and paid for a property that is one of the only.
  The keys on Earth, but is this way the approval Mario's approval rating has been 100 for 30 plus years like and yeah, and most of the other Nintendo stuff, too.
  But well, and that's also like when you look at like here, here I will show you a frame from this ice capades thing.
  And it is very, you know, like when you look at what once the characters show up, they have big creepy eyes.
  The brothers are rendered pretty bad.
  There's there's things you could complain about about this.
  But basically we're looking at a big colorful set of the castle and there's coins and the Green Hills and everybody's really, really happy.
  And this was in 1989 and now it's 2023 and the land is opening up and everybody's really, really happy.
  And it doesn't look that different than this.
  No, it's very similar.
  Yeah, no, it's true.
  It's three dimensional, but like they never had to like radically like, boy, we were getting Mario wrong back then.
  No, this is I mean, the only place they got it so wrong was the movie.
  The original movie, which is I felt like maybe it was something designed to destroy little kids brains in hindsight.
  I don't know.
 Maybe we maybe I don't know if we do an episode eventually about that, but I bought it for four dollars and I haven't watched it since I saw it in the theater.
  And I'm very curious.
  I think it's all opening weekend or something.
  Oh, absolutely.
 I was so excited about it because everyone had Mario fever.
  But yeah, I that that gets it perfect.
  Basically, like it looks like the video game that you showed me.
  I'm saying and you'll and there'll be complaints about the movie, the forthcoming animated movie, I'm sure.
  But among the complaints will not be it is a very cold, austere cyberpunk Blade Runner light made by incompetent music video directors.
  It's so weird.
  They're very nothing, basically nothing resembling the video game other than I guess the overalls and where there's like there's characters in it who I have learned were like, no, that was Yoshi or that was, oh yeah, the dinosaur.
  Yeah, there's this or like this to like goons in it who are supposed to be some of the Koopalings.
  Right.
 Right.
 I didn't know that until a year ago.
  Like that's bad news.
 If your movie doesn't convey who the characters are until decades later.
  My memory is to those overalls don't come until really late in the movie.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But that's something that happens even now where it's like they never call an Athaway Catwoman in the third Christopher Nolan Batman.
  It's called Catwoman.
  The Joseph Gordon Levitt is Robin, but they call him like a great perfect and he is Robin.
  Right.
 But they don't say it.
 And that's I feel like that still happens where like for some reason people are like hung up on like some of these directors Nolan or the weird husband and wife who never worked again after Super Mario.
  Well, they're the same weird thing where they don't like to say the name of the character.
 This is based on the similar.
  I kind of that's the thing I liked about the Robert Pattinson one where they they kind of just played everything straight.
  Like they got away with a lot of Batman specifics.
 Yeah, sure.
  I that's a whole we've sidetracked.
 I know I only I'm only being dismissive because I like to talk about that with you for 25 more minutes.
  I can go inside if you want to do a side.
  We have this is that we have a limited amount of time here.
  Third Patreon level.
  Thanks.
  It would rather be inside than here.
  Here is now you we definitely get character names here because here now is the roll call of so if you aren't looking at this and you should have looked at this if you're going to listen to this episode but Bowser is Mr Belvedere in like just his head is cut out of kind of a clock  the costume and there's some green paint smeared on pretty badly.
  But then everybody else is is a full mascot and here you meet them all.
  Cooper troopers.
  I'm a rather erased the database.
  Your property.
  Cooper.
  It's so great.
  And they look awesome.
  Yeah, like those costumes look so great.
  Be that good either.
  Yeah, like it's because yeah, these were I don't know.
  This is the first version of any suits these characters ever probably had.
  Yeah, and they aren't that far off right.
  He's ended up in the parks.
  I mean, the eyes are a little perfect.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And they look like dumb.
  I will say that there's something about the quality of every carry including the Mario Brothers.
  They all look really stupid like like yeah that they look bad.
  I mean that the characters seem like they're dumb characters.
  There's nothing wrong with that.
  No, no.
  And this is 89.
  Is that right?  That's it because that's the same year that the Super Show starts the Captain Lou show.
  So I'm trying to think today.
  I wonder if there was ever any use for those costumes on that either.
  I mean, presumably.
  So what we can only assume from this is that these costumes were with the Ice Capades tour and that the only thing that was special only was Mr.
  Belvedere, which I wonder what Bowser was for the rest of it if there was a Bowser suit.
  But you know, if you just saw it on the tour, you didn't get the full experience because Belvedere is.
  Oh my God.
  This so good sparkle.
  I don't remember exactly when the song starts, but I think I have to play a little bit of his song.
  Oh, I love this song.
  Yes.
  Ha ha.
  Oh, yes.
  That's what I kept singing when I was watching it earlier.
  Oh, yes.
  I mean, the thing we have to mention, he goes from standing on the stage to sitting on a little castle mobile in a nice gig, if you can get it, you know, going from standing on.
  He does not do any ice skating.
  I think the closest he gets to the ice is usual.
  Jason has pinpointed something where a performer does not get to sit down.
  Does it not have to walk?  To sit and speak sing on a tiny castle mobile.
  You don't even have to drive the castle mobile.
  Someone else is clearly controlling it.
  Somebody might be skating under it.
  So there might be two people really hoofing at 10 or 10 children are under it.
  Yeah, so he gets a little.
  If we can figure it out for a live show that Jason gets to Jason.
  Ha ha.
  Oh, yes.
  Oh, yes.
  It's a classic.
  It's a classic example of early wraps being used for the people who put it together.
  Like, I think I know how people make wraps.
  And then, of course, I don't know what the first time they ever rhymed rude with dude is, but this is probably in the first 10.
  I think.
  Pretty perfect.
  Just meant for like, yeah, kids under eight.
  Yes, such perfect.
  And it's from that era where like everybody thought that, you know, rap is disco.
  Like, let's acknowledge rap during these three years where wraps around.
  We only got about two more years, I think.
  And then the shit's done.
  But where let's let's just acknowledge this whole rap fad.
  I'm realizing now, OK, the Bartman rhymes rude and dude, I think.
  Probably I would I would put a lot of money on.
  Hey, what's happening, dude?  I'm the kid who something being rude or something like that's known for being rude, maybe get attitude in there really.
  Yeah.
  So I wonder how many times that around that time this was a rhyme that was made.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And a very rap type song.
  It's just perfect.
  I mean, just imagine if we all saw that we would never forget.
  Yeah.
  And the kids are dumbfounded.
  They are all like they're almost.
  They almost don't even look happy.
  They are almost are just like, I don't know how to process this much happiness.
  Look at this wide eyed little girl.
  She says she's not even happy.
  She's just like, can all of life be this right?  Can I always see the Mario gang?  I'll say this.
  My daughter, we're trying to keep her not.
  We're trying to keep her away from the screens right now.
  That's what they say you're supposed to do with very, very young children.
  But sometimes you can't help it.
  And she was watching this.
  Oh, good.
  That look on her face.
  I thought this kind of yes, I got to meet your daughter.
  I thought this was like similar age, similar kind of like, huh?  Yeah.
  Delightful kid bafflement.
  Yeah.
 So she did get a glimpse of this.
  Oh, geez.
  Did she was she just she didn't cry.
  She didn't smile.
  Great.
  But she's absorbed it on some level.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So this is a lot of fun.
  And then where do we go from here?  How do we top a rapping British Koopa?  Then we go to Princess Toadstool.
  This is if anyone would like to explain Princess Toadstool's characterization, would you like to explain it?  OK, it is I think, Scott, you hit the nail on the head when you first described to us.
  It is like old Mae West.
  Right.
  It is for sure.
  There's a she steals a line from Mae West.
  And I forget what line it is, but there's one like it is.
  Come up and see me.
  Come up and see me.
  OK, it's her most famous line.
  OK, so, yeah, they decide that a peach is Mae West.
  She's not peach, by the way.
  I was going to ask you about this.
  When does the Toadstool peach split happen?  I feel like in do they start calling her and forgive me now.
  This is something our listeners would know.
  But I think Peach was officially her name in the Mario 64 era.
  OK, she I feel like was always Princess Peach Toadstool.
  She was Princess technically.
  But right.
  Yes, that's sort of a retroactive.
  But she was Princess Toadstool up until when she became Peach.
  Can you confirm?  I've already added myself as the video game Luddite.
  But is Bowser and King Koopa?  Are those the same characters?  Is that a similar thing?  A translation thing?  Yes, this is confusing because he's only Bowser in Jason Bateman's explanation.
  But the rest he is he's King Koopa.
  OK, I knew them both as a kid.
  I knew both these things.
  Sometimes they're called this and sometimes they're called that.
  OK, so the English version of Yoshi Safari released in nineteen eighty three  contained the first usage of the name Peach in the western world,  though she was called Princess Toadstool in Wario Land Super Mario Land 3 released in nineteen eighty four.
  So there's a peach mention in ninety three.
  She's back to Princess Toadstool in Wario Land.
  But then I think at that point Mario 64 on she was for sure Peach.
  This was a thing.
  This is like I felt embarrassed somewhere at some point where I like people started saying Peach.
  And I was like, who's that?  I missed the change.
  So I was in your Luddite shoes.
  I can only assume.
  Is it Anya Teller-Joy is playing?  I believe so.
  In the movie.
  I can only assume she's doing the same Mae West voice in this major motion picture.
  There's only one way.
  Yeah, there's only one way.
  Can I do video game?  Video game.
 Did you play Galaxy Mario Galaxy?  Yes.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  When he's spinning around the planets.
  That's the wee one.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Like finish.
  That's probably the last Mario game that I fully did.
  It's awesome.
  I love it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't really know what.
  Here's a little bit of Mae West.
  The virus is on the loose.
  And you know how painful that can be.
  And now that in addition to the voice, the Koopa virus is on the loose and you know how  painful that can be.
  Yeah.
  Is this not a venereal disease?  I mean with Mae West who's very look very sexual.
  Very, very what?  What word?  Body.
  Body.
  Mae West's whole act was a little bawdy for the time.
  Now you might be saying it seems like contradiction to be talking about bawdiness when you suggested  earlier on the podcast that Alf had his mouth on Mr.
 Belvedere's balls.
  And you'd be right.
  We all contain multitudes.
  Well hang on.
  That isn't body.
  That's fully explicit.
  What you don't like is when things can't decide.
  You don't like PG.
  You're fine with R and NC 17.
  Yeah.
  I like hardcore stuff.
  You would just prefer the lights slowly dim.
  That's true.
  Sexy.
  When you imagine it.
  One foot is off the couch.
  You know, you're a big Hays code guy.
  I like to see a piece of clothing, not underwear, hit the chair.
  Don't show me a bra hitting the chair.
  That's too much.
  Too much.
  They can keep it on over there as far as I'm concerned.
  And no hosiery either.
  That's just as bad.
  Yes.
  That's underwear to me.
  Yes.
  So the Kupa virus is on the loose and I think this is a job for plumbers.
  Oh, Luigi.
  Oh, Mario.
  And then they show up and they show up by flying onto the ice.
  This is where I, it's a perfect level of getting things kind of wrong.
  I love the wrong, like why are they flying?  Don't know.
  Don't care.
  It's so delightful.
  And they look, they are like, they don't look comfortable flying.
  They are kicking and flailing with whoever is in these costumes.
  I used to get off these wires.
  I felt scared for them because they can't see very well.
  They're in these big heavy suits.
  They got blades on the bottom of their feet and they're being lowered now.
  Yeah.
  Cause if they were trying to mimic the jumping from the game, you would just put one hand up and like one knee up and just freeze that way.
  And they didn't have, yeah.
  In the first game, it's only they're underwater and then they have a fire flower upgrade where he would shoot the fireballs, but they're not flying yet either in the first game.
  So it's not from that either.
  So you're right.
  It's probably just the jumping.
  I guess that that's how they thought, oh, we'll have them come in from the sky because they can jump high sometimes.
  Well, or they, I mean, don't you sort of start levels by falling into them sometimes, right?  You know, you go through a pipe and then you just kind of, I guess, yeah, you know, you're right.
  That's true.
  Or do you just always appear?  No, I think that if you go down a pipe, you can fall through the pipe and land.
  So that's true.
  And you spend a lot of time if you end up on a cloud level and then you're that you could fall for a very long time.
  I'm trying to remember.
  Mario 2 has a lot of falling.
  Well, that's what I'm saying.
  Like that didn't happen yet.
  So where are they getting this for?  Yeah.
  So but you're right.
  The pipe, you could go down a pipe and then come out the bottom of the pipe and fall.
  So that's that's if you want to logic your way in, I think that's the way to get it.
  Mm hmm.
  How they might have gotten there is I don't know.
  Should they fly in?  Sounds good.
  Sounds like Mario Brothers to me.
  These might be the worst costumes in the show.
  Pretty rough.
  I'm letting like I think the Goomba and the Koopa Troopa are pretty fun and silly.
  Yeah.
  These guys, they have pretty them and Princess have pretty terrifying, huge, glassy eyes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which is funny because jumping ahead a little later on, there are skaters in overalls, white overalls with red shirts like when you get a fire flower as Mario.
  And they look pretty good.
  They look like better Mario's than these stuffed creations.
  But maybe they you know, maybe they were thinking about playing to the back row.
  Maybe that's the way it is going to look like Mario from from really far away.
  Right.
  The costumes remain in a similar shape for all of these.
  I saw some pretty horrifying Smurfs from other years and you saw the Simpsons from the next year.
  They're crazy.
  They're so scary.
  Yeah.
  Maggie is giant.
  She's somehow the biggest one.
  Yes.
  And I think Jane and I watched together and she's like, wait, does the baby just fall down and lie on the floor?  Like, is that a regular Simpsons joke?  And I was like, um, no, I guess not.
  Every now and then.
  Yeah.
  I think they would do that.
  I think, yeah, because, you know, in the opening, she's on the flat girl belt.
  She flattens out.
  Yeah, I guess.
  This extreme close up of Princess.
  I mean, these eyes are.
  This is this is like somebody who's like an overdose amount of pills deep.
  This is somebody like about to see God.
  That looks like the pans labyrinth.
  I saw the hands.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Right on.
  So she thanks the Mario Brothers for showing up.
  They I swear Mario is the voice of Fred Flintstone.
  I bet it's the same.
  Oh, yeah.
  I don't have any affirmation of that, but like they sound pretty crazy.
  They kind of do lame jokes a little bit.
  But then the main thing, I mean, the best thing that happens is that the the attack  sequence is initiated by Bowser.
  He sends each minion one by one.
  And there's by this point, there's kind of a line of children all in brick cars,  like smaller versions of what Bowser, which is in an ice capades thing they would do.
  It seems like I saw it from different versions that were like you would bring kids on the ice  and little cars, essentially like little ride vehicles.
  Well, Jason would have loved an early like, oh, you got to sit down on the ice.
  Oh, I got to sit down on the ice because I don't think I've ever ice skated.
  Every now and then there would be a trip like Boy Scouts or Youth Group.
  And they're like, look, you can ice skate or we'll give you twenty dollars and quarters and you can get hot chocolate and go to the arcade.
  And I'm like, well, you've made my decision for me.
  I do not trust dull knives on my feet and I do not trust my balance.
  So Tekken it is ice skate.
  Have you done it only like twice?  I'm horrible at it.
 I hated the experience.
  Bad.
 My mom forced me in a class with my sister, who is three years younger and other little kids to do a beginners ice skating class.
  And I hated it and I felt embarrassed to be there.
  Yeah.
 And I didn't like it at all.
  And that was the last time a couple I did.
  I don't think it's on the docket for my kid.
  Now, you know, if he finds that skill on his own.
  Great.
 Her logic.
  Well, you know what? Maybe there was one birthday.
  Her logic was you're going to have ice skating birthday parties.
  You're going to need to know how to do it.
  And I think there was one.
  And that was it.
 Yeah.
  So but then Lindsay likes to roller skate and she's made me go roller skating in the last five years.
  How'd that go?  My legs hurt so bad after it.
  Really? I'm tense.
 I can do it.
  I've never fallen.
  Okay.
 But we've gone where it's like packed.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And it's like a little stressful.
  Yeah.
 Because I really don't quite know what I'm doing.
  Right.
 Right.
  And there are people almost people are wiping out constantly also.
  Yeah.
 And you're like, I don't know how this is legal still.
  Because I'm just going to get like a head injury.
  Yeah.
 First or second grade, there was a couple skating birthday parties.
  I had a lot of trouble at first and then I really picked it up.
  Are you a roller skating?  Yeah.
 And then puberty hit me like a ton of bricks and I became a chubby kid.
  And it would become like the regular summer community theater like cast party would be at the skating rink.
  Yeah.
 And that was just like taking my life into my own hands.
  I would try.
  Really?  I was bad.
 I just whatever I learned as a kid.
  So you got puberty and you got bad at things.
  Well, I just I was just put on weight.
  My center of gravity just just fucking jumped around and I just was not skilled.
  You just got a massive right butt cheek.
  I got a massive right butt cheek.
  All my weights over here.
  I have a very I can't believe I did this.
  I tried to use a urinal with roller skates on once.
  Oh my God.
  I almost gave myself a concussion because I started skating around.
  This is like 11 or 12.
  I don't think I've ever told this story in my life.
  It is so clear to me of just like almost like nailing my head on a urinal.
  On the urinal?  And I caught myself.
  I braked and caught myself.
  And then I was just like grabbing every surface.
  Oh my God.
  Finishing up.
  It's like a Mr.
 Bean episode.
  It is a very bean.
  I don't know why I didn't take those skates off.
  I don't know why I didn't switch to sneakers.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  I think Erin has a story from somebody.
  I might be getting this wrong, but she knows somebody who did roller derby and it happened to her.
  It happened to somebody or she saw it happen that there was a scenario of like trying to change clothes while wearing the skates in a bathroom stall slipped.
  Clothes went flying.
  She's now she flies all the way out under the bathroom stall, fully nude with other people in the bathroom.
  Can you imagine if you're going to the bathroom and that happens?  That's did it the wrong order.
  Like when changing, take the skates off first.
  And like if you got to be socks on the bathroom floor, so be it.
  You know, so at least you were closed.
  I was.
  I was.
  I was.
  I have no idea why I didn't just stop for a second and go change into my shoes or just brave it with socks.
  So if you had been at the urinal and you're if this moment could be combined with something about Mary where her zipper is perfectly stuck.
  Oh my God.
  You go flying.
  Somebody opens the door at that moment.
  You go flying out out of the bathroom.
  A bunch of your friends are there.
  And your.
  I get a heavy injury and a Belvedere injury.
  Like, oh my God, that could have been all your clothes flew off.
  I don't like clothes.
  And at that moment, my pizza slice was ready.
  It's really insult to injury.
  The person delivering it slips and falls also piping hot pizza lands on your exposed penis.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  These are all great scenes to reserve great physical comfort.
  Remember our earnest our our new earnest Dougie is this thing.
  Oh, yeah.
  The new physical.
  I can have it.
  Dougie can have it.
  If it's gone from my brain, you know, the thing with the Dougie scenes need to be based on real experience.
  Yeah, it's not true and organic.
  It didn't happen to you and it can't be funny.
  Right.
  Whoever fell and exposed their penis while on roller skates.
  There's a line though with God.
  There is a line from endearing to like, what is the matter with you?  Like, what was wrong with you?  Dougie will find that line.
  Explore.
  He'll dance on that line.
  Oh, yeah.
  Dougie's tripping over that damn line.
  Dougie is really about trauma is really what I think.
  It's really a reprocessing.
  That's why Dougie is important.
  Yeah.
  I was starting to say there's a bunch of children and they're all in little boxcars and they are pulled up to like, you know, flank Mario and Luigi.
  Actually, it's just Luigi for a little only.
  Mario does nothing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Luigi does most of the work.
  You would take care of this.
  Mario rest up for if I'm really needed.
  So Luigi basically each minion skates up while kids all kind of jeer.
  And they just kind of really gently pull up to an awaiting Luigi who is holding some kind of how would you describe this?  A cannon.
  Fire cannon.
  Luigi has a fire cannon.
  Pretty big.
  Yeah, pretty big one, too.
  These are really simple, like sweet, dumb organisms pull up.
  I forget who's first.
  Maybe it's a good it's a Koopa Troopa Koopa Troopa attack.
  It pulls up and then just this little box weapon and then which Luigi fires, which just blows up the characters sky high.
  Just the turn just powder rises them turning turns them into nothing.
  It's so funny.
  They don't do anything Mario related.
  They just have a cannon and they blow them to Kingdom Come.
  Yeah.
  It's like the Danny Devito.
  It's always sunny moment where he's just like, and then I just start blasting up, you know, Luigi does.
  He just fires a cannon at them.
  It's so abrasive.
  It's a huge pyro effect.
  And so and the kids all cheer so innocently.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  After a very violent explosion, very violent to cartoon characters, because I feel like there was a lot of thought and I don't know this, but a lot of thought put into like how Mario and Luigi would defeat.
  The bad guys and they bonk on the head and then the characters kind of fly off the screen as a kid.
  I don't think it reads like I mean, you say maybe you kill them, but it's a cute.
  It's cute.
  The way they dispose of enemies is mostly cute.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, this is more abrasive.
  This is exploding them.
  Well, it being physicalized in the real and it's just such a functional.
  I think it might be just like because this doesn't look like if this is a black box with a little black tube sticking out of it.
  I think this is just like a smoke machine.
  Yeah, I think that actually is.
  And if you look at the first few flame frames before the flames, it's just firing at them.
  Right.
  So some grip had to deal with this.
  I got a smoke machine in the bag.
  Could have been like just done like throwing movements and played the sound effects.
  You know, yeah, that's fireball.
  Yeah, that would make.
  That would have made sense.
  But again, yeah, everyone didn't quite know the game.
  No.
  They were missing a few things.
  They may not have gotten to the point where you got the fire flower.
  Well, the writer might not have been of a generation where Mario was really in front of them.
  The writer who I can't say it yet.
  I got it in my pocket.
  I'll wait.
  Anyway, one note, there's no villain as any attack.
  They just kind of skate up there.
  First Goomba fails.
  This seems like a two goomba job.
  One skates up, does the same thing.
  No alteration of the plan.
  The same thing.
  So after all that, you know, the build up from Bowser, it don't mess around with me.
  His plan seems to be send to each minion one by one to do nothing.
  And then they are immediately exploded.
  Right.
  It's really great.
  He doesn't alter the plan to as it's clear.
  This is going to happen to all of the characters.
  You think he doesn't wait a moment.
  Let's go back to the trolling board.
  Should I shift given what I've seen?  No, no.
  Stick with the plan.
  One of them is bound to there is one who has a weapon.
  This the hammer brother pulls up just like so flaccidly whips this cloth hammer around one and a half times.
  Yeah.
  Same thing.
  Explosion.
  Boom.
  It's so high.
  Explosion.
  Wow.
  Explode 50 feet into the air.
  There is no doubt.
  Like in the game, there's a doubt that they've died.
  The characters, maybe they just flew away and they're injured.
  No doubt in my mind.
  These are all dead characters.
  They have been exploded.
  They have died.
  They're passed on in the next life.
  I want them dead, big boy.
  I don't want a burial for any of them.
  Turn them to dust.
  That widow won't be able to identify a corpse.
  That's what I want.
  No grave visiting.
  Not in my view, I think.
  Killing those guys makes me horny.
  So keep making the explosions larger and larger.
  Come up and see a charred corpse sometime.
  See the dust that remains.
  I make furniture out of dead bodies.
  I'm like the psycho guy.
  So then Bowser decides to take matters into his own hands.
  Spiny, now is our time to pull up, do the exact same thing.
  This time Mario gets actually in real.
  Now the kids become part of it.
  They all kind of scoot forward.
  Let's give them nowhere to run.
  And then Bowser's plan is to kind of look meaner than before, a little bit.
  And then they make the worst joke I've ever heard, which is,  King Koopa, whatever, and down.
  King Koopa, you a chicken.
  Get yourself a new chicken Koopa.
  I think maybe that line, having been said, it is the time to reveal the writer of the piece.
  I think it's possible someone could guess the writer of the piece.
  I've watched this clip for years and I'm never delighted by who it is.
  If I'm building it up this much, the writer of a big stupid thing that's really hacky and all the references are from the 40s.
  Bruce Valanche?  Who did you guess?  I guessed George Burns.
  George Burns.
  George Burns is in for higher writing word for the ice campaigns.
  But Valanche.
  He lives for it.
  Of course it's Valanche.
  It makes all the sense in the world it's Valanche.
  All the Oscars, the Brady Bunch variety hour, the Star Wars Holiday Special, some of the finest works ever produced.
  But doesn't that especially explain the Mae West of it?  Why would he?  Because, like, hmm, you've been given this, I've got to write for this video game thing.
  Hmm, well, write what you know.
  I know Mae West.
  I've been, well, I've blocked out when we all watched so much of the Brady Bunch variety hour with Eva.
  But doesn't it, I guarantee that Florence Henderson had to talk like Mae West at some point.
  Oh yeah, you would think so.
  I'm sure.
  All of the girls, all of the sisters had to talk like Mae West to their brothers.
  Yeah, I mean, positive that happened.
  When Bruce Valanche was on Hollywood Squares, did he ever, like, was he, because he was always center square, I believe?  Would he ever say, like, come up and see me something, like, to a lower square?  Probably.
 There had to be a time.
  There is up to be climbed.
 You have to go up to see him.
  If somebody has, somebody can find that for us, let us know.
  Can I ask a question? Is Valanche working? What in the last couple years?  I don't know.
  Is he still doing stuff? I mean, I feel like yes, but maybe, maybe not.
  Got to be uncredited on some stuff.
  Or credited.
  And I'm sure credited.
  Because the last, yeah, I, of course, I've said this before.
  I saw him and it's probably eight years ago already.
 Seven years ago.
  I saw him perform on stage in Pasadena in the Aladdin.
  Oh, he was in that Aladdin play.
  He played the widow Twinkie in Aladdin, which I saw with friends of the show, Ryan Perez and Biz Biz.
  We were front row, I think.
  You were front row at this Aladdin show.
  We were front row at the Aladdin show.
 That's right.
  And there was a bunch.
  The Aladdin's pal, Wishi Washi.
  Wishi Washi was in it.
 There was a brunch beforehand that we ate.
  I don't think we knew this was a night.
  There was a brunch beforehand.
  And before, while we were eating brunch, Ryan Perez looked at his phone, started laughing and said, Peter O'Toole is dead.
  Oh my God.
  I didn't know if that was going to be Osama Bin Laden.
  No, no.
  Peter O'Toole has been compromised to a permanent end.
  So I guess I can know what day we saw it because of when Peter O'Toole was dead.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  And it was oh my God, it's nine years ago, December 14th, 2013.
  Wow.
 Another date that will live in it for me.
  I'm really upset to look at this Wikipedia and see that Bruce Willis was on Shark Tank and I can't recall that instantly.
  Okay.
 But there's no no credits in the last couple of years.
  Less, but he might be slowing down.
 I don't know.
  He's up there.
 He's older than my father.
  He's going to run forever.
  So yeah.
  He still hit writer of the Oscars in 2014.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  That's pretty.
  So another great piece of work for Mr.
 Vellanche.
  Of course.
 Of course.
  God bless him.
  This thing has delighted me always so much and it's from the hand of Vellanche.
  Anyway, then all the children wave their foam wrenches gently and Bowser explodes in the same way.
  The exact same death has been carried out seven times in a row.
  And we start coming to an end.
  Princess Toadstool gives Mario and Luigi the purple plunger for bravery.
  It's funny, I guess.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Like so many of the land jokes, you go, that's funny, I guess.
  Okay.
 I see what he did there.
  I see it.
 I get it.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, it proves that he looked up a couple.
  He heard plumbers.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  I will make a plumber joke.
  That's true.
  So a little bit of homework was done.
  A delightful sequence was created and I've loved this thing for so long.
  God bless him for getting it so right.
  They got it visually just right enough.
  Yeah.
  Thematically writing wise, just wrong enough.
  The rap is just wrong enough.
  Mr.
 Belvedere is just fantastic.
  This is a great piece.
  It is a great piece.
  Yes.
  And more people should see it.
  And I guess they will now.
  Bruce Ville Lange credits the head writer on the comic relief,  the Katrina one where Billy Crystal does the jazz man character.
  No, no, no, no.
  In front of that house.
  In front of the house set.
  Oh God.
  Wow.
  Not blackface in that instance, I don't think.
  I don't think so.
  But the last time Billy Crystal hosted the Oscars, which Ville Lange worked on,  he did play Sammy Davis Jr.
  So in this century, Billy Crystal did blackface on the Academy Awards  and everybody went, hooray.
  How many years ago was that?  That was, well, that was the Funny or Die Oscar.
  I made an Oscar thing and BuzzBuzz did it.
  And BuzzBuzz made a video with Billy Crystal and Robin Williams.
  So FOD got involved that year.
  So I know that was 2012 for that reason.
  That's 10 years ago.
  I know.
  No, it was 13.
  I forgot what year it is.
  Wild.
  So it's 10 years ago that I saw Latin.
  So it's great.
  The special continues.
  There is a dog fashion show.
  I don't, which is funny, but you feel bad for the dogs.
  I forget if there's a televised Barbie part, but Barbie was part of it for a couple of years.
  The world's most beautiful doll, I think they say.
  There's like a tad at the start when they're announcing one of these.
  Who's going to, I can't bar you another one.
  Yeah, I can't either.
  Well, you might say Leonardo or I wouldn't call them dolls though.
  That would be the, all right.
  That's all.
  There's also, here was the great discovery of seeing the full special is that this was not the final appearance of Mr.
  Belvedere in the special.
  But later on he comes back and in this one he is a villainous pirate and he does the exact same performance.
  I hate to say this, but I saw his elsewhere in his body of work.
  This makes a lot of sense because he played Captain Hook in some production of Peter Pan, which included Sandy Duncan.
  There she is.
  She continues to haunt me around every turn.
  But really great to find out there's more Mr.
  Belvedere and there is more musical villainous Mr.
 Belvedere.
  Here is this.
  He's singing to a parrot.
  It's that.
  I'm bad.
  I'm bad.
  You know I'm bad.
  You know it.
  I'm really bad.
  I'm bad.
  The whole world has to watch right now.
  Just tell me what to get.
  I'm bad.
  Yay.
  So good.
  I'm a simple man.
  If there is a guy over if there is a British villain over pronouncing, especially when it's to contemporary music, I'm smiling and I'm clapping.
  The Casio keyboard version of bad.
  With a much much much much cheaper keyboard.
  Oh boy.
  Oh beautiful.
  You know I'm bad.
  Oh boy.
  So glad there was more.
  So glad to get to meditate on this thing for a little while.
  Any for any any last observations about this or?  No, I just yeah it's great.
  I would like to issue a correction about the Hogan family and Valerie Harper though.
  Thank God.
  Under the show was originally called Valerie because it centered on Valerie Harper and she was raising three sons.
  But after two seasons Harper was replaced.
  Not the first season because she had a contract dispute.
  Oh Valerie is the Hogan family.
  Valerie is the same.
  Valerie is the Hogan family.
  Okay.
  Valerie is okay.
  So it's the same format as Roseanne becomes the Connors.
  Yes.
  Albeit with I would imagine their exits were not exactly the same.
  Not the exact same.
  Then they killed off the Valerie Harper character and she was replaced with Sandy Duncan.
  What?  Killed off?  Killed?  Yes.
  Sandy Duncan is a killer.
  Yes.
  Sandy Duncan joined the cast.
  This monster must be brought to justice.
  Valerie's sister-in-law and the boy's aunt.
  So I don't think she married the father.
  They Kevin Kenway-ed her.
  They did Kevin Kenway-ed her, yes.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  The series was initially retitled Valerie's Family.
  But then season four they changed it to the Hogan family.
  It was briefly so Valerie wasn't on it but it was called Valerie's Family.
  Yes.
  I guess they thought that people would remember what the show was.
  The first two seasons they called it that but I guess then they felt that was weird.
  They had done this move.
  This filth that Roseanne has tweeted.
  She's out of her mind.
  We have to put a stop to this.
  Anyway, the show is now Roseanne's Family.
  Roseanne's Family.
  You're saying season four they changed the name?  Yes.
  So season one and two it was called Valerie.
  Season three Valerie Harper is out and now it's called Valerie's Family.
  It's family.
  Season four it's now called the Hogan Family which I think people now just think it was  the Hogan Family the whole time.
  How many seasons did it run?  Six.
  Mr.
 Belvedere also ran six seasons.
  Six years ago?  Did it?  I thought it was five.
  I thought that's what I saw.
  Maybe it was six.
  Yeah.
  My God.
  But it was always called Mr.
 Belvedere.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Not the family Mr.
 Belvedere used to work for.
  Right.
  Mr.
 Belvedere's source of employment.
  Six seasons.
  117.
  I don't think I've ever seen a single episode of Mr.
 Belvedere.
  I used to watch it a lot.
  I don't think I've seen full Belvedere either.
  It was syndicated always on classic for me wherever in whatever form I was watching it  but it's really the show whatever it's all about that theme song.
  We know it's all about that theme song.
  The regional syndication is fascinating.
  I haven't seen Mr.
 Belvedere but I've seen hours of Charles in charge.
  Wow.
  I don't think I've ever seen any Charles in charge.
  Wow.
  I know we're still microphones are still on.
  Have you ever seen the elf holiday special?  No.
  That was a contender in the Club 3.
  Because I watched it.
  Okay.
  And I'll just tell you what happens because it's not going to make you not want to watch it.
  It's a very serious episode.
  Yes.
  I found I saw that.
  Yeah.
  It's like not that I don't even think there's a live studio audience.
  Maybe that I know there wasn't a regularly but it does it feels differently.
  It's shot like single cam.
  Elf accidentally ends up in a hospital with a terminally ill child.
  Then he gives birth.
  He helps a woman give birth to a baby because she thinks he's a doctor and they get stuck in an elevator.
  And then third he talks a man off the ledge from trying to kill himself.
  Geez Louise.
  And none of this is played for laughs.
  Barely any of it is played for laughs.
  Oh my God.
  The baby doesn't go like flying out and knocks elf down.
  No not really.
  I mean there's a joke of like elf with the surgical mask on and like you're a doctor.
  Are you sure?  And yeah I'm a doctor.
  Like a little of that.
  But basically like elf helps her deliver the baby because they're stuck in an elevator.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  And there is not then elf getting stuck inside the woman before she is there.
  That happens off camera if it happened.
  You were supposed to tie a rope around my waist.
  What happened?  That's the end of that.
  Maybe next holiday we'll do that one.
  Yeah it was a contender.
  We'll see if it makes it back.
  For now you survived podcast throughout the second gate.
  Delightful suggestion.
  Thanks Nick for this.
  We'll see if there's more Mario nonsense because now is the time to talk Mario.
  There is.
  And I'd love to do more.
  So if there's anything else bizarre and Mario related we should be aware of.
  Leave it in the comments.
  I'm not going to get into it now but that maybe will give me a window to talk a little bit about the album Nintendo White Knuckle Scorin.
  I'll save that for if there's more time to do so.
  I don't know.
  I don't think this maybe it's not even that funny.
  I legitimately the Mario Choose Your Own Adventure books.
  I couldn't have been obsessed with more.
  Really?  They were more.
  They were almost out of print by the time I discovered them.
  So I couldn't get my hands on them and I had like two or three of them.
  But I was obsessed with them.
  Wow.
  And I think you can get them now but they've never reprinted them again.
  So if I can find one or two I wonder if there's anything interesting there.
  Probably not honestly.
  Well and then there's and there's that bizarre old TV show that you found.
  Well there's like a local Bowser.
  So yeah there's there's well there's the Captain Lou Albano one which everybody probably knows.
  Mario Super Show where they had cartoons of Mario and then Zelda.
  But then also my friend of mine just told me about a local Los Angeles show that was King Koopa hosted where he would show like cartoons and it was a Bozo show basically with a live studio audience of kids and he would show cartoons and there's very little of it online.
  And I assume because it was a local show.
  Yeah yeah.
  That who knows if it's been taped over but.
  He looks spectacular.
  It's a crazy Bowser to look at.
  They went a little further with the facial effects than Belvedere and his splatter of green paint.
  And he like marches down Hollywood Boulevard with children and.
  The army of children.
  Yeah so I want to see if anybody has any more footage of that somewhere.
  Well let me.
  Okay you know and it doesn't have to be this month we could take our time you know it's going to be a Nintendo mania for a little while but.
  Yeah.
  Let's let's make like Club 3 here.
  Leave in the comments if there's something crazy in Mario that you want to hear about or you want to expose us to and maybe we'll do something else.
  Seems like it seems like the time.
  We even put it up to a poll so we'll do a poll here in regular second gate.
  Sure.
  Always have to be behind.
  There's a number of ways we could.
  Yeah.
  This.
  I guess that that wraps it up.
  I.
  Wait.
  That's like what's the way to do the.
  To end it.
  The you know thank you for subscribing to the second gate but of course.
  Life is more than mere subscribing.
  Which is my life.
  The good life.
  Yep.
  Ha ha.
  Oh yes.
