 Five, four, three, two, one.
  All right, I'm just gonna start.
  Sorry, guys, I'm starting right now.
  I'm a little overwhelmed again.
  I don't want this to turn into,  the podcast will write the second gate.
  I'm Michael Carlson.
  I'm here.
  I'm one of your hosts.
  I'm joined by Scott Garner and Jason Sheridan as usual.
  Does it put you at ease to just kind of dive in?  Yeah, I think it does.
  Because you're coming in with a lot of stress.
  Yeah, I had a lot of stress.
  I came in, I was gonna do like,  oh, welcome to the podcast, the Riot Club.
  And we're gonna do our little intros,  like the Mickey Mouse Club.
  That was what I had planned.
  But I said, you know what?  This is more honest, this is more real.
  You know what you didn't want to call him  Jason Cubby Sheridan?  That was part of it, yes.
  That was part of it.
  But then I thought, you know what?  This episode's about Annette, not Cubby.
  You're right, you're right.
  And I don't even know the percentage of Mickey Mouse Club.
  I don't know what we're getting at all, frankly.
  This is the least.
  Jason and I do not have any notes.
  We got no laptops.
  Yeah, I know.
  So we're here to listen.
  I'm flying, I'm the pilot in the cockpit alone.
  My co-pilot is passed out  and the passengers are just enjoying the ride.
  That's what's going on right now.
  All right, so it's not an emergency.
  It could be.
  It could go down in flames, but.
  Possibly.
  But you know, I think it's gonna be fine.
  I think I'm fine.
  Here's what I told myself today  as I was finishing up the research  on Annette Funicello's singing career.
  I said, we're not gonna get to all of it.
  We're not gonna do a full career retrospect of this.
  Woman did a lot and we cannot possibly cover it.
  So I'm gonna let myself off the hook right there.
  We're gonna focus on a few things today  and I think it's gonna be great.
  It's gonna be wonderful.
  As the narrator of the A&E biography  that I watched on Annette would say, it was wonderful.
  This is, I feel like this is a phrase  they would say over and over again  about literally every topic they covered  on her A&E biography from 1995,  which there's not an ounce of drama in this thing.
  There's no, this is not a behind the music.
  There's no drugs.
  It's if you're.
  No bankruptcy.
  And then Annette went to work for Walt Disney  and then it's her and she's like,  Mr.
 Disney was wonderful.
  And then it's like,  and then it's just a couple other  like talking heads of other Mouseketeers  and they're like, that was wonderful working there.
  And Annette was so beautiful  and all the men are real creepy about her.
  And then that's like the first 10 minutes.
  It's just like how beautiful 12 year old Annette was  and how wonderful the Mouseketeers were.
  Like, and that's no drama.
  Everything was perfect.
  Frankie Avalon, wonderful.
  Yes, Paul Anka, wonderful.
  That one I know, of course, Paul Anka is wonderful.
  A little thing to say at the top here.
  Longtime listeners know why we're doing this episode  because this has been mentioned for a long time.
  And one notable time when it came up,  it birthed a phrase that's remained with us  on podcast, The Ride, which is calling your shot.
  Mike brought it up with, I'm calling my shot,  which is a big bravado phrase.
  And then followed it up with,  we're doing Annette Funicello's singing career.
  Which I feel is a,  I think that's become kind of a common podcast,  The Ride thing too, is like having swag  about something mundane.
  Like saying like, oh, you know I fuck with candy corn.
  Bomb pops?  Yeah.
  Kind of weird, I like bomb pops.
  I'm thinking yeah.
  The only time we're ever aggro,  it's about like some sort of Hawaiian novelty song  or a specific candy or treat.
  It's absolutely about something that a six year old  could partake in, eat or listen to with no changes.
  Right, a six year old from the 1950s  through late 1960s generally.
  Pretty specific.
  But you know, you've asked, you've brought it up,  you've brought it up and we're finally here.
  And especially the reason why we're here is that  I had the notion that this year on podcast, The Ride,  we could give each other little treats,  give ourselves little treats really,  which is when it is the week of your birthday,  you call your shot and you do the topic  that is very specific to you and a layer of niche  within the layer of niche we're all already in.
  Right.
  And this is that week, Mike Carlson, happy birthday.
  Happy birthday.
 Thank you very much.
  Yeah, Scott, you sprung this idea on me.
  I think it was, we were having a conversation,  actually Jason wasn't there yet.
  And I think I proposed the idea of Jason month.
  Yeah, this is news to you.
  Oh man, if you want some mendinity.
  So I think at least we maybe for now,  we settled on a week for each of us  around the time of our birthday.
  That's what I was saying, let's start slow,  slow down, you're not racing yet.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But now that we've teased Jason month,  does anything go, do you go straight to anything  when you hear Jason month?  Is there something you know you'd want to achieve?  Well, I have something in this room  and I think other podcasts might've covered it before,  but David Roth, very, very good writer,  one of the heads of the Defector website,  posted, mentioned something about the Tops baseball card,  Allen and Gittner series, which is a line.
  Scott's eyes fell out of his head.
  Are we ready for Jason month?  Allen and Gittner was one of the first  baseball card companies.
  So it's like throwback style cards of players,  current players, past players,  but also there are notable figures and objects  and they're all about the bread series,  includes like hot dog, Italian sub, pork roll sandwich.
  So as soon as I found this out, I went on eBay  and today arrived the trading cards.
  Do you want to see these?  Do you want to see these?  I guess so.
  I mean, you're, like, I worry if you want to save it  for Jason month.
  That's the-  No, I look, Jason's taking my thunder already  with his bread playing cards that he's recently acquired.
  Hey, you're taking cards, trading cards.
  Oh, excuse me, yeah, trading cards.
  Mike's birthday or no, I'm talking about  these bread trading cards.
  It says, get that bread.
  It says Allen and Gittner indeed.
  And it's a pay, this one's Italian sub, pork roll.
  We got, and some facts about pork roll,  which you're breezing through like, yeah, I know it,  know it, know it.
  Yes, John Taylor, of course I know it.
  John Taylor, his ham.
  Of course I know it's commonly served  on a breakfast sandwich company by a good cheese, duh.
  Ruben's sandwich rookie card.
  Mike, you want to take a look,  or are you offended that these are getting in the way?  He already sent me a photo of this.
  Again, I'm learning what is done separately.
  Behind your back.
  It's a lot of treats and sandwich based things and-  That's my deal.
  Little tease of Jason month there, I suppose.
  What a tantalizing start.
  But right now it's your birthday  and what better present to give you  than the gift of doing a lot of work,  which we don't have to do, right?  And we just sit and listen.
  I hope you, happy birthday, enjoy the research.
  Thank you, yes.
  It's always fun.
  Now again, so real quick,  if you don't know what we're talking about,  Annette Funicello is one of the original Mouseketeers.
  Walt Disney assembled like an Avengers of children  back in the day.
  I mean, I get they weren't famous yet.
  No, that's true.
  You're right.
  You're talking about the most talented children.
  The most talented children of all time.
  He assembled them.
  The Avengers.
  I got to keep it relevant for the young people.
  What are they gonna understand?  Yeah, I was trying to make them know  what I'm talking about.
  And there were 24 of them.
  There were 24 original Mouseketeers.
  And he debuted the idea on the Disneyland special,  I believe the opening day Disneyland special.
  The show hadn't started yet, the actual show.
  But it was, it's a show that lasted for decades  with different casts.
  And of course, Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake  were also Mouseketeers.
  Everyone's got their favorite era.
  Like Saturday Night Live.
  The 70s one that made that one special  and somebody was on Facts of Life later.
  That's most people, I think.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So yeah, he assembled all these.
  Now here's, this was the most exciting thing  and this is not gonna excite anyone but me  and maybe somebody else in the room, maybe.
  Is that Walt discovered, he was the only one  who actually like scouted one of them, scouted Annette.
  Everyone else came in for auditions.
  Okay.
  And he scouted her at the Starlight Bowl in Burbank.
  Which is this.
  Yeah, doing Swan Lake.
  Yes.
 Is that right?  Yeah.
  So she was doing like a recital for school.
  That's the one in the Hills?  Yes.
 The Greek theater  or the bowl style?  That we found like two years ago  that we didn't know existed.
  And they show or they have like five concerts a month  and it's run like a local elementary school.
  Like any food they're selling,  it's just like wrapped in tin foil, like beef  and they run out of stuff and they have, you know,  like Mike's Hard Lemonade and beer in a can  and wine in a can.
  Everything is like just dragged up the hill  for one like Kenny Loggins performance.
  And that's like high level as far as the stars.
  Yeah, no, it's the real Kenny Loggins.
  Not like it's not called the Footloosers  attribute to Kenny Loggins.
  But they do have other Footloosers.
  They'll have like the Beatles cover band I saw last summer  and they have Yachtley Crew, of course,  who does all the yacht rock stuff.
  I think not.
  Not for this yacht rock snub.
  I know.
  Look, I'm conflicted about Yachtley Crew  because on one hand I go, this isn't actually authentic,  but they do put on a show that makes a bunch of people  in the mid 50s to mid 60s go nuts.
  I saw it happen.
  They had their chance to go nuts.
  Their nuts time is over.
  When they.
 It's our time to go now.
  It was our time to go nuts.
  13 years ago.
  When they do ride like the wind though,  these people, these old folks with the sailor hats on  go fucking nuts.
  I would hate that.
  I would hate this.
 I think you should go  if they play again.
 No, no, no.
  I really do.
  But they do.
  They do toto.
  You'll probably get mad.
  I will.
  It's not going to be the right arranger.
  I'm going to find like 12 wrong things with every song.
  But the Starlight Bowl itself is really fun  because it's in the middle of the hills.
  It's like a falling apart Greek theater,  but it's beautiful up there.
  And tinfoil beef.
  Yeah.
 And you can get tinfoil beef.
  You can park over at the golf course across the street.
  So anyway, Mr.
 Disney was friends with the,  like the conductor of the symphony or the Burbank  Symphony Orchestra.
  Wow.
  And that's why he was at this performance and he saw Annette  and he called her in for the audition and she, boy,  and it was great and wonderful.
  And she was the greatest little girl.
  And so, yeah, so she joined the cast and was like  the most famous imagineer, Jesus Christ.
  Look how nervous I am.
  The most famous Mouseketeer.
  And according to this A&E special,  she got 6,000 letters a week.
  And she was so like, and all the boys wanted to give her  a smooch and all the girls wanted to be her or whatever.
  Uh-huh.
  So really the first one of these,  I've always heard that context.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  This is the machine.
  This is the beginning of the machine of the young girl  who is not only on the show, but then the music career.
  There is no Hilary Duff or Selena Gomez or Demi Lovato.
  There's not all of these people who the system destroys.
  Yes.
  Without a net.
  Although with her, everything was wonderful.
  Everything was wonderful and she's never said otherwise.
  So yeah, so she was in movies.
  She was on TV.
  She was in Zorro for a few episodes.
  She was like, Mr.
 Disney knew I had a crush  on the actor who played Zorro.
  What's his name?  Is that Deep Disney Lore?  Anybody knows?  I don't think it's Deep Lore,  but I'm forgetting his name off the top.
  There was a time in my life I certainly would have known.
  Yeah.
  His name Guy.
  Like thinking that out.
  There was one of those guys named Guy for sure,  but was it?  Maybe.
  Or was, who was the Green Hornet?  Guy Williams.
  Guy Williams.
  I never would have gotten Williams.
  Wow, I'm gonna have it though.
  All right.
  Guy Williams is a perfect name for that man of that era.
  It's really good for an old actor.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Supposedly a 16th birthday present from Walt,  her arc on that show.
  Yes, that's what she said.
  Oh, she said it.
  Very odd.
  I missed Disney on my 16th birthday.
  I was like, what is he involved?  Mr.
 Disney was involved in a lot of weird,  like he was of course a very famously was like,  when you're in a bathing suit,  please cover up your navel  when you're doing these beach party movies.
  This is by the way, a story that my mother told  all the time to us when we were little.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
  Well documented on the internet too.
  Well, well documented in my house every few weeks  when I was aged three to 18.
  Now, why is this story being told so much  is my question and to who?  To you?  To my sister and I.
  To a boy.
  Uh-huh.
  And I believe it was my mom's way of explaining  that the reverence she had for Mr.
 Disney,  which is what she calls him in this documentary,  that she did do that when she was under contract  and while he was alive.
  I thought though that the beach blanket movies  have nothing to do with Disney.
  Well, that's her going out on her own.
  Well, she went out on her own and so while he was alive,  there were opportunities for Annette to show her navel  and Mr.
 Disney put his foot down  if she was still gonna be doing Disney stuff.
  Filthy navel magazines.
  Yes, so he wanted to make sure,  but yes, eventually you can get some Annette navel.
  Eventually.
  Once he's cold.
  I don't like, why does the word get bother me in that sense?  If I'm gonna underline that verb is the creepy word.
  Yeah, I agree.
  You can get some navel.
  But no, I think Walt Disney calling a very young woman  into his office to explain what he wanted is really creepy.
  Well, like in the beginning of weird Disney puritanicalism.
  Yeah.
  And Carlson puritanicalism.
  Well, right, this story probably is where it comes from  with my mother telling me I'm saying.
  Well, it was a warning about navel piercings  very popular in the 90s.
  Oh, sure, yeah.
  So that's probably where it started  where I was like, Walt, okay, I like Disney movies.
  Walt Disney didn't think women should show their navels.
  I don't like it when women show their navels.
  Got it, lesson learned.
  You felt like a real push and pull  when you went to the Wisconsin Dells every summer because.
  When the invisible woman got that new costume  and the invisible, when she got the one that showed her navel.
  Oh, yes, yeah.
  You know what I'm talking about, the 90s.
  The halter top kind of thing.
  Yeah, it was this real like sexy costume.
  I threw my issue away.
  I said, no, thank you.
  I showed my mother.
  I said, look at this, no way.
  And I threw it away.
  Is that actually true?  That's where I'm.
  That's not true.
  Okay.
  That's real that all of a sudden she had like a sexy outfit.
  But I did not believe it as an actual moment  that you proudly given the current context.
  It was not, I think you yours.
  What was your story with them?  You were like upset with Madonna at age seven or something.
  Yeah, I was recalling this with, yeah, that she's like, yeah,  the Disney is even involved with this.
  Yeah.
  Harlots.
  Uh-huh.
  No, I think this boa,  the way she seductively shakes a boa back and forth.
  Yeah.
  I did not.
  All of this, all the damage was done  sort of in the background for me.
  I never like performatively was,  I think saying anything or upset.
  Yeah.
  I was just like, when my friends were looking  at the naked picture on the internet,  I was closing my eyes at 15, 14.
  Something really, let's hope it's 12 or 13.
  But I don't know for sure.
  I'm not sure.
  I laugh, but I'm not that far off.
  We have very similar.
  We're very similar situations.
  So I can look at nude photos now.
  I just want to, like, it's not,  I'm just saying it's not like some weird,  I'm not as weird as that kid was is what I'm saying.
  As weird.
  Yeah, weird, but not as weird.
  Yeah.
  Oh wow, nude.
  Look at that navel.
  Also the way I said it was like,  I'm getting handed like Polaroids or something.
  I can look at a nude photo.
  Give me one right now.
  I don't need a permission slip or anything.
  Yeah, I don't have to call my mom and ask.
  Oh wow, I can see that girl's, sorry.
  What do you call the navels,  but like they're on your top parts?  What are those called?  Most girls have two of them, I believe.
  You know what, I don't want to know actually.
  Let me keep myself in the dark on this one.
  Top navels.
  Scientists are still investigating.
  Yes, so anyway, it was wonderful.
  Her experience even when Walt Disney,  apparently Walt Disney also protected her from Paul Anka.
  Yeah.
  That's in a couple sources.
  I saw that phrase and they were only a year apart in age.
  Right, but then they dated also.
  Yes.
  Oh, I didn't know this.
  They had a relationship and Puppy Love  is written about Annette.
  And they call it Puppy,  because that's what everyone said it was.
  How old was everyone when Puppy Love was,  am I allowed to think this is a nice story or not?  Oh, oh, well yeah.
  You said he was one year older than Annette?  Something like that.
  Whenever it is, it's weird.
  I don't even think we have to look it up,  but it's weird.
  Yikes.
  So then, yeah, so basically like,  how many listeners even know Paul?  I barely, I kind of know Paul Anka.
  I was wondering with you and Paul Anka,  because Paul Anka seems like a guy,  not that musically you would be,  but he's sort of in that realm of old guy.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  It wouldn't be that far off.
  It's just maybe a random chance that I have.
  I liked when he became the key  to unlocking the Michael Jackson archive,  because he had half recorded  the song Love Never Felt So Good.
  So he had like the most solid song  that they built the whole remix around.
  And one time I got a link to this music illuminati Zoom  that was happening during the deepest pandemic,  where they were like, everyone in the world,  Jeffrey Katzenberg was on the Zoom.
  Oh, right, yes, I remember this.
  I'm looking at him through windows,  like Ray Parker Jr.
 is on the Zoom.
  This is so weird.
  I'm just watching them like scratch their nose.
  This is the weirdest thing.
  And the big, Paul Anka, I think, sang My Way.
  Oh, right, right, which he wrote, yes, yes.
  I believe.
  I don't know.
  He wrote She's a Lady, Tom Jones.
  That's a big one.
  Tonight Show with Johnny Carson theme, Paul Anka.
  Yes.
  He's also like wrote Jingles,  because that's my first introduction  is when he's on The Simpsons on that Halloween episode.
  You got Paul Anka's guarantee,  dear to you, Void and Tennessee.
  Okay.
  I think he's a.
.
.
  I didn't know who he was then, really.
  I just know he's like a tuxedo guy.
  But he did a lot of Annette collabs.
  Yeah, there's a full album.
  Including dating.
  Yeah, right.
  There was an album and a relationship.
  I believe it's Annette sings Anka.
  Now I don't wanna deal with this album.
  I wanna say this will be for later.
  And later can be in my personal life.
  It doesn't have to be on the podcast.
  You're preparing for Annette to Nichella.
  Yes.
  Yes, thank you.
  Yes.
  Yes, thank you.
  So yeah, Paul Anka and all that.
  So anyway, yeah.
  So like Annette was just doing a lot of stuff  and they were just kind of, yeah.
  This is the prototype for Quadrant Star or something.
  Like what would you call it?  Somebody who can do it all.
  Yeah, triple threat, I guess.
  And that they can run the entire publicity machine.
  And not only that, but like star of movies too.
  And then there's the song from the movie.
  I think all that had not been super trained.
  Although what am I saying?  Probably like Judy Garland is kind of that.
  Yeah, I mean.
  Me doing it really comes from Annette.
  Yes.
  And here's the thing.
  I don't have a lot of childhood fondness for Annette.
  I never, I knew who Annette was.
  I liked her perfectly fine.
  Honestly, my memory of her, and this is sad,  was her in a wheelchair on the cover  of the National Enquirer for a decade.
  Oh no.
  Because my grandmother and mother used to read this  and it would be like Annette's last days.
  And I swear that was 10 years.
  And I was like.
  Just ghoulishly finding bad photos.
  Yes, which they would do with a lot of different.
  But Liz Taylor's last day.
  Liz Taylor really got it.
  Yeah.
  And I was like, she's had her last day for 15 years.
  I mean, poor woman's been in, anyway.
  So that was honestly kind of my memory of her.
  So your mom did not press Annette on you.
  You need to like this.
  Just told the story.
  And she would show, if there was some sort of special  on the Mouseketeers, I would watch it.
  But that stuff isn't very accessible.
  I wasn't watching that and going, wow, Cubby.
  Yeah.
  There's nothing on there that's so great.
  Cubby the drummer for the Carpenters  after Karen stopped playing the drums herself.
  Really?  I didn't know that.
  She was a killer drummer and then he took over.
  And he was very good too.
  I didn't know that.
  I kind of did know about the,  I had some book about the Mickey Mouse Club  that was released in the mid 90s that I read  and knew every, I like completely knew it front to back.
  Even though the show itself didn't,  I think just it being Disney lore and Walt lore.
  Yeah.
  I was interested in it.
  Something he had his hands in is like kind of part of it.
  All right, that sounds weird too.
  I don't know.
  I didn't even know that.
  I mean, just no wonder that's like, you know,  he's like a day on that lot for him is checking in  with Yale Gracie and working on like 20,000 leagues sets  and things that are going into Disneyland.
  And then he'll go pop over to the Mouseketeer set.
  And now that kiddo is doing the-  Starlight Bowl.
  It's like part of the,  it feels like some of that early lore of that lot,  which I do still have fondness for.
  I only a few years ago learned  that the Rodding Zorro sets were up for a while  on that lot.
  Oh, there?  Like, yeah, in Burbank.
  I mean, some of it, I think was shot at the ranch,  various ranches throughout town.
  But I think they built some on the Burbank lot  and in one of the facelifts,  maybe right before, right at the start of Eisner,  at some point they gutted it to build more office buildings.
  That's what happens to a lot of these,  like, cause 20th century Fox was sprawling  with these like, just like acres of sets  for Planet of the Apes and stuff.
  And now it's all just boring apartment,  like a universal starting to like piece that stuff off,  turn it into other things.
  That's what happened.
  What a shame, history.
  Yeah, leave the Zorro sets.
  Yeah, leave them crumbling, rotten termite ridden.
  Don't fix them or anything.
  Smelly.
  So yeah, so I think a couple of years ago,  I was just, sometimes I will look,  especially like old stars, believe it or not,  I'll look and see, did this person have an album?  I think maybe it was like started when I discovered  that William Frawley, Fred Murch from I Love Lucy  has an album.
  He sang the old ones.
  He sang the old ones, which one of these days,  Jason will sing the old ones.
  I promise you that, that's my shot.
  Mike's calling his shot.
  Now does that, maybe that is part of Jason's month  or is that part of Michael month?  Oh yeah.
  Cause that's my dream for you.
  Okay.
  And then you going just full, you get like a whole orchestra.
  Yes.
  You like actually pay for it out of,  we're not doing karaoke covers, we're getting all the,  we're getting the guys in and then you're really,  Jason's like singing like charmingly, you know,  off key here and there and you're like, no, no, no.
  That's right.
  Shortening bread, shortening bread.
  You go up on shortening bread.
  Go up with it and then you don't and flat.
  Again, little smack and then like smack, smack,  because I love you and you kiss him on the forehead.
  All right, you're my star, get it right.
  Don't make me call Seth MacFarlane and replace you.
  He can do this in two seconds.
  He knows these songs like the back of his hand.
  And Stewie could sing it.
  And get two takes, one Seth, one Stewie.
  He switches between the voices, it's crazy.
  So, so yeah, so, so at that point, once in a while,  and I think everybody should do this.
  If there's an actor you like,  Google and see if they made an album.
  Cause I think it's more than you think.
  A lot of people have done it.
  Cause I think once you're like famous,  you by the way, I'm a good singer.
  Did you know that?  I mean, people already forget like,  I forgot Scarlett Johansson has an album.
  And I was singing.
  And like everyone's tried it from the young to the old.
  Of course, Brent Spiner data has his album,  Old Yellow Eyes is back.
  It sends a future cold shot.
  That's a future cold shot for sure.
  So yeah, so I was just looking through it.
  And I knew Annette was a recording artist,  but I didn't know that she has 17 albums and like 30 singles.
  Wow.
  And I was like, wow, I really,  I thought it was like a couple and no, it's a ton.
  And again, there's so much here that it's good.
  We're just going to go through my whole team,  but we could start even just then this one is an on Apple  music.
 So I just have something queued up on YouTube.
  And this is Annette sings golden surfing hits from 1965.
  Whoa.
 Whole surfing album.
  Yes.
 It's I'll, I'll read the track listing sidewalk surfing.
  Oh, that's the redo of Catch A Wave.
  It's about skateboarding and I was saying you did right.
  I know a lot of these, probably you're going to know a lot of these  surfing USA surfer boys surf city, surf and Safari,  ride the wild surf Balboa blue boy to boy to love just strictly surfing.
  No one could be prouder.
  And then it says, and just for fun, the monkey's uncle,  Oh, with the beach boys, right?  Yeah.
 The song from the movie.
  It starts this movie, which I've never seen.
  If I have not gone past to the opening performance of Annette and the beach  boys, I think my mom showed that to me and nothing about it is memorable.
  Like many live action old Disney movies is not, you know,  we were trying to watch, was it Darby O'Gill and the little people?  And we got like 45 minutes in, we're like, this is boring.
  Oh my God.
  The more it's so, yeah, an interesting turn lately where like they put out  the new Haunted Mansion trailer and you were watching.
  It's like, this looks all right.
  It's looks, this, this looks kind of good.
  Like I want to see this.
  You know, there is this weird tradition with Disney, like, cause you'll hear,  like this is, this is Disney's attempt to do like modern music, but they net  like Walt's squareness, I feel like has just lasted so long.
  Like they're always a little out of it.
  There's a, they're at least five years behind.
  Yeah.
  And the most things.
  And when they do cool, like the coolest they can be is like prestigious cool.
  I feel like in the sense that it's like a classic, like Oh, little mermaid  beauty and the beast, they feel like a return to the classic Disney films.
  It's not cool necessarily.
  Sure.
  I mean, they're cool, but what for kids, but even that they had these  adult contemporary hits of beauty and the beast and whole new world,  but you wouldn't call this cool.
  No, you would not call it.
  It's very easy.
  Listen, which Shrek was kind of cool when it came out.
  Exactly.
  What of the zeitgeist smash mouth?  What could be cool?  Yeah.
  Can I say something that might make you mad real quick about smash mouth?  Which one?  Me or him?  No, Scott.
  Oh Scott.
  Okay.
  Anything I say about smash mouth, you'll be fine with it.
  Sure.
  I think that was it.
  That's my astral lounge.
  That's my mind palace.
  That's where I go.
  I just go into the cover of that record.
  Your mental astral lounge.
  Yeah.
  I think there's a period of time, and I don't know what years I'm talking about  where somebody could hear walking on the sun and some of Odellay and go, these  guys are both on the same level.
  That person was me.
  I got into those things at the same time at that age.
  Yeah, of course.
  What I liked on the radio was like, I was like, what's my way into current music?  Me, a 13 year old who's like I'm 40 for no particular reason.
  Cause I read a Mickey Mouse club book and I was like, Oh, I like music.
  It's the current music.
  It sounds like older music.
  Yeah.
  There's this, oh, walking on the sun is cool and new pollution is cool.
  They were the same to me.
  And then one became this kind of like era defining, never ending musician.
  And one became a, a band that plays at COVID spreading motorcycle rallies.
  They did do that, but they also play the Greek and I bet they play the starlight  bowl if you pay them the right amount of money.
  Sure.
  Well, that's something.
  No, they only, they only get sun walkers, a smash mouth trip.
  Were you, which does feature Steve Harwell.
  Yeah.
  He said, well, yeah, of course he's not, he's not singing though.
  Uh, he's just playing a tambourine.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You gotta pay me more money to see these pipes.
  Yeah.
  Did you like it?  It ain't no joke.
  Did you, cause I, you know, I was going through Astral Lounge,  which is the album after.
  Well, all star.
  Why are you doing this on Astral Lounge?  But the rest of the like singles are more retro rock.
  All-star is kind of an outlier, a kind of a quirky novelty song.
  They were not this whole thing where smash mouth is the biggest joke of a band.
  They are not the word.
  They're not the worst band of that.
  Right.
  They did, I think walking on the sun was pretty solid.
  Yeah.
  I just wondered if you had ever gotten into some of the Astral Lounge songs.
  No, not past.
  Okay.
  Or like can't get enough of you, baby.
  Or come on, come on.
  I'm not so into that one.
  I, with some things in enough Pizza Hut commercials, it becomes difficult to  can't hardly hear on its own musical.
  We can't hardly wait.
  Okay.
  Anything?  Oh, that sounds right.
  Um, so anyway, uh, so let me just put a hit plan.
  This is, you get the vibe on this thing.
  And I just want to see, cause obviously a beach boys aficionado.
  Okay.
  And that's, and that has obviously coming in here in a second.
  Okay.
  That's a capable cover.
  That's the beach boys first song, surf and, uh, which Brian wrote for a class  project, if listeners want to guess my called shot, is it have something to do  with Brian Wilson?  Uh, we'll see.
  I'll have to wait till the shot is called.
  All right.
  Of course.
  Uh, so, you know, there's  this is a, what if a bunch of like, uh, anonymous 50 year olds all do the beach  boys parts?  Yes.
  And it's like, it is funny.
  Cause like the songs, it's like,  it's like swinging.
  Like some of the beach early beach was like, you wouldn't necessarily, they are  cool, but they like, aren't cool.
  Also.
  Yeah.
  I don't, yeah.
  They don't think they start getting cool till a little, yeah.
  You might say there's some listeners are like, they have never been cool.
  You're saying, but if you, if you know, you know, if you know the stuff, if you  know, yeah, um, but no, this is all it's, it's capable of surf music as played on  the Batman TV series.
  Exactly what I was thinking.
  Yes.
  If Batman could dance to this, no problem.
  Uh, so this was later, this is after some of the albums I'm going to talk about,  but like there's so, yeah, so many different things and there's, she did  soundtracks for movies, like muscle beach party and Annette's beach party.
  Uh, let me ask this question.
  Annette at bikini beach.
  She had her, it was accompanying the movies.
  Yeah.
  The, what do you, what's your general feeling about her voice?  Well, this, okay.
  So here's, here's the thing.
  We'll get into this now in these next couple albums I want to talk about.
  Cause this is really the, the, the meat, I think of the episode.
  She has a voice that I think is very similar and this is, it's better than  who I'm about to compare her to, but it's similar to Ringo Starr.
  Yeah.
  I see what you're saying.
  It's not like she can like carry a tune really great, but there's something fun  about it now, I think she's a better singer than Ringo for sure, but there  is a similar style I feel to it.
  And they, they early on, I think they started doubling up her vocals too.
  Smart of Kay.
  To fill it out a little bit.
  And they, she's not, most of these songs, she's not being asked to like  really belt or anything, but there is something to it.
  I understand why they were like, oh, this is kind of something.
  It's charisma.
  Right for the time.
  And this is not far off from this is exactly the musical  arc of Hillary Duff.
  I feel, I feel like they bought good songs for her.
  They got like, these are solid.
  So yesterday this one, we found this one on a shelf, this will work.
  And yeah, you don't ask her to hit that.
  It literally becomes another person hitting the high note, but nobody  cares, people like those songs.
  And it's fine.
  So yesterday is a pretty good song.
  I haven't heard that in a while.
  So yeah, so, but there is the voice works for all of it and they  assemble people around her.
  They assemble, of course, the Sherman brothers who wrote monkey's uncle.
  Yes.
  And wrote tons of stuff, Disney stuff, Mary Poppins.
  We have, I feel like we even talked about them enough on this podcast.
  It's true.
  It's probably its own Sherman brothers thing.
  Yeah.
  Uh, small worlds, the Winnie the Pooh stuff.
  Uh, came into the office.
  And they have a store, just like the A&E biography.
  And they have no like, and boy, he was a pain in the ass.
  If they do, you got to get like a cocktail in them and it's laid.
  And even that's not that mean I bet.
  But yeah, they're the, they don't, I don't know if they call them Mr.
  Disney, but it sounds like in my mind, they do even there's a documentary  that's pretty good that Ben Stiller made a couple of years ago, uh, about them.
  Is that the boys?  Yeah.
  The boy made that movie.
  I believe so.
  Really?  Uh huh.
  Produced it.
  Produced it.
  Produced it.
  Weird.
  Yeah.
  One of the sons, I think.
  Oh yeah.
  One of his sons, cause they, cause the Sherman brothers weren't getting along.
  One of them's passed away.
  But yeah, the boys and waking sleeping beauty are both on Disney plus.
  Yeah.
  They're very good.
  And pretty good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Good stuff and critical in some moments.
  So.
  Yeah.
  Not like the A&E biography.
  No.
  Oh, you know what they did?  The closest thing that they said that was critical, but they painted it as like  cute was that the ears, the mouse ears cost $50 each.
  And if you lost them, your pay was docked and a net lost three and had her pay  docked, which was like $180 a week or something.
  Well, she, but they had options for 500 a week.
  I think when she started getting.
  Well, eventually, yes, but I think early on she probably went home with nothing  one week when her ears kept getting stolen.
  Wow.
  Only way you'll learn.
  But you know, yeah, that was why they kept those Koopa hats in the studio.
  Smart.
  Yeah.
  Smart.
  All right.
  Let's count them all.
  28, 29, 30.
  You remember what happened.
  Oh, the Mouseketeers.
  You keep those goddamn hats here.
  There's the new Mickey Mouse club.
  Damn it.
  Blah.
  Bowser threw up on me.
  Again.
  So anyway, so these are, these are the albums I saw that I really was, I  guess tickled by again, I'm saying weird sounding stuff, but I, I.
  It was fun.
  So there's three albums I'm going to talk about.
  One is called Dancinet.
  One is called Hawaiianet and one is called Italianet and she's making the,  what do you call this?  Like the pizza chef, like the pizza chef on the box.
  Yeah.
  She's doing this.
  Yeah.
  And these are funny.
  These make me laugh.
  And the Hawaiianet one is actually, I think the albums in the Polynesian  lobby in one of the displays.
  I think that's right.
  Yeah.
  Pretty close to the Trader Sam's.
  They have over there.
  So you've probably heard pineapple princess.
  Yes.
  Scott.
  No, you've never heard.
  I mean, that's like her number one most played song on Spotify.
  Yes.
  As if that would change the equation for me.
  You still have to look her up on Spotify.
  Which I did.
  And I was like, Oh, pineapple princess, number one monkeys uncle number two.
  I believe was her first hit, which I'm not a big tall Paul guy.
  I'll be honest with you.
  I know.
  I'm not such a tall Paul.
  I am a pineapple princess guy.
  All right.
  Okay.
  And I know how to play it.
  I see that's a spicy take.
  I say making the Italian hand.
  I know.
  I know how to play it on a ukulele too.
  I will say that.
  Yeah.
  I learned how to play ukulele over the pandemic.
  But no, I probably also what listener also was like, you've probably yes.
  Oh, we've heard pineapple princess.
  Get through it.
  I think there are a decent amount of our listeners who know pineapple princess  already.
  Okay.
  I think that's so this is just.
  You may have heard this.
  Is this in something else?  I use it in some told it's what's in the barber star go to.
  It's in barbara star though.
  Yeah.
  I'm saying that.
  All day as he plays ukulele on the hill above the bay princess.
  I love you.
  You're the sweetest girl I've seen.
  It's in one of her movies.
  I'm gonna marry and you'll be my queen.
  I saw a bone.
  I'm a boy on a wall who I'm floating down the bay on a crocodile.
  He weighed at me and he swam ashore and I knew he'd be mine forevermore.
  I got princess.
  He calls me.
  So this is yes, this is pineapple princess.
  It's a single that reached top 15 in three major US trade publications.
  Wow, she's demolished the Beatles.
  Yeah.
  Sherman Brothers written and a lot of the stuff that the Sherman Brothers wrote is so  funny because they get an assignment and they do what you would assume the research that  was available to them about the topic.
  So when they're writing a song about Hawaii, they go, well, what do we know about Hawaii?  Okay.
  Well, pineapples are there.
  So a princess.
  Okay.
  And then like, what's the name of one of the cities?  Okay.
  Croc.
  Okay.
  Like very base level stuff, which is very, so I think that's part of, I'm trying to dissect  to crocodile threat.
  Why?  Thanks, Bob.
  Dynamite.
  So, so I think most of them marry crocodiles.
  Yeah, I read that.
  I think they, that wouldn't surprise me if that's in one of these songs.
  So I, I guess the Sherman Brothers like simplicity of songwriting is partly why I like it.
  I do like Annette singing cause it's very like Ringo.
  Yeah.
  It feels like it's like the most kitschy music possible.
  It's like the most there should be playing inside some weird Tiki store on Magnolia and  Burbank.
  Cause this is in the, there's shelf after shelf of this in the John Waters, Simpson's mall  store.
  Absolutely.
  That is the perfect place.
  It's that entire aisles of music.
  And all of it is yes.
  And that is like camp and kitsch and almost like even the bad Annette stuff is good, but  here let's play a song called Hawaiianette, which is the first track on Hawaiianette.
  And this is what I'm saying with the Sherman Brothers where they're just like, well, what  is it about Hawaii?  What is Hawaii again?  Like we had already 11 songs by the end of the day.
  They learned some words.
  Okay.
  Things I couldn't understand.
  Oh, that's good.
  Cause we know we wouldn't know either.
  Cause Annette doesn't speak the language.
  Like I, I, it's really funny to think of these guys who probably weren't that old when they  were writing this, but in my mind they were 90.
  No, but this was like huge at the time.
  The Hawaiian Island, the Pacific, you know, the tea bars and that sort of thing after  the war, you know?  Yes.
  Uh, let me play a song called Blue Moo Moo.
  I believe that's not Sherman Brothers.
  I think it's a good song.
  Old fashioned.
  Old fashioned.
  It's great.
  Yeah.
  Nothing like a Moo Moo.
  That's right.
  The boys whistle at my Blue Moo Moo.
  People could be hiding under that tree.
  So that's the song about her getting harassed.
  Jeez.
  But that was not Sherman Brothers.
  That was again, him, Jack Pittman who wrote that.
  Okay.
  Believe it or not.
  I know you got fooled.
  Yeah.
  Cause of that's that trademark is certainly Shermany, but it had that Jack Pittman edge.
  Yes.
  Of course.
  Delved into pressing issues for women.
  His biggest hit was Beyond the Reef, which was a song Bing Crosby recorded.
  Not Beyond the Sea, Beyond the Reef.
  Beyond the Reef.
  The sea is not beyond the reef.
  I know that he had the most hits in the world.
  This is Pittman.
  I'm going to make an observation here.
  In addition to this being like the campiest thing, this is the whitest music I've ever  heard.
  A hundred percent it is.
  There is not one, one percentage of any other influence.
  When I said this was big after the war in America, like big and white America, white  America loved Tiki stuff, loved Hawaii tourism.
  No, this is somebody with a basic understanding of where Hawaii is and what it might be.
  Yeah.
  But even that, I just meant like in terms of the amount of soul, if there, if you like  ran this through a computer, how much soul on a scale of zero to a hundred.
  Negative five.
  You broke the machine.
  The soul searching machine.
  It's like children's music.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But it's, yeah, but it sounds old.
  So it's like a little bit elevated.
  It's like elevated children's music.
  So yeah.
  So let me go to, let me go to dance in that real quick here.
  So dance in that is 1961 and it's an album full of Annette trying to get you to do different  dances.
  And again, who do we want involved?  Of course the Sherman brothers who know all about dancing.
  They know how to light up a dance floor in 62.
  What year are we talking?  Yeah.
  61.
  Yeah.
  This is called dance Annette.
  Funky.
  This is now you got your soul.
  Dance Annette, dance Annette.
  I love to dance.
  Dance every chance.
  Dance Annette, dance Annette.
  Don't say maybe.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Come along and dance with me.
  Roll up the rug.
  Come on.
  Cool people.
  So that does groove a little more than Hawaiianette.
  Don't you think?  It clears that bar.
  Yes.
  More than Hawaiianette.
  How often are you just earnestly listening to this music?  I haven't listened to it in a while, but I will like pineapple princess will be on that'll  pop up on like my random.
  So yeah, once in a while, I, not for again, not for a while.
  I go through a lot of phases with like, what old thing am I listening to for a while?  And Annette was a couple of years ago at this point.
  So I guess I should have known when it was fresher.
  Now you've now there's some album made by like the guy who played Jimmy Olsen.
  Jimmy Olsen live at the Apollo.
  I got Jason look at that up on the real quick stage.
  It's the first minute and a half album.
  They still had to release it.
  Where are we talking about the George Reeves TV show?  It's called like, say it was like all Superman themed.
  I'm saved again or something.
  Hey guys, who's ready to boogie?  Save me boogie.
  Save me.
  Save me.
  Save me.
  Save me, please.
  Save me, please.
  Song is called they.
  So there's, okay, let me list the names of the songs on dancing at rock a Charleston  rock and roll waltz, which is about Annette seeing her parents trying to waltz to a rock  and roll song.
  But the problem is I think it's in the wrong time signature.
  Oh yeah.
  You can't, you got, it was three, four, right?  It's not when it's not like a Weezer rock song, which is often in three, four, it's just often  in waltz time.
  So it's not like a Weezer rock song.
  Uh, exactly.
  So Annette also covers the hokey pokey on this album.
  Jason, I think, are you excited about that?  I am excited.
  You want to hear a little of that?  She puts her own spin on it.
  I mean, if you're going to dance.
  You put your right foot in, you put your right foot out, you put your right foot in and you  shake it all about.
  You do the hokey pokey.
  You got those little horns, the horn stabs.
  All right.
  You get the idea.
  This song is called Rock-a-cha.
  This is interesting.
  Interesting percussion.
  They did a lot of research, I think.
  I like this the way I like, like the underwater part of Small World, you know?  Sure.
  Well, it's a Sherwin Brothers song.
  Yeah.
  On some level, I think we have to be wired to enjoy it.
  Yeah.
  I think because of all the Sherman Brothers, but it's in there.
  Yeah.
  I like, I do again, there's so much stuff that references like other countries and other  places and there's just no, they don't know anything about it.
  They know nothing.
  Cha-cha-cha is what they say over there.
  What you think?  Well down in Kenya, they do the Kenya bop.
  Yeah.
  So, so I'm trying to think here.
  I don't want to.
  Anyway, I asked, I was like, my mom must have listened to this at the time.
  Oh yeah.
  Because she was, my mom born in 55, I believe.
  And I don't know, have I said on the show, I don't know if I've said to you guys personally  or at least you Mike, that she, this might add, this might give you a little important  piece of how I was raised is that I did have a mother who, she's young when the Beatles  are happening and she's like, absolutely not.
  Yeah.
  No.
  Filth.
  And still.
  Like this year I'm talking because there's been so many documentaries.
  There's get back is the Rick Rubin thing.
  My dad is making her watch all of it.
  So I believe here in 2023, she has maybe decided she is coming around on the Beatles.
  So when I hear that, I'm like, what's this?  What was she listening to?  She must've had some net out.
  Wow.
  I asked her, we will maybe get an answer by then.
  Okay, great.
  That's so interesting too, because your dad's had a 40 year, 40 year project basically.
  Yeah.
  Like in time, if I start now, if I start now, when Paul is 80, but it's always, I always  have the questions of like, so wait, do you not like, do you want to know a secret or  like what's the song that's from a musical also?  There was you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm like, don't you like that?  Cause that's from a musical.
  You like those?  And she's like, no, terrible version.
  Like he couldn't sing like whoever else sing.
  Do you know Jason?  It's from the music band.
  Robert Preston did it in the movie.
  I think the album version, the Beatles version is pretty sweet.
  Like I think it's very charming.
  Of course it is.
  But on my mom, at least until very recently heard that and it sounded like the sex pistols.
  Like she's running it through these punkers ruining the Robert Preston's beautiful ballad.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, I just, I'm curious what she's going to say if she takes me back.
  All right.
  Well, we may have to do a second episode.
  So let's go to the, I can come back.
  I just, I want to make sure we get to my favorite stuff is, which is on Italianettes.
  And if you, you'll see a picture, I'm sure we'll post it.
  And if you didn't see it, this is the cover and it's so funny.
  Pretty good.
  She's got the tune.
  Hey, I'm doing the pizza chef.
  But in such a nice way.
  It's a wonderful way.
  So she's doing it like a magazine food.
  It should be in the magazine or something.
  That's very awesome.
  And we'll play the first song, which is called an Italianette.
  Again, think of those old man, like what is, what are Italians?  Pizza pie.
  Yeah, that's it.
  So good.
  What a good line.
  The second verse is about like, then I saw the sauce boy.
  What are we having?  The pizza boy.
  The themed albums I wish she had kept up more.
  Cause like Hawaiian and Italian.
  I wish we went to like a Sufjan Stevens thing.
  Oh, do like the UN, do all the UN countries.
  Yeah.
  So this, I don't know.
  So, so far, would you say what's your favorite Italian at your favorite or would you say  that dancing that was, there was one of the, it was that tropical one with pineapple princess.
  No, they'd had the percussion.
  That was kind of interesting.
  It was several songs back.
  Well, we'll have to go back.
  I already don't remember which one you're talking about.
  Okay.
  So there's another here.
  Let me play a song that I, this is called please, please senior.
  Say senior.
  How do you say it in Italian?  They didn't know.
  They didn't know.
  Why should we?  And I was listening to this and I really hadn't, I listened to this and I was like, is this  legit?  Good.
  Senor.
  Senor.
  Senor.
  Senor.
  Senor.
  Senor.
  They have like the old school, like backup singers that pop up in here in a second too,  that really like lays it on for the, for the nostalgia for this type of thing.
  Love can't be bought for a dowry of gold.
  Triggers.
  Yeah.
  For the bridge we need triggers.
  You gotta make sure.
  I see what this is.
  This is a step above.
  This is closer.
  We're getting into more, more, more.
  Like Gorr is like what the ultimate, the good version of what this is.
  Yes.
  It's getting closer.
  And this is a Sherman Brothers as well.
  Let the boy, the boy.
  That's, that's kind of good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of good.
  Yeah.
  I think they bring in the full like chorus here.
  Then you got your like Disney orchestra guy.
  Like I was like, I think this song is really, it's really good.
  Slow down, you ain't racing yet.
  Well, I haven't listened to the other songs though.
  So by comparison.
  So I was like, all right, this is good.
  This could be in like a Tarantino could use.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  That's what I was trying to think.
  Is it in something?  Is it like in a movie?  I was just going through every song to like try to remind myself of all this stuff.
  And I was like, Oh, this one, this is like the standout of all of it in a legitimate  way.
  Now, don't worry.
  I'm not going to end or anything on a legit good one.
  Cause why would we want to do that?  No, we need to snark.
  We have to do that.
  Yeah.
  So you know what?  Like, let's just go to this and then we'll sort of have bonus round stuff.
  There's one song on Italianette that's I think, yeah, the perfect example of what I'm talking  about.
  It is not a Sherman Brothers song.
  And it's written by some people that don't even like you click.
  There's not even a click thing when you go to the discogs, but it's called, where's the  Spamone?  I love that dessert.
  You know, I'm always asking that.
  Yeah.
  You wake up from nightmares saying, Oh, where's the Spamone?  Let's go real quick.
  Talk Spamone.
  Never been a big fan.
  Really?  Is that blasphemous?  No, I mean, okay.
  Well, let's make sure we're talking about the same thing.
  We're talking chocolate, pistachio and cherries.
  Correct.
  That's Spamone.
  It's like an ice cream or a custard or yeah.
  But probably other things.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Never, never cared for.
  I would, if you had a dish of it, I'll have it and I'm not going to throw it up or anything,  but it's never been like my go-to ice cream.
  Okay.
  I didn't even know that was pistachio.
  It seemed like I've never had a version where, cause I, I'll do a good pistachio ice cream  or gelato or whatever, but I feel like you have it in kind of a very cranked out, like  it's just, I, I, that flavor is just green to me.
  You know, I think that might, I'm trying to think, maybe I haven't had Spamone in a two  decades or something.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's extract.
  I was thinking of it as green and it's gross or something, but maybe I'm wrong.
  Maybe really good Spamone would be really, but if you're getting that as like, that's  your dessert at the Italian restaurant, that's kind of an Italian restaurant for your parents.
  Right.
  It's probably.
  We can go over to Vitello's.
  I'm sure they have a Spamone.
  That does sound right.
  Right?  They're pretty good Vitello's.
  For people who don't live around here, Vitello's the Italian restaurant that's famous for where  Robert Blake went before he killed his wife.
  Yeah.
  Which was on the street.
  He went back in for his gun.
  He couldn't have shot anyone.
  He left his gun in the restaurant.
  Yeah.
  He was going to get his gun.
  Wait, I should say legally he did not do it.
  But if you are a person who believes that he, I walked, we walked the path.
  We went and found the spot.
  Yeah.
  We're steps away from this place.
  And Frank Stallone has played there, I know.
  Dick Van Dyke has played there as well.
  And I've looked into us doing a show there, but I think it doesn't make sense.
  The listeners want dinner too.
  It's a little bit like, would you like to come see us do a live podcast, but also eat  a bunch of ravioli for like $45?  Well, it's.
  Maybe it would.
  Yeah.
  I'm not us.
  I'm not allowed to say that, but if I was a podcast I liked, I would probably like that.
  They've, they've tried to get boozer over the years.
  Like they used to have the giant menu with like just bread sauce on whatever you want.
  Yeah.
  Kind of place.
  And then they like cut it way down.
  Well they, but they also not talking menu.
  They also like do comedy shows there now, I think.
  Well, there's like a supper club.
  Are we still recording?  Tell us a little.
  Huh?  We need a term for where it veers so local that it's, it's inaccessible.
  Localizing.
  Localizing.
  It's notable for being also across the street from a Coyote pizza cafe, which is the first  executive chef, I think of California pizza kitchen.
  You taught Wolfgang Puck how to make pizza.
  Is that true?  Yes.
  And this is a magical strip on Tahunaga over here.
  Yeah.
  And it also it's notable for having a salad dressing that people believe induces labor  that like, Oh boy, this baby's still, I gotta get this baby out.
  Well you gotta go have the salad.
  Can we do the block of Tahunaga for Jason month?  Oh, that'd be fun.
  The little shops.
  It's close to where I live.
  That's right.
  Sure.
  I like the proximity.
  And the end of the month we'll say where you live.
  Oh good.
  I am already getting pretty close.
  You're already talking to me.
  A little head, yeah.
  A little head.
  So I'm just going to roll in the neighborhood.
  So okay.
  Let's do this and then we'll do some bonus.
  Where's the Spamoni?  And I'll play it without further comment.
  So they really, they sleep.
  They kind of do have a little fake out here.
  They think you're going to get one of those beautiful love songs.
  We're kind of sketching a picture of a lady.
  Cooking was an art.
  When you came to dinner, this is how her meal would start.
  She brought us plenty pasta, minestrone, linguini, margherita.
  Sorry.
  That was the fake out.
  That was the surprise.
  The surprise was it's fast.
  And she's going to list Italian.
  She's going to surprise you with a list of Italian foods that you haven't seen anywhere  on this album yet.
  There's been references to pizza, but you haven't gotten a rapid fire.
  Like almost like M and M when he gets in that really fast wrapping mode, but this is a net  spinning straight fire.
  See if she gets to mom's spaghetti.
  Spitting fire.
  Oh, see what I went back too far.
  Let's hear it.
  Here we go.
  Prepare for it.
  Cause it's a really fast.
  I think this time it's going to stay slow.
  I don't, yeah, see.
  She brought us plenty pasta, minestrone, linguini, margherita.
  Mustacholi, gargherita, spaghetti, baccalotta.
  Ravioli, pizza roll, frittata, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta,  pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta,  pasta, spaghetti, gati, food, pasta, pasta with  I mean, where's the Bimoni did not chart? I will say that it was not one of her hits.
  There wasn't a separate Bimoni craze going on, but there'd been like a twist stuff.
  All the artists are doing Bimoni songs.
 Exactly.
 So yes, this is just a list.
 Again,  whoever's writing this, just what do we know about Italians? What do we nothing? Yes, there's nothing.
  Let's go to the store.
 Bring a pen.
 Let's go to the teller.
 Write in our lyrics.
 Let's go to  the tellers.
 Look at the menu.
 Bring your gun just in case.
 That's just, that's not reference  to the other thing.
 Everyone just had a gun on them back in the old days.
 Oh, of course.
 Yeah.
  Oh, Sherman brother.
 Yeah.
 If they need to show.
 Oh, it's your brothers.
 Keep that.
 Yeah.
 They keep  that thing on them.
 If he asked us to write a 20th song today, the third Sherman's coming out.
  The one who talks back.
 He insists on another meeting at Chili John's.
 I swear to God.
 Local,  local.
 Local.
 Local.
 Local.
 It's pretty good.
 It's good.
 Try it.
  I was, I'm realizing now that I was saying the, uh, everything was wonderful.
 It is really like  that Hanna Barbera, uh, uh, thing.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Exactly the same.
 It sure was.
  For some reason when old, like really old people are talking about show business, it's always,  everything was great.
 You can't ever say anything was bad.
 Yeah.
 Or you can, and you can say  horrifying.
 Yes.
 It was wonderful.
 I was, they, they, oh, the handcuffs, they only, uh, dug into  my wrist somewhat as I was kept at the studio all night.
 They'd come in, they'd check on me after  72 hours.
 The hole was one, the Waltz hole.
 He knew how to build a theme park and he knew how  to build a hole.
 Mr.
 Disney didn't like how high my high heels were.
 So he dangled me over a vat  of acid.
 To make the heels shorter.
 He was right to be upset though.
 I hadn't cleared the inches  with him.
 I hadn't cleared those heels.
 But then there's also like the like Kitty Kelly had a hopper,  like the seedy Hollywood Babylon kind of like.
 Sure.
 So you're saying, yes, there were some people  that were.
 There is a lane, there is a seedy or tabloid kind of like.
 Yes, that's true.
 This is  outrageous.
 What's his name? The fill up station guy who had the book that I have sitting on there.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Who would get, it was just like a pimp.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 He doesn't, I don't know.
 I  should, I haven't read this book.
 It's sitting at my mother.
 It was my mother's book.
 I'm sitting in my  it's sitting on my table.
 Oh, this is the, it's the someone plays him in that California.
 Yes, in the  in the Ryan Murphy show.
 Yeah.
 But I do wonder if he was like, and then I scored a couple prostitutes  for Greta Garbo.
 And he was like, and it was wonderful.
 And they made love all night and they  were on opiates and it was wonderful.
 Wonderful.
 It was terrific.
 So maybe that was maybe just the  way people talked is really what it's more about attitude.
 You know, that's what's sinking us now.
  We're all so upset on Twitter.
 Maybe we get on Twitter and say, what's wonderful right now.
  Feel better was, uh, there was a few days of Twitter discourse of like, you know what movies  used to be nice for the nice people and the Hayes code had a lot of merits and everyone,  people want to bring the older than nine.
 Like eventually everyone's like, okay, I think the  people writing the Hayes code things are all like 19 and don't know any better.
 Like you have no idea  of the history of this.
 I can't tell.
 Look, where are we old? No, we're not.
 We're younger people  at heart.
 We're younger people.
 I just said this on the Mario episode.
 Teenage music.
  That's right.
 This is what the young people like good teenage music back when all the rooms were,  they were recorded and had lead paint.
 You know? Yeah, that's true.
 Would it make people tougher?  They were drinking your milk and you stand around your lead paint.
 Uh, well, you know what? This is  actually interesting.
 Let me, let's do this now.
 Uh, people might be clamoring for more in that music,  but this is a thought exercise I wanted to give.
 And if I had more time, I would have,  I came up with an idea and I wasn't able to complete it because it would have taken a lot  of time and, uh, you know, you'll, you'll know why in a second, uh, saying that we're around today.
  Okay.
 And Annette had a comeback album to make.
 Uh, I think a good title for this album would have  been, would be internet and it would be about all the modern conveniences that we have now with our  phones and our computers.
 And I think I did, I think for a second about making a couple Annette  songs on the album internet.
 If I didn't have a child, would it be much more possible? Yes.
  This is, this is the kind of thing that your life is being robbed of free time to create for you,  a late thirties man to make music like a 12 year old in 1960.
 Yes.
 Cause I was, what if I was a big,  a big problem with, with making it, I was like, well, what would it have sounded like in the  field? It would have just been like robot.
 No beep boop, boop, boop, boop.
 And like that would  have been the noises on internet or just the same.
 I mean, like it's probably just like,  when I just had one, it's like, like everybody's fallen for modem madness.
  Yeah.
 Everybody wants to check their fastness.
 Yeah.
 Uh huh.
 Like search engine,  do no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no search engine.
 I'm searching.
 I'm searching.
  Where am I going to find my boyfriend? Dial up, dial up to my heart.
  Uh, so I'm not saying it's never going to happen that I'm going to do this, but  internet seems good.
 It seems right as far as like, cause I, cause yeah, these, these dance  in it and dancing that is kind of pushing it honestly, as far as the theme go with Hawaiian  and Italian.
 I just wanted more things to blend seamlessly into Annette's name and internet to  me seemed like the perfect one.
 Really perfect.
 I mean, if anybody, you know, sometimes they do  these kind of like, uh, Disney songs, remixed electronic style.
 Yes.
 Well, they didn't internet.
  There's a pineapple.
 Wasn't there a pineapple princess remix from that awful album that we  would listen to 10 years ago? I'm pretty sure there was, there was some weird Annette remix  that I didn't think was that good.
 And I think we played it on the show.
 Maybe it's possible.
  We played it.
 It does sound, there was a Winnie the Pooh remix.
 I think I was, I think I was  playing, is it D rezzed or something was the name of the album.
 I think it was.
 There is a pineapple  princess song from an album called deconstructed.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 This is pineapple princess.
 Wow.
  Now new generations can groove to pineapple princess.
 They still have pineapples now.
  It's 2013.
  This is bad.
 But there's one, I think there was a, yeah, you've got a friend in me on there.
  But there was one I liked and I can't remember what it was.
 There's a D rezzed from Tron legacy.
  No, that's not it.
 That's pretty good.
 But I'll figure that out.
 We need to do.
 Okay.
 We need to.
  Yeah.
 So anyway, so I don't know.
 I mean, that's, I wanted to give the audience a sense of  sampling.
 I didn't want to give them too much.
 Did you have an idea for a song or just, you had  internet, but did you go down the road at all? No more than we just talked about.
 Okay.
 Cause I  wanted to make it first and then get inspired.
 That's my process.
 So dive in.
 Hollywood audition  popped up today that I had to do a sample of.
 I had to do a sample of the song.
 I had to do a  Hollywood audition popped up today that I had to do.
 Wow.
 And, but there's an itch I need to scratch  and I think it's internet.
 And if you have, I can use some of your things you just threw out there.
  Is it zoom or in person? Is it? Uh, no, no, it was I on tape on tape.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So I asked where,  where would, uh, where the casting office was.
 Oh, okay.
 I would have given you the job.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I can't tell you what it is.
 Probably.
 I mean, I should, well, I'll tell you off Mike, but,  no, uh, but yeah, I'll give you the news or, oh, it's, it's, uh, yeah, it's reprising guy Williams's  famous, famous role.
 Uh, so when the Williams family's participating, when, when was the last  sorrow reboot? Was it, there was a sequel to the mask of sorrow.
 Like just a, a few years ago.
  I'm sure there was like a, a mid there was an Antonio Banderas.
 There were two Antonio Banderas.
  Yeah.
 But wasn't it like a weird length apart? Like, weren't they like, yes, I think so.
 You  know, funny enough, Andrew Grissom texting me about these two movies six days ago, I think.
 Wow.
 Like  you watched both of them.
 Well, you know what? They're pretty good.
 Pretty fun.
 But there's  probably there's Antonio Banderas, but then there was, I think there was an Antonio Sabato Jr.
 Zorro  also came out last year.
 It's about what if Zorro was at January six.
 Is that true? No, no, unfortunately.
  Oh, that carving is Z into those guards and into Pelosi's desk.
 They should make that,  you know, that's like twisted the twisted Pooh bear movie.
 Cause he's public domain now.
  She make it Twicca Zorro's public domain.
 Make it twisted January six Zorro.
  And he, that's really what, you know, it's always the question of how do we get anyone to pay  attention to our bed right wing movies? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Isn't there a weird pan coming to,  or am I wrong? Probably somebody's doing like a twisted pan or am I thinking of the Disney version?  We heard Dex about this the other day.
 There's the Disney live action one, but then there was also  one made by the director of beasts of the Southern wild.
 Like there was like a, well, that's not what  I'm talking about.
 More high brow.
 It's a thinking man's pan.
 Wendy.
 Was that one just called Wendy?  As long as there are three being made at all times, we're going to forget this story.
 If we  don't tell it to each other over and over again, thank you Zemeckis for telling us Pinocchio again,  whoever any and everyone keep making pans.
 I beg you.
 I was right.
 Peter Pan, Neverland  nightmare being developed by director of winning the Pooh blood and honey.
 Okay.
 So yes, there is  a, there's a dark pan.
 This is a new talent to pay attention to.
 Yeah.
 By that, I mean, not the  director, but the, uh, whoever's thinking to get all these rights and whoever's paying attention to  the spreadsheet of full of like Doreen properties for Scott month, we will be doing the Peter pan  final four and bringing them down.
 I know.
 Oh, the greatest pans.
 Scott that's on Scott month.
 Yeah.
  Scott, it's a banner year for you.
 There's a new pan coming.
 Megan trainers got a new song where  she, she says, I'm your mother.
 Tisks like it's, I'm your mother.
 Tisks.
 Oh, she samples.
 We are  Sandman in it.
 Yeah.
 She's really today's Annette.
 Isn't she? Yeah.
 That's a lot.
 Yeah.
 They all have  that kind of like fifties sixties.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Thing to it for sure.
 That's true.
 But she doesn't want  to die.
 She should do a whole album of, uh, of Annette songs to answer my own question.
 Uh,  the mask of Zorro was 1998, the legend of Zorro, uh, a few years later in 2005.
 So not a huge gap,  but kind of a gap.
 It's probably still a mask in the legend.
 I bet they, they overlapped.
 Um,  what are we missing though? Besides your album, somebody learned how to hold a baby in one hand  and a ukulele in the other.
 Well, it's not going to be ukulele on the internet because that's not  going to work.
 I don't think I feel like it would be the same, the exact same music.
 And maybe there's  like a, but there's a solo of like, you know, uh, I think it's going to be like that McGruff voice,  the robot on the McGruff song.
 I'm glad I'm me on smart kids.
 Everything has got everything is super  duper like, like an old school time, like sure.
 Because computers are robots.
 That's what the  Sherman brothers would have figured.
 That's right.
 What do we know about computers? They're robots.
  You could have a little ukulele, but if it's going to be the internet, it's gotta be like  2010s, like she and him, ukulele.
 How do you make that distinction? I don't, I don't know.
 I just  remember we were all talking about the ukulele and the like 2005 to 2012.
 Hmm.
 Okay.
 Well,  I'm going to listen to that and see how it differs from the, um, pineapple princess.
 Everybody's  listening to she and him and we're doing, we're all, everybody's dancing.
 The Zoe zap,  clap your hands.
 Say, yeah, clap your hands.
 I should have been in one of the Sherman brother  songs.
 I do like this shirt, the Annette style music.
 That's just a, but that's about still a  kind of out of date bands.
 But it's all, it's the era of MP3 blogs, all those bands, you know?  Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Everybody's dancing to the Kaiser chiefs.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Kaiser chefs.
 What was the name of that band? My TV's on the radio.
  That holds up.
 I don't know why I'm saying I still like some of them get a hold of  MGMT.
 Is that the same Aaron? Yeah.
 My boyfriend's in MGMT.
 He sings great songs to me.
  MGMT, MGMT.
 M for my heart.
 Have it fun.
 G is an E grand.
  Dick's there.
 Sherman's still alive.
 I think we can get him.
  Just pretend we're Walt's.
 We're haunting his tree.
 Well, hopefully it's three Walt's.
 He  thinks we're always going to pull a gun on us.
 We don't want that.
 We'll end it for now.
 We'll  end it for now.
 Okay.
 I think.
 And I just, yeah, I hope everyone enjoyed this.
 I wonder, yeah,  I wonder what everyone's temperature is on Annette now, if they didn't know anything about her.
  And are they going to listen to Annette now at one of their kitschy parties? Because I feel like-  Are you going to commandeer the music machine? Yeah.
 Are you going to put me on the music machine?  Are these songs the MP3s of your dreams? Mike, I told you before we got started, I was trying to  find if there were one star reviews of Annette.
 Oh, right.
 Yes.
 I was looking up one star reviews  and I was looking on Amazon on the CDs and I really didn't find any, but I kind of like the  ones I did find.
 Only found one, one star review and it just says one star.
 It was a copy.
 Maybe  I didn't read the post correctly.
 That was it on that review.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Thank you, Gloria.
  And then, so the other one was a three star review and it just said,  heard better, a little too much jazz and party.
 What? What? That was for the album, She's Our Ideal.
  I think that's one of our compilations.
 The other one was for Annette Ultimate Collection,  parentheses Beach Party.
 There's a lot of Annette collections on collections and compilations on CD.
  She had a lot of compilations.
 Again, we couldn't get to all of them, but yeah.
 So,  so those were just mostly gripes about like the person not understanding.
 I think it might be a  person griping who didn't realize they were writing a review.
 So they didn't know how to use the internet.
  I think it might be an old person.
 So maybe I'll put that in the song.
 Yeah.
 Tried to write.
  A little too much jazz and party.
 They used the wrong two.
 They just put T-O.
 I also don't know  what jazz and party.
 I don't know.
 I don't know what that means either.
 Is this a robot? Is this  somebody? Yeah.
 Did someone decide to type their dying words? It's a robot from 2001 of Space  Odyssey and it only wants to hear Daisy, Daisy, give me an answer too.
 Do you think auto-correct  would be too hard of a concept for the Sherman Brothers? It might be too.
 It's something too  new that computers can do.
 Spell check.
 Spell check? Maybe.
 Oh, cause that sounds more.
 Okay.
  MS Paint ain't it great.
 So yeah, it's to be like Windows 95 era.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The last they paid,  it said they maybe had one final job to do once that involved a computer and they had to get their  granddaughter to show them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You flipped my footer to a header.
  Oh Clippy.
 He's the man for me.
 Oh, they, Sherman Brothers wrote the computer song from CommuniCorps.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, so they know computers.
 They've talking about, what do you mean? We've known  about computers since 82.
 Yeah.
 So there's a lot of theme park Sherman Brothers that like,  we haven't even gotten to, what was the one I was talking about this show a while back in Japan,  I think it was called Meet the World.
 Yeah.
 It was for Tokyo Disneyland.
 I think they wrote a song  for that.
 Are there 16 Sherman Brothers theme park songs? Oh, wow.
 Maybe.
 Take a look.
 We'll take a  look.
 Do a count.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, all 16 of them, I'm sure were wonderful.
 That's really all  wonderful.
 And hasn't your birthday been wonderful? Yes.
 You got to play us your songs.
 Yes.
 So now  let's all go out and it's five minute walk exactly to Vitello.
 No, don't send that.
  And we're walking, I'll tell you which direction we're walking to.
 Walk along with us.
 Go backwards  and you'll figure it out.
 Walk, walk, walk.
 You survived the podcast, the ride, the second gate,  Mike's Called Shot.
 And for, if you want to dig even deeper, you can join us on the VIP tier club  three where you get one more bonus episode every month with topics selected by you, not Mike, you.
  You're the listener.
 Oh, you know what I should do? I forgot about this.
 I have it right here.
  Mike gave out Christmas presents on the air.
 I have a birthday present for Mike.
 Okay.
 Really?  Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 You said you had another, you gave me a gift already.
 You gave me some candy.
 I just  gave you some treats.
 You gave me some tiny little lolly, like a baby pacifier candy.
 And candy blocks.
  Which I didn't, I didn't a wind sack because I go, I've had these before.
 And some candy blocks,  which I love candy blocks, which are like Lego candy.
 And I gave you candy blocks once.
 Scott's  given me candy blocks before too.
 Yeah.
 Your drink to give you energy.
 And Jason gave me one of the  rock energy drinks.
 Oh my God.
 This is, this looks like it's.
 All right.
 This is glass.
 Oh my God.
  Hold on.
 Let me put the computer down.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So this is, oh, there's multiple parts to it.
  Oh my God.
 There's multiple.
 Yeah.
 They did wrap it.
 Jason did they all have to be,  do the listeners have to hear every part? Jason dumped like four different like bubble wrap  gifts that I have to now rip open.
 This sound is driving someone insane.
 I like reopened them.
  This, this is a little, but I didn't want them to get damaged.
 These are whatever they are.
 They are  vintage, I'm guessing.
 Yeah.
 Because it's smell.
 Oh my God.
 I have, I had these.
 Do you have them all?  No, I don't know where they are though.
 I had these.
 Oh wow.
 These are all the Batman,  Batman forever McDonald's glasses.
 Oh yeah.
 Okay.
 Which are.
 Yes.
 Batman and Robin.
  These are unbelievable.
 I'm assuming they have some sort of terrible lead in them at this point,  but these are wonderful cups.
 I don't know if these have lead.
 These are wonderful.
 They don't  have the paint.
 I'm not going to open the rest of them.
 The return of the Jedi cups from Burger King.
  Yeah.
 I stopped drinking out of when I learned about the paint.
 Thank you, Jason.
 I'll open  the rest just off.
 Oh sure.
 Yeah.
 No, they were very well wrapped.
 The two face, the two face cup  has the coins as the handle.
 Oh yes.
 Which is just a nice touch.
 So anyway, thank you for that.
  And then I will, my appreciation.
 I will not dox you further.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
