 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Pipe.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  I was gonna, boop, boop, boop, boop.
  Was that the sound?  I think that was Yogi Bear.
  I fumbled, I'm sorry, I'm tired.
  Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
  As if mine.
  Acroid, like Yogi Bear.
  Mine was fumble adjacent.
  Jason Sheridan, hi.
  Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
  These are great pipe impressions.
  They're great pipe impressions.
  Scott, I couldn't tell if you.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh, shh, quiet.
  Doot, doot, doot, doot.
  That's close.
 Okay.
  It's more of a sucking.
  Thank you.
  It's like doot, doot, doot.
  Thank you for that.
  There's like a pitch down.
  Yeah, you're right, you're right.
  There is some, anyway, sorry, Jason.
  Scott, I wasn't sure if you were delighted by that  or skeptical of it or unsure.
  Oh, a mix, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Somewhere.
  It's just so thin.
  Sometimes it all hits at once.
  But the rules are lighter here on the Second Pipe.
  We don't have the standard intros.
  But we do have to keep our pipe sounds in order  because we're kind of,  we're doing this loose celebration of Mario,  which we stepped away from for a couple of weeks.
  But when we talked about the Ice Capade show  where Mr.
 Belvedere played Koopa,  we thought is there something else we can do to talk about?  I mean, really what it is is like,  as Universal Studios now has this brand new high tech,  very on brand Nintendo and Mario world,  to flash back to our childhoods  where nobody was minding the store  and there was just a bunch of,  any like charlatan who wanted to do something  with a brand like Mario could do so conceivably.
  And, you know, kind of under the,  I feel like under the prism of,  yeah, this bullshit's not gonna be around in a year.
  Do whatever the hell you want.
  Yes, and I think, again, according to legend,  the Mario movie itself was the last straw for Nintendo  as far as just the free for all  that was the Mario rights being given out.
  We are cracking down.
  There is, what we have learned is that children like this  and know a lot about it and it's probably not good  if we pay for a property or every name on a property  where it doesn't make any sense  or have anything to do with what the thing is.
  Yeah, you know what, maybe we shouldn't have it  where everything that's not a Mario video game sucks.
  Maybe we should make sure that's the case.
  You're telling me you guys don't have fond memories  of Captain N, the Game Master?  Well, I do, actually do.
  Who's Captain N, the Game Master?  Captain N, the Game Master is a kid who,  did he get sucked into video games  or did video games come out?  This was another Nintendo affiliated cartoon.
  As you can see, it's a young teen  in a letterman jacket holding a handgun.
  Different connotations nowadays.
  That's the Nintendo blaster.
  You know.
  Oh, that's the gun.
  That's like the duck hunt gun.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  Wow.
  This was, I thought, a part of Super Show,  Super Mario Super Show,  which is not what we're talking about today.
  You might expect us to talk about Super Mario Super Show.
  Kind of.
  Yeah.
  It comes up tangentially.
  It is related, and it's sort of,  it seems like it was certainly born out of this  and then was like programmed with as well.
  I think we have maybe paired with it.
  Yeah.
  In Los Angeles.
  Right.
  What we're primarily talking about here  is something called King Koopa's Cool Cartoons.
  All Ks, Ks every which way,  which is a local Los Angeles show  where Koopa showed you cartoons.
  Thank God, by the way, it's four Ks.
  Yeah.
  And they were prescient enough to not,  yeah, we should probably,  maybe they had it as Koopa's Cool Cartoons  and went, ah crap, is he a king or something?  He is, I looked it up.
  He's like, I called my dumb nephew.
  He said he's a king.
  We don't have to have three Ks anymore.
  Cause we know we want the K in cool.
  We have to.
  Have to.
  So this is this local Los Angeles show  and we're gonna get into this,  but if you don't mind,  I have a little bit of a prelude,  which is something else that came up in the last episode  in terms of weird, sloppy, off-brand Nintendo programming,  in this case, musical programming.
  And by that, I mean an album that came out in 1991  called Nintendo White Knuckle Scoring.
  It's a very inane phrase that means nothing.
  Oh, the white knuckle feeling  of what all video gamers desire, which is to score.
  Yeah.
  I guess it's, I mean, I guess when I'm describing  the turtles level where I'm underwater  and I'm desperate to get through the seaweed,  I guess I am white knuckling the controller.
  But it's, but the pursuit of scoring,  only if you're in a competition,  is it white knuckle scoring.
  Right.
  And even then, no one has ever said this phrase.
  Right.
  This phrase comes from nowhere.
  Yes, very true, very true.
  It's really silly and I'm excited to just  do my little book report about white knuckle scoring.
  The title is inane and the cover is also kind of inane.
  It's a little small here.
  You guys probably can't see it too well,  but there's a bunch of like teen rockers, punks,  and you know, like a dreadlock guy,  and they are all like jamming out  and CDs are exploding all over the room  as Mario punches his way through a television  and into these rockers' homes.
  And that, it kind of sums up the vibe of the album,  which basically is, this is a compilation album  that features all the favorite bands  of any Nintendo loving kid in 1991.
  Crosby, Stills, and Nash.
  Nice.
  Sheena Easton, Trickster, Roy Orbison,  Canadian rock super group Alias,  which had all the members of Heart except for the sisters.
  Right, right.
  Finally got rid of those sisters  and all the real Heart can jam.
  So here is why this album exists.
  In the early 90s, there was an executive  at MCA Records who realized that there was cash  in potential with Nintendo.
  And then also his friend died in a helicopter.
  Just separately, there was a music agent,  incidentally Roy Orbison's agent,  who died in the very tragic helicopter crash  that killed Stevie Ray Vaughn.
  Really?  Wow.
  Yes, didn't see that turn coming up.
  Nintendo plus helicopter deaths.
  And this guy was very beloved in the music community.
  He was very well known, if you knew him,  for supporting the cause of literacy.
  He really wanted children to be able to read,  big proponent of literacy.
  So thus, this MCA Records executive said,  all right, I'm gonna kill two birds  who are flying in completely opposite directions  with one stone, and I'm going to make an album  that's about Mario and literacy all at once.
  If you're wondering how do you get  Crosby, Stills, and Nash, and Trickster, and Alias,  all two, that's a very specific assignment,  that it's Mario and literacy.
  How do you get all of these disparate artists  to cover both of those topics?  And the answer is, you do not.
  What you do is you get a bunch of shit  that's lying around MCA Records,  things that haven't come out yet,  things that weren't good enough to release,  songs that have nothing to do with each other,  songs that have nothing to do with Mario,  and you throw them together and you put Mario on the cover  and you hope that kids don't notice.
  Another move that you make is to have just one song,  one song only, that is about the topic of the album.
  And this is the reason why I know about any of this,  is because the first song is done by  one of my favorite bands of all time,  a early 90s power pop band called Jellyfish.
  Everybody heard of Jellyfish?  I feel like there are possibly three listeners  in the audience, maybe.
  That might be overestimating.
  But this band called Jellyfish that I love,  Roger Manning, keyboard player, he's played with Beck forever,  like unbelievable band that's like Queen and Cheap Trick  and Super Tramp and the Partridge family all in one.
  They made this really lovely melodic pop in the early 90s  and they only made two albums  and then they broke up never to return again  with no hope of coming back.
  And part of the arc of liking this band  is that you start going like, is there any more of this?  I'm dying for more songs by this band.
  And you find out, oh yeah, there is one  and it's on White Knuckle Scorin.
  And it is a song that is from the point of view of Bowser.
  They're the only band that did the assignment.
  Wow.
  They took these, like Mario Literacy got it  and they made this mini rock opera called Ignorance is Bliss  that is about, that is being sung to Princess Toadstool  and from the point of view of Bowser,  who does not like reading  and he conveys how much he hates books and reading.
  In this song, wonderful little,  like clever little musical piece.
  They did the assignment and then they contribute this  and they assume the other bands are going to,  but instead it's just a bunch of fucking bullshit,  including there's a song from the Dire Straits  on this album and this song is called Iron Hand  and it is a sad dirge about police killing coal miners  in a real British strike.
  Oh, okay.
  And you're like, so why in the world is this on a Mario?  How does this possibly, and how does it even conveyed  that this album is about literacy  if only one band bothered to actually do it?  And the answer is there is a comic that came with the CD.
  Oh.
  A 14 page comic with an original Mario adventure  that you can only experience this way.
  And this, in the plot of this comic,  stemming from the Jellyfish song,  Bowser captures Princess Toadstool and he puts her in jail  and he sends his children, the Koopalings, to go bother her,  but instead she teaches them how to read  and he is very upset about this.
  He doesn't like books.
  He can't read, doesn't wanna know how to read,  even though several pages later he sends Mario and Luigi  a letter that he hand wrote in cursive.
  So I don't understand how that works.
  But anyway, the idea is that you're supposed to like,  follow along with the story in the book  and then play the songs that line up accordingly.
  And characters on the pages even say cue song  and that is your, you have to connect  whatever the title is to whatever the track is.
  And this is an example, and this is how they set up  a song called I Drove All Night,  which is Roy Orbison's last song.
  He'd been dead for two years by the time this came out.
  And this was the official way that this song was released.
  There's even a music video made for it  starring Jason Priestley that has Mario nods all over it.
  Like there's a Mario Brothers plumbing truck  in the background of the music video.
  So this is how it would work.
  If you're a kid, it's a big if,  if you're a kid who's reading along  with the White Knuckle Scorn book,  here is an image of a very off-brand Mario  driving a 57 Chevy and wearing cool shades.
  And then he finds the princess and he says,  to get to you, babe, I drove all night.
  And she says cue song, and then you'd hear this.
  And then, I don't know, then you listen to Roy Orbison  and you're just, and then, you know,  you do it several pages later for the,  for the sad Dire Straits song, Iron Hand.
  Which also didn't appear on any other album.
  It ended up being on a Dire Straits album later.
  But the first way I think that you could hear  this miserable song was on Nintendo White Knuckle Scorn.
  So- Scorn, that's so funny.
  Cause that's like, someone knows like,  oh, you score, you score in video games, you know?  Like you score points.
  They were given a brief.
  They were given like the coverage that you get, you know,  like an executive doesn't want to read a whole script.
  So you just give them the bullet points.
  Yeah, they got a dossier.
  They got a pitch deck.
  It was just called score, I don't know, Songs for Scoring.
  And then they're like, no, not enough,  not extreme enough for the fans of Britney Fox,  whatever that is.
  Yeah.
  They're gonna buy this thing.
  Like Roy Orbit said, Mario was never quite the same  after all his friends died in that plane crash.
  After Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr.
, you know,  they all got on that plane and-  The original Toad.
  Yeah, they were-  I forget they had to replace Toad.
  Yeah, Toad.
  It's the second Toad they hired.
  It's kind of like a Santa's Little Helper.
  Sort of sitting there.
  Birdo.
  They just found an original, yeah, yeah.
  Found an identical guy, an identical Birdo.
  So anyway, that's sort of it,  except for one final detail about this comic,  and that is that the comic is horny.
  Well, you said Bae, called her Bae.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You're looking it up, yes.
  Okay, so Mario and Luigi are kinda having their own adventure,  often wearing sunglasses, which is cool.
  And then Yoshi shows up and just talks,  just talks in English, something that does not,  I don't think happen in any video games.
  But they say they're looking for the princess,  and Yoshi says, the smart looking Bae with the dynamite bod.
  Pfft.
  Pfft.
  Pfft.
  Which at least-  Yoshi says that.
  That's straight out of Yoshi's mouth.
  Yoshi?  Yoshi talks?  He's not very talkative.
  And he's attracted to human women?  Yeah, I guess.
  I guess he only opens his mouth  to say something important, I guess.
  To be performatively horny, I guess.
  Yeah, you don't need to try that hard to replace Yoshi.
  By the way, I corrected myself, it's Snowball the Cat  that they're constantly replacing on the Simpsons.
  There's only one Santa's Little Helper.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I got confused.
  You know what's interesting is that this is not the,  this will not be the only time that the original,  the first episode of The Simpsons is referenced  in this episode.
 Oh, okay.
  You might know where I'm going, maybe somebody does.
  Anyway, there's yet one more use of,  I think somebody, yeah, somebody calls it,  the narrator describes her dynamite bod again.
  And then there's a sequence, which, yes.
  I mean, she's a short cartoon.
  I don't even want to look, I'm just saying like,  that's kind of a leap, like, look,  April O'Neil is drawn as a full-sized human woman, okay?  Oh, it's perfectly okay.
  I'm not saying it's okay.
  Encourage to be into April O'Neil.
  But I'm saying the princess is like  a little pixel character.
  I know she's on the cartoon, but what are we doing here?  If, well, I mean, it's just, it's strange to hear  the dinosaur sexualize her.
 I agree with that.
  I mean, like, if you had to make a leap, you could,  like under, you've only seen her in a big gown,  so you don't really know.
  Well, you're right, I don't know,  I don't know about her bod, I don't.
  I'm just saying it's like, why,  these are like little tiny cartoon,  cute cartoon characters.
  It just seems like whoever did this,  like really laid it on.
  Kind of, inserting them, in the way that,  in that Belvedere thing that Bruce Philanche  put himself into it, in his affection for Mae West,  I think we're reading the work of somebody  who had never heard of any of this before.
  Yes, that's what I'm gonna say.
  And his takeaway is, ooh, dynamite bod.
  And it gets worse because there's a sequence  in which it seems like she's being lowered  into just a pit of lava.
  And, you're right, spoiler, she does not die.
  This is some kind of trickery.
  I don't remember how she escapes.
  If you can imagine, this is a hard thing to read a little bit.
  But in this moment, narratively,  we're meant to think that she died  and that Mario, Luigi, and Yoshi all watched it happen.
  So that happens in this.
  So it's like Rise of Skywalker with that chewy death.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Where they all watch Chewie blow up  and then next scene Chewie's alive.
  And Chewie's just around and.
  And you're like, wait a minute, what?  And they never explain it?  It's really confusing.
  They should have had a droid roll on and say,  he tested badly and then roll out.
  Well, and this, but worse,  because they watch her like melt or something.
  I don't know, again, how this happens.
  Think of grizzly death.
  But the point, just listen to,  this is an incredible piece of narrative writing.
  The bros were helpless to save the princess  as her dynamite bod vanished into the fumes and smoke.
  No, that doesn't say that.
  It does, this is published.
  Oh my God.
  Now the narrator's horny too?  Now this.
  The last one I read was also the narrator.
  But now the narrator is still giving her a dynamite,  focusing on the dynamite bod  as the bod is literally destroyed,  as the bod melts and turns into vapor.
  So he's being creepy and then he's also being insensitive.
  Sex and death, you know, a little death,  they're combined, you know?  They're one and the same.
  Just terrible watching a dynamite bod  get burnt to a crisp like that.
  That's two offenses in one.
  Yeah.
  This is really the day the music died, for sure.
  As she vanished into the fumes and smoke  and her screams faded, they felt just awful.
  It goes down the line, Luigi,  as royalty goes, she was hot stuff.
  Mario, yes, she was,  which is the cue for a song.
  I don't remember which.
  Wait, so now Luigi jokes about her dying?  Yeah, yeah, he is watching,  well, like, they're friends with her.
  It is my hope to never, like,  see a lot of people die in front of me,  but I really hope that it's not melting in a vat,  that I watch someone I know and love turn to liquid.
  That sounds awful.
  I agree.
 That has just happened.
  And Luigi is making jokes and jokes about how she's hot.
  And then Yoshi, she's hotter than ever now.
  Yoshi?  But anyway, song cue.
  Oh my God.
  The Mario brothers and Yoshi  have turned into raging misogynists.
  Not only misogynists, psychopathic misogynists.
  They are so cold to watching a slow, painful death  happen in front of them.
  Is this because they see death all the time,  in enemies they vanquish,  and they themselves die all the time?  Oh, interesting.
  So they are not, yeah, they're extremely callous.
  Right, right.
  Death means nothing to them.
  In the video game world, death means nothing,  because you can always restart.
  Then you end up like this, just making Deadpool quips  about hideous, horrifying deaths.
  Deadpool wouldn't say something uncouth  about a lady like that, though.
  Deadpool has his limits.
  Deadpool has his limits.
  So that's this debacle of an album.
  Wait, this is an officially licensed Nintendo.
  The logo is on the, it feels more related  even than the ice capa-  A deal had to be struck in order for them  to stamp a bunch of Crosby, Stills, and Nash songs out.
  Which one is the Crosby, Stills, and Nash song?  It's a way-  It's not Teach the Children, is it?  No, it's like a new one.
  It's a new one.
  No, of course, they gave, they didn't give a big one out.
  I'm just saying, like, you're teaching kids  what other Crosby, Stills, and Nash.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I just wondered.
  Well, the answer is, I mean, that would have been  too related.
  A live cut of it or something, or like a solo demo of-  But then what would have been the fun in that?  That would have forced the writers of the comic books  to just tell a straight narrative through line,  instead of having to suddenly put Mario and Luigi  in Knight's armor just to justify  the sad Dire Straits song, Iron Hand.
  I'll get you with my iron hand.
  That is not something you'd say about your armor.
  You don't call that an iron hand.
  No.
  It probably is an iron, entirely,  if you want flexibility with that thing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, no.
  So this is a disjointed, horny debacle,  and I felt like it was my duty to punish you two  and the audience by making you all know about it.
  Sure.
  So with that, I've said my piece.
  I hope no one sleeps after hearing about this.
  Well, I don't trust the Yoshi anymore,  as far as morals and ethics.
  We're maybe not going back to Nintendo  for a little bit at Universal.
  I don't know what your plans are,  but you're not gonna want to.
  No, I don't want to see that guy.
  The guy only talks to say something pervy.
  You almost watch your friend Optimus Prime die  again and again.
  Yeah, but we know he, yeah.
  But he knows what he's okay.
  There's no sexuality to that.
  No, that's good.
  That's no sexuality.
  Oh, there's no, oh, absolutely not.
  No, and then you get to see him out in front of the ride.
  Maybe he's making quips.
  Maybe he's making references  to generate a viral video or something.
  What he's saying is nice things to people.
  That's what he's doing.
  He does say nice things.
  He's G-rated things.
  Your bravery saved the planet.
  And your dynamite bod didn't hurt either.
  No, what?  That would shatter my impression of Optimus Prime,  and I would never go back on the ride.
  And then I would say we could demolish it  to put Donkey Kong there,  if that was the case, which it's not.
  I can't imagine it is,  but I just wanted to see a squirm.
  Peter Cullen better have never starred  in some sort of beach party direct to DVD movie  where he's like pulling the glasses down and going,  look at that bod or something.
  And then someone to mash up.
  Yeah, mash it up with Optimus Prime,  and then ruin my day.
  Well, I think if anybody pitches their voice down  and runs it through a flanger, flanger,  is it a soft G?  Think of flanger.
  Maybe I'm wrong, actually.
  I think almost anybody could make Optimus Prime  say some dirty things.
  Don't do it.
  Be creative out there.
  That's not a call to action.
  Don't do it.
  It is for me.
  Your bravery has made me horny.
  So, yeah, listeners, get those hand parts  of your dynamite bods working  and doing some editing.
  Oh, you can do it.
  I keep seeing videos where people generate  AI, Biden, and Trump going back and forth playing  on Twitch, playing Overwatch  and yelling at each other.
  Sounds like a blast.
  Yeah.
  It's fun for everybody.
  Did you have one more horny thing to say, Mike?  Yeah.
  Let's hear it.
  Get out with it.
  Get out with it, yeah.
  I started questioning, though, what it was gonna be.
  Nope, nope.
  Spotlights on you.
  Zing.
  Save the AllSpark, which is a vibrator  that I use often on my prostate.
  I would have done it before with more energy  when I hadn't assessed what I was about to say.
  I did it real defeat.
  I did the version where Optimus Prime  is ashamed of himself for using the AllSpark in that way.
  What do you think, before he transforms,  what is Optimus Prime's prostate?  What part of the car is it?  Yeah, tailpipe or gas load?  Well, no, it's inside.
  It's inside, that's a good point.
  Yeah, I know, but how do you get there?  Is it a seat?  Is it a bucket seat?  Well, does he, do all the Transformers have a tailpipe  coming out of the rectum?  Hmm.
  Well, there's that one that's like a cassette player.
  In the first one, they pee,  John Titoro gets peed on by one of the Transformers  and it is coming from the area where a penis would be.
  That happens in this?  In the first Transformers movie,  John Titoro gets pissed on by a Transformer.
  I forget which one it is.
  Is it Bumblebee?  I mean, yeah, it's a long journey from that  to Stanley Tucci drinking a bag of milk, you know?  Right, that's the-  Later one.
  Right, right, right.
  So yeah, I think there's a tailpipe of some kind.
  It might be shorter than a car's tailpipe,  but since they are cars,  all those parts have to go somewhere.
  Yeah, they all have to get rearranged  and become equivalents of human bodies.
  So the tailpipe is absolutely the Transformers rectum.
  It's just a matter of how far they stick out.
  Is it big enough though?  What do you mean?  On this proportionally on a Transformer,  I think a tailpipe is too thin.
  Too thin in the sense that-  Maybe it opens up.
  Are you saying thin as far as the material of the pipe  itself on the outside or longwise?  The width of a tailpipe is not enough to be a rectum  of a big creature like a Transformer.
  Right, but they're not taking traditional shit.
  I think it's a P-hole.
  It's a P-hole.
  You think that tail?  Yeah.
  And you think the rectum is just a hole?  Yeah, I think they just form a new hole  when they transform it.
  Okay.
  As part of the transforming is they form a new hole.
  All right, the tailpipe is the P-hole  and then they just have a hole.
  We cracked it.
  It does make sense.
  I think logically it makes sense.
  Right, and that's where you put the Al's bark  to get to the prostate, which is what part of the car.
  Here's the problem with this.
  The fuel, where you put the fuel in.
  The problem is that we don't know anything about cars.
  Yeah, no, absolutely not.
  So we can't effectively make a good joke here.
  No.
  Or bodies, because also before we recorded  we didn't know what a hamstring was.
  Jason was explaining to us where the hamstring was  and I was kind of off.
  We don't know about these things.
  We know about.
  I know it was in the lower part of the body.
  We know about old crap and in this case,  old crap that is affiliated with Mario.
  Old crap.
  That is, that's White Knuckle Scorin.
  Yeah.
  Shall we move on to King Koopa's cool cartoon?  Yes, and there is a Transformers connection.
  I don't know if you came across that.
  I think I know what this is.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  But would you like to do any further contextualizing  of King Koopa's cool cartoon?  This is something that came across my desk  just mere weeks ago.
  Friend of mine, I'll mention him  because he's gonna come back into this.
  Justin Donaldson told me about this  and he likes all this same Kitsch garbage  and theme park stuff and he goes,  you know, I just realized the other day  that King Koopa's cool cartoon,  so it's only a regional show.
  And I said, wait, what are you talking,  what do those words mean?  And he said, well, there was a show  and I looked it up immediately.
  There was a show that was kind of like the Bozo show  in the sense that there was a live studio audience of kids  and a performer there, you know, hosting this  in a kind of, you know, an old school TV studio, you know,  where you could imagine.
  Where you're seeing all ends of it.
  The audience is always very present as part of it.
  And like, you can imagine the TV news is like  in the studio over or in that studio  and they just move the desk in.
  Like it's that feeling of.
  They can't record both at the same time.
  The kids are too loud.
  Right, no, no way.
  But yes, there's the newscasters could be in hair and makeup  waiting to go on because it's just like  they're just plugging the ears.
  Like this high up something.
  How many episodes of this crap are they doing?  Right, yes.
  And so he was telling me about this and I was like,  oh my God, I've never heard of this.
  And again, it's shocking that we,  some of this stuff is still like being unearthed.
  Yeah.
  Or being told like, how did I not hear about this?  So yeah, looking online, you're like,  oh, there's not a ton about this.
  There's not a ton of clips, but the intro was online.
  There's a few pieces of it.
  There are some information and it's fascinating to see this  because I've never heard another person talk about it.
  No.
  You would have been alive, Scott, for this,  but I don't think you ever came across this.
  It only lasted for a year.
  Yeah, and what is it?  Is it 91?  Is it, or you know it's before.
  89.
  89, you're obviously very young.
  I think the timeline goes.
  So this was a spin-off kind of the same time  Super Mario Super Show.
  That's the show that everybody is aware of.
  And probably if they were the right age,  it's the show starring Captain Lou Albano,  the pro wrestler.
  The very hairy.
  So the hairiest.
  The hairiest men ever on television.
  Like him and, I think he's hairier than Robin Williams.
  And that's like, he's so hairy.
  Mm-hmm.
  And yes, I very remember.
  Mario cartoons, it also had Legend of Zelda cartoons  where Link sounded like Scott's impression  of Summoner Redstone.
  Okay, went then.
  Pretty sad.
  It was pretty rough.
  The thing I was Captain N and the Game Master,  I think might be the third piece of this trilogy.
  Captain N, by the way, a teenager  from Northridge, California in canon.
  Whoa.
  His name is Kevin Keen.
  He gets sucked into the TV to a place called Videoland  where he teams up with, among others,  Mega Man, Kid Icarus, and Simon Belmont from Castlevania.
  Wow, what a team up.
  Oh my God.
  That's a great team up.
  That's a pretty good use of a bunch of disparate IP also  from all together in this power force.
  There needs to be more done, by the way, with Mega Man also.
  You know what's happening?  I love Mega Man.
  Yeah, no, it's-  Would you play Mega Man when you were a kid?  I did, yeah, yeah.
  I think only one of them.
  I don't remember which, but I loved the one.
  I found it very challenging, but rewarding.
  It is, especially this challenge.
  Mega Man 2, my God.
  I don't know which one I had.
  I do not know.
  Could have been three.
  Three and four, when you have more power ups,  it gets more pleasant.
  Right, I still loved it, but yeah, anyway,  I like Mega Man a lot.
  I haven't played in a while.
  So yeah, so that's the one everybody remembers.
  And it is sort of, it's not like this in the sense  that it's like, this one had a budget, the original.
  It's not maybe the most beautiful looking show in the world,  but there was a big set.
  It very much feels like a Pee-Wee's Playhouse thing,  which all feels born out of sort of local live television  to me.
  But picture, but much cheaper than that.
  Yes, of course, much cheaper than that.
  But I'm just saying, I don't know,  I guess that's probably not the most relevant example  in this day and age.
  Well, there is just, there is not this.
  There's nothing where a bunch of kids  are all in grandstands, disorganized,  and they can all yell and chatter  and shout insults whenever they want.
  There's no shows like this that are just a big kid pen.
  Did you watch stuff like this when you were a kid out here?  I don't think there was any,  I think this genre was extinct.
  Maybe it was killed by King Koopa's cool cartoons.
  The thing I was watching was the Bozo show.
  You were watching just the genuine Bozo show.
  And I apologize for not knowing  when the regional Bozo stopped,  because you had an original like Los Angeles Bozo  that was different than my Bozo.
  And then at a certain point, WGN sort of just took over  and then the Bozo that I watched was everyone's Bozo.
  But it was Bozo in most cities?  There were regional Bozos that was a licensed character.
  So they would, instead of just syndicating  or sending the same tape around,  they would just hire a local person  to play Bozo in specific markets.
  So you would go across the country  and there would be the Bozo show,  but it would look different.
  Bozo, each guy had a different take on the material.
  Some of which it seems like were just like  raspy voice.
  So that's the original.
  60 year old.
  Bob Bell.
  Bob Bell is the Krusty the Clown bassist.
  Okay.
  He's the original Bozo the Clown.
  My uncle was friends with his son.
  Whoa.
  Bob Bell was a crazy alcoholic  and would come home hammered a lot.
  Hammered.
 Hammered.
  And Bob Bell, if you watch the show,  it is very much like Krusty.
  Old, this older drunk guys fucking around on a set.
  They have their sketches like Bob Bell's dressed is like,  same thing like a little stinker or something  or he's dressed like grandma  and there's wolves at the door.
  It's very watchable.
  There's very little available, which really bums me out.
  But if what you can find does look like  Krusty the Clown show.
  It conveys it.
  And the like, yeah, the way that is,  that is really like low rent what the,  what Bert's favorite show is.
  And in the same way that Krusty was barely committed  to the bit, Bob Bell not committed to the bit at all,  completely above it.
  Him and like Cookie, who would later join the show,  who would be still on when I was watching,  they were all just like fucking around.
  And it was so funny to see, this is for children.
  This is very much of a piece with something that you and I  I think got into like 10 years ago from a long time ago,  the Dean Martin variety.
  Well, right.
  Cause I'm sure these guys in their minds were like,  we should be on primetime TV entertaining adults.
  We're drunk performers.
  We should be on primetime.
  Phoning in sketches.
  Why can't we be on like the Dean Martin variety show?  Right, yes, exactly.
  So it's a very similar vibe to like,  we don't give a shit about this,  but even more so cause like, there's no, I don't know.
  There's no, I'm sure the joke writers,  they wrote the sketch 10 minutes before the show started.
  Yeah.
  And it was-  That's right.
  Kids are coming.
  But Bob Bell has the crusty voice.
  It's really like what Dan Kesslin took it from.
  Wow, wow.
  But by the time I was watching Bozo,  it was a guy named Joey D'Aria or Delaria.
  I forget how you pronounce his last name,  but he was very much a polished Jay Leno Bozo.
  He very much had of like, he was kind of, he was funny.
  And he was like a little smart alecky,  but he definitely was-  Crowd pleaser.
  Yes, they absolutely got a Leno type Bozo.
  None of the old magic.
  And I liked Joey a lot.
  I thought he did a good job and he was my Bozo growing up.
  And I didn't know, I didn't know anything else.
  I didn't know the Bob Bell Bozo,  which many purists in Chicago were unhappy  because this new Bozo wasn't drunk.
  This new Bozo was not, he's too polished.
  And this was a way that you as a child  were deprived of being unhappy.
  Right.
  You didn't have all the information you needed  to be unhappy about this.
  Exactly.
  And now I'm retroactively unhappy.
  Let me ask, was, do you remember,  was there anyone who would like steer the ship?  Like there's a Dean Martin sketch that is one of the funniest-  In the Bob Bell stuff or the Joey years?  I think any of them.
  Cause like there's a Dean Martin sketch  where like Bob Newhart is, he's got the script in,  he knows what the scene is.
  Oh, I've seen that, yeah.
  Do you think there's anyone as talented as Bob Newhart  on the set of the Bozo show?  I don't know.
  I don't think there's anyone as talented,  but there's someone like who's sober and knows the stuff.
  Well, I'll say this.
  I don't know if there isn't.
  Even kid children's performers, I like,  these were good performers.
  Cookie, I was a big fan of.
  So Cookie was old at this point.
  So I think I've said this before,  where Cookie was sort of the sidekick  that would get shit on all the time.
  So a common sketch I would watch on the Bozo show  is Bozo like has some pies or some like treats  and he makes a trail of treats into a big cannon  and Cookie's such a fucking moron.
  He follows the trail, goes into the cannon  and Bozo again, like Krusty,  would pull the thing on the cannon  and they would pretend that they shot Cookie  across the whole set.
  And then Cookie would come out with his clothes in tatter  and he has the smoke all around him  and we're like, woo, woozy or whatever.
  That's a common, that would be what  a normal bit would be like.
  This is Cookie?  Yes.
  Okay, yeah.
  Cookie's a clown too, but he looks like more of a dipshit.
  Cookie was older, so Cookie was older  because he was from the early years  and Cookie would always want to lead the grand march  at the end of the show.
  And much like Trix Rabbit or something,  Bozo would always fuck with this guy  and not let him lead the grand march.
  And it drove me nuts.
  I was like, I like Cookie, let him lead the grand march.
  And here comes the sad, dark thing,  which I think I've said on the show before.
  The only time Cookie got to lead the grand march  is when he had been gone for a few months  because he had cancer.
  Cookie came back and led the grand march.
  And I was like, well, this isn't the way.
  It's like, it's fucking Cookie.
  Shouldn't be a sympathy move.
  I like Cookie.
  He earned this right.
  But I-  Don't do it because you think he's gonna die.
  But I was obsessed with this  and this was the hottest ticket in town.
  My mom would call every once a year  when they would put tickets on,  not sale because we're free, put tickets available.
  She would be on the phone, I remember, for hours  trying to dial through like a single line  to get through to get us tickets.
  Never happened.
  Why once a year?  What the hell's going on?  Whatever dumb system that they had in place here  was not working, especially for me.
  Now my mother was an at-home player  on the first Bozo show.
  She won a prize from Bozo, but she wasn't on the show.
  Her name got pulled out of like a sack or something.
  What did you say, an at-home player?  We haven't talked about King Koo, but I certainly-  But-  I'd like to say this.
  There have been multiple outings.
  We're going out for drinks with Mike  where the conversation becomes,  let me tell you everything about Bozo.
  Let me tell you about Bozo.
  This is absolute.
  I think this is the thing, the most, this is like the-  You're finally getting the full-  When you rupture what comes forth as Bozo.
  And he lights up.
  Then, just as he is like cranked up to 11 now.
  Desi, he goes to the bathroom,  takes a hit of cocaine and comes back out.
  So an at-home player is that they would have a Bozo buckets  and there would be a kid in studio  with the little ping pong balls  trying to get the Bozo buckets to get in each of the balls,  or excuse me, each of the buckets.
  And you would get a better prize  the farther you got along the buckets.
  So they would also right before pull an at-home player.
  So that kid would get matching prizes  for the kid who was playing in studio.
  So my mom was pulled.
  So the kid who was doing the bucket game  got to maybe bucket three and she got like a bicycle.
  And if you got to like five,  you might get a trip or something.
  Bicycles is hell of a-  It's a great prize.
  It's pretty great.
  Wow.
  So I never got to do Bozo's show.
  I never got to go in that,  on the risers with a bunch of other kids and scream.
  I never got a bike.
  You never got to watch this cancer riddled man  lead the grand march.
  I forgot to see a weary Cookie  have to put the makeup back on in his seventies or whatever.
  He's still doing it himself.
  Yeah.
  Sorry Cookie, we can't, yeah, we got nobody to help you.
  Yeah.
  Dip your face up, I'd be done with it.
  I loved, I mean, they had all the kids.
  There was Professor Andy, there was a Whizzo, the Magician.
  Uh-huh.
  Okay, Marshall Brodean, all these guys I loved.
  So when I learned there was a King Kuba version of this,  I was very excited.
  Yeah.
  It was not quite as exciting looking  as perhaps a Bozo show was when I found some of the footage.
  But-  I might take humiliation with you  calling Bozo exciting looking.
  Okay, all right.
  Let's Google Bozo, an old drunk dressed as a clown.
  All right, exciting.
  Uh-huh, well to me, you know, to me.
  I need to look at it,  cause I would watch Bozo when I was very young as well.
  I have memories of it.
  I don't know if it was your Bozo or Philadelphia Bozo.
  Cause I believe Philadelphia had it.
  Yeah, that was a market for sure,  where there was a regional Bozo.
  But yeah, so, and of course I've mentioned many times  the five timers, I think Billy Corgan  played the final Bozo show.
  He played forever young on the final Bozo show.
  Take it.
  19-  So he did not play 1979 on the Bozo show.
  Let's play the intro to King Koopa's cool cartoon.
  The intro is really good.
  Yeah.
  So here, let me.
  ["Koopa Koopa Theme Song"]  So to describe this,  there's a man in a very cheap looking King Koopa costume  that's modeled after that cartoon version  that you would see on the Mario Brothers Super Show.
  He doesn't look kind of like the Bowser in game.
  He looks like King Koopa specifically from that cartoon.
  So he's got kind of like a,  like he's got green face paint on,  but he also has like this cheap snout,  this kind of Koopa snout.
  He has a crown and he has like,  like a shabby blue jacket.
  And he's going up and down Hollywood Boulevard  in this intro with a bunch of kids in tow.
  An army of children.
  An army of children in tow.
  So many.
  It's very Pied Piper-y.
  And also,  Grauman's Chinese theater is very prominent.
  It's very, yes.
  I think he's at,  because he's next to all these big like columns.
  I think he's out front of what is now the Kimmel Studio.
  I want to say.
  Oh, okay.
  I think, because if he's across from the Chinese theater.
  Yeah.
  I think we're at the,  you know, it's too bad he didn't graduate up to that theater.
  It should have been his.
  Yeah, it should have been.
  It could have been.
  Kind of outlasted Kimmel easily.
  Yes.
  But some problems arose.
  And Jay, if, you know, Jay Leno could have pushed,  tried to push him out at a certain point here.
  Jay would have hosted this show.
  But yeah.
  So there's kids and this is a,  you know, you can tell by listening to it already.
  It's rap adjacent,  rap what somebody who think,  oh, this is a modern kids like.
  Oh my God.
  Here we go.
  I'm Koopa.
  The lyric is about who calls you a nincompoop.
  Yes, I have the lyrics.
  Creeper who calls you a nincompoop Koopa.
  I'm the pain who plays the game and knocks you for a loop.
  Love it.
  I'm a Koopa Koopa.
  He's Koopa Koopa, the kids say.
  So he.
  Takes no convincing of these kids.
  There's so many kids.
  They are.
  On for, I don't know what he did to get them.
  Brainwashed from the start.
  Yeah.
  They're ready to follow him.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think there seems to be an error to this show  from what I could tell of like,  it's cool to be bad.
  Yes.
 Right?  Like there, cause they're all, there's attitude to it.
  And he kind of like,  he's a little like threatening to them and me.
  And I mean, to get, to have a villain host the show,  which is different than a Bozo.
  We know he's a, he's a bad dude.
  Yes.
  It's, there's a report, like,  there's a very little information that's concrete.
  I feel like there's a lot of rumors about the show,  but like one of the videos I was watching,  it's like Bowser would regularly,  or King Koopa would regularly tell kids  that like sent him a mean letter,  like, I know where you live,  which didn't go over well.
  I said that he would, he would say like,  all right, that's, you could say whatever you want,  but now I know where you live.
  And some, yeah, so I saw that like,  somebody like said, was this, well,  that must be why the show got canceled.
  And someone else said, no, he said that every episode.
  Yes, yes, exactly.
  Cause I saw that too.
  It was like, oh, that's why it was.
  Can I ask just as a tease, I don't want to say it now,  but did you see why one of the writers said it was canceled?  Yes, I don't believe this for a second.
  How could it be in there?  Did one of us write it?  Yeah, yeah.
  How could it lead to this point that everything  when I wrote this sentence, when I read this sentence,  I don't, I honestly, I, we, I think we need a better source.
  I don't disagree, but how is it in there?  We'll go, we'll keep talking.
  I just saw it very vague, like in you.
  You didn't see it.
  You would know what we meant.
  Oh, no.
  There's a person involved.
  Yeah, no, I know what the, I know what person is involved,  but I just saw it as like, well, there were some incidents.
  Okay.
  There were some altercations.
  I'm still not sure that you know what we're talking about.
  I don't think I know what you're talking about.
  I don't think you know what we're talking about.
  Yeah.
  So we'll get there.
  We'll get there.
  And this is making it wild because of who the person is  in their filmography.
  Oh, that's a different, it's a different,  you might have a thing I don't know.
  I think I, okay.
  All right, enough of the vagueness.
  We'll keep talking about this.
  So the, the, a King Koopa leads a march  down Hollywood Boulevard and then,  and then walks marches everybody into a TV studio  where they don't seem to have permission to be.
  Right.
  There's a security guard with a mustache who's all harumphy.
  And then Koopa takes his mustache off.
  He rips it off.
  It is a fake mustache.
  He's not, there's no blood or anything.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, no blood is shed.
  Yeah.
  And then they march into the studio of a in-progress  different kid show, a clown show of some kind.
  And they just kind of kick the performers out.
  And then the last line of the opening is,  it's my show now.
  Love that.
  Yeah, it is good.
  Yes.
  And then we've missed one aspect of this opening,  which is that, and again, there,  this is only available in miserable quality.
  So it is really hard to tell what the hell's going on.
  Yeah.
  Like all the shapes are fuzzy, fuzzy enough that to me,  the Koopa makeup doesn't seem that bad.
  I was like, you know, maybe if this was an HD,  I think it would suffer.
  But I'm like, this guy looks cool.
  If you look up, I'm sure it'll be in our art.
  But if you look up a picture of it, I'm kind of like,  I like, I think it's good.
  I think it's good.
  I thought it referred to as like very similar  to the icecapades costume, but with a better face.
  Yeah, he's got like kind of like plasticky top half of head.
  And then the rest just turns into like the triple chins  of this guy.
  But it's, he's just painted green.
  I like looking at him.
  I mean, that's what made me want to talk about him  for a while and the shit like, Ooh,  I just want to stare at this picture for a while.
  He's got cool.
  He's got like, he's got them like, yeah,  his neck and his face are painted green.
  And then it goes into like a green shirt.
  That's a different color.
  That's supposed to be the same color,  but clearly not.
  And clearly not.
  And then he has a pink bow tie.
  And then he has like a yellow belly,  like a kind of scaly dinosaur belly.
  And then he has.
  Yeah, that's what the brothers taught us Koopa would have.
  Yeah, right.
  I'm not saying I don't like him.
  I'm just saying like, it's not a high budget costume.
  Yeah.
 And look, we, I mean, especially the land  and also the movie, we are for sure seeing the finally  in 2023, they are doing like the clean,  what it always should have been.
  And that makes sense.
  And kids are going to actually like it as opposed  to whatever we're doing.
  But do you think kids were less scared by this  or by Dennis Hopper?  Dennis Hopper is terrifying.
  Dennis Hopper is one of the scariest men I've ever lived.
  Crazy.
 Yeah, yeah.
  He's so scary.
  You have to, you do have to give the movie credit.
  The stars are Bob Hoskins, John Leguizamo  and Dennis Hopper, like three good actors.
  Unbelievable.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, it's, no, it's very strong,  but there's only so much you can do  when probably they're writing the movie on the day.
  It was the same writing quality  as Ken Koopa's cool cartoons.
  It's like no script, what the hell is this?  Yeah.
  So what I was getting at though,  is that like first time watching this opening,  I'm like, what the hell is that on the ground?  What is this thing running around?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes, you're right.
  This is horrifying.
  And it's so, the footage is so bad and blurry and dark.
  I'm honestly like, I don't know what this is.
  This is some kind of hell hound.
  And it's clearly moving in an erratic animal-like fashion.
  So like, is this a dog with a mask?  But then later you see the same character  in a studio setting.
  And the answer is it is both things.
  But in general, what this is, is Koopa's pet rat, Ratso.
  Ratso, yeah.
  At a certain point he calls it his prize rat.
  Oh.
  So I think, yeah.
  He won a prize.
  So an award winner.
  So yeah, he's both a dog with just a costume on.
  And he's also a puppet.
  He's also a puppet that comes like,  just like in a traditional puppet theater  in the way that-  It's very like Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Like when there's like a supporting,  there's a guy in a suit,  but then there's a supporting smaller puppet.
  Bozo would talk to the puppet dog, Cuddly Dudley.
  Just for information.
  You are pulling all the,  you are not looking at any device with the Bozo stuff.
  It's all off the dough.
  No, I didn't have to refresh on any of that.
  All of the Bozo specifics.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, Cuddly Dudley, I know.
  This, I hope that masks don't hurt a dog.
  I hope that dogs are not made uncomfortable by a mask,  whatever.
  Let me say that.
  But when a dog is wearing a mask, it is very entertaining.
  A dog in a rat mask, it looks so crazy in that opening.
  And it all reminds me of one of my favorite  mystery science theater movies, Killer Shrews,  where there's all these like terrifying,  bloodthirsty creatures.
  And they all have fangs just strapped on  to regular dog's faces.
  Oh yeah.
  I have a feeling that in the 1950s,  the Killer Shrews were not treated so well.
  Uh-huh.
  I don't know.
  There's probably a reason you don't see animals  in masks more often.
  Yeah, I was gonna say, you know how you were like,  oh, what's that really erratic behavior  from that small creature?  It's because the dog is having a panic attack.
  It's because it's in a mask.
  It can't see anything.
  What is this?  What is on me?  This is the end.
  So the dog's giving a hell of a performance.
  So a lot of dogs feel when they have a hat on.
  Yeah.
  Much less a mask.
  Our dog, when he's got a sweater on,  fucking hates it.
  He's rolling around.
  Stop, stop, stop.
  Kill me, stop.
  Garwood loves wearing little sweaters.
  He does not like putting them on.
  He does not like getting them put on him.
  Sure.
  But he likes having them on.
  Because he looks good.
  He likes it.
  He likes the attention.
  He looks very sharp, yeah.
  So rats are there.
  I love ratso.
  Yeah, ratso.
  I mean, I like ratso, obviously.
  And then you got the kids who are all in very like,  it's a Mickey Mouse Club situation.
  They all need their uniform.
  So they are wearing Koopa's Troopa's shirts  that they got to keep.
  And then helmets that are like turtle head helmets  that they had to turn back into the studio  when the taping was done.
  So that they could be.
  I mean, you know, I'm in theme park mode.
  I'm thinking so that they can sanitize the helmets.
  The helmets were not sanitized.
  There was a new group of kids coming in,  probably in two hours.
  There were so many families of head lice  living in the Koopa Troopa helmets.
  Even after a year.
  The major, yeah, probably any Los Angeles lice  in the late 80s.
  Yeah.
  The agent zero of it was like any kid  who'd been at the taping of Koopa's cool cartoons.
  Right, because they were allowed to keep the t-shirts.
  They all were matching t-shirts,  but they took the helmets back.
  I just said this, but yes.
  Okay, sorry.
  I was just trying to reiterate.
  I know you said it.
  I was just trying to reiterate.
  Yeah, good cover, good cover.
  It was just like, it was an important point.
  So I'm gonna say it again.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so I was talking to, I mentioned Justin again,  and he said, yeah, I really wanted one of those helmets.
  And I thought I would be able to get it  if I got on the show, but then he realized,  he didn't ever get to do the show, but then.
  Okay, I thought that was gonna be the reveal maybe.
  He just did.
  No, no, it's a different,  you're not gonna expect where the reveal goes.
  But he said, he never got to go on the show,  but he just remembers, he didn't ever know it was regional,  but he remembers him taking live calls on the air.
  It's a call in?  That's too chaotic for a kid show.
  You don't know what's gonna happen on that.
  Right, so, and there's no footage of that,  but that's what he remembers, live calls,  and he remembers he would write letters  and try to get in there too.
  Oh, okay.
  Try to participate.
  But never got read.
  It's so hard, again, it seems like this is sort of,  like a major area of lost media.
  Like somehow there is very little of this,  and the footage that does exist is so poorly recorded.
  Somebody this very week on YouTube posted,  like, I tried to restore it, which actually did help.
  I was able to hear the audio of a segment with Ratso.
  I wrote down no notes about it,  so clearly it left no impression,  but I was able to hear that.
  I was able to hear every bit of dialogue of vegetable theater,  a segment where pieces of vegetables are held up  and puppeted, and then Koopa cuts off parts of them.
  Is it possible, none of the, I think,  is it 56 episodes were recorded, maybe?  Six is in the 60s.
 65.
  Okay, I reversed it.
  Maybe nothing is worth saving of any of this?  Very possibly, yes.
  One of the videos I was watching, this guy,  and let me find, I'm sure we all watch the same video,  because there's not many videos.
  Is it Thomas Game Docs?  Does that sound familiar?  Maybe not.
  I think it was a different one.
  Oh, okay.
  Did this, the information is that, you know,  there's been a couple people on Reddit  have talked about it.
  One specific Redditor says that they have two copies,  two episodes on tape,  but these have yet to be uploaded or put online.
  Also, somebody thinks that UCLA has an episode  in the archives, but they will not release it to the public.
  Why?  I don't know.
  What are you writing?  It's time to storm it.
  I'm not sure.
  Let's storm it, guys.
  This is the PTR, January 6th.
  All right.
  Cliffords are gonna go and politely ask  that they hand us a tape that we will return.
  Right.
  Just to see what a full episode  of King Koopa's Cool Cartoons was like.
  So yeah, UCLA might have it in their film and TV archive.
  One episode, not the whole run of the show.
  Look, I wanna see the show,  but I also, if you work at the UCLA film archive,  can I just ask, don't you need the space?  Don't you need a prison?  There's something better you could store there.
  Complete digital copy.
  Don't you need the file space?  Yeah.
  Yeah, this isn't even worth.
  The YouTubers who've posted clips of this,  they're like, let's leave this episode up  for a couple days and then, that's it.
  And we'll delete it, yeah, we need the space.
  Yeah, yeah, we're gonna need the space.
  Or maybe if we could just borrow it for like an hour  and use your viewing, you must have viewing for students.
  You must have a TV, VCR, DVD player.
  I may be.
  I'm worried this isn't gonna work.
  The only solution is to sign up for full tuition.
  Years of education at UCLA.
  We have to do this on the open up,  where it's never gonna work.
  It's funny this popped up too,  because I have been looking through like places  in the valley and around here  that have student TV programs.
  And I was like, could I use a TV studio?  Would I have to sign up for one class?  UCLA is not the place to do it,  but maybe it is now that we wanna get that.
  You're looking for student TV stations to shoot at?  Yeah, I don't know what for yet.
  I'm just saying like this is all kind of,  this is all converging at the same time.
  Where I was like, it'd be interesting to get in,  shoot a TV show at a college TV station.
  With interns working the cameras.
  That's by the way where I started with the idea.
  So it's not like I even have thought it out.
  Are you trying to do it?  I mean, I've thought it out.
  Are you trying to be the host of a cool teen dance show  for affirmation that you are cool with teens?  Maybe.
  I could do a lot.
  Maybe they just give me like a Saturday block of programming.
  Hey, you're back again with Mondo Mike's big time hits.
  I'll do it.
  We're spinning all the songs that kids love.
  Green Day, Aerosmith, here's one from the Gin Blossoms.
  The Burbank Library has a bunch of media center.
  Like they have a sound booth that you can rent out,  but it's max two people.
  I looked up that one.
  Okay, do they have a whole television studio?  Or is this a children's show?  No, they might have a green screen  and like editing computers.
  Do they have risers for children?  To watch me perform?  Oh, a few unful risers for children?  I don't know.
  You'd have to talk to the head librarian for that.
  Head of technology might be able to help you there.
  Do you guys have a little room that I could fit like,  I don't know, 30 or 40 children in  and then shut the door and it should be soundproof too.
  Just so that I can like, you know,  screw around and do whatever I want in there with them.
  Oh man, librarians still get enough grief these days.
  Like, hey, we're trying to shoot a twisted  proof of concept TV show.
  Could you help us?  I'll talk to the mayor.
  Maybe he'll help in Burbank.
  So where do we leave it?  Oh, the kids and the shit.
  We haven't talked about the catchphrase of the show.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  Be a good Koopa or I'll Koopa-youpa.
  What does that mean?  No idea.
  Yeah, I was trying to read that earlier.
  And I was like, I don't know.
  Just being Koopa, you can use it as a verb  is like, I'll kill you.
  Why, you have to be a Koopa or I'll Koopa,  but-  Well, how about this?  Be a killer or I'll kill you.
  Kind of works.
  I guess you translated it from Koopa-ese.
  Yeah, he's telling them you have to kill or I'll kill you.
  I'm now picturing, I'm now looking at this character  and imagining him saying that, which I can picture.
  Except I think he's doing it with a smile.
  Hey, be a killer or I'll kill you.
  I think he just said that on the show.
  I think this guy slipped and said it on the show.
  Well, he said some other bad stuff too, apparently.
  He said, there's one I implore all of us to not say.
  No, I don't wanna say it, but like he-  I'm not gonna say that one.
  There were two performers that played King Koopa  because one of them was racially insensitive on the air.
  Oh yeah, that is not what I saw, yeah.
  Well yeah, and by the way,  don't know that's a different thing we're talking about.
  Oh no.
  Yeah, no, we're talking about  something totally different, Jason.
  Should we talk about this guy?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Chris Collins, though I saw a different name too.
  Another Chris.
  All of this could be fake, by the way.
  All of this information feels like it's really lightly  sourced to the point where it could be all rumor.
  Well, the guy exists.
  I mean, yes he does.
  He's on IMDB and he's credited as the character.
  He's a performer, yes, yes.
  Dan, he looks like a Bill Frawley type.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So it adds up that, so we start with Christopher Collins  and again, I don't have his other name  that he went by in front of me,  but a veteran voice actor was in a lot of,  was in a lot of like big kids cartoons.
  He played Starscream.
  He was Starscream.
  In Transformers.
  In Transformers.
  And Cobra Commander.
  Wow.
  In G.
I.
 Joe.
  These are huge.
  Yeah.
  Characters that live on and the other people probably do  something in the vein of what this guy did.
  Yes, and who knew he couldn't be trusted  on live television to say something crazy.
  I think he also already hit on a woman in the audience  or would commonly do this, maybe.
  Like Yoshi would do.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I saw the name Chris Lada.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Okay, that's the other one.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, he, you know, he said this  where he said, I know where you live.
  There's general stories about this guy.
  He, okay.
  Here's one about, this is in a book  by a Transformers and G.
I.
 Joe producer,  the Flint Dill, who says he had to regularly bail  this guy out of jail while working on the cartoons.
  This is in the grand tradition of Bob Bell, I feel like.
  Like kind of an unstable seeming performer.
  Although this guy seems a little more unhinged.
  What was it about why local entertainment,  why did local entertainment lend itself,  kids entertainment lend itself to drunkenness?  Well, I think everyone, especially in the,  everyone was drunk in the 60s, 1560s.
  So I think that's just blank  and any older man was drunk all the time.
  Sure.
  And at their job.
  So it's not so strange.
  Right.
  But then this, if this guy is just on,  was this show live?  We, yeah, it is Collins.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  So, but there's a difference between,  we'll let this old drunk be in a cartoon version.
  Versus he will be live on television  with children in front of him.
  It's crazy.
  Well, even, I think the original Bozo show was live too.
  You were, you're like, cause everything,  so many more things were live back in the old days.
  But there was still, I guess in the 80s,  holdover from that.
  Cause yeah, the news would be live.
  And I'm sure other like local programs would be live.
  Oh, sure.
  Well, even live to tape, you, it happens.
  Then you're like, oh God,  we gotta put it in the machine and cut that out.
  Sure, yeah.
  Which is a pain in the ass.
  They showed us how to use a reel to reel.
  Oh, I worked a reel to reel in college.
  Sure, you ever worked a reel to reel?  I did, no, that was done.
  Yeah, I mean, I don't know why I had to do it.
  It was on the way out, we had an habit.
  But I had to like, cause you deserve to be punished too.
  I had to cut like a news package.
  You should do what I did.
  Reel to reel from a big time, like there's a,  furthermore, I'm not gonna work in the news department.
  Second of all, there are fucking computers over there.
  A lot of my peers would just say like,  all right, I'll reserve time for the reel to reel  and just go to the final cut lab and just like,  do it there.
  It looks so much better.
  Yeah, the more precise, the better.
  Better if nobody wants to cut the way they used to.
  One of the YouTube videos about this show  and the talk about the host led me in the direction  of an episode of WTF with Mark Maron,  where they quoted it,  but then I wanted to hear it in context.
  It's in an episode with Lorraine Newman from SNL  and she's talking about the joys of doing voiceover.
  And he, Samarin says, see, when I think about voiceover,  I think of this guy, this, there was this guy,  this monster who was just drugs and booze and weird,  just fucking creepy.
  You'd see this guy doing standup,  like he was doing standup in Boston  when I was starting to do it.
  And just this guy, the darkest guy.
  And Lorraine Newman jokes and says,  and his name is expecting to get nothing in return.
  And Marin just says, Chris Collins, he's dead.
  He just says this guy's name  and talks about the negative energy around this guy  and how knowing that he did kids' cartoons,  that he said that he would think to himself like,  oh, if only these parents knew who was,  it was putting their voice in that animal.
  So Marin, Marin like really, he gets dark, just recalling.
  And I have no further stories about this guy  and his drunkenness, but like, you know,  Marin saw some dark stuff doing,  the way he started doing standup.
  Marin was around with, Sam Kinnison was around,  too, was out of control.
  But that's a joyous, wonderful kind of message.
  Well, yeah, some of it.
  But I mean, yeah, Sam Kinnison made it look like it was a.
  He's having a party.
  It will be a huge mess.
  No, I'm just like, wow.
  So one of the only like opinions out there  about this Koopa host is Marin getting very morose.
  Can I ask, how did you get there?  Did you just Google his name and you found a mention of it?  It was, part of that quote was said in one of these videos  and then I Googled the name Chris Collins and WTF  with Marc Marin.
  Check out the show if you haven't heard it.
  Good interviews.
  Lock the gate.
  Obama's on it.
  Politicians, he's got all the Oscar nominees,  it seems like, recently.
  It's really impressive.
  Cool, so check it out.
  But anyway, like, and then on top of that,  I mean, did you see the other thing that this guy,  like, basically he, like, I don't know whether,  I don't know what order to say this in.
  He was fired from this show.
  He was let go from King Koopa and they're thinking,  well, we could just put another guy in this face paint  and get away with it pretty easily.
  He was replaced with Patrick Penny,  who is the voice of the pirate in SpongeBob.
  He's that, he's the beginning of every single episode  with SpongeBob SquarePants.
  So this is a children's show legend.
  This is like one of the most iconic.
  Well, they both are.
  Yes, the other guy is too.
  SpongeBob is public.
  But some legends are complicated and cursed.
  I wanna know why he had two names.
  Like, why is he credit, was one a stage name  and one a birth name?  Was he hiding?  Had he left?  Did he pull all the same stuff  while being a regional other kids show character?  And then he like, he ran out of Boston, like,  okay, no problem, gonna change my name.
  Gotta get my act together and should be good.
  Oh, this show, yes, I'd love to wear a mask  and obscure my identity.
  So it's like the perfect job for me.
  Cobra.
 Of course I won't scream at the children.
  Cobra faked his death and gave him a new identity.
  That powerful.
  This guy died in like, what is it, 94 or something?  Like he was 44 years old, very young.
  And it doesn't say, does it say why?  I don't know.
  A brain thing.
  Okay.
  Maybe a whistle and freak thing.
  But he also, I think after this, shortly after this,  he was fired from another prominent series  involving animation.
  That series is called The Simpsons.
  This guy was the first voice of two of the more obscure  characters, Mr.
 Burns and Moe.
  Ah, was this guy.
  I feel like maybe I kind of knew there was a Moe,  but I did not know there was another Mr.
 Burns.
  Yeah, I feel like I've heard Aang talk about that.
  Tengu Zerea talk about, yeah, like first Moe  or coming in later and like figuring it out.
  Well, what he says is they were perfectly happy  with the performance of this guy,  but the producers and Sam Simon in particular  just hated working with this guy.
  He was just a huge pain in the ass.
  They didn't want to deal with him anymore.
  So they got rid of him and brought in Aang Zerea.
  And he says, so that should be a lesson  to you kids out there.
  Be nice on your jobs and maybe things will end up okay.
  So fired from both King Koopa's Cool Cartoons  and The Simpsons for being not nice.
  One seems to be a bigger loss than the other  and I won't say which.
  I don't know what they were making  on original King Koopa's Cool Cartoons.
  I would have to see some salary line items,  but I would guess that they were paid in sandwiches.
  Maybe like the thing that would have set up his whole life  that it was straight in front of him.
  Yeah, really.
  It's real.
  I mean, look, it's sad.
  Whatever is the situation, I'm sure always is sad.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But it's been a long time ago.
  So guys on a paywall podcast, they're going, Jesus Christ.
  His friends are like, don't worry about it.
  What do you think that show's gonna go for?  Yeah.
  That was an episode.
  You told them to shove it good.
  It's not Gunsmoke.
  Things go over by the end of the month.
  There's no way that beats Gunsmoke.
  The King, Gunsmoke.
  Gunsmoke.
  Gunsmoke.
  Let's go watch some Gunsmoke and get liquor.
  Which season you want?  There's 20 of them.
  Let's go to the UCLA.
  We don't have a DVD of it right now.
  But we gotta go to the archives.
  I had a weird Simpsons connection the other day,  which we watched Elvis.
  And I think I knew this, but I didn't remember it.
  But there's like later in the movie,  later in his career, there's numerous scenes with Tom Hanks  as the scene chewing Colonel Tom Parker going,  Dr.
 Nick, I'll get in there.
  You know, like help the man.
  Dr.
 Nick, someone get Dr.
 Nick.
  And I was like, oh my God, I forgot Dr.
 Nick.
  The name Dr.
 Nick is based on Elvis' quack doctor  who was just pumping me full of anything and everything.
  That's what Dr.
 Nick is from?  That's what I, I was like, wait,  that can't be a coincidence.
  Oh, wait, so wait a minute.
  But do you know this?  Are you just taking a leap?  I'm pretty sure I heard this years ago.
  I'm pretty sure.
  Maybe I convinced myself I was wrong.
  So there's comments, sluts, get moving.
  There was a lot of, there was a lot of.
  This is a recipe for.
  The tabloidy kind of books about Colonel Tom Parker.
  And I'm sure Dr.
 Nick was a character.
  Oh, we're gonna have to find this out.
  You know, a recurring character.
  Well, it looks okay.
  This is on todayifoundout.
com.
  So if we trust todayifoundout.
com.
  Well, it's one of the most trusted websites I know of.
  But there's other, do we maybe head to this  fact that I, again, I don't believe it.
  Because why, how did the show end?  It didn't end with, oh yeah, wait, you got something else?  Well, I was just gonna say a couple of other,  because again, there's not much footage of this.
  Like, sketch, a common, like, just to give you a sense  of a little more of what the show is.
  I know it's not really that important,  but like, he would be like, ah, this is,  I'm setting the table for a party or whatever.
  Who's it gonna be here, boys and girls?  And then like rats and like mice or lizards  and bad guys.
  And he would all of a sudden, like,  then he'd like get in a fight with Ratso.
  And then he'd like just go under the table  and they'd throw confetti or like streamers up  to make it look like he was fighting with them  or he was getting like beaten up or what.
  Like, not the height of comedy.
  Uh-huh.
 Yeah.
  And not even, fine, I guess, for kids to see like,  oh, they're fighting, I get it.
  And correct me if I'm wrong,  but the representation of Mario and Luigi,  by the way, on the show, where they were kind of painted  on a wall in the background.
  Yeah, I don't think that.
  Yeah, framed photos.
  Just so you can remember who he wants to kill.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  So yeah, it would be a lot of him like fighting  with himself in some sort of scenario.
  And when I say a lot of it, I just mean there's two clips  and that's the same kind of bit.
  And it's been both of them really.
  He's getting in like a struggle with like a weird,  what was it, like a head?  You've seen, there's two clips.
  It's hard to see exactly what's going on.
  Yeah, I found it hard to pay attention during the two clips.
  That's fair.
  I'm just trying to get like,  I want our audience to get a sense  of the comedy on the show.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Like, you know, like, ah, whoop, oh, I'm getting,  oh, I'm getting beaten up under the table here.
  There's some confetti in the air, whatever.
  And then he would show like a royalty-free Popeye cartoon.
  Like, oh, play the cartoon.
  And then it would be like, you'd be like,  this is an old cartoon.
  Like, because Bozo would do the same thing.
  They would show these old cartoons and you'd be like,  I like Bozo, but what is this?  Like, I can barely, like, audio is like fuzzy.
  The tape they're playing it from is like.
  It's just a bunch of people doing opium.
  What is this?  Yeah.
  This is the saddest cartoon I've ever seen.
  You'd be lucky to get a Popeye cartoon often.
  You would just get like some knockoff Disney cartoon  that you could barely hear the audio on.
  Oh, maybe in Oswald?  Not even there?  No, no, no, no.
  You don't think?  That wasn't kind of in the ether?  Like kind of in-  I bet not, but I could be wrong.
  Why is it just people huffing ether?  Yeah.
  No, no, like in the air.
  No, I know.
  Oh, okay.
  There was old depressing cartoons of ether.
  Like, Betty Boop and a grotesque character of Humvee Bogart.
  It would be like that for the first,  in The Simpsons, like the first itchy cartoon  where he's just walking and whistling or something.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just like whatever they didn't have to pay  and they could pad this thing out with  is what would happen.
  So yeah, he would fight with himself under a table,  throw it to a cartoon, come back.
  A cartoon that children have no desire to see.
  Take a call, ask for letters,  which you would send it to Koopa's Keeper.
  What?  Koopa's Keeper.
  Is that the name of the mailbox?  I guess.
  And it would be like P.
O.
 Box  and then the zip code is 90028,  which is one off from my old zip code.
  So it's close to Los Feliz, or is Los Feliz,  wherever that P.
O.
 Box was.
  It's the lake.
  We're just, we're taking all your letters  or dumping them in the lake.
  He's walking over a bridge.
  Do you think that's the,  for a second I thought maybe it was the Atwater Bridge,  but I believe this was shot on the Fox Lot,  which is over in Century City, close to UCLA.
  Unless it was just a local,  like it's the Fox 11 studios, you know?  That could have been really.
  That's true.
  Not that I know where that is.
  Yeah, I don't know where that is either.
  So maybe, cause in my mind when I was watching,  I thought it was like Prospect Studios,  which is over in Los Feliz,  which is close to Atwater with the bridge.
  Could have been.
  But I don't know.
  Again, we don't,  we could add that rumor to the Zweg's Bookopedias  and it'll just be fact for now.
  We're immediately one of the most factual sources  about this show.
  Right.
  By talking about it at all.
  Prospect, whom of Grey's Anatomy, right?  And some Marvel productions?  All I know is General Hospital still is shot there.
  Okay.
  I don't know where Grey's Anatomy is.
  It's just kind of built into a neighborhood.
  It's kind of hidden.
  Yes, it's interesting.
  I never knew it was there for like years.
  I didn't realize it was there.
  And I know there were production offices  for some Marvel stuff,  but they don't like shoot things there.
  And I think that's gone.
  I think that's done now,  but I could be wrong.
  So yeah, that's a sense of the show  for as far as we know.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, he would say,  the first Koopa would say offensive things got fired  and then the second one.
  And lived on for a body year.
  The clips we don't see are probably him saying like,  hey kids, let's do the, wait a minute, not him.
  The one in the front row, he's ugly, trade him out.
  Yeah.
  He could stay, but turn him around.
  He could just spin him.
  It's fine.
  I would.
  He doesn't get the look.
  He's too ugly to look.
  I would believe that some of the crowd work  might be worth a watch.
  Yeah, that's why YouTube archivist,  let's get this going.
  Right.
  Let's see what this guy was up to every day.
  Especially this fucking maniac guy, the first one.
  Koopa's got a little bit of slime  that's gonna come out of his throat.
  It's gonna have to go into my crown.
  Blah, blah.
  Were you kids warned about splash?  You and the furrow, hang on.
  It's coming again, blah.
  Is Koopa dipping this episode?  The stagehand is like, oh, does he die?  Did he die his throat green?  And they're like, no, he didn't.
  I don't know.
  I don't know what that is.
  He left his dip cup.
  Maybe he just had a slutter.
  That's my special mushroom sauce.
  Is that something that would be in this shit?  Can't say shit in the show.
  Yeah, sure, I care.
  It's local.
  I'm a king.
  I say whatever the fuck I want.
  No, stop it, don't.
  I'll say.
  Young Mark Maron is just like watching haunted.
  Haunted.
  18, thinks about quitting.
  Business forever.
  Yeah, so okay, yeah.
  I think as far as any useless facts,  I think we have to get to this.
  Yeah, so it doesn't end with this weird drunk hosting  piece of information.
  It keeps going with the second host,  but they make it up to 65 episodes.
  It even is nominated for a Wins of Children's Emmy.
  The ratings were good in theory somehow.
  I mean, probably Mario Fever is gonna puff this up.
  Yeah, I probably would've watched it.
  I would've really enjoyed this show.
  Because I love Mario, yeah.
  And it would've haunted my brain as a like,  did I see that kind of,  I could see why it's in Justin's brain.
  But then it goes away.
  And according to sources,  why it goes, do you have this more officially written down  than I do?  I have the actual, it's on, oh shit, of course,  it's, the thing is gone here.
  But I had.
  You had the warrant.
  I would've, we can just say it, we can just say it.
  I guess it's, I'm sure we can get it close  to what the sentence that we both read is.
  Mm-hmm.
  It went away because someone wrote a letter  to the president of Fox.
  To Barry Diller.
  The man who wrote the letter, his name, Jason,  can you guess who it is?  Oh, this I do know.
  Oh, you do know?  I do know, yeah.
  Michael Eisner.
 Michael Eisner.
  The head of the Walt Disney Company, yeah.
  Michael Eisner ends up in our really unrelated episodes.
  Yes, something that finally doesn't have anything  to do with Michael Eisner and he, look who shows up.
  He shows up and I was just like, oh.
  Hello.
  It feels really, you feel crazy, you feel like now,  I do feel like maybe we live in a simulation.
  Mm-hmm.
  That officially now, I believe that, I think,  is that human existence is like a simulation  and that this was just put here to be a nice little bow  at the end of this episode.
  Buzz a buzz, scuttle, scuttle.
  That's exactly right.
  The, I don't, yeah, why?  How in the world?  This is not, if you were, if you've been paying attention  in this episode, this is not a Disney product.
  No, it wasn't and like the company which is,  is it DIC or Deke?  Deke is what I always thought it was as a kid,  which is a production company.
  What did they say at the end?  Deke.
  Deke, okay, there you go.
  Mm-hmm.
  Okay, it's out of business now.
  Deke's going?  Deke most prominently, they would work with Disney later,  but not during this.
  I always knew they were at the end of Inspector Gadget.
  Yeah.
  It would say that.
  You go, oh, what is that?  Uh-huh.
  And so I should find.
  What is, Eisner has nothing to do with,  why is he poking his nose in this?  Right, that's why it seems made up,  because why would he care?  I think Deke had some Disney connections.
  Yes, it did, that's what I just.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, but mostly more later, I think.
  Yeah, later for sure.
  But yeah, so according to this,  and one of the writers says that Michael Eisner  wrote a letter because, and let me,  yeah, now I will get it completely right.
  It said the letter stated that the show  undermine the morals of its live youthful audiences.
  Okay.
  What?  It's just him giving a friendly tip to Barry Diller.
  This show, you're airing a show that's gross.
  So yeah, okay, so let's analyze the options here.
  This is a complete lie, which seems weird.
  Why would that be, like, it doesn't.
  Yeah, it's attributed to somebody who wrote on the show,  Christopher Brau.
  Yes.
  So there is a name, but I, every,  when I saw it in a Wikipedia, when I saw it in a video,  I'm still like, you know, where did he say it?  I need like a, I need an interview, I need a big blurb  with a quote from this guy to believe this.
  Yeah, there were letters to the like LA Times going like,  this is scary for a show, this man is creepy.
  Yes, and that pointed out that there was,  it's like, yes, this man is upsetting and he is rude.
  And I frankly am disgusted by the segment, dirty underwear.
  Right, yes, I saw that, yeah.
  What could that have been?  Well, that also opens up more questions of like,  what were the, what is the other stuff on this show?  Dirty underwear is a segment, this is a runner-up.
  Yeah.
  This is in almost every episode.
  I think it's like, all right, kids, you want today's prize,  all right, your prize is that you get to clean Christopher,  I mean, King Koopa's special underwear.
  Right, what did Michael Eisner see, if this is true?  Is Michael Eisner watching this every day?  I can't imagine.
  So he's a busy man.
  He's a very busy man at the band at this point.
  If I'm to believe his intros to all his TV shows,  he's the chairman and CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
  Right, so it's like, he walks in on Breck one day  watching King Koopa and he catches this guy  saying something vile on live television.
  Yeah.
  And he goes, oh shit, who produces, who makes,  oh, they're doing this on local Fox TV,  okay, I gotta take care of this.
  All right, we gotta stay, kids, we're camping today,  we gotta start a campfire, hey, what's this thing,  a crucifix?  Snap, it's Kindlewood to me now.
  Look at this guy burn in his fantastic bod.
  This is my friend, he made this piece of art  called Piss Christ and we're showing it here today.
  Oh, wait, look at this, this is a whole pile of ratso shit.
  Oh, look at this manger set, oh no,  what's gonna happen when these two things mesh up?  Everyone make a, make,  car-scope your parents out of shit and then step on them.
  Hey, kids at home, don't shit in the toilet,  shit on the kitchen floor.
  You wanna power up like Mario?  Go outside and get one of the needles you see on the street.
  Just plug it into yourself like a Nintendo controller  and you'll get powers.
  So Michael Eisner comes home, Breck has got needles,  he's shit on the kitchen floor, he's got the manger scene  also, what are you doing here, what is this,  what is this, King Koopa told me.
  Who did it, who told you what?  The man, King Koopa on the television on Fox.
  Fox, I know Barry Diller, I'm gonna take care of this  right now and he gets out his stationery  and his quill pen, I'm assuming, or typewriter  and he's typing a letter.
  It was a Mickey Mouse pen.
  Mickey Mouse pen, right.
  Yeah, which it's weird, I feel like back then  you still heard of the affiliates and the corporate  company, but separately.
  Everything about the affiliates.
  Jay Leno knows, of course, I'm sure Barry Diller knows too.
  I mean, I guess it's the flagship that they're based in LA,  that's kind of the flagship.
  This doesn't make sense, how is this going all the way  to the top, Eisner and Diller, they're both busy.
  He's in charge, this is what's not right about this,  he's in charge of Fox, Fox, he's worried about  how fly the Fly Girls are on a different color.
  Yes, that's nationwide, that's a nationwide concern.
  The girls aren't fly enough, people aren't gonna watch.
  He's worried about balancing the comedy and the drama  on 21 Jump Street.
  Yes, but then there's also, this is so unbelievable,  I feel like there has to be some truth to it.
  Why would he make this up?  Yeah, where does it come from, if not.
  Right, there has to be, at least somebody's told him this.
  But man, Michael Eisner, he probably didn't write about this  in his book, I assume, but.
  Oh, he's written a few books at this point.
  I haven't gotten any of his personal ones.
  Or any of them called My Grapples with Koopa.
  Fire bombing my empire.
  When I figuratively stepped on the drawbridge  in front of King Koopa, like in the level of Mario,  the first Super Mario Brothers, and I jumped over his head  and jumped on that key thing in the drawbridge,  retracted under him.
  I felt like a Super Mario that day.
  Very weird moment reading about the Deek Company.
  The picture of their headquarters is a place  I drive by all the time.
  It's like by Bob's Big Boy.
  Yeah, that's right, yeah.
  The big boy.
  I remember that.
  I feel like it was there when we moved,  when we all were first in LA.
  You think so?  Yeah, it was Deek recently.
  It was Deek recently.
  Not that long ago.
  Yeah.
  I remember seeing it and going, oh shit.
  Wow.
  There it is.
  We're in the land of Deek?  That was the dream factory.
  Warner Brothers lot is like mere steps away.
  And I was like, yeah, but Inspector Gadget  had this logo at the end of it.
  Wow, there might be an old fax related  to Inspector Gadget in that building  if they haven't cleaned lately.
  Any number of checks they did not mail  to the people who worked on it.
  Any number of checks.
  Residuals owed to Don Adams.
  Don Adams.
  Wow.
  You know what we didn't say is who made,  who wrote the theme song?  What?  Haim Saban.
  What?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  Yeah, Mr.
 Children's Television.
  Wasn't I just saying in an episode,  I feel like I found the fact in real time  that he claims that he wrote 500 songs or something.
  Yes, you did.
  We just brought this up,  which is why I almost was thinking,  did we just say this?  But I-  Not about this.
  Haim Saban wrote this.
  And this is, yeah, before I guess he figured out  the scam of repurposing old footage  and then underpaying actors and making a huge empire.
  Yeah, speaking of repurposing stuff,  so as I was looking at stuff  and thinking of other cartoons from when I was a kid,  I feel like there's a lot of these lost cartoons.
  Mike, you said you had seen Captain M, the Game Master,  and then here's James Bond Jr.
  Very similar.
 Of course, yeah.
  Tall brunette guy with a jacket, with a jacket.
  And then here's a character named Ziv Zoolander  from The Bots Master.
  Really similar.
  The Bots Master.
  Yeah, The Bots Master.
  Probably the lost cartoon that I'm like,  I wonder how many people remember The Bots Master.
  And did I only ever find Bots Master toys  at the KB outlets?  No.
  KB Toys outlets.
  I've been to a KB outlet.
  Yeah.
  I found discounted Bucky O'Hare comics  at a KB outlet once.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's like a blast.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Honestly, very exciting.
  These are some of the fondest memories of my childhood.
  So now, I mean, obviously the many Ninja Turtle,  you know, Street Sharks, Cowboys of the Moon Mesa,  all the like attempts to generate Ninja Turtles again.
  I never watched James Bond Jr.
,  but I very much remember the commercial for it.
  And he'd be like, I'm James Bond, James Bond Jr.
  Like that for whatever reason,  maybe that line reading isn't completely correct,  but I always remember being like, this is weird.
  I remember just feeling like this was a weird thing.
  I don't know if I don't need to put this on your reading  and maybe it'd be different if I saw the real show,  but what it sounds like is really crappy.
  Well, James Bond fights Spectre,  James Bond Jr.
 fights Scum.
  I remember it, because the theme song ends with the phrase,  James Bond Jr.
 chases Scum around the world.
  There was an NES game where I could,  the first level was really fun  and then you had to beat a puzzle to move on to the next level  and I never beat the puzzle.
  So I only ran at the game once,  so I would just turn the system off  and just replay the first level over and over.
  Why did James Bond Jr.
 never appear in the movies?  That's a great question.
  You got something big in the universe.
  Yeah, and they never explored it.
  Why did his uncle, James Bond, by the way,  James Bond Jr.
, but I believe it was his uncle,  not his father.
  Is that right?  I think that was the gimmick, but I'd love to see-  Young Indiana Jones, his uncle?  Or was it Indiana Jones?  No, Young Indiana Jones is Young Indiana Jones.
  Yeah.
  Stop rewind.
  Oh, yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's the continuity as the circus train chase  in Last Crusade, yeah.
  Okay, that's a good point.
  He's his friend IQ, the grandson of Q.
  Yeah, that's right, yeah.
  It was just James Bond babies, really.
  It is, yeah.
  It was on perform up at babies.
  I think I'd switch channels.
  I'd sliver them up at babies.
  Did James Bond Jr.
 get laid as much as James Bond?  I don't know.
  I mean, James Bond sometimes wears a windbreaker,  when he's casual.
  And which one?  Craig, Daniel Craig, kind of has a tan jacket on sometimes.
  But is that a windbreaker?  Would you call that a windbreaker?  It's sort of like a windbreaker,  like a members only sort of jacket.
  Oh, I'm trying to remember that.
  Well, we'll look into that for later.
  Hey, how would you like to do some over the clothes stuff?  Is that what James Bond Jr.
 says?  Yeah, yeah.
  Okay.
  I have to drive my nephew to the winter formal.
  I swear he has a funny voice though.
  Like, hello, I'm James Bond.
  His voice is Cory Burton,  the voice of the Disneyland parking tram.
  Yeah.
  And the fake ghost host in the Christmas version.
  In my memory, James Bond Jr.
's voice is Paddington.
  I'm James Bond, James Bond Jr.
  If everyone is nice and polite, the world would be right.
  I'm James Bond Jr.
  So you're quite a babe.
  Would you like to go behind closed doors  and would you describe what your bra looks like to be?  You've got a hot bod, I'd like to say.
  Your bod is quite hot.
  You've got a dynamite bod.
  A dynamite bod.
  I'm gonna send you guys the theme song to Bots Master  and you're gonna hate it.
  I actually don't know about Bots Master.
  But you will notice  the very first credit executive producer, Avi Arad.
  Oh yeah.
  The man who forever will get the executive producer credit  on any Spider-Man movie.
  Oh, okay.
  Avi and Ike Perlmutter rescued Marvel from bankruptcy.
  Toy Biz.
  Because they own Toy Biz, the toy company.
  So they got linked to,  they're stuck in the Marvel machine  for the rest of their lives.
  But Perlmutter did fail in his attempts  to put that weird guy on the board.
  Yes, because Perlmutter hates Iger  because Iger pushed Perlmutter out  because Perlmutter wanted Feige fired  because Feige pushed Ike out of the decision-making process  of the movies.
  None of this ugliness when Eisner was around.
  I know, that man could get things done.
  He just writes a goddamn letter.
  And suddenly a show that he doesn't even have anything  to do with is off the air.
  He could cancel any show he wanted.
  That's how much power he had.
  With but the type of-  Sir, you don't own that.
  Doesn't matter, do it.
  With the touch of my quill,  with the typing of a typewriter,  I can cancel any show on the air.
  He could make a phone call.
  There could have been a live State of the Union  from President Bush.
  And then suddenly he gets a tap on the shoulder  and a phone call and like,  Oh, mm-hmm, oh, Eisner, yes, okay.
  All right, bye.
  Speech over, done.
  Whatever hockey game he wants is on now instead.
  You're not in charge anymore, I'm in charge.
  He could cancel a hockey game mid-game.
  If the letter could get fast enough to the game.
  Fight team wins, this is over.
  They just shut the lights off.
  Let's freeze the score in place.
  Shut the lights off.
  Game's over, send out Iceman.
  Ducks win.
  Ducks win, what?  Shut it down, it's done.
  Well, what a time.
  Now, wait a minute, you had,  you've been teasing something.
  Yeah, I've got a little coda here.
  Yeah.
  I've got a little coda, I don't know.
  Maybe it won't be so spectacular, but.
  So just cause we were talking about local Fox  and local LA TV, I was like,  King Koopa is a local kids show host,  a local specific kids show host.
  And there's a grand tradition of people  who would host shows.
  Forget that I'm looking through this.
  And these are just some of the greatest names.
  And I don't know much about them,  but just going through lists of like local LA people,  there is Beachcomber Bill.
  That was one of, like, these were all very similar shows,  I think, to what King Koopa would do  and what Bozo would do.
  Engineer Bill was like a kindly, kind of like old man  who would host a show.
  There was Sheriff John.
  There was Mr.
 Wishbone who had a puppet.
  There was the Pancake Man, which is a pancake man,  which is described as a rotund short order chef  who plugged IHOP because IHOP sponsored the show.
  And then this, the guy who played the pancake man  would play Otis the town drunk on Andy Griffith,  go on to play this character.
  So the pancake man is ancient.
  This is on TV.
  Yeah, these are old.
  All of this stuff is ancient,  which makes it so much better for me.
  There was a show called Mr.
 Do Good's Castle.
  He's just a mister, but he has a castle?  Yeah, I guess so.
  That's not royalty.
  Commander Riptide and the Great Zolar.
  Beachcomber Bill, here's one of my favorite ones,  the Rainbow Patch and the Kid-A-Littles.
  And these were all very LA specific shows.
  And you can't find-  This is all Los Angeles.
  Yeah, and unless I'm, who knows,  a couple of other ones could have slipped in here,  but I think Chuck Jones, the Magic Man,  these were all like, and they're not very well documented.
  But of course, a guy we've talked about on the show  also falls into the category of LA kids show hosts.
  Oh, I know where you're going.
  Oh, yes.
  And of course I'm talking about Chuck-O-The-Clown.
  Yeah, that's what he is.
  That's what he's from.
  He's an LA specific, he was a regional host,  and I have to apologize to the audience  because I think last time we talked about Chuck-O,  I said Chuck-O was Randy Runyon.
  That was the real name of Chuck-O.
  And I'm only half right.
  Because Chuck-O was played by two people,  Charles Runyon, the original Chuck-O,  and then his son-  And Ken Gardner, my father?  Oh, God.
  And then his son.
  His son, Randy Runyon, who originally was Jeepers the Clown.
  And then when his father passed away,  he took the mantle of Chuck-O.
  Randy, I think it was a very, did not have an easy life.
  And if you read his obituary,  he was homeless periodically and alcoholic,  but he was Chuck-O officially.
  You can't take that away from him.
  So you cannot take that away from him.
  But with the funny thing, and again,  I don't know how, hopefully this photo exists.
  So I'm talking to Justin just before this.
  And I'm talking about the Koopa thing.
  And he's just giving me kind of like,  he says I don't remember too much about it.
  And I go, you know,  I'm looking through all these old hosts.
  I go, cause his parents were,  his parents lived here in the old days,  and especially his mom did.
  And I go, do you have like,  your parents remember anything about  Randy or Charles Runyon from Chuck-O the Clown?  And he goes, you know, my mom, Mike,  cause his mom, like, he's like,  my mom used to go up and watch the Batman show  be taped up like when they would be by the Batcave.
  Cause she was just out here.
  I think she worked at Capitol Records.
  So he goes, so I pull up here in front of the house  and he goes, yeah, yeah, so I'll ask her.
  He goes, oh, he goes,  oh, my mom is calling right now.
  He goes, hold on one second.
  He puts me on three with his mother,  who I've never met.
  Whoa.
  He goes, hey, mom, here, I'm on with Mike.
  He goes, he wants to know,  do you know anything about Chuck-O the Clown?  And she goes, what?  She's like a little confused cause  she's getting hit with whatever.
  Who knows what she's calling about.
  And she goes, Chuck-O the Clown.
  She goes, I was on the show, Chuck-O the Clown.
  What?  She goes, I won a prize from Chuck-O the Clown.
  Whoa, what?  She goes, yeah.
  She goes, the reason I know is cause I have a photo of it.
  Ah.
  She goes, yeah, Chuck-O was out.
  Yeah, we all watch Chuck-O.
  And I was like, oh my God.
  And she's okay?  She's, you know, ongoing,  Spectres in the Mirror when she.
  I'm like, whoa, really?  So I got so excited right before I came in here  cause she was like, oh yeah, Chuck-O, I remember Chuck-O.
  Yeah, he was around.
  And she goes, no, the other characters like Hobo Kelly.
  And I go, yeah, Hobo Kelly, I read about her.
  She was like, yeah, she was big.
  And I go, yeah, Hobo Kelly.
  She was big.
  So I just want.
  Hobo Kelly was huge.
  So I just want to think of King Koopa being in this,  this lineup of LA specific people that I am fascinated with.
  And yes, our beloved Chuck-O, both versions fall into this.
  Yes, our beloved Chuck-O.
  Our beloved Chuck-O,  one of the favorite podcast ride references.
  Now, Mike, I don't know if you've given this any thought,  but have you thought about, you know, maybe a story,  maybe you probably can't get the rights  to all these beloved characters.
  Maybe a story where a bunch of LA children's hosts team up  to solve the murder of one of their own.
  Well, you know what's funny is there are a lot of photos  of all the old hosts, including Chuck-O together.
  Like an LA kids host Avengers.
  It's a scene.
  Yeah, so I did have the thought  of the LA kids host Avengers.
  Drinking from a trough of whiskey.
  Well, whiskey, they went to a literal.
  It's quantity, not quality.
  Yes, I also, yes.
  So I did actually have a thought like that.
  I also found some guy calling himself Chuck-O,  who in 2018 got into some sort of clown award,  like some sort of clown hall of fame,  but he's not related to the Runyans.
  I was quite upset with it.
  But.
  He wants, he's trying to be Chuck-O?  He's calling, yeah, he's calling himself Chuck-O.
  I resist as much as I can.
  And I feel like maybe whoever owns the Chuck-O copyright  isn't being so litigious right now.
  So maybe if we want to call ourselves Chuck-O.
  I'm getting worried that they'll,  they're gonna get tipped off to it  and that the litigiousness will start again.
  And I think just to play it safe,  we shouldn't talk about Chuck-O ever again on the show.
  You're concerned you're gonna be washing dishes one day  and just gonna hear quietly and slowly  all around the mulberry bush, the monkey chase.
  Or that America song that I found,  which you played like two years ago.
  Remember that?  Yeah, right, yes.
  Chuck-O's like Chuck-O's USA song.
  Hello, Scott.
  I use Justin Donaldson's mom as a host.
  All I needed was somebody who knew somebody who knows you.
  Yeah, no, he pops up when we least suspect it.
  And.
  And he's looking for a host.
  A different kind of host.
  You know what I also read,  and I know we've been recording for three hours  at this point, but Randy Runyon also was very upset  with the movie It because he said that It set back  children's birthday clowns many years.
  It ruined the children's birthday clown industry.
  And he was upset when the first It came out.
  So this is like sideways in Merlot.
  The film has a huge impact on an industry.
  Yes.
  So.
  It was a booming business before It,  and then kids no longer wanted a birthday clown.
  Geez.
  I went the other way.
  I was, ever since Chuck-O came up on the show,  I've been guzzling Merlot.
  Try to forget.
  Yeah, I get it, but he's not here, don't worry.
  It's just a funny little anecdote.
  Okay, well, I'm on lookout anyway,  but I guess I should say while it's true,  you survived podcasts, the ride.
  I survived, I guess the ride, the second gate,  which we thank you for subscribing to.
  If you wanna dig even deeper, join us on Club Three,  where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free.
  And just full disclosure, those episodes,  just like these, are not live in front of an audience  of disorganized children.
  Typically, we are not many shots deep as we record,  not anxious to get into fist fights  and spend with painted green fists.
  But if any of that doesn't deter you,  then I would still say subscribe to Club Three.
  I would agree with that, yeah.
  So.
  Get outta here.
  I know where you live.
  I know your email address if you sign up for this.
  Patreon truth.
