 Club Three.
  All right, Metalo, a little misspronounce, a little glurgled Club Three start.
  Maybe they have to be more polished.
  You could have hit record again, you could have restarted.
  No, I'm just going with it.
  You know, because we don't do these the standard way.
  We don't even say our names other than just establish we're all here, but we've all done that.
  A lot of business to get through, I would say.
  So let's dive right in.
  Today's topic, Disney Adventures Magazine, the runner up in the poll and the returning fighter next month will be Disneyland smoking areas.
  Really like it.
  Very proud to announce that.
  Excellent idea.
  But you know what? I misspoke.
  I said next month, and that's not actually true because we're going to do something a little different for the next poll.
  I've been thinking for a little while now.
  We are coming up on the tenth Club Three poll, if you can believe that.
  Wow.
  Really?  Yeah, isn't that weird?  Yeah, it is.
  Yeah, it doesn't feel good.
  Well, time flies when you're having fun and you're getting fun topics.
  I have loved everything.
  Everything that's won has been great.
  I think they've all gone over well, except for that certain people called Port of Entry a debacle because people.
.
.
  Jason, do you want to address your feelings about the Port of Entry episode?  I think I was pretty happy.
  I got out everything I wanted to say.
  I found some very cool articles.
  I found like, you know, touring plans and Orlando Informer of like, wow, I didn't know that about Port of Entry.
  And then it's just a place.
  I really like the vibes.
  I love the music and confit school grill.
  We did the episode already.
  So I said my piece.
  I said my piece.
  But I didn't have the discovery until it happened in real time that.
.
.
  People thought you were under duress.
  No, I had not patronized like half of these stores.
  Oh, that part of it.
  No, I'm just saying there was a feeling with some of the audience that you were being held captive basically by two torturers.
  Mike and I.
 And I just whatever you want to say, if you want to say that is how you felt or if you want to say that you had a fine time doing the episode.
  Hey, look at me.
  Say whatever you want.
  But say whatever you want.
  Say what you fucking feel.
  I think my thesis of like, look, I think it's a really fun way and it's a fun way to enter the park.
  It's still some of the most lingering mistreat you.
  Tell them I didn't mistreat.
  He wasn't mad.
  He wasn't mad.
  He's furious now.
  No, I think it's fun.
  I think it's some of the remnants of the very early days of the park.
  We're posting.
  We're just doing the episode.
  Yeah, I think it's fun.
  Now I am going to mistreat you.
  I should ignore.
  We are post new logos.
  You know, we're post unveiling of the new logos.
  I didn't think it was that terrible.
  Like, I mean.
.
.
  I didn't know.
  I didn't know if you would just be upset because it changed at all.
  Well, here's the thing.
  I don't think they're going to spend the money to take that sign down.
  That's a very good point.
  I would be shocked.
  I mean, I'd be nice if they did.
  It's survived a lot of hurricanes.
  Probably needs to be repaired.
  But yeah, no, I didn't think it was.
.
.
  I thought of Logan.
  I had been thinking about that too doing the episode.
  I was like, man, this is the same load.
  It's been 20 plus years.
  I think it's another.
.
.
  It's a PTR curse that you talked about.
  Oh, that's true.
  And now it's changing.
  It keeps happening.
  Yeah.
  But anyway, I got off the track.
  What I was going to say is I think all the topics have been great and all the suggestions have been great.
  But I've started to see as we call for new ones, people have been asking what happens to topics that don't make it.
  Is there any system to try to catch these and give them a second chance?  And now there is.
  We are going to turn back the clock and give another chance to the topics that didn't make it.
  And we are going to give another chance in next month's theme, which is.
.
.
  Good boys of the galaxy topic rewind.
  Oh, wow.
  All right.
  Get into it.
  So, guys, I emailed this to you.
  You should get it in front of you right now.
  What you have is a document that is a list of every topic that made it to a Club 3 poll but did not then turn into an episode.
  We're going to go around the room twice.
  Oh, wow.
  We are each going to pick two episodes that we are two topics that we want to get back in the poll.
  And this will lead to a six-way brawl for domination of the month of April.
  We'll see what comes back.
  And a little idea I had to spice it up also, because that's cool if one of the topics, you know, that deserve to get it, does get a chance to win.
  But I think it might put a little heat on the other end if we say that whatever comes in sixth now being a two-time loser has to go into PTR jail and cannot be discussed for one year's time.
  I don't think that's harsh enough.
  I think it should be a couple more.
  I was going to say forever, but should we say forever?  I think forever is yes.
  Mike votes for upping the charges.
  Jason, how do you feel?  Is that going to wait our two choices of like, well, I'm not going to I'm not going to banish.
  I think you have to send your prized fighter in knowing that they might get the shit kicked out.
  Right.
  But it could also take it all the way.
  I don't know.
  And I think it's interesting for the voter.
  If you look at the results and something is already way ahead as number one, maybe you use your vote in a different way to try to save the bottom.
  There's another one down.
  Oh, OK.
 I'm sorry.
  I misunderstood.
  The voters are the ones who could potentially send a topic to hell.
  I get it.
  We're throwing it out there.
  But then, yeah, we will be because we're going to say six topics and then the audience will still vote like a usual Club 3 poll.
  But but it's a way to your vote because you are you're you're sending one up to victory, but also potentially sending one to hell.
  Yeah.
  And if somebody has one ready to go, I was going to suggest that Mike go first because your choices for the last three months in a row have come in last.
  So if you would like to.
  So I'm not going to pick anything I like here because I don't want to get rid of like, for instance, that Don Nott's at WikiWaki Springs promoting Mr.
  Limpett.
  I'm not going to pick it because I want it to live on.
  I don't like this.
  Well, we have to be strategic.
  Now, this is what Jason was concerned about.
  This is what I'm saying.
  Now we end up maybe we got to do only one year because I don't want because maybe don't you want that one to potentially.
  I think one year is fair.
  I think one year is fair because.
  I like forever.
  Inevitably.
  You're just going to pick bad topics?  No, I didn't say that.
  OK.
  Maybe there's one that I think's on the bubble that I won't pick.
  Maybe I'm going to only pick heavy hitters because I want to see them get into the top one or two or three.
  Yeah, OK.
  I'm not going to completely throw the fight here, but for instance, something like Don Nott's I'm worried about.
  I maybe won't choose it because I might run up the back.
  Right.
  That's interesting.
  OK.
  I guess I guess you're right.
  Well, I did not think about the psychological implications of the sending to hell system.
  Do you have something you wanted or do you see to Jason?  I see to Jason.
  OK, Jason, your first pick.
  OK, I'm going to go for a little left field one, but it's a thing I am interested in, but I have not really, really deep dive on it.
  And I don't even know how much you can.
  So I'm going to pick first out the gate the Google Assistant dark ride from CES 2019.
  Wow.
  Google Assistant dark ride.
  I think it's a I think it's an interesting time for tech companies.
  They're all laying people off, seemingly for no reason, because they're, I don't know, grifters and liars and what have you.
  So you're on blast tech giants who subscribe to Club 3.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I but I think this this definitely feels like a time of plenty of like the go go 2019 year.
  Where they're building a dark ride for their CES presentation.
  Everything was fine in tech.
  Everything was fine.
  Everything was great.
  Roaring 2019.
  Wow.
  Do you want to take a mic or do I?  I will choose.
  God, I don't want to.
  I'm so worried.
  I'll choose the conversations with Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I would like to see that get an error.
  That was that was on my shortlist potentially, too.
  I believe he has a book on that, too.
  I think I saw there.
  There's a book and maybe an audio book on that.
  OK, well, then much to discuss is CNBC show and among other things, I am very excited to give the rewind nod to Universal Studios Theme Park Adventures, the GameCube game from 2001.
  If I haven't made this sell already or if you don't know, this is a game where you wander around a mostly empty Universal Studios Japan.
  And before you can get on any rides, you have to pick up a bunch of trash.
  So if that doesn't sell you, that doesn't keep it out of hell.
  I don't know how else to do, but I'm very excited.
  That's going to get another go back to you, Jason.
  OK, this is this is another thing that I really would like a chance to dig into the topic more.
  And it's it's got one of our main are all all star guys in it.
  I'm going to go with the Muppets 2015 episode where Fozzie meets Jay Leno.
  Oh, yeah, that's that's a great choice.
  Oh, I don't remember offhand what the other details of the episode where it was fully fleshed out.
  You can only there's only so many letters, characters you can put in the poll.
 But I yeah, I I'll see if I can find it fast.
  Well, Mike makes this bit, but it seems like a good story.
  Yeah, Leno meets them up.
 It sounds like fun.
  Now, here's my thinking.
 I can pick something that I think is maybe going to get fourth place fifth place if I'm lucky.
  I could also choose something I never want to talk about that I'm confident will be number six that I can banish to the underworld forever.
  Well, I think you're challenging.
 I am challenging that.
  I think so.
 I think now we end up with maybe people do it at you know, if they do it out of spite, they have their gluttons for punishment because I'm going to choose escape from tomorrow.
  No.
 Oh, thank God.
 Thank God you're saying that and not Don Nott's just give Don Nott's.
 I've chosen my choice.
  Oh, my God.
 What I choose is my choice from the Smash Mokun song.
  Okay.
 Oh, fair enough.
 Oh, no.
 Well, that is don't want to talk about that.
  Okay.
 I hate it.
 But you know, we might get votes in that direction, but that is one of the ones that in the comments, people were saying, does can this get another go?  And now it is.
 And with me having the last choice, there's only one possible way to go with it, which is bar rescue.
  John Taff right deep dive the taffer.
 So, so the choices, unless guys scan the list really quick, if we could all agree on a number seven to make this a seven way, if there's one that we think has got to be in there.
  Well, I mean, I think like one of the pure most pure ones that everyone will love that is on there is uncle O'grimace.
  Uh huh.
 That would be I don't know if there was a universal I was expecting cheering rapturous applause and didn't really get it.
 So that's fine.
 That's fine.
  Well, what I mean is there potentially an uncle O'grimace use either for St.
 Patrick's or some greater McDonald's McDonald's year.
  Probably the full year where we cover McDonald's probably get a full year.
 We can send uncle O'grimace to a domain feed St.
 Patty's days coming up.
  Well, maybe they might be passed for the time you're hearing this.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Okay.
 So in the poll will be bar rescue John taffer deep dive conversations with Michael Eisner on CNBC escape from tomorrow.
 2013 that by the way, if you don't know, that's the movie that was secretly filmed in the Disney parks.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was billed as like the most subversive film.
 Yeah.
 And then you saw it.
  You had a different review.
 Don't forget also filming important filming location.
 The worst green screen mankind ever created.
  Yeah.
 Well, when that part kicks in, you're like, I didn't really make good in the promise.
 Did you?  Disney was worried for a second and then they saw it.
 They're like, whatever.
  Whatever.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Lions don't care about the thoughts of the sheep.
 You know.
 Okay.
 It's here from our Google Assistant dark ride Muppets Fozzie meets Jay Leno and Universal Studios picking up trash adventure for GameCube.
  So the first six way poll make your posts.
 Wow.
 Your choices wisely.
 Join the conversation.
  Get involved.
 Okay.
 Great.
 Excited for that.
 And of course, Disneyland smoking areas will return after all that is done.
  But now we take it to Disney Adventures magazine as suggested by Becca Gilgen.
 I googled the magazine and the cover showed everything from the Backstreet Boys to the mask animated show, which the guys were just talking about.
  And absolutely.
 I mean, great covers, great magazine.
 I absolutely subscribed to this magazine was delighted to see it in the poll.
 How do you guys feel about Disney Adventures?  I just the warmest memory is the most fond memories looking up these covers.
 And first I did.
 I looked up some of the articles and comic strips and ads.
 I certainly did.
 But the covers, you can't beat them.
  It's mainly covers.
 I would say these are, I mean, we as with Jay Leno meeting Fozzie Bear, that could have been one of them should have been one of them when he took over tonight.
  How did that happen? When that happened, it was just busy.
 I got busy with the affiliates.
 So busy with the affiliates.
  Busy with the affiliates.
 Him with like him with the genie stretching out his chin to look like Jay.
 Oh my God.
 That would have been great.
 That would have been great.
 Disney Adventure.
 Unbelievable.
 So excited about it.
 Yes.
 Every month.
 Every month.
 So excited that I've got all my old Disney Adventures on me right now.
  I had a pile and I forgot to bring them and I feel like a fool.
 I was assuming you'd have a pile.
 I did.
 I mean, I found snippets from it so I can talk about those.
 I don't have the impressive pile that you have.
 I've saved.
 This is a lot.
 I had a lot of magazines growing up and I've tried to go through and save like select ones because there was just too many.
 I still have too many.
 But these are the ones I found in storage.
  It's hard with collector's brain where it's like, well, I'm saving all the, I'm not throwing out any of the comics and magazines are kind of close.
 They're periodical, you know, like, yeah.
 But I think at one point when my mom was moving, she's like, do we need all these Disney Adventures? And I can't remember if I picked out some and threw them in a box or if I just said throw them in the garbage.
  This took me a while to find them too because I have all the stuff now in the garage and whatever.
 But I have a few selects from a lot of different magazines.
 I mean, I may even have a stuff magazine here somewhere.
 I may have stuff.
 Stuff was like Maxim.
 And I know he was going to say it's contradictory, but this is what I purchased.
 I was after older than 18, I think, when I was reading stuff.
  Who was on this cover of this stuff?  I think I might have had like a Pamela Anderson stuff magazine, which is I think what the picture I was scared to look at when I was 13 or 12 or whatever.
  That was discussed.
 If you look up stuff magazine Pamela Anderson, I think that's what it was.
 I also read Blender periodically, which had a sexy lady often on the cover, but I was very into music.
 So that's why I was reading it.
  Again, after I was older than 18.
 So don't worry.
 Sure.
 Nothing on to untoward was happening, but I have a collection of all the wizard magazines I have.
  Don't worry.
 He had wizard stuff.
 Toy Fair magazine.
 I was never a Toy Fair guy.
 I liked the Twisted Toy Fair theater that was kind of like an early, early robot chicken.
 Yeah.
 But also you had a lot more of the like one off wizard special issues in the way that like life or just magazines as a store would be like.
  Bruce Springsteen.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, no, I was big.
 We were says magazine family.
 I have some entertainment weekly still.
 And yeah, for a while I would get these every month.
 But yeah, I have I have my selects here and they're in okay shape.
  Yeah.
 Well, is one of it.
 I like shout out some surprised ones and look, I've got it.
 I've got the big one.
 Yeah.
 Hammer and Darkwing Duck and early one.
 This is the first one I think I ever owned.
 That was one of my first 1990 January 1992.
  That is over 30 years old at this point.
 And I remember I think I got this from our local comic store from Dreamland Comics.
 And I remember just being like, this is maybe the greatest image I've ever seen.
 Like I was such an exciting picture.
 They're both kind of leaning both making arms out like what are you going to do about it? Yes.
 We're just cool.
  They were two cool guys.
 They were the two coolest guys in America at the time.
 Big, big blazers.
 A lot of breasts on those jackets.
 There was like a wide.
 I don't really think of Darkwing Duck is like a cool cartoon, but it certainly had the coolest theme song of a Disney afternoon show up to that point.
  In the sense that it's like a little bit groovy.
 I take offense on behalf of Chippendale rescue ranger.
 I'm not saying it's a better song.
 I'm not saying it's a better song.
 I'm saying there's a little more like vibe to it.
 There's a little more like, like you can kind of dance to it.
 Those other songs are good.
 And I'm not even saying I like one better than the other.
 I told you I almost got kicked out of my dorm for dancing to the DuckTales theme.
 Well, you said you were stomping around like Godzilla.
 I was stomping around.
 Yeah, but that's a duck.
  Yeah, but that's a dance.
 It is a dance, but stopping.
 That's actually a perfect illustration.
 My point DuckTales a perfect song to kind of stop around to.
 You don't have to be so much rhythm to it.
 But Darkwing Duck's theme song is definitely like a little bit more of a dance song.
 And it has more of sort of 90s like dance song hallmarks.
 I feel like this is our R&B song.
 But I don't think it requires a more elevated type of dancing.
  Well, it doesn't require that.
 I'm just explaining this is maybe what their thought process is.
 Darkwing Duck, even though he was kind of like Inspector Gadget, they thought of him as like a cooler character.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
 I guess Goof Troop kind of has like a more modern pop theme song too.
  I don't think that one has the same pull.
 But it's not as good as Darkwing Duck's theme song.
  I don't know.
 This is just a taste issue.
 I sincerely.
 I'm not saying it's better.
 Yeah, yeah, sure.
 I think Gummy Bear's theme is awesome.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That not now not so dancey.
 No, not so dancey.
 It's a soaring song.
 Yeah, that's an emotional.
 Yeah, it is kind of emotional honestly.
 And I didn't even like that show.
 I didn't really watch that show much.
  Mike, what is the cover date on that? January 1992.
 Okay.
 Well, you know, a big part of the Disney Adventures cover is where like cartoon character and live person and icons, iconic cartoons and icon of the year.
 I think the big thing for me as a kid too, just the cover design made it seem like a grown up magazine.
  And I felt like a little more mature, especially because inside was like general interest.
 I like it was culture stuff and like oddly enough stories and music and movies, but then sports.
 And then here we followed, you know, like a guy climbs cliffs and here's about archaeology.
  And yeah, they cover.
 It was a very good, well rounded magazine and a lot of comics.
 A lot of the comics.
 But the and not just Disney, it covered a lot of pop culture, other TV networks and movie studios.
 It's not like the kind of like wall garden thing that like Disney has now.
  Like here's here's a dark wing duck making multiple appearances.
 Here he is with the mask.
 And of course I had that they're both tipping their big hats.
 That makes sense.
 Good pair.
 But then the above the logo, East Ventura puts on the mask.
  So double Jim Carrey on this cover.
 Well, that's you got to.
 Yeah, you're you're absolutely right.
 This was something Aaron pointed out as we were looking at old issues is can you imagine today something with the word Disney on it that so voraciously plugs the work of other studios?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Networks.
 It's insane.
 There was I saw something that was like a they would often you know this magazine kind of was my guide for what's cool and what's not.
 Well, we're going to talk about that.
 That's maybe my favorite thing.
 Yeah, yeah, this funny.
 This is great.
  But you know, like here this this there was a regular ins and outs segment and the in the here the in and out in for clothes Warner Brothers clothes out Barney clothes.
 I mean, that's great.
 And you're like, yeah, that's a rep is Barney so lame.
  But I'd like to blow him.
 I want to hurt Barney.
 But it says Disney on the cover and then Warner Brothers clothes are in the other universe.
 Michael Eisner.
 I probably didn't have eyes on this at the time or else I bet he would have maybe said like, oh, yeah, you might not have had eyes on every page.
  I think he was you know what it is actually considered like a major stepping stone in the career of an executive named Michael Linton who started Disney publishing.
 He was considered like a young go getter because Eisner kind of wanted you know, newer hungrier people.
  Right, you know, instead of like, you know, Walt's relatives hanging around.
 So this guy started Disney publishing up entirely and this is one of his first major victories because he grew up in Europe, I think in Holland, and he had the magazine Topolino.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, an Italian Mickey Mouse magazine and had a lot of Mickey comics.
 Yeah, in it.
 So this is a lot of his earlier exposure to the characters and he said, Why is there no such thing as this in America, we should do it.
 He starts it up a big hit out of the gates started this entire magazine arm of Disney that there wasn't before.
  And that guy went on to become the CEO of Sony Entertainment.
 And today he is the chairman of both the Warner Music Group and snap, meaning Snapchat.
 Yeah, both of those things at the same time.
 He's one of the most successful executives ever.
  Wow, it started with Disney Adventures.
 Topolino.
 This is just like a big gap in my knowledge thing but like worldwide, there was a whole chunk of Disney, I think most Americans that like, oh yeah, Mickey Mouse comics are huge the DuckTale like the comics that inspired DuckTales  Carl Bark stuff of fan graphics puts out very nice collections of them.
 He like Tintin level huge those were the big adventure comics, the Duck comics and Tintin.
  Yeah, real quick, I just want to periodically through this episode, read and ins and outs that are in these because these are my favorite things in all these magazines so this one is from the X-Men are on the cover it's February 1995 so a few years after that, the Darkwing T-Rex.
  The Darkwing Duck.
  This is hot the music hot and not hot smashing pumpkins, Mr.
 Jones by counting crows ace of base, not Reba McIntyre guns and roses clothes hot Doc Martens shack shoes bell button bell bottoms, not dorky flowery stuff all dresses except baby doll dresses.
  What's what he's all dresses are not hot, except for baby doll dresses very totalitarian yes point of view, can I just say, I'm looking at a hotter not right now.
  I don't know what the year difference on this but I'm seeing.
  Wait wait where to go I'm seeing hot music country, and I'm seeing not hot clothes bell bottoms what's going on.
 Well I guess this is how rapidly culture changes.
 Yeah, is that they're one month or hot one month or not.
  Like for instance did you know this month Mrs doubt fire lightning jack and home alone to are hot and not Jurassic Park, not hot dress park in 1995 February, not hot anymore.
  Oh, yeah, sorry in favor of lightning jack that's right and home alone to now in 95.
  I'm sorry, what is lightning jack I don't know.
 I don't know.
  Okay, this is a good time to talk about the reaction of, I don't know.
 I found a page of.
  It's called new kids on the block and it's about bands the hottest new meet the faces behind the brand new sound hitting the airwaves.
  I until I read the descriptions with them, I had a lot of who.
 And these are equations.
 Okay.
  So, I'm going to give you the best one first partridge family divided by Hanson equals Katie Cassidy.
  Katie Cassidy is this a nepo.
 Yeah, we got a nepo baby.
 Katie's father David led the partridge family to fame with hit records and TV show in the 1970s.
 Wow.
  There, there's a lot of stuff for you go what is this, when you're looking through these.
  And that yeah that's one of them, like, all of a sudden I'm looking through this and there's a picture of like a little boy robot, who looks like he's like hooked up to oxygen.
  Is that from 97 lost in space.
 No, it's not.
 Joey eight plays Ulysses on Earth to the sci fi show about living on a new planet 200 years from now.
  I don't know what that is.
 I kind of faintly remember to Earth to got a cover there there.
  Two was on the cover at some point.
 Oh, was it a car with a character.
 It was the whole game.
 Wow.
 Earth to you.
 I don't know if it was with a Disney.
  They were hired this practice by the way, in a very cruel move they stopped doing the celebrity and the character photo so we're going to I think focus on everything before that probably was there more of these equations.
  Okay, I gotta go this this one.
 Jane data remember this group, so it, it's the new group Dixie chicks plus me anymore equals both sisters.
 Do you remember the both sisters.
 No, no.
 Okay.
 The both sisters.
  An insane number of soundtracks.
 Ellen Shannon home on the range.
 Disney Girls Rock.
 The Lizzie McGuire movie dance mania they appeared on the soundtrack of because of when Dixie and also how to lose a guy in 10 days.
  So this is like they're trying to push it via this is like that artists there's like the pop star in 2002 Country Bears who nobody.
 Right.
 Right.
 And the only credit is another movie.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 This is one path like it well if Hollywood says they're real and they must be.
  Yeah, and reading about them it's like, oh, they were going to have a Sony record contract and then they decided one of them decided to go to college.
  Super stardom or college.
 Yeah, they put out a few more on their own label.
 I mean this is they beat Napster I think they, they made the right choice.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Lightning Jack, by the way, is a 94 Western turn of Paul Hogan.
  As well as written by him as well and also starring Cuba Gooding Jr and Beverly D.
 Angela.
 Wow.
 So again, so if you were, I think we can well, you know, a lot of people listening were were kids in 95 you probably remember how by 95.
  You did not want to see a dinosaur again you like you you vomit at this site.
 T Rex mere months after you saw it like Jack shirts, please.
  Lightning Jack Lunchables.
 Look, people were yeah people saw Jurassic Park but they did they had had enough with Disney Adventures after this cover of Hulk Hogan and the dinosaur.
  This is one of the greats I don't have a hard copy of that either.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well it's Hulk Hogan.
  Putting a he's got a dinosaur in a headlock.
 Yeah, is in a headlock no bandana very bald.
 No bandana.
 This is a missed opportunity in the cinematic works of Hulk Hogan to like show the events leading up to that situation.
  Yeah, an entire movie of Hulk wrestling dinosaurs that look like that that are as cartoony as the one you just show.
  Yeah, it's I'm trying to remember.
 I don't that's before I liked wrestling so that wasn't even on my radar, sadly, but the Hulk versus brontosaurus brontosaurus but but I would have come out before this when dinosaurs were out and they were not hot anymore.
  So that would make sense.
 This is there's so much x-men in this I remember going nuts.
 Oh, yeah, this is before Disney owned Marvel.
 What year is that 95.
  Okay.
 They've also got Disney adventures fourth annual music awards here in this issue.
 I found some I was looking at the third which are famous favorite female singers Janet Jackson favorite male singer is Garth Brooks.
  Their favorite group is ace of base, and the coolest dressed award.
 Mr.
 Steven Tyler.
  So don't you feel justified why you have the taste of a bunch of children from 1995.
 That's correct from 28 years ago you know and if you turn the if you turn the page it says the hottest things in 1995.
  And there's Sheryl Crow, there's collective soul there's candle box and yeah candle box was hot Green Day.
  Once again, well if hey can 100 kids responding to a poll 28 years ago be wrong.
 That's right.
 You're telling me Green Day dookie era green he was popular.
  10 million selling so yeah yeah I started filling out the third annual music survey okay and did not send it in I what I probably found was that I did not have answers to enough of the questions.
  I just stopped trot like can I name a group there's no look the Beach Boys aren't going to make it so yeah I should probably just stop filling it up but I did check my favorite type of music oldies favorite male singer Michael Jackson favorite female singer Shanice.
  I did place and I stand by this.
 I like Shanice I like I love your smile, very much.
 Great performance in front of the Matterhorn in the early 90s Disney special.
 Right.
 We all come across the Michael Jackson cover.
  I have to.
 Michael Jackson with Pinocchio on his shoulder.
 Yeah, yeah, I had that but I think for some reason I didn't hold on to that one.
 I don't think I want to hold on to it as a digital copy on my laptop.
  Yeah, I took the risk.
 Here's a more wholesome one to balance it out though because this this was I remember getting a couple of these here and there when I if I went to the grocery store with my mom because they had giant magazine sections and it was Disney so it was wholesome and trustworthy.
  And then at some point I think she sent away either got someone was selling magazines and I got a subscription and we had a subscription for years, I think I was in high school, my brother was younger than me.
  So we just kept it going for a while but there was a time where I was getting like X-Men subscription Disney adventure subscription.
 And then we sent away a form on the back of Lunchables and I had a Spider-Man subscription to for a while.
  Anyway, this is one that stuck in my mind as an early when I had which is Jafar in Beethoven the dog.
 Oh yeah, I have.
  Not your dog germs.
 Here it is.
  There it is right there.
 Do not lick me.
  We have to just we have to describe these scenarios because it's a two of them together but the little scenes that are invented right really what are wonderful.
 By the way, I also have the Michael Jackson one in front of me and they're the like the article, whatever the headline for this one.
  25 things you probably didn't know about Michael Jackson in 1993.
 I actually think a lot of people did know most of them.
  Great singer.
 Okay, you know look I'm the one who voted for him.
  But you know but I didn't send it in so I have nothing to take back right yeah you're not part of it.
 You know, I know we're all over the place here, real quick what I'll say is I'm looking through is I'm looking through all of these.
  I haven't looked at these in a long time.
 And, oh my god I forgot about this oh my god I forgot about this.
 And then I will feel my brain turn off when there's an article it's vaguely educational.
 Oh yeah, I like, there's something about the pyramids or something  about exploring Antarctica, I, my brain, I can feel it shut down I can feel there's no nostalgia because I didn't even bother to read this because I was such a little idiot.
  I subscribed to this for I believe four years.
 I don't think I ever read one article of that nature.
 I basically used this as a children's entertainment weekly.
 I want to know what movies and music are coming out.
  Maybe I have some vague sense of what might be considered cool I will probably still get it wrong.
  But, you know that section of the magazine is pretty much over within.
 Yeah, the first 10 pages so the rest of it just ballast.
 I didn't even, I didn't read, I don't think I don't think I read 6% of the Disney Adventures magazines that I claim to be fond of.
  Yeah, no it's it's really wild to look at it and I go some of these might be actually interesting.
 There's like a six or seven page article just about pirates and stuff.
 Zero interest, not about the ride who cares.
 Moving on what else is there, oh video game ad for Super Nintendo.
  I'm staring at this for a few minutes.
 It was a video game for system I did not have that had my interest because I'm like, I'm probably not going to play that.
  Wild Runner, Wildy Coyote, Desert Demolition for Sega Genesis.
 Holy shit I didn't have Sega.
 This must have been a dream to play.
 I never did.
 Mike, only because this came up.
  Worst new costume in this January 1994.
 Worst new costume, the invisible woman in Fantastic Four.
 That's what I was just talking about.
 Yeah.
 I made that joke about her racy new costume.
 Yeah.
  In this episode? No no, a couple days ago when we were recording.
 Yeah.
 But I said I threw away the issue because you could see her navel.
 Oh this was a navel.
 That was an Annette reference.
  But staying in the world of comic books under the Hall of Lame, the biggest book bummer, the death of Superman.
 The whole, the entire Doomsday story lining one book.
 It's okay now though, Supes back.
 Because he didn't stay dead for very long.
  No.
 So yes, Scott back to your thing with the scenarios.
 It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Let's clear out, let's talk covers for a little bit.
 We want to make sure we get to all of these and then we'll see what else we can fit in.
 But yes, please.
  So yeah, I'm holding here Wayne and Garth with Cruella DeVille and Ursula sort of like talking to, like what do you think is happening on this cover? It looks like Cruella is like trying to get Garth's attention and then Ursula might just be sort of entertained by them.
  She looks like she's mid clap.
  Sure.
 This one is, I would say is less well tied together than others.
 I don't think there was a custom photo shoot done with Mike and Dana.
 It doesn't seem like it.
 Does it feel that way to me? I don't know if I can tell the intention there.
 But there are, is it like, I don't know, are they babes? Are they, are they swinging?  That's kind of what I get the sense of.
 Cruella and Ursula generally not like fangirling a lot because they have such, such goals, such whatever evil plans.
 But no, they seem to be very taken with Wayne and Garth in this instance.
 And yeah, they just seem like they want to like be hanging out with them at the very least.
  If not, Ursula might be taking Wayne's voice.
 He sings or his guitar shredding abilities.
 She might have bad plans.
 They should have added like some effects to make it look like Wayne's voice was coming out into her hands.
  That's pretty easy.
 That's pretty visualized in Little Mermaid.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So if that is what it was, they dropped the ball.
 Music notes perhaps coming out of his guitar.
 Yeah.
  So maybe that's what it is.
 Maybe Ursula is stealing Wayne's singing voice and I guess voice in general.
 And Cruella is jerking off Garth under the part of the magazine we can see.
  Well, you know what, actually, it would, she'd have to be doing something to his butt is what I'm going to say.
 Like, because the way her hand in the front, you can see her hand in the front of him and then the hand behind you can't see.
  So maybe this is sort of what Kim Basinger was like that.
 She's filling the Kim Basinger role of Wayne's World 2.
 Yeah.
 People, yeah, there's oddly, either Garth's getting nothing or it's really scarily aggressive.
  Yeah.
 So when was Wayne's World 2 come out? Indeed.
 We've got to check one of these hot or not.
 Because this is July 92.
 Is that 93 maybe? So maybe this is before.
 So.
 No, this is Wayne's World 1 main.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 I also, by the way, oh, okay, sorry, keep going.
 No, I don't.
 I said all I had to say.
 Flip to the back because this is a wonderful, there's a lot of ads for Tiger Electronics throughout these, the little, the handheld, not Game Boy, but the free-standing cartridges with the worst graphics you've ever seen.
 Oh, yeah.
  But that at least make you feel like I have a tangible Beauty and the Beast or Little Mermaid or Batman Returns product in my hand.
 And I love this Beauty and the Beast one a lot because you don't really think about handheld video games and romance.
 Right.
  This beautiful pink cartridge has been laid out on a nice table between two candles and a rose.
 Yes.
 And it says bring home a Beauty of a game.
 This is the most elegant, very simple video game ever played.
 Yes.
 I got the Aladdin one.
 We had this, yes.
 Over here.
 Yeah, but that's not as romantic, that layout.
  You broke the mood, Jason.
 We're trying to start.
 Well, look, we're lost in romance.
 No, Aladdin and Jasmine, the running away together right on the printed corner.
 Yeah, that's more exciting.
 This is a romantic, slow romance.
  You imagine the tray being opened up.
 What's my defined delicacy I will eat this evening.
 Right.
 You're great.
 Oh, a Tiger Electronics game for me.
  Yeah, the big platter you're lifted up.
 Which Tiger Electronics game will it be? I don't know.
 Somewhere in my my screenshots.
 This is just listener.
 This will just be a barrage of free association, whatever we think of.
 But really excellent Tiger Electronics.
  I mean, mainly this magazine was great just to see, like, I just want a big picture of Danny DeVito Penguin, right? Like, now I have this.
 This came to me in the mail.
 I don't need an article.
 I don't need to learn anything.
  I just want to see this Batman Returns ad.
 A lot of great video games that I learned about from these old issues that I didn't know about previously.
 I don't remember Booger Man.
 Oh, yeah.
 Booger Man.
 I never played.
  I remember Booger Man.
 I don't think I ever played it.
 Little crew.
 Little bot.
 You voted for it for not due to its crudeness.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Put it in the crude file or in the not file.
 I don't really remember the caveman video game.
 Chuck Rock.
 Yes, I remember that.
 You remember Chuck Rock.
 I didn't play it though.
 Chuck Rocks.
 Your super NES.
 This is also this is the dying days of this is something because I've like grabbed a lot of old magazines.
  I've grabbed a lot of old magazines over the years, especially from the 80s.
 But this is the last vestiges vestiges in the early 90s of magazine ads having tons of copy.
 Oh, yeah.
 You don't ever see that now, but especially in the 80s.
 Here's the big point.
 We're making in a picture.
  And now here's seven paragraphs to further elucidate the point here.
 And in this you get just a long you get the whole story of Chuck Rock and mainly the detail you join Chuck Rock on his belly bashing, odor kicking rock tossing mission to rescue his wife Ophelia from arch rival Gary Gritter.
  It's about it's a very glitter, not very greater who I don't I don't know if we ever have any of I hope not.
 I have to take that with like, yeah, did he get a very good or got a cover with Peter Pan? Unfortunately.
  Oh, Kevin Spacey and Simba.
 No, I hope nobody kept that one.
 Robert Blake and Robin Hood.
  Oh, another one.
 I can't believe I don't remember this.
 And we just did all of this kind of Nintendo dumpster diving.
 We probably rejected this information because it is educational because there was the game Mario's Time Machine.
 That's what I was just referencing the other day on one of the episodes.
  You reference Mario's time.
 I think that's the one I was talking about because yeah, he goes to different historical.
 Yeah, it was a very brief mention on one of the episodes.
 I had Mario teaches typing.
  Oh, which was kind of reasonably satisfied.
 He teach you typing.
  I think it was half him and half like classes in school.
 I had a lot of computer typing classes in school, but I can still tell on a computer nowadays where I tapped out or the course ended because if I have to go to the number row or like the all the options on the numbers, I got to look.
 I can't do it blind.
 Yeah, I know.
  I have to look at that.
 Okay, that's not I think it depends what you're talking about.
 But like you mean like if it's a like an exclamation point or something or it's two, there's two options.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But depending on what keyboard it is, sometimes or ZQ X.
 Well, you're missing like a third of the  I know I got the important punctuation, but like 16 letters, I'm from lost.
 I can't pull where ampersand is, you know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Just I don't know where that is.
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
 Yeah, I've been taking a test in a long time.
 You don't have you don't ever have to renew your typing license.
  Was there anything else in this category? Oh, yes, of course.
 Kind of crazy ad copy here for hook the video game.
 Oh, yeah.
 Copy is cross your sword with the bloodiest pirate of them all.
  I have to cross my sword with cross swords with hook.
 Yeah, but look, I'm I'm fully I'm deep into being creeped out by Peter Pan.
 But now I am being now I need to cross a sword with hook.
 I didn't think hook was the one to be worried about here.
 I just a Disney product mentioning the concept of blood is a little shocking to me in this day and age.
  The bloodiest pirate of them all.
 I think there's a lot of easy probably that you know, you bring that up and I just happen to have stopped on this ad right here.
 This is 1992.
 Look at this sweet sweet tarts.
 It says lick this.
  This is a children's magazine is a picture of a sweet tart.
 It says lick this.
 Oh, it is.
 You're a little bit of a distance away from me, Mike.
 Yeah.
 And that is a tiny red.
 It's a little like, well, it's a little it looks a little pink where I'm sitting.
 It does look a little pink.
  It says lick this.
 Yes.
 You know, children's magazine.
 Yes.
 Now look, it went right over my head and I said, yes, mother, let's go out and get a roll of sweet tarts.
 This sounds delicious.
 But now I'm looking this as an adult is very responsible.
  Look at all this weird people were right.
 Those Republicans are right.
 They were.
 They just missed this years ago.
 30 years ago.
 They were on the campaign trail.
 I've got a more wholesome ad.
  I think God, if you are friend, the Taco Bell Chihuahua is here and he is saying tacos and animorphs pinch me.
 I must be dreaming.
  That is one of the finest.
  That is that was like a 90s thing of like, oh, hot, hot tub and chocolate.
 Oh, heaven.
 Like, you know, I was just I couldn't I dawned on me that it's like, oh, these are toys because they're they did make an animorphs TV show.
  And I was like, you know, toys based on a book series is pretty interesting.
 And then I'm like, oh, wait, there was a cheaply made Canadian TV shows with some of the worst morphing you've ever seen.
  I mean, I love it now.
 I love seeing it now.
 But Taco Bell and animorphs doesn't sound like a bad night to me.
 I must pinch me.
 I must be dreaming.
  Two more things from this at this Wayne Wayne's World issue.
 I found I open this comic in here and it's called Space Mickey and the Throg Ray Wars.
 And I don't think I gasped, but I kind of did because I went, oh, my God, I loved this.
  Oh, and I haven't thought about it forever.
 Like, it's got such fun, cool art.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Really like kind of hyper illustrated, not a style you see Mickey and Minnie in very often.
 Right.
 And it's like they get captured Mickey, Minnie, Pete and Goofy.
  And then they like end up in like a Star Wars like space fight.
 And I just remember going, oh, this is like the ultimate version.
 Like they're in like a Bucky O'Hare style, like ships firing lasers.
 And I remember going, oh, my God, this amazing.
 And I haven't thought about that.
 Oh, sure.
 30 years.
  You just toss that.
 You just find a random Mickey quote.
 Oh, you know what? You know what? Actually, go.
 Let's the start of it.
 They're flying in a small plane and they're like lost or something.
  And it opens with Pete telling Goofy.
 So how was I supposed to know he was the chief of police? If I had known that I wouldn't have conked him with a blackjack.
 Now, would I?  Goofy goes, I don't know what's a blackjack.
 Just a big like, you know, like with that.
 It's like a sap.
 It's a sap.
 Like a club.
 No, it's a leather.
 It's a leather with a chunk of metal in it.
 Oh, you knock someone out.
 I never knew what that was.
  Yeah, like thing.
 I forget what the Simpson episode where he keeps like hitting him.
 He goes, where'd you get that? And he goes, sent away.
 OK, yeah, I bought one for you.
  Showed me a few years ago.
 A real one.
 Yeah, Sam Blackjack.
 I have one.
 I hope there was no harm done to any of your fellow.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 Of course, just Jason and I on stage.
  No, but I didn't use it on him.
 But anyway, we didn't use it on him in the port of entry episode either.
 Tell them we do have a great time.
 We didn't.
 I was so you like I was so clumsy.
 I fell into the door.
  Now I did it to myself.
  So, so yeah, so I was like, oh my God, this is great.
 And then you're going past it's like some article about like what happened in World War Two or something snooze.
 But then you get to this and it's a it's a showcase of like a cool job you can have.
 Guy sells hot dogs at Wrigley Field.
 Nice.
  Whoops.
 Sure.
 Winners.
 What a great tumble.
 Chicago ballpark.
 And then it's just like a one page thing of a bit like what a great job this guy's got.
 He gets to sell hot dogs to people.
 And then I was like, oh yeah, now we're back.
 Yeah.
 After some educational shit.
  The the cover of the Jafar Beethoven one.
 I just realized the big cover story says what's big, hairy and slobbers Beethoven plus everything you need to know about the Super Bowl.
  This is great.
  Yeah, a lot of territory.
 I'm going to I'm going to shout out a couple other covers.
 Yeah, yeah.
 John Candy rides the rails.
 Oh, wow.
 He's like a he's like a conductor and blue tailspin errors.
  Driving the train launch pad in a little rocket with weird Al.
 Great.
 Will Smith plugging up.
 What's this character's name? Magic Dispel.
 Here it is.
  Oh, you got it.
 That's the one you're a little.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Moments away from yelling keep magic dispels name out your fucking mouth.
 Yeah, it's a it's this Fresh Prince.
 This is 1992 November 1992.
 Yeah.
 So I guess he's stopping her from performing a spell of some kind.
  This is a 3D issue.
 This is a collector's 3D issue.
 Or maybe he said he's closing its kids.
 Keep keep McDuck's name out your fucking.
 Oh, yeah, I see that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think that's what it is.
  Maybe he's he's in this case, it's to make the world safer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Shut up.
 The tactics in this case are for the better.
 Yes.
  And I remember this one.
 I was very excited about this because it was 3D.
 A 3D issue.
 Yeah.
 And that's it must have come with glasses.
 Yeah.
 And there's odd little like probably working to middling degrees levels of like like even the ads.
 I think we're.
 Yeah.
 I remember.
 Wow.
 Look at that.
  There's a milk ad here.
 It's chocolate milk ad.
 I should say.
 Right.
 And then there's something about like biology listener some shit.
 I'm going snooze.
 Tear it out.
 Never look at it again.
 Bugs.
 Real life bugs.
 No, no.
 Anyway, Coups cartoon.
 Yeah.
  Comics trip.
 Great.
 Now I don't I have to admit I don't particularly remember any like terribly exciting moments from it was like comics based on the Disney afternoon shows.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure we're guy probably read them but it's not like I didn't really dive into these comics to see like oh is there like like did the perverted illustrators accidentally draw a bulge or something.
 I don't know if anything was in the in the comics.
 Well at first it's more the people behind it because I think it's like.
  The people behind it because at first it was all Disney comics and then they kind of branched out and had original car like they they serialized Jeff Smith's bone which is a big like yeah just a ran for years and years as alt comics.
 The collection of it is like the size with phone book.
  Of course there was a Netflix cartoon being made it got canceled before it got made just very recently in the last couple years.
 You know what's hot in 2023 canceling the hard work a lot of people before anyone gets to see it.
 That's what is in.
  But some of the editors that would would go on that would work it.
  Disney adventures on the comics they had Marv Wolfman who is like a legendary comics or the the characters he co created include a blade the vampire hunter most of the Teen Titans cyborg Raven starfire of course their villain Deathstroke black cat and bullseye from Marvel like this was the guy who they had doing it and another woman Heidi McDonald who was an early vertigo  comics editor and ran a lot of comics news sites and then the alt comics people making it.
  Evan Dworkin Bob Fingerman I think Matt Greening had stuff in there every now and then like.
  Yeah, I miss I don't think I have any.
  Life in hell or something.
 Yeah, no, well, I think I was too subversive for the spin off one to Disney comic or Disney adventures comic so it was a section and then it had its own issues.
  Yeah, I actually forgot that there was so much comic stuff in here.
  I already almost comics.
 Yeah, I don't.
  I read a lot of this stuff I remember these goof troop ones.
 I was kind of weird what would you call it like a cannon snob.
 Yeah, in, in it in that I would, like in my own head decide what was official cannon and not.
  And I think for the most of the car like the comic strips are what do you ever you would call them I guess not strips but I would decide that this is like not really goof troop.
 The TV show is goof troop, but this isn't actually goof troop whereas like Ninja Turtles I decided that the Archie comics published  Ninja Turtles adventures was the main cannon in my head, and everything else was really good really good but not actually what happened was happening.
 It's the only this one so I think I had that in my head about most of the like adapted Disney afternoon stuff, except for that.
  The one that really got me excited was that was that space Mickey one.
 Yeah, pretty good because where else do you see that there's no space Mickey show right and it like me that that splash tackler show and Epcot right and the L the art felt elevated to me to it felt like it was a little bit more.
  One of the spin off dizzy adventure co titles collected the first six and saw installments of an adaptation of the black hole, drawn by Jack Kirby.
 Is that right.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I just realized there's a bunch of great Jack Kirby does decide on Jack Kirby is like Ninja Turtles  true because Jack Kirby lived into the like the early 90s.
 Yes.
 And then have you ever have we talked about the Jack Kirby drawing Paul and Linda flying picture.
 I don't know about this, because Paul McCartney has a wing song called Magneto and titanium man which are Marvel characters  and Magneto is villain and X men and I think Paul was like casually looking you should look this up jacob Jack Kirby Paul McCartney.
 And so, Jack Kirby like went backstage or at a wings concert and gave Paul and Linda a drawing that he drew of them.
  It's awesome.
 It's so fun.
 And I had no idea about this I'm surprised this song has never been in a Marvel movie either, because I've been my mom put this on when she like was like oh you're into like she saw me watching X men and like storm screams like oh Magneto or something  my mom was like wait a minute.
  This song I've been listening to since Venus and Mars came out is that's a Marvel Comics thing.
  Yes, you would you have it do you have it.
 I gave you plenty of time do you have it.
 I want to make sure yes yeah yeah they're flying so cool.
 I loved and Jack Kirby so funny because Jack Kirby is like, just like old school tough work workman type guy short sleeve dress shirt  like the old imagineers layers Paul smiling that Paul smile and here's Jack scowling I guess the jack scowl but he was, I'm sure he was probably excited about it.
 Meanwhile, Jack of course created the majority of characters and movies right now.
  Like, that's what he was busy with his busy just creating every character in every movie right now and not making enough money for it.
 But his family at least eventually got some stuff so that's interesting I didn't realize that his stuff was published early on.
  Okay.
  Okay, covers, gonna keep going with covers.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Goofy mountain climbing with Joe Montana is scared.
 We got Jason Priestley being fawned over by Jessica Rabbit Daisy and Minnie pretty flirtatious Minnie there and I feel.
  Yeah, I feel alright I mean Jessica rabbits doing most of the touching so that's fine.
  Many just kind of sit in front of her she's keeping her hands to herself.
 Yeah yeah so that's fine.
 She's just being cute other flirtation I have that one too yeah the genie has is has made a wish and out of the lamp came, Cindy Crawford.
  Okay yeah so the dream is Cindy, the genius horny for Cindy Crawford.
  I guess that's what it's face he just looks confused.
 All right, maybe it was his wish I guess we dream of Cindy now we dream of genie.
 Is this a good time to talk about the Barbara Eden fan account that I follow on Instagram.
  Well, you know, it's up to it's up to you what's a good time or not there's not a lot to talk about every great.
 There's a great Barbara it was just at some sort of like pre pre Emmys or not is me with a pre Oscar lunch with Morgan Fairchild at a Hollywood hotel she's 91 she looks great  is that we need to stop talking about people over 90.
 See what happens as we're recording this Robert Blake dies our beloved Robert Blake we lost.
 We lost Blake.
  We lost him on the show.
 So we brought up the thing that he did not do.
 Bless his heart bless his heart.
 I want to talk about these two Star Trek actors on the two covers here because they're both up there.
 I know yeah he's just talking about his mortality.
  I don't want to send certain topics to hell.
 I think you have to do a scan in your head, considering the proven record of the PTR curse.
 That's true.
 If over 90 is it worth bringing them up.
 Let me ask this question though if I didn't explain to the listeners who Barbara Eden is maybe it's okay because they don't know what I'm talking about.
  I don't I don't think credits do a reference Google it don't Google it everyone don't Google who Barbara Eden is don't know about Barbara Eden don't get Barbara Eden's image in your head.
 Don't do it.
  Do you have more go keep rolling Tim Allen power tools with Pete from goof true so my question there is that is this because they think Pete looks like Richard Karn maybe wrong like a shaven Richard Karn yeah so they thought that just looked good because like why would it make sense Pete's usually a villainous kind of character but in goof troop there.
  You're right you're right.
 Your dad's next door right when dad stuff.
 I don't really have my Pete yet my next door dad foil.
 I assume it will come so yeah have taught me this.
 That's true.
  Joey Lawrence in man Aladdin mode it wearing a vest showing off the guns and a boo is on him reaching for an apple a non cartoon apple that has a he took a but Joey took a bite out of it at boo he's claimed it.
  That is I know you are a thief boo boo but show some boundary this is a whoa to use his words whoa Joey's not reacting to what's happening at all he's just kind of like smoldering for the camera he's got he's got a job to do yeah he was hired to smolder and he's not going to let a thief monkey get in his way yeah I like the other headline cool looks USA.
  I don't know anything else about that article I should have looked for one to live in that city man Mickey this is McKelley Culkin was on it a couple times and I had one of those and the the one that I had I seem to have cut his face out of it perhaps for some kind of collage of things that I liked.
  Oh really or it was up on my wall or something vision boy making the office that's the color right in the world in 19 that is that's that's on the hot list for sure.
  Sounds weird you know what I mean well there was an issue I had don't have with me where it says like TV's hottest kids.
 Yeah I didn't like that phrase yeah yeah maybe a control leave that word out of it what what is he wearing in that go in this guy I was going to say this is the  other Mac cover McKelley Culkin is that rebel without a cause I think he is in rebel without a cause specific motorcycle where and then Mickey behind him he's got a blue riding riding outfit behind him hanging on to old Mac.
  Did you guys have that same thing with McKelley Culkin this odd like that we were we were so set up I feel like in interviews and stuff to feel like if only I could hang out with Mac.
 Oh my life would be set if I as if as if Mac was like so much cooler than some kid I could meet in my actual school.
  Yeah I think it was that but it was also like you could be him to like he was an every boy you know in a way.
 Oh yeah true he's a so wait a minute a celebrity can like water slides and pizza.
 Yeah, yeah so I feel like maybe I was more, I'm trying to remember because I like  Tomlom but honestly some of the violence made me a little uncomfortable.
 Not that's not a joke.
 I just preferred the movie sidekicks.
 I really don't remember watching those movies a lot and I kind of remember the movie my girl like seeing a little of it.
  Oh God and someone was like oh yeah you get stung by a bunch of bees and dies at the end I was like okay well now I got to worry about bees.
 I was that a thing you think that lasted for a while because I never saw my girl so I probably would have had the same reaction to like oh my god I'm never going outside.
  I well you know I didn't really have many childhood memories being about being stung by bees but about five six years ago I got stung by a bee on my hand and I felt like shit for hours so I was like oh I wonder if I have a slight.
 My girl was right.
 My girl was right my fears were right.
  I've you know what I feel I do remember when he did the good son and I felt like a little bit trail almost.
 He was in a bad movie.
 Bad movie.
 Yeah movie.
 I do kind of remember that.
 What is that about?  He was he a killer kid.
 I don't remember.
 He was in an R rated movie.
 I don't know anything about it.
 I feel like I said oh look at him a Kelly Culkin movie.
 It has the word good in it and my parents said no it is bad.
 Yeah.
 Do not think about the good son and to this day I have never learned any information about the good son.
  I've never watched it but I think in the preview of the trailer he like hurts a kid or like a kid is I'm trying to remember is he like holding on like the kids like holding on for like trying to pull up on a legend he like kicks him off or something.
  Yeah I bet.
 So it's like is that what it says.
 I don't know that's the trailer I'm imagining.
 It's like a bad seed kind of movie.
 Yeah.
 I remember sort of feeling like oh he's yeah yeah I feel like what is this I don't like this.
  Poster.
 But Kali is kind of looking a little off and it says evil has many faces.
 Wow.
 Oh my god.
 How could they do.
 I think they actually did like not understand the market.
 That they cause this movie bombed I believe.
 Yeah.
 And oh wait no wait a minute no it actually outdid its.
 Oh really.
 I guess the good son did.
  I.
 So that's another thing I've assumed only the good son rightfully bombed they were hoping of making McCallie a bad kid.
 They made him do it like when we made Jason be polite about the things you were saying.
 Oh yeah.
 Port of entry.
 I remember.
 Yeah.
  But there were there obviously were comments I don't know if you saw them Jason there were comments that were to the effect of like Jason was hiding his feelings he was masking how he was just trying to be nice because I know that this episode hurt him and the recording  the recording podcast was a few times I'm not hiding my damn feelings.
 Jason unfilled I just feel like it didn't get more unfiltered than in therapy.
 Oh well they are definitely not.
 I guess you sure we can't see the good son mom David Morse is in it you know from saying elsewhere in the  negotiator.
 Well say no more.
 I want to see the new David Morse movie.
 He's from he's in the long kiss good night the long kiss good night actually rocks that movie's awesome.
 Oh the rock he's one of the bad guys in the rock yeah.
 Sounds like he's good.
 He is a good son.
 He is good.
 Unlike that son.
 He's good.
 I also like Dean Cain's Superman having just tied up all the boys.
 I mean that's some of the clearest completely you understand.
  I mean that's some of the clearest completely you understand.
 Very simple Beagle Boys bad guys Dean Cain Superman ambiguity with a bad kid right is in the title.
 I need it to B.
M.
 Little my brain is forming I need to know who's good and bad and now I know and I've known this always and  never change my perspective on it.
 Dean Cain is good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah that's what I meant.
  So yeah, I'm trying to think.
  The Beagle Boys, I feel like we're on another one,  but I can't remember off the top of my head.
  Yeah, they were always pushing these Disney afternoon guys.
  To that end, in the last things in my slideshow of,  I mean, I think you have them in the pile potentially,  because my absolute favorite cover,  well, okay, there are a few related to Star Trek.
  There's so much Star Trek in these issues.
  And now I remember, because I was big into Star Trek  around this time, so this must have really reinforced  that Star Trek was cool, because it was in this magazine  that I liked.
 Kids can like this.
  Yeah.
 But yeah, it is,  the editors must have been huge Star Trek fans to like.
  There's like ads for Star Trek 6,  like the last Shatner cast Star Trek, which I like,  but still I'm like, this isn't really,  were kids interested in these seniors running around?  I saw a kind of movies and TV poll of like favorite,  I think one example was like,  it was like voting for your favorite,  not just what the movies are, but like things in movies.
  For example, coolest animated critters on the big screen,  Beast, Beauty and the Beast, Batty Coda from Ferngully,  of course, Shanta Clear from Rocket Doodle.
  Shanta Clear.
  How badly did Shanta Clear and Batty Coda lose to the Beast?  But anyway, elsewhere, there was another top  that was like, best snacks from a movie or from a show,  probably, because it was like,  stuff is something at the Peach Pit from 90210,  burger and fries from the Max and Saved by the Bell  or Earl Grey Tea on the bridge of the,  I was kind of surprised, like next to like, of course,  90210 and Saved by the Bell are of that era, but.
  That's next gen, yeah.
  You would have voted for the Earl Grey Tea.
  Yes, I would have.
  That's Captain Picard's favorite drink.
  I guess I would now.
  That sounds better to me now.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The kids are making that food  at either of those establishments.
  It's unclear.
 Garbage.
  It's unclear, though, how much the kids were into this.
  I don't think I knew another kid that watched Star Trek.
  I'm sure there was another kid in school who did,  but I don't know of another kid  that I could talk to about it.
  It was completely something that I liked.
  My parents didn't give a shit about it.
  And there was like at least everything else I liked.
  There were plenty of kids that had that in common,  but I wonder if there was like the editorial board  was pushing an agenda.
  We need to.
  The children must watch intelligent science fiction  or whatever.
  Yeah.
 I don't know.
  Maybe I'm wrong.
  Maybe there were a lot of kids.
  And they must read articles about Egypt.
  There's a no, no, you went too far.
  No, yeah, yeah.
 Star Trek has Egypt.
  No, no kid should learn about Egypt.
  Is there an Android in Egypt?  No, then I don't give a shit.
  Anybody with cool forehead wrinkles?  The no.
  Some of these letter pages and.
  Oh yeah.
 What's on this?  Say the code.
  Oh yeah.
  This is a good cover, but it's not the best Star Trek cover.
  So this is William Shatner as James T.
 Kirk.
  He's in his enterprise.
  It's like Star Trek Generations out.
  Well, I guess it's sort of the last few.
  It rev his Star Trek movie outfit.
  And he's got Huey, Dewey and Louie  all in different Star Trek uniforms.
  And I don't know which one is which  cause they're not really so specific  cause they don't have their colored shirts on.
  But one of them is dressed like Jordy,  LeVar Burton's character from The Next Generation.
  Cause he's got the visor on.
  And then there are two of them are holding plans  or they're holding the same space plans.
  And it says Star Trek secrets.
  And it's, yes, this is,  I'm trying to determine why it's Huey, Dewey and Louie.
  This is another one that's sort of unclear  what their decision is for showing the three nephews.
  Whatever, they make a great group.
  Shatner not even acknowledging them.
  They're like kind of wrapping him up in the plans.
  Well, yeah, sometimes you can,  I feel like only in rare cases  did the person do a photo shoot.
  One example, there is a,  there's one where Mayim Bialik  seems to be dancing with the Beast  from Beauty and the Beast.
  And I feel like the wardrobe was specific  and her pose was specific.
  I am confident.
  And there were more pictures from that shoot  in the magazine.
  I'm confident that that was a custom photo.
  This, I believe is Star Trek promotional materials.
  It's a promo photo.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's a Getty Image photo.
  So in this issue and the letter page,  this is a lot of, I think,  I don't know if again, this was an agenda  or this is just, I guess, what kids do.
  They argue about things.
  And here's one that's from a girl named Ashley Brown,  age 10, and it says,  Mighty Morphin Power Rangers versus TMNT.
  I hate the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.
  The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  don't need robots to help them.
  So they could kick Mighty Morphin Power Rangers,  but there is no question about it.
  The Power Rangers are just poor imitations  of the Ninja Turtles.
  They should fight.
  Then everybody would see who was better.
  That data, I'm sure that,  I believe there has been cross-over comics at this point.
  Well, but they crossed over with the next mutation  with Venus de Milo.
  Oh, sure, yeah.
  Because they were both being made by Saban at that time.
  But I just like that.
  A kid was so passionate  that they decided in January 95 to write a letter.
  I agree with this kid.
  About that.
  I agree with all these points.
  You know what?  Before recording, we were talking about  WWE versus AEW tribalism.
  And you said it applies to a lot of other  pop culture things too.
 Oh yeah, press everything.
  And there it is, Turtles and Power Rangers.
  That's interesting, because I never thought of them  as competitors when I was a kid.
  No.
 Because I love the Turtles,  then they were number one.
  But I did like Power Rangers, so.
  Is this not the culture that has led to  now that you have to be Team Star Wars, Team Marvel,  and you have to be fighting on social.
  Is the social media of today's Twitter  not today's version of the Disney Adventures  letter section? Letter page.
  Yeah, I know it's a very good point.
  Oh yeah, there's that one letter where the kid  complains about the fluoride in the water.
  I just want a quick hit, ins and outs of this.
  Oh please.
  Yeah.
  Clothes in, jeans, t-shirts, flannels out,  neon, anything bright, slang.
  This is the heartbreak era for me.
  Yeah, because I wanted.
  The end of neon and anything bright.
  Sling.
  It was a good dark times.
  Sling in, what's up, cool, funky, out,  gnarly or tubular.
  In, music, rap, alternative rock, heavy metal,  out, country, oldies.
  Country's all over the map.
  It's all.
  Decide what you're doing with country.
  Uh huh.
  Is it cool or not?  Because elsewhere in kind of like the entertainment  weekly type, like letting me know about bands  that are happening.
  I have so many tabs open, where is it?  Elsewhere, they're trying to tell me  about this group called Sick Shooter,  who are six teenage guys who aim to prove  that young people love boot scooting.
  So one day you're telling me that young people  love boot scooting and now you're saying  country is not.
  So contradictory, yeah.
  Jason, did you boot scoot when you were younger?  I don't, you know, I don't have a lot of memories  of boot scooting, I'm sorry Michael.
  I follow that, there was that clogger group  that went viral a couple, a year ago.
  Oh yeah.
  I think they're the J Street Cloggers.
  And I don't know, I think they're technically boot scooting.
  In, clogging.
  Out, scooting.
  Any types of movement that aren't clogging.
  In, boot scooting, out, any other sort of scooting.
  Regular scooting is out.
  Boot scooting.
  Tenant shoe scooting.
  Out.
 Barefoot scooting.
  Here's something that I don't think would fly today.
  In, food, pizza, fast food, Chinese food, out.
  Mexican food.
  Maybe we don't.
  Megzoo mark my words in 1996,  Mexican food will never be popular again.
  Yeah, this was, yeah, January, January, 1995.
  Yeah.
  No one will have a taco ever again.
  Yeah, unless Mexican food can form some kind of allegiance,  some partnership with, I don't know, Animorphs.
  The only hope they have of making any kind of comeback.
  It's just a little small franchise  that had power range, or Star Wars toys around that time.
  Yeah, so that's, oh, pets.
  In, dogs, cats, bunny rabbits.
  Out, fish, hamsters.
  No longer.
  Fuck off.
  Throw them away.
  Go to hell.
  Drown the hamsters and put the fish somewhere without water.
  Yeah, hey, beta fish,  don't let the door hit you on your way out.
  I got a cover I forgot about.
  This is a later one, so there are no humans on the photo.
  Although there is a little circle that says ESPN Action  and has a Siberian Husky in it.
  This is the coolest cartoon kids of class of 1998.
  Doug Funny, Bart Simpson, Tommy Pickles,  Pepper Ann Pearson, Spinelli, and Bobby Hill.
  And it's second season,  first or second season, Bobby Hill,  so he just kind of looks kind of bummed.
  When you think cool, you think Bobby Hill.
  I think Bobby Hill.
  This is before the writers realized I had created  one of the most endearing characters  in the history of television.
  The writers hadn't realized that?  I think Bobby Hill was a little more hapless  in the earlier seasons by the end of the series.
  He's like a hero, you know?  He's always got enough to antics.
  Sure, no antics before season two.
  No antics.
  They were not giving him any antics.
  The early episodes, it's a lot of hanko  and that boy ain't right, you know?  Right, and then he comes around.
  I can't weigh in on this.
  I like King of the Hill, but I don't remember the arc.
  I don't know anything too late of it.
  Yeah.
  And then there is also another situation  where it's like there's eight seasons I didn't see.
  Yeah, yeah, I know.
  But I mean, I don't like the show.
  I just look, there's a lot of stuff to do in this world.
  And I don't know that it fell off.
  But there's like eight years of King of the Hill  I didn't watch.
  It's very consistent.
  Oh, it was airing an adult swim in syndication  for years around the time.
  I would go to bed.
  Are there 15 seasons of King of the Hill?  Possibly, maybe 14.
  12?  Something like that.
  It's in my head.
  Let me look that up.
  So yeah, so anyway, there's nothing that crazy  is Star Trek wise in this, but.
  Well, the other one.
  Well, yeah.
  Because the other one is my favorite.
  And this is saying a lot  because there's many excellent covers  that we have talked about.
  And this is me saying, I am not even a Star Trek fan.
  Right.
  But I love the next generation cover.
  This is the absolute best use.
  Oh yeah.
  I love this insane crew of Disney characters  who are not of the same universe, who don't go together.
  Mike, I will bungle who is who.
  Please describe this cover.
  Well, it's a, yes.
  It's not a pose photo shoot picture  of Patrick Stewart as Captain Picard  in his regular captain's outfit.
  He is on the bridge, which is, it's drawn.
  It's got sort of the same kind of curved,  I don't know what you would even call it,  curved railing behind him.
  And to his right is Jessica Rabbit as Counselor Troy,  because she's wearing the outfit, the sort of jumpsuit  that Marina Sertis, of course, wore.
  To his left is the Beast, who is, oh yeah, he's got the,  it's Worf, which is a security officer.
  By the way, compare Jessica Rabbit  and Patrick Stewart's heads.
  Look how much bigger.
  She's got like her head's three times the size  of Patrick Stewart's head.
  He's shorter than him, or else he's up on a step.
  Yes.
  But this is, she's like a Navi.
  It's really weird too, because she's got her hand  on his shoulder, and that really throws  the perspective off too.
  It's a very dainty hand.
  Yeah, but she's giant.
  And it doesn't, it looks like he's shrunk or something.
  She has T-Rex proportions.
  Yeah, she has a tiny hand and a giant everything else.
  And then behind them, Pinocchio, who I assume is Data.
  I don't know that to be a fact,  because there's nothing really distinct.
  They didn't do anything to the eyes, really.
  Right, nothing with the, no yellow eyes,  and no face that looks like Data's skin.
  Magica Dispel is Guinan.
  Yeah, they're putting Magica with the biggest,  the best stars.
 She's everywhere.
  Magica Dispel is Guinan,  which is the Whoopi Goldberg character.
  And then Darkwing Duck is Geordi,  and he has the visor in this one, not one of his nephews,  or not one of Donald's nephews.
  Mashup of your dreams.
  Yes, this cover would go on to inspire many drawings  where I would mash up, I'm serious,  Star Trek characters with other,  like Disney characters or turtles and stuff.
  And there were Star Trek turtle toys as well.
  So yes, this was an inspiration in a lot of ways.
  And I think this kind of makes sense in some of the ways,  although not fully.
  I guess Pinocchio in a way makes the most sense.
  I don't know why Pinocchio and the beast  and Jessica Rabbit are hanging out.
  Well, that doesn't make sense.
  You know what?  It's the diversity that the Star Trek franchise  has always championed.
  Diversity of movies.
  Not diversity of-  Well, no, Star Trek has diversity, but-  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes, diversity of-  Of properties.
  By that I mean puppets and ducks.
  Oh yeah, of course.
  Right, right, right.
  So yeah, I don't know.
  I mean, like, Jessica Rabbit is,  I don't know that she's a good analog for Counselor Troi,  who's just very quiet and empathetic.
  Not that Jessica Rabbit's not,  I'm not trying to insult her.
  I'm just saying, I don't know.
  I feel like they didn't put too much thought into this.
  And I'm trying to think if there's a better,  any of the Disney princesses, honestly,  might've been a better stand-in for Counselor Troi here.
  And Beast is like a war, like,  Worf is a Klingon warrior.
  Beast is like scary, but he's not really a warrior.
  He's just scary because he's a beast.
  So I don't know, I have a little,  thinking about this intellectually at the time,  now I kind of think some of it-  Because you don't like it anymore.
  No, I like it a lot.
  I like it a lot and it's a part of my soul.
  But if I'm gonna analyze it as a guy who does a podcast.
  What we gotta do.
  You know, and Darkwing Duck is Geordi,  that one makes the least sense.
  What do you do?  Why are you robbing yourself of joy like this?  This doesn't make sense.
  Who cares?  Let him have the goggles.
  Yeah, but I don't know.
  It's just that Darkwing Duck's such a different character.
  I don't know, he could have been Lieutenant Barkley  or something.
  This is the last thing I expected,  is that you would have complaints about this cover.
  Complaints versus just trying to think reasonably about it.
  I don't know, I don't know what the,  I'm just thinking out here.
  And then Magic of Dispel, I don't know.
  She's kind of a bad guy and Gaian is like a good guy.
  This is, you know, you threw Port of Entry  under the bus last month.
  Now you're throwing this cover under the-  This great cover.
  I guess Club Three is where you go to sulk.
  I'm a villain on Club Three,  I think is really what we're determining here.
  Mr.
 Mike Fist though.
  This is why we don't introduce ourselves  as much at the beginning.
  Cause I guess you've-  Pinocchio makes the most sense  cause he's not a real boy yet and he longs to be  and that's what Data's whole plate is.
  Oh, that does make sense.
  That's perfect.
  Well, I'm unhappy that the one that you're happy with  is Pinocchio.
  He's a little wooden boy, yeah.
  Cause he wants to be a human.
  Mike, I was flipping through the X-Men segments  of the X-Men issue.
  First off, the cover is by the Hilda Brantz,  legendary sci-fi painters.
  What?  Greg and Tim.
  Greg and Tim, I think, yeah.
  There's art in here from various comics,  including some, a pretty gruesome panel  from Barry Windsor Smith's Weapon X.
  Yeah.
  Of like Wolverine on an operating table.
  They're like putting the metal into his skeleton.
  Yeah.
  And then interviews with former Marvel editor-in-chief,  Bob Harris and the writers, Scott Lobdell  and Fabian Niesienza.
  Fabian Niesienza, co-creator of Deadpool.
  Sure, yeah.
  Scott Lobdell, co-creator of Maggot.
  I believe so, the less popular.
  Our favorite character, Maggot.
  Equal cultural impact.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Significantly less millions involved with Maggot.
  Real quick one in and out.
  In, rap, country and western, out.
  Live concerts.
  What is this, 2020?  No, no live, yeah.
  No live concerts.
  Those are uncool.
  You might make fun of for going to a live concert.
  Concerts in April 1993.
  My dad said paying for parking at Veteran Stadium  was just against his principles.
  There is a lot of good, and I say a lot, I mean a couple,  a couple great candids of Brent Spiner  in the data makeup in this.
  And these are very, these are stuck in my brain  because I was so obsessed with data.
  Here is data at the crafty table,  like with a cup of coffee, if you can see that.
  And he's like smiling, he's out of character.
  And these again stimulated such a strong memory  in my brain.
  And here he is with like a,  he's got like a sweater on and they're rehearsing.
  And he's making kind of like a little sly face  at the camera.
  And I remember this being, I'm just like,  oh yeah, oh yeah, I remember these.
  And Jonathan Franks is out of his uniform.
  He's maybe directing an episode.
  So you use the word stimulated, then you said,  oh yeah, I remember these.
  Look at that look he's giving.
  Mentally stimulating is okay.
  Yeah, but the other one would be fine too.
  There's nothing wrong with that.
  It's not the case, but it would be okay.
  No.
  If I was feeling some sort of.
  We would celebrate you,  whatever you wanna do with this magazine and Brent Spiner.
  Much like data when he had sexual relations  with a human woman, it would be fine.
  It's not the case though.
  That's not what I meant, but it would be fine.
  Did we what?  I saw that episode not too long ago  and I'm trying to remember how and why.
  Did you make me watch?  I don't think I made you do anything.
  Okay, well, I don't know if that's true.
  Jason's free will has been clear for this entire.
  Dr.
 Nunean song data's creator made sure  that his robots had functioning boners.
  I just want to remember that that he chose to do that.
  And he made many different robots.
  It's a feature, not a bug.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah, it is a feature.
  Yeah.
  There's data says old feature.
  He's fully functional.
  That's what data says.
  So.
  Oh, that's what that means.
  That's what it means.
  That's right.
  So I found in here too.
  I almost, I apparently was going to enter  this goof troop April fools, comic contest.
  And I had everything filled out.
  And I had everything filled out my address and stuff,  but I never sent it.
  Dude, we have the same.
  Yeah, I got some partially filled out pages.
  Yeah.
  I very rarely, unless it was a tear out like card,  I never wanted to enter these contests  because then I'd have to ruin the magazine.
  Yeah, well, I was that way with comics,  but I was less precious with like magazines.
  But yeah, for sure comics.
  Like I almost have a weird thing that I still have with,  if a comic is almost kind of beat up,  I have this weird like, I don't want to touch it thing.
  Sure.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  I had like the very first X-Men issue.
  I kept in a backpack and I kept taking it to school  and it's been grinded up.
  I don't know why.
  I'm talking about like, I still have this weird thing.
  If the comic isn't in like the bag and the board,  I almost like don't want to touch it.
  And I don't, I've, there's some weird trauma  that is behind this if I really unpack it.
  Cause I'm going through all these old comics  and a lot of them are the turtle comics I had before.
  I was collecting stuff in bags and boards  and I still don't really want to touch.
  I want to throw away the comics that aren't in good condition.
  It's really weird.
  I can't track this.
  So yeah, I don't know what this means.
  I think it was at a certain point when somebody was like,  oh, you need to preserve the comics with the bag  and the board and you put them in the box.
  And I became kind of like anal about it.
  And the old comics that I had taken care of,  like for some reason they became like gross or dirty to me.
  And I still feel this.
  Cause I'm going through a lot of this stuff right now.
  Cause my parents have brought these boxes out.
  I always just thought of them as well loved.
  You're right.
  I, this is what I can recognize that this is not,  this behavior is not like, it doesn't make a lot of sense.
  Dirty must not be seen.
  Must cover the filth.
  Yeah.
  Cover my tracks.
  What I mom and dad must not know.
  They must not open the boxes they brought from Schaumburg.
  What I have literally done because I don't want to deal  with it is I've thrown them in this big plastic box right now.
  Cause I don't even want to go through everything.
  I got that.
  And that's not easy.
  That's not that.
  There's plenty of other stuff lazy.
  I have the full run of Ninja Turtle Archie stuff,  the mighty animals.
  I have a ton of Archie books and stuff,  but they're not in good condition like my X-Men.
  Cause I was older and more mature and preserve those.
  Well, you could, there could be a ironically titled story  about all this, the good comics.
  In fact, it is quite the opposite.
  Evil comes in many forms, including.
  That's true.
  Comic books without the board.
  I'm just, I, I, if anyone else out there has something  like this, let me know.
  Cause I'm not sure exactly where it comes from.
  At this point, I'm going to, we have so many great Disney  adventures memories.
  And I knew that a friend of the show had these as well.
  Kyle Mooney, a big Disney adventures fan.
  I've discussed this over the years with him.
  And I just asked if there was anything in particular  we should shout out.
  And he was especially, I mean, this is, this is adjacent  to the, the what's hot and what's not.
  There's a lot of terminology, cool slang.
  Okay.
  You can pick it.
  This is a regular feature in the buzz section  of this magazine.
  And so he sent a shot of one.
  So here's a little, here's some, some cool slang  to teach you guys.
  Hut, that means house as in let's play Nintendo  at my hut today.
  Aha.
 Yeah.
  I remember saying this in the early nineties,  stupid large to be very successful.
  He's won a lot of races.
  He's stupid large.
  He's won, hang on.
  He's won a lot of races.
  If you, the epitome of success, winning many races.
  Okay.
  And that makes you stupid large.
  I won't cop to remembering the context,  but I have heard stupid large before.
  Found stupid large.
  Stupid large.
  I think it made it out there.
  Yeah.
 Not hut.
  You don't think anybody was saying hut.
  If we're saying, if we're saying hut in the nineties,  it's pizza.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Amen.
  What's the other, oh, this one applies to us.
  Track to talk a lot.
  We've been tracking for an hour already.
  Yeah.
 This was never said.
  That's it.
  We have been tracking for an hour and a half.
  We shouldn't go terribly much longer,  but let me, are there any other, oh,  apparently a recurring thing in this magazine is  tortured memories for 90210's Jenny Garth.
  There's one Kyle sent.
  Try being called Puddles.
  That's what they called 90210's Jenny Garth  when she was a kid because everything made her cry.
  They also nicknamed her Casper because Jenny's  as pale as the friendly ghost.
  Oh man.
  Puddles is kind of cute.
  Casper is kind of mean.
  Low mean.
  Especially given that a different,  she was on the cover at one point.
  Wait, what happens?  Oh, I believe on the, when she was on the cover,  she was holding up never quite launched  Disney character, Marsupialali.
  Oh, is that?  So that's another insult to Jenny Garth  that she is stuck with a character nobody likes.
  Yeah.
  It was like one that didn't really,  they tried that on Disney after noon.
  What was the name of Marsupialali?  Wait, the yellow guy?  Yeah.
  That's like a big European comic character.
  Okay.
  He'd never caught on Disney.
  But they did try that, wasn't it after Bonkers?  I think so.
  Yeah, Bonkers didn't quite take either.
  No, and I was too old for Bonkers.
  You're like Bonkers?  Bonkers might have been fine, but I was like,  I felt like I was like, I was like, oh, oh.
  I was done with all this, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, so look, she puddles, she's Casper,  she's stuck with a bad character,  and then in her interview,  they ask what's her most embarrassing moment.
  She says, I was in the fifth grade.
  I was on my way to this party.
  There were going to be boys there,  and I was kind of nervous.
  Well, a bird went to the bathroom on my arm.
  Oh my God, she got shit on.
  She got shit on.
  I like the term phrase, a bird went to the bathroom.
  That is funny, yeah.
  A bird is not in the bathroom.
  No, no.
  Animals are typically not in the bathroom.
  But anyway, and so she didn't go to the party,  because knowing that people might have noticed  the bird bathroom on her arm,  which was probably as white as her pale arms  because she's Casper.
  She's Casper.
  And then all of this would have made her so sad,  she would have been puddles.
  So, Jenny Garth.
  Oh my gosh.
  I hope Jenny never revisits any of these Disney adventures.
  Charlie Brown's sadness, like, I didn't know that.
  Jenny Garth.
  Another one Kyle sent.
  This is some kind of like celebrity awards thing.
  Best throwing arm, the hottest chili pepper,  Anthony Ketus.
  When an uppity reporter asked if the MTV award,  which is a bronze statue of a popcorn box, was heavy,  Anthony threw it at the guy.
  Yikes.
  Oh yeah, yikes.
  That's a Disney adventure?  Yeah, is that a story we want out there?  Is that supposed to be told?  That's weird.
  That also doesn't seem quite uppity to me.
  That seems like a cute little question.
  So is it, yeah, wait a minute.
  Is it heavy?  Yeah, what did he ask there?  Is it heavy?  What do you think?  Guy scarred for nose caved in three years of recovery.
  That rock and roll attitude.
  I don't know the answer to that.
  I don't know if it is heavy.
  I feel like people do go up on stage and pick it up  and say, oh, it's pretty heavy, you know?  I don't know the answer for that.
  I don't know.
  There was a dinosaurs comic.
  Wow.
  That's fun to see them in another form like that.
  Yeah.
  I'll give this to you in a second, Jason.
  I also want to just shout out, apparently,  and I don't remember this, there was a Sega CD game,  Make Your Own Music Video, Criss Cross.
  You can make a Criss Cross music video?  Yeah.
  So you would edit a Criss Cross video.
  What could that possibly mean?  I don't know, but we need to get a Sega CD  so we can play that Scottie Pippen game.
  And then make our own Criss Cross video.
  Getting a Sega CD as a business expense,  which we don't have very much of.
  No.
  So it'd be kind of fun in the tax end of the year.
  One Sega CD.
  How much would a Sega CD cost?  Because that was not the most popular console.
  Maybe we could get away with a Sega CD.
  Oh, yeah, $299.
  Oh, OK.
  That's not so bad.
  Somebody might loan it to us, too.
  I don't know what console.
  I think in the course of the vast amount of Aerosmith talk  over the years, I know that we must have talked about not  that one video game, but another one,  Quest for Fame featuring Aerosmith.
  And there's just a detail.
  This may have come up before, but just the detail.
  After working your way up, you play a tough joint  called the roadkill grill.
  If you bomb, you're sent to cheesy lounge MC Copa Costanza.
  But if you're a hit, you get to lay down tracks of Aerosmith.
  This is IP.
  I like learning about Copa Costanza,  the opposite of Aerosmith.
  He is as not as they are hot.
  What was that on?  I don't know the platform of Quest for Fame.
  It was CD-ROM, possibly, because it's listed after because they  had a bunch of virtual guitar.
  We talked about virtual guitar.
  There's something called Welcome to West Feedback.
  What the hell does that mean?  Welcome to West Feedback.
  I don't know what it is.
  Wait, there's another character, Counselor Scruggs.
  If you're bad at playing rock, Counselor Scruggs  pops in to tell you to look for another job.
  So we're finding the full extended Aerosmith universe.
  Scruggs and Copa Costanza.
  If that was in Sega CD, we got to get it.
  By the way.
  CD-ROM.
  So we don't even need any.
  We can find that.
  I bet I can find that.
  Yeah.
  Probably find it on the Internet Archive.
  The other game, Revolution X, by the way,  released on Arcade Cabinet, Super Nintendo, Genesis, MS-DOS,  Saturn, and PlayStation.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  It's a good coverage of a perfect game.
  There's one with Daniel Stern and Goofy on the cover right here.
  I just want to read one in and out on this one.
  In, slang, what's up, out, for Pete's sake.
  But you know what?  That's maybe the one I agree with the most.
  I do think in July 94, For Pete's Sake, was out.
  Yeah.
  That's something your parents say.
  Yeah.
  That was like the Facebook of its era.
  What's up was in.
  Cool.
  Parents are on it.
  Yeah.
  So that's the only one so far that I think is actually like you could prove it.
  Yeah, finally.
  Also, in this issue, there is a Mac versus Elijah, meaning Elijah Wood.
  I remember this.
  Breaking it down.
  Who's better?  Mm-hmm.
  And it's adding up.
  It says age.
  They're both 13.
  All right.
  Latest movie.
  Getting Even with Dad for Mac.
  North for Elijah.
  This is rough for both.
  These are mega, mega minus points for both of them.
  Yeah.
  And they explain the movies.
  And then what's up next for Mac?  It's the page master and Richie Rich for Elijah is the war.
  I don't even know what that is.
  I don't remember that.
  I got an adult movie, a scary adult movie as far as I knew.
  Yeah.
  Biggest movie star he's worked with, Joe Pesci and Kevin Costner for Elijah and Mel  Gibson.
  Pretty good.
  And so at the time, I guess Elijah's got the stage fright or stage might.
  At the last minute, Mac flaked on being an Academy Awards presenter.
  So Elijah stepped in, took his place, and stole the show.
  We discussed this.
  I must have had.
  I knew I had some phantom memory as we showed that clip in the Oscar special  of the T-Rex giving an envelope to Elijah.
  So it was supposed to be Mac.
  I guess so.
  Are they supposed to be telling us this?  This is inside.
  Like Anthony Kiedis, this thing's a gossip rag.
  Yeah.
  And there's I'm trying to when grown up, most likely to resemble what celebrity  they claim Mac will look like Steve Martin and they claim Elijah would have  looked like Mel Gibson.
  And we know this today.
  I don't think either of those.
  I don't think those are correct.
  No, Elijah stayed pretty small.
  I mean, someday Mac might have gray hair.
  Possible and at the end of this, it just says, who do you like better?  Do we have a choice?  Well, I don't know.
  If you want to see him both, you just watch the good son.
  The good son is where the showdown takes place.
  Right.
  And I think what he did, he kill Elijah Wood or did Elijah would kill him  because he was I don't know.
  Maybe no one died.
  We could throw out the whole.
  Actually, we're not going to do any of those votes.
  Can we do good signs for his next month?  Club three is we're watching good son talking about it.
  I'm not going to lie.
  I never heard of a good son before tonight.
  Really? Yeah.
  You're lucky.
  It showed me my whole childhood.
  Good side did a scary Mac movie.
  It did stick with me at the time.
  I'm surprised you missed that.
  Your parents must have covered the TV when it came on.
  They like ran out.
 No.
  Little Jason, he cannot handle the horrors of the good son.
  Oh, Mike, was your plan to just like,  I'm going to bring the magazines and rifle through them manically  the entire episode?  Yes.
 Turn, turn, turn, turn.
  You're the master.
  I've looked through them already.
  But yeah, now I'm just kind of going through them again.
  Yes, that is that was my plan to discuss respective attitudes here.
  Mike furiously ripping through magazines the entire time.
  Jason in full sweats, slippers and cuddled up with a dog.
  Yeah.
 Lying down for much of the.
  That's a good illustration of us in general.
  I mean, yeah, I probably filled my iPad to  fill the storage space with screen grabs of covers.
  Sure.
 I, you know, I the page master, by the way, easy, easy  Disney adventures cover, you have McCauley and the page  master next to him, you know.
 Yeah.
  The live action.
 Yeah, the cartoon.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
  Any any thoughts on like what a modern pairing  like would be for a cover modern live action and cartoon?  Well, this would this would the problem is I'd have to consume  a piece of media and know a younger star.
  So that's going to be hard for you.
  Don't because like they'll just be like the cast of under siege  and then the blue from tailspin.
  OK, Sydney Sweeney.
  Yeah.
 From you for a new.
  Got it.
 She's younger, right?  20, 20, I believe.
 OK.
  And what is she? She's doing a movie with that guy, Glenn Powell  from Top Gun.
 I know that.
  I don't know what the movie is called.
  OK, so they're one of the two of them are on the cover  and they're with that.
  You're stuck now.
  Hold on.
 You need one more piece of knowledge about.
  I'm not stuck.
 I guess you're right.
  I'm running into.
 Here's the thing, though.
  It doesn't actually have to correspond to anything.
  So this I get out of jail free card.
  OK, they're on the cover with Jack, the lamp lighter from Mary Poppins, too.
  And Topsy.
  From Mary Poppins, too.
  So it's Topsy and Jack and Sydney Sweeney and Glenn Powell.
  Two younger stars, not probably thinking his 30s.
 Great.
  But still a new hot young face.
  Well, the weekend is popular.
  Yes.
 Oh, sure.
  This HBO show coming out.
  Oh, the horny, supposedly very unpleasant show.
  Yeah, no, they did with that.
  He had entirely redone because he thought it was getting too much of a female  perspective so he could just recreate the Will Smith one.
  He's holding Magica Dispel's beak shut because he doesn't want women  talking in his show.
 So it's still Magica.
  Yeah.
 OK, exactly.
  Well, they have, you know, we have her in the post.
  The 2015 DuckTales 2017.
 Right.
  Jason, did you have one ready to go or you just think about?  I was going to go with like I was trying to go very broad.
  So Miles Teller with the Top Gun aviators on and Bluey.
  I've heard so much about this dog.
  Bluey Disney character.
  It's on Disney Plus.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 So Bluey is in the family.
 Yeah.
  Has he got glasses on?  Is he in? Oh, he should also have like aviator glasses on.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Top Gun and Bluey, Miles Teller and Bluey Soar writes itself.
  Let me let me let me ask you this.
  If Disney Adventure existed in 1949,  what would be a good color?  OK, great question.
  Maybe like Burt Lancaster and  trying to think.
  Oh, sleepy.
  Huh? Maybe sleepy.
  Sleepiest man in show business.
  Yeah, they're both taking a nap with sleep.
  They both got big hats, so big like sleep on it.
  I can't remember who who I just recently was reminded of.
  I work this character, Flip the Frog.
  OK, flip the frog.
  I don't know Disney owns the frog.
  Well, they should get him back.
  Yeah.
 I haven't said this on the show, right?  I was I was looking at my beloved collectible section in Target  and there was an employee that was explaining that some people  that this character on the Funko Pop was Oswaldo.
  That was Walt's first creation, Oswaldo, and that they should make a movie  where he earns his gloves.
  And they were like, oh, yeah, that's a good idea.
  You should write that.
  And he goes, they're already working on it.
  Well, first off, I like calling him Oswaldo.
  Yeah, it was great.
 I loved all of it.
  I mean, he had some of the details, right?  He's calling him as Waldo, though.
  And then he yeah, he's he was like, they're already working on this.
  I know it now.
  When I've seen a Funko Pie, I have a couple of Funko Pots around.
  The characters name usually big letters on the box.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  But I don't know.
 I'm not sure.
  I'm not sure why he's calling him that.
 OK.
  I'm going to I'm going to make you get that iPad back out  because I have one little bit of business.
  You may remember that I texted you guys the list of the topics.
  And I said, don't look at page two, because on page two,  I have prepared a little scene.
  Allow me to explain.
  I in thinking about this episode today, I wanted to make sure  I got Becca's quote correct about why we should cover this.
  And she said they've covered everything from the mask animated show  to the Backstreet Boys.
  I could not find the issue with the mask animated show.
  I got nothing about that.
  But I was like, we got I got to do the assignment here.
  Yeah.
 Disney adventures do with the Backstreet Boys,  even though it was in the post animated cover era.
  And I Backstreet Boys were on the cover twice.
  One I couldn't find.
  The second I found something delightful.
  We've been talking about these comics the whole time.
  This issue is the home to a true Disney adventures.
  Original a Backstreet Boys comic.
  Oh, a an original Backstreet Boys adventure.
  It is called Backstreet to the Future.
  It imagines a world in which they are not only the biggest boy band on Earth,  but also they work with a time travel scientist named Professor Zink.
  Can you see any credit?  Some of them had the credits vertically along the side.
  I don't have it in front of me, but I can't do that now.
  But perhaps some up and coming comic talent designing Professor Zink  and his of course, his trusty robot parrot always on his shoulder.
  With all his inventions, he's always of course, jingling.
  I picked only the briefest of scenes and they're broken up.
  But just to give everybody a little flavor of Backstreet to the Future.
  And let me assign some parts.
  I'm going to be Backstreet Boy Brian Littrell.
  Mike, you will play the high pressure role of Professor Zink.
  OK, what does he look like?  I can't show you.
  Imagine what you picture when you picture it.
  I'm a science scientist.
  OK, should I do like a doc voice or something?  It's up to you.
  You know, Professor Zink has never been voiced.
  So it's a wide open canvas.
  I'm feeling tired, but I guess I can try.
  He can be tired.
  Professor Zink probably is tired from all his experiments.
  All right.
 Yeah.
  And from always having the robot parrot on his shoulder,  robot parrot who will be played by Jason Schiff.
  Of course.
 Got it.
  OK, so I think it is late.
  I think it's been long hours.
  Right.
  Probably the Backstreet Boys were rehearsing all day,  but now Brian is helping Professor Zink in the lab.
  Wait, there's a Kevin too.
  Are you doing Kevin as well?  I'm going to break it up.
  I'll reassign the roles.
  OK, so I will begin.
  I'm going to get going now, Professor Zink.
  Thanks for letting me borrow these cordless mics.
  We'll need them for the Mega Music Awards show tonight.
  It's no problem, Brian, but can you stay another moment?  I haven't had a chance to finish telling you about my latest invention.
  Squawk!  Very good.
  So that sets the scene.
  And then there's Brian, clumsy Brian Lattrell,  pushes a button that he's not supposed to.
  He and the Professor end up lost in time.
  The other Backstreet Boys got to go find them.
  They end up in all these eras that they're not.
.
.
  They don't know how to get out of them.
  They're there with Shakespeare.
  They're with Dinus.
 They're avoiding T-Rex, biting them.
  It's a really excellent.
.
.
  It was my favorite of any comic that I ran into.
  But mainly, the big reveal is that Brian and Professor Zink  are tied up on a plank of a pirate ship.
  And that's where we end up at this scene.
  Mike, I'm going to reassign the roles.
  You're going to be a pirate.
  Then you're also going to be Kevin Richardson of the Backstreet Boys.
  It's my sister's favorite backstreet boy.
  Jason and I's roles will remain.
  Oh, no, she liked Brian.
 No, no, she liked Brian, not Kevin.
  OK, so here's the pirate ship scene.
  OK.
  Avast, the sharks are going to have stowaway stew for dinner tonight.
  It's McGruff.
  Into the sea with ya.
  It's ye, but OK.
  Ye, sorry.
  Oh, no, what are we going to do, Kevin?  Let's show these buccaneers a little rock and roll.
  Rock and roll, Squawk!  Wonderful.
  And then I will shuffle the parts one more time.
  Everything works out with the Backstreet Boys.
  They get back to the time that they're supposed to be in.
  They do get to perform at the Mega Music Awards show.
  And I will now give Jason his first non-parrot role.
  You will play Backstreet Boy Howie Darrow wrapping up the whole story.
  All right.
  OK, boys, now that we've traveled through the last few millenniums,  let's sing a few songs from our own millennium.
  Beautiful.
 Wow.
 Perfect tie in.
  That's great.
  I mean, you know, I love seeing the Backstreet Boys getting to meet Bill  Shakespeare, but where they belong is in is in 1999 or perhaps 2023  in kind of a Vegas tie review kind of setting.
  It works for them.
  Maybe a fun commercial or Christmas song here and there.
  Sure.
 So much credit to Disney Adventures for all this nostalgia  for sending the Backstreet Boys on the adventure of their lives,  for teaching us cool slang.
  But at this point, we've been tracking for a while.
  I think it's time to leave your head.
  We have to leave the hut.
  I'm working.
  I know I was going to say they taught us and that would not to say.
  Yeah, I thought it's what not to say to you.
  It's just wait, what was the for Pete's sake?  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, and I was going to have Taco Bell tonight, but just to get out.
  That's it's uncool.
  It is uncool.
  Yeah, listener, don't eat Mexican food ever again.
  Unless you want to be lame.
  Unless you just want to show everybody that you're lame.
  It might make you mad, but don't say for Pete's sake.
  Well, you survived podcast, the ride club three.
  Thank you for subscribing to club three.
  Your bravery saved the podcast.
  Well done, freedom fighters.
  I don't know when we're going to post the poll, but keep an eye out for it.
  The returning contenders will vie for the top prize or perhaps be cast away to hell.
  I wonder if there's a way to put a term in there.
  There's other.
  Oh, here we go.
  This is slang.
  Apparently the loser of the club three poll might end up getting a big old wampin.
  But you can choose which which topic is all that and a bag o chips.
  Stay subscribed, folks.
