 Five, four, three, two, one.
  I've got a opening joke, but it's not for me to say.
  So I'll just say it in a few.
  And well, all right, so it is this.
  I'm the Jason, gotta love me.
  Of course.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm ready for my close up, Mr.
 DeBell.
  I thought you would have argued to say that.
  Oh, I should have.
  Like I have it, I got it, I got it.
  There's your chance.
  Yeah.
  We were recording, so that could have been this.
  Oh, that's true.
  No, it is.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We're handling this business now.
  Well, if you'd like to, you don't have to.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, why don't you introduce everyone?  Oh, that's a good idea.
  All right.
  Hey, welcome to podcast the ride.
  The second gate.
  I can't think of how to start this.
  I don't know.
  I don't have a good dinosaur's idea.
  Scott Gardner is blanking.
  Mike Carlson, do you have any idea?  I don't know if there's a way to perfectly.
  Is there a point of our hosts?  Our brains are mush.
  Daddy's brains are mush.
  One of our hosts seem like they're one of the characters on dinosaurs.
  I can't think.
  I don't know.
  You're tall like the Sherman and the Bull.
  The Sherman Helmsley triceratops.
  That's true.
  Jason Sheridan.
  I'm the Jason.
  Gotta love me.
  Whoa.
  We walked right into it.
  I had written down that I'm the baby.
  Gotta love me and not the mama.
  Very quickly when I was very young, quickly entered the pantheon of Jason.
  Please stop.
  Like you gotta, you gotta stop.
  I like that's really, that's enough.
  You gotta because.
  I dinosaurs was very popular in my household.
  You know, I have numerous memories of us all repeating these lines.
  The whole family, the whole family.
  And then I just let's say it.
  Three, two, one.
  My memory is that I just kept pushing.
  Wow.
  You don't do not wake us up in the middle of the night screaming it.
  I Jason with like a frying pan to like hitting his father.
  Jason, you're pushing it.
  Your favorite character in fiction, baby Sinclair.
  You can't act like him anymore.
  You're too old to just poop in front of us.
  He loved it though.
  So you're so a big fan of dinosaurs growing up, the early nineties, ABC show.
  With the involvement of Jim Henson and the Jim Henson creature shop.
  Did we all watch the show?  Enjoy the show.
  Jason loves it.
  What are your feelings, Mike?  It's I have complicated feelings about it because I was fascinated by it,  but it creeped me out and I watched episodes, but I really, I wanted to be into it more,  but I couldn't.
  Yeah.
  In my, in hindsight, it was, it was something I wanted to love, but I had an odd feeling about it.
  It might have been because the episode, there's the one episode where I was like,  trying to do a mating dance and I knew that was sex and that was a bad thing to talk about.
  That's like maybe my strongest memory of watching it when I was little.
  So I don't know if that's made me be like, there's an adult show.
  Drugs too.
  It creeped me out.
  Well, I was not, for some reason I had drugs.
  We're not even, I wasn't worried about that.
  The main thing.
  The main thing I was like, this makes me uncomfortable is this mating dance episode.
  You didn't have the dare program, but you had it in the household.
  So, but your parents didn't care if you, you could skip that for all you want.
  Yeah.
  We're giving you a personal stay off of sex program.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What was the, what does dare stand for again?  I don't know.
  What does dare stand for?  If it was a better program, we'd know.
  Right.
  I was just, I was going to do a perfect joke with the sex.
  Young enough to do the program.
  Not currently young enough to be buying the t-shirts ironically at urban outfitters.
  Drug abuse resistance education.
  So.
  Well, it's not that funny.
  If you put sex in there.
  No, it's not.
  You got to get the A out too.
  How am I going to do that?  Well, you got all episode.
  You don't even worry about contributing to the rest of it.
  You can just do your own project over there.
  I'm going to turn my mic off.
  No need.
  I will not be saying anything.
  It didn't make a click.
  Well, it kind of made a click.
  I think my feelings about dinosaurs, I, I certainly, I watched it all the time.
  There was, I feel like there was a time and maybe some listeners will, will back me up.
  If you were of the right age, at least in my head, and it feels insane to say this now,  but like the big pillars of kids entertainment with attitude, if we're talking Simpsons and we're talking Ninja Turtles.
  Yeah.
  You know, I think dinosaurs right in there at the time I viewed it as, yeah, I like Simpsons and I like Ninja Turtles and I like dinosaurs.
  Wow.
 That's a cool teen one and they look cool.
  And who are the coolest characters on TV?  Probably Bart and Baby Sinclair.
  Oh, Baby Sinclair.
  What a star.
  Yeah.
  If you don't remember the show, I'm sure I won't synopsize it very well, but you know, there was, there were, there was TGIF, of course, all the family sitcoms.
  But this was the only one where it wasn't humans.
  These are creatures from the Jim Ensign Creature Shop with impeccable full body suits.
  Yeah.
  And robotic, however, whatever you want to call the faces.
  And it's a very, like the most traditional family show where it's big, schlubby husband and the wife who knows better and the teen boy is cool and likes to date and do mating dances, of course.
  And the teen girl likes to shop, I think, probably is what I recall.
  And then the very post-Michelle Tanner scene stealing baby, the catchphrases go to the baby.
  Yeah.
  And grandma, grandma sort of post-Golden Girl, grandma sassy.
  Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
  Who's that voice? Was that? Oh, that's a good question.
 I don't remember.
  Was that a Stingy?  I mean, the big one was Jessica Walter was the mother.
 Is that right?  Yes.
 Yes.
 Way before Arrested Development.
  Yeah.
  And I'm so curious about the, it's from Michael Jacobs who created Boy Meets World later.
  So a very big 90s on ABC.
  What a resume.
 Wow.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Indeed.
  I think I'm wrong.
 I don't think that is Sally Struthers is probably the biggest.
  Charlene Sinclair.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Steve Whitmire is Robbie.
  Mm hmm.
  Was he the voice though?  Oh, that's a good question.
  Not sure.
  No, no, he wasn't.
  You know what I always loved on the show was Earl's boss, who I just mentioned, Sherman Hemsley.
  Yes.
  Hemsley, Hemsley.
  You know, the way his, oh, it's not Florence Stanley was the grandma.
  I still get a waste of time.
 Sorry.
  Pretend you didn't hear any of that.
  But I always liked him.
  Mr.
 Richfield and he would scream.
  He was so hulking in that little office set.
  Yeah.
  Scream Sinclair from that little window.
  Yeah.
  And a legitimately terrifying looking character.
  I think I was scared of the show.
  It's kind of what I'm getting at.
  Because the show is scary.
  Like if I watch it now, I'm not scared of it, but I can see maybe in the same way that I was like afraid of earnest things.
  There was something like gross about it and fright, frightful to me.
  They're all huge.
  They're terrifying.
  They're giant dinosaurs.
  And the lips, I mean, like the puppetry is fantastic.
  Yeah, it's unbelievable.
  Much like the Ninja Turtles movies and it's kind of the same technology.
  Yeah.
  It's still like, it's still weird and analog and radio controlled and wonky.
  So those, at some point, those mouths are going to contort into a really bizarre shape.
  Some of it is animatronics.
  You saw something that like for at the time, this might have been the most expensive half hour episodes.
  God.
  Oh, man.
  I did.
  Yeah.
  I watched a making of, which was pretty fascinating, and they went straight to 13 episodes because to just do a pilot would have been seven million dollars for the one.
  So like, you know, those costs are spread out if you make a bunch of them.
  Kind of insane.
  This was just once they were that confident about something that could have just not worked.
  It went straight to 13.
  I think there was two things I think at play.
  One, this is like one of the very last things that like Henson had a hand in developing.
  Jim Henson had a hand in developing.
  The other I saw it mentioned that the immediate hit of the Simpsons executives were like, I guess people will take a chance on something weirder.
  Oh, and it looks different.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  That isn't the same old multicam that we've owned.
  But yeah.
  That's a big leap.
  And to do this, that kind of technology and these kind of suits on a TV scale as opposed to movies, which is kind of the only place they'd been done and still like sparingly.
  You're looking at more per episode.
  You got more suits than the Ninja Turtles movie.
  Oh, yeah.
  I can't imagine what a nightmare this was to put together.
  Yeah.
  Like you hear the elf stories just of one generally one puppet just with massive long shoot days.
  Actors just burned out.
  The puppet didn't quite work.
  This is a hand puppet.
  Yeah.
  It's a small puppet.
  And ultimately just pop up where it needs to be.
  Yeah.
  And like sometimes the guy in a suit.
  But yeah, like this is everybody's wearing a dinosaur suit.
  Yeah.
  And public.
  Yeah.
  I can't imagine how long some of these shoot days were.
  So it's like a lineup of people with the like telemetric.
  Yes.
  Like, you know, the it's it's so impossible to describe with a little like sleeve, but the little like it's like it looks like an undressed Kermit that you put your hands through.
  So you're still puppeting it like a sock puppet, but it's it's very advanced and radio controlled.
  So those signals are going into the face.
  That's a few feet away.
  So just turn the camera around besides even the set and how crazy it is.
  And they're running steam through it and everything has to be custom built.
  Yeah.
  And you're now pan over here and here's like seven guys all controlling different radio mouths.
  And they made sixty five of these.
  Yes.
  They're all in Disney Plus.
  You can watch these and they kind of look like shit because it seems like they ripped VHS tapes or like just really burned out.
  Did you beta masters?  These I think, yeah, whatever.
  Like they did not remaster.
  We've talked about this before in Disney Plus.
  Some of the things look like, oh, they really they made this look nice.
  And then some of the stuff and it's like it's inconsistent with Disney afternoon stuff because sometimes I forget which show it was, but you'll like watch a DuckTales or a Gummy Bears and you go, this looks like I taped it off TV 35 years ago.
  And then some like another show will be like kind of pristine quality in a way.
  I'm like it's random what looks good and what doesn't on that.
  They can't all be the beautifully done Baywatch remastered on it.
  Truly maybe the best looking really show.
  Yeah.
  The remaster process.
  I don't know who financed this.
  I don't know if this is out of Hasselhoff's pocket, but they went back to the film master.
  Wow.
  It looks stunning.
  It is bright and bold.
  You can tell that it was shot on film.
  It looks better than some movies that came out the same really impeccable remake makes it so watchable.
  The only thing I'm trying to think, I'm sure they've done other shows, but the only other ones they've done next generation and the original Star Trek have been like remastered and they went and cleaned up some visual effects and stuff.
  But then like we sold those on Blu-ray and DVD, but I was so much just Baywatch and those two.
  They just got to have the financing somewhere.
  I mean Seinfeld when you're watching Seinfeld on stream, that's like they went back because since that was shot on film, which was rare.
  Right.
  That's really the issue.
  I mean, this show must have been.
  Where was it?  I don't know if this is a dinosaur.
  It's a good question.
  Or film.
  I feel like it's probably crappy video.
  I mean, as we're talking about this, I am thinking about back to working in various like in media storage media vaults and how much people would just drop.
  Digivade like just drop tapes or HDR like the master tape like just shit.
  We get dropped or like accidentally or they accidentally.
  And then the original before means himself.
  Oh, I was pretty good.
  I was actually pretty.
  Except with have you ever seen a quarter inch tit like a it looks like a it's giant and it's like heavy and it kind of has a handle.
  Oh, I guess.
  I would like try it like put those on carts like that was.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah.
  Digivade like it went like quarter inch Digivade HDR like those were the stuff like the broadcast man.
  Like the broadcast masters and then some stuff you say I worked on the Star Trek remastering to it that company and they would could see and I was like, or I tracked all the like master like film reels and they were put them in a tele cinemabay to like redo the effects or redo timing and stuff on it dropped all of them and then dropped.
  The episode where data has sex you dropped on the floor.
  I was.
  Yeah, I assure you a lot of those canisters already looked like shit.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  So do you think that all of the dinosaurs episodes were dropped before they were?  I don't think stuff was well.
  Yeah.
  Like this is not exactly like you know, oh, they remastered all the Hitchcock movie.
  They remastered some Spielberg movies and stuff.
  The lesser film star, the lesser media remaster places.
  It's just like, we'll do it.
  It's just like throwing tapes to each other stooges.
  Yikes.
  And then like one bit of film gets caught on somebody's leg.
  So he starts running drags the other guy behind Muppets labs like beaker and Dr.
 Bunch and honey do try to remaster.
  We take the utmost care.
  Those devices.
  Incidentally, when I was describing the like gray puppets that go to the to the turtles faces, the dinosaurs faces in watching the behind the scenes, they're demonstrating one and they really quickly casually call it a Waldo.
  Oh, wow.
  That must refer to Waldo see graphic.
  Of course, the CGI character from a vision 3D.
  And it does.
  That's not a coincidence.
  But Waldo is named after the device.
  It's actually the other way.
  Right.
  That is how they got the lip sync for Waldo.
  And they like, you know, computer analyze that.
  But it's all based on some old short story about a disabled scientist named Waldo who got robotics to do what his body could no longer do.
  Really?  That is some story from the 30s or 40s.
  Interesting.
  That is why the device is a Waldo and why Waldo see graphic.
  Okay.
  It is a deep literary reference.
  That's interesting.
  Book.
  I might know that Muppets.
  I don't know the name of the book.
  I can't get you started.
  I don't care.
  No, no, no.
  If I learned all I need to learn.
  Waldo first showed up in like an 80s show, like a different.
  Yeah.
  He was not at the first appearance.
  Right.
  Was a different Henson thing.
  Yeah.
  So I, cause I don't want to even say what the name might have been.
  Was it called the Jim Henson hour?  If I get this wrong, we're getting big emails.
  Yeah, you're right.
  A lot of corrections and a number of them are from Griffin Newman.
  I'll let it this out.
  Cause I don't want Griffin to text us about the correct.
  I don't want to.
  We've weird.
  Yeah.
  I think he was in the Jim Henson hour.
  You're not going to hear the audience.
  You're not hearing this now because I've cut it out.
  You're not hearing it.
  Stop.
  Don't hear it.
  You can't.
  If I forgot, if I, if this is in, I forgot.
  I didn't even realize this is a Muppet show.
  We're making mistakes.
  You're right.
  Even knowing it.
  We've made like 20 mistakes.
  Cancel the episode.
  We get ourselves into this.
  Oh no, no, no.
  Okay.
  All right.
  Here's the facts that we know.
  Here's something that is notorious about dinosaurs.
  And it is the very bleak ending of our series where if you don't know fun  sitcom about dinosaur family,  hi Jinx and then in the final episode,  the ice age is beginning and everybody is looking out a window,  pensive and scared about the forthcoming ice age saying,  I don't know.
  I hope it turns out okay.
  And then it's just a sad news reporters signing off.
  And then the show never came back again.
  This is so Alf parallel.
  There's so many parallels.
  I feel like between Alf and Alf ends on a really scary, sad thing.
  Why are we murdering our pub?  And they're both like three season shows, I believe,  or maybe else a little longer,  but they're both kind of around the same length as far as I think,  which means for me and they're, yeah.
  And they're like, they were like hits,  but not Seinfeld like they couldn't last past.
  They're sort of like of the era.
  Yeah.
  And they could, yeah,  they didn't have like longevity to get them over that like syndicate five  seasons syndication.
  They are marker.
  Yeah.
  They both have like really sad endings.
  Dinosaur ended at four and I 94.
  No, four seasons.
  And I think was plagued by moving.
  Oh, you're right.
  It was moving airing nights a lot.
  Oh, it wasn't always on TGIF.
  I think it was sometimes, but those are, that was prime real estate.
  They're, they're kicking and trying to like launch crappier shows in those  slots.
  But I don't remember following it for years and years.
  Like I don't.
  Like it came out of the gate hot and just slowly cools much like the earth  cools around them.
  Yeah.
  It does.
  I would feel like it, like this was,  that's what I'm saying when you go Bart Michelangelo baby Sinclair,  it seems weird now because Bart and Michelangelo have arrived in various forms.
  I get what you're saying.
  I don't disagree with that because I, I, again,  I wanted to really like this and I would watch it,  but I was too big of a baby.
 I was too, I guess,  or something like that.
  Scary to look at and weird little like when they,  when they like had creatures around who they were in the house just for them to  eat.
  Yeah.
  And then they spoke in British accents and they were kind of like pleading.
  Yeah.
  That bothered me weird.
  I, I'll say this.
  NECA showed off at Comic-Con last year that they are doing baby Sinclair  and Earl figures.
  Oh,  they look fantastic.
  I'm so excited.
  I'm probably going to buy them.
  Even though you were,  it doesn't like take you back to some phantom.
  Well, it might, but I also have a, I have a Hellraiser, NECA Hellraiser toy.
  I have Pinhead in my office.
  The NECA is how you face your fears.
  That's right.
  You got Pinhead.
  I got a, a, the Xenomorph too,  which I was terrified of.
  NECA has so many things to show you a world beyond pleasure and pain,  you know,  just like Pinhead himself.
  Oh yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Catch.
  That's a catch ray.
  Yeah.
  I think that's every current catch phrase.
  And then I would like you guys to watch,  um, um,  Hellraiser two and see how far you can get.
  Oh, I tried Hellraiser one once and I got,  I didn't think boredom would be the problem with already.
  Did you make it to the flesh tearing?  No.
  Oh wow.
  Hellraiser one.
  Yeah.
  I can see there's some, it's a little sleepy early on,  but also again, I've said it many times.
  I fall asleep.
  So,  Oh yeah.
  I'm fresh from it.
  It taking me three nights to finish the Brendan Fraser,  Albert Brooks vehicle, the scouts.
  Oh wow.
  The scouts of the scout for me.
  I would like to see if you could,  the dense film that I could not,  but my brain could not possibly handle.
  There's some scene.
  I'm so tired.
  Oh, I'd love to see both of you guys do make it through Hellraiser two though,  cause there are so gross.
  I heard the TV show, the Hulu show got pretty good reviews.
  Yeah.
  But it feels too,  that felt too like nice to me.
  Well, that's beside the point and not grow.
  It felt like it wasn't gross.
  Cause the first two hellraisers gross, very gross.
  That's a big part of it is seeing closeups of skin tearing.
  If I could keep us on the point of gross.
  Yes.
  And I'm going to, we're going to start heading to,  I think what we didn't say at the top is that we did not,  there were, we're talking about any of this.
  There was a dinosaurs show parade combo of both.
  Yeah.
  So float checked neither box in a way.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There was a Disney MGM studios.
  The attraction of some kinds.
  It was on the map.
  But I'm, I'm starting.
  What I'm heading to now is the Disney company association with this  series.
  And there's a very important piece of media.
  With one of our,  one of our favorites.
  I will play you this now.
  Baby Sinclair.
  What are you doing?  My chair.
  Number one.
  And two.
  You know what?  Baby Sinclair.
  My gift to you.
  Thanks Mike.
  By the way.
  Michael eyes, baby Sinclair.
  Pisses and shits and Michael Eisner's chair.
  That's an affront to all of us.
  That's the most, that's the more important chair in the office.
  I'm mad about that actually.
  Now I'm not mad.
  I'm just, I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I'm just,  I frança,  I transluc,  I abdominus.
  What were you thinking about that actually?  Now I'm not going to get the baby Sinclair.
  Yeah, I probably saw that at the time.
  And that made me uncomfortable.
  The disrespect.
  And the disrespect continues.
  Because.
  What I think?  I think this.
  Clip.
  He.
  By the way.
  What?  Just the.
  Like.
  The,  what's the joke there?  Number one and number ten.
  Then he just makes a big effort face.
  Walt would be horrified by that.
  Yeah.
  Willy wears a diaper.
  Baby Sinclair has a little diaper on.
  But Jason, look as a father, as a daddy, you know.
  That pee and poop doesn't always stay in that diaper.
  Oh, sure.
  That can leak out.
  You can have what's called a blowout.
  I bet.
  I think baby Sinclair is causing blowouts on purpose.
  I think so too.
  Yes.
  Baby Sinclair aware that if the,  if there's enough propulsion with that.
  That's coming out the diaper.
  That's coming out the leg.
  That's coming out the back.
  He, this character, he comes out of the way he,  his egg cracks and then he's just talking and insulting Earl in episode one.
  So I, I am sure he had very precise poop control.
  Yeah.
  So the joke here is that Michael is going to let him keep his chair.
  Yeah.
  Because it's covered in feces and urine.
  Yeah.
  If he knows what's good for him,  he wants to try and litigate against the screen actor skill.
  They'll tear him apart.
  So the second half of this,  and this is it'll get more disrespects to our favorite Mr.
  Eisner.
  So he,  here's the catch phrase in motion,  which,  you know,  usually it's his father Earl in this position,  but he smacks Eisner in the head with his very thick bottle.
  It's a sizable bottle.
  It's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  it's a very,  This is it.
  It's a very,  it's a very big one.
  Not a glass bottle.
  That's a sizable bottle.
  Yeah.
  But really the star of this entire sequence is what is coming,  which is some of the best Eisner acting.
  I've ever heard.
  Actually.
  One of the stars and see his angel lands.
  She's seeing the title song from our new animated film.
  Beauty and the beast.
  Shameless plug.
  Shameless plug.
  I mean, that's a funny bit.
  Yeah.
  I'm seeing stars.
  And one of the stars I'm seeing.
  No transition to the actual stars.
  I'm seeing insane clown posse, the hot new act on our Hollywood.
  Records label.
  Wow.
  That's great.
  One of the stars powder, the star of promising new film from promising producer,  Harvey Weinstein.
  Angela lands.
  Potter is not phenomenal.
  In her chilling role as Lawrence Harvey's mother in the Manchurian candidate tonight  on the wonderful world.
  There is something Michael seems again, Michael wants to perform,  but also there seems like he was one take and he was out.
  And maybe that's wrong.
  Maybe you tried a lot because we obviously see you have seen out takes.
  So we know we had to do other takes.
  But well, I think the rumor is that in an early 30 rock where Jack Donaghy has to do  like a litany, it's a really basic performance and he's there all day.
  Right.
  It's so it's such a process to get it.
  And I think that is maybe based on Michael Eisner.
  OK, I think possibly.
  But he want like that's what he has the interview show after doing this,  like he wants to be on camera.
  There was a desire for him to do that.
  And I wonder if he would just come on our podcast if we could get to the root of this.
  If he if we can convey that we will not ask anything hard,  we it is going to be about his performance.
  This is essentially inside the actor studio with this guy.
  We're just going to go.
  We're going to play clips.
  We're going to ask what he remembers about that day.
  Yeah, right.
  Is it an honor to work with Baby Sinclair?  Right.
  You got to you were he performed with how many people on this earth got to perform  with Jim Henson doing Kermit the Frog?  Not that I mean, the positions he was in or Frank Oz doing Fozzie.
  Yeah, I know.
  He got like, you know, astounding experiences.
  That's what I want to ask about.
  Right.
  Yes.
  We want to give him the biggest softball interview of all time.
  This ball softest ball we are.
  And we will roll it softly to him or the ball doesn't have to go anywhere.
  If he says something like, you know, and, you know, a little disappointed in California  Ventures started out like, no, sir, no, it's great.
  Don't wait.
  She's down like that.
  It was great.
  Leave that to there's a guy named Kevin Perger.
  Leave the leave the shit talking of you to him.
  We'll give you is we don't want to hear them, but I just felt like there's some problem.
  You know, some of the films were no, the films.
  What are you kidding me?  We love the films.
  Have you revisited Jungle to Jungle lately?  It holds on.
  Go to Joe.
  It's better than the original French movie, French movie with Gerard Parto.
  I think maybe your French movies are better than the three men and a baby.
  Oh, man.
  If Gryffindorff's tribe was based on a French movie, I'm sure it was better than that.
  Yeah, he he shows up.
  I was watching some interview with Leonard Nimoy and Shatner and some Star Trek.
  And they're, of course, talking about Star Trek coming back in the movies.
  And they have talked about Eisner because he was a paramount back then.
  Oh, yeah.
 He was a big part of that.
  He factored into while I was on Ram Perez's podcast, Mama Needs a Movie, we talked about Mommy Dearest.
  They surely talk about dinosaurs with what would not the mama.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  But Meisner had to green light that film.
  Mommy Dearest was given to us essentially by Michael Eisner.
  Wow.
 Thank you, sir.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Come here so we can thank you.
  We just want to thank you.
  Come to the garage.
  I just want to thank you for giving us the best parks of our lives.
  We'll sing that song to him.
  Not with the Stan lyrics.
  They're mean and dark.
  The good ones.
 Yeah.
  OK, to start getting us into the Disney MGM studios, I would like to show you guys this photograph.
  This was going around recently on on Twitter.
  I feel like somebody just kind of I mean, in illustrating the vibe of Disney MGM studios in those early years.
  And this this really does tell you just the like collision of pop culture that we are looking here is a group photo studio gate.
  And in this photo, the Ninja Turtles with April O'Neill, Roger Rabbit, Beauty and the Beast, a bunch of Star Wars, Chewbacca,  C3PO and a new couple of walks, Little Mermaid and Eric, Indiana Jones and then the dinosaurs.
  I like I mean that they fit in this group that I wouldn't have I would never would have questioned that seeing that at this age.
  Of course, of course, they're in there.
  Yeah, they're icons and they always will be.
  But but in general, also this you talk about great stuff Eisner gave us.
  I mean, this like I, Aaron is sometimes like, I don't understand this park.
  It's kind of a hodgepodge.
  I don't read.
  I think you had to be there.
  There was a time for a couple of years.
  This photo tells you everything that's missing from the park and it'll never be back.
  You know, we talk a lot about sort of that Epcot feeling that's gone that will never come back.
  And we have talked about this a little bit, but maybe I feel like maybe we haven't underlined it.
  And this photo is the perfect representation of being a little kid.
  And when this park was new and feeling like this chaotic photo of all these characters, yeah, was the magic of Disney's MGM studios.
  On a personal note, also like my my early vacay, I had wonderful vacations with my my family always.
  But they were often driven by like golf and my dad wanting to golf and go to golf resorts.
  So I would always have fun as a kid, but I would find myself like this is kind of a dry place to be.
  Sure.
 I mean, I'll make do, but it's a little so there'd be vacations where like, OK, they have a pool.
  I guess that's good.
 OK, I'm sorry.
  Where's the next vacation taking us?  A place where the Ninja Turtles and the dinosaurs and Chewbacca.
  Like, yes.
 Why do we ever go anywhere but here?  Yeah, I completely feel that looking at this.
  Yes, I know.
 And that's what that's missing now from that place.
  Yeah, it's like, I guess what like you want to see the mysterious Benedict Society?  You want to see Will Trent?  You want to see them all in one?  I want to see the modern family.
  I want to see them at Disney's Hollywood.
  That's right.
 Yeah, they're nowhere to be found.
  The modern family are not there.
  There should be a family.
  They own every character.
 Right.
  This is a mere fraction of what they own today.
  They aren't due.
 It's not the big, silly mismatchy pile.
  And then, of course, a couple of characters that they don't own, and I'm not sure why they're there.
  Right.
 That's an important part of it, too.
  Well, that was you talk about that.
  And I think the characters they didn't own like turtles and stuff being in there, that made it more as a kid.
  I was like, they're all here.
 Everyone's here.
 All of my favorites are here.
  Yes.
 And new stuff.
 That's the important part of it.
  Stuff that's just open or just coming out or going to come out.
  It wasn't just classic characters.
 It was stuff that felt new and relevant.
  And they were all there.
 All the friends were there.
  And again, outside of Marvel with new stuff from the shows popping up, it's like there's not really.
.
.
  That's probably how you feel now.
 If you're very into every Marvel show.
  Every week and then.
.
.
  Yeah.
 But it's still it's within the universe.
 You're not seeing this fun mashup of turning the corner.
  Nowhere to be found in the parks is the character on Obi-Wan played by Flea.
  Where has he been? I haven't seen him anywhere.
  I hear you.
  Vect NoCrew.
  Where's Vect NoCrew?  I wish.
 I feel disgraced.
 I'm like that I didn't know Vex's name.
  I did have to look it up.
  I saw the show.
  I'll never forget it now.
  Vex, yeah.
  Vex NoCrew and his famous modern shirt and modern jacket and no signifiers that he's anything but regular flea.
  Vex No Park presence.
  Yeah.
 So that, yeah, seeing this and then watching the video of the dinosaurs, it's like it would be interesting.
  Obviously there was, I don't know, it feels more fun back then the newer characters.
  But what a version of that now would be if you were a kid, I guess Bluey would be there.
  Bluey, the Navi, all the Avengers.
  That's good.
 Right.
  And it would be like cheaper looking Avengers.
  It wouldn't be like recreations of the clothes.
  It would be like the Avengers.
  They look a little goofy.
  There's somebody blue and like just their shoes are a little bit like have a lift in them, but they're not that tall.
  And that's comforting.
  If you're a nervous child, it's comforting that they look a little shit.
  It looks too good.
  Yes.
  The events of the movie might break out around you.
  Right.
 And then Grey's Anatomy characters are also there.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's on ABC, I think.
  Yeah.
  That's still running.
  Modern Family is over, so I guess it wouldn't be the Modern Family.
  But yeah, that's blackish.
  Yes.
 There you go.
  And I haven't watched television forever, apparently, so I can't remember any other shows.
  Is Abbott Elementary on ABC?  It's on ABC, but it's streaming on HBO Max.
  Well, I can't talk about I can't get into that now.
  That's too confusing.
  But yeah.
  I want Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel.
  I want to walk around Guillermo.
  What about that? Yes.
  They should do that, actually.
  Honestly, they should.
  They should.
  There should be some sort of Kimmel presence in the Disney and Hollywood studios because that's their talk show guy.
  They have.
 They finally have.
  Oh, God.
 Yeah.
  Why have they? How have they not made him host some bad attraction?  Yeah, there's so many things in the past where they would have an ABC Stu Carey or whatever.
  They had David Letterman in the pre-show of that sound show.
  Yeah, they've had all the characters.
 They've had Stephen Webber host something.
  I mean, they've had so many different stars that have been on the show.
  The dinosaur parade that becomes a street show ran from September 1991 to August 1992,  which I say because I was there in November 1991 and definitely was very thrilled to see the hit dinosaur.
  This was a big trip where it's like my family and my grandparents and we all stayed at the Polynesian.
  This was an exciting trip.
  Yeah.
  And probably I was watching a few versions of this show and I was like,  Oh, my God, is this imprinted in my head like some earliest memories?  Because I think as they're coming down, like musical memories, as they're coming down to Hollywood Boulevard,  I think it's like an uptempo instrumental version of I Got Rhythm,  which is a standard that like Ella Fitzgerald sang.
 Gene Kelly did it in an American Got Paris.
  And then in front of Grailman's Chinese theater, they do, was it Walk the Dinosaur?  The hit song Walk the Dinosaur.
  The hit song Walk the Dinosaur.
  I guess that is a recent song for then because when's that song?  That's from like it was like 89 maybe.
  89 in America.
  And in America only.
  I know it was released in Europe like before.
  Oh, yeah.
  I'm just joking.
  But like that song just has stuck with me for like every now and then I'll just come into my head.
  And like I had to remind myself getting ready for this episode.
  I was like, was that for the show? No, it was a single.
  It was a hit single by Was Not Was.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, we're now we're here.
  We're in Don Was territory.
  Oh, man.
  I'm excited.
  Is it a five timers that I said I saw him at a concert once?  I don't remember.
  I feel like just his name being said is a five timer.
  I believe I saw him at a Wilco show.
  He was in the lobby and I go, Oh, my God, it's Don Was.
  Now, how many listeners know who this is?  I don't know.
  Well, he wrote this song.
  He wrote Walk the Dinosaur, which is the basis of this show.
  And he produced my favorite Bare Naked Ladies album, which I'm sure I've said this before on the show.
  Yes.
  Is that why you care about Don Was?  That's certainly the first time I heard about him.
  But then once I learned he's like a kind of a character, an ancillary character in Rock It's Not Ancillary.
  I want to diminish his contributions.
  Well, and that thing we talk about where the aging rockers look progressively more insane with all of their distractions and dyed black hair that you know is not right.
  And how are we styling the hair?  And how many layers are we wearing?  Scarves?  How many scarves?  All of Depp's moves.
  Don Was is one of the craziest looking people there is.
  Insane.
  That's probably why I was like, Who's that?  Oh, I like that's why I recognized him, I think, at the time, because he is very unique or specific looking, I guess.
  Yeah.
  Did you know Little Steven from the E Street Band, they're on tour.
  He I think a couple of concerts go dressed in full pirate outfit, full big pirate hat, full big coat.
  It's kind of amazing that hadn't happened.
  I know, right?  Yeah.
  He's like halfway there at those bandanas.
  Yeah.
  He's like, I'm going to go ahead, you know.
  But yeah, he posted a photo of it.
  And I'm like, Yeah, why not?  I this song Walk the Dinosaur, I do I feel like it's kind of in that lane with Hot Hot Hot, where it's as much of a recent hit song as Disney's willing to use.
  And it's almost impressive that they were doing any music from within the decade.
  But the song itself, I have always struggled with.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Do you do you like Walk the Dinosaur?  I think I like it.
  Yeah, I know I like it, but I don't like love.
  I'm not going to throw myself.
  I'm not going to protect it like any of the songs on Bare Naked Ladies Maroon.
  But yeah, I think I like it.
  I think it's just such a like it feels like it's a song for babies.
  It makes sense.
  They use it in the theme parks.
  Yeah, it makes sense that I loved it at six years old.
  You know, there's the only thing that imprint imprinted more was the Gloria Estefan and the Miami Sound Machine song, Kanga, because that was played all over the parks, I feel like.
  And was like in I think was done for the Caribbean Beach opening.
  It was in a parade or was in some Disney show where like all the characters are on the beach.
  OK.
  So they grab sort of recent.
  Yeah, there were three songs.
  Yeah, they were they felt comfortable with.
  Yeah, I well look, if you this show, if you haven't seen a video of what we're describing, it pretty much hinges on your enjoyment of Walk the Dinosaur because it is played for.
  Yeah, about 10 straight minutes.
  You better be into.
  Chorus specifically.
  I hope you only kind of like the verses in the bridge.
  Yeah.
  Or the pre chorus or whatever, because you will hear over that.
  It is the show.
  I'm going to let me Cliff notes version of the show without getting into the character dynamics and why they're there.
  There is a big double decker bus.
  Most of the dinosaurs are on top.
  The grandma is on the bottom.
  The bus takes a long time to come from the airy.
  Yeah.
  The bus is in front of the Chinese theater.
  Once it arrives, there is a performance of a lyrically modified Walk the Dinosaur.
  Then the same long path is taken for the bus to get out of there and go backstage and the chorus of Walk the Dinosaur is played the entire time.
  We just gave a lot of praise to like the early five of this park.
  I'm watching a video of this.
  I feel about this.
  Hey, the Viograd.
  The idea.
  What I like is the picture.
  I like the picture.
  This show seems a little trying to me, but only Jason would know I didn't see it live.
  I don't think I did.
  You believe you did, though.
  I think you'd I think I did.
  I would have been there.
  I'm sure someone would have looked at a map and went, oh, the dinosaurs.
  We watched it.
  Yeah, let's see what that is.
  And like that was you made you one of your relatives sound very dumb.
  I thought the dinosaurs there was we watched that show.
  I'm just trying to imagine the synopsis, you know, and just trying to give me watch that me watch that we go now.
  Oh, the kids are like the kids are like this.
  It was a tribute to the show.
  Yeah, right.
  Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure I would have seen.
  I mean, like all of the stuff that we like, I mean, this park, the selling point of this park, it all worked on me.
  Like for like young kids, like all those cartoons, all the ABC shows, they're all here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The show.
  It's it's not nearly as good as the Ace Ventura Hollywood Studios show.
  I disagree with that.
  I thought that was dog shit.
  I don't like the Ace Ventura show, but I think there's more of what you would want from Ace Ventura in that show.
  He repulsed on a building.
  There's some animal antics.
  I'm not saying this is one of the greatest team parks as Ventura is, but I think that you get more of what you would want from that show.
  It's a little longer.
  There were different versions of it.
  This is like a dressed up parade float.
  Yeah, it is.
  It's like a brief parade.
  But you know what?  You get those suits, you get weird, creepy versions of the dinosaur.
  I know I just said I didn't feel great about the show, but you just brought up what I think is one of the worst things we've ever talked about.
  The Ace Ventura show?  I thought that show was terrible.
  Well, I'm not going to defend the show as not being terrible, but I do think it's better than this.
  Hmm, Jason.
  Well, I know I think this delivers on the prop.
  Like the suits look pretty close to the, you know, TV show suits.
  And they're kind of far away.
  I guess you could get close and it would look cool.
  Baby Sinclair says not the mama.
  Like it's everything you want.
  Yeah, there's quips and it's a puppet.
  He's being done puppet wise and then there's suits and they dance.
  You get a big, I think just the scale you get.
  It's puppets, it's suits, it's a big bus.
  You've just swung me back.
  That's how much I hated that Ace Ventura show.
  I turned it right around.
  Yeah.
  I feel like that was a show.
  It was a show.
  We were like deep pandemic and I, we finished that and I'm like, there's a miserable time.
  And we just talked about a miserable show.
  We got it.
  We got to cheer up.
  It was a bad, it's a bad show, but I do think it fulfills the promise of an Ace Ventura show.
  I don't know.
  I want, oh, here's the difference though.
  I don't want an Ace Ventura show.
  I want a dinosaur show and I'll settle for a bad.
  I'll settle for one that I just a few minutes ago said I didn't think was good.
  It still gives me joy more than this kind of slow crawl down a rope and there's one bird in a window.
  I really hated it.
  There's a toilet joke in that Ace Ventura show.
  And like that, you shouldn't have either.
  All right.
  This show has also, I said it at the top, but Babies and Claire says, I'm ready for my closeup.
  Mr.
 DeMille.
  It's a Sunset Boulevard joke in the sun.
  It's a joke in a Hollywood theme park.
  And the crowd, I say, I bring that up because it gets a big response.
  You can hear people laughing in like the home movie copies of this show.
  How many people do you think?  I don't know.
  No, it seems like it plays really well.
  It seems like a baby would play well.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  Play well.
  And so that's also a phrase that I was saying for years.
  Well, really?  And also I watched, I watched.
  So annoying.
  It is very annoying.
  Like your parents.
  Stop saying it.
  And I watched Sunset Boulevard at like 11 or 12.
  You know, I stayed inside on a nice summer day because I was like Turner Classic Movies is showing Sunset Boulevard next.
  And the line is actually the other way around.
  Mr.
 DeMille.
  I'm ready for my closeup.
  But one of those remembered.
  It's like I'm ready for my father.
  They're not.
  Beam me up Scotty.
  That's not what he said.
  It isn't?  No.
  Did he never say that?  I don't believe he ever said beam me up Scotty.
  That's really?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  People said that to me my whole life.
  Oh, they did?  Oh, really?  Of course.
  Yes.
  Oh, yeah.
  How can we bother this guy named Scott by saying that?  And it did bother you.
  Yeah.
  What am I supposed to say that?  I have no response to this.
  Play it again, Sam.
  Probably the most famous one.
  He doesn't say play it again, Sam.
  Ingrid Bergman says play it, play as time goes by.
  Yeah.
  Beam me up Scotty.
  Catchphrase a misquotation that made its way in the popular culture.
  Wow.
  You should have just thrown that in people's face.
  Actually, that would have really gone over well.
  Excuse me.
  I would like to correct you on the phrase you're using.
  You're thinking.
  That was never said.
  So it's irrelevant.
  I got to do something else.
  Do say to Everest.
  I don't know how we've gone this long without talking about this.
  This is with all the movie studio theme parks out there.
  I think I'm ready for my closeup.
  Mr.
 Dimmill is a tent pole.
  How many?  Yeah.
  And I couldn't tell you where, but like, don't you hear?  I'd like, I feel like I've probably heard that a hundred times.
  Yeah.
  I don't even know in what I didn't like any of them.
  Yeah.
  But that's such a, and it's still said this long after such simple part,  this long after anybody really knowing what Mr.
 Dimmill did.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  I think that's probably like I'm bugs bunny is I feel like he has said it many times.
  I could be wrong.
  Oh, sure.
  Um, yeah, I would, I would believe almost any character said that at one point.
  Did Michael Angelo say that on the original animated TV show, Ninja Turtle show?  Probably.
  I don't know.
  Of a similar piece, uh, uh, you mentioned movie studio based theme parks.
  This is a thing I love in movies, studio theme parks, the fake camera truck.
  There was a fake camera truck.
  Yeah.
  As if they're filming, driving ahead of the parade float.
  This is still, you can still see the fake camera rig at the Indiana Jones stunt show.
  Oh, that's the same one in the early days.
  Yeah.
  It's still an ancient like film reel.
  We don't.
  Yeah.
  Ignore that.
  Like you can film car, see moving scenes with little cameras with like phones.
  And there's also the more you think about that stunt show, you're like, wait, I, has  anyone mentioned the phrase Steven Spielberg or George Lucas?  Steven Spielberg might be set at some point, but you're concerned that they aren't using  their name.
  I feel like it doesn't come up.
  You mean like you're shooting the movie?  They're shooting the movie.
  So you think like somebody should be playing Spielberg in the Indiana Jones stunt show?  Yeah.
  In theory, cause they're shooting in rapid sequence.
  All the set pieces of the movie.
  Who's the Fableman's?  Who's good?  Do you have that kid?  Is the kid, when he gets older, there's a sigh Fableman, but I don't remember if that's  the kid.
  Oh, I can't remember.
  I get, I only, all I got, I haven't watched Fableman yet.
  Vect no crew.
  Vect no crew is the most important name to know after this episode, but that's an interesting  point.
  Yeah.
  I mean, Spielberg though, probably with the universal association, he can't be represented  in a Disney park.
  Sammy Fableman.
  Sammy Fableman.
  You're thinking of Cy Abelman from a serious man.
  Oh, you're right.
  From the Cohen brothers movie.
  Yeah, I don't think there is a Cy Fableman.
  Cy Abelman is the great character from, he goes, we're going to be fine.
  We're going to be fine.
  You're going to be fine.
  We're going to be fine.
  We're whatever.
  Cy Abelman is not Cy Fableman.
  There is no such thing as Cy Fableman.
  Cy Fableman is really good.
  I wonder if somebody could see why.
  Cy Abelman.
  I let me, okay.
  I described the parade route, but now let me say the premise of the show.
  The premise of the show is every day at Disney MGM studios, there is a event called surprise  family of the day.
  That's all that always happens.
  Probably mostly regular families could be yours on a different day, but today it's the  Sinclair family who are dinosaurs and who are as acknowledged in the show from the hit  series dinosaurs.
  So they are alive today, happened to be vacationing in Disney MGM studios have become the stars  of a show that would not normally star them.
  Right.
  Yet there is an original song that they sing about being dinosaurs and about the show having  picked dinosaurs that is ready to go.
  The music is loaded up and on all the park loudspeakers.
  This is also being filmed.
  It's a movie studio park and this is important.
  Camera truck as Jason mentioned.
  I think there's a big crane.
  So it's a parade that's being filmed with accidental contest winners who happen to be  the stars of dinosaurs.
  No, I don't know how they're alive today.
  And at the end they say, and that's a wrap.
  How many premises did I just say?  Four?  It seems like four.
  Got a lot going on here.
  A lot going on and like two.
  Yeah.
  Well, they could have just been family of the day and there's the dinosaurs and who  cares or don't do.
  Why is it family?  The word doesn't.
  Here's the dinosaurs.
  Everyone.
  So here's the dinosaurs is fine.
  And they sing a song and then he baby Sinclair says something and he leaves the dinosaurs  are here today.
  Could have been the name of it.
  I think that's right.
  Yeah.
  I would have accepted that.
  Yes.
  I don't know why they're competing premises and I don't know why they're around.
  I saw them die.
  I watched.
  Hey, they were thriving with this.
  See, bark show is going on.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  That was before they're down.
  No, they were season schedule.
  These are we need to make a note.
  If we ever talk to one of these older imagineers again, Tony back to Joe Roe or Joe Joe Roy  or something, we have to ask about stuff like this.
  Yeah.
  Has this ever come across your desk?  Who would have decided on the premise for the dinosaur float attraction that would like  pop in and out?  Did you?  Did you even know?  Were you aware of it?  This is a different department.
  Like I have so many questions about this type of entertainment in the parks.
  Little nitty gritty.
  Does he never hear anything about ace Ventura show or this show?  I think Bob Weiss was a big part of this getting this park open and running.
  Great.
  So he would be the.
  Yeah.
  So we'll get this major imagineering and not ask him about the dinosaurs show.
  Do we even know the name of it?  I guess we'll have to by the time this comes out.
  Is it called dinosaurs live?  What is the YouTube called?  I believe it was called dinosaurs.
  There's a few ones.
  Yeah, there's it's not something that is it is.
  There's live excavation.
  There's live.
  Don't forget the excavation point.
  Yeah, because it's exciting.
  Yeah, so you can't Google it because you search dinosaurs live and it's all these current  things with Jurassic World.
  Oh, man.
  No footprint for this.
  It's all like insane money laundering schemes to like fill anchor stores and dying malls.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, I loved dinosaurs and whatever mall that was in the South.
  Oh, yeah.
  A lot of dinosaur stuff.
  Dinosaur is live.
  Listener, I'm sorry I didn't know the name of it and you're this deep into an episode.
  You know how these things go.
  You're not going to look at the video anyway.
  If you're listening, I mean, maybe you will.
  Maybe you've pulled it up at this point, but it's not there's not much by the guy we know.
  Yes, that's right.
  By Ian.
 Yeah.
  He was his last name.
  But Kebani.
 Kebani.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
  Well, he's he posted his old home.
  Oh, yeah.
  And what if I'm looking at a video and like, wait a minute.
  Yes, he posted it.
  I have not asked him about it.
  Thanks for posting it.
  It was very helpful.
  Very good quality home movies.
  Like, yes.
  Yeah.
 Good rip.
  Better transfer in these sorry ass transfer houses early, slipping on the tapes.
  Yeah.
  And everyone.
 But Jason is clanging them around,  tossing them out the window,  slow and hot soup on  brother beloved episodes of Next Generation.
  Look, the the staff of a lot of these post houses,  you know, the lower rungs at some of these places, it's a mix of recent college graduates.
  Thank you for thankful for any job during a recession time and a lot of burnouts.
  Oh, boy.
 A lot of burnout.
  Jason's calling you out.
  Yeah.
 Calling burnouts out.
  I was trying to think like, like, what what do I want from dinosaurs,  from a cheapish thing that you could pop up in a park like this?  Like, what do I want from it?  And I think I want really what I want is some sort of a room that you can walk in  and they're just in there.
  Yeah, you can see them for a little bit.
  I'd rather do a meet and greet for sure.
  Yeah.
 Even if I don't get to like take a picture with them,  just getting to be in like a weird Stone Age kind of room and just see them.
  I think it could be 45 seconds.
  And that's going to give me what I want closer to what I want.
  You know, if somebody's really mean when the 45 seconds is up.
  Yeah, somebody really ushers me out and I get in trouble if I stay too long.
  Yeah, I think that would be.
  You're in trouble.
 Tell your mom.
  OK, I'll know if you don't tell.
  I do have because I think I was there in like 91 and 92.
  I have pictures with a walk around beast.
  OK, a giant walk around beast.
  Pictures with the Ninja Turtles of thrilling.
  Oh, yeah.
 Stars of stage and screen.
  But I feel like there was a I don't I.
  Maybe this is a thing in general where it's like  bringing stuff that's really current.
  It's very they're not going to build the tickets when something's new.
  It's a TV show, especially.
  It's got to really now go.
  We got like Guardians is kind of almost a fluke, I feel like,  because that would that's fairly new as far as I know.
  And it came together fast.
 Yeah.
  But it's like there should be spaces for  current stuff in the parks to set up like a little maze  or a little meet and greet that looks thematically like it.
  Well, that's what Disney Mickey's Starland was.
 Yes.
  That was a space for like little kind of themed facades  where you could meet the Disney afternoon character  and they could slide those in and out.
  So that did fulfill.
  And at the time where we needed it the most, of course,  we really wanted to meet Darkwing Duck.
 Yes.
  So because you can get otter stuff if it's not  you don't have to build something elaborate.
  But I want to.
 Yeah, I want to go in like Earl's boss's office.
  And I think they could do that.
 That wouldn't be too expensive.
  Yeah.
 You don't have to have his boss in there.
  Did this they just have the bus already?  Is that why they're on a bus? For sure.
  Definitely.
 That was why the family of the day theme, because in a  if the if it's like the dinosaurs parade,  then you expect it to look like rocks.
  Yeah, this is the way they can get away with.
  They're just on a like a iron.
  Yeah, it is an old double decker from Magic Kingdom.
  I was going to say it's definitely from a parade of Magic Kingdom, right?  Yeah, I think so.
  That was my first thought when I saw it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But they would do more parades at NGM Studios in the early days.
  So I got to go.
  Now I want to look up pictures and see like, OK, the dinosaurs are off.
  Aladdin and friends are on.
 Yeah.
  Hercules and friends are on.
  There was definitely a Hercules like victory parade.
  I feel like it was a weird way to phrase it.
  But victory parade.
  It's something like that of celebration or it's good, though.
  That was very that was pretty heavily themed.
  I think a lot of new stuff at that  is supposed to just throw on the dinosaur.
  But is this not I kind of hadn't put it together.
  It's recent characters from TV, not film.
  And you don't get too close to them, but they're up on a second story  and they wave at you.
  This is Avengers campus.
  This show invented Avengers.
  Oh, you're right.
 Yeah.
  There's a little balcony.
  New characters wave at you.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And they do a little show up there.
  Uh huh.
 Now, do I wish that the Hawkeye and  I can't name any more  Hawkeye and Thor are dancing to walk the dinosaur?  Of course.
 Oh, yes.
  Oh, that big Hulk, a big helmet Hulk had done walk like in the dinosaur.
  That the thing they announced, which is the joke from Hawkeye,  that the musical thing in the old Frozen and the old Aladdin theater.
  Rogers.
 Yeah.
  Rogers, a musical, which is a kind of a parody of.
  We're talking about Mark Shaman again here.
  Yeah.
 A parody of musicals.
  It's it's close to what I want with characters dancing to  the dinosaurs, do the whatever, walk the dinosaur.
  You think so? You think it'll be like as silly as that?  Well, the show is it's a big over the top musical of like  how the battle and the first Avengers went.
  OK, and it's very like like silly and then Broadway style.
  Like and the joke is Hawkeye hates it.
  Yeah, he's like, Joe, that's funny.
  The joke is Hawkeye is like, this is annoying to me.
  How over the top this is and like Hulk and like he looks just like Broadway  man dressed as Hulk and stuff.
  I think Hawkeye is honestly my favorite of all the Disney plus Marvel shows.
  But that's close to having some fun.
  I will I give them that credit because we really just want  what I really want is a hyperspace hoopla with the Marvel characters.
  When the lights go down, I want them to twerking to new music.
  But this is pretty close to having some fun.
  I will give them that.
 Yeah.
  Uh huh.
 And it's got to be like it's not they have to make new stuff for it.
  Unless it's only going to be like a five minute show.
  No, I think it's long.
  No, right.
 I think it's going to be long.
  I'm saying they have to write new stuff.
  So we'll see what it is.
  Maybe they'll go sincere, which I hope they don't.
  Yeah, they need to.
  I mean, well, this is a good this is a step in the right direction.
  And as somebody who was not  blown away by a film called The Eternals, OK,  somebody who, let's say, didn't understand for one millisecond  what I was watching or why, why anyone would find any of this interesting.
  I might change my tune a little bit if they if they got a little  into some musical mischief.
  Kingo is singing.
  You know, it's possible.
  If Kingo's Singo's.
  Yes, that's the show.
  That's the show.
 That's the show.
  He's not even on Kingo's Singo.
  Maybe that'll be the other characters from the other movies.
  Then they can make up new songs.
  I am the king of wishful thinking.
  See, that's yeah, that's what I want.
  I want like parody, Marvel.
  I refuse to give in to Thanos.
  That's not how it's going to be.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah.
  OK, imagine hyperspace hoopla.
  Yeah, we talked about this.
  If listeners, if you go go back, this is on a Patreon  where Star Wars characters would twerk to new like newer songs  and then, you know, like beat it or something.
  Beat it.
 You know, something newer.
  I say new, I mean, last 40 years.
  Oh, Mickey dances.
  Don't they all come out and dance to Gangnam Style?  I don't know.
 Of course, of course, of course, Jason.
  We're joking.
 Yeah, it's it's a piece of work.
  Yes.
 But imagine hyperspace hoopla and then like they will baby  Sinclair out at the end.
  I mean, that's fantastic.
  Sorry.
 Wait, I'm lost.
  What are we?  Is this hyperspace hoopla or is this Marvel hyperspace hoopla?  What show are you describing?  And what year are you saying?  You guys are giving me two options for what I'm too many options for what I meant.
  Oh, you're like grabbing the side of your face because you're smiling so big.
  OK, so here.
  I'm just going to pick an arbitrary year to make it seem like I knew what I was pitching you.
  Say it's the year 2023 and it's your Hollywood studios and they're doing hyperspace hoopla again.
  Yeah, and it's Star Wars and it is.
  Well, Star Wars up until the end of this point.
  And the big thing at the hyperspace hoopla was at the end, Mickey came out  and everyone lost their shit.
 Revolutionary, utterly unpredictable.
  Even more so than the last year.
  The perfect moment of surprise in fiction.
  Audience was so excited about it, even more than the baby Sinclair  doing the Sunset Boulevard line.
  And baby Sinclair comes out and do a Lippa song place.
  And then baby Sinclair twerks like that would be that would be fantastic.
  Well, again, I as somebody who bristled at the notion that Mickey coming out  at the end of a show at Disney World was that surprising.
  Now, baby Sinclair doing it.
  So you agree.
 Now I'm out of nowhere.
  OK, I don't even know if that gets a huge response just due to the confusion  build up at the end.
  And his baby is in a suit.
  I guess it's a suited character.
  I think he's in the high chair, but he like rotates and he's kind of like  it works.
 I think, yeah, I like it.
  He kind of it looks like the chair is kind of like hopping forward.
  They had to develop a stunt tronic for this.
  They were like, yeah, yeah, the flying Spider-Man out of the way.
  Now we need a realistic baby Sinclair that can make his entire high chair twerk.
  What about just it's a suit and the top half is the baby  and the bottom half is are the legs of the high chair.
  And it's just the human legs in the chair.
  So somebody's like legs are.
  Wait, are the legs his?  No, the legs are the OK.
  So so the front two legs of the human performer are the legs of the high chair.
  And then there are two other legs coming out like the butt of the suit.
  But they're obviously there's no legs in there.
  And then we need more than two legs for a high chair.
  Well, you do.
 I'm just saying like you're like sitting on two of them.
  So it's like this.
  I mean, you don't know what I'm saying.
  So I'm like, these are the legs in the chair.
  And then there are two other legs kind of coming out the back of the costume.
  It's like a kickstand.
  So kickstand.
 Right.
  And then it stands this top half.
  You want to take a picture of this?  The top half is sort of in the high chair.
  Gram and we'll take it to the patent office.
  This is a revolutionary kind of suit.
  Well, yeah, draw the diagram and then mail it to yourself.
  You know, yeah, yeah.
  First, first.
  So then once the song, the Dua Lipa song hits,  Baby Sinclair can start twerking very easily.
  And it's kind of like the back of the high chair is going along with his little tail.
  So that's just fun.
  That's just a fun thing.
  Well, yeah, get this registered.
  And in that dry away where Disney doesn't reveal they are, you know,  Universal doesn't say this patent is for the Donkey Kong.
  Right, right.
 This is this is a premise that would provide for the future.
  Yeah.
 Of the dinosaur sitcom prehistoric  based twerk entertainment.
  Prehistoric baby baby.
  Prehistoric flatulent baby gyrates to musical merriment or something  in chair in in high chair.
  That's what that would be.
  The US government recognizes that is the what's being patented.
  That's the thing in the office.
  Somebody would get it in that office and like, what's the I quit.
  A 70 year career in the patent office is over.
  Sorry.
 And that person, I know one of these countries going hell.
  And that person seen the worst things patented to  vile, genocidal chemicals and weapons.
  Can we get showing zoomers  dinosaur sitcom going on TikTok?  Oh, OK.
  No one you're saying that to be a new trend.
  I have seen I've seen this trend on things where, yeah,  it's just a little video and you show young people stuff from the past.
  There's a lot of videos of like young people listening to classic music  that we've watched over the years.
  And then like, it would be like, you've seen these.
  Yeah.
 Like you feel in the air tonight or something or Bohemian Rhapsody.
  Well, they have other performing a bit.
  They're performing a bit, but it's it's kind of interesting.
  So you're saying you want this trend with ABC's  I want to say I want to say I'm the baby.
  Got to love me.
  So like people would just say that back then.
 Yeah.
  So this is what people look like in the 90s.
  Jason, is there any video of you saying the phrases?  You think there's any VHS?  I don't know.
 I feel like we were late to get the video camera.
  And you think it was like a priceless faberge.
  The way my brother and I were not allowed to touch.
  Oh, OK.
 I did not get a fabled man's time until much later.
  How old are you?  And I feel like you'd be bad at working with media.
  And they knew you were all right.
  All right.
 OK, so I was.
  I got into great media production and storage and preservation.
  OK, so all right.
  I'm going to say action.
  And then you say I'm ready for my close up, Mr.
  OK, and three to.
  Oh, God.
 Oh, the camera exploded in my hands.
  Well, I think I think we did it.
  I mean, hey, it's fun to watch a video of the show.
  Is this the greatest piece that the theme park entertainment ever put on?  No, possibly not.
 Possibly not.
  But it is fun that this all was there.
  They tried something.
  I really I'm so happy because I didn't remember.
  I've seen photos with the dinosaurs, but I didn't realize there was  something other than just the characters walking around, which it feels like  there's stuff we can uncover and not that we dug deep, deep for this or anything.
  But was his home improvement?  There's a home improvement, like walkthrough thing in MGM Studios or something.
  Stuff seems like there would be if there was.
  And it seems like there would be.
  But there's stuff like that where you're like, oh, that was there.
  So it's like stuff.
  It's fun.
 It's fun to see what they like.
  Little things they tried.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And also very important that in the law, they have to cover  the ride up with a lot of dialogue.
  And it's important that Grandma Ethel wants to go to the energy pavilion at Epcot  because there's a cute Tyrannosaurus that hangs out there.
  That is good.
 That's nice.
  Yeah.
 She wants to go date the energy.
  And source.
  But they don't do the song that Baby Sinclair sings at some point.
  I'm the baby.
 I love the baby.
  Got to love me.
 Great big guys and really cuddly.
  Yeah.
 Oh, they're.
  Wait, I didn't say another one early in musical memory.
  I remember enjoying that.
  I like that.
 I loved that a show was like Full House, that Full House would show  like an Olsen Twins music video or the Jesse and the Rippers forever.
  I like ABC because they don't bore me with full long shows always.
  Sometimes there's a fun music video at the end.
  Well, here maybe I'll I might play a little snippet of that at the end  because the rap is in the middle is pretty good,  which will replace my previous idea of ending the episode musically,  which is just playing the chorus of Walk the Dinosaur  for it for 11 minutes at the end.
  If it's just that we left that entire show on.
  But OK, so for now, you survived podcast, the ride.
  Thanks for subscribing to the second gate.
  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our Patreon tier  VIP Patreon tier club three, where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free and you vote on the topics.
  Do you want us to talk about whatever the home improvement experience was?  Or you remember that they had the bookstore from Ellen?  I don't know that.
  Oh, it went in the bookstore all the time because it was well stopped with goosebumps.
  I don't think I ever put it together that it was the one from Ellen.
  I think that was the idea of that.
  The iconic bookstore that Ellen worked were apparently or went to.
  I could not tell you one detail about all we got to do on that.
  But because they didn't do any cool music videos like this,  which leave you with Baby Sinclair's rap.
  And you might be able to guess some of the topics of his rap.
