 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate, where today we delve into the dark side of Mickey's  imagination.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, is it going to be twisted, do you think?  Twisted and imagined?  Yeah, kind of.
  Look, we saw.
  We saw what happened.
  Yeah, that's true.
  You mess with the Mick, you go to Fire Town.
  You mess with Mick and you burn.
  You understand the rules of this?  I've got a twisted, beautiful mind.
  My twisted, beautiful, dark fantasy.
  Jason Sheridan.
  But also awesome.
  Yes, yes, absolutely.
  As long as you're not suffering the half a dozen people suffering from smoke inhalation,  which sucks and is very unpleasant, it's kind of awesome if you're far away watching.
  Yeah, yes.
  Thank God in this situation for the moat between the fire and the park guests who do not get  lit on fire.
  I was thinking when you say awesome, I was thinking how Mike and I did an episode a while  back about the most the rockinest moments in theme park history.
  And this is different than that.
  But I think that this fire is the most metal moment in theme park history.
  Oh, without a doubt.
  A big dragon lighting on fire and fully emulating.
  Like a three story dragon made of metal, like looking like it's made of almost metal too.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah.
  So this is yeah, this is cool.
  And it kind of happening in a logical way.
  There's sort of a and when you think about like, you know, I'm mixing mythology, but  Mickey's sort of in wizard mode, right?  In the sorcerer's apprentice.
  So you're getting closer to like Tolkien territory.
  I feel like where it's like, oh yeah, like Sauron, like right?  That's the name of the dragon.
  Well, now you're a bet.
  Look, I was named the authors as far as I can go.
  Jason Sauron.
  Is that the dragon in Jason?  Who's the name?  The dragon?  The bad guy?  No, so runs the big eye that they keep.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, I'm editing this part out.
  I don't really got I didn't see you.
  If you said sorry, I didn't say yes.
  The dragon.
  Yeah.
  That's right.
  The destruction of smog.
  Yeah, I guess.
  I know only of dragon heart.
  And of course, the dragons that eat ash.
  Of course.
  Yeah, Lord of the Rings, all that stuff is a little bit lost on me.
  And I know it should be in like adjacent to my interests.
  And I guess it kind of is, but I haven't gotten there yet.
  Yeah.
  Do you think that it had an adverse effect on me that the only time that I've seen the  first one was in high school on a wheeled in TV, a four by three TV.
  Really?  I've seen it several steps, so I didn't see it in the theater.
  I still haven't.
  I haven't watched it on a nice TV.
  I've only seen it decades ago on a four by three with that aspect ratio.
  So the bars are the thickest bars.
  The worst sound.
  This is this is I think a bad like I realize listener what I am copying to.
  I know these are good films.
  Yeah.
  And I know that is not the way to watch.
  But maybe if the first one didn't land with me, maybe it was because of the faraway four  by three TV.
  And you've only seen the first one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Not not on a you saw it on a on a movie screen.
  Yeah, I saw them all on a movie screen.
  The first three actually haven't watched The Hobbit.
  So I've seen all six at the movies.
  It is kind of my they were my family's like Christmas vacation, like Christmas break movies.
  So I look at them very fondly because of that.
  But in terms of like, but you didn't know that what is happening?  No, I didn't.
  Right off the top of your head.
  I had to think for a second because there's the nasty wizard to just like Gandalf's polar  opposite.
  Now, Dr.
 Sauron is Malcolm McDowell in Star Trek Generations.
  I know all about him.
  OK, I know he kills areas.
  He kills William Shatner.
  He kills Captain Kirk.
  Well, and so on is the dinosaur mutant hybrid in the X-Men from the Savage Land.
  Yeah.
  Of course.
  And Sauron is the ride where you get on a you fly around and look at balloons.
  Yeah, that your mom's like.
  Canyons.
  Yeah, Sauron over California.
  Sauron over California, which they should do an overlay once the X-Men come to the parks.
  Of that not of that you're on a dragon.
  It should be an X-Men.
  Yeah, it should be X.
  Yeah, because he's like he has wings.
  This is him.
  Oh, so that would work then.
  Right.
  You know, that's look, it's a fun idea, but we have to like contractually bake that into  that.
  That is that is a month to tops.
  You're in and out because they we know what's happening to California Adventure.
  It is becoming nothing but Marvel bit by bit.
  Right.
  That's true.
  If they let it spread over there, that's like a fire like we're talking about today.
  That fire, that blaze is going to spread all the way through Grizzly River.
  Suddenly everything.
  I don't know what do you in your head?  You have a what what does the Redwood area become as a Marvel?  How do they quickly Marvel overlay that?  Jason, this is a great question, isn't it?  That's a really great question.
  That could easily flip to the Savage Land, I think.
  Yeah, it's not quite the same.
  Savage Land is sort of like a secret jungle, like tropical jungle in like Antarctica or  no.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
  Oh, I got.
  Oh, you mean down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
  So, yeah, you could you could retrofit that.
  The peaks are like a little more snow covered.
  And then as you get down, down, down, it's they can retrofit it to be like a tropical  jungle.
  Just vines, a lot of vines.
  A lot of vines is really what will happen.
  We're just saying just go to hell.
  Cannery Row, Redwood Forest.
  We don't want that.
  You know?  No, we're already.
  I mean, technically with the Big Hero 6 overlay, that is that whole area is now becoming that's  technically Marvel.
  You're right.
  I actually don't even think about it like I don't mind that one.
  I want like Marvel should kick out as much in the Hollywood area as possible.
  We need to contain the blaze over there to put up a moat, you know, metaphorically speaking,  to make sure it doesn't just become Disney's Marvel adventure.
  That's true.
  But we'll see.
  I don't know.
  Might be too.
  The spread.
  It might be too much of an uncontrollable spread, as they would say, in firefighting.
  Yeah.
  Well, we will try to contain this one better than the one was.
  I mean, it was look, it was kind of good.
  Ultimately, there was only one victim of what we're talking about today, which if you don't  know, and I imagine you do, the dragon caught on fire at the end of Phantasmagorgy.
  And boy is it no more.
  It is an absolutely decimated giant animatronic, which you hate to see it, but I don't know.
  You don't totally hate to see it.
  It was kind of interesting.
  Yeah, it was kind of cool, especially the person who, and who knows if they heard about  this slowly happening, and I think the timing would be too difficult, but the person who  is videotaping going over the drop on Splash Mountain and caught it as they went down the  hill was, that was metal.
  That was really something.
  That's what really made me like, oh, we got to talk about this a little bit.
  Can you imagine it?  Like the luckiest, I mean, in a way, the luckiest people, but I know that in the moment they  were, as it started, because if you watch the entire video, they see fire off in the  distance, they just see black smoke in the distance and they don't know if the black  smoke is on Splash Mountain.
  They were like, maybe the upkeep hasn't been so good since we're wrapping up Splash Mountain.
  So maybe the ride is on fire and the log is slowly heading straight into the blaze.
  It's possible they thought like, oh, Disney closed Splash Mountain and they're decimating  it already and they forgot they put a bunch of people on it and this is how they're doing  it.
  It was supposed to start at 2 a.
m.
, but they read something wrong.
  It was happening right at midnight or even they were getting a jump on it even.
  Right.
  And they're doing the classic theme park burning it down for insurance money.
  So if you're a theme park goer, you know this trick.
  This is a classic theme park trick.
  And it's happening right before our very eyes in this case.
  You don't know where it's coming from.
  I really like the tweet that Scott Gustin linked to where someone caught a picture of it before  caught on fire and you can see the fluid dripping from the map.
  You can see stuff leaking from the head of the dragon.
  I don't know what is that fluid that lights on fire?  Is it gasoline?  I don't think it's just gasoline.
  It's not just gasoline.
  It's just some sort of flammable liquid.
  They got a crack, a thousand lighters open and just dump them.
  A little bit you get in there.
  It's laborious, but it gets the job done.
  Yeah.
  Icky.
  You know, if you were in the audience for this and you don't know Fantasmic very well.
  Of course the frequent park goers, the magic key holders knew that something was wrong  right away.
  But if this is your first time at Disneyland and you're watching the show, which you are  in the middle of a dragon fight and it's an amazing Dre.
  This is one of the great figures.
  It was, I guess, one of the great figures.
  And you don't know what's supposed to be happening.
  So now there's like bile oozing from the map.
  Maybe you think that's part of it.
  Like, whoa, it not only shoots fire, it has slime too.
  Yeah.
  And maybe they just trash an animatronic after it's done because they burned this thing up.
  But maybe that's what they do.
  Disney's a very wealthy company.
  Until there was an announcement, hey, everybody clear out of here.
  I could see for a while just thinking, wow, this is incredible.
  So this thing must be made out of flash paper.
  This is what you make a wall out of in a quiet riot video so that it can burn really fast  and then they can enter the room and bother the nerdy kid who's trying to do his homework.
  Right.
  I would wonder, surveying people who watched it, how many of them thought, oh yeah, this  is what happens, I guess.
  Because it sort of is what happens.
  Yeah.
  And this is the funniest thing about it, that it wasn't when the dragon came out.
  It is, narratively, from what I can tell, Mickey is trying to fight the dragon and then  the moment where Mickey gets the upper hand and then shoots fireworks into the dragon's  head, that's kind of exactly when the fire started.
  And it overlaps with Maleficent screaming bloody murder.
  So it is like at the death moment.
  So again, if you've never seen it, maybe this dragon just fully is toast.
  Yeah, it is, as they say, good show.
  You can hear the audience, too, when it really catches the whole thing.
  Here people go like, whoa!  Yes, yeah.
  And I think that's a whoa of that's not supposed to happen, but you can also hear some excitement.
  It's like something like, oh!  I mean, I think in a way, anyone who was there got the best phantasmic performance of all  time.
  Yeah, well, it was unique, it was very special.
  I mean, there's been times, was it phantasmic where Mickey slipped a couple months ago,  maybe?  Whoever was playing Mickey slipped.
  Maybe I'm thinking of a different show.
  But there'll be little things that go wrong in the show from time to time, as live theater,  that's what happens, that's what we're doing here.
  And it's an elevated version.
  It's like Spider-Man turned off the dark and they have to do it a couple times a night.
  Oh shit, the flash bomb went off already, we gotta stop recording.
  The room's on fire.
  But in the same way of Spider-Man turned off the dark where you could see one of the performers  fall and break a leg.
  This is a better version.
  This is a no one got hurt version of it, thankfully.
  And you got a unique experience.
  Yeah, and Disney showing their hand really quickly, showing their cards, because like  within a day, day and a half, there was scaffolding and workers and construction repairing that  And it's like, oh, okay, so you can move fast on construction.
  So you can move fast with contractors.
  Got it, got it.
  Cover your tracks.
  Yeah, this tree house has been closed for years.
  Yeah, really.
  The tree house, it's not Swiss Family, but it's inspired by Swiss Family, but it's a  new thing, you know?  So it was an electrifying announcement that we've all been thinking about ever since.
  I can't wait to see the new, but old, but wall thing.
  Yeah, yes.
  And that, yeah, it closed, it feels like a decade ago at this point.
  Do we think there's any chance this is burned down for insurance money?  This is a good question.
  Do we think there's any chance of it?  I don't think so.
  I don't think so just because of the proximity of the Mickey performer.
  It seems too dangerous for them to do that.
  It seems like also it would have been like, oh yeah, it caught fire backstage.
  That we're claiming it.
  Unless the Mickey is just like, hey, we think Mickey's going to make it out of there.
  Look, if there's collateral damage in these things, then there is.
  But also, look, we need a new dragon.
  Look, this one's, it's been accident prone, this dragon from the, not this kind of accident,  not this very disastrous situation.
  But it didn't work a lot in the early days.
  Nicknamed Murphy ultimately due to the Murphy's Law situation.
  If anything can go wrong, will go wrong.
  And so maybe they've never been happy with how this thing performed.
  So there's one way to toast it, get a better dragon, get dragon Mach 3 going.
  And get an insurance company to pay for it.
  Which also begs the question, what insurance company insures rides?  Who is insuring rides?  That isn't Disney?  Yeah.
  Do you know what I'm saying?  There's got to be some, there's an entity that does it.
  Yeah, just like big movie productions are insured for a lot of money just in case someone  gets.
  Is it, you know what I'm saying?  Don't know.
  Is it Lloyd's of London who famously insured Tina Turner's legs?  I don't know.
  Like there's always that stupid story about some celebrity.
  Was it Sid Sharice?  Did she have insured legs as well?  She supposedly had the insured legs for $90.
  How many celebrities' legs have been insured over the years?  Which is not just some sort of PR thing to put out.
  To say like, look at those gams.
  You need to promote your clients' gams.
  Mickey Rooney's legs.
  Not because they were long and picturesque, but because they were little and adorable.
  That's right.
  That's his bread and butter.
  That's right.
  You got to get his gams out there.
  You got to insure the mixed legs.
  You got to get my gams insured.
  Judy Garland, furious at the rate Mickey Rooney got to insure his legs.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  So yeah, that's a good question that we should look into or somebody will tell us.
  When I say look into, I mean someone will tweet it at us, the answer of what company  insures these things because it's got to be somebody.
  You know how all these companies sprung up for TV and movie productions doing quick turnaround  time COVID testing because of union regulations and stuff.
  And I learned the phrase enterprise COVID testing.
  Enterprise is like a business term.
  So who does enterprise insurance for Rye?  Who does big business?  And it's probably like a bank or an insurance company that we have either never heard of  or it's like, oh, it's Bank of America.
  Yeah.
  It's either a secret company that we don't know that's like part of, maybe it's part  of Bank of America or something.
  One of Disney's long time partners since the Walt days.
  I don't know.
  If they're as good as all of the very trustworthy COVID test companies out there, sprung up  and saved this country from ruin, then I'm sure we can trust them as well.
  The one COVID testing company that was just doing like tests that didn't work for months  on productions.
  Yeah.
  Oh, the one set that I was on in the whole time was that one, the one that faked the  tests.
  The fake the tests.
  It was all on the back of fake tests.
  Oh goody.
  Yeah, good to know.
  I had a very early on when productions were just coming back.
  It's someone tell me like, oh, don't worry.
  This is such a short term shoot.
  LA County regulations say we don't have to test because it's so short.
  And I was like, that's going to change real soon.
  That's going to change.
  And sure enough, it did change pretty quickly.
  Don't worry.
  We aren't testing.
  Yeah.
  Why are you worrying, Jason?  Yeah.
  When you bring up burning for the insurance money, look, this whole premise really goes  back to the King Kong fire in 2008.
  And it's almost the only equivalent situation I feel of a big iconic animatronic that burnt  down in a way that the conspiracist might say is shady.
  Yeah.
  in the effort to make a new thing happen.
  But that one just happened in cloak of night.
  You know, that happened at 430 in the morning.
  We have no footage of King Kong burning up.
  This thing, we have 200 angles of the dragon burning alive right in front of us.
  Immediately.
  This is great.
  On a Saturday night, this is like this is prime time, prime phantasmic.
  I think Jenny Nicholson was posting about like thanks to TikTok and I guess other social  media at large, you can get any angle you want.
  And then if you keep following the videos, eventually you'll get like my boyfriend is  the firefighter who put it out and he said it was awesome.
  That's you know what?  Again, also with the hindsight of nobody was hurt.
  And now the Anaheim fire department that is like probably sometimes doing kind of boring  functional things.
  I have a firefighter in the family.
  I hear it's a lot of like I go rescue people from a small elevator that has been updated.
  There's a ton of that boring elevator rescues.
  But like, okay, what do I have to do today?  I have to fight a fire against a dragon.
  Fight Maleficent, one of the most iconic villains of all time.
  I have to be I have to be Mickey at the end of phantasmic.
  If you are a firefighter who likes Disney and likes phantasmic and then I am Mickey,  but it's real.
  Right.
  Right.
  Well, there's I saw one clip where like as it was burning, the first person out there  with like a very powerful fire extinguisher, you know, those kinds that shoot like a stream  of water or, you know, stuff to put fires out.
  It looked like it flared up a little when they did.
  It looked like it got more fire and you were shooting gasoline accidentally.
  It was a fire extinguisher filled with gasoline.
  It could be the sort of thing where like, oh, if you have a grease fire in the kitchen,  you need to throw salt or baking soda on it, not water, because it'll it'll flare up if  you throw water on it.
  So you think that the dragon fire was more like a grease fire and like a stove.
  In some way, in some way.
  Don't quote me on this and also don't quote me on what exactly you're supposed to throw  on a grease fire.
  I think it was like a flower on it or something.
  Quick, the kitchen's on fire.
  Where have I heard grease fires talked about lately?  Cue I guess the ride.
  Those guys are accurate about everything they say.
  I believe they got all the facts right about Lord of the Rings.
  OK, so what do we do?  Lots of salt.
  Go.
  Jason said you have to get a backpack full of kerosene and shoot it at the fire.
  That's what I remember.
  Such as if Frank Marshall spoke at an event or not.
  We can trust them in this situation.
  Do not call 911.
  Yeah, don't you remember, Mike?  He said the thing about the toadstool kitchen, it shared a kitchen with the Panda Express  on the core lot of Universal.
  Cooking safety tips.
  Never use flour or water to extinguish a cooking fire.
  Don't use flour.
  I just told him to use flour.
  Flour is combustible and water can spread the fire.
  What the fuck?  What should we be using?  My mom told me flour.
  I swear to God.
  Stop the podcast at exactly 20 minutes in.
  Our kitchen is on fire.
  OK, going off of the last information that the last podcast I listened to said, grab  that flour.
  The first results are turn the heat off.
  Use a lid.
  Wait, wait, a lid isn't going to put the fire out.
  If it's in a pot or a pan that you can throw a lid on top of that stops the air flow.
  We're talking like a grease fire.
  It's got to be a bigger, bigger amount of stuff.
  If it's smaller, manage well, pour baking soda or salt baking soda.
  Mother the fire.
  Yeah.
  And if it is big and unmanageable and the size of a dragon, get the nearest lid sized  building fixture in your theme park.
  In this case, see if there is a space mountain available.
  Pry the lid of the building off, crane it over, put it on top of the burning dragon.
  I think it's that like thing you pull off of a fancy dish.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  A fancy food dish or something.
  I have a nice little tray.
  Right.
  Wow.
  OK, baking soda, not flour.
  Maybe they was baking.
  Maybe I forgot.
  That's too close, by the way, as far as like you're going to forget.
  Baking soda is like a miracle substance.
  You can use as an an acid if you have a stomach ache and a glass of warm water.
  You can use it to remove scents, of course, in your fridge, but from water bottles and  stuff, it helps clean those.
  Yes, I know that.
  It's a lot of uses.
  Check it out, folks.
  Baking soda.
  This is Jason's.
  I don't know if this is an Annie Rooney or a Larry King.
  This is more a Larry King.
  Annie Rooney occasionally was positive.
  Yeah, mainly a crank, mainly a complainer.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Now, it also strikes me as odd that you're fuzzing up any of your mom's fire based information  Given that I would have thought that she would have given you really specific instructions  on what to do if your Ghostbusters tissue beds caught fire in the middle of the night,  a very high risk.
  Maybe that's where I should have put flour, not a grease fire on the stove.
  You put flour if your Kenner Ghostbusters firehouse catches fire because of napkins  that are sitting in it.
  It's the only kind of fire that flour can put out.
  Yeah, maybe that is what I'm mixing up.
  It has to be Kenner Ghostbusters.
  Yeah, yeah, that's probably what I'm thinking.
  Off brand, a new, like a NECA Ghostbuster, not happening.
  It's got only Kenner materials or such that flour counteracts it.
  Yep, yep, yep.
  That's for sure.
  So, hmm, all right, well, I've learned.
  There's videos from after that.
  You might have been referring to some of this stuff, Jason, where this will mean nothing  to the listeners, but just for like, this is like, all right, they have started, they  are not pretending that it's not a problem now.
  They're trying to get people to clear out, but people are staying behind to film the  fire.
  This extra burst that happens.
  Oh, spectacular.
  Just this extra major big round fireball out of its mouth.
  Yeah, everybody cheering it on.
  And then similar to what you were saying, just like a straight rocket.
  This is insane.
  Like, it shoots out.
  I mean, it's what happens in the show.
  Like a kind of a beautiful looking really straight line of fire.
  It looks another piece of the insanity is that this is it is a head designed to shoot  pyro.
  Yeah, it looks like a like something in burnt like Burning Man or something.
  When you see those photos out in the desert with some sort of giant like on fire sculpture.
  Yeah, or like a wicker man, like a wicker man or something like it's very visually stark.
  It took me 15 seconds to find someone saying it was satanic on Twitter.
  Just type in, you know, I think I typed in I really wanted to see what would happen if  I googled phantasmag dragon woke and it was all it was all like tweets.
  People go like, oh, that woke me up.
  You know, like because it was happening.
  And like midnight, but then there was one tweet of like it is not even hidden anymore.
  Disney is out in the open with Satanism.
  And it's just like, yeah, man, the thing, the character from the movie from nearly 100  years ago.
  Yeah, it's finally out in the open.
  That's right.
  Well, there is look.
  Chernobog is in the sequence.
  You know, that is that is true.
  Yeah, they showed their satanic cards in 1940 when they made that movie about how Chernobog  is great and should be worshipped.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's right.
 We'll never forget that.
  I think the now I'm disappointed what you what you didn't find, Jason, what somebody  should have tweeted is you you go woke, you go up in smoke.
  That is nobody did it.
  Yeah, I don't think wordplay is the go woke or broke strong suit.
  Well, they all every one of these awful things gets one catchy one and then never again,  like Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve.
  They never had nobody ever had a rewrite on that or a bunch of right.
  They left that in the dust.
  No, and they want and we're good.
  Reality does not have to come into play anymore because all this stuff about like, well,  Bud Light, you're going to go broke and all the stock tickers are like, their profit  appears to be four percent up, I think, because it's spring and people are having  parties, graduation parties or family get togethers because the weather got nice.
  I yeah, that well, this is I mean, it ties into the other thing we're talking about,  but like the the way people just see what they want to see and everybody who wanted  to have that feeling of like, well, I saw one video of a truck backing over some Bud  Light, I guess that is incontrovertible proof that Bud Light has gone broke.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Happens if you go woke.
  Right.
 I saw it.
 I saw the truck with my own eyes.
  Bud Light's pretty much done.
  I don't think we're ever going to see it in a store again.
  And then the rest of your life, you just pass by that aisle quickly like, nope, don't  you didn't see that.
 You didn't see that straight to a different one.
  Keystone, Keystone for me.
  Yeah.
 Well, it's a choose.
  Everything is choose your own reality at this point.
  And I guess it'll be that way forever.
  You can now get yelled at by people with Twitter blue.
  They're the first replies you can see.
  And they will yell at you for having an echo chamber for some reason, for using a  social media site to follow your friends and people you're interested in.
  Like, yeah, man, I'm not going online to follow things I find unpleasant.
  Actually, that's mainly why I go online to check out unpleasant stuff and I get  upset.
 Yeah, that's why a lot of us do it.
  Let's be honest.
 Yeah.
  Look, they find a way to get it to us, even though we all got on Twitter and were  just like, oh, look, David Wayne's on here.
  I like what hot American.
  This seems like a fun place to be.
  I'll see his jokes and it'll be a great two decades at this place.
  But to it is now a conveyor belt that feeds you all the most horrifying thoughts and  worst opinions you've ever seen.
  Yeah.
 And thousands of them every day.
  But it also feeds us every possible angle of dragon fires, which is neat.
  And I think I mean, I think you're right.
  I think Splash Mountain tops it.
  That is the coolest going down this drop.
  But then, oh, my God, and a true horrible fire in Disneyland that they don't have  all the information on that they're like they might know that it has something to  do with Fantasmic.
 But they also don't know if that's like Club 33 is gone.
  Oh, sure.
 My question is, was anyone able to be like standing in the back?  Fantasmic catches on fire and they hoof it to Splash Mountain to do the ride  through to get the view.
  I think it's like skinnier teeth.
  You could maybe do it because it was a colder night.
  And so the line at the end of the night, probably not huge for Splash Mountain.
  Well, we've talked before about how you try to time certain rides with the fireworks.
  Yes.
 So if it's like PeopleMover in Florida, if it's Big Thunder, Big Thunder  Disneyland during fireworks, awesome.
  Really good.
 Same with PeopleMover.
  So I would imagine if there's a big thing that's lit up in the sky, you want to get  to the highest point possible.
  It is also the furthest point in a way.
  Well, if I go up high, I'll probably be safe from it.
  That's true.
  Unless the dragon are at that moment perfectly like the little pyro mechanism aimed  right at the top of Splash Mountain.
  Right.
  Which maybe that was part of the plan too.
  Maybe they're like, we need to get this overlay done quicker.
  Right.
  We get this fire can selectively knock out elements of Splash Mountain and the work  is done for us.
  Right.
  Do you think was there, I didn't see any, but there were, were there any videos at  the top of the guardians tower?  There had to be.
  Oh, would it read?  I bet it would.
  I mean, there was black smoke billowing up.
  All right.
  If anybody's really been digging in, I would like to see that angle.
  Yeah.
  But did they know what they were looking for?  Did they even know that it's in their footage?  You know, and you really only got like a second.
  You're right.
  That's, that'd be a spectacular view.
  I just don't know if anybody was, was ready on the draw.
  Rocket didn't point it out or anything.
  Hey, look, my buddy, the dragons are shit.
  What is that?  Is that a solar flare?  There's smoke coming out of, coming out of Disneyland.
  Oh no, the eternal's are at it again.
  I think Danos did it.
  I think the X-Men villain pyro is at it again.
  Look out for the new pyro overlay coming soon to a silly symphony swing.
  What's this a pyro overlay?  What's this?  They're slowly starting to work X-Men back into the fold.
  And this is the first way they're doing it.
  They're doing a very covert way.
  Pyro, famously one of the evil brotherhood of evil mutants,  a Magneto's group of bad guys.
  Kind of has had a redemption arc the last few years.
  Okay.
  I'm not familiar with his redemption arc, but I know he's in the movies.
  He is in the movies.
  He's that kid with the lighter in the movies and the singer movies.
  Oh, have you ever seen this in the X-Men's?  No.
  I've never seen any X-Men.
  Wait, no, I saw three, I believe.
  You saw The Last Stand?  I saw Ratner, yeah.
  Yeah, you saw the Ratner.
  Last Stand, not as bad as people say it is.
  There's still some okay stuff in there, but it is not.
  Yeah.
  X2's better.
  Just as long as, I'm just glad that all of the early ones were directed by Kreeps.
  Well, that's a.
.
.
  I'm glad they didn't hand the baton immediately to a non-Kreep.
  That's a different story.
  Yeah, yeah, no, Ratner.
  Ratner took over for Singer.
  And then Singer came back.
  So yeah, it's a whole.
.
.
  It's like Maleficent took over for Chernobog.
  Right.
  And then Chernobog came back.
  That is the moment in Phantasmac of all of the like, ah, ha, ha, ha,  ah, and it goes from Ursula to Jafar or whatever.
  That is like, that's the director's meeting where Singer briefed Ratner.
  Uh-huh.
  Matthew Vaughn just like, I don't, I'm standing aside.
  I don't want any part of this.
  I'm going to try to not meet any of these people.
  He got it back in fighting shape.
  And then it's like, good news, the Kreep is back.
  He left, yeah.
  He was going to do the second, but then he left and that's when Singer came back.
  Yeah.
  So.
.
.
  Singer returns.
  Singer returns.
  We'll see.
  The really quick.
  The other, I mean, and the way I got to see the information, this  information initially was like, they have stopped the show.
  They've made the announcement.
  And the just the first video I saw, they have tried to just get things back to  Frontierland normal, which means the dragon is burning and the music  in the background is dunka dunka dunka dunka dunka dunka dunka dunka dunka dunkawie.
  Incredible.
  Like, I don't, like, I don't know what else they're supposed to do.
  Like, you know, and you want to keep people calm and get, you know, eerie  silence would be weird as well.
  Yeah.
  But it does also start to be funny.
  That's like, something is happening that we cannot cover up in any way.
  What do we do?  Uh, pump in the most Benny Hill-esque music we can find.
  Well, this is also like an impossible situation because it's like, you know,  um, for, for like fire drills or evacuations, you prepare for every weird.
  Thing, but this one is really weird where it's like, oh my God, we have a ton  of people around the rivers America, but they're pretty far away from it.
  And, uh, there's no immediate danger, but we don't want guests to get smoke  inhalation, uh, and we don't want the fire to jump, but it's not going to  damage any rides cause this island is kind of isolated.
  Uh, yeah, what do we do?  I guess we just kind of like, oh, come on, put the band, put the happy banjo.
  I mean, they don't have like a more of a, like a deliverance banjo soundtrack  that they can play at a moment's notice.
  I would assume.
  Well, isn't that kind of like the pirates?  Uh, it is like creepy.
  That's yeah.
  That would have helped play creepy.
  Don't play fun banjo music, play creepy banjo.
  Do you think the deliverance is it Dan, is that that's not from deliverance?  Is that the first time there's that an old song?  Yeah, I think that's an old song.
  What is that called the deliverance song?  Is that, is that dueling banjos?  Yeah, I guess it is dueling banjos.
  So is that pirates is from dueling banjos probably then that little like banjo sound.
  Maybe that's what I'm getting at here.
  I think it's a different melody.
  Isn't it like a prelude of pirates life for me?  Well, but is it inspired by it?  I mean, I'm asking a lot of questions today based on the timeline.
  It is not inspired by deliverance.
  It, the, it may also automatically come on.
  It, are you sure it's pirates not inspired by deliverance?  I do believe, I don't think that the Disney people saw the film deliverance and said,  we got to get in on that.
  Okay.
  Dueling banjos is from 1954.
  Okay.
  So yeah.
  Pirates also, if in addition to that, they, they, that movie also invented the song and  the song stayed the most famous banjo song in spite of the,  yeah, that what happens in deliverance.
  The idiocy context.
  Pirates also opens years before deliverance is released.
  I am aware.
  I at least know that.
  I showed a lot of ignorance today, but I didn't know that.
  I did know the timeline on that.
  But it would be funny to take like a dueling banjos, say you, you, you compose  dueling banjos and you're like, oh man, everybody fucking loves my song.
  This is great.
  Oh, wow.
  It's going to be used in a big movie.
  Oh, awesome.
  Yeah, it's great.
  That's going to be so, wait, is it what, what happens in the movie?  What's going to be associated with my song for the rest of the song's life on earth?  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah.
  Is there a worse version of that?  I don't know.
  Or like has to be.
  Well, maybe that song from the silence of the lambs.
  Uh, what does that call it?  Good, goodbye horses.
  Although I don't know that only helps the popularity of my horses.
  Stuck in the middle with you, I feel like is associated with a man cutting  another man's ear off with a razor.
  Fun.
  That's fun compared to deliverance.
  Good for them.
  I know even like any, like any Tarantino as just juxtapositions are still.
  Right.
  There's no, it's still played.
  I mean, it's, it's like, it's you wincing watching it, but still it's not nearly as.
  I think, um, deliverance got so big, so quickly as a weird reference point and  like a gag, uh, a weird gag, uh, yeah, it probably took on a life.
  It's owned pretty quickly.
  Right.
  I'm just saying if you're, but if you're Arthur guitar, boogie Smith, who  composed dueling banjos, it's amazing.
  What do you think?  First time you brought up Arthur guitar, boogie Smith.
  It should have come up in six years.
  Banjo guy has a guitar in his name.
  Yeah.
  Guitar boogie was his nickname.
  Wow.
  Arthur guitar, boogie Smith.
  Confusing.
  The only other thing would have been if like, if somehow, if Bernard  Herman made the psycho score independently, did not intend for it to be scary.
  I may, I made a five, made a fun, nice piece of music.
  People.
  Yeah.
  Teenagers used to dance to it in the early 40s or the jaws theme.
  Yeah, they're both yes.
  Herman and Williams both horrified.
  But you didn't tell me you were going to do that with it.
  Kids are doing the, uh, whatever it wouldn't be called the jaws theme at that  point, like underwater swim, it's the hottest dance craze and all the schools.
  It was meant to be faster and then Spielberg slowed it way down.
  He did it at half speed.
  That's how it sounds.
  Jaws theme.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  That's peppy.
  Yeah, that's great.
  All right.
  Well, let's, you know, make sure that the composer's intent is clear.
  Yeah.
  Using pieces of music.
  Um, yeah, look, this, this all nuts.
  And it also comes on, this is much less tragic because it worked out, but this  dragon's fluid is not the only fluid that's been leaking lately because  sunny eclipse, our pal, sunny eclipse, uh, has been leaking fluid as well.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He had a tough day.
  Yeah.
  Smoke, smoke rising up from him.
  Weird dripping off the keyboard off the org at Astro Oregon.
  Yeah.
  And I believe it was just, uh, taken out for repair work at the start of the year  and put back.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It hasn't been that long.
  Everybody, there's a lot of concern about it.
  It feels like we're, we're sort of in a Betty white kind of situation now with  sunny eclipse where like any, if you see it, not that you see sunny eclipse  trending, maybe on Archwood, our Twitter, but you know, if you see the name,  you're like, Oh, what happened?  Like I do have that.
  Uh, and then you're like, Oh, thank God.
  No, city eclipse is just trending because everybody's happy about sunny.
  Well, don't scare me like that.
  Denzel relieved gif.
  The, the PTR curse though.
  Will it, will it apply to sunny eclipse?  That's why I wanted to name an already deceased person and bring somebody else  down.
  Oh God.
  Now I'm worried that something's going to happen to Brett Radner.
  Oh, I did a lot of this out.
  So yeah, I'll edit that out too.
  I love the, um, uh, the funny thing about the sunny eclipse is apparently when he  email functions, he slumps over his keyboard.
  He looks like he had a heart attack or he dies.
  They, it's like a realistic dying mechanism built into sunny eclipse.
  Somehow it's like an animatronic of like a drunk rap at like Peter Lawford has  collapsed.
  You would think the robot would just stop and you'd be like, Oh, it froze.
  It's a robot.
  It wouldn't slump over.
  Like it had a heart attack.
  It's like sunny eclipse might as well be like clutching his chest all over as he  leaks like some sort of fluid.
  What a great way to, you know, because look, he's, he's a lounge lizard, kind of  a literal lizard.
  He's lizard.
  Yes.
  Yeah, for sure.
  And, uh, I think that kind of person, it's, it's like the Nikki Rourke, the  wrestler, you know, that's like, you want to go out, you're going to go out  doing what you do.
  Um, you know, like I'm not, I'm, he's, I think somebody like that is going to be  doing shows till they're 97.
  Like I, I'm going to slump over on the keyboard and that's how I go out.
  Randy the Ram wants to die in the ring.
  Just as sunny eclipse wants to die on stage at cosmic rays, starlight cafe.
  Yeah.
  Died dripping fluid.
  It does not go anywhere near the free toppings bar several feet away.
  Yeah.
  You would never want to interrupt the flow of the toppings bar.
  Yeah.
  And Jason, that's Jason would Jason is.
  Well, I gotta check now that you say that I don't know the status of the toppings  bar because it was still decommissioned when I was there at the end of 2021, but  maybe it's come back by this.
  Am I wrong that you say cosmic rays you like still because of the toppings bar?  Did I make that up?  Well, I think it's like five episodes ago.
  Well, just said the toppings bar, uh, just because it's a solid place to like load  up a theme park cheeseburger and also like, Oh, if you want chicken, figures and  fries, pretty reliable.
  Yeah.
  But when I was younger, we've done this dance.
  All right.
  All right.
  Times that we've done this dance.
  You and I, sorry.
  We were in United forever.
  That's you and Jason about the toppings bar.
  Fight forever.
  But it's about me explaining like, look, thank you, Steph, really good  cheesecake, cheese steaks.
  And we were not adventurous eaters.
  Most places you can only get one tomato on a burger here.
  You can get three or four.
  Who's, who's Batman in this?  Somebody needs to say one of the things they're saying in Bale Batman voice.
  Jason is bad.
  What's one of your toppings arguments?  They'll chase me.
  They'll chase me and I'll run because the hero, the Euro city deserves.
  Yeah.
  But put like a, you have to talk about like tomato lettuce though.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Sauteed onions and mushrooms.
  They have that.
  It's kind of the great elevate.
  Yeah.
  They did.
  Yeah.
  That was hard.
  That's what, well, that's what he's saying about the toppings.
  The bar is low in a theme park.
  Anything that tastes like cooked food seems extraordinary.
  That's a, Bale seems a little Harrison Ford.
  Ask me like an 80 year old Harrison Ford.
  All right.
  Now do it as Harrison Ford talking to Kalista.
  Why the toppings bar is so good.
  It's cosmic rays.
  If you will.
  Okay.
  Where is she?  Well, Hey, no, that's the wrong.
  What?  What do you mean?  By she, he means the big, the big slice of tomato.
  He had his eye on our Halloween costume is Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo.
  It's not going to make sense if I show up first to Scrappy without a Scooby.
  All right.
  That's good.
  We're going to be Batman and the Joker.
  My voice is kind of, I'm almost there.
  Kalista.
  I've been working on my, my Batman.
  Hey, can you pick up a bottle of wine for the party on the way home?  I don't want to get stuck at seven 11 getting cupcake.
  Well, you know, let's, let's fit in a little bit of this.
  I I'm almost like loathe too, but I here's, let me, okay.
  The other, the other topical thing.
  Well, hold on just real quick before the topic thing.
  This is not the first time Maleficent dragon caught in fire.
  Yeah.
  Good point.
  Yeah.
  The parade in Florida, the plate, the parade dragon that is very like metal  steampunk Maleficent dragon caught in fire a few years ago.
  Yes.
  These exact thing happened.
  Exactly the same thing basically happened.
  It was not as it's not as tall of a structure, but it was moving  and it was closer to people.
  Closer to crowds.
  So it was definitely more dangerous that it happened because there were more  people around, but I think that's back now.
  They brought it back.
  I think it's back.
  Yeah.
  Um, I watched that footage.
  They, they did not clear people at all.
  No, it was a mess.
  It was right there.
  It was a mess.
  Yeah.
  And that was a crazy fire and it's very similar to then now like chunks of fire.
  That's right.
  Chunks.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  For the main fire.
  And it's amazing.
  The breeze didn't blow it right into the.
  No, it's amazing that the thing didn't like short and just start  torching people on the sidewalks.
  Really?  In both cases.
  Yes.
  You would imagine like if something gave and the angle changed on the dragon's  mouth, then suddenly we got fireballs right into people's faces.
  Yeah.
  So it is like, there's a, there's an issue with the Maleficent dragons.
  I guess it's just cause they shoot fire.
  Most things don't shoot fire in the park.
  Yeah.
  Um, well then what's the, do we, we want to keep it though?  We don't lose like does the danger and begin this has been Disney's  ruling is like, oh yeah, we're not going to do similar effects to this for a  little while until we can figure out what's going on.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  Um, but do we, is this too dangerous to, can we not have Maleficent like  Maleficent's have caught on fire on two coasts now?  Uh, well, look, there's a lot of things.
  Yeah.
  What's the risk reward here?  Um, I guess maybe if, if guests are closer by, could you pull off that kind  of recent trick they do with fire, which is just like steam and a light  hitting it the right way, it's not as impressive and it doesn't make people  like hotter.
  Yeah.
  That's the thing with fire is like when you use fire in a theme park show, you  go, oh my God, and your body temperature shoots up what feels like 20 degrees.
  It doesn't really, but you feel like you're getting scalded.
  Is this also just like stuff has, it's kept up by like the least amount of work  they have to do, the least amount of money and time for safety, like.
  Well, that's yeah, it's a big corporation.
  That is of course what's going on.
  Where's like the realest.
  That this week is that it was shooting for another 4,000 layoffs by Thursday.
  I do think that the fire guy quit in advance or they got laid off in advance.
  So maybe they had like a new fire person working for cheap or something.
  Yeah.
  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  He knew what was coming.
  Right.
  Or there's like 500 fire people and they all got laid off.
  Yeah, maybe too many cooks.
  Oh, too many.
  Oh, no, you're blaming the workers.
  Jason blames the workers for the fire disasters.
  Fire safety, fat cats, you know?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Too many.
  It's you're like Elon with Twitter.
  You just got it rid of.
  It's better to cut the staff.
  I'm always saying I'm like Elon with Twitter in so many ways.
  So finally too many cooks.
  That's wonderful.
  So yeah, I don't know.
  Maybe, maybe the parade dragon shouldn't shoot fire at the audience.
  That one in light of seems a little seems like more dangerous.
  Maybe we need to change this system.
  But I feel like, you know, if you, if you do have a moat there, light  things on fire more often.
  Yeah.
  And I, you know what?  Hey, let's just go for broke.
  When phantasmic comes back, what could be a, how do you top the dragon  lighting up our big finale?  Mark Twain lights on fire.
  Hey now.
  Jason, what have Mark Twain wanted to see?  I just wanted to see if you're, if it made his temperature shoot up.
  Well, okay.
  So, okay.
  This is the scene.
  Uh, they turn the happy banjo music to the deliverance of dueling banjos  in frontier land and, and just around the corner, you see a  completely engulfed in flame Mark Twain.
  But again, they're just going to let it run its course.
  That has been proven to be the most safe.
  If they yell run, they'll have a stampede on their hands.
  You know, they just got to let it get back to dry dock, you know?  You're, yeah.
  You're saying they're not going to do anything.
  They're just going to let the Mark Twain burn.
  I think if you can get, if the Mark Twain can, if we can make a replica  out of pops popsicle sticks and do it every day.
  Oh yeah.
  It could be trouble given the, uh, the size scale.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, we could, I mean, you're talking about like a country bears,  uh, model system, uh, uh, where they keep destroying the models.
  Oh, in the movie, in the movie.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's right.
  Christopher Walken scene.
  Oh, right.
  All right.
  I can't believe you brought up the deep.
  You hate that.
  Yeah.
  Yes, you're right.
  Yeah.
  But it's tougher because it would be, it would have to be the  size of the actual Mark Twain.
  Yeah.
  But I like this though.
  I would like an easily kindle a bowl.
  Yeah.
  Um, Mark Twain to go up every day.
  I'm, I'm also remembering a thing that Jane showed me that I never knew before.
  And I'm forgetting the exact parameters of it, but at phantasmac in Florida,  there's some point in the riverboat where all of the characters, I think, go  inside because there's a pyro going off, but because the aerial is too difficult  to get in and out, they just throw a fireproof tarp over them.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think you could see a video where that goes.
  You can see, I saw it.
  It is very funny to just see a human get like a blanket, like, all right, don't move.
  Like in that, yeah, Ariel in that moment is like somebody with no legs.
  Like we have to quickly.
  Very much so.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So.
  Lieutenant Dan.
  Lot in common.
  Lieutenant Dan and Ariel.
  Very similar.
  Yeah.
  They, they hang out by the sea.
  Yeah.
  Just before we go out here, let's just, let's switch from, uh, from phantasmic to  DeSantis-mic.
  Um, that's right.
  It's DeSantis-mic.
  Uh, a much better, uh, nighttime spectacular.
  Um, I feel like we have not talked a lot about the DeSantis situation.
  I don't think we ever referred to this, this last, uh, step of it where he was  going to dismantle Reedy Creek.
  Yeah.
  There was a minute there where really felt like he had the upper hand.
  Yes.
  Uh, like he does have this thing, you know, via government that he can  dangle over Disney for sort of, but not really, and very slowly opposing  their homophobic legislation.
  Right.
  Uh, um, so like, all right, well now you lose all of your special privileges.
  I don't think we've said on the show this thing of how to say how Disney then just  like, utterly outfoxed one of the great outfoxings in history of like in public,  in public.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just like, okay, so we're going to have those, uh, what's some nonsense?  Well, we have those powers, uh, into infinity plus one.
  All right.
  Great.
  Uh, so a public hearing that anyone could watch via webcam, uh, we have the power  into infinity plus one, uh, and just anything to Santa's does is nullified.
  Um, incredible.
  First of all, just that, uh, you know, kudos to Disney.
  The legal way of the Santa's is such a villain, such a true villain that like  you rooting for Disney to have ultimate control over like its own state is like  something that probably shouldn't be happening.
  And if you really look at like Reedy Creek, you're like, it's a little weird.
  It's kind of weird.
  They just come.
  Yeah.
  We, when we discussed all of this in the founding of Disney world for the 50th  and that they can build a nuclear plant, it would strike anybody as strange.
  Yeah.
  And the idea that you would take a look at that.
  Sure.
  I get that.
  Right.
  But the Santa's is such a vile shit head.
  He is.
  And I, yeah, Disney's asserting like ultimate control over this land.
  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  It's like rooting for him again.
  You know, because we'll be, we will serve though.
  We celebrate their attractions every week.
  You know, we'll also like, uh, call them out for, for shady dealings and whatever.
  And it's kind of fun to go.
  I feel like everybody is like, hooray Disney.
  Yeah.
  It's very complicated.
  Like, yeah, I think I sent you guys like a tweet where someone was like, why are  all these headlines is Disney lays off 4,000 people, not Disney lays off 4,000  people after record profits acquired.
  And yeah, sure.
  It's true.
  It's true.
  And every push pull like, it's like, oh, well that sucks.
  But also like, Ooh, I like that.
  They stumped that weird meatball man.
  Meatball run.
  Meatball run.
  Trump's nickname for him.
  The clip, the clip that's been going around of him in Japan.
  I don't want to say, I don't want to hype it up too much of like, it's  the Howard Dean scream, but it's pretty close.
  Like it looks pretty, he does his little head wobble.
  He's got his mouth open in a real way.
  And he talks like this.
  And he looks like shit.
  I'm Ron DeSantis.
  As long as you know, I'm not a candidate, so we'll have to revisit that.
  Yeah.
  And he's bobblehead.
  I, he looks, I don't, you, I don't think you guys have watched it.
  He in that clip specifically is Homelander from the boys.
  There's a, Homelander is basically like the evil Superman of the boys.
  And he's played by this guy, Anthony star who does such a good job.
  He's like, when he's not talking, he's just vacant.
  There's a vacant eerie stare he's got.
  And then when he's talking, there's like this bizarre, like surreal quality to his  face, like he's being puppeted or something.
  And it is DeSantis.
  Oh my goodness.
  This is this whole notion.
  I think we all had a moment where we were getting a little worried that like, okay,  maybe Trump is a little bit diffused at this moment.
  This was a long time ago where he obviously now is charging ahead.
  Half speed Trump is charging.
  Yeah.
  He has low energy.
  Low energy Trump is charging Trump.
  Ironically, not low energy job.
  Yeah.
  He's still just handily.
  But when you hear that, like, but there's this new, there's this young gun and he's  like, boy, you know, this is, this guy's a tough customer, man.
  This guy's John Wayne and he, he, you know, he, he held it down in Florida.
  He didn't bow at any of these masks and the vaccines.
  And, uh, I think we actually, you know, the fight's not over.
  We got somebody to worry about in, uh, in 2024.
  Cut to one piece of footage of him.
  Well, uh, I mean, but what I would say to that, I just to, you know, maybe, uh, uh,  like this guy, there's no, this is the most charmless, lifeless, like pale, uh,  shitty round man.
  You've like, there's just, he's got wig hair.
  Full jab, full jab story.
  Art like a ladder, more annoying jab.
  And he also keeps doing the Trump thing where he says we're going to do this.
  And then people are undercut because he, he said a thing about like, well, maybe  we'll tax Disney world hotel rooms more and put up tolls toll booths.
  And, uh, that I think came up on the Disney dish and they said they were  contacted by a representative from the Tallahassee GOP who was like, no, that  all tests really badly and it'll be used against him.
  And, uh, so it's like, he's got people working against it.
  By the way, if you work for the Tallahassee GOP and you're listening to  this show, don't fuck off.
  You freak nasty little toad.
  Do we have any listeners?  Do we have any listeners employed by the Republican party?  Like I work for them.
  But, but specifically the Tallahassee GOP.
  I wonder, honey, um, maybe don't listen to the second gate today.
  Why?  What did they say?  I want to hear it.
  It's what did my favorite host Jason say?  He's the one I hate.
  Jason's a spook plug.
  I hate Scott and Mike with their liberal views, but Jason has good, good, uh,  opinions on the toppings bar and cosmic rays.
  I'm, I'm lockstep with him all the way there.
  It's just a beleaguered IT guy who just constantly debugging a million  windows PCs by like all of the aging reptiles in Florida who have no idea  how to use a computer or phone.
  I'm fiscally conservative.
  That's why I'm at the Tallahassee GOP, Jason.
  But I'm liberal at the toppings bar.
  So we know where to find you to give you a wedgie.
  15 pieces of iceberg lettuce, Jason.
  They can as many as you want and they won't say nothing.
  Iceberg too spicy.
  What icebergs too spicy.
  What lettuce?  The lettuce.
  Say it's too spicy for this man.
  Oh, I see.
  I see.
  That's literally spicy.
  I see.
  I see.
  I see.
  I see.
  Gotcha.
  Uh, um, yes.
  Exotic ingredients.
  Um, really quick.
  I'm gonna play this clip.
  This is why I've wanted to, we haven't like been dying to talk to Santas, but  until this thing happened and I, but which I've been thinking about ever since  it's and, and let's do, you might've seen it, but this is his recent, this  recent, basically what happened is, uh, thoroughly outfoxed by Disney.
  Um, they, they continue to essentially have all the power and really Creek.
  And, but he responds like, well, you ain't seen nothing yet though.
  This rodeo ain't, it's not your daddy's rodeo.
  And then like, okay, so what is he?  All right.
  Ron's coming back with the big guns.
  How's he going to prove that he actually has the upper hand, even though Disney, I  think did one more thing that still diffuses it all that's on the table right  now, maybe is like, well, it's possible that Disney will no longer have to pay  for monorail rides.
  Oh, what's the word?  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Checks.
  Checks.
  Okay.
  Well, great.
  So all right.
  Big, big victory.
  More in the woke agenda.
  Yeah.
  He doesn't pay for their own monorail inspections anymore.
  Right.
  It did it, Ron.
  Also, the funny thing is like, don't say gay past that's past.
  So what does he like the, he won in that case and that's months back in the rear  view, but we, but like, but I still don't, I don't love that there's, you know, I,  there was a gay kiss in light year.
  I heard, I didn't see it, but I heard it.
  So we need to keep, if we regulate their monorails, that'll show them for the gay  kiss.
  I mean, you really see how full of shit some of these people are because it's  like the fiscally conservative thing.
  It's like, it's not good to be in a totally adversarial relationship with the  second largest employer of the state you are governor of.
  It's something like the largest employer in Florida is the state of Florida.
  The second largest is the Walt Disney company.
  That is what everyone is like.
  Now this is exceedingly clear to Donald Trump, the guy who is going to, if you  want to see it, if you want to see a metaphor of what Trump is going to do to  DeSantis, if he even enters the primary at this point, please see any of the  photos of Mickey lighting the Maleficent dragon on fire.
  This is an exact, this is exactly what Trump will do.
  And he'll do the same thing if Tucker Carlson tries to enter the race.
  This is the longest shot I have read online, but people go like,  enter that he would either, he's either going to become Alex Jones or try to run  for president, but he's such a dweeb.
  He's a nerd.
  He's a freak.
  In addition to everything else.
  Look, I hate to compare these two, but Mickey has the magic.
  He has the most magic and so does Donald Trump.
  Still at this point.
  It's evil magic.
  Yeah, it's evil.
  But there's nobody else says remotely the magic.
  Uh, um, so anyways, um, the, all right, just this, this, this press conference  moment, one of the things they tried to do was, was put restrictive covenants on  the land that the district owns.
  If you look at this whole special district, Walt Disney corporation obviously  owns a lot of it, but the district owns other land, you know, quite frankly, I  wasn't even thinking about that land.
  Uh, this was not something that was really important one way or another.
  We just wanted them to live on the same rules, pay the debt, pay the taxes,  new little mermaid.
  You know, that's all we wanted.
  That's all we wanted from them.
  We know you were not thinking correct.
  Like that has not been in doubt Ron in that sentence right there.
  Yeah.
  Your sentence went too far.
  The men standing around him appear to be falling asleep, standing up like a horse.
  He's not entertaining the people he came with.
  Yeah.
  Um,  what should we do with this land?  And so, you know, it's like, okay, I mean, people have said, you know, maybe,  maybe have another, maybe create a state park, maybe try to do more amusement  parks.
  Uh, someone even said like, maybe you need another state prison.
  Who knows?  I mean, I just think that the possibilities are endless.
  And so that is, you know, the easy breezy confidence of this man who's  entering the public stage, you know, and maybe we could, uh, uh, I want, uh,  and, uh, what we could do.
  He has the, his energy in this is like, um, a kid who has to stand up to a  bully and he saw a movie once where somebody stood up to the bully with  their wits.
  Yeah.
  He's like, okay, that's what I'm doing on the playground tomorrow.
  And he walks up and he thinks he's got all the confidence in the world.
  And then it comes time to do his yo mama joke or whatever, and actually  looks at the size of the bully and suddenly eyes are darting everywhere.
  Uh, well, you know, we w what I'm looking into might be that your mama is in fact,  uh, uh, so big that when she sits around the house, uh, that she's been said to,  uh, literally sit around the house and that's what, that's how we're looking  into that clock.
  The media has put in a coma for a week.
  He's just sucker, bully just throws a chair at him.
  Entire school cheers bully.
  Yeah.
  Principal applauds him.
  Class president handed to presidency handed to him immediately.
  Yeah.
  Look, even principals think some kids are dweebs.
  He, I, he also, I think he thinks he's doing kind of like, uh, like a mobster,  like, uh, you know, you got a theme park right there.
  It would be a shame if something happened to it.
  Oh, we, we rolled in and we built whatever, like he's thinks he's doing a little  intimidation there, uh, and he's not, we could build another theme park there.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  We could build a present there too.
  Also.
  Okay.
  I mean, the prisoners aren't going to be loose in the, in Disney world.
  Well, this is what, and this is why I wanted to bring this up is just to like,  okay, look, I'm obviously aware of the reality of this, which is this is something  he said one time only the 20 people at the molten core of his base will think  that he ever did it or intends to do it.
  He, this guy is such a do nothing dipshit, but like, let's say that this  actually is a plan and he wants to see, he's going to put a prison on Disney  world property.
  What is he, how does he see this going?  Like in his head, is it that like, or, or let me even know.
  Okay.
  Again, in his head, he knows he's not doing jack shit, but.
  Like the, the, the dumbest, most brain fog to Santa's fan.
  Did they think that like, okay, well yeah, there's going to be a castle and that  there's the Disney castle, right?  And then right behind it, Ron has figured out how to build a bit like a prison  from a 1940s movie and there will be prisoners leaning out of the bars and  rattling a can and bothering the kids.
  And then the parents are going to think twice about going there from now on  showing their, their move, their kids light year movies with kisses.
  But, and there's going to be a dog with a key and that the prisoners can get that  dog key, you know what I actually went to Disney world recently and I saw Ron's  prison it's there it's in, it's in one of the rides and he's got three people  locked up already, probably due to woke mind crimes.
  And unless they get that dog to come over, I think they're going to stay there  for many years.
  So Ron's doing it.
  This whole thing.
  I, I didn't, I had not seen the clip that it came from before.
  I did not realize it was a zinger that does not land because,  well, a zinger has to be indicates that it's sort of like pointed and sharp.
  He thinks it's going to be a slam dunk and it's more of a jeb please clap sort  of moment, but click bait websites made this sound like he had a full pitch.
  He had a full plan.
  Well, that's what that's, that's my question is like, you know, in, where, in  a world where we ignore a lot of stuff, what's the plan?  We're going to imagine here.
  DeSantis is Disney prison is what you're saying.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Yeah.
  Well, how plausibly like, where does it go?  Well, here's what I would pitch is that like Dom Sawyer Island becomes Alcatraz.
  So you build the prison in the magic kingdom.
  I think he might be so, I mean, he's dumb, a dumb religious fascist, like bad,  like it's he's actually, he's done some bets.
  I don't want to completely make him seem incompetent because he's got it.
  He's got to go.
  Um, but I don't, I think he had his mind.
  He's thinking like, Oh, like, Oh, let me step back.
  He got married at Disney world.
  Oh yeah.
  Yes.
  Which is something we should point out as well.
  And he like Floridian, he claims all of my wife wanted to do it.
  And it's like, you're a Disney fan.
  You piece of shit.
  It was really my wife's thing.
  I didn't, I, um, yes, I, I did go in for the planning meeting at  Franck's wedding chapel.
  I did sit with my wife in Franck, but I don't like father of the bride.
  And I don't care for Martin short.
  And frankly, Clifford is, is creepy to me.
  That's not the kind of thing I like, but I appreciate that.
  Frank didn't put his sexual out.
  Didn't tell me what his sexuality was.
  When back in the days of Franck, it was implied there.
  Why didn't have to read an article about how Franck is openly gay.
  I could, you could, I could imagine Franck having a beautiful wife when he went  home from dealing with the banks family.
  And I, and that's the agenda.
  The agenda is ruin the father of the bride franchise forever.
  Uh, yeah, this is all true.
  This all has to be very true.
  Uh, so I think he's a secret Disney fan.
  Uh, thinks never.
  Yeah.
  He's a fucking shit.
  You do not get mad.
  So I put up with it, but you're at the grand Floridia, like the fanciest,  frilliest, you're getting married and inside Mary Poppins.
  Thousands and thousands of dollars for that wedding.
  Yes.
  He made me tens of thousands of dollars.
  So yeah, I think he, he probably considers himself like, well, I've been on these  rides, I could, uh, I could make a ride or a prison.
  And so he's imagining, yeah, like Alcatraz in the middle of Tom Sawers  Island or like, uh, turning I'm trying to think what famous prison is Alcatraz  the most famous prison, I assume.
  Yeah.
  Uh, uh, sing sing.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh, I remember that one.
  Sing sing.
  Folsom prison.
  You know, nice little theme park you got here.
  Be a shame if some of my prisoner buddies were running around there.
  Uh, so yeah, I think he thinks that it's, as you're saying, it's going to be, uh,  uh, erected in a park or visible, at least visible.
  And I want to say, think about it.
  I mean, he's, he's not thinking that hard about it, but that's what  his, that's what he's suggesting.
  Is that it's going to ruin Disney somehow because it's a big prison.
  I got, I got a little worried because I was looking on Google maps and right  near Disney's Hollywood studios, I saw this kind of like unfriendly boxy building  that looks like it has no windows and really cramped quarters and I thought  maybe he built it already.
  And then I realized that's just Galactic Starcruiser.
  Well, it looks like the prison, the prison on Andor, Andor, whatever the show.
  Uh, you know, that note.
  So I think, yeah, maybe it's already, maybe it's just a bigger version of that.
  The Galactic Starcruiser.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, true.
  Yeah.
  Like what, you know, and I'm not opposed to theming theming is not the problem.
  No, I love the, I love the star Wars universe.
  I get swept up into a world of sci-fi magic when I wa I can't wait to see  my friend Grogu every week.
  So it's fine.
  No, the prison will have theme will reach out to the imagineers for, uh, for LCD  screens and, uh, there'll be an animatronic warden here.
  Here's my bitch and every other cell contains an animatronic  Beagle boy from DuckTales.
  My favorite show was DuckTales.
  Ron, Ron, seems like you know a lot about this.
  44 years old and I love Disney Afternoon.
  I love, I love two things.
  I love rifles.
  I love just blast in a case of Bud Light with my rifles.
  And I love the adventures with the DuckTales game.
  And when we walked down the aisle to the gummy bears theme song, we both burst  into tears at our wedding.
  When I gave my, when I told my wife that she is dashing and daring and courageous  and caring, much like the titular bears, we both just wept and wept.
  Yeah.
  And yeah, the Beagle boy.
  Look, I know, I know a little, I don't, this, they went woke.
  The gummy bears weren't woke.
  That's what's important about it.
  They were, I think that there were chemicals in the berry juice that were, that  were turning some of the bears to an alternate lifestyle.
  And frankly, you know, that's just one of the things I want to be looking into.
  He says with fake Trump hands flapping and flapping.
  And when I become, when I become president, we're going to go back and add a wife for  Goofy on Goof Troop, because quite frankly, Goofy being a single dad, asked a few  questions that I was uncomfortable with.
  There's too many single parents.
  I understand that they're widows, but it leaves the viewer, it leaves impressionable  kids to imagine what if pre death they had been in a gay marriage.
  They didn't explain it.
  Goof Troop did not start on episode one explaining that Goofy's wife was dead.
  We needed to see a corpse to know exactly what had happened.
  I've worked up a drawing.
  I've prepared to give this to Disney.
  And if, and if, unless they insert this, this photo of Disney's wife's, Goofy's  wife's corpse into the beginning of every Goof Troop, then frankly, we're going to have  to look at those monorail rules.
  You know what? And on the same recut of Goof Troop they can do, they can make that Roxanne  character less gorgeous.
  Too distracting.
  You have to go either way.
  Either she has to be a homely dog that just looks like a, because I don't want to be  attracted to a dog.
  It has to be an attractive woman or a real mug of a dog.
  And the in-between always made me uncomfortable.
  Any number of millennial boys and girls had some sort of awakening with this Roxanne  character.
 And we need them asleep and stupid.
  So they eventually vote for me.
  Bonkers made cops look too silly.
  Cops aren't silly.
  And one thing everyone says about America, cops need to be respected more.
  We need more cops and we need more prisons.
  Bonkers is not going to be working in the Disney prison.
  Marsupialami's tail is far too long.
  Was Bonkers a cop?  Yeah, Bonkers was a mug.
  Bonkers was a pig.
  That summer, the BLM summer, the disrespect we saw grew out of these Bonkers,  adult children who thought that all police officers got into hijinks.
  I demand a hijink freak.
  And now that we've taken over Reedy Creek, Disney basically, they're going to  have to make 70 episodes of a serious Bonkers.
  That's how those rules work.
  I'm sorry, maybe you didn't look into the legislation.
  You didn't look at the fine print carefully enough, Mr.
 Eiger.
  When I'm president, I'm showrunning a new Bonkers.
  I will be the showrunner and the commander in chief at the same time.
  And I will be guiding Bonkers into a much more gritty, serious direction.
  And also I will appoint Gargoyle's villain, David Zanatos, to my cabinet.
  He's a businessman that knows how to get things done.
  Great David Zanatos poll, Michael.
  Well, we just brought him up with the frags.
  Yeah, I know it's still.
  Oh, wait, no, that's coming out later.
  So never mind.
  You'll hear more about Zanatos soon.
  Call forward, like a rest of development.
  That's fine to do.
  But the ultimate call forward, Mike, you just made me excited to vote for Ron.
  Well, when you were Zanatos, it was in the cabinet.
  When he if, you know, if he ends up in the on the final presidential candidate,  I can't imagine what Trump will do to get in the way or to, I don't know,  make him stammer for 10 minutes straight at the first debate they ever get in  because he uses one and bear a slightly.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Nickname, you know, unless that happens, I'm all for the gargoyles.
  The Santas Zanatos 2024.
  Wow.
  You survived podcast ride.
  Thanks for subscribing to the second gate.
  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our VIP VIP to patron to your club three,  where you get one more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes ad free.
  And, you know, we'll we'll start getting buttons out for that campaign too.
  Well, we'll give those straight to the patrons.
  And so stay tuned here.
  So you get Santa Zanatos Zanatos.
  See with a Z Zanatos.
  Their names go well together.
  Santa Zanatos.
  Are you sure it's not with an X?  Oh, did I say Z?  Yeah, you're right.
  It is an X.
  Look, I'm a little tired.
  Yeah.
  Well, we begin with some errors and we end with some errors.
  I made so many errors in this episode.
  Really embarrassed.
  I'll let it out.
  I'll cut them off.
  Yeah, please do.
