 Nice to meet ya.
  Okay, let's pick ourselves up and remove the shrapnel from our bodies after a grueling, violent Club 3.
  Yes.
  What a season it has been.
 Mike, Jason, and me, Scott, we're just, we're still reeling this ringing in our ears.
  Yeah, no, I, I, uh, we've seen a melee, I guess, really what it is, but like a long melee.
  Yeah.
  Not a quick one.
  Factions, tribalism within our own audience.
  That's right.
  And it just goes to show sometimes violence is the answer.
  Well, I can only assume there must have been violence at some point because there was essentially a coup.
  This is what I feel happened.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, this, this, uh, particular Club 3 month, this is the results of what we set up last month, which is, was good boys of the galaxy topic rewind.
  And the idea is this was our chance to put some of the older topics that lost the polls, but we think they'd still be great episodes.
  Let's put them together.
  And things got crazy.
  I mean, it became just a, a dogfight between the two that I picked.
  Just a melee between the ones that I chose and not you guys.
  Yeah, that's, that's true.
  You know, you're right.
  Uh, and as you pointed out last time, mine always get last.
  No, mine were pretty bad this time because I also think people were trying to troll me after what I said in the last Club 3, which was to try to get your, you like internally politic did.
  And you said, well, I, the last one is there a, my, whatever comes in last goes to hell, cannot be talked about on the show.
  Right.
  You chose escape from tomorrow.
  The miserable film secretly made in Disney world, but also Disneyland because no one will notice.
  Right.
  Yes.
  Everyone noticed.
  Yeah.
  You wanted that to go to hell and never be talked about.
  I did.
  Sincerely, I did.
  And then, yes, I think some people voted just to try to punish me or us.
  I agree, but not as many as I thought.
  And I think actually that votes were stolen from the, I, I, here's what I think.
  I don't know where it was happening.
  I've never been in our discourse.
  I don't know what's going on in there, but I think that there was like a Senate style, uh, jockeying for votes.
  I think that there was like a Kevin McCarthy type.
  Okay.
  We didn't have the votes this time, but we're going to run it again.
  We'll see if we can flip them and them and them.
  I think there may be, I think we can get, I think we can get them to switch from escape from tomorrow over to universal game cube.
  I think yeah, it was like, uh, what's the, what's, what are those folksy like, uh, like, uh, primaries during straw polls or something?  It's like, ah, everybody gets together and you like try to talk each other into something.
  It's very, it's casual.
  Maybe this is actually the club three pole more aggressive than the thing I'm talking about.
  I think it might've been.
  That's what I'm wondering.
  I'm wondering if there was, if not literal violence and the threat of violence.
  Uh, it's very possible because I really got the sense that people had very strong opinions about this.
  Extremely, extremely strong.
  They weighed in.
  It was, it was pretty clear throughout.
  And what happened was, uh, uh, bar rescue, the taff or so was off to an early, seemingly insurmountable lead.
  And then slowly you saw votes trickle over.
  Yeah.
  It was, you know, what it was like was the, the, the Biden Bernie where ultimately like who's going to,  everybody, different people are winning different states.
  And then the president gotten involved and said, everyone else dropped out.
  Here's what we're doing.
  Okay.
  You guys stand down our only chance to take down.
  Right.
  I mean, I was about to, I guess, yeah.
  Taffer is Sanders here, which is a bizarre metaphor.
  Doesn't make sense politically, but for this metaphor of what actually just physically dynamic.
  Yeah.
  I know I don't know, but in a way it makes sense.
  Cause I like them both.
  A friend did message me and go like, Hey, taffers does this taffers not go to hell.
  Right.
  And I'm like, I don't think so.
  I don't think that's what we said.
  I think it, I believe it was one of my, I think it's the Google dark ride.
  This is what happened.
  Yeah.
  Google assistant dark ride from CES 2019 goes to hell.
  Is there anything you'd like to say?  No, uh, literally my thought process.
  I, yeah, I think Mike was maybe gaming at a little.
  My thought process on both my choices were, Oh, that would probably be interesting to  talk about.
  Like, uh, uh, you weren't galaxy braining it.
  Like I was, I was not galaxy brain again.
  Although I didn't, it didn't work.
  What I was trying to do did not work.
  Well, what you'll it, it's not going to pay off for you until we do this again and  see if I, cause I know your entire methodology there was to protect your Grogu style  top.
  I have to protect Don knots at the word we're saying wrong.
  Apparently we key watch.
  She's I don't know how to say it.
  Uh, um, who, I don't know what this is.
  It seemed to just, I'm for it.
  I would do this episode, but you, you really, you fell on your sword to save  you on yachts.
  Cause I'm going to, I'm going to have to force that in somewhere else because I  know that's not winning a poll, but, but you know, like legends grow, I think by  us talking about here, maybe it'll come in hotter whenever it's true, but that  requires you to pick it next time.
  You're going to have to do it differently or pick one that one that you want or  one that you hate.
  Okay.
  Well I'll think about, I'll think about it next time and then we'll see if I, I  tried a galaxy brand or I just go from the heart, just pick what was interesting.
  Sure.
  Cause I, you know, I am a look, I'm afraid of being hurt.
  Okay.
  And that's really what this is about.
  Speaking of, you know, what is the thread that we let go is the idea that it's,  it's some point maybe in a club three or wherever you want it to be.
  Yes.
  You would tell the story about getting hurt.
  Yes.
  By a girl, by a situation involving a girl.
  Everything is really my fault in this situation.
  And it's very, I honestly, it's very in a quaint, innocent.
  Um, I don't think I'm ready today though.
  I just, I just, we didn't check in on that through line last time.
  So I thought you were going to bring up that I proposed that we could like add  something to the PTR constitution on club three.
  I mean, certainly that.
  I don't have an idea for that yet.
  Well, clearly things are getting crazy.
  You did do it last episode, I suppose that the, the, um, the one that came in  last was going to hell.
  I softened it instead of a year, but instead Google assistant goes to hell forever.
  I tacked an amendment onto it that it goes to hell if it gets in last place.
  Oh, I thought it was going to hell for one year.
  No, I argued no.
  No, it turned into it's forever now.
  Okay.
  You know what?  Let's do our official vote though right now.
  Cause I don't know, maybe Scott actually has decided the other way.
  Do we, let's vote.
  Do we think when we do something like a, a, would the rewind poll, excuse me.
  I forgot the name of the rewind.
  Topic rewind.
  Do we believe that the last place, uh, vote getter should never be talked about,  never get an episode on podcast.
  Right.
  I will vote first.
  I will vote.
  Yes.
  Yay.
  All right.
  Well, that's what's going to vote.
  No, cause I don't feel that strongly about that.
  I mean, my, my, my lazy fair, like my, my usual go to is for like a  topic, so either like, oh, I think that'd be really interesting to delve into or  it's like, well, this seems very silly.
  That seems like a lot of goofy fun.
  Uh, today, uh, turned out to be kind of both.
  I think so.
  Look, I'm happy with the result.
  I know.
  I think something started forming where it was like the, like the boys,  where we got to take Taffer away.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I saw this too.
  I felt like it was like, we were pushing John Taffer like, Oh, we need to do John  Taffer.
  It was the, there were some verbs used for what we were doing strong arming.
  What?  I don't, I don't know.
  I also sent a lot of like, we are, uh, you know, Taffer is, is, is right wing  and he's toxic and he's been, and I'm like, you know, we don't like him.
  Right.
  I know.
  I just said, you know, we're going to do show is fun to watch.
  Most of our guys are like the most chemical people in a bit, like the most  obnoxious.
  Well, these influenced things in a negative way more than John Taffer.
  Yeah.
  Uh, Taffer, Taffer does get weirder as time goes on and that show gets less  entertaining, the more polished it gets.
  I think season eight, season eight, I don't know the difference between the  seasons whatsoever.
  Well, this is what we have to figure out when we do the Taffer showed on the  second day.
  It just told the second day.
  Yeah.
  Whatever.
  We have the same, by the way, a lot of support still ultimately and, oh, and  just to say it became those two came down to, we've never had this before.
  Exactly the same amount of votes.
  And there had to be a runoff.
  Not even one.
  And I don't want to be, I don't want to get into Trump territory here, but it  felt rigged a little bit to me.
  That felt like too, too much of a coincidence.
  Do we know this?  Some listener knows someone at Patreon.
  I just think we should be able to, people should look into it.
  Yeah.
  Because how was it so perfect?  How was, how did it happen?  That's pretty crazy.
  It is crazy.
  So, so that seems really, yeah, seems, it shows you every vote counts for now,  unless we start kind of gerrymandering or kicking people out for our own  benefit, but we're not going to do this.
  It is will of the people, the runoff handily won by today's topic, Universal  Studios, Theme Park's Adventure.
  Yes.
  And I think we should say for sure though, that the Taffer is not going to hell  because of the runoff.
  I saw some people, I think in the comments there.
  Oh, cause that is a last place.
  That's the Google ride that's that went to hell and we will are not  allowed to talk about it ever.
  We're not allowed to do an episode.
  We even said the name too much.
  We should be, we should really be like, bleep, like the, it's the people.
  Oh, I'll bleep it out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  From beep EES.
  After this we'll bleep it out.
  29 beep.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like moves like Burt.
  We'll put over it when that happens.
  So, so yeah, no, it's fast.
  It's fascinating to see.
  This is my dream of what could happen in audience voted episode.
  This was very exciting.
  It was like changed by the day.
  I was checking every day.
  I was so fascinated.
  I was just seeing it go up and down.
  I love people's passion.
  I love the excitement for it.
  And the end, the topic that ended up winning, uh, I had the react as I was  learning about it, I had the feeling of like, I can't believe we didn't get to  this sooner because it's that funny.
  Like that's it.
  Look, while we are doing like, are we disappointed taffer?  The taffer said lost.
  Yes, but we know we can do it on the second gate and we will.
  Your voice was heard, taffer heads, but the never taffers one ultimately.
  And we got to this, which is great.
  It is a really good, that's a great topic.
  That's the right topic.
  So I'm psyched about that really quick before we get to it.
  Uh, um, next month things get back to normal.
  So we need your topic ideas in the Patreon comments.
  The incumbent is Disneyland smoking areas that got skipped over.
  That was the runner up last time.
  So it goes into next month's poll and we need four new ones.
  So get thinking and we'll see what the next vicious dogfight becomes.
  But, uh, with that we get to, oh, here they, you know what?  Let me introduce it with the, the many months ago, I had to go deep into the  comments to find who suggested it.
  Ryan O'Reilly, your day has come.
  And here is his exact wording.
  I'd love to see you guys cover the awful 2001, 2002 game cube game, universal  studios, theme park adventure, where you play mini games based on universal rides  with abysmal controls, answer trivia, shake characters, hands, and most  importantly, pick up trash.
  Such a good suggestion.
  This one was up in the Garfield eats month.
  So that was, so this is a perfect thing to get another chance here.
  Yes.
  Very exciting.
  I'm sure we're going to get into it.
  Um, I, I just, just an initial reaction thing that I realized when I was  watching some of the videos of this on YouTube, um, I just, I, I usually like  find a bunch of videos and throw it in my watch later so I can like go back to them  or revisit their rochin order.
  And I found a long play of this and it was an hour and 13 minutes long.
  And I'm like, Oh, this must only be part of the game.
  And then, uh, I quickly realized someone had managed to do the whole  game in an hour, 13 minutes.
  And that was too long.
  And I did watch it all, but this, this was, this was rough watching this.
  Oh God, absolutely.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  This is, this is one where Aaron was out.
  I will not watch clips of this.
  This is too unpleasant to look at.
  Um, now yeah, sure.
  That implies like a, uh, an easy game or an unflashed out game that you could do  it in such a short amount of time.
  But I feel like whoever posted that was a pro because I played this game.
  That's part of why I was really excited about this one.
  I did.
  I like right after college, I lived with somebody who still had the game cube,  Brian Roe and he, uh, well, we, we had this game.
  I was delighted that this existed and you start playing it and like, Oh, this  stick, it is a hot, I think you could easily have a many hours version of this,  but because as Ryan said, the controls are horrible.
  Especially like that w not to jump around too much, but like there's an ET game  and you got to be on a bike and balance on a bike.
  And I think this is harder than learning how to ride an actual bike.
  Yeah.
  And this kid, uh, whichever of the six avatars you pick, which are all boys,  kind of weird.
  Uh,  you cannot play as a female in 2001.
  Excuse me.
  2001.
  Uh, this kid gets, uh, messed up a lot in this game.
  Like either exploding back to his fires or just eating it on the bicycle.
  Or, I mean, look, this kid, this on the box, it should be advertised that you can  play as a child firefighter.
  That it was really quite something in a burning building with a little bit of  water on his back and up in a tank.
  The most fleshed out of the games there is I'd see how you could just call  kitty firefighter, little boy firefighter of the game.
  And yet he manages to smile throughout the whole thing.
  Ball.
  There are people in danger of burning alive.
  And this child is a big smile on his face as he runs around putting out fires.
  He's blasted by walls of fire, but like that would like torture your soul.
  If you had to think about later surviving it, you would, uh, there's PTSD  big barrels blowing up into the ceiling and he's getting knocked down and like  going invisible for a second, but he does not mind.
  He is loving every moment.
  This is, uh, and that's, and we'll, we'll figure out if we had the same  reaction while maybe not playing, but watching basics here.
  Um, the, I, I hate to correct Ryan who suggested this, but there was a, there  was a typo and it's very important.
  Of course it is not the universal studios theme park adventure.
  It's universal studios theme parks adventure.
  It is of course theme parks, plural, even though the game involves  precisely one theme park.
  Yes.
  Why?  Why is it  universal studios, Japan, this came out in December of 2001.
  That is the same year that universal Japan opens.
  Oh, this came out one month after the game cube came out.
  So this is like an early release title.
  Okay.
  Oh wow.
  One of the, one of the first game cubes.
  So I imagine paying full price for this.
  Uh, yeah, Jesus.
  Oh my God.
  Uh, um, could have been $60, I guess.
  Yeah, probably.
  Um, I remember thinking, you know, I was less my, I speak sometimes of the dark  era around college where my theme park hyper knowledge lapsed.
  I have a lot of regrets about this time and I've made amends for it, but I remember  playing this and going, sorry, where are we?  Like I know universal studio.
  I worked at universal studios when I played this the first time and like,  I've been to Florida.
  What is it?  I don't think I even knew there was Japan and that it was that new.
  So that's an interesting thing is you start is like, okay, I don't know this  layout, but I get, but you would know it if you'd been to universal Japan.
  And apparently that is one thing that it gets, right.
  It gets the details of those buildings and the layout.
  It is like, there's a novelty to running through a 3d version of this park in Japan.
  And, and this era, uh, it looks like a very interesting park, uh, from an  American perspective, cause like, oh, this is like half universal Orlando and half  universal Hollywood design wise.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, an interesting meld where you get a little bit of islands of adventure out of  the, the islands context, um, and, and some like odd original stuff.
  Yeah.
  And now in current times, I looked at the map of universal Japan and it's, it's  kind of crazy to see like Amity butts up against the forest from Harry Potter.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  His park is in the back part of the, the area, you know, and Snoopy's there.
  Like why is there, it's Snoopy.
  So weird.
  Nintendo is adjacent to the water world arena.
  Our bar most towering cultural influences.
  Our main IPs right next to each other.
  That's what you get.
  The most, um, uh, you know, kind of joked about movie and a very beloved, like  theme park stunt show, like very popular, always rated very highly, multiple places  around the world at this point.
  Well, there's a new one.
  We've just talked about this whole land.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, I, I was just saying, I was wondering if that is a good, should we watch the  movie I've never, I've never seen.
  I've never seen either.
  I have watched it.
  I watched it on like one of those, I don't know if it was network or cable, but  like a special broadcast where it's like, that was the whole night commercial  water, no commercials.
  So water world is a long movie and then broken up by commercials.
  Wow.
  That's a, that's a, as harrowing of an adventure as the smokers go on.
  That's what I kind of want to get it straight.
  You know, like, let's understand this mythology.
  Yeah.
  Let's see the atolls and in context.
  Right.
  And then, yeah, we can, we can, maybe it's a movie, but then we also have to go  watch the show again in person and see if it resonates.
  Yeah.
  So it's sort of a catch up with water world stunt show as well.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Just as we enter, you know, not well that it just opened in Beijing.
  It shows you that they've doubled down the future of universal is minions and  it's water world more still, of course.
  Yeah.
  So, um, yeah.
  Um, but this, you know, you don't get a lot of the odd Japan only stuff here.
  This is like, you know, the, it's, it's a bunch of mini games that are all based  on the big properties, it's Jurassic park, it's jaws, it's the stuff they own.
  Uh, and we'll get into all of those, but maybe the, the, the big, broad stuff to  talk about is, is the game play, um, which where to begin, I mean, you,  well, Hey, I know where to begin the first shot of the game itself.
  And I mean, the first part where you're in control, you're looking at the,  the iconic studio gate and kind of right before you take control, your player  takes control, there's just a bunch of balloons just ominously floating slowly  up into the air, like 40 balloons without obvious owners because there's no crowd  underneath and, but it's, it's a shot that looks, if you like, then panned down  from that to 40 massacred bodies that would make sense.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's something very eerie and still about the untethered balloons.
  Yeah.
  So we start off on a great note that start off with a bang.
  Uh, can I go back even further?  Please.
  Uh, one of the first things you see when you load it up and, and Jane caught  this on one of the videos, she's like, you have to go back and look at that.
  Uh, the disclaimer notice with the universal studios logo top.
  Notice this game is not a true representation of universal studios,  theme parks, but an interactive game based on universal studios, theme parks.
  And some of the characters featured are not associated with the park.
  Oh, so they're already like, they're already giving their distance.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  So sorry, my son can't fight real fires when we go there.
  There's no mention of like children should not, uh, operate old West six  shooters, children should not fight.
  That's fine.
  That's fine.
  Yeah.
  Um, do not run from the police on a bicycle, which would be a good, like,  yeah, that's, that's probably a good idea.
  You're not going to get very far.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, that's their car.
  The car is broken.
  Um, all right.
  So it's, it's warnings.
  It's eerie balloons.
  And then you choose one of the characters, all males in backpacks and you  are at the opening or, you know, kind of the entrance area of the park.
  And I feel like before you do anything, you have to go talk to Woody Woodpecker.
  And again, we've said it, we've been saying it so much lately.
  Uh, Woody, the Mickey of universal, and he gets so much play in this.
  He's never more associated with the brand than here.
  Yeah.
  He's the closest thing you have to like a guide essentially in the, in the game.
  And, uh, I mean, I was kind of holding off on getting too deep into the  Woody Woodpecker universe.
  And as we learned in this game family, uh, but, uh, that you had a lot of him  in this game and there was way too much Woody and he sounds like he's dying.
  Yeah.
  He sounds really odd.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And I don't even do, you don't sense the mischief.
  He feels very like robbed of his personality.
  Yeah.
  His annoying personality.
  Telling you stuff.
  Yeah.
  He's, Hey, he's got like this.
  Yeah.
  He's got like, I don't even know.
  Like Woody Woodpecker's real voice is just like very high pitched and like,  he's got a ton of energy in this, this Woody Woodpecker feels depressed.
  Yeah.
  He just got, got capped in the knees.
  Something is wrong with him.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like he's got some bad news behind the scenes and we don't know what it is, but  he's pushing through it because he has to host this video game.
  I am an entertainer.
  I do.
  I have a job to do.
  There's a public waiting for me.
  They want to hear the ha ha ha ha ha.
  And I'm going to give it to them.
  I'm going to give it to them.
  Fine.
  I can do this.
  They want to hear.
  Let me go out there.
  And they want to hear what you say.
  There's too many people and you don't have the right hat.
  I have to go tell people the right to crown it.
  I have to tell them that there is a stamp collection game in the park today.
  That's what this is important.
  Like today we're doing a stamp thing.
  It's a stamp collecting contest, which I know because I rewound it a lot of times  because that long player was really trying to get through those.
  I had to rewind a couple of times.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The openings before the mini games, he does not, which I wish I, I didn't  ever get to see the full thing because it'll start with something so enticing,  like, oh no, tragic news.
  I forget what he said.
  It's something like that before jaws.
  Like something horrifying has happened.
  The worst, the worst, not even mini game like task is at some point you find his  phone and he's like, hey, can you bring me my phone?  Is it him?  I thought it was him.
  I've been confused about that ever.
  I didn't know.
  I thought maybe that was some new character.
  I thought I could be wrong.
  Uh, I, I, I'm confused.
  What he lost his phone, phone, phone, phone.
  And then he, he says like, bring it to me by the water world arena.
  And then at some point it goes like, I'm actually by the old West arena.
  And at least in the version I watched a little bit of a second one too.
  It's like, that does not pay off at all.
  Well, it doesn't pay off probably because the player was like, fuck no.
  If I don't need it to finish the game, it is not happening.
  Um, so, okay.
  So there's stamp collecting contests.
  You, you play the mini games and when you beat them, you get stamps.
  No, no, no, wait, no, wait, no.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Those are stamps.
  I'm sorry.
  I was then what are the letters of universal studios?  Letters.
  Yeah, that's what I was getting to.
  Stamps.
  Letters are not stamps.
  So you have to find letters that spell out universal studios.
  And when you spell out that full phrase, then you get a stamp for that.
  Oh, that's a, that all culminates in one stamp.
  That the, the rides are stamps.
  Yeah.
  Each ride is a stamp.
  Each ride is a stamp.
  The universal studios letters give you a stamp.
  And then there's a quiz game that also gives you a stamp.
  There is a text based quiz.
  You have to answer as well.
  Can I ask a question though?  Cause maybe I did watch, I think the same one you watched.
  And I thought the letters were like lighting up, but you're saying you gained the letters.
  Well, they, he just found the letters walking around like they are just in each.
  You find them on the ground like trash.
  Oh, okay.
  You might find a balled up piece of paper or you might find an I or an S.
  Right.
  So he would find letters and then they would light up on that board on the bottom.
  Or in one case, Woody Woodpecker's cell phone.
  These are the things you can find.
  Uh-huh.
  Okay.
  Got it now.
  Sorry.
  I was confused.
  No, it's pretty, pretty clean.
  Once you think about it.
  Uh, yeah, it's pretty crazy.
  So you're, we got stamps, you got letters.
  Um, and like, what order even?  Well, okay.
  Let me take it through a little when I played the game and I didn't know any of this stuff.
  Okay.
  I consulted with Woody at the front of the park by the globe.
  I got it.
  I know how this works and I have sensed from the cover that I can go see Jurassic park  or get on the DeLorean.
  Great.
  I'm going to go find one of those.
  So I am off and I start going and left to right.
  I am going.
  And then there is a slow fade.
  And now you are looking at a new frame of a place that you are unfamiliar with.
  And now your character is going from right and in the back to left and towards you.
  And then the same thing happens again.
  And now your character is, you can't see them.
  Where am I?  And now you're going from all the way in the back to straight towards the camera.
  And that, like, I'm sure to the listener, this makes no sense.
  But what I'm telling you is don't imagine Mario where you're behind the character the  whole time.
  Right.
  It is still locked off shots.
  This is filmed like an old Western.
  Yeah.
  And your, your character is not tracked along with, with the camera and it changes.
  The direction changes every time.
  So every time there's a fade, you have to readjust to what direction am I moving?  Where is my character?  This is maddening.
  It is so headache inducing to play this.
  It's the term in video games is fixed camera.
  OK, so in some of the mini games, you can toggle the camera like Jaws gives you a  little more flexibility.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I generally move it around.
  They saved that ability for the mini games.
  Yes.
  And here it's just you got a camera on a tripod that is way down with lots of sandbags  and cement, and that's not going anywhere, no matter where you go.
  It's just so crazy.
  It's like that that filmmaking thing, the 180 rule you have to cut so that eye lines  are consistent.
  This thing is nuts.
  Wait, I moved off the right of the frame and now I'm all the way in the back behind a  trash can.
  Yeah, I can't see myself.
  I assume it's done and there's some way it's saving time and money because you don't  have to render.
  You don't have to be able to render the environments as you approach them from  different angles.
  Yes, I remember seeing this and I'm sure I'm wrong, but the first time in Zelda 64  in Ocarina of Time, there's a couple of times when you get out of the main big  field where you had a normal camera following you and then Link would enter a  village or something or a castle and he'd run through a courtyard, but the camera  was fixed and it looked different and it was OK.
  But it was obviously not as satisfying as being able to really like see what you're  doing.
  Oh, really?  I mean, because you're post, you know, Mario Kart at this point.
  Now you're like used to being able to even in 16 bit games to stay behind the  character.
  Well, Mike, you said I saw N64 mentioned a lot of like this is like sub par N64  grant like this is a GameCube.
  My brother had a GameCube and I remember a good amount of games like pretty fondly  and the graphics pretty fondly.
  Yeah, they weren't inherently.
  Yeah, there's great GameCube games.
  Yeah, of course.
  I but man, this is rough.
  Like it's not compelling.
  It's hard to play the graphics for the most.
  There's like one or two of the like locations or sets when you're walking around  like, oh, that looks OK.
  But then I kept to remind myself, wait, this was GameCube.
  Yeah, should be a step up.
  Yeah, I've seen which I will get into it later.
  The reboot that came along after this.
  But that the another version of this game came out on PlayStation 2, which was  released a year before GameCube.
  And it looks like night and day.
  It looks so much better.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And I know PlayStation usually PlayStation at the stronger computer than the  GameCube.
 That's usually the case.
  Nintendo.
 Yes.
  As the weaker powered system.
  So but still, this looks rough.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's really like muddy.
  I think for very low resolution, the colors are muddy.
  And you know, they also it just to the aesthetic madness that you do hear real  Jurassic Park music.
  You do hear real Back to the Future music, but you also hear just a lot of  like that.
 That the general theme parky music gets really maddening.
  Yeah.
 And it feels like whatever they play just on the whenever you're not in a  specific area, Universal, like obviously is much better than this.
  Beeping and like whatever this music you would call this music.
  I don't know why they didn't use that unless this is what they play in Universal  Japan.
 But I doubt it.
  Yeah.
 It sounds like weird, like generic GameCube music.
  Yeah.
 That that adds to the unreality issues where it's like that is the official  E.
T.
 Jurassic Park Back to the Future kind of music.
  Sure.
 I kind of wish I'll say this.
  I wish it was fake music with all of it.
  It would be better.
 It would fit better.
  I wish it was a rip off Back to the Future song.
  Well, so a lot of that, a lot of the scenes of the mini game, it is just music you  don't know.
 They'll pad it out.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
  Yeah.
 Let's put our music next to these iconic.
  Yes.
 And you do.
  Those will line up.
 But even the main theme, I wish it was just like a little like  a couple notes off.
  It would just be Back to the Future.
  Like just a little wrong.
  Just skirting.
 Yeah.
  Just even though we own this, we don't have to pay ourselves anything because it's  not technically that music.
  We just didn't think the game deserved.
  Right.
 Which would be correct.
  Like Zemeckis caught wind that we were using the theme and was like, what the fuck?  Get this out of here.
  This is crap.
  So let me again narrate when I first played this game and I didn't know the lay of  the land.
 I'm sure my first stop, if I could find it through the confusing layout,  was the Back to the Future ride.
  I mean, I do no matter what, no matter how bad this game is, I want to see how they  handled Back to the Future.
  So I run up there and there's a bunch of people waiting outside and Woody  Woodpecker tells you that it's too crowded and you can't come in.
  And I am, huh?  That's the first.
 I'm sorry.
  This is what you're telling me in this video game with my favorite movies and rides.
  And I don't even remember how I figured out initially that, no, no, no, you need,  you can't get on a ride until you have the proper hat.
  You need a hat that matches the ride, which in some cases is instinctual, but in  other cases you have to take a little step.
  Like what kind of hat would you need?  In this case, luckily, I think then you find out you need the BTTF hat.
  Okay, got it.
  How do I get that?  I believe what I did was go all the way.
  I don't know.
  I think I just wandered around lost for a while and then realized maybe Woody  Woodpecker knows that to help me.
  And I went and found him all the way at the front of the park and hoping that he  would say, here's your hat.
  And what he says is you need points to get your hat.
  How do you get points?  Pick up trash.
  So you can't, you need a hat to get on a ride, but you need to pick up trash.
  To get a hat.
  Yes.
  But also I found one of the blakers.
  Someone found if you talk to an employee early on, they'll say, Oh, you can get a  map.
  It's back at the beginning.
  Find someone to give you a map.
  And then that helps you navigate the park, which it really doesn't seem to know.
  Not when you're like, you don't know if you're left or right or up or down every  time the camera cuts.
  Also in his opening spiel at the beginning, Woody says, don't get lost.
  It's big park.
  And then you quickly find you have to go all the way back to him constantly.
  Many reasons in this huge park to go find him, even though he's all over the place.
  He's in front of every ride, but it's not the him that gives you hats.
  All the Woody the hat salesman is only the front Woody.
  Yeah, selling selling hats outside the scumbag bootlegger.
  I think Jane went out like, is he selling those like under the table?  Is he doing that?  He's like a counterfeit salesman outside the venue.
  It's very hard to see with the perspectives and the graphics, because lots of characters  are constantly glitching between stuff.
  But I think sometimes that's either meant to be Winnie Woodpecker, his girlfriend,  or not head his nephew or splinter his niece.
  What are these?  I am hearing this for the first time.
  Winnie Woodpecker is his wife or his girlfriend.
  His girlfriend.
  They're not a commitment.
  Are they? Yeah.
 Are they like kind of casual, you think?  Or is there an opening there?  Like in the way that Mickey and Minnie never get married.
  So they got an open thing.
  Yeah, they got their Polly.
  It's different.
  I also learned I can't like Winnie down.
  She's got so much energy to get out with every every partner she can find.
  This this also led to, you know, one of the other  beloved characters that shows up in this is  Chilly Willie, the penguin.
  OK, hold on.
 I got to stop you.
 I'm so sorry.
  Go back to the other two that you introduced because I don't know his name either.
  We got a cover.
 Nothead is one of them.
  Splinter is the niece and nothead.
  Like a knot in wood is like that, like the big survey.
  Oh yeah.
 K-N-O-T.
 Nothead.
  According to the Woody Woodpecker fandom, Nothead is the name of his nephew.
  So nothead and I forgot the other one already.
 Splinter.
  Splinter, thank you, are his nephew and his niece.
  So that means who or Woody? Who's his brother or sister?  I don't know.
  There is some off camera brother or sister who has produced offspring.
  Right.
 But we don't know.
 They're not his kids.
  Yeah, no.
  But Woody.
 Jason.
 Huh? Jason.
  Well, I looked at here.
  I just looked it up.
 Who is Woody Woodpecker's sister?  And it says Winnie.
  Wait, I know I saw Winnie listed on the fandom page as the girlfriend.
  Is this a Meg White White Stripe situation?  Is this the original?  Rumors have spread with her sister and brother, but they're married or something.
  You want to keep guessing.
 It's part of the mythology.
  Why am I getting this?  Oh, this is confusing.
  I will get to the grand finale.
  But the moment of that, we were watching it and I was writing something down at that moment.
  James, like, why is there a penguin watching the fireworks?  And I went back and I looked at it and really excitedly yelled, that's Chilly Willie.
  I believe you call them iconic a little bit ago.
  I could say it's Chilly Willie.
  I filed that away to comment on and question.
  I'm still trying to figure out Winnie Woodpecker and Jason wants to talk about Chilly Willie.
  And I want to talk about Chilly Willie.
  He is iconic.
 He's the correct.
  Because eventually I learned in one version, I think a newer cartoon,  Chilly Willie's girlfriend is Chilly Lily.
  Oh, really? Yeah, that's very cute.
  We're getting bombarded here.
  OK, I know.
  So we've got to process Chilly Willie and Winnie, a possible girlfriend, but a possible sister.
  I guess she is the girlfriend.
  Most things say girlfriend, but there isn't one source that says sister.
  So I wonder if that was changed or if that person or that person who posted it is just wrong.
  And there's a big debate on Twitter that's really annoying about whether Winnie  could keep a beat in terms of woodpecking or not.
  Right.
 Which I think is crazy.
  Winnie Woodpecker is iconic.
 Right.
  How are we arguing this?  Not as I kind of willy boy.
  There's nothing going on on Twitter today.
  Yeah, exactly.
  I yeah.
 Look, these are icons.
  Winnie Winnie.
  Is it Winnie? Winnie.
  Splinter.
 Not no, not Winnie.
  Other you know, there's also the specific on the splint on the.
  Oh, this is on Walter Lance fandom, by the way.
  So the Walter Walter Lance wiki,  the specific that not head was nuthead and splinter was a boy.
  This is in the comic.
  Changed it.
 Yeah.
  So so not a word is changing our characters.
  Our heritage is being changed.
  You should write in front of our eyes.
  Well, they made Woody totally sexless.
  He doesn't have children, just had niece and nephew.
  Woody can't be horny again.
  Actually, I'll say I want Woody to be horny.
  I would like to be horny again.
  I mean, look, they call the Woody Woodpecker fans.
  Pecker would seems like, you know, a dad is not sure.
  I guess I found apparently there's a song by Danny Kane,  the Andrews sisters called Woody Woodpecker.
  Well, is this the Woody Woodpecker song?  Isn't it? Maybe that's what it is.
  I think I think that was kind of a hit.
  Right.
 Jason's favorite song when he was 10, it just come out.
  It was a new song.
  Splinter.
 So anyway, not head was nuthead splinter.
  Woodpecker is not splinter.
  Ninja Turtles.
 Right.
  And Winnie is girlfriend, not sister.
  And Chilly Lily is Chilly Willie's girlfriend, not wife, not wife, not sister.
  These everybody still got openings.
  OK, for these Chilly Lily.
  So so well, you know, Woody Woodpecker eventually coming soon.
  Episode, I think we're still calling shots in April.
  That's all years, almost half over.
  So, yeah.
 So Chilly Willie appears in the you saw him in the game  because I missed Chilly Willie.
  OK, so Chilly Willie is both watching the show and at some point  on the in one of the first screens, you shake hands with him.
  You can shake hands with them.
  Right.
 That's an optional thing is to shake hands with characters.
  Yes, that gets you points that really remind you.
  There's a Connor O'Malley sketch where it's a fake.
  It's Hudson Yards, the video game like this unpleasant.
  Mixed use apartment building art installation in New York City.
  And you in that sketch, he gets hello points by just walking around going, Hi.
  Hello there.
 And it is hello points.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 In this precedent for this.
  Yeah, no, this is the precedent that sketches only a few years.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The and then and then in all caps, it'll say shook hands with Chilly Willie.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Which what a phrase to put in like, you know, like when you think about  like a just imagine that in a like, you know, America is at war.
  Shook hands with Chilly Willie.
  That that raised spirits that raised morale.
  We hope that our boys survive and get to come back and shake hands with Chilly Willie.
  That's what Chilly Willie, by the way, that that is very graphically difficult to see.
  You were very far away when that happens.
  There is a closer view when you shake hands with the grotesque Frankenstein.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And weird Frankenstein.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He looks weird.
  He doesn't look like the universal walk around Frankenstein.
  No, you also get there's an E.
T.
  and I don't think there was ever an E.
T.
  walk around in universal.
  So it's just like it's the realistic from the movie Little Squishy E.
T.
  Yes.
 And I think he's standing in front of back draft.
  I don't think he's in front of it.
  His wife is in it.
  You know, isn't he there? Yeah.
  I guess, hey, he lives.
  He can explore wherever he wants.
  We've also missed an aspect of this hand shaking,  which is that this used technology that was, I think, maybe new to the GameCube,  which is the haptic, the shake.
  Well, the technology that Rumble was in the controller  because they introduced that first in the Nintendo 64.
  Oh, there wasn't 64.
  It was a rumble pack.
  You have to put it.
  You bought it separately and it plugged it or no came with.
  Shoot it.
 Come with Star Fox.
  Yeah, it came with something.
  It was so yeah, it used to be an add on.
  Then they built it in the GameCube.
  In this game, there is an employee holding like a placard  who just says on the sign says on or off.
  And that tells you whether you have the rumble set to on and off,  which if you forget this rumble situation and you're just watching a walkthrough  and you just like, why have I run by a woman with a big sign,  a big red sign that says off?  Yeah, there is.
  There is an expedition theme park video about this.
  It sums up a lot of this in a good way, but you can see  Sam, the guy behind the chat.
  You can kind of see him slowly breaking down  as he's playing this game.
  This would be where a breakdown would occur.
  But the you know, the rumble is used for for impacts and crashes  and for, you know, big kind of exciting or violent moments in games.
  And here it is used for handshakes for handshakes.
  Yeah.
 And I look the PS5 has very sophisticated haptic feedback.
  So like and I know I haven't played a ton of PS5, but it's got like  there's a game called or it's on.
  I guess it's a game.
 Astros play room.
  Is that what it's called?  It's this little fun character Astro.
  And there's like when he's in the rain, there's this different type of feedback  you're feeling on the controller.
 It's really weird.
  It's cool.
  I don't believe it was that sophisticated with GameCube,  where it would feel like a handshake.
  So you probably just felt like a jolt.
  Yeah.
 It's like an electric buzzer handshake.
  Yeah.
 Prank handshake.
  Yeah.
 But that is, yes, the the excitement of a handshake.
  I mean, to us, I'll say this.
  If Jason shook hands with Chilly Willie, I do believe he would sense haptic  natural human haptic feedback in his body.
  Where is this? Am I having a heart attack?  It's like when me? No, that's just that's me.
  Feeling love.
  Yeah.
 Gives me a smooch during a buffet.
  I did feel haptic feedback in my body.
  Oh, no.
 No, it's not sexual.
  It's just, you know, you have a feeling, you kind of like you're vibrating on a level.
  I mean, if illumination, if Universal's happy with the way  illumination handled Super Mario Brothers, I think all the Dr.
  Seuss animated movies were big hits.
  I maybe give them the crack at Chilly Willie, give them a crack at Woody Woodpecker.
  You know, sure.
  And then Jason would go to the theater and feel haptic feedback.
  I don't feel it.
  But Universal could always use more walk around the characters.
  I mean, they they bought illumination at this point.
  They brought Dreamworks animation.
  So I guess they have characters, but the people want, you know,  the the people, me, one of the people in this room wants a new Chilly Willie.
  Yeah.
 You want a new Chilly Willie?  Yeah.
 I could let them do the million.
  Would you hold on?  The Winkle and Rocky.
  Would you rather have a new Chilly Willie or would you rather have a new hot stuff?  The little devil.
  Huh? Let's be honest.
  Or new baby Huey.
  Oh, well, that's a good you're getting into the Harvey characters.
  That's true.
 I'm just saying these are kind of all they I lump some of these  characters sort of together because they're a little bit old time.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Um, I think Chilly Willie really is the cutest.
  I think I think I think he's the one I've seen them.
  I feel like Chilly Willie stuff and Woody Woodpecker stuff in early  80s, mid 80s and 90s syndication when they were just throwing any cartoon  they could on TV, I've probably seen more of Woody Woodpecker and Chilly Willie.
  Check out some of Chilly Willie's 80s stuff.
  Some of the bad like they don't talk about it a lot.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's like the replacement.
  You know, you know, they really I know you were a big Chilly Willie guy.
  I just think he's cute.
  I agree with you.
 He's cute.
  I just didn't know he was one of your guys.
  This is one that's really been memory.
  Hold.
 Do you remember the 10 years ago?  Like one of the first, I think, early Netflix originals was like a kids  sitcom version of Richie Rich.
  I certainly do.
 He had like a weird like robot girl.
  Oh, man.
 It was really strange.
  Yeah.
 And it was like part of an agreement about the Harvey.
  I forget who owns the Harvey characters now, but.
  So, OK.
 Well, Chilly Willie  one of Jason's guys and maybe that's come up on the show.
  I just don't remember it.
  Mm hmm.
 I like I'm not going to say I don't I don't find this to be shocking.
  And I just think I would certainly add to me.
  Yes, I know he likes wimpy and Popeye.
  I know there's others characters.
  I just know he really likes and I guess I just didn't realize Chilly Willie  was one of his main guys.
  I mean, I think I'll probably brush up against some Chilly Willie stuff  when we go go real deep on Woody Woodpecker.
  I feel like Chilly Willie is going to come back.
  Something we've got to have in his own episode.
  We're going to brush up on Chilly Willie when we go deep on Woody.
  When you feel the haptic feedback in your tongue from.
  That's when we make everyone feel heart vibration.
 Yeah.
  Organic haptic feedback.
  So we like then the Woody and Chilly of this game is a success  is what we're saying.
  Yeah, I'm just saying I'm not trying to be delusional, but I can fix them.
  Hollywood, I can fix.
  It sounds like you like Woody, too, though.
  I'm because Scott and I are sort of negative on Woody.
  Woody, I want to see the source material.
  This is a pretty rough Woody.
  This is pretty bad.
 Certainly not in this game.
  But I feel like in general, in my whole history, I've never been a big Woody guy.
  But it sounds like you were a Woody kid.
  Yeah, I think I would probably I like seeing him from a distance  walking around Universal Studios Hollywood.
  But cartoons?  I've seen some Woody cartoons, but I really can't remember them specifically.
  This isn't a Senate hearing or anything.
  I just like if you liked Woody, you like Woody.
  Tell me to go shove it because you liked Woody and I'm an asshole for not liking him.
  I will not weigh judgment until we go deep.
  You know, all right, fine.
  No weighing judgment until we go deep.
  And I call the opposite shot to the deep dive.
  And you pull a shot away.
  All right.
 So now we're all right.
  We're shaking hands and we're picking up trash so that we can get hats when you.
  And it's really just like a scenario walking the streets you already walked  and you're picking up, but like balled up paper one at a time.
  And then when you do so, you get that all caps again and it says picked up garbage.
  Yeah.
 Which is also something you could say if you went to the store and bought this game.
  Uh huh.
 But grabbing garbage,  getting those points up and eventually it's unclear how many.
  It's like an odd amount to grab to end up to get a hat  and you probably can only afford one.
  And you're like, oh my God, it's I have to come back here to get every single hat.
  Luckily, you get points when you successfully win a game  and the games are going to be fun, right?  So that's going to be he must.
  That's a sure they say really all of the fun.
  It's honestly that the rest is so boring means that the games have to be.
  Yeah, they spend all their time on the games because those are the fun things.
  Absolutely.
 So maybe you get  let's just let's just go in the order of let me let's start small.
  I don't have a lot to say about when you get your cowboy hat  in which you honestly I'm looking at like, what's this? Oh, right.
  I guess there is a West thing.
  There's like the wild, wild, wild West stunt show.
  And it's like it's a shooting gallery.
  Makes sense.
 Perfectly plausible video game.
  Not a ton to say about that.
  What? Let's see.
  Back to the future.
 Let's go back to the future.
  And then I then I achieve my goal.
  I get to I don't remember what is it the Marty future cap?  I don't even know what I'm thinking like that.
  I will say about the wild, wild West one.
  That is, I think the term I looked it up.
  Forgive me if I'm using it wrong.
  Rail shooter.
  The that was in arcades when there would be like a giant plastic gun,  like bolted in and you can't change your view.
  The original Nintendo system had a lot of games where you would use the light gun.
  So the thing about rail shooters is  they're kind of a pain in the ass to play with a controller.
  So of course, there's going to be multiple rail shooters in these many games.
  There's a few of them.
  So that that's the wild west thing.
  Like I was like, OK, this would probably be in fury.
  And that's one of the shorter many games I feel like.
  Yeah, one of the more doable because some of these can take forever  if it's not initially easy.
  Yeah.
 So back to the future.
  Back to the future.
  So I was just comparing it in my head to like, OK, the back to the future  ride.
 What is the story here?  Well, you're in the you're in the Institute of Future Technology  and you're going to try out a new type of DeLorean that time travel inventor  Doc Brown is built.
  But something goes awry while you're on your little tour.
  And Biff has stowed away and he's going to steal a DeLorean.
  And even if you don't know the movies, you can discern from the pre-ride  materials that he's like a time travel troublemaker.
  And the system of bumping is set up that you can send  both vehicles back in time and get them back where he's supposed to be,  even if he's off on a on a goose chase.
  So that's where that's what you start the ride with.
  This one you start with a DeLorean unloaded  out of a truck.
 Woody Woodpecker is there.
  He says there's Biff.
  Get it, go.
  No, if you don't know the movies, the ride, you have no frame of reference  of what Biff is, why you need to get him.
  What if Biff is good?  What if it's better than me or you?  We don't see him.
 You don't see what he looks like.
  No, you technically hear him, but you really need to be told.
  You have to take it on faith that this is Biff because it's just  generic male voice.
 Number one.
  Oh, my God, the voice.
 Hey, hey, what are you doing?  Hey, what's what's up?  Are you OK? Oh, my God.
  What's up? Hey.
  And then I swear he one time he goes, who? Ha.
  The one I watched, he went, who?  Ha.
 At a certain point, he's being rammed by he's in a DeLorean.
  He's getting rammed by your DeLorean.
  But just like annoyed, you're like just annoying him by ramming him.
  What? No.
 What do you pay?  Hey, what are you doing?  And it's over and over again.
  A lot of these are you reused.
 Come on.
  This is happen even if he isn't getting hit.
  A masterful voice acting class compared to Woody Woodpecker.
  Oh, if you're a witty set the bar so low, I was like, well,  as far as a listenable voice, I would say yes, but not imitating.
  Yeah, then it is not what it's not as a voice directing class  because somebody should have said he's got like, just say attitude.
  And then maybe you would have done it with like, hey, yeah, are you OK?  Bully voice.
 That's closer.
  This is just hey, what? Hey, what's up?  Come on.
  Hey, the one.
  Hey, what's up?  It's just like he's like, he's like, hey, man, what are you doing?  And you feel bad for him in some of these line reads, honestly,  because he's supposed to be the bad guy, but he's like not.
  He's not like, I'll kill you if you bump me again.
  He's just like, hey, hey, come on, man, what are you doing?  He does not call you butthead.
  No, none of that.
  None of his classic jokes.
 He gets wrong.
  He says who? He says Al Pacino's line.
 Yeah.
  Oh, ha, ha.
 You can't handle the truth.
  And I didn't see.
 I swing.
  Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
  I'm ready for my close up.
  I did see it mentioned that, like, OK, at least some of these scenes  are kind of like moments from the rock, like the bar is so low.
  It does follow.
  Yeah.
 And look, I always like when there's something, you know,  I like that Disneyland Adventures NES game  where it's kind of like you're going on Haunted Mansion or Pirates.
  So I appreciate it on that level that, oh, it's a thing I can do at home  where it's the same order of events.
  I'm in Hill Valley in the future and then I'm in the Ice Age  and then I'm in the lava age.
 Yes.
  I don't think any dinosaurs factor in.
  You're pretty much just in endless tunnels.
  Visually, this is not the worst.
  I would say Biff's voice is what weighs this one down.
  Yeah, it's not the worst.
  It's clear that, like, they just it's clear not a ton of work  went into the backgrounds on this, but that's OK.
  It's better than some of the other games.
  Yeah.
 But like a lot of the games takes forever.
  Yeah, because you have to bump him not once, but many times.
  50 times.
 Yeah.
  Get the bar, get his health bar all the way down and then the mini game ends.
  Kill him.
 And there's nothing that changes or like it's harder about it.
  I don't like it's just the same thing over and over again.
  And you never really gain on him.
  You know, bumping him from behind.
  Just so you catch up kind of at the same degree every time.
  Yeah, it's really it's not.
 Yeah, you're not having a race with him.
  You're just stuck behind him, bumping him.
  It is just yeah, it's like being stuck in traffic.
  I can't get around this guy.
  And you're no matter how many times I hit him, he won't get off the road.
  It's really like it's a simulator for you being a dick in traffic.
  Yeah.
 Just bumping the car in front of you because you're mad.
  It won't get out of the way.
 Hey, hey.
  And that's when he's having a genuine reaction to that.
  Well, what a regular person.
 Come on.
  Justified.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What?  What are you doing? Don't.
  Yeah, it's something.
  But then at the end, he gets back to his time and he is promptly swarmed  by six police cars.
  The police arrested him immediately upon getting back.
  It's really funny.
 All the cars swarm.
  How do you do it? Like for them to have been ready.
  It's like Woody had to like, like, OK, time traveler left.
  I'm going to call the cops and hopefully he comes back to now.
  Yeah.
 So we could be ready to arrest him.
  Sorry.
 What seems to be the problem?  Time crimes.
 I don't have time to explain it.
  He did time crimes.
 Get back here.
  He's in the year.
 Lava, eight lava year.
  And he's messing with it.
  He's in the lava.
  He's going to mess up the lava age.
  He's going to turn all the lava to ice, maybe.
  Yeah.
 Now you got to arrest him when he gets back.
  The lava here is going to be all messed up in the future.
  If we don't get the lava safe in the past.
  I mean, well, sir.
  And sorry, are you your last name?  Woodpecker.
 OK, Mr.
 Woodpecker.
  If we're even having this conversation, it seems to me that there was not  any sort of lava disruption.
  No, no, you got it.
  No, you're not thinking you're not galaxy brain in this office.
  Just get over here.
  I give you assholes enough kickbacks for my hat selling business.
  Don't you trust me?  I wasn't I one of your guys when you were little?  Doesn't this sound familiar?  And you want to you want to hook up with my girlfriend?  We're not exclusive.
  She's also my sister.
  Look, I got that bumper sticker.
  I got the police benevolent association card in my wallet.
  You got to get over here and do what I say.
  So come on, lock this fucker up.
  Lock this guy up as soon as he lands in the future and the time the present.
  I mean, sorry, all the time machine.
  There is time machine and you a big woodpecker or a way.
  Yeah, I'll explain it.
  Don't tell anybody.
  Come on, the public couldn't handle it.
  You will.
 Yeah, you chilly.
  Willie was your guy, wasn't he?  That's why you're not listening to me.
  It's because he's cuter.
  You can go to hell.
  So that happens.
  That's how it works.
  In it, I'm again like trying to go kind of what's the what are the crazier ones?  I'm going to bring up E.
T.
  Oh, yeah.
 Isn't that nuts?  But as said, you're so sorry to go back to the future.
  Well, no, please.
  One of the funniest parts is the DeLorean door opens up and then you  remember the child driving it.
  No, that's right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it is like a 13 year old.
  Yeah.
 Ten year old like big smile.
  And he's behind the wheel of this car that flies.
  And you're like, oh, yeah, that's not.
  Oh, that's probably not a good idea.
  But he did fine.
 He did well.
  So it doesn't matter.
  He rescued the he saved the lava.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, E.
T.
  Is this this is a lot like paperboy.
  Oh, yeah.
  And a lot of it is.
  So you're on.
  I will say this.
 I think they really nailed the wobbliness of a bike.
  You don't know.
 It really does feel like riding a bike and you don't quite know how.
  Yes, you are.
 And you have to keep it so straight,  which is hard because it's moving left to right.
  So like which which way do I go with this multi directional controller?  And you fall like the watch through the watch through is it does it's not  illustrated.
 I fell so much when I played this.
  I'm not sure I finished the E.
T.
 level.
  The animation of him falling is so funny because he's completely splats  on the concrete for like his hands go down.
  It looks like his face plants a little bit and like he would he would really  get hurt in this scenario of how he wiped out on a bike and E.
T.
  in his front basket also would get pretty hurt.
  Yeah.
 Falling this much.
  Because he's helpless and he's fragile.
  I know he's like in the narrative of the movie.
  He's kind of got his power back a little bit here, but still he's bruised.
  He's going to get bruised from falling this much.
  He's not at 100 percent when he's in the basket for sure.
  Yeah.
 So so the amount of times that your Elliot boy  or falls here is really funny in that context.
  Oof.
 Yeah.
  He gets this kid gets the shit kicked out of him.
  Probably in this game more than any other one.
  Yeah.
 Well, you know, back draft.
  This is an argument.
 Yeah.
  But he loves fires.
  It does seem like they put more time into the falling mechanic  than the actual playability of this game.
  We have to make sure that we're accurately hurting this 10 year old.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, that happens.
  And there's like little ramps and stuff.
  He has to jump over.
 It's also like doesn't quite.
  There's like Mario Kart.
  I don't forget even what they're called, like speed, like speed.
  Whatever you run over, whatever you would call it.
  And like you accelerate and then there's ramps and stuff  that you're supposed to jump.
  But look, if I'm Elliot and I'm trying to get or this kid,  I'm trying to get E.
T.
, I'm going to avoid the ramps just straight.
  Go straight to the ship.
  You have no room for error if you mess up one of those ramps  and probably you will.
  Of course you'll.
 Yes.
  Because your bike is weighed down by this massive alien in the front of it.
  Is it not a street where just a lot of people have nicely put planks of wood  up towards the roof of their car?  Yeah, that's what I'm recalling.
 Right.
  So that's that's nice.
  Yeah, I guess there was a construction project in the neighborhood.
  And everybody had two beams lying around.
  They didn't need yet.
 Of course.
  Then also towards the end, the earth starts collapsing under you.
  There are big chunks of road that just drop out  like like catastrophic.
  Yeah, like the mudslide.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The apocalypse is near is kind of what it feels like.
  Like, oh, yeah, the earth is imploding.
  I'm trying to drag the back to hell.
  The devil is trying to get E.
T.
  That's right.
 That's where he came from.
  Right.
 From the planet hell.
  You will take anyone out.
  You really can associate Universal Japan with a lot of suffering  if you if you played this game first.
  Like, yeah, so far, just like the fender benders,  bumping cars, collapse of the earth, filled with trash.
  So much trash, so much so that they need people there to do it.
  And not because they don't even have the custodial staff  to keep up with the amount of trash.
  Yeah.
 Has to be collected by the patrons.
  By the way, ironically, the opposite of I didn't go to Universal Japan.
  But based on Disney, it's the cleanest parks on earth.
 Absolutely.
 Yes.
  I was thinking to go back to the trash for a second, how it is.
  It is kind of amazing that we made it out of the era of Bob Chapek  and that he didn't start thinking,  how bad do you want to go on Rise of the Resistance?  Bad enough to pick up some trash.
  Yeah.
 The points for trash system.
  He was just ready to green light it, I bet.
 Yeah.
  It was on his desk with some cutesy.
  Who's a character who's like helpful?  Oh, interesting.
 I like.
  I can't think of what it would be.
  I guess he'd have to be on land.
  But what about like Fix It Felix?  Like like now, now you can pay $30 and be a Fix It Felix and Fix It.
  Felix likes to make the world better around him.
  So all you have to do is pick up 30 pieces of trash,  show them at the entrance of Rise of the Resistance or the web slingers.
  Yeah.
 And and that's all you had to.
  And it was and it's like a fun scavenger hunt.
  It's different every day.
  Yeah.
 And you get it.
 Maybe you get a stamp.
  Maybe you don't get on a ride even.
 You just get a stamp.
  Maybe there's something like that.
  You save right.
 If your kids really want to stamp,  you can all be they can sign up to be Fix It.
  There's just there's a $30 entrance fee.
  That's like, you know, certain jobs you buy into.
  You need to buy your own uniform.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
  Unreasonable as and on your way out of the park,  if you want to just open up one of the garage,  a garage, garbage cans and just pull a trash out and take it home  and throw it away there.
 Yeah.
  Feel free.
 Or just any dumpster you drive by.
  People love that.
  I did write down the beleaguered guard who teaches you about trash says  people should throw garbage and garbage cans.
  That's pure common sense.
  Like, it's like, what?  Why don't you pick up some trash, pal?  You're just standing here.
  Why don't you and the rumble guy pitch in, you know, the time job?  If that sign goes down for one second, people will all.
  Everyone in the park won't know if their internal rumble is working.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So it'll learn those two things from employees.
  But then a random guest says, like, you can get a map back at the entrance.
  When you're standing in front of fake digital stores, which in real life  for just everyone has a map at the cash register that piles the maps, you know.
  I is all of the trash because all of the maps have been thrown on the ground.
  Is that why there's no like, nobody knows where to get some get maps anymore?  Yeah, maybe that might be the narrative reason.
  These rude people, all these rude visitors of this park.
  Yeah, it's just common sense.
  I think I have the order right of weirdness of these things.
  I'm going to go to Jaws.
  There is a Jaws minigame.
  And this is a little interesting in a way because you  just as a video game, it's unique that it's like the the finale of Jaws.
  And you're on the boat and you've got the barrels  and Jaws is coming at you and trying to attack the boat.
  And you have to throw the barrels right in time.
  Like in theory, on paper, pretty good.
  And I feel like it's been other Jaws video games, but for a mini one,  sure, that's the essence.
  It kind of takes away that you need it for the gameplay.
  But the fact that you get a little red dot that shows you that Jaws  is coming from this way kind of ruins the surprise.
  I feel a little bit of being able to like, yeah, because because Jaws is shocking.
  I feel when he comes up out of the water, you kind of it's kind of like a puzzle game.
  It's like Simon, you know, you have to situate yourself  on the right side of the boat, pick up a barrel and then throw it  when he's like not at the boat, but like a little before that.
  I must be frustrated.
  I don't recall playing it, but I bet getting that sync up right is kind of hard.
  I would not be surprised if they didn't have that there.
  And then they started playing it and they're like, oh, this doesn't work  unless you know where he's coming from.
  Yes.
 And they were like, well, what do we do? Do we change the game?  No, we don't have any time or money.
  OK, well, let's let them know ahead of time.
  Red dots.
 We have dots.
  Red dots.
 I guess you need that.
  But I mean, in terms of the weirdness of it, again, it's that  if you're playing this poorly, Jaws is successfully  snatching up big chunks of boats.
  They maybe leave you like hanging off the edge and kicking, flailing for your life.
  But you'll get a shot of your character doing that with the widest smile on his face.
  Yes.
 Again, he's love his little boy is loving every second of this.
  He is in terrible danger every time, every time.
  And he loves that listener.
  By the way, if you got to this point and you're like,  I kind of want to see this playability for myself.
  You can find this game on eBay for under twenty dollars.
  You might not get the case, but you can find the disk for really cheap.
  Well, under 15.
  Yeah, I looked a little bit around Burbank because there's a couple of retro gaming shops.
  I did not see it for some reason.
  That's maybe not the most in demand game.
  Well, and if you have it, you're not going to give it up.
  Yeah, because, yeah, of course.
  And then I went I was like, I went to the Burbank mall to look for it.
  And that retro gaming store is closed.
  What? Oh, yeah.
  So oh, well, that was another one felt like a fake store, though.
  So there's many of those things do.
  Yes.
 In this era of mall.
  Then you got where do we go from here?  Let's do what am I forgetting?  Oh, let's talk Jurassic Park.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Jurassic Park is pretty nuts.
  And in this one, you are in the back of a Jeep.
  And I don't even want to beat around the bush.
  You're shooting dinosaurs.
  You are there are you're killing dinosaurs with missiles.
  You get a kill count at the end.
  You're killing dinosaurs that don't even look like they're a threat to you.
  Yes, some of them maybe are, but there's like triceratops  like just running around and you're like murdering all of them.
  That you're far away from.
  They are not the direction you are going.
  And then bang, bang, bang.
  Three triceratops go down.
  You are shocking.
  Blasting them with a with a gatling.
  You're blasting them.
  Multiple weapons.
  Multiple weapons.
  There's a homing missile kind of thing.
  And then there's just a rapid fire gun.
  And this is interminable.
  I like this goes on for so long.
  You remember this is a 10 year old who is operating these weapons  and killing dinosaurs while like having Ellie Sadler  stand in drives is driving and says, get out there.
  Coming.
 Get on the gun.
  Like, get on the 10 year old.
  Get on the gun.
  You shoot and kill anything you see, anything with a pulse.
  You kill it dead.
  That's what the instruction is.
  And this 10 year old, if you would see him, I'm sure they giant smile  on his face the whole time because he's a psychopath.
  That's what I think we're realizing.
  This child feels nothing.
  The person playing it got really good at the homing missiles.
  And you can tell at one point they dawned on them like,  I think this will be over faster if I just use the rapid fire.
  If I just shoot him, like if I just do like, hold the button down.
  Enough rounds into every dinosaur to kill them 10 times.
  Yes, it is so funny to watch this  because it is a relentless dinosaur bloodbath.
  Yeah.
 And yeah, there's no there.
  Yeah.
 Like dinosaurs just approaching.
  They could be approaching just to like, say hello or sniff.
  And no, no, they're getting high level, like high tech missiles, homing missiles.
  Yeah, that's not even do.
  Was there a homing missile in a Jurassic Park movie? Maybe.
  I lose track at a certain point.
  But there was that one game that you kind of went inside and sat on the bench  and had guns.
 That's a different.
 Yeah, the game.
  Yes, there's another game where you're just murdering dinosaurs.
  Yeah.
 Very.
 That is a better game.
  I'm trying to remember how it went in the movie.
  Like Dr.
 Grant is with the kids and it was such a difficult night,  but they have a moment of peace and they wake up and it is really beautiful here.
  And then, yeah, and then a little like nussling,  nessling at the where they're sleeping and, oh, my gosh, a giant brontosaurus.
  And they kind of take in the majesty of it and then just fire round after round.
  Should like like jam bombs into its eyeballs.
  How many ways can we kill this thing? Yeah.
  And the kids like climb into the guts of it and are like, oh,  they're like celebrating with big smiles on their face like we did it again.
  And like this body, one of them still alive and they pull out the long intestine  and start choking.
  Just barely breathing brontosaurus.
  Just choke the life out of it with a big smile on their face.
  They rip.
 They rip one brontosaurus neck off and use it to go choke  one of the other brontosaurus.
 Yes, exactly.
  And that's a wonderful scene from the first movie.
  Yeah.
 Mealy whippin.
  And the first the Sega Genesis Jurassic Park game was very fun  because you either play as a raptor or you play as Dr.
  Grant with a gun.
  But at least they went out of the way of like it shoots tranquilizer darts  or it shoots electricity.
  I guess in theory, these could be round after round of tranquilizer bullets.
  In theory, in theory, there may be a homing missile filled with Nyquil  that just puts the dinosaurs to sleep.
  OK, yes.
 OK.
  And this thought exercise, the missile also explodes as a firework  attached to it as well.
  So to tranquilizer full of Nyquil, but there's also a separate firework  that makes it look like something has blown up.
  Yeah.
 To give you that like we want to give this 10 year old  the sensation of making a triceratops bleed.
  Yeah.
 But we don't want to do it for real.
  Exactly.
 There's a little capsule that's possible.
  The T-Rex chases you the most.
  And like by the end, that T-Rex has like a thousand tranquilizers in it.
  Yeah, there are so many bullets in this T-Rex by the end.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's just it would look in real life.
  It would be just disgusting.
  Like you could you could spell your own name out.
  And oh, my God.
 Yes.
  Can is this time to bring up that they decided to like other than maybe?  Well, I guess JAWS sort of in the future, some of these aren't like the ride.
  Oh, yeah, I'd say most most of them are not like the ride.
  And this one is another.
 It's not a river adventure.
  And ET is I mean, you're on a bike, at least in that one.
  But you don't, of course, go to the green planet like it's not.
  Now, which is the majority of that's more than half.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  So this one, your Jeep eventually goes up the back of a brownisaurus.
  Does it rides up it and like like jumps off?  Yeah, like like you do a reverse red red red Flintstone.
  Yeah.
 Stopped.
  If you can imagine that I sometimes stopped looking at the screen.
 Yeah.
  There.
 Yeah, this is another one where I did watch all an hour.
  But there's things you've said where I go.
  I miss that.
 And I was in one brain and out the other.
  Pretty intently.
 I wasn't even like there was a baby around,  but I was watching TV, so I must have like darted away or dozed off or something.
  I don't know.
 Mm hmm.
  So you hear anything?  Is this an example of you trying to like, can I combo baby care and podcast research?  OK, let's put this on.
  Boobaboo.
  Boobaboo.
  Roar.
  Screech.
  Roar.
  I had had killed 100 dinosaurs.
  I had headphones on.
 OK.
  So that kept the baby from watching the screen,  which was good.
  One of her first memories being dinosaur blood.
  Yeah, no, I don't want her.
  I don't want her to have to see that, although she ends up watching wrestling here  and there just because it's on.
 OK.
  But still, I feel like it's making her violent eventually.
  Like it will.
  Like when she like throws a forearm in my chest,  which happens sometimes when she's upset, I go, did I teach her that?  Mm hmm.
 Did I did she learn a move from the TV?  I don't think so, but it's possible.
  But she's not strong style.
  You don't you don't want her like first words to be like, you don't have the right hat.
  Then, you know, you've really had to.
  Yeah.
  Let's get into I do believe that the most insane one is back draft.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Just that it's there at all that now we're now we're  on about 10 years past the movie, an odd property in general,  always in the parks.
 And it is funny that in 2001 they built a brand  new back draft for Japan.
  And now finally, you're in the world of back drafts with all your back draft  pals.
 But mainly, yeah, you are a child in a kind of real.
  They nailed it here, I will say.
  This is the most realistic action and environment.
  And I think the fire they do a good job with for them.
  You know, like this one they spent the most time on.
  Yeah, definitely.
 Yeah.
  And you there is a countdown clock that is 15 minutes.
  So this thing could take 15 minutes if you want it to.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You have to rescue people.
  And when you find them, they disappear.
  And they're like, thank you.
  And then but you also you.
  That's very upsetting to me, by the way, that you you it's like you're  because you know, I understand that you collect items in a video game  and then they end up in your little tool belt or whatever.
  But it's really weird that you bump into a person and then they disappear.
  They disappear.
  Feel like you save them.
  I feel like heaven, let's be honest.
  Yeah.
 You freed my spirit.
  You were meant to die in this building.
 Right.
  Goodbye.
 Better life awaits.
  I faintly remember a firefighting game or two.
  And usually if you found someone, that was the end of the.
  You had to get to someone to rescue and you would get points for putting out fires.
  This you pretty much just put out fires to get through the level.
  And there are also sometimes they explode at you.
  Yes, a lot, a lot, I would say.
  And again, the smile never breaks.
  You are just plowing through walls of flame.
  Yeah.
 As if you're having a sunshine.
  Kids having a ball doing it.
  It would almost make more sense that he's running around a building, setting fires  from what we've seen of what he likes to do in this game.
  And we haven't there could be a missing scene.
  Yeah, this very well could be.
  How does he wait?  How does he know the the building so well?  Doesn't seem like isn't that one of the toughest things  and you're fighting a fire to know where people?  Yeah.
 Where do you go and what's load bearing and where can people be?  It seems to me he knows this blueprint a little too well.
  Yeah, I agree.
  I think I know there's there.
  You're never given a cause of the fire either.
  No, this kid wants mayhem and bloodshed like back drafts.
  Maybe the person setting the fires is a little too close to putting them out.
  Oh, well, well, well, then this is probably the most accurate to the film, isn't it?  That's right.
 Yeah.
  So that's got to be what it is.
  Wow.
 Well, so it's good.
  So we all agree back draft is good.
  I and then then I mean,  I think the most to me, the like legendary  one of the attractions that are simulated in this  in this game, like the the the most epic one to me.
  Waterworld.
 Oh, man.
  This is so great.
  This is mercifully short.
  Hey, I guess the closest one to the ride.
  Yes.
 Yeah, the right.
  I literally so right.
  So you might be wondering if you haven't played this.
  What are we doing in this?  Because in Jurassic World, you're on the run from the dinos murdering them.
  And in back draft, you're trying to put out a fire that you started.
  And in Waterworld, am I off jet skiing into the atoll with the smokers?  Yeah.
 No.
 What you are doing here is watching the very end of the Waterworld  show where the plane lands and splashes and then there's a big firework burst.
  Yes.
 And here I have the exact copy that comes up with Woody on screen.
  You can see the demonstration of the climax here.
  Choose your seat to see the demonstration.
  It starts the climax scene when you are seated, which is a creepy.
  That's sort of akin to it.
  It puts the lotion in the basket.
  Yeah.
 And then you are given  an overhead schematic of the Waterworld stunt arena and you are given your choice of five seats.
  This is kind of it's kind of a simulator of picking a seat in a movie theater.
  This is the closest thing to what I actually might want from this game.
  Yeah.
 Which is more of a simulation of being in Universal Studios.
  That's the thing they pull off the best.
  We just run around the streets except the layout's horrible.
  But yeah, I don't want some.
  You were just complaining.
 It's not like the rights.
  This is literally what happens at the end of the Sea War spectacular.
  Right.
 And you watch it from four different angles to complete the midi game.
  Five.
 Is it five? It is five.
  Oh, man.
 Yep.
 You could do front and center.
  You could do off the left and the right and then kind of a midpoint.
  Some of the seats have obstructed you.
  Imagine a video game where anything's possible,  such as pylons that get in the way of you seeing a stunt.
  That's realism.
  This should be so much more of a simulator where you're trying to get on all the rides  by the end of the day and sometimes they're closed.
  Sometimes something breaks down.
  Like this is the realism I crave if we're doing a universal game.
  I hadn't thought about this that for here, I am complaining about the tedium  and you have to pick up trash and you got to go way to the front.
  Yeah.
 Deal with this for you and what you like in theme park world.
  This is kind of getting to your it's all the only thing it's missing is checking.
  Well, exactly.
 So I yes.
  Like with the Woody Woodpecker having to go back to the start  and find the right one and all that, it should it should just take that tedium  and apply it to the real life tedium of going to a theme park.
  Yeah, I wrote this down to there should just be three to five minute sections  where you just have to wait in line because it's like you kind of change  the angle.
 You see the people shuffling in front of you.
  So it gets distracted and holds the line up.
  It can't be made up tedium like collecting trash.
  They they're inventing things now that don't exist in a regular theme park day.
  And they're trying they're trying to do too much.
  They could have gotten a lot more out of the actual realistic tedium  of doing a day.
  And then you can select different waiting in line actions like, yes.
  It wouldn't have been get on your phone at this point.
  But is it like bend down tie your shoe?  Is it touch the the the top of the stanchions and maybe even like act  like your hand is a little plane as you walk along?  Yes.
 Is it trying to sit on one of them for a second?  Right.
 You think that it can bear the load of your body?  And you get you can see there's an employee that doesn't want you doing it.
  And you have to kind of sit when they're not looking at you.
  Oh, and is that more exciting than the just like it's so almost random  and untethered, the idea that you're trying to stop jaws from.
  Let's get into some real world enemy.
  Yes.
 And you're in the DeLorean on the actual just ride and then you get spray.
  Universal does its trademark water spray and it like gets your shorts really wet.
  And you go into the gift shop and you're like, how am I going to really pay  fifty dollars for Universal Studios shorts?  And they're like, but I got to because my shorts are wet and makes it harder to walk.
  So you're finding they're getting haptic feedback as you're walking  because your shorts are soaked.
 Oh, from splishing and then you consult with Woody.
  Like, seems like you got soaked.
  Yeah, your shorts are really wet.
  What are you going to do about it?  Yeah, I guess you should wear sandals next time you come.
  Then you don't have to worry about socks.
  Why are you wearing corduroy pants?  Corduroy shorts.
 Sorry.
  Now, are you here for the software conference?  This is why it's in Universal shorts.
  Sorry, you don't have enough hats to buy shorts.
  Yes, there's all these really good things they could have done.
  And yeah, they invented tedium and they tried to make the rides  like you living the ride and they missed the point.
  They missed the complete point of this.
  But they kind of they nailed it with Waterworld.
  They nailed it with Waterworld.
  You get to sit and watch something happen at a reasonable distance.
  Yeah.
 And then they should have had you get like your little shorts get soaked  and you have to figure out what to do, how to dry them off.
  And maybe there's little secrets like there's a real sunny part of the park.
  And if you just sit there for 10 minutes, your shorts will get dry.
  Or you can.
 There's many options.
  Choose your own adventure.
  They could have one of those drying stations, but then you got to spend points  or money or stand.
  You have to get that.
  Oddly, the drying stations cost two stamps.
  So those you pay in stamps, not money or hats or points.
  And then that makes you have to go back and do the rides again, which  which you don't get on those unless you have enough trash.
  Yes.
 Now you're combining your combining ideas, which is fine.
  You know, this is a blue sky thing.
  But yes, all of these things are on the table.
  And I feel like I feel like the people who made this didn't know universe.
  They don't actually know what the experiences.
  But they were.
 But you're.
  But I think there's they got a no, they did get they did get the tedium.
  You know what they got.
  You know what I think they got about universal is the often the lack of magic.
  Those moments, you know, so where you're just like, I'd rather be at home than here.
  There is nothing inherently wonderful.
  You know what I mean?  Because at Universal Hollywood, especially lately, it's there's been sort like  you're looking at wait times like, OK, either Simpsons is 15 or it's 85.
  And there is nothing in between.
 Right.
  And when you're in an 85 zone, you're like,  I bet I sit in my car with air conditioning.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's better than being here.
  Let's not forget the last stamp, the movie trivia game.
  Oh, of course.
 Where you you get the answer.
  Conclusion to this video game.
  First off, this is administered by Winnie Woodpecker.
  She says, I'm Winnie Woodpecker.
  Or catchphrase.
  And she she has two questions like  this is the funniest thing.
  Who chased the bone collector?  What was the name of Patch Adams love interest?  What was Helen's occupation in Waterworld?  Helen's occupation in Waterworld and by the and you're like smoker atoller.
  No, no.
 We mean before it was Waterworld.
  What did Helen do in the before times?  The character Helen.
  Everyone picture Helen in your mind from Waterworld.
  And now think about her job.
  Yeah.
 Think about hey, think about Patch Adams.
  And now we have some questions about it.
  Yeah.
 One video I saw there, like there are so many potential questions.
  So if you get it wrong, I think you only get three wrong before the game ends.
  You have to hide the game.
  It's all fairly like a mission impossible, like mission where the disk will self  destruct if you get the questions wrong.
  It restarts and you're not guaranteed to get the same questions again.
  So if you you should know your universe, the history,  I believe Patch Adams love interest is named Karen C.
A.
R.
I.
  I don't even know the answer to the bone collector question.
  Karen, right?  That's not a spell, Karen.
  You said Karen K.
  You have to watch the universal library, the whole thousands of films  to know how to beat this game.
  This was Rich.
  Jay was like, why are they talking about the bone collector?  Are they talking about Patch Adams?  Chase the bone collector?  The bone wanter?  That much?  I was like, they're just universal releases, I guess.
  A skeleton? Yeah.
  Yeah, why are these questions?  I thought they were going to be just about the movies with the rides  you went on at the very least.
  Some of them are.
  There's a few about backdraft.
 Right.
  What did Adcox call the hero in the opening scene of backdraft?  That wasn't addressed in the game.
  No, these are not questions you learned.
  No, you're just a freewheeling 10 year old arsonist.
  You don't deal with Adcox or the answer, which seems to be baby McCaffrey.
  Not many McCaffrey, not chicken McCaffrey.
  But it's 2001.
  I mean, I know the Internet exists, but you're supposed to Google it.
  Well, and also I love where it lands  when you lose and the judgment that Winnie Woodpecker makes on you  for getting this ad, this easy base hit  backdraft adcox question wrong.
  She says, you got to watch more movies.
  Be generous, like, you know, not like universal releases  over the last eight years.
  You mean because it seems to me there's a common bond between all of these  questions, but no, I guess I'm just no cinephile.
  We're going to Winnie Woodpecker,  who, by the way, is on top of the answer box  posed in the most seductive manner.
  Oh, right, right, right.
  Like, you know, like chest down.
  Look, I'm just going to say chest down, ass up.
  Look, this is very flirty, flashing eyelashes.
  Well, Jason, is this come up and see me sometime?  Is Winnie Woodpecker like a Jessica Rabbit type pre-coat pre-chunch coat?  I don't know.
  I think she's a few different pin strikes different from what he would pack her.
  I think that's what noticed what is noticed.
  This occurred to me, too.
  I was going to bring this up.
  This might be an uncomfortable area, but I think we have to.
  The OK, like Mickey and Minnie, I think we like I think that we think  that Minnie is pretty, right?  Minnie Mouse is pretty.
  But Mike, I know we know the answer for me.
  But is not Minnie essentially Mickey with eyelashes and a bow?  Yeah, yes.
  Like, basically, that's what we're dealing with.
  And yet it does it does work.
  You know, you aren't always thinking that's just Mickey with eyelashes and a bow.
  No, yeah, that's true.
  But this just is Woody Woodpecker with eyelashes completely.
  Sure.
 They really did.
  And that's why I don't mean to take away from anyone being attracted to Woody  Woodpecker.
 You can be.
  But you're saying it may be a little bit of lazy on the design.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  And it just makes this makes me disturbed by this flirty pose.
  Right.
 Because you're just you're just you're Woody.
  I'm not attracted to Woody Woodpecker.
  And you making you being in this position is just makes me uncomfortable.
  I see.
 Well, maybe.
  Yeah.
 Well, look, when we get into the the Winnie Woodpecker episode,  the solo one that's different from the Woody Woodpecker episode,  we will figure out exactly like the different designs over the years  and exactly what's going on, because, yeah, I see what you're saying.
  It's like exactly the same design.
  Yeah.
 Well, there is one addition, which is little yellow shorts.
  Mm hmm.
 OK.
  So I'm that standard issue for Winnie Woodpecker.
  I don't know.
 You got to ask Jason.
  And it seems like he's a little bit confused about his Winnie Woodpecker  history as well.
  So I don't know about her little yellow shorts.
  We know about little red shorts on this show because of Mickey.
  But as far as little yellow shorts, I don't know, Jason.
  Well, I just got a little thrown because I was looking at the nieces  and nephews again, just to see Splinter and Knotthead.
  OK, except Splinter.
  There's a photo of her on this Fanta page and it's captioned Spleen.
  What? What? I don't know.
  I don't.
 And that's one of the reasons that Splinter Spleen.
  Splinter is the niece.
  Splinter.
 Yes, Splinter is the niece.
  And she has a little skirt and a little bow on.
  OK, why is the word Spleen there?  I don't know.
  That's strange.
  I'm going to have a hard and when you Google it, you just you discover  just like medical websites about taking care of the Spleens  of actual woodpeckers.
  Could it be that someone abandoned this page 15 years ago and left the typo?  Maybe going on, it says it twice.
  And then right.
  But the title says Splinter.
  All right.
 So let's read the article.
  Splinter Spleen is Woody's niece.
  What? Huh?  Spleen.
 Is it short for something?  Is it autocorrect?  I don't know.
 That's interesting.
  Spleen.
 Spleen.
  Why is Splinter Spleen?  I think there's no other documentation we have to look up.
  We have to get we have to get into the inner sanctum of the Woody.
  Oh, yeah.
  Wiki Winnie Woodpecker has an identical little skirt on.
  Oh, you're right.
 You know what?  You're right.
 It's not.
  Oh, it's not.
 It's not little shorts.
  It's a little skirt.
 Oh, OK.
  That Spleen also wears.
  OK, here on the niece wears.
  Can I I can't I have to say a couple more questions.
  Oh, yeah, please.
 This one.
  This is just one of the strangest sentences I've ever looked at.
  This is basically what the question should be is  like what?  Never mind.
 OK.
  The question is, which of the following vampire  Baines did not appear in Dracula in 1931?  Vampire Baines.
  I mean, I get it in content, but what a weird.
  I've just never seen that.
  That's as weird as Spleen next to a little woodpecker.
  Vampire Baines, vampire Baine, which Baine?  And that's and the answer is garlic.
  But isn't that just got to be another way to put that vampire Baine  weaknesses is what I would have said.
  Seems a little more clear.
  I guess Baine would come on, I guess, Tray and maybe bad.
  Translation was bad, possibly.
  Yeah.
 Of your existence is I I mean, I guess that would be a Baine  of their existence.
 Dracula, which is your least favorite Baine?  Yeah.
 Hey, rank the Baines, my man.
  Jason, what are your top Baines?  Oh, gosh.
  Dollar a dollar more for a dollar more.
  While inflation, inflation, price, he doesn't approve.
  Night sleep.
  Well, yeah, all of us can.
  I want to read one of my favorite of the questions.
  Which outdoor sport was featured in the River Wild?  Thawing, water, karate, weightlifting or baseball?  Wait, it's not it's not one of those.
  It's a raft, a white water rafting.
  Well, for some reason, it's our weight.
  Maybe they selected it.
  But when they selected it, it like purples out disappears.
  OK, I think I found that with other ones of the.
  Oh, that must be what happened.
  So raf rafting that river while is not about karate.
  That would be a mislead of a title.
  So I was like, maybe it's about karate.
  Well, I guess also if maybe you're on a white water raft  or you're just like, you know, you get lost in a river  and then you end up in a place that is full of bears  and you have to use karate against them.
  Yeah.
 The climax of the River  Wild is about fighting karate, fighting bears with karate.
  I didn't like it until the bear karate.
  Oh, man.
  I who adjusted the clothing of the hero of backdraft  while riding in the fire engine.
  This requires recent knowledge of backdraft.
  You have to have watched it the day before.
  This would only work if it was like a memory exercise.
  You know, those things in like in the S.
A.
T.
  where you read a story and then you have to say stuff about the story.
  You just that's the only way this would be right.
  People are not watching backdraft every day.
  I'm sorry, Winnie Woodpecker.
  Stop looking at me like that.
  I'm not into it.
 I know it's an open relationship.
  You don't have to tell me.
  Stop quizzing me.
  You need to watch more movies, big boy.
  Maybe we can make a movie again.
  This is this is again, this is the climax of the game.
  Well, no, no, this is all to get the another stamp,  which is all in service of activating the fireworks show.
  So you think the fireworks is the climax?  That is what it is.
  Fireworks, Hollywood magic.
  I guess.
 But I feel like that was more of like the code.
  That's like the end.
 That's the nice end.
  Yeah.
 You view this as the what it all.
  This is the real climax.
  This is the stressful thing.
  Final Jeopardy.
  It's the hardest thing in the whole.
  It is the hardest.
  Some of these, if you rerouted these to be Jeopardy  answers, everybody's getting wiped out.
  That ends all the winning streaks.
  Ken Jennings is out.
  He can't answer a question about ad cocks.
  No way.
 Yeah.
  So I think I'm right.
  So you have to go, I believe, all the way back to the beginning, Woody.
  And after you have all the stamps and all the letters, which give you a stamp,  when you have all the stamps, Woody will ask you, do you want to watch Hollywood  magic? By the way, you get enough stamps and he just opens his hands.
  All right, then.
  And if you have enough stamps, the park becomes nighttime at some point.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Reversible nighttime.
  You're reversible.
  There is a did you catch at night?  There's a shot at night of a place next to Bactrafft.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  Very prominently displayed, and I guess maybe it is like this in the actual park.
  But I was pretty shocked that it is featured here.
  I guess you guys don't know I'm talking about.
  This is yet another Bactrafft trivia question I can't answer.
  It's not Mel's or the makeup show because those fronts are in it,  but you don't do anything to them.
 Right.
  But it's a different front.
  And maybe you saw it and I'll show it to you right now.
  Gear Deli.
  Oh, yeah.
 Gear the Gear Deli.
  It's featured in this game.
  Now, from what I can tell, there's nothing they don't do anything with it.
  There's no ice cream component.
  But it is interesting to me that it made it in there.
  No, that is it's kind of a brand, I guess.
  Everybody stopped on the is it not Gear Deli?  What did I call it?  Both of both of you were like in lockstep about.
  Yeah.
 Gear Deli.
  Oh, did I call it? Yeah, there's two hours in there.
  Yeah.
 You got an A in there.
 Yeah.
  No, you're right.
 I thought maybe I was wrong.
  No, no, I think you're right.
  Maybe they put it as Gear Gear Deli.
  Do you think I know it?  Copyright of Gear Weiss, the perfumer from Epcot.
  That's what I'm hearing.
  That's it.
  Oh, come on.
  I slept like five hours, you guys.
  You got a little bit more perfumers from Norway.
  Do you think I know Gear Deli better?  How much of their product I've consumed over the years.
  You got any more chocolate?  Me, really?  And I it's your fault.
  Probably.
  Yeah, it's Jason's fault.
  I think you said it first, Mike.
  Today I did.
 But in real life, I'm saying.
  Oh, he planted Gear Deli in your head.
  Yes, I think so.
  I don't know if this is one of these sherbet kind of like.
  Well, he says sherbert, which is wrong.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  And sherbet.
 That was a different thing.
  Everyone I grew up with.
  Yeah.
 Sure.
 Obviously a common one.
  I still.
 Sherbet annoys me for it.
  I don't say sherbet because I don't like it.
  Oh, I sure people drives me nuts.
  Really? One of the only ones like that that drive me absolutely crazy.
  Well, this is a future episode.
  Let's just both say the word that we prefer and see who snaps first.
  Oh, with a little taste.
  Welcome to podcast the ride.
  Sherbert, sherbert, sherbert.
  You yell sherbet at me.
  And then I'm just trying.
  Oh, that lime one's pretty good.
  Oh, I like the rainbow one best.
  Of course.
  Jason's reviewing.
  Yeah, he doesn't care what they're called.
  He cares how they taste.
  So the Hollywood magic is Woody Woodpecker conducting  a pretty bad polygon like fireworks show  and watching the show are a bunch of generic  guests, plus you and a bunch of generic guests.
  Woody Woodpecker's family,  chilly, willy and grotesque versions of the creature from the Black Lagoon.
  Wolfman and Frankenstein.
  I don't know if there's a hundred hundred percent complete version  where you shake hands with all of them.
  The play through the long plays I watched, they were like just trying to get  because you you you can.
  Yeah, you can get enough points from playing mini games that you buy more hats.
  So you shake hands.
  That's when they come and watch the fireworks with you.
  Is that no, no.
  Just when the fireworks show starts, that's who's like watching.
  Right.
 But you don't think it's because you're not.
  You can't like entice people to come watch with you.
  They're just they just kind of walk on screen.
  Oh, and you know who else is in the crowd?  Are the sprites of all the characters you didn't pick to play?  Yeah, I think there's six little boy options.
  Yeah.
 So all the all six little boys are watching the show at the end.
  So that's one night so that it works no matter which one you played as.
  And each one is more psychotic than the last one is more blood.
  There is the craziest little assholes you'll ever meet.
  They all watch the fireworks and wistfully recount how many triceratops  they murdered blew up with fireworks.
  Yeah.
 And then the final image of the game is Woody Woodpecker  creepily, slowly winking at you  as if to give one final reminder that he is in an open, possibly  incestual relationship and doors open if you want.
  Doors open if you want it.
  That's the whole point of the game.
  OK, but the epilogue is that in 2003,  the game was released for PlayStation two only in Japan called  Welcome to Universal Studios Japan, which seems infinitely better to play.
  Your avatars walking around the park looks better.
  Your avatars are cuter.
  The hats are just little things you can do.
  You don't have to get that all the hats.
  The hats are just for fun.
  Yeah, they're just for fun.
  You can actually walk the streets.
  You can't run.
  You are.
 You are stuck at one mile an hour.
  But besides that.
  But it looks infinitely more playable.
  The like the water world scene.
  You're actually a cartoony.
  You're the mariner on a jet ski going through like levels.
  And I don't like that as much.
  But it's in the stands a little too a little too inventive.
  Yeah.
 As an executive once told me on a show I was working on,  you're being a little too creative.
  Oh, awesome.
  Actual things said, I believe.
  Can you imagine how much better the show got after that?  No, was given pulled it back as an inspiring note to give.
  Yeah, sure.
 Great.
  But it's very funny.
  They they remade this.
  So all of the mechanics seem better, but they didn't have the songs.
  They didn't have the licenses for the music.
  Really? It's just like, yeah.
  Generic is what I said earlier that I wanted.
  So I like that aspect.
  You like you like that.
  It doesn't have music that you have nice feelings about.
  Right.
 You don't like that.
  You get to do fun things.
  Yes.
 So, yeah, a little, little good, little bad.
  Do let me ask you this.
  Does it another thing I would have wanted is to be able to shake hands with Lucille Ball.
  Do you think that the newer version had?  Oh, I don't think so.
  Is there any depiction of Lucille Ball in the video game?  Oh, in.
 Oh, in any video?  Was there like an N.
E.
S.
 I love Lucy game?  Feel like there must have been.
  Oh, where you wrapped the chocolate.
  So but maybe I don't think so, though.
  Was there a Here's Lucy game for like the first Atari  like Overlapped Here's Lucy was on the air when Atari came out or something.
  Stone Pillow Challenge.
  Well, Stone Pillow video game is a CD rom of Stone Pillow.
  Honestly, a good mission in that game could have been to pick up trash.
  Yeah, that would have been you could have reskinned this game.
  I didn't see I got an ad for reskinned Stone Pillow.
  We we called our shot with Stone Pillow, right?  Not specifically.
  OK, that'll be a barn burner.
  Stone Pillow.
  People don't know.
  They're going to be mad about Lucille Balls.
  I don't know.
  I think the people were mad about ever would really embrace.
  I don't know the TV movie stone stone bill.
  Oh, is that the one where she's like a homeless person?  Yeah, OK.
  And she's like she was older and you're supposed to feel bad for her.
  And it's a drama, even though she looks it looks like a character.
  She would have played in a sketch on I Love Lucy.
  Yeah, the realism isn't really I want to be in this stone pillow sketch.
  So I know we'll see a ball video.
  Are you just I am.
  I'm reading about that one was announced.
  But look at the dates on Lucy Lounge dot com.
  This was April 1st, 2018.
  I got suckered.
  This is why date stamps are important.
  So I was getting excited there, especially because I'm reading it  and it's not that crazy of a description.
  It does just kind of sound like a good game.
  Honestly, a better game that could imagine like stomping on grapes,  stomping on grapes today as it with however they're going to do it  with twenty twenty three technology is assuredly going to be better  than picking up trash at Universal Studios.
  Oh, yeah, I think that's completely right.
  You know what? I just found a Milton Bradley,  nineteen seventy five Lucille Ball body language board game.
  All right.
 I don't know what this is.
  It's body language.
  It's called body language and it's the party pantomime word game.
  Oh, and I guess, OK, it's not a there is.
  It's not a board game, but there is like a little piece of plastic  that almost looks like Hungry Hungry Hippos or something.
  And if you guys can see this, Lucy is on the box.
  This is it's not I love Lucy.
  It's a Lucille ball game where she shows you different positions  that you could hit like in a charades kind of.
  Yes.
 So there's a picture of Lucy and she's got like kind of  biting her fingernails and it says nervous.
  There's one with her hands over her head and it says scare.
  There's one where she's dancing that says ballet.
  There's the there's the body language game.
  I've never seen this before.
  I don't I don't think they've made a new version of this.
  Mm hmm.
 So I'm going to.
  This is dependent on my wife.
  I working out here.
 Let's just audition this live.
  I believe what I have found is a television commercial  for body language, but with Lucille Ball from Milton Bradley.
  Let's just discover this together.
 All right.
  Oh, fly bird, right?  Everything has body language.
  Ah, let me load some choice words and play.
  OK, go body language.
 OK, go.
  How about each word scores points for each player?  Oh, Mary Jane, right.
  100 for us and zero for you.
  Yes, we got the last word.
  Body language from Milton Bradley.
  Who's the hip?  We want kids playing a fun, active game.
  Who's the hippest celebrity we could think of in seventy five?  Headache.
 OK, kids, play this game where either you're a hobo  or you have a headache.
  Did anyone else? OK, I found a page on Fandome  for Universal Studios theme park adventures to.
  Hmm.
 That said, it was a twenty nineteen game.
  I think this is a prank.
  I have found no record of this anywhere else.
  I don't know what kind of fandom fandom dot com.
  But what within that video game fan on that?  And what? Yes, yes.
  That's when they that's when they're making it up themselves.
  OK, yeah, because it talks about like Despicable Me and Jimmy Fallon.
  And like there's infinite more characters you shake hands up.
  Jason, this is a Lucille ball talk with a prank.
  This is a bit had information.
  It would at least it would have been worth it.
  But I just think it would have been very funny.
  Third, third quarter, fourth quarter discussion on this episode.
  The loose ball and the board game.
  This post game show, the most of both shows.
  And now a prank has derailed this talk.
  I know.
 I say something about Lucy's friend, Mary Jane Croft,  who's in that commercial with her.
  You recognize the friend and she played Betty Ramsey.
  And then I was going to say that that guy is clearly should have been  Frank Nelson, but it wasn't.
  They couldn't get Frank.
  You once again, you're doing the Mike Carlson.
  This is the iconic body movement, which is aggressive points  about something obscure from before you were born.
  Yeah, Frank Nelson and a big point that woke me up.
  I was a little tired and then I saw Lucille ball commercial.
  I never see very reminiscent of like the last time  every people really talk about body languages was during very  various elections.
  And it's like, look at the way.
  Oh, that would be like Bernie Sanders leans.
  Like, look at the way he's doing that.
  You're talking about general body language.
  Now people know there was like, so I started it, I think.
  Is that where it came from?  On his show used to have like a body language expert and they do like  watch a debate and this person would just pull shit out of their.
  Like, yeah, this means they're lying here because they scratched  their temple three times and to be like, oh, really?  OK, interesting.
 OK.
  And then they've done this now on like CNN.
  Like, yeah, for some reason, people think this is a legitimate way.
  Oh, this is it.
 This is a tell this person's lying here.
  Yeah, whatever.
 It's like a poker player or something.
  We take you now to a body language expert  involved in the creation of the beloved game body language.
  Lucille Ball from 1975.
  Here's the ad in full.
  See if you recognize any of Lucy's friends in it.
 Yeah.
  They all they were like, oh, Frank Nelson going to be there.
  He was having a tooth pulled.
  And he said, I prefer that to this one day gig.
  All right.
 Let's get out of here.
  Let's get out of here.
  I have one more little thing to show you guys.
 Oh, great.
  Well, then you survived podcast the ride.
  Thanks for this suggestion.
  Very great to do and more fun than picking up garbage.
  And thanks for subscribing to Club Three, your bravery saved the podcast.
  Well done.
 Freedom fighters.
  Topics in the comments below, please.
  And wait, Mike, you're showing us something now or when the episode is done.
  OK, I mean, sir, it's not a gift for you guys.
  It's a gift for me.
  But I have to show it to you because it just literally came in the mail  a minute before leaving the house.
  And it's very exciting because it's finally here.
  NECA's Daniel Roebuck, Grandpa Munster figure.
 Wow.
  He's here.
 It's in my possession.
  I want to show you the painted art of the box, which is great.
  They're from the movie we all hate.
  We hate this movie.
  It's a terrible movie.
  But I needed to have it because of it's Daniel Roebuck.
  The detail is incredible.
  Oh, my God.
  These are the greatest figures on earth.
  Here he is.
 Wow.
 Take a look.
  Well, yeah, these are these very realistic  figures with different interchangeable heads.
  And my only note would be if they're going to make Roebuck's body.
  Well, right.
 Make a J head.
  Well, you know what we could probably do is the very talented people  in our audience are not even in our audience that can do customizations.
  So I feel like I could send one of these heads to somebody  and they could customize a Leno head for him, a Roebuck Leno head.
  So we could get someone to I could commission someone to do it.
  So at the very least, obviously, it would be great to have a full Leno figure.
  Maybe we could just do that, too.
  But at the very least, just having the Roebuck Leno head on Grandpa  Munster would be pretty good.
 Mm hmm.
  So it's got to be the same body.
  We do not want a full Roebuck Leno figure.
  Why not keep the iconic body shape of actor Daniel Roebuck?  I completely agree with you.
  So this who who would have thought this a year ago?  This would have been possible  when this came together, whatever, when we learned about it last year.
  I mean, what a dream.
  Daniel Roebuck probably thinking he's in the sunset of his career  and he will never have an action figure.
 Right.
  If it didn't happen for a late shift, why would it happen now? Right.
  But no, he's got it and he's signing him at cons.
 He's going everywhere.
  I mean, he's trying to stay away from the woke police, from what I understand.
  But that's a different story.
  Well, look, this is what I'm saying about taffers,  that if we start applying that judgment to whoever we talk about.
  Sorry, but 75 percent of our episodes are toast.
 That's true.
  So, you know, it is what it is.
  It is what it is.
  A Daniel Roebuck action in a macula Daniel Roebuck action figure.
  Congratulations on this addition to your family.
  Thank you very much.
  The baby's not allowed to play with these,  not because of the small parts, but because I cherish them too much.
  So, all right, the photo of this.
  Thanks for listening.
  And hey, go kill a couple dozen dinosaurs.
