 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate where everybody knows your name, but we might  not use it so you don't sue us for copyright infringement.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan.
  You know, plausible deniability is very important, although it's not always a savior.
  You know, it doesn't always work.
  But it can help kick the trial many years down the line.
  Many years down the line.
  Yeah, this is a drag out fight we're talking about today.
  Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, we know your name as long as it's one of those names where like thousands of people  have it, because then it's fine.
  I think then it's fair game to use that in a script.
  But if somebody is like a very unique name, you can't use it.
  It's like one syllable that's just four random words or four random letters thrown together.
  You can't have a copyright for that.
  Right.
  This today, we're talking about, I mean, I don't know if we're calling the episode just  Shears Airport Bar, that could be it.
  But there's, you know, sometimes with these episodes where there's this odd little story  that unfolds, you want to save it and build the tension and save the turn.
  But in this case, I feel like I should read what was sent to us and what I sent to you  guys, which inspired us to turn around an episode on it.
  This is from this was sent to us by David Gansel at Doggins.
  Thanks David.
  Long time supporter of the show.
  Thank you.
  And this was the when we asked for second gate suggestions, he said the Shears themed  airport bars where they had animatronics of characters who looked like Norman Cliff, but  were not named Norman Cliff.
  So they got sued by Winton Ratzenberger.
  That's that.
  OK, so we've put all the cards on the table, but you can see why we lit up for this.
  I kind of knew this story.
  Do you guys know about this before?  I feel like I've seen the photos that I saw before, but I don't know that I knew the context  for them.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Or that there was legal.
  Yeah, I don't think I knew that.
  I know that's funny.
  Look at that.
  But I don't think I did not remember what happened.
  Because it is.
  It's funny in and of itself.
  It's without if there wasn't the legal stuff going on.
  It's interesting.
  It's a you know, we love the more obscure of IP as can turn into a themed experience,  the better.
  And this is an obscure.
  Obscure is not the right word.
  It's like almost like obtuse.
  Like how do you make a Shears themed experience?  It's a really weird thing to do.
  They took a stab.
  They figured something out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Something I feel like it's more common now.
  I feel like back then it was a little bit weirder to do this.
  Well, it's common.
  I feel like in these kind of one off pop up experiences lately.
  Yes.
  Or like, you know, like I was just next to the stranger things immersive experience, which  is built in a former Costco in Montebello.
  OK.
  I was there for some of the former Costco is a dinosaur thing called Dino's alive.
  That's what I was there for with the kiddo.
  But I but there was a stranger things next to that, like that kind of thing.
  I think there's a few locations of that or there have been moved or something like, you  know, a very like this is clearly a promotional vehicle for something it's on now.
  And, you know, or like that I was going to say Xavier Renegade Angel.
  That's not it.
  What was the movie with the James Cameron?  Oh, you know, Battle Angel.
  That's right.
  Xavier Renegade Angel would be a fantastic.
  That would be upsetting.
  Immersive experience.
  Yeah.
  Very difficult to understand.
  Difficult.
  Kind of interesting.
  Like it's like, I really like the people doing this.
  But you're like, I kind of don't get this.
  You know, I think I might need to leave.
  I think I might have to get out of here.
  I feel like I don't remember a time before the stranger things experience.
  I feel like I have.
  You mean before like getting it advertised?  I feel like aggressively.
  Yeah, I can't think of anything more aggressively advertised to me.
  Sure, sure.
  Well, you know, algorithms pick up on what you search for and what you talk about.
  And I'm sure we're going to cause a lot of ads for it by talking about it right now.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I also I mean, Eva, Eva's been a very big proponent, participants, like follower of  the immersive like theater community.
  And I think that word is starting to lose a lot of meaning because I think a lot of  cities, especially Vegas, when I follow Vegas blogs, Vegas blogs, they're like there's a  new immersive thing coming to resorts world.
  There's a new immersive thing coming to shops at Crystal.
  Like and that's the thing of the moment.
  You know, is it is it becoming where it gets watered down?  Like how we all you know what we all thought the word gastropub was before it started  just getting applied to like quick flipped rescued version bars, you might say.
  Yeah, very quickly just meant fried egg on a hamburger.
  Regular food is one one thing kind of weird.
  Yeah, we'll make it without that if your dad wants it to know.
  But this seems like it's very strange in a lot of ways.
  It's a really odd property to do something with.
  And then and then a very strange venue.
  Have we ever talked about anything that exists only in airports?  Oh, that I mean, I was I don't think so, but I'm sure it's come up.
  I mean, Chili's too has come up and, you know, a little bit tangentially.
  But no, we haven't really devoted much time to a big like what would even what even would  it be?  Rock and Brews kind of in a similar vein where it's like a watered down version or Trader  Vicks.
  Scott, I think you mentioned that in San Jose and the airport, which was which was fantastic.
  But none of these are, you know, like it's I think it's rare even in like that Trader  Vicks was very open air and you could see planes over here, which you want to see.
  That was not like stepping into fully immersive Tiki Hut.
  Yeah, you know, like there's there's not a lot of here in the airport.
  You're stepping into a room that feels like you're not at the airport, which I guess this  in attempting to put the bar Cheers from Cheers into airports.
  Yeah, they were trying.
  Yeah.
  And I guess like an airport lounge.
  I mean, I've only been in like one lounge, maybe two different airport lounges in my  day.
  And that's not that's supposedly like meant to.
  Oh, you're escaping.
  Like you go up in the elevator and it's like, have you ever done this?  I think I have.
  I think we yeah, we had some deal to do it for our honeymoon.
  Yeah.
  It's like you go up in an elevator and you're going into the luxurious lounge away from  those regulars.
  But really, it's like a big room with some chairs and you can get like a fruit salad  on your plate and then like some free coffee and a Danish.
  Now you say that, but I'm sure I bet in the moment you were like, wow, yes, this is this  is living.
  Don't get me wrong.
  I like doing the lounge if I can.
  Yeah.
  I have a credit card that gives you a free like lounge access to different airlines.
  Maybe I've talked about this before and it's pretty clear that the airlines don't want  these card holders there because they're sometimes say like they're not you're not allowed like  you're not allowed in here if you have X and Y.
  Oh yeah.
  So like sometimes you got to like wait around and wait for like other people to leave the  lounge because I feel like this whatever deal they cut with Chase has flooded airport lounges  with just like people that aren't actually flying a ton.
  Riff raff.
  Riff raff is really non-rich people like me and riff raff like me.
  That's not even like a big thick platinum card.
  It's not like one of those bit, you know, or like the one that Billy McFarland made.
  The fire festival guy.
  What was his scam with the big thick card?  Was it like turning a regular card into a big thick card?  Something like that.
  I will say the card that got me this other card is a thicker card.
  It's one of Chase's thicker cards and I was using I'm so sure I've said before the Chase  trifecta which is having three different chase cards and optimizing them for different points  depending on what your purchases.
  This was before you had an actual baby.
  This was your baby.
  This was truly my baby.
  Chase trifecta.
  Who had got all your extra hours and kept you up at night.
  Yes.
  Not because it was yelling at you but because you were trying to properly defeat the system.
  Yeah.
  The priority pass I believe is the thing that you get with it.
  Oh, is there?  Yeah.
  It gets you into certain lounges at certain times if they feel like allowing it.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  The thick card scam by the fire festival guy was called Magnus's.
  It was a black, it wasn't issued by a bank.
  It was just a black metal card onto which you could graft the magnetic stripe of your  current credit card.
  So you had to pay $250 to get a bunch of plastic to make your card thicker.
  It was a card thickener.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  Today on the show, thick cards.
  Thick cards.
  And how to make your cards thicker.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  He tried to get in the like bullshit status symbol sphere by making a completely nonsense  like a nonsensical bullshit.
  Yeah.
  He would have had to go, he had to go do the other end of it too which is like, okay, so  I'll get people buying Magnus's, but then they also, I also need to convince NYC upper  crust to only take Magnus's or to be impressed by Magnus's.
  I feel insane using this word.
  Magnus's.
  Is Magnus's, does that mean that you would get a Magnus plural or is the whole thing  called Magnus's?  So multiple Magnus's are Magnus's.
  Oh yeah.
  I don't think he knew.
  He probably didn't know.
  This is also terrible timing because it's like this kind of lined up with, okay, the  stripe is less important than the chip.
  The chip is more secure and what everyone's going to start taking.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
  I bet the rise of the chip was exactly when he was trying to come up with his super stripe.
  Oh, right.
  Yeah.
  He should have made a thicker chip.
  Can you make a thicker chip in the card?  He spreads probably the next scam.
  That's what he's aroused by.
  Or I mean a business opportunity.
  Right.
  Not a scam.
  Are you saying that the guy that this guy was not exactly timely with his, the guy who  tried to get people to the Bahamas to watch the giant acts blink 182 and Ja Rule in 2018.
  It's like, it's like Liz Lammon's boyfriend, the beeper king of New York.
  Billy McFarland, the real life beeper king of New York.
  Also Magnus has got an F from the better business bureau.
  Oh, no.
  So listeners, be careful with your thick cards.
  I know you want your cards to get thicker, but use, use caution.
  Right.
  So, all right.
  So this thing, the, the, the cheers are so cheers, obviously massive on the rise through  the eighties went off in the early nineties where concluded in the early nineties in such  a massive way where it's the second biggest televised finale ever.
  And 89 million people watched or something like that.
  You know, this degree of finale you'd never get.
  Have you also, you know, what in thinking about cheers?  Well, first of all, cheers, thoughts, anybody, a big cheers head of the three of us?  I like cheers, but I would not call myself a cheers head.
  I don't know.
  I can't give you famous lines.
  I can't do anything.
  If cheers on, I go, I like this.
  I get this.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Always liked everything I've ever seen from it, but no catalog fan.
  Okay.
  Here's my cheers fan.
  I like cheers.
  When I was younger, I looked at a bunch of colleges in Boston.
  This could be a five timers club.
  And if so, I apologize.
  It does sound like the beginning of a five timers club.
  There's a one to one thing here.
  I looked at like Northeastern University, Boston University, Emerson, and I wanted to  get a feel, Boston, pretty cool city.
  I've only been there once or twice.
  I really only wanted to look at like the cool comic stores and the Bull and Finch pub, which  is now called, I think at the time was transferring over to Cheers Beacon Hill.
  And that is the establishing shot of Cheers.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  I wanted to really own that, like realize the merchandising possibilities.
  I think the success of that location and that they started putting the Cheers name and all,  they got an official license and put the Cheers name on lots of things and they're selling  as much merch as they are making sales in the regular restaurant.
  Like that place became like what a planet Hollywood wants to be.
  You know?  Yeah.
  It's the best case scenario for like a theme kind of restaurant.
  There's this article pretty thorough about the history of this on this website, Vine  Pear, and they mentioned like, yeah, at some point they were making as much on merchandise  as they were on food and beverage.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like in the millions we're talking about.
  God, wow.
  What I was going to bring up Cheers-wise is I had the faintest memory of this happening,  and it involves the Bull and Finch, the real life exterior.
  Do you guys know how when Cheers went off the air with this hugely watched finale that  it was a big night of programming for NBC and it was not just the final Cheers, but  also the then new Jay Leno Tonight Show did an episode at the Bull and Finch.
  Wow.
  I didn't know this.
  But partially inside, but partially outside.
  The start of the episode is the biggest grandstands you could imagine on the street just facing  that exterior with just the rowdiest Bostonians, everybody getting up and screaming and whooping  and hollering to see the Cheers gang off.
  But they still plan kind of a conventional tonight show where it certainly they mainly  talk about Cheers, but he's also doing Clinton jokes and Hillary jokes.
  And he's on the street doing them or he's on the street.
  Yes.
  This is outside to a crowd.
  I might wager is three times bigger than the regular tonight show studio.
  And I would imagine 10 times drunker.
  So these jokes are not exactly landing, although you maybe are getting some like woohoo's or  arbitrary booze.
  It's a fascinating thing to watch.
  Did you say this is the first Jay Leno Tonight Show?  No, no, no.
  That would have been hell of a way to start.
  That's his beginning.
  No, no, no.
  It was just like newish on the air, I think in the first year.
  But it's I flipped through it on YouTube and it's a very strange hour of programming, like  monologue jokes about Cheers and then also try to like make the punch lines of Clinton  jokes about Cheers.
  And then the cast comes out and right off the bat, he sells them out right away.
  He's like, here's the cast and warning, they are drunk and they and they all they they  certainly are.
  There's no big moment where one of them pukes or falls over or anything.
  It's just more that kind of like, yeah, just like what really a lot of people like a lot  of beers deep where like they aren't saying anything that interesting and they're kind  of swaying back and forth.
  So nobody's exactly hitting like perfect talk show couch zingers.
  It's really like it's a very like seedy, dark episode of television, like visually  and then just watching.
  Here's these with these people I know are masters of punch lines and they're all just  kind of like rattling on.
  Oh, man.
  That's also weird.
  Like that's a weird juxtaposite because it's like the Bull and Finch pub pretty close to  Boston Commons, which is big, beautiful green space right in the middle of another one of  my favorite sitcoms.
  So now that one I am a mega fan of.
  Well, now I yeah, I knew what that was because I like Boston Commons because I would watch  all the syndicated sitcoms on USA.
  Of course, we all grew up watching prime time in the A.
M.
  You know, is that Boston Common would Boston?  Oh, man.
  Wings.
  Well, Wings was the best thing in that ton of wings.
  Remember Ned and Stacey, Deborah Messing and Thomas Hayden Church?  I remember.
  I've never seen it, but I remember it.
  I remember the names.
  I remember seeing an ad for that and thinking, hmm, I plan to not watch that ever.
  You were a Ned and Stacey kid.
  I well, like 15 watching like this summer.
  But like, got to get wake up, wake up, go downstairs, watch the watch the sitcoms.
  What was the premise of Ned and Stacey?  People in their 20s or 30s live in the city and possibly someone works in publishing.
  You said that so strange that that's that staccato people.
  I thought you said Pete Bull.
  Pete Bull is the boss of people.
  Ned and Stacey, who start to date with their shared hatred of their boss,  Pete Bull, people with the hottest literary age in New York.
  But when the newest book he works on flops, he has to move back to his home town.
  No, I don't.
  I was a pretty good.
  I really got that.
  Quick pitch.
  Geez.
 Yeah.
  Just go take that to a network right now.
  I'm wondering if I was one of like five people in America who, like when the trailer  for sideways came out, I'm like, is that the fucking guy from Ned and Stacey?  It's Ned and Stacey.
  Wow, that's interesting.
  Yeah.
  So, Jason, just for your future, like shopping gifts at live shows, Ned and Stacey.
  I wasn't even that big.
  I just liked location.
  Like, oh, yeah, this movie was filmed here.
  A lot of stuff filmed in Philadelphia.
  So I was always like, oh, cool.
  This scene from such and such was filmed here.
  Oh, they shot hack here.
  Remember hack?  No, hack was a drama about a cab driver who was a vigilante who would get justice.
  Is that in USA?  I think it was on CBS.
  Hack.
  When you were 15?  This was in 2002 to 2004 created by David Kep, the writer of Jurassic Park and Lost  World and Crystal Skull.
  Sure.
  And Carlito's Way, which is purple in the link because we talked about it once on the show.
  I don't remember why we talked about Carlito's Way.
  Why did we?  But that's proof that purple links are helpful on the laptop to remind us of what we talked about.
  Carlito's, there was a bar in the valley that for like, I think over a year now has  said coming soon, new bar Carlito's Way.
  And when we looked up the plot of Carlito's Way, it's like, oh, this isn't a fun story.
  No.
  Why was there going to be a bar of it?  That's what that's that's a much bigger leap than the Cheers Airport bar.
  Yeah.
  I'd like to see someone take it, though.
  Huh.
  That's well, I'm actually I don't want to keep asking Jason about what he was watching at age 15.
  But I mean, these are fascinating.
  You've you've you've now produced a name.
  I'm surprised to hear from anyone who watched that and Stacey.
  But now Hack, you've pulled out of nowhere.
  I've just never heard of that one to begin with.
  Hack was just I think it's filmed a lot in Philadelphia.
  So like family members and stuff was like, oh, I saw them filming Hack.
  It's like I didn't see that.
  I saw Danny Devito and Charlie Day once in it, like in a crew in an alleyway in Center City  because they're shooting exteriors for It's Always Sunny.
  Like, do you need anybody?  You need anybody?  Partsie on cast for this scene you're filming right now.
  Didn't work.
  I'm in turning for free at a weekly newspaper.
  That's going to go under soon.
  That's when you were calling publicists.
  Huh? Yeah, that's when I was calling terrorizing publicists.
  And what's the story we've told before on the show?  The story we told before is I was fact checking horoscopes that were horoscope  slash gossip columns and I had to call Sandra Bullock's agent and I got all the way  about Jesse James about the divorce and I got all the way through because E,  I think E's website used to tell you this actor's agent is so and so at this agency.
  And the switchboard just put me through to the assistant and then to the agent.
  Yeah, it's easier than people think, I think.
  Oh, yeah.
 You can get there.
  You can call and see if they'll tell you who Sandra Bullock is dating.
  They're not maybe going to do it, but you probably get the phone number and do it.
  So whoever picks up the phone at the agency has an obligation to say what's going on in her personal life.
  No, not an obligation, but I'm just saying you get pretty close to the truth.
  You'll probably get a wallet at some point, but as Jason's saying, yeah, it's not that it's not as hard.
  He asked the question carefully.
  So can you either confirm or deny if you say nothing, if you cough, that means this is right.
  Yeah, Jason was treating that publicist, though, probably like those weed dealers in New York.
  Like, come on, come on, you know, give me the truth.
  Give me the truth.
  It's called the Fourth Estate, pal.
  Better open up.
  Twenty-two year old Jason.
  We had a dipshit horoscope writer lives across the bridge in Jersey.
  And I found out that they based this on a year old story and they got the day wrong or they got the week right.
  But they had the year wrong on the People magazine story they linked to as like, oh, this is my source.
  In a different reality, you could have ended up in that bullpen with Harvey Levin on the TMZ show.
  Oh, yeah.
  Jason, what do you got?  Well, Sandra Bullock and Jesse James, they're done.
  Kaput.
  Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, I called him.
  Don't worry.
  I have my ear to the ground on all this shit.
  I have my Philly sources.
  I got my source.
  Oh, yeah, Charlie Day, Danny DeVito.
  Filming in an alley.
  Filming in an alley.
  Doesn't need an extra.
  Center City by the Good Deli.
  Soon enough, the Jason stock rises at TMZ.
  The guy with the dreadlocks gets pushed towards the back.
  Oh, yeah.
 And then Jason's up front.
  Let's say, can we rearrange the seating just for this episode?  Just to try.
 Just to see if we like it.
  Is this show still on?  It is, right?  I think so.
  Yeah, I think that's.
  I realize the Steve Wilco show was still on the other day.
  What? Yeah, not Jerry Springer, but Steve Wilco's.
  Did you have to go to the hospital?  How else would you know this?  It's only on hospital TV.
  It's the feed that goes right to hospitals.
  But I think their audience, I think it's still syndicated.
  So, yeah, you can still see Steve, the bodyguard from Jerry Springer's show.
  But Jerry Springer's gone.
  Jerry Springer is off the air.
  I don't know if Steve has been on longer than Jerry, but he's  she's certainly been on a long time.
  Yeah, I'll say that.
  And the show doesn't look that much better in quality than it ever did.
  Doesn't look like they've really upgraded for 2023.
  If you got the viewers, no need to get new cameras.
  I'm curious.
 Well, wouldn't that then make it  not to just bluntly tie it back to the topic,  but that really makes Steve Wilco's the Frazier of two.
  That's right.
 Jerry Springer's.
  Cheers.
 No, it's perfect.
 Yeah.
  Frazier coming back.
  Is that right? Is that in development?  How I believe?  No, I don't know if it's hell, but I believe it's coming back.
  And I think it's just the opposite of hell.
  How much can we push this forward?  Heaven, heaven.
 It's not hell.
  David Hyde Pierce is not coming.
  None of the cast is coming back except for Kelsey.
  Wow.
 None of your favorites are bad.
  And I think it's like some there's like some prickly thing about it.
 Wonderful.
  Probably Kelsey saying like, I don't want them back.
 Mm hmm.
  I don't want them back and I don't want the woke agenda.
  The woke mind virus impacting this production.
  Mr.
 Money plane can call the shots.
  OK, so so this thing they, you know, paramount pictures,  they're trying to merchandise everything they can.
  They're with Kings Island and all those they're in the business  of trying to figure out weird IP in themed environments.
  What would the hurler, the Wings World coaster?  They've they kind of like had to go the furthest maybe with not kid IP.
  So so impressive attempts on their part.
  Cheers seems like it might actually have a chance to go to the furthest.
  Have some momentum.
 Of course, people might want to go to a cheers bar.
  And this is also, again, to quote this Vine pair article,  which I'll credit for a lot of this, the writer Aaron Goldfarb  credit to you, good article.
  He says how it's also the rise of the airports having chains you recognize at all.
  I don't think I realize that.
  Yeah, I didn't know that.
  Your KFCs and your Pizza Hut's were not really in airports  and that sometimes they're making twice the business in these air  because you have to go somewhere in the airport.
  Right.
 And just airport air travel being like affordable, being like,  oh, you can do it a few times a year, as opposed to just one time a year.
  Like the middle class shelling out money to fly more.
  Sure, sure.
 OK, OK.
  So there's an opportunity here.
  Maybe we can attempt a Cheers Airport bar.
  And they test in just a couple of markets.
  It started in the Detroit Metro Airport in February 91,  a week later opened in Minneapolis, St.
  Paul.
  And what what do you find if you're in a Cheers Airport bar?  In terms of just the pure themed experience?  I mean, OK, so there's there's there's kind of a central figure who you're  following, who I think actually the article got the got his name wrong.
  When I looked into some other things,  I believe Stan Novak is the name of the guy.
  Stan Novak was the person from Host International,  which I think was affiliated with Marriott and they're they're a,  you know, hospitality or like airport food kind of company.
  So he really makes this his pet project.
  And he spent a year on the Paramount lot  working with the actual set designers of Cheers to recreate the setting exactly,  which sounds cool.
 Yeah.
  There's there's surprisingly few things like this, I feel like.
  Where you go, like, isn't it weird?  There wasn't a bunch of we're going to  copy paste a bunch of central perks or the or the Seinfeld diner.
  How was there not more of this?  Yeah, I know.
  I mean, they've done it recently with Papa, like the Max.
  We they had here in Los Angeles for a couple of months and then it turned into  movies or before that it might have been  Los Poyos.
  El Polly Loco? No, no.
  It might have been closed.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Poyos Hermanos.
  Yeah.
 And which would like start out OK and then get sadder and sadder as the run  went on for them.
 Well, it seems like it's really all about let's make that first  week really solid, much like theme park restaurants.
  Yes.
 Very, very similar.
  Can we make things at the beginning so that maybe people it'll take people a long  time to notice the decay.
  One of the funniest ones when we went to the Breaking Bad one, it was just because  the Formosa was closed, supposed to go to the Formosa, which is right next to where  they were doing all these pop ups, which is the L.
A.
  confidential place on Santa Monica Boulevard.
  Historic L.
A.
  Yeah, cool place.
  It's still open again or was closed now or whatever.
  So we were like, I guess we'll go to this Breaking Bad pop up.
  And it was like the last days of it.
  It was so bleak.
  No one in there like test tube.
  And you're like, this isn't what the show was like.
  They wouldn't have had meth themed things.
  No, that gives away the cover of the restaurant.
  The closest thing was like they kind of had like Saul's office set up in the back.
  It was all right.
  But they also wouldn't have had that in Los Pozos.
  Yeah, no, it was bad.
  It didn't work.
  We did do the Max one, which was like as close as they could get.
  It was OK.
 I was never a big saved by the belt person either.
  So, yeah, I can't imagine it was so like what I am thinking sounds cool about.
  This is the attempt at accuracy and making  the space layout seem more, which I think a lot of these things don't or can't  quite do.
 And it's also the thing which I've said years ago.
  I why I would have I preferred them to make like an Avatar Hotel versus  Star Wars Hotel because just purely on the aesthetic of a Cheers, that is a place  you would have a nice time chatting and drinking.
  Uh huh.
 It's not a seedy bar.
  It's a very comforting bar.
  I like anywhere that has fixtures or the  lighting vibe of Cheers to this day.
  So it makes sense that you like if you make a bunch of these, people are going to  want to like hang out with them, even if they have never seen the show.
  Sure.
 It would be like the Max is something where like  the food has to be amazing for people to come to this high school cafeteria a lot.
  Uh huh.
 But if it's a nice theme bar, that's that's probably going to attract  more people if it just actually works as a bar.
  Yeah, sure.
  So, you know, it might be kind of spatially accurate.
  It's the signature square bar surrounded by round, no backstools.
  You've got a Red Sox jersey from Sam Malone up on the wall.
  You've got a cigar store Indian and you got a Whirlitzer jukebox.
  And then here's the sentence that is a little rough, which is  staff was even required to pass an acting class, perhaps even affect a Boston accent.
  Which they would use to perform for customers.
  Okay.
  Question number one, why do any of those characters speak in a particularly  Bostonian accent? I don't think that's really a part of Cheers, is it?  No.
 Who would be the closest to the went George went as a Chicago accent.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  And like Ratzenberg has a funny voice.
  Yeah.
  But he's kind of it's not Boston.
  I don't think.
  Who was the older woman who worked at the bar?  Carla.
  Carla.
 Yeah.
  She's kind of got the voice.
  Everyone kind of has either.
  Frazier's got a fancy man accent or everyone else kind of has like a generic  working class and Woody Harrelson's kind of like, hey, I'm laid back on the court.
  Everyone's got  Ted Danson, I don't think really had an accent.
  What did she sound like?  Hello.
  Hey, I'm Shelley.
  Well, that's what everyone did.
  Hey.
  Also, Norm's or not Norm Sam's Red Sox.
  That's kind of melancholy, right?  That he only played like one or two games for the Red Sox.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Right.
  He was like a baseball.
  Was he in the majors?  This is how my lack of Cheers knowledge.
  He was  he is career ended like prematurely, something like that.
  Is that how this series ends to do to get back?  Question.
  That would be weird.
  Does he get called back after like 11 years?  That's why it closes.
  I can't remember.
  Chance to play it or someone sells the building.
  I don't remember the plot line at the finale of Cheers.
  I remember the last person out turned light off.
  Do you remember, though, how Ned and Stacey ends?  Well, abbreviated, I'll say that.
  OK, you're right.
  There was and it wasn't like a cliffhanger like Al for something  where one of them gets attacked by the government.
  Not as far as I know.
  I think they briefly finally get together.
  Is that right?  I don't really remember.
  You know, she went on to Will and Grace and he went on to sideways.
  So I think they're they were occupied elsewhere.
  OK, well, no, I'm at least comforted by their career success.
  Yeah.
  I think I think, though, unfortunately for the characters,  I think it's the same ending as dinosaurs.
  I think the Ice Age starts.
  Oh, really? A new Ice Age starts and that and Stacey, their reality,  it seems like ours, but it veers into a wildly different universe.
  And if it's like younger people living in the city, I'm sure like the blackout  joke was like, can you get a cappuccino around here?  I want to warm up a little, you know,  they were always talking about coffee on these shows.
  Yeah.
  Freeze frame.
  So long that and Stacey coffee humor is popular.
  But the idea that they to work in this  airport bar, you have to do an acting class.
  Yeah.
 So this is interesting because I think this is immediately.
  This immediately ruins it.
  It quickly ruins it because it's like if you're going to do what they think they're  doing, it better be good because I guess it's going to be like Tony and like they  think it'll be like Tony and Tina's wedding or something.
  Twenty four seven.
  Yeah.
 Which, by the way, something I think we should do an episode about.
  I know I'm aware you've mentioned this.
  I don't know if it's a five timer on the show or a conversation.
  Something was just recently talking about.
  I don't think it can be five timers.
  I I a past guest of the show.
  I should reach out to he did a very weird  poorly produced version of Tony and Tina's wedding.
  I believe on Fisherman's worth worth in San Francisco.
  Really? You were tugging at your collar like it was like making you nervous.
  It was that it was to help you.
  I have to ask him.
 Was it you?  No, no, it was Avery.
  Oh, interesting.
  OK, I know somebody else who did it, too.
  So we can reunite a full cast reunion of Tony and Tina's wedding.
  We don't talk about it.
 We just do the show.
  In that way, the podcast is we have to do Tony.
  I guess it's got to be a live show.
  Oh, finally, a live show where I can eat  big CD on stage and not get yelled at.
  Oh, be my gal, please.
  I would love that was the gimmick.
  Scott was out, but then he's back in after that.
  This sounds like shit.
  No, I'm taking only that element.
  Jason needs big during the show.
  I have to eat the candy thong.
  It's going to be ill by the time  carted off stage.
  Have a shot.
  Have a shot.
  Yeah, it should be Ned and Stacey's wedding.
  Starring Jason.
  That's what their IP should have been.
  They don't do an airport bar.
  They do a live immersive theater show to keep the characters in the consciousness.
  Yes.
 So, yeah.
  No.
 So I was saying this is going to ruin this ruins it, I think, because like no  one wants no one wants this just walking in.
  I don't want to interact with if it was maybe if it was facsimiles of Sam and  Diane, maybe.
 But like, but but if you're at the airport,  you don't want to be part of an immersive just because you're like waiting to fly  to Chicago, you know, like it's not you're not prepared for it.
  Immersive.
 I think you have to be prepared for it.
  You have to know that's what you're getting into.
  Mentally know like, OK, I have to like we have to play.
  We have to play theater here for a while, which and as somebody that you saw how  much I bristled that Tony and teen is wedding just now, I don't ever want to get  ready to play.
  That sounds awful to me.
  Well, it depends what it is.
  If it's like Disneyland and they're doing somebody's in Galaxy's Edge doing an OK  job of saying like bright suns.
 Oh, sure.
 OK.
  So you mean the first week, the first for everybody doing that?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But, you know, the immersive we went to like, OK, that's an hour long kind of a  show and we interact and like, OK, we're ready for that.
  I'm ready for that.
 Yeah.
  If it just like pops up at you when you're just trying to get a drink.
  No.
 Yeah.
  When you're when you're trying to get blitzed before your flight.
  Right.
 Yes.
  Wash away your flight fear.
  Yeah.
 No, it's you don't want to you don't want to be part of a little play  when you're doing that.
  Well, and especially because like so.
  All right.
 So they take an acting class and the acting.
  So now by you having taken the acting class, you can really make it seem like  you're a bartender at a bar.
  Yeah, right.
 Which they are.
  So now, now how are you in that seat?  Like, hey, can I get your order?  Go.
 Can I get you something to drink?  Now they're just like being the bartender that they are.
  But with like 10 percent too much stink on it.
  Yeah.
 Too much.
 And that unnerving energy  that you get when somebody's performing and you're not need some change.
  Yeah.
 For the most hostile crowd like  airport traffic.
  I mean, I guess airports a little more restrained back in the day, a little more  relaxing Philadelphia in the mid to late 90s, like upgraded the airport.
  And they were really pushing for like, hey, it's like a mall.
  Come to the airport and get some shopping done.
  Just hang out.
 And it's like, don't even think about it.
  It's not a stressful thing at all.
  We got rocking chairs all over these concourses with the floor to ceiling  windows so you can see the planes take off.
  You must have loved that.
 Wait a minute.
  There were rocking chairs in your childhood airport.
  Yeah, those are still there.
  The Philadelphia airport is pretty nice.
  They have a lot of art exhibits and they have a lot of different local restaurants.
  The campaign was right.
  You're making fun of it, but you also agree with it.
  The campaign was right.
  But I don't know.
  I don't think you can get past security nowadays if you're just like, hey,  it's one hit up the Wendy's in the luggage store.
  You can't get that.
  I don't think you can just go sit in a rocking chair if you feel like it.
  But I'd have to check.
  I need to tell you this, Jason, but there was something that happened like  20 years ago that changed.
  I'm not sure if Jason knows about.
  I don't know.
 I'm just saying there was something that happened.
  I don't want to tell you about it.
  Why? OK, yeah.
  Some places got hit by it.
  That's right.
 That's right.
  So this is I feel like like there must be some broader topic or even a final four.
  But Jason's favorite shares.
  This is a recurring.
  You have brought up a lot of shares that you're fond of.
  I do.
 Look, I got I got some nice.
  The Philly airport  in terms of like it's compared to L.
A.
X.
, which L.
A.
X.
 a little avoided at all costs.
  A bit of a hostile architecture.
  Only if you must.
  Yeah.
 But the Philly airport, there's a bunch of  chicken, pizza, local Philly chain, a bar, bar and restaurant chain.
  You got a mascot of chicken, pizza.
  I don't know.
 I feel like sometimes they're there.
  No.
 Wait, wait, wait.
  What was the answer? Sometimes there's a mascot.
  I don't really.
  I just know mostly from the airport.
  I can't say there's a ton of chicken pizza at this point.
  It used to be a thing where it's like, oh, there's only one or two with them.
  Peets, chicken, pizza, chicken, pizza, not on the USA Network.
  No, not on the USA.
  Not on the shore.
  It's on some of the boardwalks selling crab fries, which are just French fries  with Old Bay on it.
  I don't I'm not seeing a mascot.
  There is not not even sometimes.
  Your feet are represented.
  I don't think so.
  Huh? Jason, would you top chair of all time to sit in?  What would you think? Real quick, is it cherry from Pee Wee's Playhouse?  Is it I don't want to I don't want to answer for him.
  I don't want to share talking at me while I'm trying to relax.
  I love Jerry, but I'd rather sit in.
  I'd rather stand in front of Jerry and have a conversation with Jerry.
  Jason, what do you think about Jerry?  I like Jerry.
 Jerry's a friend.
  Yeah, but would you sit on it?  I've invited.
  I feel I would check in first.
  Sitting on Jerry.
  I wouldn't want to cross any boundaries, you know.
  No, you would ask.
 You make eye contact.
  Of course.
 I'm not saying he's doing it without consent.
  Am I crazy? No, he's going to ask Jerry first.
  Oh, really?  Now we're all thinking about Jerry.
  I'm happening also at the same time.
  OK, so what else do you do at this place?  You've got you got food, food named after the characters.
  Sam's submarine sandwich, Woody's Polish hot dog.
  And of course, Steins of Norm's Big Bruce ski.
  Was there food at Cheers?  Very good question.
  I don't think of it as a show where they were eating a lot of food,  but I imagine that there was some food hanging around.
  But yeah, they all just had big mugs.
  I just think of the mugs.
  Cheers mug, iconic Cheers mug.
  You're just saying that with a real look at those mugs.
  I just think, you know, what do you think about those mugs?  It's it's all it's the voice I was doing.
  I'm not sure.
 I feel like everything I say now is kind of just like that thing  that's been memeified, which is that what Australian show  that's a puppet dog and the woman who laughs at him.
  Do you know what I'm talking about? Oh, the innocent men.
  Yeah, we're just just normal men, just innocent men.
  You ever seen this guy? No idea what this is.
  I have zero context for this.
  This was just sent to me a few months ago and it's I've it's everywhere now.
  But it's just a clip.
 It's a kids show.
  And it's just this weird looking puppet dog talking to this like co-host of this  this children's show.
 And I didn't know what it was for like a month.
  And it's just this dog saying, you know, we're just normal men.
  And she's like, we're just what?  And she starts laughing and he goes, we're just innocent men.
  And then she like loses it completely.
 And then that's that's it.
  That's just an ad lib, right?  Yeah.
 He was some inside joke he had with her or something.
  But it's there's an account that just posts this over and over again.
  And I do love it.
 It's great.
 OK.
  But it sounds like I have to watch the real thing.
  To watch the real thing.
  He doing it half speed is definitely not going to give you the appeal of it.
  I think there is a profile of that  presenter of the woman and she's like, yeah, I'm kind of haunted by that clip.
  Can kind of can't escape it.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  I'm popular.
 Oh, well, we shouldn't talk if it ruined her life.
  Then we really shouldn't give it more attention.
  I don't think it's that far.
  I think it's just like, yeah, I know.
  We'll do an episode on the clip.
  OK, get your voice ready.
 Keep it in good shape.
  Yeah, I'm seeing that they did not.
  I don't think there was a I don't think you're eating dinner at Cheers in the show.
  Beer, nuts and pretzels.
  And we do hear Norm reference cheese doodles several times throughout the show.
  Well, that's hardly nice.
  That's a factoid, but that's no yeah.
  Doesn't mean they have it.
  Now, I'm pro upgrading the idea of it.
  I don't think that hurts it.
  And adding food to probably need to have food if it's a port.
  Right.
  Um, there are so few pictures of this place.
  No one bothered to document this.
  And somehow there is one photo that exists of  what bizarrely is a location in Christchurch, New Zealand.
  They were almost all America or Canada, except for this one in New Zealand.
  And this and this is one of the only it's one of the maybe the only color photo  of the interior and it looks nice.
  Good classic 80s bar.
  But you zoom in on this and you get the detail that they have Carla's chow.
  And beyond that, you don't really mean pizza.
  That doesn't feel like the vibe of Cheers.
  No, it's not.
  Yeah, no, at all.
  It would be more brew pub of a kind of menu.
  You know, chips and salsa does not seem like the I mean, it would be like fish  and chips or something even.
  I know that's not a British bar, but it still feels more like what would be  appropriate in that space.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 But just call it so they like it's not they're not calling anything.
  And that menu looks very like theme park.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's a very like not classy menu.
  That's really selling out theme parks, calling them not classy.
  Well, I'm just saying if I'm trying to be on theme for Cheers,  which is a classy establishment, you know, is it?  Well, OK, it's but it's it's not classy, but it's not it's not that I'm trying to  think of this bar.
  It's like a working man's bar, but like a nice place for the nice people.
  But it's not tourist.
  It's not tourist trash.
  It's a different type of was that too corporate of a menu.
  Yeah, I mean, I guess they're showing their cards that this is a yeah,  this is a theme restaurant run by something called Host International.
  So it's still too corporate.
  Maybe that's what they're missing.
 Sure.
  They have all the props.
  They have the jersey and the world, sir, and everything.
  But they don't have it doesn't have the heart.
  Doesn't have the homespun because Cheers isn't a chain.
  Yeah, they aren't just cranking out the signs of the graphic shot.
  Right.
  All right.
 So that's that's maybe something they miss.
  However, here's something about this this place.
  I mentioned that they opened to Detroit and Minneapolis.
  And how many times do we talk about some  now defunct regional themed entertainment where it stops it to where there was one  that was thriving for a little bit and then it stops or then maybe one more.
  And then this thing's dead in a couple of years.
  And some guy ran it into the ground or whatever.
  And there's always like plants to open three thousand three hundred.
  There's an article somewhere that's ghostly, too ambitious of plans.
  In this case, there were so many of these.
  This was in so many airports across the country.
  Cleveland, Kansas City, St.
  Louis, Anchorage, Christchurch, New Zealand, Washington, D.
C.
, Boston,  Las Vegas, Savannah, Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky, Memphis and Vancouver.
  And every location is doubling revenue from the airport's previous tenant.
  Whatever was in that space before it is getting doubled.
  This is an immensely successful chain that now almost no one remembers.
  Yeah, that is so interesting because I didn't get an airplane,  an airplane until nineteen ninety nine for the first time.
  OK, so I'm not sure I would remember this, but I know I've never heard anyone talk  about this.
 This is a complete, like, huge success.
  Something that was full black hole now,  right, that enough people would have at least passed by.
  It's like it's almost like in the airport,  people are not prioritizing taking photographs of the restaurants  that are around in some of the terminals.
  For some reason, they're saving the film  that they need to take photos with to use on their actual vacation.
  Well, the photos that do exist to make it look like like a curse, like a.
  Well, that's another true.
  We'll get into robots.
  But dads, but dads, look, this should have been like, oh, wow.
  Your dad's favorite show is Cheers.
  We're going to go.
 We're in Cheers waiting for the flight.
  I feel like the dads across the country have to have pictures from this.
  Yeah, they just aren't going public with that.
  They are.
  We've got them.
 If there's dads listening.
  Yes.
  Dads, if you're listening, I guess you'd have to be older than us  because you'd be dead 30 years ago.
  But yes.
  But if you if you took a photo in the Cheers bar because you're excited  because it was your favorite show, please post the photos.
  Take it from these dads.
  We take photos of every bit of nonsense we see.
  We have more photos of nonsense than of our children.
  That's correct.
  And this is how it should have been for you, too.
  I probably have photos of the Breaking Bad pop up.
  I'm curious.
  That'll be well documented.
  Let me see if I have that food.
  Not great.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I would have taken what they did make chicken.
  It didn't make you so I don't think I had chicken was edible chicken.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, but yeah, huge.
  These, by the way, are open from 91 to 2001.
  This is a decade of smash success.
  That's the right.
  Here's airport bars.
  Yeah, that surprised me how long it lasted.
  Yeah, especially given the gimmick, which we will start to get into here.
  I would imagine.
  But something with a gimmick like this, you would think that the game is where we  all love love the gimmicks, but you would think that would curse this thing  to close immediately.
 Yes, yes.
  And yet  it seems like it was part of it and it's the main reason we know it today.
  You know, this this guy Novak, he's got the question, how do you make cheers out  in the real world? Well, you can put as much as many doodads on the wall as you  want, but the only thing that really made you can also train the staff in acting.
  But what you really want are a couple of  barflies who are always down at the end of the bar, Kraken wise.
  And I guess in that case, they weren't willing to shell out too many acting  classes or have constantly employed performers only in this only in airport bars.
  So the solution became animatronics.
  There were two animatronics always sitting at this bar hunched over the bar.
  This is weird.
  Before even the characters, this is such a strange idea.
  A bar where there's animatronics down at the end.
  Yeah, I mean, there's I'm trying to think of like, I guess, like  the Adventurers Club sort of they thought about doing.
  I mean, they obviously had a lot of stuff  with live performers and then other things you could interact with.
  But I think there was one point was an idea of like there was a robot at the bar  you would talk to, but that didn't I think that was a blue sky thing.
  There was some puppets and there was some there were other animatronics like far away.
  I'm just trying to think of anything that actually used  robot permanent robots.
  It feels like a thing that's always cut.
  It's a very blue sky thing or the I door that like an August cantina kind of place  that maybe there'd be a droid down at the end.
 Right.
  But it never happens.
  But it did happen at an airport in Savannah.
  Crazy.
 That's all crazy.
  All these boring airports.
  No offense to the Vancouver airport, but they had robots.
  Yeah, that's that is something like where I would post one of those conservative  memes like this was what airports used to be like with themed entertainment robots.
  Everything used to be better.
  Well, and think about it, too.
  There's like a dozen of these locations, two robots each.
  So that's two dozen animatronics.
  Yeah.
 Throughout the country.
  I mean, cloned and saying the same like short script back and forth.
  I wouldn't dock them points for that, though.
  No, no.
  They commit it to the bit for sure.
  It's crazy.
 This is the world.
  We talk about wanting this world where in any boring strip mall, there's animatronics  around every corner.
  And for a little while, it was true at the most functional place there is airports.
  I know I'm very jealous of that.
  Like you the best you would get as a kid would be.
  Yeah, there would be a big like Bugs Bunny statue with the Warner Brothers store  or something now what you have you guys ever been to a mall where I don't remember  what jeweler chain it is, I know you're talking about.
  There is a scary projected head onto kind of a blank surface.
  Like it's a female body and most of it is painted and has clothes.
  And then there's just a blank spot where they project a face.
  Yes.
 And it has a sign on it that says, please don't touch me.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it's uncomfortably small.
  It's like our proportions, but then like four foot three.
  It's weird.
  This is at the Galleria.
  OK, it is.
  I believe.
  Yeah, but I've seen it elsewhere, too.
  Could be sales.
  I don't think it's sales, but it is a chain because there's a lot of these.
  I'm wrong.
 I've been to a lot of malls with this scary floating head.
  I've seen the floating head.
  Yeah, multiple places.
  But that must just be.
  Yeah, I wonder, is it like a chain exclusive character or is it something you  can just buy that's designed to entice people to come into your store?  That's the question.
  If it's if it's I think it's it is exclusive.
  It's always at the same chain, whatever that is.
  It might not be required that every outlet has it,  but it is required that it be very scary.
  They keep they keep those standards consistent.
  It's terrifying.
  It's not quite a hologram, but it kind of looks like a hologram.
  Yeah.
 In a way, has anyone seen this?  Have listeners seen this?  I'm sure they have.
  If I look up hologram woman at mall,  you might find I found it.
  What's the chain?  And I found a video of it.
  Every kiss begins with K.
  K jewelers.
 No, I don't know.
  Hold on.
  No, I'm opening up a TikTok video.
  That's not what I wanted to do, but it's a TikTok video.
  Well, maybe I can see what the name of the place is here.
  OK, TikTok.
  It is Daniels.
  Daniels.
 Yeah.
  OK, yes.
  And this is this is her whole like the bottom is like her head is moving.
  Then the like chest and arms area are  static and then she almost has like a practical bottom half.
  Yeah.
 So it gets less technologically impressive as it goes down.
  Yeah.
  I found an article about it from specifically a Palm Desert one.
  The article is called This Awful Hologram Thing at Westfield Palm Desert is Evil  and should probably be destroyed.
  This is in 2015.
  They were way ahead of we're talking.
  How have we not talked about this scary jewelry hologram until now?  Yeah.
  When the website Cactus Hugs dot com was up on this.
  This is meant to attract.
  I don't know.
 It's been there for 20 since like 20.
  I'm seeing a video from 2014.
  Creepy hologram at jewelry store.
  I don't know, because like that is a place that I would be uncomfortable and not know  what to do.
 I would feel out of my depths purchasing a ring.
  Like that's high pressure.
  I don't understand jewelry and what's good jewelry.
  And I'm worried I'm going to get like soaked for a lot of money.
  Yeah.
 And then so I'm walking up and I'm already nervous about this exchange.
  And then a hologram is there with a sign  pinned to her that says don't touch me.
  And maybe her hologram part isn't working.
  So the face is just blank.
  I'm running away.
  I'm out of this mall.
  The Daniels research has found there's a large quadrant of side pieces and gun  malls who beg their men like, baby,  take me to the baby, take me to the hologram jewelry store.
  I want to buy a ring next to the weird hologram lady.
  You said, wait, wait, side.
  Side pieces and what?  Gun malls.
  Gun malls.
  Gun malls.
 Like gangsters, gangsters, like mistresses from a movie.
  Wait, so a gun mall means?  Gun mall?  Gun mall.
  I've never heard this phrase.
  G-U-N-M-O-L-L.
 Gun mall.
  Oh, mall, not mall.
  Oh, that's confusing.
  We're talking about malls.
  A gun mall.
  M-O-L-L.
  Boy, this is some Jason old timey stuff.
  This is some 1920s.
  These supportive women were also called gun malls, not named after the weapon,  but for goniff, the Yiddish word for thief.
  Mall is a shortened form of the name  Molly, longest synonym for a woman of ill repute for unknown reasons.
  So a side piece and a gun mall are similar.
  Gun mall seems more respected.
  That definitely.
  I was going to say, gun mall main, yeah, adds the fact that they're supportive.
  If a side piece, not necessarily respectful.
  OK, said the full disclosure.
  The most recent movies I have watched have been The Minions Rise of Gru,  the Broadway Melody of 1940, and I started the Broadway Melody of 1936.
  So because I thought I was.
  No, I started the Broadway Melody of 1938.
  I thought I was starting the Broadway Melody of 1936, which has our pal Jack  Benny in it.
 OK, great.
  Does he have a gun mall in that movie?  I don't know.
  Jack Benny.
  We love Jack Benny.
  We're Jack Benny.
  We're Benny bros.
  We're Benny bros.
  You toxic Benny bros.
  That's true.
  Wow.
 Get your fucking fingers away from your cheeks.
  Stop doing those takes at me.
  No.
 And I look bored to the side or annoyed, slightly annoyed.
  OK, got it now.
  So gun mall, gun mall.
  That's that's the only that's who I'm guessing is intrigued by the robot,  by the hologram robot.
  It's also so many dying malls in America.
  That's even the context of what we're saying.
  So you're saying the gun mall is going to be interested in the hologram woman at  the Daniels jewelry store.
  They're a rub.
 They're a mark.
  No, but you're making the they're so supportive.
  Why would you call them rub?  They are supportive, but they also want that ring.
  They want the ring, Tony.
  Jason, buy me the ring.
  When are you going to leave your wife?  Henry.
  I want to talk to the hologram.
  I got to go back for my hat.
  I want to touch the hologram, Jason.
  Jason, I want to touch the hologram.
  I want to see if it stings me.
  What does the hologram feel like?  The deleted scene from Goodfellas.
  We always forgot our hat next to the hologram.
  They didn't have the budget at the time to do the hologram.
  The helicopter was expensive.
  Jason comes to a recording once he's like, yeah, this year's this year's my gun mall.
  Her name is Trixie.
  Did I tell you I got a new gun mall?  I got a new gun mall.
  Hey, nice to meet you.
  Nice to meet you, fellas.
  Also, the gun has double meaning.
  Like they say it doesn't, but it has double meaning.
  What do you mean?  Because gangsters have guns.
  I know what you're saying.
  Gangsters have guns.
  Right.
 But what is it for?  Well, they said it's from a Yiddish word.
  Oh, penis?  A penis mall?  No, I'm saying like guns.
  Gangsters, you know.
  Wait, what's the double meaning of gun?  They said it was from a Yiddish word,  but also gangsters are like strap they're carrying.
  Yeah.
  OK, so that's one definition of gun.
  What's the other definition is like it comes.
  Goni is the Yiddish word.
  OK, is Goni mean gun?  No, I think that's two different.
  I think you're missing my point here.
  I am.
  For sure.
  I've been very confused since the gun mall came into the picture.
  Let's get back to Hank and Bob.
  All right.
  Let's get to Hank and Bob.
  So down at the end of the bar,  you've got your favorite buddies from Cheers.
  Cliff and Norm?  No, Hank and Bob.
  Perhaps sensing the possibility that there could be legal troubles or the need  to clear the likenesses of John Ratzenberger and George Wendt,  they decide to just change the names and have two sort of generic barflies,  but who have sort of the same demeanor and by that I mean slump.
  They are slumped.
  Yeah, as those characters sometimes work.
  Yes.
 And it is a real choice here.
  And I feel like in anticipation of they knew it was going to happen.
  So that's why there was a red flag to begin with.
  If everybody thought everything was fine,  they would have just called them the characters from the show.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  Yeah, clearly they're they're skirting something with this Hank and Bob.
  And it's also very ballsy to say, well, I know that you like Cliff and Norm.
  And I know that they've been increasingly successful every year for the last nine  years on television.
 Yeah.
  I think you're going to come to like these two creepy robots who are different  just as much as the guys who show up in your house every week.
  Uh huh.
 Yes.
 No, this was this was hubris, I guess,  to think that legally ill advised and hubris as well.
  Now, there's there's a lot of articles and odds and ends about this,  about this weird choice to do these these animatronics and to give them different  names.
 I feel like all of the articles downplay that they are scary.
  Really? These are so scary.
  There was I remember this being a weird little item.
  I think when the lawsuit came back in around 2000 and maybe I was even aware of  this in like 94 or whatever, but they never the articles just said likenesses of  they're not likenesses of George Winton, John Radzenberger.
  Those guys are nice.
 I like looking at them.
  Look at these things.
 They're horrible.
  Yeah, proportions are frightening.
  They have like really thick brows.
  You know what they're OK.
  First things first,  to my eyes and I don't mean to you know, I'm glad these actors sued.
  They should have.
  But to my eyes, they don't look like Radzenberger and went.
  They look like, respectively, John Goodman and Peter Falk.
  Yeah, right.
  Aren't those so much closer?  Yeah, for sure.
 That's who should have sued.
  It was different beloved television actors who should have gone after.
  I feel like they may be almost all.
  Yeah.
 Purposeful to do that.
  Yeah, maybe.
 Yeah.
  Marble like someone else like throw them off the track.
  We don't know.
  It can't this can't be a rip off of George Wynn.
  It looks like Colombo.
  Yeah, I think that's probably their logic.
  Yeah.
 And yeah, it still didn't work.
  I feel like they took I think they took  molds of John Goodman and Peter Falk from wax museums and then just like  stretched them out like, well, they're still wet.
  Just really stretch them, make them really wide faces and that'll throw  everybody off the trail besides the likeness thing.
  So scary.
  So it's an aesthetic that reminds me a lot of a couple of things.
  The video Land of Confusion by Genesis.
  Yes, which big scary.
  But Reagan and I forget who else.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Horrifying.
  And it's a kind of a similar vibe to that.
  If you can imagine the word upsetting being before Sid and Marty Croft,  the show DC Follies, their their weird, scary puppet show.
  This was a real thing in the late 80s, early 90s was  if there's a celebrity, a figure who we know, let's render them giant,  massive, maybe bigger than the people themselves and as like bulbous figures  who look like they've had like potatoes surgically implanted into their cheeks  and brows.
 I hate this aesthetic.
  Yeah.
 Like anything like this.
  Yeah.
  It reminds me of the thing that is was  memory hold when it came out, there was a puppet show a couple of summers ago  called Let's Be Real.
  Oh, yes.
 Well, this was a this was a smigel.
  I knew people who worked on this.
  Yeah.
  But it's scary.
  Puppets are scary.
  It's based on a French show.
  And I don't I remember seeing ads for it and I I don't remember airing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think did not get a lot of this funny odds and ends on less and earned by those  puppets than like they aren't as like disgustingly pasty.
  And then like the hand.
  Look at these hands.
  These are I also feel like I think Peter Falk here is supposed to be holding a  beer and he's and he's not like they forgot to do they have to pour fresh beer  for they had to waste beer on.
  It seemed like there was mention of bartenders occasionally serving  cool.
 I mean that I yeah, I like that.
  But it make our friend Taffer really upset.
  Yeah.
  Throwing beers away.
  You're serving them to the public.
  Robots don't have a stomach.
  Puppets can't drink.
  How many of you serve Tankin Bob?  Are you not keeping track?  You're liable.
  This is why your kids ran away.
  I think he would also be upset.
  The whole thing with Taffer is like maximizing space.
  Oh, yeah.
 You're giving two seats all day every day to pump it.
  He like comes in with like a comically large calculator.
  He's like, OK, let me he's doing that.
  Like he has this quiet voice and he's like, well, you know, we're going to use  Bartek dot com here and learn bartender.
  That's how you calculate.
  It's like usually ten thousand dollars a seat in some of these places.
  Does a complex mathematics.
  Somebody else does it and then he explains how much you're losing.
  Yes.
  And the permit if I were if I were a cheers employee who was forced to take an  acting class, who he's yelling at, I might say, look, there's nothing stopping  a customer from sitting in their laps.
  They are people.
  Anybody is welcome to sit in Hank and Bob's lap.
  Right.
  We would never stop anybody.
  These are seats  and he wouldn't be able to say anything  that would finally that would shut him down.
  Yeah.
  For the first time.
 Right.
  That'll be the series finale of Barresco.
  I'm a fraud.
  I've met my man.
  I guess I die.
  I'm out of my depths here.
  They remind me to of they're like big versions of the Garbage Pail Kids movie.
  Oh, yeah.
  They are.
  They're also those photos of them are  particularly lit in a way that looks like the most seedy lighting you've ever seen.
  The black and white one looks like a nightmare.
  They look like those Polaroids.
  I got black and white right here.
  Horrifying.
  Yeah.
  Scary in a different way.
  They look different.
  Actually, the mold looks completely different.
  I don't again.
  I don't know which is which.
  This is where maybe Paramount has something and Host International has  something in the case.
  They do not look like Ratzenberg.
  I know they're supposed to represent.
  I'm I'm on their side.
  I'm on the actor's side.
  Yeah.
 However, they look like anyone but George Winton, John Ratzenberg.
  Yeah.
 You know what?  Maybe I'm not on the actor's side if I think about it because they changed the name  and they don't look like them.
  So I guess the only thing is just in their placement at the bar.
  It's pretty similar.
  Yeah, that's part of it.
  So if you have facsimiles of when you use the word barfly,  yeah, and they're slumped and they're in that spot, they're kind of like at the  corner, then there you are infringing on Norman.
  Interesting.
 I mean, look, I'm all for anyone getting any money out of  corporation they can.
 So I guess I have to support the actors.
  But it is mostly bar placement, I suppose.
  And maybe stature, I guess that's similar.
  So that's really what their objection was to.
  If I were them, I mean, trying to get the money sounds tempting.
  But in raising my hand to do this lawsuit,  I'm telling the world that I think I look like this, that I look like I now I can't  place the there's like the hideous old like right wing politicians who was there  kind of Henry Hyde.
 Does that seem right?  Yeah, you look like a little bit of a hastert.
  Yeah, yeah, I look like I look like  disgusting bulbous political cartoons of hateful politicians like Ralph Steadman  drawing.
 I look like a big piece of shit.
  And look at the side by sides, which will post.
  I think they look particularly handsome here.
  Ratzenberger, I think Ratzenberger can get it in this photo, not like this melting  Peter Falk here.
  Peter Falk, a very handsome guy in his younger days, too.
  Yeah, other days, you might say as well.
  Quite certainly a charm.
  Silver Fox.
 But yeah, those early Columbus.
  Oh, there's that weird pre series Colombo where they like haven't settled  everything yet, where he's like just holding his coat a lot.
  And his hair is real neatly combed.
  Oh, really? And figure it all out.
  Yeah.
 Like grabbing his head all the time.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  There's also the spinoff series,  Mrs.
 Colombo, in which he did not participate.
  And there's almost there's no interaction.
  There's no there's nothing indicating  how people know each other other than the title, which marries them.
  Is that Kate Mulgrew?  It's Kate Mulgrew.
  Right, right, right.
  Yeah.
 Insane.
  That's a that's a really weird pop culture asterisk, much like Gunmall.
  I watched a few Columbus lately.
  It's very funny because Peter Falk is doing like a very 70s kind of naturalistic  acting and everyone else is doing that fake, stiff, like non-existent mid  Atlantic acts like I thought we were going to the ball tonight.
  Like Peter Falk comes in all grungy and scratching his head.
  Oh, but you also you get a lot of good.
  You get every you get Leslie Nielsen, you get George Kennedy.
  Oh, yeah.
 You get you get so many greats in all of those.
  I can we do it second gate about the Colombo episode shot at Universal Studios?  Yes, do sometimes involve like the shark.
  Oh, yeah.
 Actually, really just all because Murder She Wrote went there.
  So many.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I watch and love and love my heart opens up when I realize that the show is just  using the back lot this week to find our way to that shark somehow.
  Was there ever a Kodak that used the had to be must have been.
  Yeah, well, look, there had to have been baby.
  We're going to find it.
 Damn it.
  I walk from the Sheraton right to the Jimmy Stewart gate entrance.
  The biggest obstacle is that the the Sheraton is pretty far from the shark.
  Yeah, you always.
  So there's got to be a golf cart and for sure he's not he's not doing it.
  He did.
 He just have his own golf cart parked in the Sheraton.
  Maybe.
 But he also like, hey, I want to be sloppy.
  I want to get sloppy.
  I don't want to worry about driving that thing myself.
  I need a chauffeur, baby, so I can drive it into the lake if I feel like it.
  Maybe I want to take a bath with the shark, baby.
  What a limiter on this thing.
  Ten miles an hour is too fast.
  Get it down to two so I can't do any damage.
  So what did Hank and Bob do?  I like the detail that a Hollywood screenwriter was brought in to write jokes  for them to say.
  And there's only one example that I could find.
  Basically, here's how it would work.
  Here's a quote from some other article.
  They sort of slump forward at the bar and then every few minutes they sit up  straight, look at each other and have jovial conversations.
  And that would go something like, didn't the doc tell you to watch what you eat?  I am.
 I'm making sure I'm watching to make sure I don't eat anything healthy.
  And then they and then like,  a lot of sit there like the most depressed drunkards  just staring into their beer, thinking about their life, thinking about it.
  I can make jokes about it all day, but I am going to die.
  My health is very poor.
  I'm ailing.
  I don't even go to a doctor.
  I'm afraid to.
  I sit in this airport for a flight that will never come until the Reaper arrives  to take me if you were the last flight to hell.
  If you want to close enough to the robot, you would hear all these sentences.
  But it would be really a hush whisper.
  They did.
 They were rare robots programmed with an internal monologue.
  Yeah, if you got close enough.
  Yeah, you could hear over the machine worrying.
  Get me.
 Get me out of here.
  I know I'm no cliff.
  Who do I think I am?  I was made to be an imitation.
  And if I break, they're going to throw me in the trash.
  Take me home with you.
  They said they got a screenwriter to write these lines.
  So it is possible that like the lance got half a million dollars.
  I have a land.
  It's not as good.
  His life is a joke.
  You think he's a joke writer.
  I feel like he might have.
  Probably did the stars.
  I should say that.
  Special is long.
 That is a story.
  You're right.
 Yeah.
  I couldn't can't be just David.
  Not David Kep.
  Yeah, he could be Bruce.
  Might have been kept.
  Might have been kept.
  That Carlito Heat.
  Something that I saw said this was a weird like.
  It wasn't really a fact oriented article.
  It was like a blurb.
  It might have been in the New Yorker that was discussing the legal situation  with Wynn and Ratzenberger, but it was also really judging this situation  and this this robot set up and it said this case lacks a certain frisian frisian  because the robots are so unfunny.
  Quotes one person involved in the case who said they didn't bring in customers.
  And when they broke, they were generally thrown away,  genuinely thrown away,  generally generally thrown away.
  And genuinely, they were thrown away.
  So if you're out in New Zealand and your hank breaks and you don't really sense  that Hank is bringing in the customers anyway and you don't want to get somebody  from America in to fix Hank, maybe your solution is to throw Hank away.
  Give Hank his final flight.
  There had to have been a situation, though,  where they just like threw a tarp over him for a while.
  He was probably heavy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Like I'm busy.
  I'm trying to get orders out.
  I don't have time to move this animatronic that's twice as heavy as me.
  Right.
  And then people are going to think I'm hauling a body.
  I'm going to get arrested.
  I'm going to get accused of being a terrorist.
  Right.
 Right.
  Hiding a corpse.
  I  it's maybe it would be funny if they were all  disposed of in the same place and there was just a mass grave of Hanks.
  Hank robots.
  It's like the E.
T.
 video game.
  Yeah, right.
  Hanks as far as the eye can see.
  Two dozen Hanks.
  Well, if that's what I want out of the Breaking Bad, too.
  A big mass.
  That's sort of something real from the show.
  Just to quickly Doug Grave that Hank is thrown in.
  Right.
  If there was a chain of these in airports and there's always a Hank,  in the restaurant, like looking out for clues.
  Right.
 And then he gets.
  Yeah, they bury him in the desert.
  He doesn't get dissolved.
  They don't have time.
 No, no, no.
  Yeah.
 Joe, the Nazi kills him.
  No, he's just tossed in there.
  I so yeah, the Hanks, the Bob's and Hanks just ended up in a giant grave together.
  They're rotting away.
 You can find that somewhere.
  It's either in New Zealand or Vancouver.
  It looks like it looks like the casino scene with Pesci and his brother  where they take him in the desert and they bury them together.
  Brothers.
 Is it his brother?  And then him.
  He's he's buried alive and the other guy's dead.
  They made this guy, Stan Novak from Host International do it.
  He had to he had to dig a grave that could fit 24 robots.
  Right.
 Took him out in the desert.
  Why are you bringing me here?  You know, I just wanted to, you know,  you've had such a nice career of cracking jokes about your doctor.
  I just wanted to give you a nice view, buddy.
  I'm trying to not eat healthy.
  I'm trying to not eat healthy.
  Yeah, we know, we know.
  Oh, it still makes me laugh as much as it did the first time I met you, buddy.
  Hey, the other robot just gets like his head sliced off.
  What did you do to Bob?  I'm trying to eat healthy.
  I'm trying to eat healthy.
  That's right.
 Look at the rabbits.
  That's right.
  He only says it says the words, but in a different reflection, a fearful reflection.
  You don't eat healthy.
  Oh, so sad.
  Well, that's what that's exactly what happened to Bob and Hank.
  And besides that, they did this legal.
  So I think the legal troubles began circa 1993.
  I think right as Cheers was going off the air,  what should have been just a fun time getting blackout drunk with Jay Leno instead  turned into a nightmare for old Cliff and Norm.
  They spent the next eight years in court.
  I mean, probably not them.
  Oh, yeah, I know.
  They just had it bothered them sometimes.
  They're trying to do other things.
  You know, George is focusing on his lines and for the super fan sketches.
  Right.
 And he and somebody tells him, hey, there's new progress in that Hank trial.
  It was a distraction for these great actors and still going in 2001.
  That's what this got a whole new round of press then because it made it all the way  up to the Supreme Court.
  And there was this is September 2000.
  The Supreme Court, just months away from  rigging the right US election  from creating our horrible alternate dimension nightmare that we're still in.
  But they had to deal with this a lot.
  This was the innocent, more fun days for the Supreme Court.
  They're dealing with the case Wentz and  Ratzenberger versus Host International and Paramount Pictures.
  I don't quite understand how this works.
  I think it was they didn't decide the case, but they did say this has to go to trial.
  Paramount, you've avoided this long enough.
  You have to in Los Angeles actually take this to trial.
  And they thought, well, that's not good.
  And Paramount had, by the way, had won previously.
  Yes, they were successful in some of these, but the actors kept fighting,  made it to the Supreme Court many years later.
  Right.
 And they kicked it down, essentially.
  Yeah, they are not going to hear it.
  They said we will not be hearing this.
  They knew they had big plans.
  A few months they were they were making the hanging shad ballots themselves.
  They were preparing them to cause the confusion.
  They kicked it back to L.
A.
  And yet Paramount settled.
  Paramount settled.
 Yeah.
  So these guys, they got something.
  Yeah.
 Ultimately, we don't know.
  I'm sure that was part of the deal.
  They don't say, yeah, yeah, how much they were compensated.
  But eased the pain and, you know, added a little bit of extra to Ratzenberger's  bank account already appearing in all of the most successful animated films  of all time.
 Yes.
  And the most successful sitcom.
  Hey, good for you.
  You know what? Good.
 That's great.
  Sure.
 Get money from Paramount.
  Yeah.
 I encourage anyone to sue Paramount.
  Just try it.
  There's probably a reason to.
  I just finished the Summoner Redstone book.
  There's a whole lot of suing of Paramount going on.
  Great.
 And rightfully so.
  Yeah.
 So do it.
  I found there's a post about this on that Reddit.
  Today I learned.
 Oh, yeah.
  Subreddit and it quickly devolves into people talking about whether Cheers  holds up or not and some condescending like, well, if you don't remember the 80s,  Cheers was a hit show.
  Like, oh, God.
  But there was a couple of posts of people who had been there.
  Oh, good.
  This user says, I had a couple of beers,  one of these in a layover to Vegas in ninety nine.
  I think it was in Arizona.
  It was terrible.
  Got old in about 10 minutes.
  I can't imagine being a bartender and having to listen to Robot Norman Cliffs.
  Awful jokes all day.
  This is this one is better.
  This is more of our alley.
  I was a kid growing up in Alaska when they installed the one in the Anchorage,  Alaska airport.
 I remember my parents pointing out the two dummies on the end  of the bar thinking it was delightful.
  And I reacted like a startled animal.
  I can't look in the direction of that bar every single time.
  We I couldn't look in the direction of that bar every single time we passed  through.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This would have been for sure if we had gone in there as kids,  we would have hated that because of those creepy robots.
  Yeah, here's a photo.
  Again, one of the only existing photos out there.
  Here is a color photo.
  And, you know, here is here is the bar and it looks pretty.
  This shows you kind of the design of the place and it does look nice.
  And then here's a bunch of real patrons and what from behind also look like real  patrons.
 How creepy is that knowing that you might make it a few steps ahead and  then look and go, ah, they're in their own little their own little corner.
  But it looks like the service and like they were next to the like like a waiter  with a tray could like whang them by like you can show them if you're going by  too fast.
 Yeah.
 Like the fluid starts leaking out of their neck.
  Yeah.
 Do you whiz by them and like cut the cut their main robot artery and like oil  just shoots out that paring knife, that bar knife.
  This is like my my favorite.
  I wish in that reddit somewhere somebody said how, yeah, I was at the Boston  location and one time a bartender was cutting a lime and a tiny drop of lime  juice splashed onto Hank and he caught fire immediately.
  My dad was sitting next to them and my dad suffered second degree burns.
  Like it's in scratchy land.
  That's why there's no pictures.
  The camera flashes would make them go insane.
  Yeah, they got up and started smashing glasses.
  They started they would do they would freak out and start throwing their Stein  mugs at anyone within 10 feet.
  Many flights had to be canceled.
  Yeah.
  When will that road construction project end?  When will that Boston Road construction project?  I wish now these started closing in 2001.
  It is just imagine for a minute the alternate version of history where at the  exact at a perfect precise moment, some Bloody Mary mix spills onto Hank and Bob  in the Boston airport and at just the right time they freak out.
  They start going Frankenstein running around and a couple of people clang right  into those heavy robotic hands and history changes for changes.
  Yeah, it could have happened.
  But the robot, he knocked that guy.
  He had a box cutter hidden.
  They knocked him right out of his sleeve.
  They could have done what Mark Wahlberg said he could.
  He could have done.
  Oh, he claims he would have stopped.
  I think so.
 Right.
 Mark Wahlberg, the guy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He claimed he could have stopped.
  Wahlberg's Wahlberg's kind of a tank.
  He's a very cut guy, but he's no he's no robot.
  I think you need do you need somebody with the metallic heft of Hank and Bob  to clock terrorists? I agree.
  Yeah.
 I don't remember the order in which it happened.
  But what if you were just saying, look, a box cutter.
  Let's warn the other airports and they get to them right in time.
  Entire thing averted.
  It all goes away.
  Hank and Bob are heroes and I could Bob are heroes.
  And then we watched George W.
  Bush give medals to Bob on television.
  This is the next Quentin Tarantino movie.
  It's another changing history.
  As for your writing history.
  Yeah, it's a really good idea.
  Cheers robots go haywire.
  Right.
 And what if it's?  And let's just make it really convenient.
  And the Paramount has settled and they have to start removing them from the  locations and these are the last two around.
  Every other Hank and Bob has been thrown  into a mass grave at the request of Retsenberger and went  and the only two left and it's their final day.
  They're going to they're going to like at noon.
  We're going to throw these guys into the pit.
  Right.
 But instead, magic.
  Wow.
  Wow.
 And then and Hank and Bob get the 2004  Democratic nomination instead of Carrie and Edward.
  And they do it.
  They do it.
  They take it all away.
  Yeah.
  That convention was held in North Carolina.
  So there's probably a Hank and Bob somewhere.
  It's North Carolina.
 One of the plane one of the airports.
  Uh huh.
  Wow.
 Which in looking at the two and I don't know which is which.
  I think.
  Oh, here.
  I think the dark hair actually is I think Hank is Columbo and Bob is John Goodman.
  Right.
 Who seems more presidential to you?  Hmm.
  Well, Hank Bob, Hank Bob, Bob, and I'm right.
  Am I right?  I would say that in the modern time,  like Hank looks like Theodore Roosevelt or something like he's definitely  presidential, but in like an old timey way.
  Yeah, sure.
  But Bob, I guess maybe they're they're both far too young.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  I mean, granted, this was the Bush and Obama era when we were willing to have  presidents under 70.
 Yeah, right.
  Right.
 Well, thank God that's over.
  Yeah.
  But you get you gain knowledge and competence with age.
  That's right.
 All human beings.
  And you go out on top.
  You always go out the sharpest you've ever been.
  Is your brain has the most information.
  That's right.
 That's how it works.
  Yeah.
 People like I've heard people say nice things about is it whose governor of  Illinois is a Pritzker, J.
B.
 Pritzker, J.
B.
 Pritzker.
  Oh, yeah.
 He's got to wait a few more decades.
  Yeah.
  Mike got so excited.
  He dropped his phone.
  Pritzker mania.
  Mike is Pritzker fever.
  Pritzker dressed up as a Jedi for Halloween one year.
  Wow.
  Pritzker is couldn't be.
  He's the most Chicago man alive.
  Yeah.
 Just if you look him up, more than Blagojevich.
  Yeah, more than Blagojevich.
  He's got a shot.
  Actually, wait, Hank kind of looks like Blagojevich.
  She's got that hair that's he does.
  We're way, way big, puffy hair that goes way down his forehead.
  Now, a fellow podcaster.
  Oh, yeah.
  Hey, shout out.
  Is it called the Rodcast?  Oh, maybe.
  Did be.
 Could be on.
  He'll be on.
 I have one more little factoid about all this.
  And then this is a real story, not an alternate history.
  The guy who kind of saw this whole thing through Stan Novak.
  Well, he's he remained working in the  the airplane, the airport restaurant business and in his dealings at the company  that renamed HMS Host, why he had a meeting with a restaurateur  and a sometimes musician, but that's less important.
  A fellow named Sammy Hagar and he approached Sammy Hagar and he said,  what if our nation's great airports could have your great Cabo Wabo brand in them?  And Sammy said, hell no, brother.
  I'd never do that.
  Cabo Wabo is a destination.
  That's the place you go on the airplane to relax and get away.
  That can't be what you pass when you're stressed out.
  No way.
 No how.
  No Cabo Airport.
  Guy says, would you do something else called Sammy's Beach Bar and Grill?  Yeah, sounds good.
 Let's do it.
  We'll do as many as we can.
  Actually, how would you like to come work for me?  And he did.
 This guy got lured away.
  The guy who masterminded the Cheers Bar is now a great business colleague of the great  Sammy Hagar.
 Man, what a story.
  Honestly, a win for the guy, I think.
  Probably.
  Are you watching Sammy Hagar's Rock and Roll Road trip on Access TV like I am?  Can you believe the answer is no?  Well, that's where live from Darrell's House is on often.
  So I don't think I have any source of access TV at the moment.
  OK, where is it on Pluto?  Where do I watch? I actually don't know the answer.
  But I have it on this.
  This is a channel that only people north of 55 and you have, I think, is like Mark  Cuban interested in this.
  Cuban's involved.
  And it's just like somebody is pushing their like old, old rocker agenda with  this station where it's just so many old rock and roll guys shows.
  I mean, it does.
 I'm sure I would watch something on this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So Sammy goes, just goes around and he chats with people and then they play a  song or two.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  Maybe sometimes this guy Fieri's like it all depends.
  I don't believe it.
 Those two.
  Yes.
 Would they get along to?  Yeah.
 Believe it or not, they're like minded  about a number of things.
  They're a Hank and Bob.
  Yeah.
 Real pair.
  I can't get Bob.
 Yeah.
  The other guy, McGrath, helped Bob a gum shrimp expand.
  Right.
 Oh, wow.
  OK.
 I salute him.
  And won some Tonys.
  Oh, really? Like it says Hare and Warhorse.
  Wow.
 These are like the hemi's in the industry.
  He's all the greats came out.
  If you look, there's one bond that ties together all the greats in business.
  They all worked on the Cheers Airport bar that tried to rip off George Wynn.
  It's like  the date or was it  the news?  It was like the show that was like the first job for like Greg Daniels.
  Not necessarily necessarily the news.
  Yeah.
 Yep.
  They all said Caesar's your show of shows of themed experiential  bar restaurants based on really specific adults, not that kid friendly.
  Right.
 Right.
  Well, hey, thanks, guys.
  We sure know their names now.
  Yeah.
 Stan Novak and something McGrath  and Hank and Bob.
  Names that will live in infamy, as will the phrase Gunmall.
  You survived podcast the ride.
  Thanks for subscribing to the second gate.
  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our VIP Patreon tier club three,  where you get one more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes ad free.
  David, thanks for the topic.
  Fun stuff to talk about  and beautiful.
  Now I'm just dreaming of actually other quote in that San Diego story, fairly  actual quote from him like, well, I don't know.
  Is there some other concept that you want to do in an airport?  He said, how about a beachside Palapa?  Oh, what?  Yeah, that's a word I didn't know either.
  Yeah, I have the glossary.
  But would have would have would have gone mall want to go to a beachside Palapa.
  Yeah, would she take me to a beachside Palapa?  Would you take your side piece to a beachside Palapa?  Well, when I look up what Palapa was, I'll have an answer for you.
  I'll get back to you next time.
  Yeah.
