 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain confusing meat-based analogies, Texas tombs  available for easy online purchase, and the entrapment of annoying teens who probably had  it coming.
  Jury duty's Andrew Weinberg whisks us to a true fantasy land, Scotch Plains, New Jersey.
  It's Bowcraft Amusement Park on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a podcast about theme parks, but also about the treachery of  communism, the beast that wants to suck America dry.
  I'm patriot Scott Gardner, joined by the equally concerned Jason Sheridan.
  That's right, at ease, soldier.
  They can't get us here in the garage.
  When we release this recording though, they might listen and learn what we say.
  Be careful where we release it.
  Mike Carlson, equally vigilant.
  Hi.
  I will stay on a tilt-a-whirl all night until I know everything is safe.
  The world is safe from communism.
  So that's like my anti-protest.
  Yeah, that's the last mention of safe that will be said on this episode.
  That's fair.
  These hopefully are enticing previews about today's topic, a park that you may not know  I feel like there's like three to five listeners who are like, wait, what?  When this showed up in the feed, like probably Jersey natives.
  They're doing this and I'm excited we're doing this.
  It comes to us from Jersey native and amazing comedy writer, one of the greats from the  history of Late Night with Conan O'Brien, the co-creator of the legendary series Eagle  Hearts.
  That's right.
  And now one of the folks behind the very funny reality bending comedy.
  Is that fair?  It's not.
  Oh, here.
  Well, I'll let you.
  The show is called Jury Duty.
  I didn't want to call it a prank show.
  Exactly.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  That's that would be verbose.
  Jury Duty is the name of the show, which is out now on free V.
 It's Andrew Weinberg.
  What's going on?  Hello.
  Hi.
  Thanks for having me.
  Thank you so much for doing this and for bringing us this place that we did not know.
  Okay.
  I'll dive in and say we've known each other for a while now, worked together in various  forms, but I have never, for some reason I didn't, I never like put you in the theme  park box.
  It did not occur to me to have you on the show.
  What percentage of the general public is outside the theme park box?  Oh, that's a good question.
  Well, I think there's boxes within the box.
  Yeah, there's different boxes and this is, we don't have time for this.
  We don't have time to discuss what kind of box we are.
  We cannot discuss the hierarchy of the box.
  Yeah.
  You know, like attending and visiting and enjoying or tolerating a theme park is one  thing, but then like, you know, knowing the names of every street and fake area and type  of trash can that's ever been, you know, these are the depths of the box.
  Right.
  That we sit in.
  Everyone's a little bit in the box though, cause like we had an engineer in New York  who did our live show at the Bell House and he didn't seem like a theme park guy, but  We talked about Mars 2112 and he came up and he was like, I remember that place.
  Like there's always going to be that.
  Yeah.
  So that's the biggest box is somebody who just goes, I remember that.
  Yeah.
  But somewhat rare in that I worked at a theme park.
  Yeah, yes.
  Indeed.
  Well, this is why I feel like a fool for not asking you previously discovering that you  are in fact a charmer.
  I've been following laughing at your foolishness all these years.
  More than I've wanted to be on the show.
  One day it's going to hit him like a ton of bricks.
  This idiot.
  Well, that's look, that's me now.
  Here I am eating crow and saying, I'm so delighted to have you knowing that the writing, whatever,  but the legacy of a seasonal employee for Bo craft amusement park in New Jersey.
  Now I'm interested.
  Tell us about Bo craft and your time there a little bit.
  OK, so I grew up in Mountainside, New Jersey, Union County on route 22.
  That's our main.
  It's one.
  It's not like a freeway.
  We don't call them freeways there.
  OK, we call them highways or and we call them route or route route 22 route 78.
  And Jason, feel free to corroborate any of these Jersey isms.
  Are you?  Where are you from?  I grew up outside of Philadelphia, but I spent a lot of time in South Jersey.
  Sure.
  And a family down there.
  Me too.
  Did you go to the shore?  Yeah, we went down the shore.
  Where did you go?  We would go to Ocean City.
  OK, so Gillian's Wonder Pier.
  Gillian's.
  Well, yeah, is it Wonderland?  Those pier, even though it's not on a pier, it is not on a pier.
  It's called Wonderland.
  Yeah, could be wrong.
  But yeah, the Gillian family is like well entrenched in ocean.
  Like the current mayor is a Gillian.
  Really?  There was a mayor before him.
  I hate to butt in here on the website.
  It says Gillian's Wonderland Pier.
  Oh, so that's a total tie.
  Yeah, both.
  Wow.
  And too many words, too many things.
  A little too complicated.
  So yeah, we used to go to the shore just north of there, halfway to Atlantic City called  Margate, where the elephant is where Lucy is.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And so I spent a lot of time on the Ocean City boardwalk.
  Wait, what's Lucy?  Lucy is a giant.
  And I'm amazed we haven't done a second gate on Lucy.
  Lucy is like a multi-story tall elephant.
  It's like 50 feet tall.
  And it was a hotel at one point.
  Yeah.
  It was a hotel.
  I think it was an eccentric man's house at one point.
  They moved it several blocks.
  Yeah, it survived a number of hurricanes.
  It's been moved a few times.
  To rock.
  Yes.
  In the mid 20th century.
  This is a museum.
  You can still go to it.
  And yeah, they saved Lucy.
  How weighty.
  This doesn't seem like big enough.
  How many rooms could this hotel have?  Not that many.
  People were smaller then.
  And they were willing to share bathrooms.
  You just pee down the trunk.
  Yeah.
  Let's go.
  Yeah.
  You have any number of release valves with an animal anatomy.
  Yes.
  By the 90s, it was mostly like come take a tour, visit the gift shop, that sort of thing.
  Which I did.
  Yeah.
  But Gillian, my greatest memory there is, what do you call the Ferris wheel where the  cars are attached at the front and back and the.
.
.
  Oh shit, that's exactly what you told me.
  Okay.
  You have any spoon?  That's all right.
  Well, we also should have cleared the space for justiculation.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Justiculation zone.
  We should have known you were going to come to like.
.
.
  So the Ferris wheel car, you're in a cage, that's like a roof, and the cars are attached  to the front and back and they spin side.
  We have like a steering wheel and they spin sideways so they loop upside down.
  It's not the zipper.
  The zipper is like the oblong one.
  Everywhere kind of causes something different.
  There's a ride at the park, at Bowcraft, that we always just called, no matter what it was  called, we always just called it the Himalayas.
  And it's just a ride that kind of goes up and down hills.
  And it goes behind a backdrop from part of it.
  Yeah.
  The main important part of the ride is that pop music has played like eardrum shatteringly  loud.
  Yeah.
  Is that the one with.
.
.
  There's like rock stars painted on it.
  Sometimes there's rock stars or there's snowmen.
  Or Marine or his master put Batman.
  What you realize is these are basic rides or basic shapes and they're modular.
  Yeah.
  And you can add the rock stars or yetis.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Or both.
  Or like all the jokers on one wall.
  Yeah.
  Every joker.
  Yeah.
  Like airbrushed.
  Airbrushed too.
  As long as that's the only through line between all of them is airbrushed.
  Oh, airbrushed.
  Yeah.
  I mean, if it's Jersey, if you go further up there, if you go to like Wildwood or Seaside  Heights, then it might be airbrushed.
  Yeah.
  Tony Soprano, Scarface.
  When you think of Jersey Shore, you're thinking up there.
  What we're talking about is more of a Philly crowd.
  Yes.
  But you're from North is where we're talking.
  That kind of trash.
  Not clarified types of trash.
  Yeah, we're different kinds of trash.
  We respect each other.
  Yeah.
  But we don't often interact.
  Except that like christenings.
  Yeah.
  I feel like.
  So this is very special.
  The two of you were facing each other.
  Bar mitzvahs or christenings.
  Yeah.
  A rare piece of chords between types of trade.
  That's right.
  That's right.
  Bocaft is in like it's in a similar neck of the woods to.
  Bocaft is in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, next to Mountside.
  It is a by definition a roadside amusement park.
  They had like we're talking about those kind of just modular rides that go around in a  circle.
  Some of them are flat circles.
  Some of them are tilted circles.
  So elevated circles are a treat.
  Or the Himalayan was like a sort of a wavy circle.
  Right.
  Every type of circle.
  Yeah.
  Ferris wheel, which is a vertical circle.
  Circle tipped on its side.
  From hell.
  On steroids.
  Yeah.
  Not your daddy's.
  So and then they had a little bit bigger the next level of like the spider.
  You know what that is.
  I don't think I can picture a spider.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  My dad and I got stuck on a spider once.
  With the arms and then it kind of goes up and down.
  But it also spins.
  So it spins in a circle while arms with pods at the end go up and down and you spin within  that.
  Again, spinning is the key.
  It's kind of like Dumbo if you were like on a big spider instead of Dumbo cars.
  If you could spin Dumbo in a circle.
  That would kind of be like this.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Good.
  We never talked about.
  And there was a scrambler.
  I feel like that has multiple regional names.
  I'm looking on the website.
  We call it a scrambler.
  This is just called Scram.
  OK.
  OK.
  It's both the ride type and the ride name.
  It seems like they would combine them in some cases.
  In this particular place.
  It's like the Q-tip or Xerox of the.
  It's at the brand or what we've just come to call it.
  I was a ride operator for two maybe three summers.
  Wow.
  I just did the basic level rides.
  I was only certified for that.
  No certification whatsoever.
  Yeah.
  I was going to say.
  That was part of it is like you were given basic information about how you can turn the  ride on and off.
  And that was about it.
  Wow.
  So.
  This has to be a little more nuanced than on and off.
  Usually.
  I mean, I don't know.
  Yes.
  I guess because they thought the potential for injury was low, there wasn't like you  need to like drill these procedures.
  Sure.
  So most of them.
  OK.
  If you want me to get into the mechanics.
  Yeah.
  Get us under the hood.
  OK.
  So most of the rides like OK.
  They boats which were spinning boats on a going around a circle like pony rides on the  circle.
  Sure.
  Kitty boats seems to be the name for anyone keeping track.
  Yes.
  So I would do that.
  I did the motorcycles which same deal.
  But they were motorcycles just on like a metal platform.
  But at one point there was a ramp and the motor so go up and then back down.
  That's pretty good.
  That's advanced.
  Well, no, it's not the scrambler.
  The scrambler I did do and that was there was like more you had to do.
  They were like gears.
  Oh, wow.
  And how old were you?  I was 17, 18.
  OK.
  Maybe 19.
  Previous summer jobs to this shittier jobs than this.
  This actually is one of the better summer jobs.
  Like retail sucks.
  I was I worked at Abercrombie and Fitch one.
  Oh, wow.
  Summer and winter break and I folded clothes for however eight hours, whatever.
  Not you.
  You weren't sent out shirtless.
  I really I was talking about this with someone else.
  I really don't think this was like 97, 96, 97.
  Maybe I don't really think it was that yet.
  I recall more like, you know, what they call preppy stuff, sweaters with stripes and khakis.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  I wonder how long they actually had the shirtless guy.
  I don't know.
  That does feel like a small window.
  I will say that they did have a like you had to be good looking enough.
  And my friend's girlfriend worked there.
  So she was like, come when I'm there and I'll say you're good looking.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Because they write down like a number when they're like whatever application or whatever.
  So they would say like you're an eight or something.
  I don't think they would tell you, but they'd be like, thanks.
  Wow.
  Whoa.
  Wait a minute.
  And is that is the is the girlfriend convincing the others or is she one of the scores that  counts in the total tally?  She's like an Olympic judge.
  She's a judge like vouching for me for whoever will ultimately hire me.
  Okay, right.
  And I don't know like if I it's like a lie that would be easily exposed on day one.
  I assume that like manager never actually came to the floor.
  Yeah.
  Sales are down today.
  The staff is not as attractive as we can get.
  We're we're all saying this as if I like we're not giving you numbers mentally.
  No, I haven't given you a number mentally.
  But I'm curious, were you offended by the suggestion that you needed the help?  Yes, you need to rig the system.
  If I'd known that they were looking for that, I would probably not have been like, yeah.
  Well, she had to be like the trans Abercrombie Fitch was run by the one who could incide  evil and one could speak no evil.
  Was it a Les Wexner company?  Oh, I don't know.
  Oh, is that what you were saying?  No, no.
  Okay.
  So other job.
  Yeah, I worked my friends.
  His family was like had these all marine industries like salvage and like scrap yard.
  There's a they use it for sets a lot in Staten Island.
  There's like a ship graveyard.
  Oh, wow.
  And they own that.
  So one summer he and I worked for a few weeks.
  I believe he quit after one week at the family, the company's paint recycling facility on  Staten Island.
  Oh, God.
  Yeah.
  Nothing in here sounds great.
  And that was yeah.
  So you know, like when you recycle paint and you drop off your cans wherever, then those  go to a place like this.
  And someone like me sorts them into like three, one of three basic colors or something in  55 gallon drums.
  And then so yeah, I did like stuff like that another summer at their like on the docks  in Port Newark, like where like welding and stuff happens.
  These are real things.
  I was a laborer.
  God for comedy writing.
  Yeah.
  So Bo Krap was not actually that bad.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, seemingly.
  And like easy, easy training.
  Yeah, it's certainly.
  Yeah.
  Oh, another person is in no particular order.
  Oh, sure.
  The uniform was a red and white vertical striped shirt about maybe two inch thick stripes.
  And can you picture another place where you see that uniform?  TGI Friday.
  Exactly.
  Yes.
  So we went there to the TGI Fridays at the Blue Star Shopping Center after work one day  with my friends who didn't work there.
  So I was the only one wearing the red and white striped shirt.
  And I honestly didn't like think about it at the time.
  Yeah.
  I was walking into Fridays wearing a Friday's uniform.
  And they had me join them in a birthday, you know, singing to a party.
  You were just immediately cramped and put to work.
  That was bucket list moment.
  To be part of the excitement.
  Friday's staff.
  The world's famous Friday's birthday shows.
  Here's what's weird is that I know that the uniform was red and white striped shirts because  I did a little bit of digging and I found a Facebook group about four people who used  to work at Bo Krap.
  Really?  There were not more than 20 people in this group.
  I did not see you active at least.
  This is on Facebook?  This is on Facebook.
  Can I see it if I don't have a Facebook account?  Yeah.
  I said, oh wait, no.
  I have like a burner account basically.
  I did not join.
  Yes.
  You don't have to join.
  Okay.
  You have a.
.
.
  You're welcome to use my login to see the group if you want.
  I think I saw everything that there was to see.
  I have the highlights and there's four highlights.
  One is about the red and white striped shirts.
  This is from someone named Dina.
  Do you remember Dina?  I don't.
  Okay.
  Two of the posts are from John.
  Do you remember?  Oh.
  No, John.
  I might.
  I know exactly which John it is too.
  Well not Doxam with the laziness.
  Say no more.
  John posted about someone named Gene and how the board needs to have a picture of Gene.
  The what?  The message board?  I thought you were talking about like there's like a board of directors of BoKraft.
  Oh no, no, no, no.
  The message board is the Facebook group.
  Do you remember a Gene and did you work for a Gene?  He was in a management position?  It's implied I think.
  I honestly wouldn't remember anyone by name.
  Probably by face.
  Makes sense to me.
  You did not meet lifelong friends.
  There were not memorable summer friends.
  Yeah, we weren't a big family.
  At least I was.
  If everyone else was a big family, I was not part of it.
  Can you corroborate then something else that John says which is, if someone told me the  things that went on at BoKraft, I don't think I'd believe them.
  I mean he'd have, John would have to be a little more specific.
  Except the Buddhist generic.
  I never saw orgies or child sacrifice.
  I did see one ride operator get led away in handcuffs on the job once.
  Whoa, what's the story there?  I never found out.
  But none of my business.
  I feel like that was kind of normal.
  That kind of employee.
  Like what's the employee?  That's like collective employees.
  Oh, I see.
  So like a mildly shady bunch is what you're.
.
.
  It was a very Jersey.
  Yeah.
  I was not above that.
  Right, right.
  And how comforting for the guests of BoKraft.
  Yeah, so my experience actually operating rides.
  So the motorcycle one, there are age and height restrictions for like everything.
  This is smart.
  I didn't put up much of a fight if parents were like, let my kid go on.
  Sure, sure.
  So this is a motorcycle one.
  They were like, let my possibly walking toddler go on with his older brother.
  These were two seaters.
  Like maybe this is a three step toddler, not a walks on their own.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, I would find out soon.
  So my other problem is I was not very attentive.
  Sure.
  So most of these rides would be like an egg timer.
  Just twist it till it reached.
  There was like a peg where it would stop.
  And then that starts the ride and shuts it off when it's done.
  Okay.
  You wouldn't have to shut it off.
  The ride would auto shut down.
  Yes, yes.
  It's jacuzzi bubbles.
  But it was like a red button.
  Sure.
  So I'm like, yes, your baby can go on the ride.
  Sure.
  I don't care.
  And so I turn on and I'm like just looking at other things.
  It's like blood curdling scream from the mother.
  The baby is like clinging for dear life.
  Hanging on the side of this motorcycle.
  Oh my God.
  Which, hey, credit to the baby.
  If the baby is old enough to cling, much less for dear life.
  Old enough to go on this ride.
  It doesn't rhyme.
  This is not the last instance of someone to clinging on for dear life.
  Yes.
  But I feel like that would be other kids.
  After each one of these stories, could we live post to the Facebook group?  Does anyone remember a baby clinging to?  Well, they will remember one of them.
  Yeah.
  But that's a sign.
  One of them makes it in the New York Times for sure.
  A little more publicized than this one.
  You were able to keep it quiet until now.
  It also happened on the Scrambler where these parents were like,  let our one year old, whatever, baby come on with us.
  Yeah.
  And the Scrambler, if you've ever been on it,  because I myself as not a baby, because I remember it.
  So I had to be at least four.
  Four is the cutoff from where adults remember things.
  I think so.
 Yeah, yeah.
  So I was on it with my sister and it's just like a bench  and then the thing that just like swings closed.
  So other than that, there's nothing keeping you in place.
  So I slid down into the wheel well.
  Oh my God.
  And I'm just bouncing around in there.
  And like, I remember that.
  Jesus.
  Wow.
  Is that one of the first memories then by like,  is this haunting?  Well, that's what made me afraid of metal.
  You know how I scream when I see metal.
  Oh yes, I've noticed too.
  Not fun to drive with me.
  A lot of you.
  Many, many opportunities.
  No, but so then I went on.
  I know you're like, this is too perfectly crafted a narrative.
  No way this is true.
  I went on to operate the very same scrambler.
  It is that one really?  Yes, at Bo Raft.
  Oh my God.
  And yeah, so these parents are like,  we're going on with our baby.
  And I look and the kid is like standing on the bench  and the parents are like, I guess holding him.
  But like, this is like a pretty fast ride.
  Like a baby could get hurt.
  Yeah.
  I considered it not my responsibility.
  You don't own the place.
  Yes.
  Customers always write.
  That's true.
  They insisted you craft an experience.
  Sorry, I thought service came first.
  My favorite memory as a ride operator was  the aforementioned boats, kiddie boats.
  Yeah.
  Are you looking up pictures so you get,  it's not that important.
  I do have the website.
  It just seems like sometimes you are and sometimes you're not.
  Yeah, that was a weird.
  I'm on and off.
  If you'd like me to stay on, I could stay on.
  A weird discovery that the full website is still active.
  So for a brief moment, I thought this place was open.
  Yeah, it closed a few years ago.
  Yeah, the Wikipedia page quickly discovers that like,  yeah, closed down in October 2018.
  But still, yes, there's no indication on the website  anywhere that this is not a place.
  It's not even like the rides are rotting.
  The rides are gone.
  It's like New Jersey's Space Jam website.
  Oh, yeah.
  An ancient web artifact.
  You were saying.
  Now I'm looking at the boats, although it doesn't give me a full,  it's a pretty tight shot.
  So if I need to know about the mechanism, I can't.
  Again, this is a standard egg timer ride.
  Slow day and these like teenagers, like,  you know, like 14 years old maybe.
  Like the perfect, like just the worst age kids, you know,  the most annoying.
  I think it's around 13, 14, maximum annoying.
  OK, yeah, yeah, I know I sucked then.
  Yeah, I did too.
  I suck now.
  But so it was like, it seemed to be that there was a boy and girl  couple and then like another boy, hang her on third wheel.
  Always a great combination.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So he's like, I'm going to show her that like I'm cool too.
  I swear to God, he said this out loud.
  He said his own thoughts.
  Really self damning, really embarrassing.
  No, so he's like, hey, I want to ride the cutie boats.
  And I'm like, you're too big.
  And plus, like, there's nowhere else online.
  So like, I don't want to run it.
  But like, no, you're too big.
  He's like, come on.
  I was like, no, he kept fighting.
  I was like, you know what?  Like, sure, go ahead.
  Go on.
  Yeah.
  Gets in the tiny thing, you know, like squishing in this boat  that's made for those kids.
  You know, thinking he's funny.
  Saying whatever to his friends.
  Turn it on.
  I think it's two minutes.
  I'm starting to get down and I reset the timer.
  At this point, it's like his jokes have slowed down.
  The time goes down.
  I reset it again.
  So now he's on there, you know, like six minutes.
  His other friend and the girlfriend just want to leave.
  He's like, come on.
  And he's going around in a circle.
  He's like, wait.
  And I just kept resetting it.
  He was like, just let me off.
  And I was like, I can't.
  It's on a timer.
  I'm like, I'm going to go.
  He just let me off.
  And I was like, I can't.
  It's on a timer.
  It's like, I can't.
  I kept him on there for like 14 or 16 minutes.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  And he just sat there for most of it.
  Yeah.
  So he just gave up.
  He just like, well, I guess.
  He believed that there was nothing I could do about it.
  You did convince him of the reality of this ride that has one move.
  Yeah.
  It just happens in perpetuity.
  They decided that for the most enjoyment, 14 minutes is the correct ride length.
  Really?  Wait, we focus group tested this.
  This one, you're going to need some time.
  They said, look, 90 seconds too short.
  Like three days is too long.
  You will probably want to go home and get a good night's sleep and try it again.
  But we're still tinkering.
  We're open to a three day excursion.
  Yeah.
  I was pleased with that.
  That's incredible, Revo.
  So you used your powers of poor ride operation for good.
  And for, well, not evil, but negligence.
  Yeah.
  I don't think it meets any other, anyone's definition of good, except like it was fun for me.
  More morally good, I feel.
  I guess.
  It depends on who you ask in that scenario.
  Eye for an eye or something.
  Yeah.
  Revenge for him.
  He was annoying.
  So he had to get dizzier.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Something annoying had to happen to him.
  Yes.
  There was no way.
  And that's not, that's not like if he was on the scrambler for 10 minutes, he might  start to get sick.
  Oh yeah.
  No, this was like he wanted to be a funny guy going on the little kids ride and I didn't  want to have to operate the ride just for him.
  And you're ultimately, who is the funny guy?  Him who got shut up or you telling the story on a comedy podcast professionally.
  Yeah, actually I think he, he wrote for modern family for seven seasons.
  He has a bunch of Emmys.
  You recognized him on stage three years in a row.
  And he married the girl that his friend was dating.
  Yeah.
  Using that sad story in.
  Who just goes from like one unseen Hulu show to the next?  Like just it's work.
  The dream.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's, that's all great.
  Was there any repercussion for, did anyone notice the peril that you put babies in or  care?  I was never like asked about it later.
  Like what happened there or something.
  And the screams not enough to get the attention of other ride operators.
  I don't think, no.
  Nor would they.
  No, just Karen blended into the other screams.
  Yeah.
  It's like when we were at Six Flags, like if I wanted to complain to someone, there was  no one around.
  Like I couldn't find like a person to like, be like, Hey, you know what?  There were the Superman rides just running and no one's there.
  No one's working.
  Like there, I, we didn't know where to go.
  Is this magic mountain?  This is magic.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Have you been, have you had the pleasure?  I have my daughter, Nico, who's 14, loves rides.
  So for a few of her birthdays, I went there.
  Was everything to your liking?  Well, I'm judging it against Six Flags Great Adventure.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I've not been to in 30 years, but apparently has like a lot of huge ride.
  Yeah.
  That's the Kingda Ka one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They also have a drive through Safari or did.
  Oh yes.
  Right.
  Still have that.
  Still there.
  Yeah.
  I think they've changed it a little, but Great Adventure.
  Well, you know, very crowded and overrun with teens.
  That's sit on a lake.
  It's full of like lots of nice landscaping and trees and stuff.
  I don't like where you're going with this comment.
  You know, I think-  You're saying it doesn't just bake in the sun like Magic Mountain?  No, it doesn't.
  On the top of a mountain.
  Yeah.
  As you climb any number to elevations to discover what rides are closed that day.
  Yeah.
  And it had the like gondola chairlift thing.
  Yes.
  To take you from one end to the other.
  As opposed to Magic Mountain where I think there is the building for that that hasn't  been open for three decades, but they haven't gotten rid of the building.
  Yeah.
  It's not, there's some like-  The Red Tower is some like Hugh Hefner connection or something.
  I can't remember what that story is.
  That's closed.
  That sounds-  Does he own that only?  In Magic Mountain?  It was supposed to be a Playboy club with Ian Magic Mountain.
  I like the rides at Magic Mountain.
  It was supposed to be in Hugh Hefner's Playboy club in Chicago.
  A giant tower?  What?  That's a legend.
  That's the legend of it.
  Wait, the big one?  I believe so, yeah.
  They realized they could not fit a tower inside a restaurant.
  In the middle of Chicago.
  The tower was originally built for Hugh Hefner and was to be the centerpiece for the Playboy  club of Chicago.
  But how could a centerpiece be hundreds of feet tall?  I see it on two websites.
  Is this like a country club?  Playboy country club?  I'm going to need to do more reading to answer any of these questions.
  Must be serious acreage to allow this.
  Well, we'll find out.
  We got to report back about this.
  This is fascinating.
  So that was the sum total.
  That was what you operated or was that all of them?  It's kind of the same deal that reaps over here?  Yeah.
  There was a thing.
  There were these go-kart type things with like big fiberglass racing car shells that  went around the lake and had a rail like the Disney cars that exactly like that.
  Sure.
  Those were kind of fun to operate because there you would stop them at point B and that  was like 50 feet from point A where the riders get on.
  So you would stand on the outside of the car and like push this lever with your foot while  like riding it.
  Oh, the little like standing right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They do that at the Disney one too.
  Yeah, to move them short distances.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So that's like about as fun as ride operating got at BoCraft.
  That does look fun.
  I think we've never talked about that in relation to the Autopia, the little stand and drive.
  Yeah, that kind of no matter the budget of park, that is the most efficient way to move  those kinds of cars apparently.
  And it has, yeah, as far as a job, it has the appeal of like the garbage man who stand  on the back of the truck.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The perk of a slight breeze.
  I always thought like that looks like the most fun job ever.
  You get to stand like outside of a moving truck.
  And possibly necessary for smell purposes.
  Well in my town, it would be those guys would like pick up the can and dump it in.
  It wasn't the trucks grabbing and lifting, which seems to do it now.
  It takes so long.
  It's like herky jerky.
  It doesn't seem like the best way to collect garbage.
  Yeah, no.
  And where I grew up outside of Philadelphia, it was everyone just kind of bought whatever  garbage can they felt like.
  So every house's garbage can was different.
  You could express yourself via garbage.
  You could really express yourself.
  Yeah, that's nice.
  Flags, lawn ornaments, crazy garbage.
  What kind of can did you have?  It was just a brown round can.
  Nice.
  It's just because everyone's like, oh God, I got to rake.
  Or no, I guess you just raked leaves to the sidewalk and left them on the curb.
  Really?  You left a truck would come around and suck up leaves every fall.
  Really?  You guys had a suck up leaves truck?  Yeah.
  We had to put them in a bag.
  I'm from the Midwest.
  We had to put them in a bag and then they would come and maybe do a special collection.
  We might put them in a bag to drag it to the sidewalk where then you dumped it in piles.
  Really?  This is familiar to anyone?  I mean, I know in West Coast.
  I don't even remember what we did with our leaves.
  I think there was like a secondary market for them.
  We sold them.
  Inevitably one or two houses would just burn them in the backyard in a metal can.
  Then everyone in the neighborhood, you would just hear like your parents and the neighbors  going like, she's seen them burning their leaves again.
  It's like, yeah, I know.
  And I'm just like, I don't know why.
  First off, I don't know why everyone's mad.
  And second off, I don't know why those people were burning their stinky dead leaves.
  And why are all the parents discussing it in such hushed tones?  They'll burn us if we don't talk louder about it.
  Well, because it's sometimes dead silent in the summer.
  I think sound could just travel blocks and blocks.
  What was that?  What were they saying about our leaf burning?  Every now and then you hear like a barking dog.
  I feel like the neighborhood I grew up in and you go outside to where it was, it was  houses and houses away.
  You live in a really eerie.
  It sounds like Truman Show-esque like audio all around.
  This is actually suburban Philadelphia.
  Yes.
  In Pennsylvania or New Jersey?  In Delaware County, in like a mayor of Easttown country.
  Right.
  So I, yeah, no, I only remember that one stuck out in mind because there were always like  everyone had like big either like German Shepherds or Yellow Labs or Black Labs.
  And there was a couple of dogs who it's like, OK, that is a German Shepherd and it's very  friendly and that one is German Shepherd and he's mean.
  And I saw one attack a mailman once.
  Oh, no.
  I believe the mailman maced the dog and then vaulted over a fence and ran back to his car.
  And I saw this from half a block away and I was just like, oh, why?  Well I'm going inside the rest of the day.
  I'm never going to tell anyone this until I'm on a podcast.
  Twenty two years later.
  A mailman maced a dog and we haven't heard the story in six years of doing the show.
  Yeah.
  That's shocking to me, honestly.
  Because I didn't want to tell anyone because it was actually one of the nice dogs.
  And I think it just got startled from a mailman.
  I think it was sleeping on the front step and it just got startled by a mailman.
  Oh, hmm.
  Remember when German Shepherds and Dobermans were as scary as dogs got?  They were like the scariest dogs there were.
  As opposed.
 Are you saying that there are now scarier breeds?  Yes.
  I don't know that I don't have a dog.
  I don't know.
 So I'm not then I'm not walking.
  It was like in movies if you were a guard dog was a German Shepherd or Doberman, possibly  a Rottweiler, but there was no like pit bull or a.
  Right.
  You know, what was Cujo?  I feel like he was a mastiff.
  Just very slobbery.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Possibly had mange.
  What's the Sandlot dog?  St.
 Bernard.
  Yeah.
  And we love St.
 Bernard's in the 90s because of Beethoven.
  Sure.
  They weren't scary.
  They were.
  Right.
  Everyone loves St.
 Bernard.
  Was that's hey, that's where the laughs came from in the case of Beethoven and Groten,  the straight man, he anchored it.
  You see, of course, I was thinking you're the torture of the kid on the ride, making  him stay on the ride and go over and over.
  That is the third act of the film Clifford, which comes up a lot with Charles Groton makes  Clifford be low.
  You want how bad?  How much do you want to be on this?  And it was a he's a mouthy kid.
  You really you did Clifford in real life.
  What year was Clifford?  Clifford was well, it was made in like 90 but sat on the shelf until 94.
  So it came out in 94.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I definitely didn't see it in 94.
  OK, OK.
  Well, there are a lot of people did.
  No, no, no.
  Ripping it off.
  Only Clifford has reached peak popularity now.
  I would say in the last year as multiple podcasts have started to talk about it.
  I think Tom Sharpling is a big Clifford.
  Yeah.
  Big Clifford.
  He has props.
  He has the collection.
  Oh, that's right.
  He has the suit.
  He has a real Clifford suit.
  Yeah.
  We started calling our audience Cliffords, but due to their theme park enthusiasm and  their eternal childlike wonder.
  And half of them like it and half of them will still sometimes find a way to pretty  good.
  Pretty good.
  That's kind of what I thought it would be.
  Honestly, it's stuck more than I ever thought it would.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I did not intend for it to be the official name of our audience where we're saying it  not even as a, Hey, Clifford, so we got a show coming up.
  Click on the link.
  It became so casual.
  So fast.
  Yeah.
  I'm sorry if you're a Clifford who doesn't like it, but you are.
  But I did still call you a Clifford.
  But you are a Clifford.
  Let's be honest.
  We are too.
  But you are too.
  That's why it's here.
  Uh, it says we're talking about, uh, kids.
  I watched.
  Uh-oh.
  We're all afraid of this.
  You'll know what segue we're afraid of when we get there.
  No, it's not the fairest, Will.
  That was like a Byron Allen segue.
  I understand you've gone on a date.
  I just didn't want to forget the story because it involves the scrambler specifically, but  I, I got a pretty good, uh, video view of Bowcraft because there, there was a YouTube  account called Coaster Kids, Coaster with a K, Kids with a K.
  Um, and they were, uh, riding all the rides at Bowcraft.
  It appeared to have the park to themselves.
  When was this?  This is maybe five or six years old.
  So, uh, they're all, or five or six years ago, excuse me.
  Um, and they all seem to be in their like preteen years.
  So they're probably all in college and probably if family brings it up, they're like, I don't  want to talk about Coaster Kids anymore.
  Um, excuse me.
  Aren't you one of the Coaster Kids?  Shut up, man.
  I told you.
  I told you.
  Check it out over here.
  A Coaster Kid.
  They didn't seem super jazzed to be at Bowcraft, but the moment that stuck out to me was when  they ride, uh, rode the scrambler and, uh, the, the main, uh, girl, uh, yelled while  sitting in a scrambler bench.
  This bench is really hot.
  Oh yeah.
  I remember that too.
  Yeah.
  And that might've been part of it is that, that footwell, it was like one of those solar  ovens.
  We're just like, every angle was hot metal.
  Yeah.
  And I was bouncing around.
  I read a lot of scramblers and, um, that kind of doesn't go away no matter how fancy the  park is, but, um, they rode this and when they got off, they were viewing it and the  girl went, uh, this is probably the sketchiest scrambler I've ever been on.
  Uh, my seat was held together by duct tape.
  Yeah, that could be.
  You never want to hear that.
  Um, that's not the thing you want to hear.
  Uh, I remembered that Bowcraft is featured in a Bruce Willis Demi Moore movie.
  Um, I don't remember the name, but it was like a mortal thought.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  So there was a poster in the main building slash arcade for mortal thoughts.
  And if you didn't know that trivia, you'd be like, why are you like fans of this?  Huge mortal thoughts fans.
  It, well, it's made especially cause I was like, oh yeah, I'd like to see how this is  you.
  Oh, I like a good movie filmed in a theme park and you put it on it.
  It's once it, well, it's also like, it is a brutal rape slash murder scene.
  It is like in a parking lot.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's the background essentially of like a horrifying sequence.
  And they're very proud of their place in cinema history.
  Hey, without us it would have been all sad.
  There wouldn't have been some nice bright lights behind that.
  A lot of people seeing that movie going, I'd like to visit that place behind this horrible  thing that's happening.
  Rather be in there than in this scary van that the scene happens in.
  You know who's buried in, uh, Scotch planes?  No.
  Go around guessing until we get it.
  Dudley Moore.
  What?  I don't, I like, I don't, I haven't looked into why, what is connection to Scotch planes  New Jersey is.
  Wow.
  Was he, was a mistake?  He fell out of a car.
  It's a mistake.
  Like the packing slips at Scotch planes.
  Oh well.
  Just leave it there.
  Just following instructions.
  I found a little Scotch planes history, um, in terms of birth famous people from Scotch  planes.
  That's the birthplace of Judy Bloom of composer Mark Shaman.
  Who's come up a bunch of times lately.
  Um, this, this is just dry statement.
  John Gano, the man who baptized George Washington.
  That's a historical character.
  I didn't know that.
  I think as an adult is what, I think it's just, it wasn't born in England.
  Oh yeah.
  So, oh wait.
  Yeah.
  So the, to be born there and then quickly go on to baptize George Washington.
  Why do you have to be baptized later?  I don't know.
  Why?  When I started looking into this, there were people who thought it was fake or something  like, no, he would have been baptized as a, historians were arguing about whether George  Washington was baptized as a baby or not.
  Was it another one of his like PR thing?  I remember George Washington's PR man, Mason Weems, with all of the different George Washington  legends like were fake.
  Like the wooden dentures.
  Yeah.
  It was all his PR guy talking about what a great guy this was.
  Really?  Could that PR, could this be fake?  This is another Weems exclusive.
  That's right.
  So wait, sorry.
  Is Weems a recent person or an at the time person?  You mean like a new guy?  The slimy PR guy from the 18th century.
  I can't believe the old days.
  That's what I want.
  It is a modern, like George Washington's current agent, essentially.
  Yeah.
  You're saying the IP of George Washington is still being preserved and there would be  a PR person now still trying to push an area.
  Yeah.
  You bring up these weirdos who like the person who's holding the Bozo license or whatever,  who has the George Washington license?  I guess you might call that the estate, but I thought it's more fun to think of him as  an IP.
  Okay, here we go.
  Mason Weems, Mason Locke Weems, October 11th, 1759 to May 23rd, 1825, usually referred to  as Parson Weems, was an American minister, evangelical bookseller and author who wrote  the first biography of George Washington immediately after his death.
  Some of the pop popular stories about Washington can be traced to Weems, including the cherry  tree.
  Oh, they all threw that he threw a cherry tree across the Potomac.
  Yeah, that was the crossing.
  Wow, geez, well, this is he's like a like a Trumpian like, yeah, who was the one who  skipped a coin or a rock across the Potomac?  Is that also Jefferson?  Or is this one of them?  It probably was a lie though.
  Yeah.
  I mean, why?  Yeah.
  Why does it make him fit to be a leader?  That's like a trick.
  It doesn't make you strong.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Just like wrist strength is not much.
  What are you going to do with that?  I bet he's good at dealing cards.
  Slightly 3% more quickly than a typical card dealer.
  The name Parson Weems sounds familiar, but I don't know.
  Okay, I want to learn more about Parson.
  I'm kind of into colonial era publicists.
  That's the easier guy.
  Yeah, that's the number one.
  It doesn't get bigger than Weems.
  Never thought it would come up in the spot.
  If I could get a little bit of a sense of it, I mean, I'm not a big fan of Parson Weems.
  I mean, I'm not a big fan of Parson Weems.
  I mean, I'm not a big fan of Parson Weems.
  I mean, I'm not a big fan of Parson Weems.
  I feel like calling yourself Mason Locke just sounds like a stronger, makes a stronger impression.
  Okay.
  If you were Mason Locke Weems' agent, you would have told him to change his name.
  Yeah, I would have changed his name.
  Parson Weems.
  Parson Weems didn't have his own Parson Weems.
  Yeah, I was like Irving Thalberg just going like, you're Judy Garland now, you're Fred  So-and-so now.
  Right.
  See, he was so busy helping his clients, he forgot to help himself.
  Yeah.
  The curse of Weems.
  Oh, Weems.
  The curse of Weems.
  Oh, Mr.
 Weems.
  Scott, you also mentioned, I think when we were talking about doing this episode, that  the other movie filmed here is the Rob Reiner movie North?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Another like, what, you filmed it?  Yeah.
  No poster at BoKraft for North?  What year was North?  I think also 94.
  94, yeah.
  94.
  And also like I hated, like sat on a shelf like Clifford.
  I remember Roger Ebert's review, like him hating that movie more than any movie he'd  ever seen in his life.
  I kind of remembered that.
  I never saw it and I just, yeah, it was like such aggressive hatred.
  I'll get around to North.
  I did not know that was shot there.
  Oh, it's really quick.
  I feel like they would have been like, kids would have known that at the time.
  Unless North was so.
.
.
  If they were listening to Ebert as I was as a young child, 10 year old.
  Kids had gotten ahold of the script and said, this is going to turn out to be a bad movie.
  Let's not go to BoKraft and try to see it being shot.
  This is a bizarre.
.
.
  Elijah Wood, John Lovitz, Jason Alexander, Alan Arkin, Dan Aykroyd, Kathy Bates, Julia  Louis-Dreyfus, Reba McIntyre, John Ritter, Abe Vigoda, Bruce Willis.
  Yeah, because they were all prospective foster parents.
  He was a free agent.
  He was like, I hate my parents.
  I want new parents.
  I'm going to like audition parents.
  So it's probably like each of those was like coupled up and like had a scene or two where  like, try us.
  We do funny things.
  We are extremely broad mom and dad characters.
  But clearly not right for you.
  So that's why it comes this early in the movie.
  Not right.
  We have them for a day though.
  So get them in and out.
  Per law, we get to hang out with him for a day or two.
  It's probably a fun shoot.
  Elijah must have had a blast.
  Was that also a rape scene?  No, not.
  Something about the poker parking lot vibe.
  You know, I wasn't planning on putting it in the movie, but now that I'm seeing the  parking lot, it just kind of feels like.
.
.
  You know, well, no one's seen it here, so we'll never know.
  It easily could be.
  Well, look, if we're talking about horrible things, why don't we talk about what happened  after.
.
.
  Let's be very clear.
  After you were a ride operator.
  Yes.
  It's a absolve you of this.
  By after you mean like a week after.
  Was it that close?  Yes.
  Oh my God.
  I left sometime in August to go to college.
  And yeah, it was like the next week, a kid fell off the top of the Ferris wheel, which  is like, I don't know, 30, 40 feet.
  That's up 50.
  Really?  Even more.
  Yeah, that's a big fall.
  I was going to say 50, but I was like, eh.
  You don't need to try to impress them with how tall the Ferris wheel was.
  You'd be like one of those Hugh Hefner things.
  We've got to look into it more.
  Yeah, I'm not self-conscious about the size of Bo Kress Ferris wheel.
  I'm going to really bomb out on this butt guest of like fake brag about Ferris wheel  numbers.
  What's he compensating for?  What a little man.
  Little man with a big Ferris wheel.
  Big Ferris wheel lies.
  Okay, so kid fell off and he didn't die.
  Which allows us to have a little fun talking about it.
  Everyone breathe a sigh of relief.
  Which allowed him to have an act two in life.
  So, I don't know, it's a few years, 10 years or whatever.
  At some point I was like, whatever happened to that kid?  Maybe I didn't even know if he had died or not.
  So, I Googled like Bo Kress Ferris wheel fall or whatever.
  Found the kid's name and then Googled that name.
  The next thing he comes up in, he was part of a robbery gang.
  Like bank robberies possibly or maybe just store robberies.
  It's like gas stations.
  Yeah, like 12.
  Wow.
  First off, I did the same thought process.
  I looked at the kid's name.
  I said, well, maybe there was a follow up with him 10 or 20 years later.
  How are you doing?  What are you doing now?  And the only other results of that name are indicted.
  Yeah, part of a string of robberies across like Northern New Jersey.
  Or your hometown.
  He was from, he was living in my hometown, Mountainside at the time.
  He was known as Name.
  I apologize that a couple towns over is John Gano, the man who baptized George Washington.
  But all you got is Ferris wheel fall survivor and gas station robber.
  I feel like that's a pretty good defense of like, your honor.
  I fell off a Ferris wheel when I was younger.
  Yeah, that's what I thought.
 It was like some Phineas Gage type thing.
  But it didn't seem to work.
  It didn't.
 There was no mention of I'm surprised none of the articles about the robberies were like, by the way, one of these people fell off a Ferris wheel and was talking right after the end.
  Like it was fine fractured his skull, but they repaired and he was fine.
  Do you think he was going in the gas stations going, give me all the money.
  I fell off a Ferris wheel.
  Like, wait, what? How do you do that? Just shut up.
  I did it.
 Give me the money.
  All right.
 Well, here we go.
  Wait, you survived though?  Of course I survived.
  Oh, that's right.
 I'm looking at you.
  They were just afraid it would set a dangerous precedent if they let them off that like kids growing up maybe like in poor, you know, would be like I should fall off a Ferris wheel because that'll give me license to rob stores later in life.
  And that's how I get by.
  Parents would be like nudging them off.
  Oops, my kid fell off.
  He's free to rob stores now.
  Yeah.
  Surely the Joker has done this as an alibi.
  It's like I just I fell in the access chemicals stuff and I ain't been right since.
  And then there would be like kids trying to fall off like lesser rides.
  I fell off a Tilted Whirl.
  But I want to commit more tame crimes.
  So mine will be more like a little more like parking tickets at least stealing like build a bear skins and stuff secretly low level $25 crime.
  Yes.
  I would say you know what I'm saying.
  The skin of the build a bear, not the stuffing.
  Stealing.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Not the outside of the store.
  But of the bear.
  Was the Tilted Whirl at full speed when you fell off?  Yes, your honor.
  OK.
  All right.
  So you are free to go.
  I when so then it's all it's potentially like if you know that paying for college is not going to work out for your kid at an early age.
  All you got to do take a ride on a Ferris wheel.
  Well, that's why they started in line for the first.
  So you had to take a polygraph that you were not in this financial game.
  But you just wanted to enjoy the ride.
  Are you here for fun and frivolity?  Yeah.
  Do you have any ulterior motives for riding the Ferris wheel today?  No.
  OK.
  Are you aware of the story of the boy from 1994?  This law.
  What?  Never mind.
 You can go on.
  Your honor, my client couldn't have done this.
  His retinas were damaged when he was very young by any number of sun bleached colors.
  This is this is a big thing that stuck out to me when I saw the park.
  Like, look at this messed up sun bleached like Pinocchio statue.
  Take a look at this.
  Well, there's they certainly did not have license to use Disney.
  Yeah.
  Oh, sure.
  I would also argue the bigger problem is the design of Pinocchio.
  They're not necessarily just his faded colors.
  Or that he is bulbous and frightening.
  That would be what I'm getting at.
  You know what?  They did have a Griffith Park style small trim, not the tiny one, but like.
  A little bit bigger than that.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean, that's good.
  Like I it feels like a place I would take my kids to if it was.
  It doesn't seem like shady despite all of these.
  It really wasn't.
  No shadier than any other.
  Like, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 It seemed like a roadside carnival that just put down roots.
  Yes.
  It seemed like it was much more of a nature park in the 40s.
  I believe so.
  And the owners were very into their roots.
  Oh, yes.
  Well, let's get into that.
  You might be wondering what is this name?  Why Bowcraft?  And it's because it started as a small archery and ski equipment store.
  It's like so that was the that was the business.
  It was a guy named Ted Miller.
  Then he went to war and did like odd jobs in the war.
  Sharpened bayonets and such made enough money to buy the property surrounding  Bowcraft and turn it into other stuff.
  Ski slopes and miniature golf.
  And then it slowly, you know, became a theme park.
  Do they still have miniature golf?  I don't even remember.
  I think that may have like faded away.
  They did.
  They did.
  OK.
 All right.
 Well, then I'm fine.
  Then I'm pulling things out of nowhere.
  But so he and his wife Ted and Isabel Miller are the owners.
  And you can find a couple things about them pretty quickly.
  One, Christian scientists.
  Two, members of the John Birch Society, the hyper conservative.
  I mean, what do I don't I'm no expert in this, but like very arch  conservative, crazy, conspiratorial, really right wing, very anti-communist.
  I think used to be a little more like people like, oh, they're crazy.
  OK, we're conservative, but we're not John Birch Society conservatives.
  Now they're like the mainstream Republican Party.
  Do they still exist?  John Birch?  I think in some form or another.
  I think so.
  But is it a little like mission accomplished?  Now the whole party is the John Birch Society.
  They never seem to be happy.
  So they're probably still complaining.
  Communism keeps threatening us.
  He's coming.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Around every like with the you know, on like Netflix shows and drag  performances, there's communism everywhere.
  Bud Light marketing.
  You just can't get away from it.
  And this is what the owners of BoCraft were trying to warn about.
  They quote some local website.
  They would put they would often put up anti-communist and right wing slogans on  the message board facing Route 22.
  So they were very out and about with that stuff.
  And I found an ad that was in local papers for when it was still just a ski  shop, BoCraft ski shop.
  And there's, you know, nice things.
  And our goals are quality merchandise, service, friendliness, constant  improvement and perfection.
  Then a little box under that.
  We are also an American opinion bookstore with books and pamphlets which tell  the truth about the treachery lies and enslavement of communism.
  Yes, I also had the little box.
  We own a nice little box.
  What a loaded box.
  Sounds like you have everything.
  My sporting needs.
 Great.
  One more thing.
  Oh, hey, you know, the you know, that weird bookstore, you know, they opened a  bunch of kiddie rides.
  Oh, that sounds good.
  That with my my carousel.
  That's a well, I want my year, my five year old to learn about the treachery.
  Yeah.
  What year was he alive?  This owner, I think.
  I think he sold.
  He was still alive when you worked there.
  Look, I don't know.
  I don't know if he sold it a couple years later.
  Did he after the accident?  He was running it during the when the accident happened.
  Yes.
  Did you have any sense of the right winginess of this place?  For some reason, I knew about John Byrd's.
  I don't think I really knew what that meant.
  And I was not aware of like who owned the place, who was like in charge.
  Sure, sure.
  It wasn't reflected in it.
  There was no like you asked for a raise.
  Like, what do you get out of here?  Binko.
  We never asked for a rate.
  I've been here three weeks now.
  You barge into the office, slam the door, the door just falls apart behind you.
  No babies have died on my watch.
  Been alarmed and screamed possibly, but it's not a death.
  Stronger for it.
  I when I bring all this up, that it is a theme park that grew out of odd little roots,  where it was one little business and then became a theme park, but that there was a right wing John Birch influence infused in the early days of the book.
  What does this remind us?  Where have we heard?  Oh, not a wall.
  Not very far.
  Not very far.
  Which we this was something we found long, long ago.
  One of the first episodes with Ryan Perez that I don't know if you knew this, that the same thing with not the job.
  He the Walter not who started the place had this agenda of, well, it's it's a it's fried chicken and then we'll open a Calico ghost town.
  And then also there's a little thing called the Freedom Center, a very sad little books.
  I finally I think for the first time I saw a picture of the Freedom Center.
  It is the plainest sign.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Saddest little room.
  One of the things you could do in the early 60s, at least at Knott's Berry Farm was go and get conservative literature with titles like I found a couple of the specifics.
  The socialist plan for conquest and communism on the map.
  Yeah.
  We found that like newsreel of Walter not saying like expousing his his belief.
  Oh, we do.
  Oh, I thought I had found that for the first time.
  OK, I can't remember.
  We played it on the show.
  I can't remember if that was was that playing in the Freedom Center or was that just something he was getting like interviewed?  I can't remember.
  I'm not sure.
  I just know that you would go in and get really dry and scary little pamphlets.
  Yeah.
  And we've been talking about the Freedom Center ever since.
  It's come up many times and I wanted to see if I could come in with something more specific than the Freedom Center when it comes to Walter Knott's John Birch conservatism.
  And I really like what I found, which is that Walter Knott did a very special week of live entertainment in Anaheim in Disney's backyard.
  And well, it's I mean, it was entertainment, but it was also a school.
  It was a school that went by several names.
  One was Christian anti-communist school and another one, a little blunter, was anti-red school.
  Wow.
  OK.
  And so this what this was was like a big outdoor event in like a football stadium, like a high school football stadium.
  And families came.
  People brought their kids, people.
  Orange County parents were encouraged to pull their kids out of quote unquote real school and put them into for this week anti-communist school and watch really dry lectures about the commie thread.
  This event was put on by not just Walter Knott, but also the founder of the Crystal Cathedral down near Disneyland and Carl Karcher, a.
k.
a.
  Carl's Jr.
  Carl.
 Wow.
  Yeah, they put on a little anti-communist Coachella.
  Wow.
  Lasted all week.
  That's wild.
  Can't get that out of your head the next time you see a Carl's Jr.
  He was like a Walter Knott.
  These people made Walt Disney look like a socialist, I guess.
  Yeah, really?  Yes.
  Much is made of the kind of traditional nature of Walt Disney, but he was nowhere near.
  You have to think about the kind of person that wants to create like an amusement park.
  Well, first of all, the kind of money that they have and like property ownership and where does that put you like a mass amount of property?  Where does that put you politically?  But what were you saying?  Just that like, no, this is what the world should be.
  Oh, yeah.
  Carefully manicured that usually involves some element of like the way it was back in the old days.
  Yeah.
 You know, before all the stuff.
  Yeah.
 Remember a simpler time.
  They have been remembering simpler time.
  Like, I don't even know if anyone certainly no one's around for the simpler time, but it's just like, man, you guys started remembering the simpler time like a month later.
  Well, also, like at this point, our old people talking about like the 60s and 70s as simpler times.
  Probably good strong gasoline.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Everyone was everything was copacetic.
  My memory of circa 1968 is that things were functioning great.
  Yeah.
  Everybody pretty chill.
  Most months had no significant assassinations.
  His entire weeks would go by without a very famous assassination.
  Yeah.
  An unthinkable assassination.
  There was also one of the big stars at this great school that kids got to go to was a guy named Herb Philbrick.
  And he would get up and say things like, the free world is shrinking and the communist controlled world is growing.
  It's the old salami tactic.
  One slice at a time.
  Well, Jason.
  Oh, the old salami tactic.
  Jason can get behind this.
  Salami for lunch today.
  Did you really?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Well, Jimmy John's.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Well, you've heard the salami tactic before?  Yeah.
  That's how I order every time.
  It's hard through these apps to order ahead and you put salami tactic.
  They don't know what the hell you're talking about.
  Use the salami tactic.
  Use the salami tactic.
  I mean, if that was an existing phrase or it became like if he was the first and last person to say salami tactic.
  Well, we haven't started to apply it to anything else, which I guess, you know, mission accomplished.
  It only refers to communism.
  Is it like you can trick people into eating 10 pounds of salami by serving them one slice at a time?  You know, yeah, it's a much less elegant version of what is the thing of like boiling the frog?  Boiling the frog.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Where they don't notice.
  Yeah.
  Just like you slowly turn up the temperature, you slowly feed person slice after slice of salami and they don't even realize they're eating pounds of salami.
  You know what?  They're going to notice.
  They're going to eventually notice if it's in a period of time.
  Has anyone ever eaten lots of salami without realizing?  Well, let's ask the guy who might have.
  Well, I was going to I thought it was more like the potato chip.
  Like, oh, you can't just eat one potato chip and then you just start eating potato chips and you're all the way in.
  That is better.
  That is much better because it comes in a bag.
  You maybe don't notice you're watching TV.
  I don't I can't imagine the scenario where like, God, an hour went by and sure enough, I'm full.
  My body is entirely full of salami now.
  You know how you when you start snacking on salami, you can't stop.
  You just keep going.
  I feel like football game.
  You got the big bowl and we've all wondered, does the host have some ulterior motive for me eating all this salami?  Are they fattening me up?  What's really behind this that I'm too blind to realize?  No, keep eating, please.
  You might get your home is my home and my salami is your salami.
  As long as it's all of it.
  I'm going to leave the salami out here next to this picket fence, this bucket of white paint with a brush.
  You know, just keep eating the salami.
  I'm not trying to like brushing it up.
  You to rely on me for your salami because you're no longer capable of getting your own salami.
  The salt and nitrates just hooks full salami freedom.
  I imagine you will.
  I don't want you to become dependent on me.
  Big Salami brother.
  Forever indoctrinated into only eating salami, trying to recruit others to eat salami.
  The other with this guy who is saying this, his old thing, he he would frame it as he was never asked back.
  You were his speech went on to include 30 more somewhat inelegant salami related metaphors.
  The world about the casing is what really.
  It's like the entire earth is getting trapped in a giant salami casing sucking us closer, trapping in the taste.
  He had clearly eaten a submarine sandwich for lunch, but forgotten to write his speech.
  You're on in five.
  Okay, one sec.
  Maybe if you weren't so busy eating salami, you would have time to write your speech.
  Of course.
  But sure enough, the speech came to him quickly and as he got up exceedingly slowly lurched to the stage, his belly about to explode.
  This was the children or?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, yeah, kids come.
  It's a day in a park.
  You get to skip school, right?  Miss not is going to be there for that's very far.
  The burger guy is going to be there and Herb Filbrick, an FBI spy, hid in a communist organization to rat on them.
  That's who this is.
  That's Mr.
 Salami.
  Why do you think that analogy or would like appeal to kids like kids would understand you kids?  You kids understand salami.
  You all use salami bags staring back at me.
  You kids who are just presented sandwiches and don't really think about where they come from or how the contents are acquired.
  Every Halloween going from door to door, getting fat with the salami slices you're handed for all you do is say trick or treat and you get it for free.
  The commie price.
  One slice at a time.
  That's what's crazy is I forgot that wasn't even the one I was going to read and I'm sure glad I did now.
  The other thing he said was communists are rough, tough, nasty, and they hate you.
  And then furthermore, the events organizers explained that anyone who considered this school alarmist may themselves be a communist.
  Of course.
  Wow.
  Could you say it again?  Rough, tough and nasty, tough, nasty, and they hate you.
  Anyone who says that the salami slice metaphor is confusing is undoubtedly a communist who probably had a big old lunch of salami.
  So Walter not look, he gave us some rides that we like and he set up one of the great speeches ever given.
  Two children.
  So this is, you know, John Birch Society and themed entertainment go hand in hand.
  Always a great fit.
  I don't think anything else on the bow craft.
  One thing that both craft the coaster seems like it was all right.
  The coaster seems like a it's called the crossbow in keeping with the new to me.
  Oh, maybe it's new.
  Okay.
  So they did not have anything that you were there.
  A decent size.
  Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
  Was it one of those like it fits in like a little pen?  Yeah.
  Like, yeah.
  No, not going to know it.
  It had a genuine, decent set that like went up the hill.
  The crossbow was the name of it.
  Is there anything on it online?  Yeah, you'd find.
  They sold it off.
  The coaster kids, I believe, gave it mostly one scream or one point five screams.
  And said it was mostly very rattly.
  Oh, I'm going to assume that the coaster kid rating is higher than one point five.
  No, no.
  I'm sorry that these the total amount of screams you can get.
  Is it four or five or ten?  How bad was this coast?  I don't know.
  Well, they were the only ones on it.
  So if they made any noise, you would have heard it across the way.
  Yeah, crossbow operated from July 2006 to 2018.
  There you go.
  Well, I'm happy to be here when you learned that this part got what I thought looked like an OK roller coaster.
  But the coaster kids have taught me is not.
  Yeah, the coaster kids would know.
  Yeah, I would know.
  I found a Reddit thread where people were remembering Bo craft.
  Did you see this?  No, I think.
  I think two things.
  One one commenter said when I was growing up, this place had a reputation of being owned by white nationalists.
  And someone replied, no, not white nationalists, John Burt Society types, but not Nazis.
  So clearly got that clear.
  Let's be clear.
  Just people who associate with a lot of Nazis.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Crypto Nazis.
  Yeah.
  The fact that I really like someone said fun fact about that carousel, assuming the setup didn't break by the last time your kid wrote it.
  The music it played wasn't physically part of the ride in the middle.
  There was a CD player and a very large speaker.
  Whoever was operating the ride would have to climb into the middle and restart the music manually every time it finished.
  Oh, that must be why it just played all the time.
  When I was there, they just restarted.
  They hit it on loop and just let it go.
  Yeah.
  You were near the carousel.
  You heard the carousel all at all times.
  Wow.
  So once CD players developed the loop option, they stopped making teens climb into the center.
  I think I did do the merry-go-round or carousel and I don't remember climbing in the middle.
  Was it like a record album and you'd have to put the needle on the phone?  Oh, I don't know.
  They didn't go into it.
  It's a wax cylinder.
  They said they shazamed it and it was a mass-produced CD, but then they never found what the name was again.
  Some lovely memories of the park.
  Yeah.
  And those are mankind's two memories.
  That's all that's left of this place.
  Yeah, the carousel was kind of janky and then another person chimed in and, hey, we didn't have a bunch of white nationalists on that.
  I was like, no, no.
  It's just kind of white national.
  It was on the down-box.
  I don't know.
  It didn't have any weirdness associated with it at the time.
  The rides went in circles.
  If you got up above them, you would not see rides that went in swastika shapes.
  Yes.
  It's a very impractical shape for a ride.
  I know that's never where you plan to bring one of those Hugh Hefner towers so you could see it from above.
  I'm going to inspect these rides.
  Make sure there's no weird shapes to talk about.
  Well, this is what really becomes the legacy of the place unless anybody has anything else.
  I had to the exit here.
  So as you said, Jason, it closes in like 2017, 2018 or so.
  Fall.
  It just becomes like apartments, townhouses, just boring stuff.
  For white supremacists.
  They will only accept.
  But what happens to all of these rides?  You don't just have to get rid of the ride.
  You don't just bulldoze them.
  There's another potential function of these things.
  So all of the rides went up for sale on a website called rides for you dot com.
  Number four.
  Number four.
  And you have rights for you right now.
  Great.
 Perfect.
  What a great thing to find out about.
  Right.
  For you.
  What you're going to say.
  I think some of them are still on there.
  And I mean all of them because the roller coaster was like it's everything from there was a price list.
  Like even the biggest, most expensive one is still there.
  I'm able to find a buyer post the demise of Michael Jackson.
  There are not a lot of buyers for small roller coasters out there.
  Yeah, that way you could buy that from for five hundred thousand down to a helicopter for five.
  Can you search by park?  You can search.
  I'm looking at the you can go like use.
  I think it actually has by part.
  It seems to be by some of it.
  You have to figure out the context where you would have to do some forensic work to figure out if that's it'll tell you like what year the ride is from.
  But I don't know.
  You have to really you have to dig a little bit.
  It doesn't tell you if any of the rides are in the background of the Bruce Willis film.
  Mortal thoughts.
  Tilted worlds.
  There's a couple of Tilted worlds available under used.
  There's one scrambler available.
  This is I don't know how we have.
  We've not come across this.
  This is shocking that we have no no no.
  We talk about trying to buy.
  Usually it's McDonald and stuff like playground equipment.
  But we have not.
  I mean, we've mentioned what rides we might want to own if we had our own ranch, let's say.
  But we have not seen this.
  I'm shocked that this hasn't come across our.
  This is it's a it's a really good source for if it was ever going to be an opportunity.
  You know, there's probably some more work involved in terms of getting it out here unless we just go.
  We let this drive our decisions and we go move to rural New Jersey.
  It's not rural.
  Well, no, it isn't.
  I mean, we will find rural New Jersey rebuild.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There you go.
  Right, right.
  Buy this log flume for eight hundred thousand dollars.
  You might have a log flume.
  That's it.
  It's a lot to wrap your head around buying and like where is it all sitting right now?  A blog flume in parts.
  It's kind of crazy.
  Well, that's like that Batman and Robin roller coaster at Six Flags.
  Great Adventures sat like just the pieces were rusting in the woods for a while.
  After because I think it was supposed to get flown to Brazil and then parts of it did and the park went under like some sort of crazy things.
  Wait, which what?  There was a Batman and Robin themed after the Batman and Robin the movie from the late 90s and at what park?  At Great Adventure.
  Yeah, I remember that near freefall.
  It was I forget.
  I've gotten rid of freefall.
  But then this this opened and it was kind of controversial when it opened because it drew from the local power grid and kept causing brownouts.
  The one ride.
  The one ride because it would do it would do like a zero to 60 zero to 70.
  They would do a big launch and that requires a lot of power.
  So like with universal bill, it's like we don't really feel like we're sorry.
  The Incredible Hulk themed roller coaster universal Orlando.
  They built a power substation just for this.
  But Six Flags did not do that.
  They were on the main grid and just plugged into one outlet long extension cord and the residents pay the price that that that long film I believe is from Adventureland.
  The place we talked about with Gabris and you could buy a Ferris wheel.
  You could buy a drop tower.
  The double shot, which is from another strangely named Jersey Shore play lands castaway Cove.
  Oh, this was in this year.
  Yes, you can buy that ride from rides for you.
  Yeah, I thought that was still there.
  I think I also looked at unless I think it's possible that because they only show you pictures of the rides in context.
  And I think it's possible that they are selling rides before they have been removed from their initial setting.
  Oh, now maybe you're getting down the alarm about that practice.
  It just doesn't seem like a good because if people are paying the part that isn't that isn't it double dipping?  Yeah, good.
  And isn't aren't there commies involved?  This presence that one one last thing because you mentioned that because there was seemingly a big playland sign outside of Bo craft.
  Did you see the commercial?  Yes, like 80s commercial.
  Yes, I have it.
  Do you have a land wants to play it in Rye, New York?  Yeah.
  Oh, no, this is I think I think Bo craft was called Bo craft play land for is that what you're saying?  Yeah.
  The fabulous Bo craft amusement park experience with acres of fun for everyone rides the all new giant sky wheel the exciting bumper car rides.
  Tilted world kiddie rides a fun filled day for everyone and close to home.
  So you save gas Bo craft amusement park.
  We're 22.
  It's got planes open tonight till 11.
  Seven of those.
  Not open tonight.
  Close today.
  I've never seen the ad drive over.
  Yeah, it's pretty fun.
  I that was just there aren't that many YouTube results for Bo craft.
  And that's like the first one decently produced.
  But they really stress the both of both of the ads out there stress the cheapness and the savings.
  Save money on gas like I that made me laugh.
  So what do you want to go to great adventure for?  What's so great about that?  Think about how much goddamn gas you would use.
  I think the song in the ninety four one refers to cheapness.
  Oh, my God.
 Yeah, you're right.
  This Bo craft amusement park.
  Yeah, I remember that price available 10 a.
m.
 to 1 p.
m.
 every day tonight.
  Yeah, that I totally remember.
  Wow.
  That might have been when you worked there potentially.
  I did.
  I have one more thing from rides for you dot com.
  I think we're all thinking about the opportunities.
  This opens up Andrew, especially.
  This is your this is your shot for right.
  And to operate again, don't you get in?  Aren't you hankering to get the old the finger, the button pushing finger?  But now you own the means of production as well.
  That's the dream of a ride operator.
  Well, this is the biggest opportunity that we all have is that, you know, like a big, tall thrill ride.
  That seems impossible.
  Are we you have?  But this one ride owner for millennials through a ride ownership is just beyond.
  Yes, our generation has been screwed.
  It's like we'll never own a ride.
  Our parents each had a couple of tilt the world.
  You guys are renting your thrill ride.
  Yeah.
  Our only hope is that our parents fed the generationally.
  We've become the right owner.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  But so there's categories of ride.
  Right.
  And there's there's still the world and scrambler and that kind of thing.
  And then I saw the tab dark ride.
  Oh, please, please, please.
  Because like Andrew generally, I think we start salivating over dark rides just to talk about or to think about because a lot of these rides are fun, but they don't have stories.
  And with a dark ride, you get like an immersive world and a tale and the idea that they are selling every part of a dark ride.
  Yeah, so exciting to me.
  And it's not just any dark ride.
  It is a ride called Tomb Rider 3D.
  It is a name that is a ripoff of Tomb Raider, but a font that is a ripoff of Indiana Jones.
  Yeah, yes.
  But a ride where if you watch the ride through is more of a ripoff of the Revenge of the Mummy from Universal.
  So it's a it's got a great little triptych of ripoff.
  This ride was made by the Ripley's Believe It or Not organization.
  This ride was in downtown San Antonio, literally across the street from the Alamo.
  Wow.
  You can do a Google image of where this now closed ride was and then just whip it around and see the Alamo.
  Is there like a Hollywood Boulevard in front of the Alamo, like a tourist trap?  Yes, there is an entire it's all Ripley's and Guinness Book of World Records.
  Like the Great Pyramids.
  There's like the Pizza Hut right next to it.
  Right.
  Of course.
  Is that one true?  It is.
  I've seen pictures like through a Pizza Hut window of the Great Pyramids.
  Geez.
  Well, bubblegum shrimp.
  Very close to every historical landmark.
  This ride, to bring up something that was mentioned a little earlier, this ride shared a wall with the Jimmy Johns.
  Shared a wall.
  How lucky.
  Something Jason could only dream of.
  Did you have to put the connections together of like this ride looks familiar or does it list where it was?  I don't think it lists where it was, but it shows you the sign and it shows you every every part of it.
  There's a lot of photos.
  Yeah, there's so many photos.
  There's the like there's the opening scene where there's like skeletons who can talk warning you not to go in there.
  I guess they're trustworthy skeletons, not like some of the others.
  What's their game?  There's like little root this black light rooms with here's bats and scale and bad skeletons stay away from the shoot those.
  It's a laser tag, by the way.
  Yeah, you have like it's a it's a buzz light year.
  Yes.
  That look like the original Nintendo Zapper guns.
  It is exactly like that.
  The cheapest little guns.
  I watched a ride through of it and I would say that the user like because the person filming has about point five percent accuracy and I am not blaming that person.
  I am blaming the tiny, tiny targets.
  I think it's three hits for the entire ride, which is a long ride.
  This ride looks great.
  It's a piece of American history.
  I value much more than the Alamo.
  I would love to get my my hands on it to start shooting skeletons again.
  There's a really great thing on the front of or inside the ride.
  They've just basically taped a sign reminding you to buy a photo at the end of the ride.
  It's just literally like it's literally taped.
  Yes.
  The front says don't don't forget view your right photo located at the exit elevators.
  It's got that hot metal that you were rattling around.
  It's going for it.
  Do you know about that dark ride?  The scary ride.
  I think it was also New Jersey that had a real dead body in it.
  Jesus.
  No, no.
  No, no.
  Yeah.
  One of the like, you know, like zombified.
  It wasn't just like a skeleton because I feel like once a body is a skeleton, it's just like a skeleton.
  But it was like some kind of like call it a body anymore.
  Yeah.
  It's like the baby toddler designate.
  It's the opposite of the baby toddler.
  It was like a skeleton of a dead guy.
  But like it was like more than that.
  And it was in this it was on that that old the old HBO autopsy show.
  Wow.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Where?  I think it was somewhere in New Jersey like in like Seaside or something.
  Jesus.
  And they were like where did this body come from?  And just there for a long time.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  Wow.
  Listeners, if you know if you've seen this episode of autopsy, let us know.
  Is this coming to Max?  We'll be able to see that on Max.
  Are they going to keep the question?  Are you going to keep the old autopsies on after you turn it into Max?  Wait, can I ask a question?  Where is Cinemax in all of this?  That's what I wanted to know.
  Cinemax is so weird, right?  They were just like, but we're Matt.
  Like and they just like shoved them aside.
  You don't count.
  They don't have to listen to you.
  Nice Max.
  Get yourself one.
  Did Cinemax become something else?  Did they become like is stars or epics?  The former Cinemax?  I don't know.
  I think Cinemax is still around though.
  Is it regular form?  I could be wrong.
  They just ceded the Max.
  I got to check that out.
  Are they part of the family of?  I think David Zaslov made them a part of it.
  Put a knife to their throats.
  Give up the Max.
  It used to be HBO got like the new release movies first that were out of theaters and  then they would move to Showtime or Cinemax.
  In current times, the HBO Max recently added lists like Miss Congeniality.
  Check it out.
  Wow.
  It was known for having the like soft core porn.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It says add Cinemax to your TV subscription now.
  It's still its own thing.
  I think it's still something.
  It says that there's also another thing that says some Cinemax content is on HBO Max.
  But apparently you can just order Cinemax.
  Huh?  Wait.
  They have worked out a deal then that makes it.
  Wait, it is.
  It's owned by HBO.
  It is part of our discovery.
  Mystery solved.
  How like insulting that no one was concerned.
  There'd be confusion.
  Everyone's just trying to lie low.
  They're not trying to ruffle any feathers.
  Just take Cinemax's name.
  No one's just going to do it.
  They won't care.
  Do ya?  Do ya?  What are you going to stand up for yourself Cinemax?  Cinemax?  No sir.
  What are you going to hit me with your soft core porn?  Some people, some people prefer that.
  You're going to scramble my face like you're a screen is scrambled.
  They don't admit they watch me, but they do.
  It's a formative part of everyone's upbringing.
  Yeah.
  It's nothing to be ashamed of.
  It's a good transition porn.
  Nothing too shocking and maybe a little story in there too.
  No horror.
  I wish we could buy pieces of Tomb Raider.
  Just some of it?  Maybe they piecemeal it.
  It's all or nothing.
  Well we don't know.
  It's all or nothing, but if you talk to the owner, maybe we talk to the owners, which  we know of their names because they're in these articles.
  And I have to look down at my phone.
  But I bet it's a buyer's market on all these rides.
  Tomb Raider is expensive though.
  But cheaper than a lot of them.
  Yeah.
  You can buy a Tilt The World.
  It's just a down payment on a house.
  You can buy a Tilt The World.
  You can actually live in it.
  That's what you do.
  You double up and we all do it.
  Yeah.
  Our families live together now in this tomb.
  There's a Kmart.
  A fake tomb.
  A fun tomb.
  We live in a parking lot not too far away and no one's really in there right now.
  So you mean the tomb raider in there?  Yeah.
  It's 250,000.
  Yeah.
  For Tomb Raider.
  And all it would entail is that our kids wake up every morning, see the shape of the shadowy  shape of a person and wonder if it is their mom and dad or the other mom and dads who  live there or scary skeletons.
  The worst thing is their keys are just the old laser guns and they can't get in the  house.
  30 minutes.
  I can't hit it.
  There's no way in.
  I have to pee.
  All right.
  All right.
  Wait.
  How about this?  Wait, there's a different dark ride where you can just buy the two passenger vehicles,  which were made by Sally Dark Ride.
  It looks like you're like in a barrel.
  Sally Dark Ride.
  Very famous company.
  We love Sally.
  Sally's like kind of the DI.
  They're like the indie cool ride makers.
  Not all corporate.
  They don't follow the rules.
  But this, we could buy just the vehicles and then we could take them over to the big dog  garage and we could convert them into real cars.
  Oh, yeah.
  Drive those around bourbon, go to the Bob's big boy and show them off.
  Mm hmm.
  So that would be good too.
  We're doing it for, but we have to get the permission of Jay Leno's garage to do this.
  Well, permission.
  We're paying them to actually make them into real working vehicles.
  Oh, we're paying for their mechanical services.
  And by that you mean Jay himself.
  Yeah, I can make that can get this employee there, I assume.
  Well, no, because there was his friend who pulled him out.
  I know all about that fire.
  Sat on him and put out the fire.
  I was admitting a story I knew very well about Jay Leno's burn to make a joke.
  But thank God there's other people who work there or it could have been much worse for old Jay.
  Yeah, Jay, what do you got that motorcycle accident and the burn within like three weeks of each other?  But no, now he's going to build us a real car.
  Now things are looking up for Jay because, wait, look, the show's been off the air.
  The guy needs a job.
  Yeah.
  Besides working, besides doing probably like 400 standup dates within 365 days a year.
  500 episodes of You Bet Your Life that he films within three weeks.
  If that if that same video voiceover guy said, come see Jay Leno stand up.
  He's on tonight.
  He would be correct on any night.
  Any night.
  Why is this 22 meter Ferris wheel only two hundred thousand dollars?  That seems suspicious.
  What year? What year is it?  Hmm.
  What year?  Let's see.
  It is a ninety nine ninety four model.
  Technical year.
  Good year.
 Good year for you.
  We need to become like car guys in that regard.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
 What year is your Ferris wheel?  Yeah.
  In eighty seven.
 Oh, beauty.
  What a beauty.
  Great year.
  Great year.
  You just got it.
  Ninety five was a bad year.
  Because this one is five hundred forty nine thousand.
  Well, this if we know it's a twenty eighteen.
  So it's right off the showroom floor.
  It's like buying a used car.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's it.
  It depends on if you want classics or the new sky diver is the one I was talking about  where they're attached.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  At the front and back.
  Oh, I see.
  Yeah.
  How much a skydiver going for?  You can get what's it going to take to get you into a skydiver tonight.
  I can go as low as eighty nine thousand.
  Oh, God.
  I mean, I look my wife wants me to bring.
  All right.
  Not a penny more than 90.
  No, it infeas.
  I'm watching.
  I'm looking over this contract.
  Well, look, we're going to we're going to get down to press.
  We're going to figure this out.
  We're going to somebody here is going to buy a ride and the sand.
  We will make sure that the slow the show slowly becomes very technical and lacking in comedy.
  Yeah.
  Just like Jay's transition from the show to Leno's garage course, which where there is  no room for jokes.
  That is not what he's there for.
  We are there for there for car information.
  Yes.
  Closing thoughts about Bo Craft.
  Fun to go back mentally.
  Yeah.
  The commercial.
  I had not heard that as many years.
  And it reminded you of helpful information.
  Reminded you of the value of saving gas for your entertainment purposes.
  Yeah, like local commercials.
  I feel like that's not a thing anymore.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I do miss it.
  Well, that's part of you know, it's not things not the way things used to be.
  Can we go back to our simpler time?  Yeah.
  Something that was around the corner needs to be advertised to me on TV.
  Well, I'm glad you could return to a simpler time with us.
  Chansey Winford, you survived podcast The Ride.
  Let's exit through the gift shop because I know you definitely have something to plug.
  You were part of one of the main creative minds behind this show, Jury Duty on Free V.
  I don't mean to make you just pitch the show, but it is a crazy like unprecedented reality  bending.
 I believe I said that's accurate, right?  Yes.
  And it doesn't quite feel pranky because there's no like gotchaism to.
  Yeah, so I stand by my earlier statements.
  Yes, and I stand by my prank refusal.
  What can you tell us about Jury?  Yes, so we this guy Ronald answered an ad, a Craigslist ad to be part of a documentary about the legal system on following a jury in a trial.
  We picked him and he showed up for this trial and got on the jury.
  And we kept him sequestered for 17 days without his phone, living in a hotel with four of the actors actually lived at the hotel with him.
  He's just he's surrounded day and night as an entire world of actors, trial and what he goes home to.
  Everyone he basically ever encountered in the 17 days was an actor.
  Yeah, it was incredible that we pulled this off.
  Just because any time you try to do something funny or even that is an opportunity to blow it.
  Yeah, yeah, right.
  And it's not like it's like reverse Borat where like instead of having one sky controlling everything with a bunch of people who don't know you have a bunch of people steering this and trying to work like having to trust everyone from top to bottom to every day not screw up.
  And we somehow didn't.
  An immersive environment you created.
  Yeah.
  Much like Walter Knot.
  Manicured worlds.
  Our anti-communist message comes through.
  Yeah, we built this like world around him and he became involved like emotionally invested in like these other people's like drama that we threw at him like forced him to be a part of.
  This is the craziest thing about it I feel is that like the pulling it off is one thing but then it becomes like a it functions as a sitcom also where you are into the characters.
  So many funny people in it.
  You are following their stories and sometimes you can like lose sight of the fact that like oh wait he's not right.
  They are fake and he is real and he doesn't know that they're fake like it like the stories work even regardless of that which is fascinating.
  Yeah.
  And also we had to create a court case a civil lawsuit that he would sit there and listen to and think about for hours a day and like like witnesses coming up and we'd like write you know bunch of dumb shit for this like expert witness.
  And like everything had to like line up like.
  Yeah, you couldn't like you're watching the viewer now on free V is watching the like greatest hits and the fun stuff that happened but you had to sell the reality and make a bunch of boring.
  Well, yeah, we would have we had witnesses that didn't make the show to fill more court time a witness would sit there for like an hour and a half or something doing like dry testimony that had like two jokes in it because that's what we're going to show and we didn't want it.
  To stand out you know it's like anytime they something like strange happens and and he might be like wait a minute you have to follow that with hours of nothing.
  That's the thing is like it's like well these people are kind of crazy and like James Marsden is here.
  Yes, that's true.
 Yes, the real actor as himself is serving jury.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 It's like is this some kind of like prank or something and then you just watch James Marsden sit there doing nothing for six hours and I guess it's probably not.
  He is not getting up to a story clearly yeah yeah every time around I'm not in the TV business but this does not seem like a TV show.
  It's so crazy and just and relevant to the listener one of the episode episode four I will direct me I mean watch all of them but I will direct people specifically to episode four which films at a hallowed location for you the Clifford's I'll say again.
  There is an entire sequence of the show filmed at Margaritaville in City Walk where you had to take over you got to you had the honor of having full run one of our favorite place yet do you want to know that I've been in like the kitchen and the bathroom.
  Yes, all the racks there any the whole episode we did filthy Jimmy would never allow that.
 No the kitchen seemed like normal kitchen then there's like if you know the layout I assume you do.
  Oh yeah sure.
  So you got the you got the bar you got the blender at the front you get the store behind the stage is this like another kitchen but like a sort of smaller and I have in there a lot but that soda machine didn't work so then on the other side at the top of like that ramp by the gift shop is a little like hidey hole that has a soda machine in it and like some other so I hung out I would just stay in there.
  And I had an ear wig in because I donned the blue.
  Oh my god yes wow and I was on the floor for the ultimate blue uniform in our society.
  Honestly, I may have been wearing these very same pants.
  My pants are perfect.
  I still have the black sketches I was given to be because I had to be consistent with the uniform of a Margaritaville employee because I was on the floor with an ear wig.
  Because the whole restaurant was extras the waiters were mostly real waiters but one the one who interacts with the group is an actress and so I had to if any extras were acting up or to give the actors any notes like if Ronald got up to the bathroom you know we pulled them away somewhere I would have to run up to them and be like do this or whatever.
  Oh he's got a chance to like give some notes.
  So you can see me a couple times.
  Wow yes I did see you in the yeah yeah you're in the cut.
  Yeah.
  Wear like hey and back to the BoKreff roots.
  Yeah I've worn a lot of fun colorful uniform.
  I read an interview also with Jake Simansky who directed the show great guy Funny or Die alum and he said that you Ronald the real person is aware that there's cameras for a lot of it but in this particular case you're the real person.
  Yeah there's a lot of it but in this particular incident he did not know like it was all hidden cameras that had to be built into the Margaritaville surroundings.
  Because the Margaritaville was just like they had the night off to hang out together so the cameras weren't going to be watching them but yes we built all these hides it's like bamboo hut with the with a mirror.
  Another just like mirrored column that was hollow with that guy was in and is that then wait a mirror that it can shoot through on the other end.
  Wow a lot of that if you ever are in a situation that you're not sure about and you see inexplicable mirrors all over the place you're probably on some sort of show you haven't been told about.
  Go to go to free V where I believe is this episode is coming out all the episodes are now posted crazy to watch what you guys pulled off but also that it's funny and fun to not just like social experiment and that's yeah it's fun characters.
  Yeah, everybody did a great job and you're a streaming service that literally has free in the name and you can see it anywhere which is a nice change of pace.
  Yeah apparently not Canada.
  Oh OK.
  Disappointed Canada.
  Well sorry.
  Well if there's any content.
  Anyone in America.
  A country that matters.
  We ignore we don't even want to hear the word we call our Canadian listeners.
  Amazon was like.
  You wish you got Clifford.
  Amazon was like this is going to be available worldwide and I was like uh uh.
  Not as filthy.
  As a John Birch Society member a lot of feelings about the go to free V and thank you for doing it in a place where the where the V is free.
  The view is boo.
  Yeah bring the next one to view boo boo please and thanks for being here as well.
  Thank you for having me.
  For us you can find us on the socials at podcast the ride merch is available on our T public store and for three bonus episodes every month check out podcast the ride the second gate or we'll get one of those.
  One more bonus episode on our VIP to your club three you'll find all of that at Patreon.
com slash podcast the ride and a couple dead body episode coming soon.
  Hugh Hefner tower.
  Tower.
  Coming soon and extremely dry just numbers and years of money crunching.
  Yeah for sure.
  There's a lot of new trade groups I hadn't heard of on that rise for you website so be excited to dig into them.
  I think we've got some work to do trade groups were coming for you.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett bomb Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcast please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
