 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may include arbitrary lightsabers, youth groups under siege,  lasers that spread the gospel, and the most obscure streaming platforms known to man.
  Plug in your headphones of righteousness as we talk religious superhero Bible man on Podcast  the Ride.
  The most solemn Good Friday to you on Podcast the Ride, a show about theme parks hosted by  three good boys who just want you to learn about a good book.
  I'm Scott Gardner, one of them, Mike Carlson.
  Hello.
  Michael Sollum Carlson.
  Hello.
  Yes, we were just, usually we want you to read the Sumner Redstone book, but today it's a  different book that we want you to read.
  There's plenty admirable about him, but I think, but you know, but all lessons in how  to live.
  Right.
  Operate your empire.
  Yes.
  And yeah, Jason Chert, ran out of that.
  That's that's okay.
  Well, hard wall.
  You were thinking about Sumner.
  I was getting choked up about that.
  We've lost him.
  He you know, he is a Christ like figure and you have a lot of reverence for him and it  makes sense.
  A prophet.
  Well, he's a guy he's he in many times in his life said he would never die, which feels  did he say, oh, kind of akin to I got to read this GD book.
  I'm not gonna say it because it's the episode.
  That's a bit of the wrong episode to say it.
  I'm glad you're starting to say yes.
  Good.
  No, he they opened a building on the Paramount lot named after him.
  They opened the Redstone building and he said, I don't know how I feel about this because  buildings are tributes to people who die and I will never die.
  Look I admire that Arrested Development narrator soon after he died.
  Oh man, I got to read this book.
  It's a good one.
  I'll lend it to you.
  But there's a more important book.
  It's the Bible.
  There's a more important book back here in our timeline.
  It's Palm Sunday as we record.
  So this is the sort of day where a Protestant pastor would say, let us rejoice.
  This is the day the Lord has made.
  Let us rejoice and be glad there in.
  Okay.
  Especially with this topic we have lots to be glad about.
  Oh, so much.
  Obviously.
  I mean, we can be extra glad that there was never an opponent of Bible man who weaponized  or electrified Palm Sunday poems to use against churchgoers.
  That would have been a terrifying ordeal for everyone.
  No, no.
  The villains when I were growing up was usually more like school board members embezzling.
  Teacher who needs to stop in the middle of class because someone needs to escort them  out as an affair with a student was discovered.
  Well, yeah, that happened at our school.
  That happened at a lot of schools.
  Yeah.
  Well, hold on to those thoughts.
  Maybe some similar notions coming up at some point as we deconstruct the figures involved  in Bible man.
  That's what we're talking about today.
  The series of religious videos or if you want to call it a show, I think it was a purpose  to be a show that aired in various forms on television.
  But the main headline, a religious superhero.
  And if you aren't tracking it, just to remind you, typically we think we've done this three  times now.
  There's been a Good Friday tradition heading into Easter weekend of covering religious  theme parks.
  There's an odd pile of those all mildly unpleasant and dispiriting.
  But we've plowed through and we've talked about them.
  We've reaped the garden of religious theme parks and tried to sow rewards for you, the  listener.
  But we're really running low on that, I would say.
  Yes.
  I was going to say that's true.
  We were running low on that.
  But I will say this, if you're if you're looking at this topic and you're thinking, oh, this  doesn't have anything to do with what the boys have covered before.
  Untrue because they did Bible man live.
  There was a live and touring spectator.
  This is absolutely this is the live show was a source of more traffic and attendance, I'd  say than a number of live presentations we've talked about before.
  Yes, absolutely.
  We've done, you know, we've covered Power Rangers and Ninja Turtles and Mortal Kombat.
  This very much resembles your 90s songs and stage show with this type of like little boy  IP.
  I shouldn't gender it, but you know what I'm saying?  Like action adventure IP.
  They would gender it.
  That's true.
  You're right.
  This is this entity, a very Christian entity would be the first to proudly gender it.
  They wouldn't remove females from the audience, but they might remove them from the first  few rows.
  Very good point.
  Yes.
  But I think a big remaining park is what's the one that they like?  Well, the Righteous Gemstones had a lot of theme park content in the most recent season  for their park.
  But the real was it Jim and Tammy Faye or was it another?  We did that.
  We did that.
  That's what we did last year.
  The park.
  Uh huh.
  But I swear we did.
  We did.
  We did.
  I feel like there was another one.
  I got to look this up now.
  I feel like there was another even shittier one that I'm forgetting.
  There's one in Connecticut seemingly and you start looking into it.
  One of the main headlines in the wiki was when like somebody was murdered there and  you're like, all right, skip, let's turn the car around.
  Maybe we don't need to learn about that.
  That's actually, that's a recurring theme with some malls that go downhill really fast.
  It's like body found in the parking lot or stabbing in the parking lot.
  Oh, there was a, there was a shooting in one of my favorite childhood malls last night.
  Yes.
  Fallbrook Mall.
  Yeah.
  In the valley.
  Uh, it was referred to as a narcotics based incident.
  Jesus.
  Kind.
  Uh, so yeah, I don't pay.
  They're becoming the, you know, the ones that aren't so lucky or odd.
  Places and these things happen.
  I believe this religious theme park in question was abandoned.
  I don't remember the rest.
  So that'll happen to an abandoned theme park.
  We'll do it.
  Do as taught us.
  Uh, there's, there's bound to be bad news going on there.
  So we'll get there, but this one has a live show and it's got characters and we can say  more fun than the abandoned place where somebody was killed.
  Yes.
  Um, yeah, we're going to, we're going to have a fun time here.
  And I think, and this is paying off, I think a lot of years of mentioning Bible man here  and there, I don't remember why, but I know it's come up and I feel like Mike was the  first to bring it up and I was delighted because I was vaguely aware of Bible man.
  Maybe just to do a little bit of archeology here.
  Do you remember why it came up before or your previous experience or awareness of Bible  man?  I have no memory of why it came up before.
  I know we were talking about Fibler and flabber.
  Yes.
  I think Fibler, uh, flabber, um, classifying what each clarifying what each one was.
  Yes.
  Fibler is the villain from a Bible man.
  And the other is, which I keep, did I say him right?  Flabber, flabber, which we've, we've teased an episode about that eventually too.
  Who looked like, who looked like Jaylen, who looked a lot like Jaylen.
  Um, I think my first Bible man, I think I was at, I want to say like Western university  in Illinois, my visiting some friends and it was like a Saturday afternoon in the middle  of nowhere and we were just cruising around and was what 2005 or something 2004 and we  were like, what is this?  And we got so excited because it was a religious superhero show.
  You found the tape somewhere.
  It was on TV.
  It was on, just on TV.
  I don't know what network, who knows what network it was.
  I think it aired on TBN on Trinity.
  It for sure aired places, but yeah, I don't know what network it was.
  This has happened a lot.
  I remember I would go to a college town where my, with like one of my friends or something.
  And this is where I found out that NASCAR was started by like bootleggers and learned  about the character, the real life man, popcorn Sutton, who was a big influential popcorn.
  So like, I feel like you would go there and on Saturday afternoon you would get networks  that you didn't get near the big city.
  So you would learn, you would learn about things and we were the right age at that point  to be very intrigued by Bible man.
  So we enjoyed.
  Absolutely.
  You see one image and you fall in love with it.
  Yeah.
  So like, I'm sorry, there's what now?  Yeah.
  What exists?  And it's like a bad, my memory is we saw like the bad, one of the bad, like fake lights  or like lightsaber fights, which is essentially they have.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So that was my, I believe that was the first time I ever heard about it.
  Yeah.
  I, you, you and your friends found that and I, me and my friends found a very similar,  on the same level, which is the home shopping, the sub home shopping network.
  It's not even of knife show.
  You're talking about, are we talking about Don West?  No, not Don West.
  There's just a reoccurring show on like the early cable numbers where it's like, and you  get, you get like 50 knives.
  Okay.
  You spend $50 and you get fit.
  That's dollar knife and you get all these knives.
  Yes.
  Knife.
  I've seen that.
  Don West's sports memorabilia show he used to do on, I forget, it was not home shopping.
  It was like four down the list of, he first did sports collectibles.
  They made fun of it on Saturday Night Live with that Mark Hamill sketch where they were  like selling Mark Hamill essentially.
  But then he, then Don West switched to Beanie Babies.
  So you had Don West, this is glory bear and we're selling it for $30.
  Are you sure?  Are you sure?  Princess Bear and Glory, you're getting both of them.
  And he was just shouting like he's doing a wrestling promo, which he went on to do wrestling  announcing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And we love this.
  We were obsessed with it and they're all on YouTube and they're so great.
  And rest in peace, Don West, like as of a couple, like a month or two ago.
  Yell himself to death?  No, I don't think so.
  I think the yelling was good for him.
  I think the yelling was power, was power.
  It wasn't, he didn't know he was going to die and he was auctioning off his own kidneys  and other body parts.
  I don't believe so.
  Everything must go.
  But he was insane.
  We saw him live.
  I'm not going to need a skeleton anymore.
  My soul's going to be out of this thing.
  He would do it like you would go up to him at a con and you could be like, Hey, Don, could  you like, like do your pitch for this?  And it would be like the Wolf of Wall Street thing where like, show me this pencil and  Don could just do it.
  Great.
  Don would just yell and convince you to buy it.
  You ever have the chance?  No, but we saw it happen.
  I saw it happen live in Schomburg at a convention like 2018.
  It was a mile away from where you were.
  You heard it faintly through the restaurant window.
  So yeah, all this like sleepy, like sometimes regional TV is just, it's the best.
  Sure, sure.
  I want to say, I don't remember where I found it, but it seems possible.
  I was, I found a lot of oddities at the 99 cent only store in high school.
  That became a delightful place for particularly.
  I just remember that they had, I mean, my fair thing was that they would, they just  have like a absolute bulk, like every, for a while, every 99 cent only store in Los Angeles  had at least 50, if not more copies of Hulk rules, Hulk Hogan's, Hulk semi rap.
  Maybe.
  Oh no, no, that's what was a DVD.
  Sorry.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  No, I believe it was, unless it was Hulkster.
  No, I think there was a DVD of Hulk still rules that I was thinking of.
  There was, they clearly, whatever deal was, this, this was kind of an ET landfill situation  where we got to move these things.
  Like we promised Hulk, like Larry, let me, you're going to make a million of these brother.
  I need to see them all lined up to know that you did it or else I put you in the ground.
  And then like he checked and they did.
  And then like, what do we do with these CD copies?  We have to move it.
  So I would go buy them like dozens of time, which I might've pared it down to one, but  there were times where I would like, I'm all right, I'm going to go buy 20 Hulk Hogan  albums for $20 for knife prices.
  So it's possible to me that Bible man was at the 99 cent only store.
  It seems especially likely that, so I remember a tape and then I remember that I found party  invitations.
  That was the, which might still be in my drawer at home, uh, uh, which I don't think I ever  made good on actually having a Bible man themed birthday party and using those as the invitations,  but I might still have them.
  But mainly, I mean, I know for a fact, it was the one you mentioned.
  It was the six lies of the fibler, which gives you a lot of information on the cover.
  You see the fibler who is this wild face paint caked on, although what you see on the cover  looks far better than what is in the episode itself.
  But kind of like, you know, nobody did a bad job on this costume.
  Did it like complete?  Look, you're assigned, you're given a small budget and you are assigned to make a superhero  costume, but it's still, it is very hokey.
  It is just hokey.
  That's what it is.
  And then a very important detail, um, starring Willie Ames of eight is enough and Charles  in charge.
  Of course.
  So, which hit me not because, Oh, I remember that guy, but because I've never heard of  this guy, I know those shows, but that he does not fall into any nostalgia lane that  I care about.
  It is no draw for me that Willie Ames is Bible man.
  It kind of came watching when he's like in his alter ego, when he's the regular guy who  is really klutzy.
  He's real like when, when Clark Kent is a doofus, he's doing that a lot.
  He falls down a lot in the big, big book.
  The first one drops boxes.
  Yeah.
  And so when he was dressed in a polo and khakis, I was like, okay, I kind of remember him as  Charles's friend.
  Okay.
  Was he a dorky friend or was he also cool?  Not as cool as Charles.
  Yeah.
  He is not as cool as Charles.
  And I think they were both always looking to get rich quick or score chicks like any  eighties guys.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  I think I was sort of heartthrob ish.
  Yes, I guess.
  I mean, he's always a little bit like doofy looking, but he did have that Leif Garrett  hair and he, he, look, his bod was in good shape according to photos from the movie Paradise  from 1982 with Phoebe Cates.
  This was some sort of like post blue lagoon, like sexy abandoned on a desert island kind  of to my eyes.
  He is no match for Phoebe Cates, one of the most attractive people in the history of earth  and time.
  Well, why do we have to compare?  So I don't line them up at some, someone at a studio thought these, these two were a match.
  So what else do we know about Willie Ames?  I guess, you know, I guess so sort of heartthrob.
  He had a, he had a band coincidentally called Paradise also.
  Oh wow.
  I missed this.
  Yeah.
  They performed on the Merv Griffin show.
  They were, they were trying to convince people that Willie Ames and Paradise was something  his real name, Willie Upton.
  And he changed it at the advice of an agent who said, if you put, if you make your name  something with two A's in it, you'll always be at the top of any credits.
  That's some old school Hollywood advice.
  That's like Hank Kingsley's agent advice, like a 90 year old man.
  Yeah.
  I got that thing for you.
  It's the school of thought that leads like Tobias Funke to put glitter in.
  Oh, the headshots.
  To casting agents.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  With this little, they'll remember.
  The different looks.
  Yeah.
  So, you know, something of a schemester with a name change like that, that doesn't, that  doesn't line up with the future righteous man we see later.
  Neither does his at one time, three gram a day cocaine habit.
  I think he, it was pretty extreme for this fellow.
  I think it was a rough for him.
  Yeah.
  And I think the career kind of went down the tubes.
  I think he experienced some, some real trouble in his life.
  And then I don't know what exactly brings him back to, brings him to this Bible man  role in the mid nineties, but it is presented to him and his own words.
  He said, I thought it was the worst idea I'd ever heard.
  So he was not on board, but I, but presumably somewhere in his travels, there must've been  a born again kind of situation where he was led to believe this could be more than just  a show.
  Right.
  It could be a ministry because that's something you might not know as you're looking at our  episode Arter.
  If you know that there is a religious superhero that there was, there's a whole operation  here in the live tour.
  Yeah.
  Certainly part of that.
  But he pairs up with Pamplin media.
  Yes.
  The entity that produced this is a guy, Robert Pamplin Jr.
 who was at one point, one of the  40 richest men in America or the world.
  I don't know.
  Uh, I was trying to find out, uh, is there anything expressly evil about this guy?  And I, I couldn't find it for a little bit until he, like, he basically owns a lot of  like a gravel kind of companies in Portland, which he made him so much money.
  He started buying up like a lot of media in Portland.
  And again, didn't find anything too evil until the last year where there was a big  article about how he's maybe going to ruin all his employees' pension funds by tying  his own real estate holdings into the pension funds, which might sink the whole thing for  people who've worked for him for many decades.
  Yeah, it's like, it's like the sly evil.
  It's like, uh, you know about the U line psychos?  No, what's wrong with you?  You line that they, they have those big phone books of like boxes and packing peanuts and  all this stuff.
  They are crazy.
  They are crazy Christian, like talking about traditional values and Trump and all that  psycho stuff.
  Okay.
  I was, you know, I really thought that somebody involved in Bible man, I will do a search  next to the word Trump and I'm going to find something really damning, but not so much  the case really.
  You're just fed straight into William's co-star, Scott Bayo.
  Right.
  One of the craziest Trumpers there is.
  Yeah.
  Um, but I, so I, at least everybody, I mean, we know that every single person on screen  in any of the videos we're going to talk about is an ardent supporter of Donald Trump.
  Of course, but they've done a good job of hiding any Google history that would lead  you to that.
  Yeah, it's, it's a lot more under the surface.
  Yeah.
  I sometimes with ones like this, I will just type in like the phrase in this case, like  Bible man scam, Bible man, money laundering, Bible man, prison, and nothing really came  up this time.
  Probably because it seems like on a certain level, these people like the Bible man shows  themselves, there's a little boring, pretty, there's some real boring stretches of a lot  of this.
  Some, some stretches where it's like Bible man is giving unsolicited notes to children  pageant performers to children's skit performers.
  Yeah, there's, there's a pretty, there's a boring stretch that you'll find that runs  from 1995 to 2010.
  So then returns later.
  Returns in an animated fashion.
  And it really makes you go like, this was made in 2016.
  Okay.
  I miss the, uh, the glory to the charisma of, of Willie Ames, who I've kind of found  myself slipping into a Willie Ames kind of.
  Oh, yeah.
  In the last few days as I've mainline Bible man.
  It's you know, you've got two.
  All right.
  So there's, there's Bible man, but like any good superhero, there is of course the alter  ego and then who he, he came from.
  And the origin story that you get some iteration of in every episode is he's a miles B Peterson,  a wealthy man who turns to God and the Bible in his most desperate hour.
  You hear in various intros, they say how it, for some reason it's screamed at you.
  There's a voice, a very Don West like a cool young Don West.
  Yeah.
  He had it all.
  He had fair and riches and so that I don't know.
  Like it's like, uh, that reminded me of the start of the song blue.
  There's a story of, I don't know.
  I guess he's not gonna get that.
  You up.
  It's a hype song.
  What was the Eiffel character we discovered again?  Yeah, that's right.
  There were, there was original IP and blue.
  Yeah.
  And I forget the name.
  Oh man, this is embarrassing.
  You can keep all of it up and you guys.
  Okay, great.
  Um, but uh, from, from then on, so he, he discovers God in the Bible or really it's,  it's a very intense sequence where this guy is like wandering through a forest in the  rain.
  He's got a, like, he's got a hat like Bruce Wayne would have had in the theater.
  You got to have these like he's dressed like the forties, even if it isn't the forties.
  But this tells you that he's wealthy, that he's got a businessman's hat.
  And then he'd like, we don't really know the torment, but he's just screaming to no one  and nothing and then just falls into soil where thank God at that exact point in the  forest, this unmarked for he just kind of like starts digging through dirt and finds  a Bible, a Bible that I saw referred to in some places as a radioactive Bible.
  Oh really?  I didn't see that.
  I only saw that I didn't pick up on that myself.
  I guess they made, if it was glowing and green, it was either too subtle or I had stopped  paying attention during that watch down.
  I have to give them credit.
  You know, I feel like Mike and I have complained about like so much superhero TV or movies.
  They have to, they feel obligated to the origin story first.
  Bible man just kind of the first one gets into it and I feel like rolls out the origin  later, you know, and rolls out a supporting cast, rolls out their equivalent of the Batman  family later on, you know?  Sure, sure.
  Yeah.
  You don't need to 10 episodes to get to the point where Miles Peterson puts on the costume.
  We're right in it.
  Let's get it going.
  We've seen these tropes before.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You know what?  I do appreciate that.
  I think it's also important that they just cut to the chase because when you talk about  an origin story is meant to show you how these and I want to see how heroes unusual powers  were attained.
  But now I pose to you both, please describe Bible man's powers.
  Oh, well, I have a clip and a list here.
  You want me to play this clip?  Sure.
  Let me try to pull it up.
  I don't know which episode this one.
  This is standalone on YouTube and this is sort of Bible man armoring up.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  With his sometimes assistant, Cypher.
  He's like guy in the chair, as they say in the Spider-Man, the recent Spider-Man movies,  the guy in the computer.
  Now this is what I call dressing for success.
  We got a breath play to righteousness.
  Breath play to righteousness.
  Wow.
  Shoes of peace.
  Shoes of peace.
  Starting to lose it.
  Shield of faith.
  OK, let's go back.
  We're back.
  Helmet of salvation.
  Helmet of salvation.
  OK, kind of unrelated concepts.
  Full armor sequence complete.
  And the sword of the spirit.
  Cypher, do I look OK to you?  Yeah, you look like a superhero, which is what you are.
  Why?  Oh, no reason.
  No reason.
  What?  That's and that's you know, they're talking to you, Ness.
  That's the Bible cave computer.
  Yeah, of course.
  We know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Wait, Eunice stands for I'll get to it later.
  The focus on working intelligence computing entity.
  Great, great.
  You know, that's one of those acronyms where it's a it's clunky, but then it all comes  together to form a name that is not a name anyone has.
  Eunice.
  It's all worth it in the end to get to.
  Well, I think you got some Eunice's, you know, one hundred and fifty years ago.
  But that's that's with an E.
  You got an extra E at the beginning.
  I don't think you got no Eunice with a U out in the world.
  I'm so Eunice.
  If you're listening with a U, I apologize.
  I don't apologize to any Eunice's with an E out there.
  Eunice.
  Yeah, I think it is a thing of like this year in this year, the Dust Bowl, the name Eunice.
  Like that's you know, that's an old fashioned name.
  That was in Disney Adventures.
  What's hot and not.
  That was in Disney Adventures where it was still mostly about Oswald and like Flip the Frog or whatever.
  The pre that sort of era.
  It was the cover where Clarabel Kao poses with FDR.
  So, OK, now I'm glad you played that.
  I like that sequence.
  That it does not, however, answer the question, because those are items that he had.
  There is some magic, certainly, in the way that it all just kind of appears in rays on his body.
  I'll give him that.
  But really now we're still in the territory of I mean, there's a precedent of Batman, not really a powers god.
  Batman is kind of an owner of cool stuff.
  Yes.
  Mike, do you can you answer the question?  What are Bible man's powers?  Well, I know what I've seen him do, which is recite Bible verses.
  You got it.
 Yeah.
  His power is knowledge of the Bible.
  He's very good at the Bible.
  A power that anybody could have if they wanted it, if their hearts were open to it.
  He's a swordsman to of some kind, but I don't know that he's actually getting any powers from any of the things that Jason listen to.
  Yeah, he.
  First of all, I should say, well, I'll post that clip online because there is a very grotesque wireframe graphic that like they're showing the like armor going on,  like a 3D figure, but it's like a weird bulbous.
  There are a lot of deadly games era CGI graphics on this show, too.
  That's accurate.
 Yeah.
  It's pretty transparent.
  I think what happened if you go to 1995, it's like, OK, they went.
  We need an evangelical power rangers.
  There's all these power.
  There's power rangers.
  There's all the knockoffs.
  There's the bootlegs of the super sentai stuff.
  But so they said, yes, the man whose power is he knows the Bible back to front.
  He knows it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Once in a while, he's Eunice will remind him.
  Yeah, this that.
 Yeah.
 Let's be clear about that, too.
  His power is knowing the Bible hit the supercomputer's power is knowing the Bible also.
  Yes.
 With a little bit with like maybe he knows that ninety nine point seven percent of the time she fills in that.
  Right.
 She's got that computerized full one hundred to bring to the table.
  It's sort of weird when the MacGuffin of like this is the thing that gave you, you know, this is the radioactive spider.
  This is the, you know, oh, they they became adolescents.
  They're mutants.
 They have powers.
  You know, it's weird when the MacGuffin that they draw their powers from is the word like the good book.
  Honestly, here's what I'll say.
  It all makes sense.
 This part makes sense to me.
  Yeah, it's simple.
  And you're like, yeah, it does.
  It's Bible man is a good concept.
  Honestly, you can quote Mike Carlson on that.
  I'm not saying it pulled pulled off well.
  Well, they they they got the like transformation.
  They got the morphing sequence.
 Right.
  They got they got this.
  I think a big stumbling block for the evangelical media or voting block, whatever you want to call it,  tends to be like, OK, you when they're teaching these children's lessons,  they're forgetting to be entertaining and normal.
  Like they're normal.
  They're only hanging out with each other in youth groups in church.
  And begrudgingly, they show school or they mention school occasionally.
  But it's like, I don't know, why don't they go to a movie or go to a ballgate or like do something?  That's not just this.
  You mean like a religious ballgame?  Where scripture is quoted before the bat is swung?  I mean, we did have occasionally have like sack races or a picnic on a.
  You wait, wait, wait, wait.
 You had a sack race in church.
  Well, there was like family fun days occasionally.
  OK, but would you participate in sack races?  Yeah, yeah.
 Do sack races or like horseshoes or something like there is a barbecue.
  I think I've had a sack race at a church.
  I think I was OK at sack races.
  We never went to church, but I think my grandmother once in a while would take us to her church.
  And I do think I participated in a sack race.
  Wow.
 Is that a themed?  Is that something we could talk about on the show?  Sack races, sack races.
  Do sacks count as ride vehicles?  Yes.
 I think family fun day.
  I think a lot of the in the in the San Fernando Valley, at least a lot of the parishes  that have like schools attached to fundraising carnivals this time of year in the spring.
  All right.
 Well, maybe we'll find your local.
  Maybe learn a little bit while you're there, too.
  Yeah, and have a sack race.
  Getting a sack race.
  But a solemn sack race.
  Yeah, yeah, I don't get too joyous.
  You got to reflect after you see a sack race.
  Think about that there would be no sack if it weren't for the sacrifices of our Lord Jesus Christ.
  Wow, that is smooth.
  See, I got I got Willie on the brain.
  He really wormed in there, which I get.
  So this is the other the other big thing about bio which you've alluded to.
  The power is awareness of the Bible, but also swords.
  Also swords are involved and specifically lightsabers.
  It is lightsabers.
  I remember this being a real shock in the first one I ever saw, the six lies of the fibbler where like,  OK, I guess I can see a lightsaber show despite I might argue that this is not an up for grabs weapon  and that this is associated with one particular franchise and can't just be borrowed.
  But OK, I know I like some fun thievery too.
  But then kind of a gloppy faced poor man's poor man, Caesar Romero Joker pulls out a lightsaber.
  Is a funny and the then the lightsaber fights always happen like in front of a church or in a gymnasium.
  In front of in front of a school with a gymnasium in it.
  Yeah, yeah, possibly.
  Yeah, if they got a football field, that's a fine place for it might happen in a warehouse  that when you look close at the ground is a repurposed school gymnasium.
  Maybe they try to not light those clearly basketball court lines on the ground.
  Right.
  Maybe you won't notice there was one that happened in just kind of like a  mid sized elementary school principal's office like.
  Wow.
  Yeah, it wasn't.
  I mean, there was room for a lightsaber fight, but I was worried at all times  that a big printer was going to get pushed over.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, those were very expensive back then.
  Only a couple in the school, you know.
  Oh, yeah.
  So one goes down and then you got to shut down operations.
  You're going to pull the mimeograph out of storage.
  If the photocopier goes down, you're going to be had to make those purple.
  Those purple worksheets.
  Why are these purple today?  Don't ask.
  None of your concern, kid.
  But so it is Bible scripture and swords.
  And you might be asking how does this work together?  And they're kind of these premises are kind of laid on top of each other.
  Like I don't have anything memorized specifically, but it'll be kind of like  they they do fight, shoo, shoo, and then they get in kind of like they lock up.
  And and then he Bible man will say, like Psalms three says that there is great  power in the Lord and once accepted into your heart, you can do all things.
  And what I'm going to do is send you back where you came from.
  And that's about the energy register that it'll stay at.
  It's all very odd passages where mostly about the power of the Lord.
  Sure.
  Very few metaphor or like, and hey, kids, this turn the Lord said, turn the other cheek.
  And that's how you could deal with the bully at your.
  They're not they're not making the leap.
  They're not going the extra mile.
  They're not using metaphors seemingly because, well, as everyone knows,  you occasionally go to school, but mostly for youth group events or church.
  It's mostly going to be church.
  A lot of this could be church.
  We're not really acknowledging like restaurants or community centers or like.
  Well, now I think you're you're correct about this, Jason.
  But there's there's there's one aspect of it that is maybe agenda  and that's bringing things to church.
  But there's another aspect that is maybe if they go to a restaurant  or a baseball game, that is a new location.
  Oh, yeah, that's a big part of it.
  That's a big part of it.
  Often the small scope of the Bible man universe might be dependent on  number of days of writing and lack of company moves.
  And and let me also throw out the idea because you are correct.
  Sometimes they're not the lessons maybe don't apply to a very specific  passage from the Bible, but maybe they don't know how to write television  in an entertaining way or know what would keep a kid's attention for two seconds.
  So that also is something that's going to prevent prevent what you're talking about.
  What would a child like to see besides the sword fights?  Well, probably a successful performance of a youth group.
  Maybe they could put on poodle skirts and nod to the 1950s.
  That's an era that could get anyone hopping.
  That is also very funny that the imagined happy days version of the 50s are immediately like,  all right, poodle skirts and mall shop.
  That's wholesome.
  That's wholesome.
  That's good.
  Yeah, the none of it.
  There was no 50s.
  Youth culture was not all like under the surface was everybody's fucking.
  Everybody's fucking for the first time and rock and roll is fueling the fucking.
  Everyone's in cars like fondling each other or they're dying in the muddy Korean  war battlefields like there's none of that.
  There's none of that.
  There's no seriously reflected in the silly songs of the time.
  Yeah, rock around the clock has no reference to the Korean War.
  No.
  So yeah, a lot of like slow.
  Oh, wait, wait.
  Actually, exactly what you were saying, the lack of metaphor and like kind of, you know,  thinking a little creative step beyond that clip that you played of all of the suit up.
  I at least was like, these things are a little like, are they trying to be funny with shoes  of peace and breastplate of righteousness?  Then I found out that is all from the Bible.
  Not all of it.
  I think they might've made up shoes of peace, but breastplate of righteousness,  I'm pretty confident is to literally.
  I don't know the passage, but I really rolled my eyes and I realized, oh man,  they didn't even make this up.
  And there's something that they I don't think they felt very much permission to like  cut loose and take liberties where they're like, we know we want to sort.
  We have just let us have a sword.
  There's going to do something in this.
  And how do we justify it?  Well, the Bible refers to the sword of the spirit, which like, okay, so even that is a  is a literal Bible quote.
  We cannot just have the fun of their swords in it.
  Oh, it looks like yet having our feet fitted with the shoes of the gospel of peace.
  This is part of the armor of God.
  So I think, yeah, I think shoes of peace are real.
  Armor of God is a big, they kind of hide in that.
  And I even, I found articles that are like, we're going to go visit the bioman live tour  and they're going to end and the reporters say, but isn't it contradictory that you're  doing this religious message, but then it's also a violent show.
  Yeah.
  And the bioman actors will say, well, the Bible was violent as well.
  And it refers to the armor.
  So as long as the arm, like they're really concerned with having everything,  having a biblical justification.
  So they're very much tied to the lore.
  They're taught, you know, they really respect the original source material.
  It's not like this Marvel universe cinematic universe where they're  changing stuff around from how we read it in the comics.
  It is devoted to the Bible.
  They're not going to stray for any reason.
  You're finding another point in its favor.
  I think you just found thing number two that you like about Bible.
  Number two sticks to the source.
  Good concept sticks to the source.
  Yes.
  You, this is all reminding me of, as I say, like, why didn't they talk about real life?  It's like, oh, because they're insular and shelter.
  Like I was thinking, did you watch the HBO series?  The long way.
  What is it called?  The way down.
  Val Gwynne Shamblin.
  She was that kooky preacher.
  Like with the giant hair, like that whole thing.
  It's like, there is a town in the south and most of the people who live in this town  are in this church and their businesses, they don't go outside.
  The church congregation for the business owners.
  So the house painter, the construction people, the grocery, like that's why.
  And people, people in the rest of America see stuff like this and go like, oh, yeah,  you're a weirdo.
  Like this is weird.
  I go to church too, but I don't go to your church.
  Like I don't go to this weirdo church, you know?  Well, I guess, and you can sense that, I mean, this era that Bible man comes from is clearly  they're gearing up a fight in terms of there's the internet now and the internet is a  lifeline to outside of the little insular community and kids could find, you know,  other entertainment or songs that say crap or something.
  So we need to start like really, you could tell that the 90s are a big time for building  up a lot of Christian media because if we can build a wall of our own stuff and we need to  get up the Bible man going so they don't start straying to, well, at that time, I don't know,  Batman and Batman forever.
  Batman forever.
  It's sinful, you know, with it like lighting the lust of young boys like Mike Carlson.
  Chace Meridian removes her coat.
  You see her bare arms.
  And Chace Meridian proved that, you know, at least in crazy liberal Gotham City that a female  can have a job.
  That's very true.
  She doesn't focus full time on looking pretty.
  She also has a smart person job.
  She has an advanced degree.
  And she's outwardly horny too, which they don't like as well.
  She's outwardly horny, the most aggressive sexual character in the movie.
  And she's also a past 18 and is not focusing on her children.
  She doesn't have seven kids.
  That's right.
  She wasn't married.
  She's 28 years old and doesn't have seven kids.
  She's not married and you're going like, wait, so if they met when the husband was this  and she was so she's this age and you're just doing it.
  It's in God's eyes.
  It's all fine.
  There's no math to be done.
  Chace Meridian maybe is not celebrated as the ultimate feminist icon as much as she  should and could be.
  Well, right.
  And we will in my Batman forever to script.
  We will celebrate her.
  That will happen.
  And you, well, not you personally, but a carrot.
  Carl Michaelson will.
  Well, I look, the script is not finished yet, so I could end up changing the character's  name to my name and marry me to chase.
  You're worried that the notion of a character called Carl Michaelson, who's a stand in for  you might, it might go over some audience members heads.
  Yeah.
  I want to make sure they know that it's me.
  All right, let's flip it back around.
  I'm not saying it's going to happen, but it's still a thing that could come to you in the,  in the writing process.
  The script isn't done yet.
  So if I, I mean, you know, we can go any direction we want with this, but I'd like to talk a  little about the, the six lies of the fibler.
  Yeah.
  The one that, that I, the only one that I knew for, you know, a number of years and,  you know, Mike's brought it up.
  This, this is mainly about, as you alluded to Jason, the disruption of a youth group  performance.
  There's a girl who is tasked with certain mundane pieces of putting together a show,  which has almost as many audience members as participants in the group will be performing.
  And she fails to, I don't know, like bring the music or something, but it's not her or  her head is getting invaded by the sinful thoughts of the, of the fibler.
  Yeah.
  Who tells at least six lies, according to the title.
  I don't, I never watched it counting to know if six was accurate.
  Yeah.
  But you know, he like kind of blows smoke, green smoke into her brain, which causes hurdle.
  And then she kind of goes into a like poison ivy and bad man and Robin.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yes.
  But none of, but it doesn't inspire full sexual desire.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just lies.
  Right.
  And the girl herself seems confused.
  I don't know.
  I didn't, I didn't have time.
  Like she herself is baffled by the lies that are coming out of her own mouth.
  And you feel for her.
  I actually think it's a good performance, young girl.
  And I don't know what, I guess maybe the big thing to ask about all this is what,  what do we think of the fibler really?  We're finally there.
  We've referred to him and looked at pictures of him and listener, you should please look  up Bible man fibler so you can get eyes on him.
  Do we like the fibler?  Does he remind you of the Batman villains that he's supposed to remind?  I mean, he's a, he's definitely a nasty little, little creep.
  He, he reminds me a lot of there was, there was a guy who addresses a Joker on Hollywood  Boulevard, but I think he lived in like East Hollywood.
  So I think he would walk to Hollywood Boulevard because every now and then outside of the  old UCB building, I just see a guy in full Joaquin Phoenix Joker outfit walk like a block  away.
  And I'm like, I don't like this.
  I don't, you don't want to see the Joker in daily life.
  And this wasn't just a contestant in one of your tournament of nerds.
  No, no, this is broad daylight.
  Like you see a Joker in broad daylight, welcome by the bus stop in the McDonald's.
  You're like, Oh God, what's this guy's, what is this?  Like, yeah, that's a pretty, that's as big of a red flag as they come.
  Yeah.
  You got a Joker walking around.
  But then at least like, I think I saw him in a different, like that part of Hollywood  first.
  And then I was at Hollywood Boulevard.
  I'm like, Oh, there he is.
  He's taking pictures.
  Okay.
  He's a Hollywood Boulevard type.
  So now you can trust him.
  Yeah, that was good.
  Or any of the Hollywood Boulevard guys.
  Yeah.
  He's like the, like the nasty Jack Sparrow.
  He's like the dirty Jack Sparrow you see eating at the Cabo Wabo canteen.
  Yeah.
  Fibler, he really, he there, he's so nineties in like his, the picture of him, like this  like promo image of him.
  I don't know if that's what you would call it.
  Like, do you see what I'm saying there?  It's so like, it is like, it reminds me a little bit of like  Drop Dead Fred.
  Sure.
  Or, meet the Deedles, I guess the hair.
  Yes.
  Although that's a big misconception about meet the Deedles.
  Oh, right.
  Don't have hair in the movie.
  That's great.
  If I said this on the show before.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That people, is that the movie with the guys at the surf air?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  No, not the, not the point.
  I don't, he's not my favorite Biowall Man villain.
  I'll say that.
  Really?  Oh, interesting.
  But I, yeah, I can enjoy him.
  And honestly, even though the, even though the show is unwatchable, it's awful.
  Yes.
  But I can, I, it's fun to watch it in some way.
  There is something to be enjoyed by zooming through it on YouTube.
  I still, in finding new ones that I hadn't seen before, I still kind of preferred Fibbler  ultimately, because you've got bad songs that break it up.
  But at least bad songs is better than like dreadful scenes in the,  the headquarters.
  Right.
  Where they're making meta jokes.
  And like, I'd rather this not have meta jokes.
  Yes, I agree.
  You see, I watched some live videos that are full of meta jokes.
  That bomb at each.
  Oh yeah.
  Does not help the, you know, there's one for the parents to not laugh at either.
  That's pretty rough.
  Like that feels like a, you would think a pretty warm crowd, a pretty like safe crowd.
  Like, oh, they're going to laugh about the joke about the Philistines or whatever.
  But potentially also a humorless crowd.
  Humorless.
  Yeah.
  And weird.
  Like, like not used to seeing live normal entertainment.
  They're used to more like sermon type mega church.
  Is that what you're saying?  That's good.
  And now they're seeing this high octane superhero show.
  Laser filled.
  Yeah.
  And they're like, oh, what?  With rock adjacent music.
  What the hell is this?  And not the later mega church with like that the Righteous Gemstones poke fun at where  it's like there is a production value.
  There's a Starbucks in the lobby.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you'd be lucky to get the value of that.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Some of that's more produced than theme park stuff.
  But yes.
  I, yeah, the, I mean, I like kind of the hokeyness of Fibbler and I, it, you know,  you're, I guess I like this version of the show better than when it is kind of a cheapo  sci fi, you know, like a 10 times lower budget space cases.
  The Fibbler one feels like a super it's grazed with superhero genre,  but otherwise a five times lower budget Degrassi, Jr.
 High.
  It's, it's more akin to a kind of slow, I'll say Canadian.
  I know it was not filmed in Canada, but it has that fit, has that feel.
  Um, and you, I like that.
  Well, another thing to say is that, so this is the only one I knew for a long time.
  Yeah.
  And I thought, okay, so there's that one where that's about the disruption of a  youth group performance.
  Then I've been doing research over the last week and I realized every one of them is about  the disruption of a youth group performance.
  That's what all of them are.
  I, because I feel like a lot of like, let's say after school specials, it was like, here's  what to do at school.
  If someone's stealing from your locker, here's what's to do.
  If there's a bully, here's what's to do.
  If someone offers you drugs or says like, get in my, my, I was terrified growing up  that I would be presented with conundrums of like, Hey, it's me.
  Your neighbor, your mom was in a car accident.
  She said to pick you up.
  I drilled this all the time.
  Drilled this so much.
  We had a secret word in case my mom had to send someone that I didn't know.
  Oh, right.
  I think this happened.
  Word.
  You say the word now.
  Green popcorn.
  Really?  That was the code word in case someone was sent to pick us up, but we didn't recognize them.
  Do you feel like you exposed something?  I did feel a little weird saying it, I'll be honest, but I scanned my brain and went,  there's really no scenario where I'm going to need that word.
  Now somebody listening to the show could pull up.
  What'll be your mom said?  I could pick you.
  Your mom said I should pick you up.
  I want to take you.
  I'm going to take you to her.
  Yeah.
  She was, oh, and by the way, green popcorn.
  That is going to really, that's like mission impossible.
  What's the one where he like, it's like a, that's the code word.
  That's cause somebody's going to say that to me out in the wild.
  And I'm going to forget.
  I said it here and I'm just going to go with them.
  You got to remember.
  Yeah.
  I'm just going to get in someone's van.
  It's a Manchurian candidate activation phrase.
  Right.
  And now that people are going to be activating me constantly,  that's what's going to be happening.
  And either if I'm there, I will try to say, wait, Mike, remember I was there.
  You said green popcorn or I'll let it happen because maybe you deserve it.
  Cause you're, you're dumb.
  Maybe.
  Forgetting.
  And I just kind of want to see how this plays out.
  I shouldn't let you go somewhere bad because the weaponized by the word green popcorn,  but it depends who it is.
  We'll see.
  We'll see if, if a fiddler like entity blows green smoke into my ears,  then, then I'll let you take off onto the, into the green popcorn car.
  All right.
  That's fair.
  Um, this is if I have my shoes of peace on, that'll be fine.
  Whatever happens.
  Breastplate of righteousness might help the most.
  Yeah.
  Cause it's harder to put that on.
  I put my shoes of peace on every day.
  The breastplate is something you have to really just fix and it looks odd if you're wearing it.
  You don't want to always go out on a breastplate of righteousness, but shoes of peace,  you can wear those all the time.
  Yeah.
  True.
  But you know, it's good.
  You should put on your, it's like sunscreen.
  It's like, I should really put on my breastplate of righteousness every day, but I like,  Oh, you forget.
  And I know the door is pain in the ass.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh God.
  Yeah.
  Um, what were you getting, what were you getting about it?  Like afterschool special morals?  Oh, I I'm saying like there, there was, um, kind of a more, uh, direct like,  Hey, here's a problem you might encounter.
  That's very common in, in Adelaide since, you know, school life or daily life.
  Uh, for this, it's mostly about like, okay, this is church related.
  And I understand that evangelicals like make their shit a lot more centered on the church,  you know, but it's like, okay, well, those kids are going to encounter this stuff,  even at youth group.
  Like there were assholes at youth group or like whatever, you know,  but if they, if there are assholes, it's because of villain, uh, gave them smoke or  one case and you like a, uh, an early digital, uh, laser that's like spun around their head  and made them doubt things themselves.
  There are some of the problems these kids encounter are like, well, isn't that just  part of growing up like lying or doubt or pridefulness?  Ooh, they're really, they do not want your children to be prideful.
  Yeah, do not.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  How do you, uh, um, only the, only the hideous, but was there, is it, who's the, uh,  is it like the pied piper of, of pride?  Oh yeah.
  Of pridefulness.
  I have the sense.
  I don't remember who the pride villain is.
  At some point, maybe I don't want to jump ahead to the cartoon too much, but the,  the Sultan of success, which, uh, so most of the other villains are, uh, weird, uh,  just like a cheap makeup or just a kooky wig or something.
  Mm-hmm.
  Uh, the Sultan of success is like, okay, it's a, it's a foreign guy.
  It's like, uh, well, you might have keyed into, look, I'm going to avoid saying a  lot of specifics, but if you find yourself looking at a number of Bible man villains,  you might start occurring to you that the villains have traits resembling, let's just  say non-Christians.
  Non-Christians.
  This is a, maybe something.
  That's gotta be a mistake.
  It has to surely be.
  They're just trying to portray, uh, you know, characters with strange features.
  Sure.
  Or.
  Fibbler gets away clean cause he's just kind of a generic cool, but when you get to the  gossip queen, which was the one I saw flagged pretty quickly.
  Yeah.
  Well, or the, or the character, they end up on the, uh, on a talk show of a, of a  character called Sammy Davey.
  That's that's in the gossip.
  Right.
  Right.
  Episode.
  And he's, he's not a villain, but he's portrayed as a, you know, a roadblock, a  problem for Bible man.
  And there's kind of only one quality you can ascribe to this character from what you  see of him.
  And that quality is Jewish.
  There is something a little bit dicey about some of the, you also, you meet the evil  equivalent of Eunice the supercomputer.
  Right.
  That character's name is Lucy and Lucy is exactly like Eunice, except the voice  sounds Jewish.
  Hmm.
  I'm reporting facts here.
  I don't like the fact.
  Let me please illustrate how much I don't like the facts, but it's kind of impossible  not to notice about Bible man.
  If you jump ahead to, I believe this was either Bible man, Genesis or Bible man power  source, the stupid subtitles they give it eventually the same as the Terminator  movie.
  I think they use both.
  That is true.
  Terminator powers.
  This one actually, the, the, the stupid renaming of the exact same thing that is similar to  the armoring up that that is a trade of power Rangers, VR trooper, that kind of thing.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  But in the episode in the presence of enemies, when you see a bunch of the villains  together, it's like, Ooh, kind of, kind of weird how they all have weird noses.
  That's interesting.
  That's, you know, and they're all just annoying in different way.
  They're all just annoying character.
  Like they're mostly, they're like, we have to stop Bible man.
  Let's upload a fake Bible.
  Like it's like that's, that's their trick.
  And that is a reasonable tactic when all Bible man mostly does besides the  occasional sword fight is he just stops whatever he do he's doing and kneels down and starts  praying.
  Like that is the solution to a lot of these problems.
  There it is.
  Like real life.
  Geez.
  Come on.
  And what are you talking about?  There's nothing you can't solve.
  Even if you're in the heat of battle, brief moments of prayer based clarity.
  There's a lot of, there's a lot of just like that.
  We find out the stakes of the episode and then like,  well, I'm going to pray for her.
  But in the meantime, I'm going to test some samples at the Bible cave.
  It is the Bible cave.
  The Bible cave.
  It's the we're dealing with the Bible cave in this.
  I thought I got that wrong early.
  I was like, there's no way they call that.
  Yeah, they absolutely do.
  Two first thought.
  No, it's the Bible cave.
  The Bible cave kind of looks like an extra big living room, but with some rock and more  stained glass.
  And sometimes you'll see tableaus of like, you know, it is like microscopes and like  zappy orbs, like science stuff.
  Yeah.
  And then mainly a Bible.
  Yeah.
  Beakers with like a thing of dried ice, trapped in water.
  So it smokes a little, you know, science science is all about.
  But also kids don't read too much science.
  So don't look too much into that.
  Science is for visuals, mainly.
  Science is if you have a lab type, say if you want to have a neat room in your house,  get some test tubes going.
  Did we say that his house though is the Eagle Gate Manor?  I didn't know.
  I didn't get that part.
  Okay.
  I just want to make sure you know, Eagle Gate Manor and then the Bible cave under it.
  So it's same deal.
  It's exactly the same like where it's it's millionaire.
  He didn't turn his back on being the millionaire, but he developed this other persona in order  to help with youth group problems.
  Yes.
  This is one of my favorite things.
  And I've recently there's a comic that I was recently rereading that's I shouldn't even say  because it's a sexy comic I read when I was little or when I was little.
  It's called Danger Girl.
  You read it when you were little?  Well, young, you know, teen, preteen, teenage.
  And it was about like, it was basically.
  You deserve to get green popcorn.
  Well, I know I do deserve it.
  And it is look, it's it's we've talked about this artist who's a really great artist  named J.
 Scott Campbell, and he draws like now he's like you can buy like sexy Disney.
  He'll do he does like really sexy princesses not for Disney and then normal sexy princesses  for Disney.
  Yeah, you can find them at the Wonder Ground.
  You can get like officially licensed prints and stuff.
  And I don't even know if he's drawing comics anymore because he probably makes so much  money doing this.
  He had a he had a comic that was called Danger Girl and it was like an action adventure thing.
  And it was full of sexy ladies.
  But when you when I'm reading this, I'm just like this is absolutely one to one Indiana  Jones.
  There is no there is no other than the fact that like he is a great artist and even people  will say I'm just talking about it because the ladies would like be in a hot tub or something.
  But he is a legit great artist, I think.
  But I'm just like this is there's no they didn't even take a second thought of like  maybe we can go A to C on this, not just A to A.
  And this is what I love about Bible, man.
  No thought Batcave.
  Great.
  He's rich.
  Great mansion.
  Same thing.
  Fibbler Joker.
  Fine.
  Do not think about this too hard.
  It's when anytime I see that now, I'm kind of delighted by just like doesn't even matter.
  We're not going to hide that we ripped this off completely.
  I salute you.
  Just keep it lazy.
  Why not?  You know, they should I'm mad about that.
  They should keep the pale imitations of the Indiana Jones franchise to the Indiana Jones  franchise itself.
  Let them do it.
  They have earned it.
  Look, they can't they they're not going to directly adapt Cheesecake India.
  The comic is like Cheesecake Arts.
  It's like Betty Page, Indiana Jones.
  Look up Danger Girl issue two and I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry to do this to you.
  Video game like PlayStation 2 cover like.
  And just look at the cover and see what I'm dealing with here.
  And I apologize to bring my own eye to it.
  But she is naked under all that stuff that's covering up her nudity.
  Yes, that is correct.
  But what are you going to do?  This is not I'm not still like obsessed with this comic or anything, but I was rereading it  because it's fun to revisit stuff you looked at when you were younger.
  Yeah, but compared to Bible man, like the Bible man creators would probably try to make  this stuff illegal.
  Well, that's true.
  Throw it in a big fire.
  Yes, that's true.
  Yes.
  The yeah, the like you like the the Bible episode would be like the pickle of the  pornographer.
  And it's just it's not pornography.
  It's just a comic store and then a little Michael equivalent.
  Like, yes, I notice you haven't been reading your Bible lately.
  Is there another book that has your attention or something?  Are there characters you're more interested in girls that go on dangerous adventures?  You know, Corinthian says leave the leave danger to men.
  Women should number one fruits and the number one problem with danger to them is that they  were going on adventures.
  Yeah.
  Women in danger should never mix the sex men are for to prevent that.
  Yes.
  To provide them with babies to keep them out of dangerous messes.
  Yes.
  Another just on the topic of that voice.
  Here's OK, just to Miles is the original that the Bruce Wayne of this.
  So Miles Peterson will walk in the room.
  Hey, kids, how's your youth group rehearsal going?  OK, good.
  Well, I'm going to go.
  I think you might see Bible man soon.
  By when it comes back.
  Hey, kids, how's your youth group rehearsal?  There's not even kind of like a little bit of a let's get into here.
  Right.
  Let's get the rasp.
  It is just the same just charisma suck of Willie Ames.
  Um, he really the vibe of Willie Ames and therefore Bible man, it's kind of it's like  a guy who you've worked with for many years, like, you know, he's been a co worker for  10 years.
  And if anybody asked you what's up with that guy?  Oh, he's a nice guy.
  Really nice guy.
  Would you ever want to like go hang out with him outside of what?  Never.
  No, no, no.
  I would not absolutely not do that because he's a creep.
  No, not even.
  No, just I'm out of conversation with him and two exchanges at the coffee machine.
  But nice guy, really nice guy.
  That's our superhero energy.
  So much of this too is just it's still I think they think they're doing 60s Batman.
  Yeah, and they think that any amount, any type of humor next to in superhero costumes  equals 60s Batman.
  Yeah.
  But the last does not have the charisma of the performers on that show nor the commitment.
  They they sell it all out with the little meta.
  I'm even trying to think of what's an example of it'll be like, you know, how did you know  the fiddler was going to be there?  Because I wrote it that way.
  Yeah, no one.
  No one likes it.
  Yeah, that's just that's humble.
  We'd will rolled by as I said that.
  Right.
  So they shouldn't be doing that.
  And I like that again.
  That's why I like the more like Degrassi version of things.
  Other episodes that you guys found in your travels, anything you want to call out?  Jason, do you have a clip or no?  I know I that was really the only clip I call.
  I mean, well, I kind of I watched the big, big book, the first one.
  The big, big book is the one that is entirely about youth group performances.
  Yeah, really.
  And it seems like it's yeah, they're worried they're not going to be polished enough for  people who are coming to a garage or a shed common room to watch it.
  And then at least by the time the Fibler, they got a second location.
  Someone in the congregation gave them keys to get in a second location.
  That was the biggest hurdle of this production.
  I said they add a second location.
  It's like, guys, good news.
  We can get in a boat storage area because the the millionaire who owns the boat dock  like has joined the church.
  So he'll lend it to us, but only during the cold season.
  He thinks that giving us this location for free will absolve him of his sins.
  Which are plentiful.
  I'm sure that's not for me to add.
  That's for the Lord to judge.
  My episode, I like the character Luxor Spondroth.
  Yes.
  And that episode was or his debut was on the defeating the shadow of doubt.
  He's a very recurring villain.
  I feel like he shows up in the live tours as well.
  He certainly does.
  And he looks like he's kind of got like a Gary Oldman Dracula face, like painted face.
  But then he has like a Borg Star Trek Borg kind of implant sort of on the side of his head.
  And he's got a cape.
  He looks kind of cool in certain.
  There's many versions of him, but the version I'm looking at now, which is tiny.
  So I don't know if you can see him, but the version here, he kind of has this like this  fun suit of armor thing on.
  Mike, you just showed us pictures of Danger Girl again.
  You didn't even realize it was on your screen.
  He showed your cards there.
  I should reveal I also own Danger Girl action figures.
  They were so cheap.
  They were so cheap on eBay though.
  And I want to get all the, there was an imprint called Cliffhanger, which had my favorite  artist, Joe Matarera with his comic Battle Chasers, but they don't have toys of that.
  And they do have Crimson Toys, which was Humberto Ramis's vampire teen comic,  which I also read, which I need to get those figures too.
  You know, Michael, you brought this degree of specific knowledge to instead your knowledge  of Psalms.
  I think you'd find the opportunities to open up for you.
  This is a good moment to cut in.
  And I was searching Bible.
  There are Bible man action figures.
  Are there?  Oh, yeah.
  So spawned with figures.
  Spawned on this one.
  Yes, but Fibler does not.
  I couldn't find a Fibler one.
  This is some of the stuff where I'm saying it's not so well documented of like, because  I did find some other things and there's newer figures too from the animated.
  Yeah.
  I think the figures were produced under the jurisdiction of the second owner of the franchise.
  Right.
  His name was Tommy something.
  Tommy Nelson.
  Yeah, there you go.
  Yeah.
  Tom, I believe somehow I now this is information in my brain.
  Tommy Nelson's ownership is what made the Bible man action figures possible.
  Beloved childhood memories getting yanked right out of there.
  This fact lives here now.
  No fib.
  I don't.
  I haven't seen a Fibler.
  I think so.
  That's what I'm saying.
  I think Fibler was early on, which is also why you don't see representations of the youth  group kids.
  Right.
  If you don't see Kyla, the girl who's sad because her parents are fighting.
  That's a story in the third one of these that's about youth group disruptions.
  That one, I don't even know if there is like somebody breathing bad magic into her head.
  I think she is not performing up to snuff because her parents are fighting.
  Okay.
  And everybody's mad at her, including Bible man.
  That is a recurring, that is something they do address.
  In fact, it's part of the origin story of Josh Carpenter, the second guy to wield the Bible man.
  Like introduce that.
  It wasn't always Willie Ames.
  Eventually a second Bible man shows up.
  Right.
  And that's the way the alter ego is Josh Carpenter.
  Carpenter Robert T.
 Schlipp is the actor.
  Robert T.
 Schlipp.
  Pastor Robert T.
 Schlipp.
  We'll all flesh that out later.
  But yeah, he, he is, this is from Wikipedia is depicted as someone who never understood  the Bible until his darkest day, parentheses when his parents were arguing.
  What the hell are you talking about?  And his dad, the pearls from his mom's necklace while they were arguing fell and broke  on the ground.
  And that was the traumatic origin story.
  By the time like I was in middle school, they had already had to explain like  the Challenger disaster, the Oklahoma city bombing, the first world trade center.
  It's like, what do you mean his darkest day?  Like I knew there were worse things than my parents going like, well, you were going to get  for it.
  I don't know what that, you know.
  In this world, in this world, in this little town, wherever this show takes place, the  worst thing that's happened to anyone is the day that the Carpenters were fighting.
  Only to only to be doubled by when Kyla's parents, this is so rare.
  Right.
  And of course, in both cases, it's Josh's fault that his parents are fighting and it's  Kyle's fault that her parents were fighting.
  Well, that's it's your fault.
  That's terrible to put on.
  That is legitimately terrible to put on children.
  That was a reoccurring anxiety of me.
  I have caused all these.
  I have caused any problems in the world.
  And that's great, Jason.
  Have you thought about how these may be stemming from your lack of my lack of picking up the  good book?  Yeah, he has.
  You've read it a little bit, but you don't read it every day.
  It's like you're never going to learn how to play guitar like me and my band Paradise.
  Unless you pick it up every day.
  It's the very short lived you through when I went to church.
  I think the most exciting thing we ever did was go see Prince of Egypt at the mall.
  Cool.
  Prince of Egypt was released.
  Can be miracles when you believe Jeffrey Katzenberg.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Wow.
  I realize there's two different Luxor toys, different outfits.
  Which one's better?  I think the one with.
  Well, I don't know.
  I think this green one is better if you can see it.
  This one.
  What about it?  I don't know.
  I like it better than the red one.
  He'd say it's a standard Bear Guy look.
  There's no stereotypes involved.
  They don't look honestly.
  They don't look as good as that picture I was showing you with the little kind of Borg outfit  that he had on.
  That looks cool to me.
  I think that the action figure of the latter day silver version of Bible Man is kind of good.
  I think silver Bible Man's all right.
  Here's a little bit of trivia.
  I saw this in the credits on one of the live videos.
  There might be a reason why one of the only coherent aspects of Bible Man is the suit.
  Because at least at some point in time, they had the suit made by the Kyoto brothers.
  Is it Kyoto?  Who made killer clowns from outer space and Team America and Ernest scared stupid.
  Those creatures that lodged into your brain.
  Of course.
  So yeah, that's it.
  It like jumped off the screen to me because I'm like a name I know of.
  That's not a latter day sitcom cast member like Willie Ames.
  I was well, oh, let me issue a correction and then I'll jump back to that point.
  I believe that this the red Luxor is actually misidentified.
  He's actually El Furioso.
  Well, well, so that makes actually more sense.
  The red character is El Furioso.
  Not must have been the work of the dastardly name scrambler.
  But back to that there.
  There were so many like offshoots.
  It's hard to figure out.
  I don't know.
  I'm sure you if we have more time, but there was a Bible Man kids version in the 90s as well.
  I don't know if you came upon this.
  Oh, yeah.
  And to speaking of names of people that jumped out at you.
  Yeah.
  All of a sudden you're looking at Dick Van Patten and Jim Varney.
  I missed Dick Van Patten.
  That's that's an eight is enough person as well.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So he's like singing like it's it feels like a completely different show.
  Bible Man's kind of doing like wraparounds or something.
  And then all of a sudden, Dick Van Patten's in like a kids show around like a campfire,  singing a song about kind of Jesus or something.
  I found the Jim Varney appearance when we were talking about Ernest goes to Splash Mountain  on Club 3 and I thought it was too confusing and boring to bring up in that celebration  of Jim Varney.
  Yeah.
  No, I'm not saying I don't know what the hell's going on.
  Bible Man Jr.
  Oh, I don't know.
  Bible Man.
  Yeah.
  Bible Man Jr.
  I don't either.
  I don't have a clip.
  I have audio clips.
  I don't have one of those things.
  I was just like, oh, wow.
  Look, hey, look who it is.
  Yeah.
  There is a crossover.
  But right now I like Varney.
  There was some level of professionalism or like professionals involved in Bible Man  Jr.
 because outside of Willie Ames and the Giotto brothers, if you look at other people's credits,  they really don't exist like other performance, like mostly other occasionally other Christian  media, but not that much.
  Well, well, on the one of the live tours, there was a person I had no need to say his name.
  I wish him well.
  I want to call out this guy, but they had the Bible Man Live at one time.
  Boasted a guy who played two face in the Batman water thrill spectacular at Six Flags Marine World.
  So there you go.
  A tenured two face, a real villain was deployed in Bible Man Live to play the character, the wacky  protester.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yes.
  I've seen the wacky protester.
  That feels like a very 2023 kind of villain to come up.
  Oh, yeah.
  I mean, it feels of the moment.
  I would think that would be if they were doing it now, they could do that as well.
  Yeah.
  Like that's a gut now.
  It's pulled open.
  Now the wacky protester is a January 6th.
  So now I think maybe wacky protester would be out.
  Okay.
  Or it is a wacky protester, but wacky is meant like good.
  Like they're fun.
  Oh, well, that's all those silly clowns who entertained us on January 6th.
  The wacky.
  They certainly made me laugh.
  The wacky protesters may be an antihero.
  It was like Deadpool started as bad guy, but now it's fun.
  It seems like now it's good.
  Can they wrap their heads around the antihero?  I don't think they even do that with any of these villains.
  All the villains come like they're all spawns of Satan, essentially.
  Right.
  So I don't think they're given the chance for salvation, really, even though in Christianity,  you would give people the chance to like renounce.
  But I think that's too complicated.
  If Satan thought of them, they got to they just got to go back to hell.
  Yeah.
  They're all menacing children and none of them face redemption.
  They just get not really destroyed.
  They just get thwarted.
  Yeah, they just disappear.
  Whatever video whatever video effect was in the video box, the video toaster that they  edited this on.
  Yeah, I was a little surprised there wasn't more fire and brimstone punishment for them.
  Right.
  That's true.
  I think I would like it more if they were more literal and biblical.
  And if you like flash to the fibler suffering like on the on the flames of hell, it cuts.
  It says 500 years later.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  The fibler is like melting away.
  He's a shadow of his former self.
  But he's been in just in the back story that he's been moaning in agony for the entire  500 years since he dared mess up that youth group performance.
  I think some of the thinking behind the making of Bible man seems to be like, well, we want  us we want these kids to follow God's word.
  We don't want to scare them so much with the fire and brimstone stuff that they run out  of the church.
  They run away from the church.
  But we don't want to go too detail in the Bible lest they start doing their own investigation  and start asking questions.
  This is the great like debate inside the religion, I assume, because we've we went over  the Ark and count was an encounter.
  Is that what was called where he wanted it to not be?  I forget that man's name.
  He is he wanted his hand ham can ham.
  Thank you.
  That's one of the most pastorly villains we've encountered.
  But he was pleasant, equally charismatic.
  Yes, he wanted no fun.
  He didn't want it to be like cartoon animals.
  No, this is serious.
  This is art.
  So there's this big push and pull.
  I feel like how do you how do you compete with the child entertainment of the day if  you're not softening things in the Bible?  Because if you're really going, if you're really looking into that Bible, that's a scary  book.
  It's a lot.
  It's scary books.
  So you you meet them halfway and you have a fudge shop and you turn a walking closet  into a VR room.
  Well, you know, sorry to cut you off.
  No, I was just saying, you know what they really should have done?  They should have had Mel Gibson direct a couple and bring that passion of the Christ  realism to the lessons here.
  And yeah, Fibler will be punished.
  There's like it's exactly the half hour as released on home video.
  But then he then all of the kids take turns whipping his bare back for like a full hour  after.
  That's right.
  Well, Bible man watches like Kylo, why don't you get in there?  You haven't had a turn with the whip.
  Good.
  I know your arms aren't as you being six years old.
  You don't have quite the whip crack that some of the older kids do, but keep whipping.
  You'll get there.
  I know Bible man.
  I saw it like available to stream on Pure Flix, which oh God help me.
  Whatever.
  I got a free trial right now.
  Maybe you ever liked.
  Um, I, I, but it was also streaming on, uh, you know, Mark Wahlberg's weird Catholic app.
  Yeah.
  What's that one called?  I forget what that's called.
  It's the one he was doing promotional videos for around time of father's stew and stuff.
  Oh, man.
  You went on the, uh, uh, he was on the today's show promoting it on Ash Wednesday.
  So you had ashes on the ashes.
  Yeah.
  I, I, this is foolish though, cause evangelicals probably think like, ah, no Catholics.
  That's not real.
  No.
  Man, I just signed up for RFD TV.
  Jason might know that because I discovered that the home improvement tooltime girl,  Debbie Dunning has a show called Debbie Dunning's dude ranch roundup on RFD TV.
  So they was trying to get me to sign up and pay like $6 to go on RFD TV.
  Hang on.
  Why are you, why are you watching dude dude?  Right.
  Well, I remember I was driving over here in the car and I said, don't bring this up,  even though you want to talk about it.
  Don't force this into the episode.
  It's not necessary, but it's too late because we're talking about streaming service.
  Instagram knows what I want to see.
  And for some reason, there's a video of Debbie Dunning sitting on William Shatner's lap  at a comic convention in the last few days.
  He looks uncomfortable at first and then they just start making weird sexual innuendo jokes  about it.
  And then I said, oh wow, Debbie Dunning is doing like the concert.
  And I didn't realize this.
  And so I started going through and there she is with the Richard Karn at different  comic conventions and she's wearing the Binford tool outfit, uh, everywhere, taking photos with  guys.
  Is this, uh, maybe she neck and neck with danger girl in terms of mid nineties interest?  I was not a huge home improvement fan.
  So I'm not trying to diminish.
  I was certainly chase Meridian.
  I'm being honest.
  I'm honest about chase.
  I'm honest about the danger girls, Abby chase, uh, all of them.
  But yeah, no, she was attractive, but I wasn't like obsessed with her or anything.
  This just the reason, by the way, the reason Instagram showed this to me is because an  old William Shatner was in the clip, not because of Debbie.
  Oh yeah.
  What do I say?  Instagram gets you.
  They know you don't want babes.
  You want old men, old.
  I want any star trek actor that's alive.
  That's over 70 people who are famous primarily for something that happened 24 years before  you were born.
  Yes.
  They saw me follow the Barbara Eden fan account and they know a little bit of boat.
  You got a little bit of babe in there.
  That's true.
  Although I was never like, I never had a crush on Jeannie.
  I swear to God, my love of Jeannie was pure.
  Let me be clear here.
  I thought she seemed nice.
  But so then I found that then she's promoting Debbie Dunning's dude ranch roundup.
  And I said, well, what is this?  And it is Debbie Dunning going from going around, I assume, probably maybe two states  and finding like the best dude ranches in the country.
  Yeah.
  And I looked up RFT TV.
  I was like, well, I bet their Twitter bio will immediately tell me what this is.
  And it did.
  The official Twitter page for RFT TV, rural America's most important network.
  Rural, yes.
  It's like, oh, okay.
  I think I kind of.
  But this, if you sign up for the streaming service, you get shows like Big Joe,  Poka Show Classics, which is just like a big hall of some kind where this guy,  Big Joe, shouts out like, hey, here we got the, and then it's like a name, like the Emmett  Poka.
  And then some guys like play a poker while very, very old people dance.
  And the thing is shot like a C-span or something.
  We're just like a hard camera here.
  It fades in and out.
  It might only be 10 years old, but it looks 50 years old.
  What does RFT stand for?  I don't know, but there's shows on here called Cowboy Church, Cowboys of Thunder.
  Rural Free Delivery.
  Okay.
  Name for the US Postal Service's system of delivering mail directly to rural patrons.
  That's about as obscure as it could be.
  There's a show called I Love To Farm.
  So it's the TV version of the mail.
  Mail TV.
  Yes.
  There's a show called I Love Toy Trains.
  There's a show called Live To Farm.
  I'd say my kid would like that.
  Yeah.
  So the Merlin Jean show, just like, like Molly B Poka Party.
  These are all shows you get for your like six dollar.
  Cowguy Clo- I don't know if this is close or close with Scott the Cowguy.
  That's Scott Shellady in Nashville, Tennessee.
  He's wearing a suit with cow pattern on it.
  It appears.
  Scott Shellady.
  Now I have that in my head.
  All right.
  Scott Shellady lives in my brain now.
  There's something called the Presley Count- Presley Country Jubilee.
  And then they're all like looking and they're all kind of wearing those nudie suits.
  And I was like, oh my God, I think I'm going to pay six dollars to watch  all the content on this network.
  This is where Paula Deen has ended up.
  Oh, no.
  Positively Paula.
  No, you got to put a sour note on it.
  We forgive Paula.
  Paula can do whatever she wants.
  Say whatever she wants on our FT TV.
  Texas bucket list.
  We hope she does it.
  But if she does, we don't fire her.
  This is a mix of stuff that is either very boring and harmless or like,  here's like a commentary, financial commentary show.
  And it says Lee ESG is corporate communism.
  I don't know what any of that means.
  I don't know what ESG is.
  Look, Jason, I'll investigate all of this.
  But I yeah, anyway, I'll show it into this episode.
  Do you know that Debbie Dunning's dude ranch roundup is from 2017?  Well, she's still promoting it.
  It's still available.
  It's still there.
  You don't just kiss a product goodbye.
  You put your blood, sweat and tears into.
  You went to those ranches.
  She's there was hot days.
  She's sweat a lot.
  This is look, I just learned about this.
  So I'm going to get to this before I get to Yellowstone is what I'm saying.
  I'm definitely going to go through that catalog.
  I think I approve of that.
  Yeah.
  Order of things.
  Well, look, you know, Pure Flix is no slouch either because if you're listeners,  if you want to see all the Bible man were describing, you can find it there  with the worst interface you've ever seen a streaming service have.
  Though I say that not having seen our FT TV.
  Yeah, we'll find out.
  But they've got a weird sad sitcom with Dave Coulier.
  Yeah, they're stacking the names up to that's called live and local with  the and he's the host of a Christian local radio station.
  All right.
  And then there's another one called Malibu Dan, the family man.
  And that's about a local morning TV show host.
  These are both Dave Coulier.
  No, he's not in Malibu.
  Dan, there's nobody prominent in the bleed cast of Malibu.
  Dan, but you get Victoria Jackson and the episodes.
  I'm listening.
  Victoria, are there any poker parties on this streaming service?  They may not offer poker, but RFD may as multiple shows about poker party.
  Unless there is a pure poker.
  If it's called that, there might be pure poker streaming.
  There's a full you're right.
  No, now that I think about this, there's a Roku poker channel that was promoted on  one of the YouTube because I looked up Big Joe.
  I watched a little of that Big Joe and it says you can go to the poker channel on Roku.
  So there is a full poker channel.
  Roku's the Roku channel page is much more Wild West than the TV one.
  We could have a channel on Roku tomorrow.
  Yeah.
  Tonight, podcast, the ride channel tonight.
  We're launching it.
  It's mostly got poker parties on it.
  They're mostly in the public domain.
  Big Jason Sheridan's poker party.
  Public domain poker party.
  Also, you can watch the Carol Burnett show on RFD TV.
  I'm just calling this a battle between the two.
  Let's imagine we both have lightsabers.
  Right.
  Well, where else but on Pure Flix, can you watch the little rascals?  Well, where else can you watch our gang?  They don't just put copyright free.
  They don't put public domain stuff everywhere, dude.
  Only by the Lord's virtue on Pure Flix, can you find Chop Kick Panda, a animated film that bears  no resemblance to any other martial arts related Panda film.
  Chop Kick Panda is original and the Lord recognizes it as an individual.
  But where can you watch Cattlemen to Cattlemen?  So Scott, you're saying the 99 cent store like Dollar Store, Knock Off,  Aladdin or whatever has jumped.
  Apparently, it's allowed to be on Pure Flix.
  Yeah, they have something called Cars Life.
  I got a car.
  Cars Life 2.
  I wanted to watch any television growing up.
  So if I got like a distant relative gave us like, you know, VHS copy, whatever, I will watch it.
  Just anything.
  Didn't matter.
  It doesn't matter what.
  Anything statistically, I am shocked I didn't get more like odd.
  Like, oh, I found this at the 99 cent store.
  It's like a weird evangelical like Little Mermaid or something.
  Sure.
  There's a lot of cartoons.
  Yeah, Pure Flix has a cartoon that's just called Jesus.
  They got to that title.
  Nobody's grabbed that.
  Nice and simple.
  Yeah, we got Jesus.
  We got him.
  There's something else I was going to say.
  Oh, oh, oh, here.
  Let me wrap it back to that episode.
  Big, big book.
  The one that is 100% about other than very brief flashbacks to a time that somebody named Decepto put Bible man in a pit.
  He is just something he thinks about briefly so that he can say, so I've faced challenges too.
  So I think you'll be able to choreograph this number in the next hour without issue.
  And then you get to see a lot of performance of a song and not the song Big, Big, Big Book or Book of Books.
  I think they're both.
  There's three numbers in this song and there are these three numbers in the show and they're all about the Bible.
  Of course, this is the 1950s one.
  So here's a quick clip of the spirit of the 50s, but as pointing you in the direction of the Bible.
  It's important lyric.
  I it's the it's the only book I need you don't.
  So the message of this song is if you want to know about history, it's only one book.
  Well, isn't that still the message they're going with these days?  It does keep some bad ideas out if you only pointed at the Bible and then the same message essentially  is said about science when when all I've got is science on my mind.
  I run and fetch my Bible right on time.
  So if you start if your thoughts are drifting to dirty things like science and grab a Bible,  they tell you this is music comes out on the campaign trail.
  The only video left is Big, Big Book, right?  Empty library with one VHS in there.
  Yeah, they tell you to go to the Bible to learn about history and politics.
  And it's like, no, I don't even know.
  You can give it a shot, but like I don't think you have to take everything from that.
  You know, everything.
  I'd like to learn about Jimmy Carter's administration.
  Is that in the Bible?  Go to the Bible.
  Hey, it's got a phone, Prince and a king.
  You answer my question, though.
  Punch run away.
  Yeah, they also they're showing all these kids these kids all look to be the age where it's like  my memory of of being that age and of teach of like kids that age.
  It's like you encourage them to read anything because the last thing they want to do is read  this.
  But Jason, silly Jason, the silly.
  You sure.
  Like it's it's infomercial like all these books who has room for any of these books.
  He is.
  He's good.
  But then if you just have one book.
  A book that's every kind of book.
  It's science.
  It's history.
  If you just romance Christmas, there must be a scam like Christian ebook reader.
  Like there must be a scam Christian kindle where it's like, well, there's only one book on here.
  There's only one book you need.
  But you get this.
  You still get the thrill of paying thirty dollars a month.
  As if it was for separate books.
  That's right.
  The Bible subscription server.
  Do you miss out on monthly subscription feeds because you only read the Bible?  Not anymore.
  So that that clip you see all the girls are like sitting at the soda fountain.
  They've all got poodle skirts.
  The boys are dressed like greasers and that they have heans, beefy teas, like tucked into jeans.
  There's no sunglasses.
  They're absolutely certainly no cigarettes or switchblades.
  Like, you know, none of that shit.
  You have to give them credit because it probably took 40 years for just the greaser and the  poodle skirts to not be offensive to hardcore Christians.
  Yes.
  They they when the throwback burger restaurants came around with a jukebox and a milkshake  machine, they were OK with that.
  But we don't talk about any other.
  What happened in the time, I'm sure like hardcore Christians were like, this is the most sinful  dress that a child or a teen could ever attempt.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're we're we're eliminating songs one by one.
  We are there's no way to really know what be Boppa Lula means.
  Right.
  Oh, it's out.
  Those aren't slacks.
  They don't have a they don't have a button collar on those shirts.
  It's an undershirt.
  Rolling will allow rolled up sleeves.
  That's OK.
  On the boys on the ball on the ever on the girls.
  The girls wear full sweaters thicker than usual sweaters.
  Cover those arms.
  That's right.
  It's also very, very funny because like the the bad version of the song and then the good  version of the song, there's not a golf.
  It's kind of the same level because they don't want to do a bad version of him.
  You know what you're saying?  That a good version of that song would be the same quality.
  I'm saying like when they're like, oh, that was OK.
  Oh, when they rehearse it and it's not going.
  Right.
  Yeah, I can't tell the difference.
  I can't tell you.
  It's like shitty look.
  It's doing a shitty little show.
  Yeah.
  Another thing I like about this episode is when it's like, oh, we got to take our places.
  The kids are lining up as a bunch of kids outside.
  We're saying we want the show.
  We want the show.
  And they and the show is called The Bible Man Show.
  It has the same title as what you're watching.
  So this play that everybody's going to go see is called The Bible Man Show.
  And they send somebody's dad out, go distract them, kill some time.
  And and they start asking them all these questions like, when's the show start?  When can we come in?  There's a special guest in the show, right?  Do you know who it is?  Who tell us who is it?  And he's like, I can't.
  I'm not at liberty to look over there.
  And would you believe that the special guest in The Bible Man Show is a Bible man?  Wow.
  Shocker of shocker.
  How did they get him?  Wow.
  Big get.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It was not just they didn't just license the property.
  Yeah, do this show.
  They had the man himself.
  I yeah, this one, this is cruddy elsewhere.
  They compare the Bible to this little another line that's like, well, like Shakespeare,  that is Romeo and Juliet, but which is not a book.
  That is a play, not applicable.
  But it's the song is entirely like which like dissing lesser books.
  Like Webster in his dictionary.
  The Bible is better than Webster.
  Uh huh.
  But OK, I could you could there be a Bible without it when I wrote it without a dictionary?  Yeah, I guess there's some validity to that.
  I sort of jumped around in episodes and it did start to dawn on me.
  I'm like noticing all these children are not like working at a volunteering at a like a  soup kitchen or planting a tree like noticing everyone in this universe is  mostly just proselytizing to each other all the live long day.
  Yeah, it's kids doing youth group performances.
  Yeah, kids who might be in the youth groups of the future.
  Yeah, they're watching this on the, you know, four by three TV strapped to the cart that's  rolled in, you know, the only except the only thing resembling an exciting day in these.
  Uh huh.
  Except for maybe when Bible man live rolls into town, I want to make sure we devote some  time to Bible man.
  I live in.
  I only say love.
  I mean, compared to the TV show.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, because this is huge.
  I mean, you know, we're I don't know what cities it came to.
  I saw, you know, evidence of that it would go to Florida cities.
  That makes sense.
  Or maybe like Montgomery.
  So yeah, Bible man live shows up in Montgomery.
  We're now we're talking.
  It was like, if that's what I was trying to find, like tour dates, I was trying to find  some documentation of it.
  It was apparently on something called the Billy Graham Crusades, which is something  he did for decades, which was just a touring show to get to convert people.
  Okay.
  And it would contain like it would contain probably sermons, but I guess this would just  be a chunk of it sometimes.
  Yeah.
  And I couldn't find there's different, I guess he was doing for decades.
  There's many versions of it, which I get in like going back like maybe the 70s or 60s.
  So he was maybe doing his own coming out of our shells show.
  Billy Graham was.
  Yeah.
  Years before this.
  But yeah, it apparently.
  Original Ninja Turtle, as most people call him.
  Yeah, right.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, so it's interesting because there are many different videos of this Bible man live  and they're all a little different.
  They have different villains.
  They have different characters.
  There are different songs.
  Yeah.
  I was going like, I have clips from different shows with completely different songs.
  Yeah.
  And there's not just one rubber stamped.
  They kept reinventing the by what bio man live.
  The show was.
  And it's interesting.
  And again, there's not really like I didn't, I couldn't find like it on like all music.
com  where they had compiled a list of all the different songs, but you would go like 45  minutes into one of these and I go, well, this, this song isn't terrible.
  Actually.
  Wow.
  It's not terrible.
  Like any song on the TV show that I came upon, I think was like awful.
  That Bible side.
  Did you not just hear that?  Let's see where you go.
  It's the only.
  I burn all of their books.
  That was pretty good.
  And not that these songs are good, but I was enjoying them more.
  At least I'll say that.
  But yes, it's very much a setup exactly like coming out of our shells.
  Uh, where, you know, Bible man's there.
  Kids are yelling when the bad guy shows up.
  There's an easy lesson.
  Parky booing all the theme park booing.
  It has the ultimate theme Parky thing, which is the pre-recorded soundtrack.
  Yes.
  I think every one of them that I saw that like that it is all baked in, even though it  is the real actors doing it.
  It is Willie Ames and later, uh, pastor, uh, slip.
  Yeah.
  Pastor slip.
  He's there in person, but they just lip sync.
  Right.
  I should have said, sorry, coming out of their shells.
  The song is coming out of our shells.
  Sorry.
  I know.
  I just want to be correct here.
  Make a big mistake.
  People are going to be upset.
  But you know, some of the characters aren't there.
  Notably Bible girl doesn't seem to be Bible girl does show up.
  She does.
  She sings a song in one of them too.
  Oh wow.
  So this is what I'm saying.
  Like, I don't know.
  I did not have time to document each show, which is kind of what I started wanting to do,  but I would just take some chunks out of these things and we're going to,  I may end up having to edit some of this too, because I did not completely precisely,  uh, cut these to the point where, because some of the lead up is very entertaining too,  but maybe, uh, maybe you'll say I'm incorrect about that.
  I mean, this is no judgment on you.
  I think being that it is Bible man, I might say this is boring.
  Yes.
  So here, you know, let's start with Bible girl.
  Just, I want to give you a flavor, the different flavors that appeared on this live show.
  And I'll just start it and see what we get, where we're at.
  Wow.
  It sounds like this Natalie and Brulia.
  Yes.
  It says 2005 and the song is called free.
  So yes, they're going off of Natalie and Brulia from 1998.
  Yeah.
 I was impressed by how current it was until you said 2005.
  Yeah.
  I was thinking of Bible girls born a sinner.
  She should feel really bad about it.
  My own carnal mind.
  Oh God.
  This is making a sinner seem cool.
  Yeah.
  Do they ever do any flashbacks to like when Bible girl is a sinner and at our carnal mind?  No, we ever see any flashbacks.
  And she's in a flash out the character.
  That's when she first met the paint.
  She used to be a danger girl.
  Now she's a Bible girl, but we're not seeing that.
  We're not seeing the old days.
  Actually, you know, that's kind of the gist of that one.
  That's not my favorite one, believe it or not.
  I have Bible man sings in one of these.
  Not all of them.
  Wow.
  But he sings in one of these.
  Boy, a flashback to the days of paradise.
  What Christ Jesus our Lord has done.
  That's slip.
  Is it?  Yeah.
  So yeah, I was going to say this is not Williams.
  This is a later one.
  They both toured extensively.
  Yes.
  Bible man.
  This is shipped.
  This is later.
  I don't know.
  Real quick.
  Do you guys, what are you, who was your favorite Bible man?  You know, it was a question we always answer, but.
  I mean, this is the only choice in the world where I would pick Willie Ames.
  I think in any other equation where the answer is, if it was like most boring guy,  Willie gets it every time.
  But if if charisma is involved at all.
  All right.
  Fair enough.
  Yeah, I have to agree with you on that.
  Maybe versus Ken Ham, Willie stacks up.
  That's true.
  More charismatic.
  But but I do slip is to he's just got nothing.
  He's got nothing going on a little more classically handsome.
  Oh, but yeah.
  What the what jumps into my head is that he's a he's an L.
A.
  three, but a Bible man ten.
  Compared to what became before.
  That's fair enough.
  By the way, that's a distract or citric too much.
  But this bears saying is that the whole like they're doing the tours and the videos  with Willie Ames and then all of a sudden, mysteriously, there's even a video I found  where he says, well, I've hurt my back, so I'm not going to be able to do them anymore.
  But years later, I think the story has changed.
  Yeah.
  If you can believe it, I think that Willie Ames, who is not an out of shape man,  but who, you know, a lot of us probably have more attractive fathers than Willie Ames.
  Let's give it up for our hot dad of us listeners, too.
  I mean, you know, he's just he's the most like milk toasty man.
  Yeah.
  And I think that here's what happened.
  Robert Schlipp was a pastor somewhere where Bible man live showed up.
  They hit it off.
  I really like you.
  And in fact, I trust you.
  And I sense that you won't screw me over in a year's time.
  Why don't you come along and be part of the Bible man ministry?  And he did.
  And then suddenly the production's like, who is this?  Who is this?  He's by far the hottest guy ever involved in the Bible man enterprise.
  Someone I found.
  I forget where it was.
  It was like Reddit or the YouTube comments.
  Someone's like, I noticed this episode because all the Bible man stuff is on YouTube,  bootleg or otherwise.
  And there were YouTube commenters going like, I noticed that this episode suddenly Willie Ames  is credited as the writer, director and producer.
  And Tony Salerno only gets the credit for co-creation.
  Do you think maybe there was some trouble?  People are trying to like never on this like the Bible man set is a place of peace.
  The set is made in the Lord's image.
  Of course, I will say the generic CG model might be more attractive than  you're saying when Willie Ames said he was not doing anymore because just of  having to be in shape for the costume, you're saying that that's like maybe  like a Michael Jordan flu game kind of retcon of the history.
  Yeah, I think this is Dirk Diggler and the new guy.
  Oh, right.
  But I accept the opposite of that in terms of content.
  But like the young gun shows up and it's like behind the  candelabra.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Suddenly your old news.
  And hey, he fits in the suit.
  So yeah, he goes in.
  But you know, things ended up fine for Willie, as you can tell by this clip of him several  years later on the celebrity weight loss series, celebrity fit club.
  Of course, he ended up in a perfectly good state after some drill instructor guys showed  up at his house unannounced one morning.
  Do you know how lucky they are that they weren't staring down the barrel of a 12 gauge  shotgun?  Now, when people come to my door and invade my property, the only reason they weren't  looking at a shotgun was because I saw the camera crew out of a window.
  You told me that you could not get to the gym, right?  So I brought the gym to you.
  And you know what?  You had put a shotgun out, you could bring it out.
  You would have broke that thing right there off in your ass.
  If he's quicker than you, he's quicker than your son.
  Getting exercise in your schedule.
  So we try to help jump start.
  What did he say?  Club?  Do you remember celebrity fit?  Yeah, yeah, he was on.
  At the time, I was watching it mainly going like that's Bible man.
  Wow.
  I was on this.
  And then what's great is this clip goes on.
  It's cutting to who else is on it.
  You're like, Jack, hey, Victoria Jackson.
  Wow.
  And then there's a and then he in a huff.
  He's like, you have insulted me for that.
  He's still even in a real argument.
  He can't get the actual rage and it just turns into you've insulted me.
  You've made me feel like a fool today.
  Damn you for that.
  And then he storms out and then a very concerned Gary Busey chases after him.
  And then he comes back in and then has a very like Christian hissy fit.
  Reality TV or not, this had a great, powerful, positive effect on my life.
  And I thought like what you did was take a dump all over it.
  That's funny.
  That's a little scary.
  I mean, even saying dump, even even acknowledging the fact that your body makes waste out of its anus.
  Yeah, yeah, that's not that's not something that I don't think that like evangelicals talk about a lot.
  No, it is a dump is something that the Lord has made, but it still doesn't mean I want one on me.
  Damn you.
  That is I do get the sense from him that he feels worse about the language he's using  and not potentially pointing a 12 gauge shotgun at a stranger.
  Well, you know, he didn't he did.
  He saw the camera and that stopped him from bringing a gun at I guess,  unlike a Bible man who only uses the sword of spirit.
  Willie Ames has other weapons and it's shotgun.
  There was a thread going around Twitter of it was a clip from like a New Jersey paper  advice column and someone's like, I believe my neighbor is leaving her 13 year old child  home alone for a few hours on Saturdays when they go to the part time job.
  And the advice columnist was like, you can leave 13 year olds alone for a few hours.
  Like essentially, please be normal.
  Like, and there's all these things in the comments of like,  yeah, the cops were called in my town because a kid was walking four blocks to their friend's  house and they thought they were that it's all this psycho stuff where it's like, yeah,  when I was a kid, I was playing in the backyard looking for frogs with a flashlight.
  And my neighbor came out with a gun and said, like, you got to be careful.
  I didn't know who you were.
  And it's like, oh, OK, so this we're all unhinged.
  Everyone's unhinged.
  Well, just look at next door.
  Look at the next door app.
  Yeah, next door.
  The hate crime.
  The psycho app.
  Out of their minds.
  Like just looking out the window, peering out the window.
  Yeah.
  A bunch of here's a here's a reference.
  But a Gladys Kravitz is blank, blank, blank, blank.
  Jason, I can't pull it.
  I've heard it.
  I've heard the neighbor from bewitched.
  Oh, yeah.
  OK.
  You got to look, look up Gladys Kravitz is big old rodeo roundup.
  Yeah, she's 140 and she's still hosting a show on RFT TV.
  It's insane that my go to for nosy neighbor is Mr.
  Roper and that is somehow yours.
  There's 10 years, 10 years more than mine.
  Yes.
  So that's weird.
  Gladys did not come up on the show for six years.
  Yeah, really.
  Um, do you have something to finish off?  But as I have a few, I need to play a few more.
  So just then he starts yelling at the drill instructor guy about like,  I called you and you didn't call me back.
  That made me feel like you took a dump on me.
  And then the guy's response is, you want to know where I was?  I was at my friend's funeral.
  He's a soldier who died in Iraq.
  Oh, my God.
  Your next weigh in is eight pounds, eight pounds.
  So Willie gets shut up real hard with the fresh Iraq soldier.
  Jesus.
  Yeah, it's a hell of a show.
  It was intense.
  It really was.
  I do recall it was kind of a good show.
  Sounds like it's got it's full of drama.
  Uh huh.
  Uh huh.
  So anyways, but I'm sorry.
  I feel like you were in the middle of a clip and I took a big dump all over it.
  That's OK.
  I'm going to be polite about it.
  I'm going to be like Christian about it.
  The word teaches forgiveness.
  I am upset and want to get a 12 gauge, but I will be polite about it.
  This is real quick.
  So this is what Bible man sounds like when he sings.
  Word says, how can a young person keep his life pure?  By living in keeping with your word, I trust in you with all my heart.
  Don't let me wander away from your commands.
  I have hidden your word in my heart so that I won't send against you.
  Amen.
  So that's Eunice.
  More 90s sort of rock here.
  You are my backbone.
  You are my breath.
  You are my very splinter skipping stone style song.
  You are the essence.
  You are my hall.
  You are the soul inside.
  He's in like a purple suit singing this.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  Holy God, help me through this night.
  This is definitely the most Christian rock of all the songs.
  So Bible man does not sing in all of them, but there's two more I want to play real quick  because these are more my favorites.
  These are the two just to give you sort of a flavor of the later ones, but this one is  Furiosa who we mentioned earlier.
  And this is before we started here, I asked Scott, I go, did you play a clip of Bible man  live on the show before because I was watching this and I had this weird flashback and we'll  see if you guys remember this or something that was the same as this, if it wasn't this clip.
  But I think it was a different parody of the song they're parroting here.
  So I may have to zoom around a little bit, but here we go.
  They've introduced Lucy the computer.
  That's why they're making this va va voom music because Lucy is a sexy computer.
  But I'll zoom forward a little bit.
  The computers in the show, by the way, I'll say Acer on them.
  It's like the kind I had in 2001.
  I'll be able to pull up enough gold fury to turn these brats into one terrifying titanic  tempered tantrum of trouble.
  So they're showing all these kids that are completely uninterested in the show while  this is happening and the kid he's threatening to do whatever he's going to turn the kids into  something and he's he's very annoying.
  I would say.
  But here we go.
  So the song kicks in.
  Do all the guys.
  Okay.
  Evil gives me a charge kind of an itch that is to cut a little run.
  Oh, well, you're so say it again.
  Furioso.
  I started thinking I said Furioso.
  Say it again, baby.
  Boy, I hate va va voomy stuff.
  Let's rumba.
  What's up?  Now he's rumba-ing.
  Is this sort of a Ricky Martin?  I mean, that's what it sounds like to me.
  Now is the time to hit your favorite.
  My.
  It's familiar.
  Yeah.
  Why is this familiar?  Can we play this?  No, no.
  Listeners.
  I feel like you played live in La Furiosa on this show before, but I can't remember when.
  Deepest darkest pandemic.
  I don't know.
  Ricky Martin parody.
  I know that melody is instantly familiar.
  Somebody else was just doing a live in La Vida Loca parody and you were playing it.
  That's what might be the case.
  Well, was I talking about the Christian parody band apologetics and their Christian  parody of live in La Vida Loca, live in what Jesus spoke of?  I don't think so.
  Living with Jesus spoke of.
  Get Christ in your life.
  This is a real thing.
  Look it up.
  Wow.
  Apologize.
  That's a whole pile of shit is the Christian parody band apologetics.
  It's spelled with an X if you want to look it up.
  I think that I feel like we played you play this specifically.
  No, it's really.
  And I can't think of, by the way, I found the name of the Eiffel 35 character,  but I'll say that at the end of the show, but there's all these things we've forgotten  more things we've said on the show.
  That'll be the top.
  More than I've ever known.
  The top of the episode will be the reveal of the thing we said already.
  But my favorite of all of the things that I found from the live is a song by a character  named Rapscallion P.
 Sinister.
  Did you guys find Rapscallion P.
 Sinister?  Oh, so he's got kind of like a Kano for Mortal Kombat, like metal plate on his head.
  He's so lipsynchy.
  Allow me to introduce.
  It's a little off because of the Bluetooth.
  I am Rapscallion P.
  I'm sure it was fine live.
  Yeah, P stands for polite.
  You can simply call me Sin.
  Well, get a load of this dump.
  So this is where the Bible lumps make it all hop.
  Bible lumps?  I will now shut down Eunice.
  He's got like bright red hair and a bright red like chin patch.
  It's like a mobile connection.
  Scott Weiland.
  I am.
  He does look like Scott Weiland.
  In a hotel.
  I am.
  Fear.
  Hurt.
  Someone.
  I like him the best maybe actually.
  There.
  We're up and running.
  Allow me to also introduce you to the sidekick and nagging force behind.
  He's like a Matthew Liller, Johnny Lee Miller hacker.
  Yeah, underhand computer influences or simply known as Lucy.
  So now Lucy is in this as well.
  Lucy is.
  Oh, I've never had so much love for us.
  Those are boobs.
  And there's no Vava Voo music with Lucy in this version.
  Wait a minute.
  Who are you?  Why doesn't anyone tell me that I have to re-educate another  rookie when it comes to this evil stuff?  I'm Repskeli.
  So he's Repskeli and P.
  Sinister is what he's about to say.
  But then he gets into a song and the song I think you'll understand why I like this song the best.
  And maybe you will, maybe you won't.
  We'll see.
  The guy already looks like one of Green Day.
  So.
  Looks like Mike Dern from Green Day.
  Let's break my name down, shall we?  Oh, I'm expecting this.
  The angriest kids.
  When I sing, it really is a crime.
  So what is scallion?  What does that mean?  It sounds so foreign.
  It sounds so mean.
  It is an onion.
  The color green.
  And it is smelly if you know what I mean.
  You can call me Mr.
 Kiss.
  You can call me Mr.
 Slime.
  You can call me cause I'll answer every time.
  You can, you do.
  This is kinda good.
  You can do.
  What is right for the P.
  Well, it stands for polite.
  You can call me Mr.
 Slime.
  One more time.
  You can call me Mr.
 Slime.
  You can call me cause I'll answer every time.
  You can do what is wrong.
  You can do what is right for the P.
  Where it stands for polite.
  I mean, the groove is pretty good.
  It's all right.
  It's a pretty good groove.
  It's different than all the other bad songs.
  Well, it feels like a song Mr.
 McFisto could have done.
  Absolutely.
  Yes, and he's very McFisto-esque.
  So that was the gem I found where I was like, okay, here we go.
  This kind of doesn't surprise me that like Billy Graham was like,  all right, you gotta have a little more pizzazz.
  We have a stage director.
  You think Billy Graham's influence got the sexier song into the show?  I think a tent revivalist, I think like a guy who grifts a lot of money on a touring ministry  probably at least had a director and a lighting guy.
  You know, I'll say this.
  I don't know when they joined the tour, but the stage, it looked the same in the early one I saw.
  But the only difference I think is this is a look, let's be honest,  this song is a sexy song.
  Yeah, could have been the influence of Billy Graham.
  Could have been the sexy influence of Billy Graham.
  How do we hide it without, you have the sex without saying sex.
  Yeah.
  And Rapscallion P.
 Sinister was the sexiest character in Bibleman.
  But what is the message here?  In all this time, now where they've landed is that the boring vanilla stuff that  Bibleman does that we're supposed to root for that.
  But then finally, there's a halfway decent, halfway sexy piece of music.
  And right from one of the minions of Satan.
  Right.
  That's what they're confused, I guess.
  Do you think this song was an awakening for any, did it like shake anyone out of their bubble  and their stupor?  I want to be Rapscallion.
  Yeah, I had to have, I think the groove in that song is undeniable.
  There's probably like a young person, man or woman who saw this performance and went home  and did their first act of self-pleasure inspired by this performance at the age of 27.
  And a whole world opened up for them.
  Uh-huh.
  Yeah, and they Rapscallion P.
 Sinister to thank.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  That song, I'm glad you found that.
  I felt like I was coming up empty in the live performance.
  Like, live clips were slurring for me.
  Yeah, there's like only two or three songs if you're lucky in these performances.
  So you really got to like find them.
  You have to hang in there to find.
  Because I'm sure, I'm sure if they changed this much, I'm sure there's a lot of different  things I've missed already.
  Well, the one bit of dumpster diving, I was happy.
  I really, I thought live was just an area that was not working.
  So I'm really glad you found that.
  But then today I finally found a live video that gave me what I wanted,  which was a little bit of like, it had Willie Ames talking to you at the beginning and  talking about, you know, putting the show together.
  And that's the one where he weirdly says, we're not going to be doing it as much anymore.
  It's not because I'm not handsome, as you can see.
  I'm, I'm magnificent.
  But, but anyway, this is it's not so much about what happens in the show.
  It's there's all this weird stuff at the beginning, kind of showing the influence  of the Bible man live enterprise, which has now been running for, you know, maybe seven years.
  And the first thing is that you see it's confusing what's happening, but Willie Ames  is getting a tour of a spaceship.
  What's happening?  They don't explain what it is.
  It's just like a minister talking and it takes you a minute to put it all together.
  And for the guy to say, well, you know, and he's a minister in Sarasota, Florida.
  And he says, you know, we had, we had the Bible man show come to Sarasota and, you know,  it was the most exciting day in our parish.
  And, you know, we saw that the way the kids were paying attention, you know, they were just,  they were at attention much more so than in a regular service.
  And they were looking at those lasers and looking at the lights.
  So that's why we set up the new youth mass center.
  And what that is is just, they just took a room and put a big spaceship in it and filled it with  lasers.
 So that's where the kids get to go to church now, which I say that's, that is a plus.
  You know, we were getting a little confused here, but if that was me, I was a church going kid.
  If suddenly, if I'm going to Sunday service for the thousandth time and oh boy, all right, well,  see how I can keep this.
  Uh, actually we're going to a different room.
  I'd be thrilled.
  Yeah.
 I feel like this is, this is always when I'm looking at like Christian entertainment,  you're like, I was entertained by only like something that was three times better than this,  like two is 15% better than this.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't take much.
 It doesn't take much.
  I mean, if power Rangers, which, you know, there's something to power Rangers and the designs are  cool, but if you watch the show, obviously it's not sophisticated, but if power Rangers and ended  with like Zordon going in, remember study your Bible or whatever, I'd be like, yeah, I guess I  should.
 This show is awesome.
 So the universal empathy or commit yourself to Christ.
 Right.
 I  go with Pink Ranger standing by because you'd go, you get so excited to be part of like a fan club  or if they said send a, like a postcard in, it wouldn't have taken that much.
 But for some reason,  like anything I've ever seen this Christian entertainment, you go, this is not watchable.
  This is kind of sending or this is cheap for this is not entertaining.
 Yeah.
  And for the most part, this is, but there's, there's fleeting moments.
 There's fleeting  within the Bible.
 And I guess in the, like on this scale, it clear, look at that, like it inspired  a laser space church for kids and Sarah's Florida.
 That must've been like such a, a huge  boost to morale.
 Oh yeah.
 If you're a young person in that town and clearly it had a huge effect all  over Florida because the next thing it cuts to is Bible man getting a special letter of  commendation, like a plaque or something, some honor from the mayor of Tallahassee,  who is just, you know, ravishing praise on, on Willie Ames and the Bible man and then Willie  is holding a Bible man mask and he gives it to the mayor of Tallahassee.
 So it's this wonderful  exchange.
 Spirits are very high.
 And I was like, I wonder if I can find out who this  mayor of Tallahassee, Florida was.
 Look it up.
 And one of the quickest  Wikipedia justifications of search I've ever seen the guy's name, Scott Maddox.
 Compare the photos.
  That's him.
 Ah, what's this? Not even deep into the Wikipedia.
 Scott Maddox was indicted on  December 12th, 2018 on 44 charges, including racketeering, bribery, extortion, bank fraud,  and wire fraud in an FBI investigation into corruption that played a key role in Democrat  Andrew Gillum's campaign for Florida governor.
 Uh, he, at this point he was some other position  in Tallahassee by then.
 Uh, he basically was like taking bribes from companies that wanted to change  the rules in Florida.
 Like he, this guy got 40 grand from Uber personally.
 Wow.
 Um, and so he got  in trouble and his girlfriend got in trouble and this man is today in jail.
 Okay.
 He's serving out  a five year sentence.
 His girlfriend's serving out maybe could be wrapping up a two.
 Um, so in his  personal effects that they take before you go into jail, a Bible man mask might be sitting in this.
  It could be in an evidence locker.
 It could be an evidence locker as well.
 But what do you have to  say about this? No, please.
 No, you can take anything you want from me.
 Uh, you can lock up  my girlfriend for life for all I care, but do not take the Bible man cowl.
 That was from Willie Ames.
  Do you understand? You're lucky I didn't have a 12 gauge shotgun today.
 FBI came to my door.
  Celebrity fit clubs, Willie Ames.
 That's right.
 Show some mercy.
 Oh my God.
 A celebrity fit club  fan is all of us are please let me go.
 Oh, sad.
 Yeah.
 So the one politician I ever saw Bible man  interacting with is in jail.
 All right.
 So, you know, he hung out with good folks,  like rapscallion, you know, fun villains and real life villains.
 Yeah.
 Um, you know, he had a,  he had a blaze ride came to an end with, I guess, after some sputter of a not very good cartoon,  seemingly.
 Yeah, I, well, the cartoon's a little unfortunate just by sheer nature of it being  animated.
 It's slightly more dynamic.
 Uh, but like some of the stuff is kind of what, like here's the  fiddler in the cartoon.
 It's just wearing a domino mask and that's like green hair.
 Boring video  game cut scene.
 That bad one too.
 There was a video game also.
 That looks like, oh, right.
 Oh,  cool.
 Um, the, the animation in the cartoon reminds me, uh, I tried to explain this recently,  I think on the show, but it reminds me of this, like stuff.
 This is probably ancient history on  the internet.
 This is just chickens walking into like a waterfall.
 And then this was all, um,  um, like six or seven years ago, it starts to pop off in a second.
 Thank God.
  And then they come out as crocodiles and techno music plays.
 I've never seen this.
  This is so this would play to my toddler to this day.
 Well, since got the link.
 Yeah.
 Well,  this was a thing a few years ago, someone found like, there were all of these just warehouses  full of people with computers, just generating weird CGI cartoon or where it's like cartoons,  where like a CG Shrek and a spider man would switch bottom half.
 Oh, I've seen stuff.
 I've  seen stuff like that.
 It was all just gaming the, uh, YouTube ad revenue.
 It was all gaming, uh,  like ad revenues and algorithms and stuff.
 Yeah.
 And it was just people being paid pennies on the  dollar to like generate this stuff.
 That is the aesthetic of the Bible man cartoon.
 And that's,  like, look, there's an excuse if it's made by bots, but yeah.
 I, what, what did the,  what did the Bible man folks have? The episode I watched was about like a father and son going to  like, uh, visit another son in a juvenile detention center.
 And then the doubter, I think is the  villain's name.
 Like he makes them all forget their Bibles and Bible man and cipher don't know.
  They're like, why do you all seem so out of it? And then they save the day and the kid saves the  day.
 But it's also like saying some weird, had some weird lines about a juvie.
 And it's just like,  this is kind of a bummer.
  Well, Bible man found time to be a bummer.
 I think a lot of the time, uh, um, there reminded me of my  favorite episode description, which is that there's one where the story is that, um, uh, a kid is  going to make a comic book of Bible man.
 And he's, he's licensed this like a real publisher is going  to do it.
 And Bible man is overseeing the art of his own comic book.
 And he keeps giving the note  that he looks too good and exciting, which distracts from the real point, which is God.
  Right.
 Right.
  So the better you make me look,  there, there's very Bible man notes down Bible man waters down comic art.
  There's very confusing stuff.
 Uh, there, there's multiple episodes.
 I feel like about like anger,  like Furiosa, like don't give into your anger.
 And it's like, okay, well, how do you teach that  kid to deal with anger, deal with the negative emotion stuff, read your Bible.
 And it's like,  God damn it.
 Like, what are you doing?  G G.
 Damn it.
  Oh, G D.
 Damn it.
 They don't even like that.
 And G apostrophe D.
  They don't.
  An apostrophe is just a, it's a false O.
 So we object to it not due to the censorship,  but because it's lying, it's all apostrophes are liars.
  If you use a hyphen too, like don't use a hyphen instead of an O.
  All the weird symbols, the hashtag and the symbol.
  Godless symbols.
  Impostors.
  Every bit as big of an imposter is Fibler himself.
  They hate the comic strips where like Snoopy stubs his toe and jumps up and it's just a bunch  of punctuation marks and a word balloon.
 Snoopy should have calmed down,  said a brief prayer and then fetched his Bible.
  This here is a screen grab.
 This is a preview image on the, uh, scraping the sultan singing  stickers of selfishness episode.
 That is a kid with a weird head.
 Like I don't even know what.
  No, that show, I tried to watch that cartoon and it's, it's awful.
  It sucks.
  It's unwatchable.
  It's no live action Bible man, which again to reiterate is one of the worst series ever produced.
  It's so interesting and unexciting.
 Uh, Bible, you can get Bible man mini figures,  like Lego knockoff figures, which kind of I'm tempted to get.
 Like you, cause it's a,  I don't know if you've seen these, uh, they're like blind bags.
 They'll have like Muppet Legos  and Batman when the Batman, uh, Lego movie came out and it's like, you don't know what's in it  cause it's called a blind bag, but that's the same they're doing this year.
 And it's,  it's certainly not Lego making the Bible man, but they look exactly like, uh, Lego.
  And you can get Bible man, Bible girl, cipher, melody, Baroness crusher, Dr.
 Feel, Luxor Spondreth,  master of mean, the Ronin of wrong or the mayor of maybe.
 So, and then there is one  chase figure that they don't say, and it's just got a question mark.
 So that's a, that could be a  mayor of me.
 Maybe it's indecisive.
  Maybe it's non-committal.
 You either commit your heart to Christ or you don't.
 And every time  you're indecisive about everything, it reminds you, you can be indecisive about your heart as  well.
 So we don't, maybe is, is the filthy word.
 I'm on the parasource.
com website,  which is serving Canada's Christian community.
 They're the ones selling the Bible man.
 I'm gonna  see if I can find a coupon code and get us.
 Well, I would say whatever you, even with a discount,  even if you only end up paying like four 53, $4 53 cents, just make sure you give the four 53  also to a cause that Bible man and all these people would hate.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Just, which is, you know, it could be certainly something drag affiliated at the moment.
 Yeah.
  But by Bible man standards, you could just send it to the Webster people, send it to the makers  of those evil dictionaries.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Dear Warner brothers, this is to help you out.
  I'm sorry for these mini figs I bought.
 I hope that's by a safe.
 So your child  doesn't get anywhere near some of the stuff we've acquired for this show.
  Like the Trump playing cards you gave me, the curse.
 Oh yeah.
  The Trump thing I find every three months and I go, oh, when I find the cards you got,  you got these like, what do they call it? When they punch a hole through them?  The casino car, like that casinos used to a lot more.
  Decks or something.
 Yeah.
 They would sell it like in the souvenir shop.
  We did casino implosions episode.
 Jason got us Trump casino playing cards and I find them every  three months and I go, ah, like as if I found like a demon and a demon in my drawer.
 I think I gave  some, maybe I gave Eva or maybe I lost the auction for like the button that says it's lies.
  Like Eliza Minnelli opening our one person show for a week at Trump Plaza.
  Oh wow.
 Well, say what you want about Mr.
 Trump, but he's never indecisive.
  When he was president of America, he was no mayor of maybe.
  Well, yeah, yeah, we can agree on that.
 What the fuck else about Bible man? I mean,  that's that's plenty.
 Yeah, I'm worn down.
 Listener, if you're curious to check out more  Bible man, don't it will make you so sleepy.
 This was here's two things that happened in my  prep for this episode.
 One, uh, Aaron at some point was like, we're supposed to go out later  and we're deciding who was going to drive.
 And she's like, uh, I feel like maybe I should drive  because you look really tired.
 Like you, you clearly are tired as shit.
 And I had gotten  plenty of sleep the night before and I was like, I think you're right.
 It's a Bible man  watching all this Bible man is doing it to me.
 And then I immediately went and took a really hard  nap, the hardest nap.
 Uh, and then this morning I had a little bit, I said like, I gotta go.
 I have  to do a little bit more, uh, Bible man.
 And she, and by then she's like, you have to make me a  promise that you will not watch any more clips of the show.
 I don't like who it's turning you into.
  I think your brain is not as sharp.
 She would probably pass along the same message to you.
  The listener, uh, we look, we like your sharp minds out there.
 We got good listeners and it'll  only, it'll only dull your blades to be much less sharp than the blades of the sort of, uh,  see, look, I couldn't remember the name of it.
 That's how bad my mind is now.
  Is that salvation? It was, I think it was spirit.
 The sort of, no, is the breast, the salve, no,  it was the, the, uh, the cuff links of salvation.
 Um, it was the, the, the brass knuckles of,  of fortitude.
 It was the pinky ring of remembering dot Christ died for your sins.
  Wow.
 Uh, do you feel the same recommend Bible man? I, well, I'll, speaking of exhaust,  I've been tired just in general, but today is the, by far I've been the most tired doing the show  and I've been like out of sorts.
 I was really late to the last record because I was so out of it.
  I feel worse today.
 Wow.
 And I think it has something to do with Bible man.
  Geez.
 Well, it seems like a good reason to and well, but well, is it Bible man doing it to us  or are we all just giving in to the lizard of laziness, the Sultan of sloth?  Very good point.
 Something to consider whenever you're not being your greatest self, keep it might  be the villain breathing smoke in your ears.
 Yeah, it might be a villain and don't get to the bottom  of it and don't, don't learn, uh, don't unlearn.
 Better yourself therapy.
 No, history.
 No, it's,  uh, serving the church and not your community or your fellow man.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 If you're out there  and you're feeling depressed and you think the answer is a history book, I lost there's, there's,  there's a better book you need to read and a better multi-part superhero series that you need  to watch.
 Absolutely.
 If you're thinking I should get outside, I should get some fresh air.
 I should  touch some grass and no, no touch your Bible.
 No, no.
 Well, on that note, you survived podcast,  the ride, another very pious good Friday.
 Have a great Easter weekend.
 Everybody.
 You can find us,  uh, you know, ultimately we should promote God and not commit the sin of self-promotion, but we  still will say you can find us on the socials at podcast, the ride, merchants available on our T  public store, but you know, by a sure with a cross on it first, uh, and for three bonus episodes  every month, check out podcast, the ride, the second gate, or get one more bonus episode on our  VIP tier club three.
 You'll find all of that at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
 Now we gotta,  geez, we should wrap this up because we haven't even started rehearsing for the big youth group  show.
 That's true.
 You're right.
 Thank God.
 Well now, all right, here we go.
 And a one and two and  a three and a four.
 Uh, the character's name was a rattle.
 Oh, it was a right.
 So rattle.
 Okay.
  Glad you didn't commit the sin of forgetfulness.
 So rattle.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
 For more original podcasts,  please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
 Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following  us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
