 Look, we gotta turn it off somehow, people.
  What do you think, I gotta stick on a magic button  that just shuts power off?  It's a shutdown cycle, it's a hot lamp.
  Anyway, hey Dynasty Typewriter,  how's it going out there?  All right, the streaming audience at home  knows no idea what I was talking about.
  I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say,  hey, I'm gonna go ahead and say.
  So, what I was talking about.
  Must be some kinda inside joke, it sure is.
  Ha ha, we laughed.
  Thank you so much for coming out.
  Who's been here to Dynasty Typewriter before?  Wow, thanks for coming back, we appreciate it.
  Hope you're topping your pop  with some entirely new delicious treat.
  Who's here for the very first time ever?  Wow, thanks so much for coming,  we hope you're enjoying our fine selection of sodas  you've never heard of.
  But now you have.
  Alright, just a few rules, let's go ahead and extinguish  our cell phones, place our e-cigarettes on vibrate.
  Remember, there's no talking or heckling during the show.
  Sound good?  Well, then it's time to make good.
  Let's have ourselves a good time.
  Give it up for a podcast, The Ride.
  Applause  We should be hearing a drone.
  There it is.
  Warning!  The following live podcast  requires both a ticket and a reservation.
  If you only have a ticket and not a reservation,  get the hell out of the theater!  Tonight's show will mostly consist  of the hosts on their phones,  silently checking for $4 off CBS coupons.
  Please be aware, the ever-present PTR curse,  any celebrities over 75 mentioned in tonight's show  should expect to die almost immediately.
  And now, live, just seven and a half miles away  from Tootsum Chocolate Emporium and Savory Feast Kitchen,  it's podcast The Ride!  Applause  The Ride!  Music  Whoa, folks!  Oh, my gosh!  I tried to fill that space with dancing,  and I felt kind of uncomfortable with it.
  I shan't be doing that again.
  How'd you feel about what you did during the theme?  I was doing, like, an interpretive dance almost,  like, hello there, welcome to the, like,  I was in a parade or something.
  And I feel okay about it, but not,  I don't feel great about it.
  Jason, rank your thing.
  I did some waves and some respectful bows,  and I'm feeling great.
  Wow.
  You nailed it.
 With confidence, you nailed it.
  Now I can officially say welcome to podcast The Ride! live,  or as we are calling it, due to the writer's strike,  the only way we can do comedy without being scabs!  Yeah!  Applause  This is allowed.
  I wrote the joke down, but I think this is not  an under-the-guild purview, so I think I'm okay.
  Please don't ram me out.
  We respect the go-we-are union strong.
  I am striking right now from everything but this,  and my name is Scott Gardner.
 Hi.
  Applause  I am also doing this.
 My name is Mike Carlson.
  Applause  And I don't have a lot going on besides this,  and I'm Jason Sheridan.
  Applause  Thank you.
  Applause  Well, then it's a good thing you do have this going on,  and it's a good thing you folks came.
  We're so happy to see you.
 It's been a while.
  We have not done this anywhere for over a year.
  I know.
  Somehow this happened.
  It might have something to do with that Mike has been  preoccupied with the miracle of life.
  Applause  A little bit.
  I'll say this.
  Somebody sat up on her own for the first time today.
  Applause  My baby did.
  Laughter  People just like the idea of someone sitting up,  regardless of who it was.
  We're feeling great.
 We're happy to be doing the live stream.
  This is a first time for us.
  Hi, live stream.
  That's an awkward, we're like, do you guys cheer?  You're not watching the live stream.
  Well, cheer for them for watching.
  Give them some support.
  For this new endeavor for everyone.
  Look, we're all really excited to be here,  and it means a lot that you guys are here.
  It's been like, this is a little crazy.
  It's been kind of a tough time for me,  and I don't want to bring anybody down,  but I experienced a loss recently,  and it's been a little rough,  and it's a little tough to talk about.
  It might be better if I,  this just seems like maybe a good venue to vent some of what I've been going through.
  And it, you know, maybe easier to do with this little presentation, Mike, do you mind?  We should have music on this too.
  He's dancing again.
  You should feel good about this dancing.
  This is a dance I have to do.
  Yeah.
  Seems like yesterday I was hanging there.
  Downtown Disney, open air.
  Reasonably priced beer and we're low.
  Uva bar, you've got to know that.
  Life ain't always what it seemed to be.
  The best way to get drunk at Disney, even though you're gone, we're still a team.
  Corner rapers are in my dreams.
  I know you're up there looking down.
  Yellow umbrellas all around, watching us while we pray for you.
  And your owner, Patina Group.
  I once made fun of your ugly font, but now that font is all I want.
  Give anything to take half a sip.
  And I can still almost taste your pita dip.
  Every fried corn cake.
  Your rosé tastes great.
  Plus you validate.
  I'll be missing uva.
  Thinking of the days.
  Thinking of the days.
  Drinking chardonnay.
  Drinking chardonnay.
  What a far to take.
  What a lease to break.
  I'll be missing uva.
  Alright.
  Now folks, if you're like me and you're upset that Downtown Disney closed their casual outdoor restaurant, uva bar,  and you are not looking forward to the new location, which is called Centrico, then say something with me.
  Okay.
  Fuck Centrico!  Fuck Centrico!  Fuck Centrico!  Fuck Centrico!  Fuck Centrico!  You guys keep doing it!  It feels so good.
  Thank you.
  I did what I needed.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much.
  Wow.
  I'm so sorry about what happened.
  Yeah, thanks.
  What have they taken from us?  A place that has basic wine and food that has to be awkwardly carted out from a separate kitchen and into kind of the middle zone.
  Of course you all know it.
 Everybody's an uva fan.
 Who isn't an uva fan, right?  Sure.
  The answer technically might be me.
  Alright, now that that part is over, let me admit this.
  I had the idea for the song.
  I went down there to say goodbye and to film a little video.
  And then they didn't have any of the drinks that I wanted.
  They didn't take my Disney gift card.
  What?  And the.
.
.
  It's just dead in the center of something with Disney in the name.
  Wait, you're saying.
.
.
 Am I wrong for wanting the discount?  No, no.
 They are.
 It's just.
.
.
  Yes.
 That's what I.
.
.
 Yeah.
  This isn't the uva I knew.
  And also, the food made me very sick.
  So, I wanted to do the song, but I also wanted to be honest with you.
  And I might.
.
.
 Look, I'm not happy to say this, but maybe fuck uva bar?  Oh, wow.
 It could be fuck uva bar.
  I was wondering, is there any other comedy room in Los Angeles where that would have played?  Well, listen up! Comedy store! Laugh Factory!  Joe Rogan's woke free comedy club in Texas?  Oh, man.
 All the ghosts that haunt that wretched, cursed place would love that.
  Do you think, Scott, if you were to host the Oscars, would you do an Oprah uva joke?  Ooh!  Do you think?  I think so.
 I think the letterman had it right, except for one letter.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
 I'm gonna do it.
 I'm gonna crush it.
 It's proven.
 It's proven here.
 It'll work anywhere, obviously.
  Yes, of course.
  So, that's one thing that we do.
  Obviously.
  So, that's one thing that we needed to take care of.
  And unless I'm mistaken, well, Mike, do you feel comfortable talking about the thing that's going on, the legal thing?  Oh, I guess.
 Yeah, I guess.
  Yeah.
 I mean, it's tough.
 We're in a bind, but again, transparency.
  Basically, Mike and I have been served a legal injunction from Jason.
  Oh, look.
 Hey, it's called show business, not show friends.
 Okay?  That's true.
  I have a copy of it right here, just to make sure I get everything correct.
  Basically, what.
.
.
I mean, I think Jason saw some writing on the wall about how things have been going for the last six years.
  And what was.
.
.
basically what was determined is that the next time that Mike or I made fun of Jason for a Pennsylvania-specific term, pronunciation, or food, that Jason would be entitled to pick the topic of the next live show.
  Seems fair.
 Seems fair.
 And you were just kind of waiting for this to rear its head.
  And then, sure enough, we were recording last week an episode you haven't heard yet.
  And there was this whole thing about.
.
.
what is this? Sandwich? What's the deal with the.
.
.
  Well, it's a sandwich meat.
  Oh, it's not a sandwich.
 It's a sandwich.
 Okay.
 It's a sandwich meat.
 What is it again?  It's called Lebanon bologna.
 Yeah, we got some.
.
.
yeah, there it is.
  So it's kind of packaged like you would buy a package of bologna, but it's kind of a smoky.
.
.
like a summer sausage almost.
 And it comes in slices.
  That feels like the description for all these weird meats you bring up.
 It's like a summer sausage.
  Yeah.
 What of it?  You have 50 varieties.
 They will all be addressed on the show by the time it comes to an end.
 It's like a fall sausage.
  Or a winter sausage.
  It's a year-round sausage, really.
  So it seems like any sausage is a year-round sausage for you.
 For me, yeah, of course.
  All of Pennsylvania, really.
 Anyway, we got caught on this for about 20 minutes.
  Completely ruined a Space Mountain episode.
 We didn't even get to the right.
 So it's mostly about.
.
.
  Mostly about this? We'll get to it.
 Yeah, we'll give it a second try, maybe.
 Way down the road.
  Anyway, long story short, what that has led us to, what the bologna has led us to, is.
.
.
  Jason, what is the topic of tonight's show?  Folks, it's the Mark Twain.
 Yeah! That's right.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 Oh yeah, yeah.
 Let's see it.
 Look at that.
 Yeah.
  We made the life preserver, whatever you call it.
 Also a reaction you'd get in any comedy room, I think.
  Any of them.
 That much love for the old river boat.
 So let's get into it.
  Okay, so this was an opening day attraction in 1955.
  Well, a few days before, because they did an event where they were celebrating Walt and his wife's anniversary.
  The wedding anniversary.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Admiral Joe Fowler.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Anyway, so it's something that Walt loved very much.
  They actually were running out of money and he paid for it himself.
  Uh-huh.
 Wait a minute.
 I feel like even you forgot about the.
.
.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, there's a sub-clause in that legal document.
  All right.
 Do we even see this? Okay.
  To properly compensate for his emotional distress, upon commencement of the Mark Twain show, Mr.
 Sheridan shall be declared captain of the episode.
  It's in there.
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 In accordance? Oh yeah, in accordance.
 I can't see anything.
  In accordance.
.
.
 Yeah, thanks.
 We're in the.
.
.
 There we go.
  It's a weird angle.
 There was like a black light hitting it.
  We don't know our way around here.
  In accordance, Captain Sheridan shall be granted a little hat, a little whistle, and a little steering wheel.
  Now come on.
 Where are we going to get that stuff?  Oh.
  I was wondering.
  I didn't think that was like a stripper waiting for a while or anything.
  All right.
 Get your little hat.
 Get your.
.
.
  Okay.
 Fair enough.
 Flip ABF's bottle.
  Oh, let me say this.
  Let's give him some space.
 Let's hear it.
 Let's hear it.
  Man.
 I'll say this.
 Like if it weren't for that legal.
.
.
 Man, I would hate this.
 I hate this.
  Yeah, you'd hate this shit.
  You'd love to see this shit go down in flames, but the law is the law.
  Oh.
  The captains are like lawyers of the sea.
  All right.
 Well, have a seat.
 Let's get into the Mark Twain here, I guess.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  All right.
  Can you get that little wheel a little closer?  Oh, fine.
 I'll get the wheel.
  Yeah, but you handle this.
  Oh, I hate this.
  I hate Jason wearing a little hat.
  This is your worst nightmare happening in front of all these people.
  I don't have a decade's worth of photos of him with different little hats on in my phone.
  Oh, I hate it.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 Well, here, give it a spin.
 There we go.
 Captain of the show.
  Yay.
  And just in case anyone's concerned about my, you know, admiral authority,  this is not my first rodeo when it comes to captaining.
  I have the  sealed up tight  pilot certificate for Captain Jason.
  Wow.
 Yes.
 Wow.
  From November 10th, 2011, when I got to pilot the Mark Twain.
  Eleven.
 Twelve years ago.
  Yeah.
 And I also saw a YouTube video where they gave one of these to a three year old.
  So I guess I just had a, you know, having a pair of mouse ears with my name stitched in the back, like you can get down there and just a giant shit eating grin on my face.
  They're like, oh, there's no kids on this voyage.
  Let's go with this dipshit.
  So, so they asked you to be the pilot.
 You didn't demand it at gunpoint.
  No, you don't get the gun until after you're made in charge of the vessel.
  No, I was walking up the stairs because second deck is my preferred way to stand.
  I'll cross that question off my list.
  We can circle back around.
  We got to do bra and then deck at a time, deck at a time.
  So and then, you know, there's a big steering wheel, much like this up there.
  And I was kind of death gripping it.
  And it wasn't until we got to Pirates of the Caribbean, it dawned on me that I was doing nothing.
  And that it would be foolish of them to give a random guest control of a vessel with hundreds of people on it.
  And that this was merely decorative.
  I had recently turned 26 years old.
  So, you know, that said, as we were going by the Haunted Mansion, I did like jerk it the other direction just to see, like, does it do something?  If you would collide with the Haunted Mansion.
  Well, I just wanted to say, like, is there a track?  Well, I because I think there was there is track, which then I learned there is a track.
  And I was like, well, maybe it's like Autopia and we'll like bang the track a little.
  Just shake a bunch of people loose.
  Yeah, just shake a bunch of people.
  You know, they always you know, they talk about Autopia is that formative ride where kids get to drive for the first time.
  And it would be nice if this was a formative ride.
  The Mark Twain where kids would get to pilot a riverboat for the first time in their lives.
  So I see what he's saying.
  What child is not fascinated with 1800s Mississippi?  That's right.
  They could go on to any number of careers of like riverboat gambler, riverboat con man, riverboat coal shoveler, steam wrangler.
  Well, and just the literal wrangler wrangler.
  Somebody's got to wrangle it.
  OK, fair.
  And just the literal wheel turning.
  I mean, if you've piloted the Mark Twain, then you're you're set on Wheel of Fortune.
  Oh, yeah.
 Other people struggle.
  They go right to bankrupt because they can barely turn the thing.
  Sure.
  So I mean, this is like all my thoughts about the Mark Twain.
  You know, there's the history of it and everything.
  But I'm completely curious about about you, about your this is a this is a personal one for you.
  I think this is a personal performance we're going to put on here.
  And I if I could get sort of inside the actors studio.
  Why the Mark Twain?  What is it about?  Oh, and don't forget when you can to steer the wheel.
  I don't mean to make you like juggle and podcast at the same time.
  But keep in mind, the wheel is there.
  I'll remind you at various times to the show.
  OK.
 And I will also be blowing the whistle at various times during the show.
  Maybe if there is a tangent going too long, a tangent not going long enough  or just I'm getting teased in a way I don't like.
  Tells me you're going to keep this.
  The wheel will factor into all future episodes.
  Oh, the wheel and the whistle.
  But yes, Captain Jason.
  Yeah.
 Do you have any idea like why?  I mean, and of course, it's wonderful.
  And we all like I write.
  We all like the Mark Twain.
  What a wonderful part of the Disneyland experience.
  But yeah, what can you speak to about what appeals to you about this?  Well, you know, I love my modes of transit.
  And this is like a very it's exciting.
  I say I realize I'm saying that about something that goes two point five miles per hour.
  But it's just how often do you get on a riverboat?  The only other time I remember being on a riverboat.
  It's true.
 He's right.
 He's right.
 He's right.
  In this day and age, because like this riverboat was like the first one built in America in like 50 years.
  When it was built in 55, it's unique.
  It's a unique mode of transit.
  Yeah.
 The only other time I remember is a friend and I were driving across country to move here.
  And we stopped in St.
 Louis and you could buy a ticket to go up in the arch  or you could buy a combo ticket to go up in the arch and the river.
  And you better believe I pushed hard and got my way for that combo ticket.
  Because it was it because it was a discount for both.
  That was partially.
 Yeah, that helped.
  I suspected it was also exciting.
  But like I had already been in L.
A.
 I'd been to Disneyland and I'd ridden the Mark Twain.
  I think the first time I was here with college friends, like we were passing by it.
  And I was like, we got to do we got to do that.
  And you had ridden in Disney World.
  You had already been on like like did you have your did you see it for the first time and you went you fell in love?  Or did you know of it? Did you know of your love before?  And then going to going to Disneyland, you saw it and then it was exciting.
  You just he just heard like an oral history of it is what you're saying.
  Yeah, sure.
 I've heard whispers of a boat out there that's the queen of them all.
  Well, let's just get it straight.
  Let's just get our boat straight.
 Yes, that's pretty important.
  Disneyland's Mark Twain is not Disney World's Admiral Joe Fowler,  which, of course, was destroyed in the 90s when it was dropped from a crane onto its dry dock.
  However, you know, you know how you're just dropping boats when you got a crane.
  The guts of that the steam engine did end up in Tokyo Disney's Mark Twain,  which is so big it needed to be registered as a nautical vessel.
  The Mark Twain is also not the Liberty Bell, Disney World's current steamship,  which used to be named and I this sounds like a thing we would make up.
  Just I just want to get it right.
 It used to be called the Richard F Irvine,  which absolutely sounds like something I would say as a child like mother, mother, father, mother.
  We must ride the Richard Irvine first thing, post haste first thing when we get in the park today.
  Jason Teacups or Peter Pan.
 What are we thinking?  I think we're doing the Richard F Irvine.
  Then your mom misses something.
 Okay, so what was that you wanted to do the Richard Irvine? That was it?  No, Richard F Irvine.
 Mother, get the middle initial right or don't speak at all for the rest of the day.
  You've ruined our vacation.
  May as well just go back to Philadelphia at this point.
  Load up on Lebanon?  Lebanon baloney.
  Yeah, Lebanon baloney.
  It sounded like lemon and to us.
 You could see why we got caught on it for so long.
  Richard F Irvine, that's an Imagineer and I'm sure a good person who did good work,  but that is the worst name of a theme park attraction in history.
  We complain about all of our mission breakouts and our dots and dashes, but just a man's name.
  All right, let's get ready to ride the Norman H Litmeyer.
  I'll say this about it.
 With the middle initial it makes it better.
  If it was just the first and last name, I think it would really suck.
  But with the middle initial it makes it sound official at least.
  It makes it sound formal in the way that the Admiral Joe Fowler, the Admiral part makes that sound.
  My name is Michael Carlson, but if you say Michael R Carlson, it makes me sound better.
  You add another R and then you sound like one of the greatest authors of all time.
  Michael R R Carlson.
 You might want to consider that.
  I'm not a WGA member, but if I do join, can you have a different WGA name than a SAG name?  I hear a S.
  You cut off a lot of Heming and Hawing.
 Thank you for having me.
  You're about to watch ten minutes of us all on our phones trying to find a name.
  Hold on one second here.
 So maybe that's what I'll do.
  Unless he's taken it for all RRs.
 Only he can be RR.
  It's like Paris Hilton trademarking it's hot or something where it seems like it would be impossible to do it.
  But he's done it somehow.
 Good thing George R R Martin didn't trademark it at first.
  That's something when somebody gets burned by a dragon.
 That was a famous phrase they said in the Game of Thrones books.
  A little less flowery.
 It's hot.
 Ah, it's hot.
  If you haven't read the books, you won't know.
  Yeah.
 Big lower the ring.
 They didn't do it on the show.
 They just did it in the books.
  The funny thing is, you said that it's now the Liberty Bell today.
  And also today.
 And I mean today the boat got stuck.
  For the first time in the history of Disney World.
 What happened today is we're getting ready for this.
  And they had to rescue people with the Tom Sawyer wraps.
  Well, the second most efficient mode of transport rescuing people for the first most efficient form of transport.
  So I mean, you know, all I can say is, all right, so that now it had gone 50 years without an accident.
  Now that record is blemished.
 Yeah.
 Mark Twain has been good for a long time.
  Sure got me pumped to come here and talk about Mark Twain.
 Yeah.
 The fucking baller Mark Twain.
  No accidents this month, that's for sure.
 Until the DeSantis board takes over the inspections for it.
  Caught on fire.
 Why are they doing this? Until DeSantis renames it to the J.
K.
 Rowling.
  Let's call it the J.
K.
 Rowling boat from now on.
 No, hold on, Mike.
 You got to do that.
 Yeah, do that.
  I'm rechristening this boat, the J.
K.
 Rowling.
 One of our finest patriots from England.
  Look, Liberty Bell.
 I feel pity for the audience that eventually comes to the Liberty Bell show.
  Those sad sacks.
 That's not you.
 We're cheering a champion tonight, the Mark Twain.
 Yeah.
  And one that of course is, you know, is very associated with you, Jason, and the lore of our show.
  There is the, if I could conjure a five timer, there is the tail.
 Well, Scott, we're saying a different thing now.
  Oh.
 Five timer.
 We're saying the story strikes back.
  Kind of empowers the story, doesn't it? Yeah.
  Yeah, so this story is rising from the grave.
 Its fist just shot up.
  The story, I mean, feel free to tell it in your own.
 I think you should grab the wheel and tell it like, it was a dark and stormy night.
  We were in rocky waters.
 There was no phantasmic that night.
  Look at that steering.
 So you could.
  Should it be, you need it closer? Huh?  Do you need it closer? No, that wonderful live stream audience won't be able to see my pretty face.
 Oh, you're right.
  Or the wonderful in person audience.
  We were on a nighttime Mark Twain ride, which I love.
 I was just gripping one of the handles.
  It's making me anxious.
 Reliving the story is making me anxious.
  All right, I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
  Listeners at home, he snapped it off.
 He snapped off the whole bar.
 You're calling this dessert fear.
  We were on a nighttime ride, which it's awesome at night.
 It's really fun at night.
 It's all lit up.
  You get to see all the show scenes at night and such.
  And that doesn't happen a lot because it's used in phantasmic.
  And so very excited to ride it at night.
  But I also really wanted to try this limited time Sunday that was at the Golden Horse Show.
  That I really used to be better at tracking the limited time food.
  And then I don't know if I just started eating at better restaurants or the food got worse.
  Or was it COVID fog?  Yeah, or COVID fog.
  He's the biggest victim in a way.
  I really wanted to have my cake and eat it too.
  So we got on the Mark Twain, like one of the last go arounds of the night.
  As we could see, they were like packing up at the Golden Horse Show.
  And I quickly made my way from the whatever deck we were on.
  We were definitely upstairs.
  To the river.
  Second or third.
  You jumped off the boat into the river.
  I jumped off the boat.
  There's no time.
  I drop kicked an animatronic duck.
  And so we're pulling very slowly docks.
  And so I am making my way down the stairs.
  I know you're not supposed to run.
  I'm a good boy.
  I don't want to run on a boat.
  I don't want to run through frontier land.
  But they have not joined me.
  I think Mike and Lindsay and Anthony Geo were there.
  And they were just paying witness.
  Here's something that is disappointing.
  I have a video of you doing this that's not in the presentation.
  Yeah.
  What?  I mean I guess I could try to put it in there.
  It might completely ruin the rest of the show, but we could try it.
  So you have this you're saying?  I have this video, but the video is not that satisfying.
  Oh.
  Yeah, you got to edit it, right?  You have to like get ins and outs.
  Because there's no resolution to it.
  I just have a video of you walking from Mark Twain to the Golden Horseshoe.
  And it's not like, oh, you come out with a big Sunday at the end.
  So I think in my mind I was like, well, this doesn't have a great resolution.
  So we'll tell the story.
  But now you're saying it, I guess I should have put it in.
  Wait a minute.
  And it wasn't like, this wasn't a sprint?  This wasn't a Tom Cruise?  No, he didn't sprint.
  He walked at a reasonable pace.
  I wanted to be respectful, you know.
  And so I got in and I got it.
  I got the Sunday and once again.
  I think I made the right choice.
  I think I made the right choice not to put it in.
  Uh huh.
  Because that's the story.
  Yeah, that's the story.
  You can imagine Jason shuffling in the dark.
  If you came out with a Golden Horseshoe with it over your head,  like cheering and throwing ice cream at people or something.
  No, of course that didn't happen.
  I came out already eating it.
  But I don't have it on video.
  I came out with a very similar shit eating grin on my face as when we boarded the Mark Twain.
  Because now every time I try to board it, I try to look very excited to see if they'll let me pilot it again.
  And I signed that captain's log.
  I signed the guest book that they have up there, which are supposedly all archived.
  But also they could just be lying about that.
  They just throw it in the incinerator of the boat at the end of the day.
  Jason, I did not clear this with you.
  But I have photos from a different time when we were on the Mark Twain of you looking very happy and pleased.
  And it looks like we're alone on the boat, but I'm sure we weren't.
  But I'm also not 100% sure.
  Do you mean alone as in it was just you and I who weren't with other people or we had the boat to ourselves?  Yeah, that's it.
 That's the grin.
 That's it.
  Why is the.
.
.
  It looks like they emptied the boat for us.
  Which I don't think they did.
  Wow.
  And then, was this the one with the closed eyes?  Closed eyes.
  Wish and a wish.
  Yes.
  Make this moment last forever.
  So yeah, that's the proof.
 This is pre-podcast, I think.
  I think it's pre-podcast, but this is a thing you've done for many years.
  You have a very thorough iCloud photo library.
  Very thorough.
  Very thorough.
 Very well organized.
  So every now and then, Mike will just send me or me and Gio,  he will just send pictures where we look foolish from years and years ago.
  Not me, I guess.
  Somebody didn't make the iCloud, I suppose.
  You're in there.
  You had the album within the iCloud labeled the light of my life,  and you had to switch it to your daughter from Jason.
  You were getting errors because you had a new light of my life album,  and it was conflicting.
 It kept adding JPEG.
  Subalbums being like he sat up on his own for the first time today.
  On the boat, on the Mark Twain.
  He sat up in a river boat for the first time.
  Yeah.
 Yes, that's all true.
  There's photos of Jason on the boat, but there's also artwork.
  Let me set it up first.
  We did a call at some point due to some episode we asked for artwork of Jason  holding a turkey leg, piloting a Mark Twain made of cake,  and I believe the person who came through is Zachariah Dyrr.
  Zachariah gave us this.
  What else do you want?  Wow.
  And if you're wondering what happened to that original art, I haven't.
  He sent it.
 I haven't.
  Oh, wow.
  Didn't bring that one?  Framed?  No, it's like in a protective sleeve because I was too nervous to get it framed.
  I'll get it framed one of these days.
  You don't trust those frame groups.
  I think there's another cake one.
  What kind of a sleeve?  Like a padded sleeve.
  Like what you would put in a three-ring binder?  No, because it's big.
  That's like 9 by 12.
  You have a custom sleeve?  No, I just used the sleeve, like the mailing sleeve he sent it in.
  I left it in there so it wouldn't get damaged.
  An envelope.
  I guess normal people would say an envelope.
  Scott, you were right.
  I was curious if you might allow other people access just for fun, just to see how it feels,  to let somebody else grab the wheel or blow the whistle.
  Jason, blow the whistle and let's talk about sleeves more.
  What kind of whistle is that?  Does that mean more sleeves or less sleeves?  Less sleeve, more?  What does the whistle mean?  It means more sleeves.
  More sleeves.
  More sleeves.
  More sleeves.
  What does the whistle mean?  Jason's so peaceful he's not paying attention to us.
  It appears we've gotten to that point in most shows where I'm just like,  I've gotten myself into a hole and I don't know how to get out of it.
  But Jason, you have something you could do this time.
  You could steer out of a hole.
  Steer us out.
  Steer us out.
  Alright.
  And Jason is now steering us to the next point.
  And this is the point, which is that we had this idea, a Mark Twain made of cake,  and in my research for this episode I discovered this idea was had many years ago by Madison Avenue.
  In an old Disney magazine of some kind there was a, yeah, it's their next one, Mike.
  Look at that.
  That is, courtesy of Disney history 101, that is a sugar ad that actually gives you the recipe for a riverboat cake inspired by the Mark Twain.
  There's candle smokestacks.
  It says, such sweet things happen with Spreckle Sugar.
  I'm not going to add an H, I guess.
  Spreckle Sugar.
  So there you go.
  So somebody thought of this, it looks like wafers as the stern wheel, right?  That's smart.
  Yeah, it looks like wafers into icing.
  Good way to incorporate it if we were doing this in a chopped manner or a bake-off manner.
  Anyway, I thought this was nice.
  I wanted to know, and that's it.
  That's the end of that?  It is nice, yeah.
  I did not, yes, a pause for niceness.
  Well, I didn't see the handwriting either.
  The Westerners are sweet on Spreckle Sugar.
  I didn't know, I think, oh, it says in all caps, no wonder Spreckle, I choose to do it angrily.
  No wonder Spreckles is the sugar used exclusively at Disneyland.
  They're going to keep it that way or else.
  Wow.
  You guys ever heard of Spreckle Sugar?  I think I've heard of Spreckles.
  I don't know if it's around anymore.
  It may have gotten absorbed by Domino or, you know.
  Yeah, you know what?  This is a good time.
  Jason, what's your sugar brand?  Oh.
  Oh, we walked right into it.
  You a Domino guy?  I like a Domino.
  I like, you know, the store brand is fine.
  Sugar in the Raw, I like Sugar in the Raw.
  Sugar in the Raw is good.
  I'm feeling a little fancy, you know.
  Yeah.
  How often do you, sorry, I'm so sorry.
  Well, I was going to ask him to, if you could just triumphantly say store brand and blow  the whistle.
  Oh, yeah.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  Oh, yeah.
  Store brand.
  Yeah, wow.
  What an ad for a store brand.
  Love it.
  Did you, or do you have to follow up?  I forgot.
  Okay.
  I bring up Spreckel's to say I was curious what is up with Spreckel's Sugar and any other  history with them in Disneyland.
  I found different history about Spreckel's.
  Spreckel's was owned.
  Somebody went, oh.
  They're correct.
  Yeah, it has to be.
  The investigative journalists who took down the Spreckel's cabal.
  Spreckel's?  That's right.
  I'm going to shine my investigative light on actions from 120 years ago.
  At least it's a family and it was run by Adolf Spreckel's.
  That's not the bad thing.
  That's not true.
  It was a common name.
  Nice people could have been named Spreckel's.
  This is not.
  Spreckel's was a common name.
  We've all had one major brain fart.
  We'll see how many there are for the rest of this.
  Nice people can be named Adolf, I was saying.
  Let me get that on the record.
  I don't need that on the record.
  Yeah, clip that.
  Stiff.
  Post it.
  Adolf Spreckel's married a woman who, this is a quote from somewhere, now my words,  a working class girl turned nude model who never hid her ambition to marry a wealthy older man.
  So far, so good.
  Nice.
  The thing is, marrying a wealthy older man, we know what that syndrome is.
  This is literally where the phrase sugar daddy came from.
  This is what it is.
  She, Alma, the wife, called Adolf Spreckel's her sugar daddy.
  Wow.
  And that's why we all use the term with our various sugar daddies.
  Wow.
  This is nice because you've given everyone a topic of conversation when they talk to their sugar daddy later.
  It's hard to bridge that gap sometimes.
  Right, sometimes the age difference is so great.
  You have trouble finding things to talk about, especially if they're on death's door.
  Which they are.
  Because they're sugar daddies.
  Wow.
  That's interesting.
  They could have, the time has passed for this, but certain women could have said, you know, Sumner Redstone,  you're the best sugar daddy, but do you know about the first?  And what, Scott, what would he have said back?  Yeah.
  Suck my toes.
  Sorry, one more thing about, if you will keep us in the Spreckel's waters, the other story about this guy.
  Yeah, rub the wheel a little bit.
  Just be ready if you don't like where it's going.
  The San Francisco Chronicle wrote an article about this guy and suggested that Spreckel's sugar defrauded its shareholders.
  And Adolf Spreckel's responded by shooting the editor in chief twice.
  Two whistles for two bullets.
  Flag on the field, you're not supposed to shoot the editor in chief of a newspaper.
  There then was a trial.
  He said, temporary insanity?  And they said, sure, you're fine.
  So the guy didn't die, but he did, everyone knew he did shoot him.
  That wasn't up for, he also, alright, sure.
  He also had syphilis and didn't tell his wife until she was delivering their third child.
  Oh, Jesus.
  At that moment.
  Get out of this.
  Wait really quick.
  And still, he didn't tell her because, hey, I gotta tell you I have syphilis.
  He went into a syphilis seizure and he had to be wheeled out of the room.
  Like, oh, what happened there?  Oh, I guess he must be, he must have syphilis.
  Okay, let's get to delivering that baby then.
  It sounds like he had it for a while.
  I think so, yes.
  His whole life?  I don't know when syphilis came about, he could have been the first.
  Patient zero.
  So Adolf Spreckels wasn't a great guy.
  No, no.
  If you can imagine, I did not bring him up to say, let's learn about a good sugar man.
  Anyway, seriously, you might have been right, but that's during before.
  Yeah, you prefer the more benevolent sugar barons like Heimlich von Domino or something.
  Mussolini Domino.
  Vladimir Storbrand.
  Alright.
  Steer us out, Jason.
  Well, let's take a back onto the rivers of America.
  Let's take a slight detour towards the other insane man associated with this boat, Walt Disney.
  When this was being built, when Disneyland was being built and they were building the riverboat,  you know, the riverboat was in the plans for the unbuilt Mickey Mouse park they were going to put in Burbank next to the studios.
  That never happened and it stayed in the plans when they started working on Disneyland.
  Admiral Joe Fowler was consulting.
  He had been in the Navy and he was consulting on construction and stuff.
  He was a man, not just a boat.
  He was not just a boat.
  He was not just a hyper intelligent boat.
  If Chris Evans were to have tweeted about him, he is a man.
  The boat was based on the man.
  Yeah.
  The man was not a boat before and he copied the boat man.
  Just for clarity's sake.
  But Admiral Joe Fowler really pushed.
  Like, we need a dry dock.
  We have to have a dry dock that you can pull the boats into when they need to be built and worked on and all this stuff.
  And Walt apparently hated that.
  He hated how much room it took up and that it cost money and stuff.
  So it just seems like there's all these stories of Walt like discovering stuff when they were building Disneyland.
  Like, yeah, you need a place to work on the boat.
  People can't just jump on.
  Yeah, you can't just jump on.
  We can't just build it in the driveway.
  We have to build it elsewhere.
  We got to slow down for these slow pokes.
  Slow pokes, I guess.
  Doesn't seem exciting to me.
  So Walt was the one who would call the dry dock Fowler's Harbor as like an own on Joe Fowler.
  And that is still what it's called to to this day.
  He was owning it?  He was like teasing him.
  He was just like, hated it.
  This tribute.
  This will show everybody.
  He didn't name like the toilet after him.
  Yeah.
  Like that would feel like more of a, I guess it feels good nature is what I'm saying.
  It doesn't feel like he's that upset.
  When you enter Disneyland, any shit that you take will be called a Fowler.
  Now that's a rez.
  Makes sense.
 Fowls up the room.
  Yeah.
  So I just thought that was, the stories of Walt like going, you know, I'm sure he was pissed  because the story about the rivers of America, they tried to fill it up the first time and the water just sank in the ground.
  So once again, Admiral Joe Fowler, how to come to the rescue, found a bunch of clay.
  I don't know where he found a giant deposit of clay or like a riverbeds worth of clay.
  This is just the apocryphal story and they lined it with clay.
  There's clay in the mills.
  And that worked.
  That worked.
 The river did get filled.
  But Walt may also just have been mad that they're like, we're out of money.
  I have to pay to build a boat out of my own pocket.
  He did this himself.
  Yeah.
  When you go on that boat, especially you, Jason, when you go on that boat, I hope that when you close your eyes in a photo like that one, just think about Walt.
  Little Walt reflection.
  Yeah.
  I'm thinking about it.
  Okay.
  Next time make sure.
  Well, let's hear this a photo of Walt.
  Oh, yeah.
  On the dock.
  Here he is.
  Yeah.
  He's smoking some Chesterfields.
  Yeah.
  Here's people.
  Some people are shining his shoes and other people are playing instruments and then he's smoking a cig.
  So he loved this thing.
  Do we steer out of this photo?  Yeah, we steer out of this.
  Boat.
  Bye bye photo.
  The term optics had not been invented yet.
  But he did.
  He loved the thing and he, Joe Fowler, who you mentioned, when he was especially stressed when they were putting the park together, when he was feeling like this is not going to come together, this might even be very stressful still once it is open, he said to Joe Fowler, you know, when things get hectic, we can always get the mark.
  And always get the mark twain and just ride around the rivers of America.
  So it was always his kind of peaceful plays much like you, you have that in common.
  And he also loves to get drunk there.
  And I, and I, you know, it's something you might just like assume or wish to be true.
  But luckily, there is a witness to this and a fellow participant in this and that person is Art Linkletter.
  See if he owes to Art Linkletter.
  Okay, from the Disney History Institute.
  Linkletter recalled a few evenings that he spent with Walt at Disneyland sipping cocktails in the firehouse and riding the riverboat with a couple glasses of scotch under his belt.
  Once Walt climbed up into the rigging of the Mark Twain ship.
  I thought he was going to dive off.
  We've all considered it.
  You know, I think that Walt quote like a big selling point I think for this attraction for me is just the vibes are immaculate.
  Like it's so chill like the the narration is very chill.
  Except here I just want to do the one line.
  This line is not very chill, but I do love it.
  When the because there's a narrator on the ride and then there's also like crew members yelling things.
  So when you're first pulling out they yell by the mock mock one mock twain.
  I love that shit.
  And then like they kind of they do some other marks later on.
  But the was that the not chill line.
  That is the not chill line.
  He's kind of yelling it at you.
  It's not the captain.
  It's one of the crew guys.
  You love this man yelling.
  I love the man yelling mock twain.
  That's kind of like that like DJ Khaled of its day.
  It is.
  Mark Twain and another one and another one Mark Twain.
  Here we go.
  So so the vibe of it you're talking about.
  Walt's.
  First of all Walt was drunk on the boat but obviously you can only drink a Club 33 in Disneyland.
  Well or he could he had his private stash up in the firehouse.
  Right.
  So so this is really he should have abided by the rules that he set forth because so many people we talk about this all the time are very much like well on Walt's sacred land a drink must not be consumed.
  An adult's libation must not be consumed on Walt's favorite park.
  The way you said that made it sound like you had sprinkled a circle of salt and we're trying to summon him.
  Wouldn't that be so I think we'd be the guys to do it.
  Come back for anybody.
  Yeah.
  He's a drunk.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  No you got that.
  His man his special light.
  And during the pandemic the special light in the firehouse always stayed burning right in the spot on this table where he.
  Spilled glasses all the time and cut his hands on the trip.
  He tripped.
  He tripped and hit his head on this table when he was drunk once and will never forget it.
  It's by the big stain where they couldn't get the denizens chili out.
  Walt's magic chili stain.
  It is stayed burning all over.
  All over his bed.
  We refresh the chili on the stain every night.
  We have a new.
  Pouring one out for Walt Disney and a full can of Gebhard's chili.
  It's chili and then a bottle of black and white scotch right on top of it.
  You have to pour out every bean or he cries in heaven.
  That's right.
  Here's my here's my quote.
  This is what I started fantasizing about and just just go with me on this.
  OK.
  We all know how Walt Disney died or we or we think we know.
  Yes.
  What if what if it was a cover up.
  What if one unfortunate night a few scotches too many with art link litter.
  He did a dive.
  And he ended up in the big thing on the back.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  And he got the stern the stern wheel.
  Yes.
  He got caught in the stern wheel and ground up into little chunks.
  I'll say this much like chili.
  I'll say this though.
  You're falling into the stern wheel and it seems like it could be a really interesting like cartoon presentation.
  Boom boom boom boom boom like over and over again.
  Of course.
  I'm a fool.
  I'm imagining it.
  You getting ground up.
  But that would be in like the propeller of a plane.
  This would be that you get stretched every which way.
  Yeah.
  Like who's who's a beaker like the Muppet Beaker.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  That happened to Walt for like and and then art didn't hear him yelling.
  So they did the entire 20 minute journey.
  He got bent bent up like so much loose dough.
  And that's how Walt Disney passed away.
  God rest his soul.
  You heard it here first.
  You know the real story.
  The truth.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Let's just it's a little late but let's just get our vocab here.
  Right front of the ship bow.
  Yeah.
  Rear stern port is the left when you're looking at the bow and starboard is the right.
  I think that's correct.
  Thank you.
  I heard a little clap so that sounds somebody knows.
  But how does it work when you're on a stage.
  Everything's.
  Stage left stage left stage right down stage up stage.
  I each ports we need to know where stage port is you the captain especially.
  I went on my family to go on a cruise when I was younger and they did tell us about port and starboard and would refer to it when you would ask questions.
  And I was never right.
  I was very nervous that I would get lost on that boat.
  So were they calling they asking questions or this is to tell you where to go if there's a problem.
  Yeah port side starboard side.
  OK.
  But you just never could keep it straight.
  I yeah I still am bad at my middle school theater director would be very mad because I still have to look up stage left and state stage left and stage right.
  Sometimes I fucked it up in that moment.
  So is this being told to you like they're OK in the event of an emergency get to the starboard side or else your parents are toast.
  Oh fuck.
  Oh shit.
  It's like your nightmare.
  I think they were a little more chill probably.
  I think the Norwegian cruise line people would cave at the first side of a child looking confused and upset.
  How many big boats have you been on in your life.
  Are we talking tall ships.
  We talk of big boats because I've been on a fair amount of tall shit when you grow up in the northeast of America.
  There's a lot of fucking day trips to tall ships.
  All right.
  The curse before that.
  Let me first.
  Mother F.
  And there's a cockiest I've ever seen him.
  Philadelphia Baltimore.
  You want to talk about all ships motherfucker.
  I've been on some tall ships.
  Tall ships.
  Can you say when you say tall ships does that mean two stories or more.
  I know like have the big sales have the big.
  Also sales is part of a tall ship.
  Yeah.
  It's not just decks like old ships old old ships.
  So how tall does the sale have to be for the ship to be tall.
  I don't know.
  I can barely tell you about a riverboat.
  It's by the grace of God.
  I'm even here tonight.
  Because I spent a lot of time trying to I spent a good amount of time trying to find that captain certificate boat.
  It was buried in a box.
  Would you not have shown up if you didn't find that.
  They'll know I'm a fraud.
  It'd be bad show.
  And then you're driving.
  You're driving.
  You're like wait which one's the port side of the car.
  I need to turn starboard on Wilshire.
  Jason Jason Jason Jason driving his car.
  That guy cut me off.
  Now that that is a vessel that if you if you jerk the wheel of a Honda Civic it does do something.
  Not like the Autopia.
  Not well the Autopia does something to that's true but it's yeah not like the Mark Twain not like the Mark Twain.
  Yeah like the Mark Twain.
  It is like the Mark Twain.
  It is just to go back to you piloting for a second.
  It is funny that like OK here's just this is another true fact about the Mark Twain.
  This whole that it is on a track and the wheel doesn't do anything.
  It's so funny that you in particular are obsessed with this.
  Like that's the ride.
  That's the one I want to do and I want to be a captain on it.
  Even just in addition to that cast members have called it the floating break room.
  Oh boy that's a little too on game for me honestly.
  Due to how little has to be done to pilot it.
  And I just flashed to like I know there was one episode where we were talking about some show where Mickey Mouse is down on a stage by the castle.
  And then there's a magic trick and suddenly Mickey Mouse is up in the castle and another magic trick and he's back down on the ground again.
  And you were like hey wait a minute that second Mickey does barely anything.
  It's to hang out in that castle and maybe gets paid the same as the Mickey who's hoofing it all day.
  Yeah that's called a sweet gig folks.
  Like that's the one you want.
  This has come up more than once on the podcast.
  Is that Jason notices there's two costume performers for some sort of a magic trick that happens in a show.
  And he makes sure to point out that second performer has the sweetest gig imaginable.
  He's like daydreaming about that second character gig.
  Just like during a performance of like Fantastic or something that second Mickey is just like sitting like this for the whole show.
  Thinking of all the money they're making without putting in any effort and then like oh it's my time okay.
  And then lights down.
  Back to your club sandwich.
  Jason taking a nap in a Mickey head.
  Mickey time of the show.
  Mickey he's not moving.
  What?  Did he die?  Jason.
  What?  Here just wheel me out.
  Just push the desk chair out.
  Somebody wave my arms for me.
  That's what we're saying.
  It's an easy going attraction and I think it's the sign of an easy going day in the park.
  Like if you're on the Mark Twain it is not a rush to get the time to get in the virtual.
  Like it's the epitome of we got time.
  We're relaxing and I think that's something that's great about it.
  It's one of the only like because we everyone knows that Carousel of Progress.
  There's these great slower moving attractions that have air conditioning.
  That's primarily why a lot of the dads like to go on them.
  Not daddies like me.
  I like the show part of it.
  But the Mark Twain is like that version for like if a dad doesn't need the air conditioning and he just wants the relaxed vibe the Mark Twain is perfect for him.
  Is what I'm saying.
  Oh yeah.
  Well it's also a good lifesaver of like we have to do something.
  Everything's broken down or it's backed up.
  Let's go on the Mark Twain.
  That'll chill everyone out.
  The music, the narration, the show scenes, all the animals, you know.
  Except Mike can you bring up the beaver image?  Oh hey that's the 10 o'clock show.
  Listeners you wouldn't believe this was meant for the late ones.
  You can take it off the screen Mike.
  So this you can see this is one of my favorite probably one of the dark darker jokes in Disneyland.
  This is a beaver that you can see from the Mark Twain.
  It is chewing on a railroad beam like post.
  This beaver is Jason's favorite character in fiction.
  Because this beaver is like a stone cold killer.
  Like he could really kill people on that train.
  And it's funny that I don't know I just think it's funny they got it in.
  They got it approved.
  He moves a little.
  You know.
  I also like the dog that's looking at the little fish that are jumping out of the water.
  We don't have a photo of that.
  It's kind of what we don't have a photo.
  You do not have a photo of the dog you can imagine.
  I thought the murder beaver was better to illustrate you know.
  Yeah.
  They really this is how old is this now at this point?  This beaver?  I think this was added back in when they closed it for over a year.
  So we have four or five years at this point?  They closed it for over a year for Galaxy's Edge constructions.
  And trust me they sent letters.
  I got letters.
  What?  They returned.
  What?  I have no idea where this is going.
  Oh I sent letters complaining.
  And I know they got them because I clearly Kathleen Kennedy did not like them because my tires were clearly slashed.
  You sent Kathleen Kennedy letters about this?  I sent them complaining about the closure.
  Oh I see.
  That it's going to make the route shorter.
  You get like ten minutes less of precious mercury.
  You get a little less time but the rock work is immaculate.
  It is immaculate.
  Let's hear it for Rockworks.
  Let's hear it for the Rockworks.
  Well we should talk about that because they drained the river and they shortened the length of the ride.
  I remember you and I at least speaking about the concern that perhaps the Mark Twain was going to go away because we knew they were going to have to bring out some of the, they were going to have to sort of encroach on the land.
  And there was, I remember message boards and there was a lot of panic happening that the Mark Twain was maybe going to go away or it was going to be maybe just docked somewhere and there would be no trip around.
  But thank goodness.
  You were reading about this and ignoring the rise of Trump.
  I'm not a political person okay.
  I'm like Pitbull.
  I call politics, politics.
  Well we all know that old Pitbull, ba-ma.
  Look I've heard him say it twice.
  In interviews or in songs?  Interviews, interviews, interviews.
  Okay.
  So you've watched more than one Pitbull interview.
  I do, I love Pitbull.
  I like Pitbull too.
  I never thought to like check out the behind the scenes features.
  Yeah.
  It's not so much about the music.
  That's one text.
  The other, the interview, that's where you get the real Pitbull.
  Jason, Jason blow the whistle before I start talking about Three to Tango, the video with Pitbull and John Travolta.
  Blow the whistle so we get out of here.
  And, and the wheel.
  Alright, alright.
  The wheel, yay.
  Here we go, here we go.
  Nudging us.
  Just faintly, faintly you can hear Mike in the background.
  Mr.
 Bull, where do you get your gloves?  Where do you get those cool leather gloves?  Mr.
 Bull.
  You know what we, what we gotta, we cannot leave here without talking about decks.
  What's your deck Jason?  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Let's get back to that.
  Oh let's get back to it.
  How do you twain?  Okay.
  The bottom deck.
  Oh.
  Is that your deck?  I think that's the one I like.
  Yeah, that's I think the second deck.
  I like the middle deck.
  I like the second deck.
  The bottom deck has those fun old metal chairs, but it's right in the sun and you don't necessarily have the best view.
  The very top deck is just all sunlight.
  It's kind of brutal on hot days, but that second deck kind of go in and out.
  You get a little shade.
  You step out.
  You see it.
  You get a good view of all the animals and the animatronics and such.
  Well yeah, and you can really, the second, I, oh look I'm a second deck guy.
  It's pretty obvious I think.
  Yeah, yeah.
  No, we could all sit just by looking at you.
  What you really can get, I feel you get the most as far as like theming in addition to, you have a lot of options on the second deck because you can do that.
  Like this little room makes you feel like you're back in time or something like in a different place, but then it's just a couple steps away where you can just lean out on the, like the balcony, whatever the hell that's called.
  Sure.
  Bannister? Do they call it a bannister?  Railing?  Railing.
  I'm tired.
  That was an odd.
  That is an odd.
  Halsetto.
  We were almost falling into a one fathom area and we saved it.
  Getting railing got us back into two fathoms.
  So, so yeah, if you want to have like, you can have, all of the things that make Mark Twain great are on the second level.
  Yeah.
  That's what I think.
  I don't think I prefer any of the, I think I wander.
  I think I like plant in the front enough to say I try to get up in the front, you know, jack and rose it if I can.
  You gotta jack and rose it.
  Yeah.
  And then, you know, then you wander.
  You try to see it from all angles.
  So you're not committal as far as your favorite deck?  Yeah, I think a must is a little bit on the bottom.
  Just a bit.
  But then you're right about the sun and then I like to explore.
  But not so, I think you get to split the difference.
  You know, you have your, it's like half relax and then half wander.
  You can steer if you want.
  I'm asking for my own steer.
  You did caution us.
  You did caution us ahead of time that the steering wheel was very fragile.
  And I think I've been a little anxious about steering.
  But it's holding up very well.
  Here, give it a big old spin.
  I think we'll see what happens.
  And apologies, my parents.
  People in the front rows, get your Gallagher tarps ready.
  I'm gonna spin the wheel.
  Oh, it went 70 miles an hour.
  Yay, look at it go.
  Spin, spin, spin, spin.
  Wait, why'd you stop it?  I'm gonna do it the other way.
  Okay.
  Whoa.
  That's pretty sturdy.
  All right.
  The stakes were high because my parents are watching the live stream.
  And this is my dad's item.
  So if I had destroyed it.
  Their decoration, our mic stand.
  Till we actually record the shows on it.
  But my dad's watching like, okay, I liked it.
  I don't know how I felt about that part about Walt getting ground up into little bits.
  But I liked a lot of it.
  Wait, no, he broke my precious wheel.
  And we never spoke again.
  You'd have to find a 24-hour Long John Silver's to find a new one.
  Jason knows where those are though.
  I just found out there's a Quiznos just south of Los Feliz.
  You spotted him?  Wait, where's the Quiznos?  Huh?  Where is it?  Just south of Los Feliz, die town.
  Like it's.
  Yeah, there's a Quiznos.
  He's blowing mines in the front row.
  Is it new?  I look it up.
  Is it new?  No.
  No, I hear no.
  It's hanging on.
  Quiznos has the oven, right?  Where they put it through.
  Yeah, they have the oven, but they expanded way too fast.
  His tail is old as time.
  Tail is old as time.
  I'm worried Dave's Hot Chicken is gonna do the same thing.
  Well, there is one coming to Burbank though.
  Yeah, the Empire Center, of course.
  Coming to the beautiful Empire Center.
  Of course.
  Hey, hey, hey, get lost.
  Wait a minute, wait a minute.
  Get lost one.
  Hey, look at me, look at me.
  Yeah.
  I am the captain now.
  Oh no, we're going into 80's Beach Boys territory.
  Alright, okay.
  Oh no.
  We're gonna talk about Get Ya Back.
  The pressure was on.
  Dennis was dead and how are they gonna do the drums?  And they used a drum machine.
  It's actually a pretty good song.
  It holds up.
  Oh, he's talking about everything but John Stamos.
  The thing people might know.
  No, no, no.
  Obscure recession musicians.
  That's what I'm after.
  Okay, no, no, I'll relieve you.
  I'll relieve you.
  Wow.
  Oh, thank goodness.
  I'm a little fascinated by the Quiznos to be honest.
  But more in a way of like, I'm not gonna go, but it's like,  what's the mountain lion that died?  P23.
  Hold on, hold on.
  I don't see where this tangent is going.
  That used to be like, ooh, a sighting, like an RIP.
  But you know, now that he's passed, all we have is spotting Quiznos.
  Like, you're saying it's like a rare white elk.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Even better.
  Nature boring.
  The beloved Quiznos has been taken from us.
  Like, that'll be the big article that'll be written.
  About when the aliens write about humanity.
  Yeah.
  They had everything.
  And they destroyed it.
  They had a tiny oven for sandwiches.
  Beep bop bop bop bop.
  That's kind of a robot voice.
  Did you guys come across the voice actors on this ride?  Yeah.
  I think so.
  So the navigational commands are done by two people, Jim Etchinson  and Peter Rennaday, who comes up seemingly every episode.
  He's worked a lot in the theme parks.
  But the thing that struck me, the captain is voiced by a guy named  Stephen Stanton.
  And this is just from Wikipedia.
  Stanton is well known as a voice double for Tim Allen, Nicholas Cage,  John Cusack, Peter Cushing, Robert Downey Jr.
, Roger Ebert, Jeff Goldblum,  Alec Yannis, Clive Owen, Vincent Scavelli, and Bruce Willis, among others.
  So this guy fucking works.
  Pull it back.
  Pull it back.
  Pull it back.
  What needs a Roger Ebert voice double?  Alive or dead, what would need a Roger Ebert?  Yes.
  I'm not sure.
  Was there ever a Siskel and Ebert video game?  They were on the critic, but they did their own voices on that.
  Yes, yes, of course.
  Yeah, you're for the critic.
  So I wonder, yeah, was there.
.
.
  The video game would have been throwing thumbs at movies that were of poor quality.
  Film canisters are flying at them, and only their thumbs can slice them in half.
  I think that people were throwing VHSs at them.
  VHSs, okay.
  VHSs sort of came to life, and they were anthropomorphic, and they had eyes,  and they were flying at them, and then they would just kind of go like this.
  And then they would destroy the VHSs.
  Wow, wow.
  The thumbs are maybe made bigger just to read in a video game.
  Yes, and then you would get a power-up that would make the thumb giant.
  Damn, wow.
  And Roger Ebert refused to do the voice for it.
  It's an unauthorized Siskel and Ebert video game.
  His laws.
  This game rules.
  Is it like Mortal Kombat? Is it bloody?  Yeah.
 Yeah, it is very bloody.
  Tapes bleed.
  Yes, the VHSs bleed.
  What else? Why did that bring the room down, by the way?  Think about those tapes bleeding.
  Too sad.
 It was too sad.
  Too sad.
  You watched it happen in front of you.
  Yeah, we all fell in love with the movies with the VHS tapes.
  The idea of the shell-case Little Mermaid tape bleeding makes me upset.
  No.
  Oh, you got me too.
 You got me with that one too.
  That's why they had those shell cases, so they didn't get caught and bleed.
  That was their armor.
 It was their armor.
  Okay, so let's see what else.
  The shell cases of the VHS tapes armor.
 What else about the Mark Twain?  We do need to start bringing it back to dock.
  Not to already.
 It feels crazy.
  Does anyone have the harmonica music cue that plays at the very end of the ride?  That would have been on you to bring, Jason.
  Are you talking about the audience?  Right before I left the house, I watched a ride through and I was like,  Oh, I really like that harmonica at the end.
 It's very pleasant.
  Yeah, but you're not going to get to hear it.
  Oh, if you heard it.
 It's so good.
 It's so sweet.
  You know, look, it's an important sternwheeler.
  It's an important.
.
.
 Look, if you.
.
.
  Here in Los Angeles, if we want to go on a sternwheeler, that's our option.
  It has to be preserved.
 There was another one.
  Can you pull up, Senatriz?  Yeah, yeah.
  The closest one would have been in Long Beach.
  It was a boat called the Newport Princess.
  And I say would have because this happened last year.
  Oh!  Look at that.
  It's exciting, yeah.
  Sorry, it's been a violent show.
 The tapes and now the Newport Princess.
  For the listener, it's just like.
.
.
  It's sunk.
 It's sinking.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Just the top deck is showing and probably not for long.
  What you can't see is under the water, it's bleeding.
  And I'm drowning.
  But loving it.
  To experience that once in your life.
  Sure.
  Amazing.
 I think maybe there's one more thing to talk about with the Mark Twain and it's this.
  It's done this pleasant journey for many years.
  And that narration is pleasant.
 You see the animals and everything.
  But it's only since the 90s has it been used in this elevated, exciting way.
  Which is as a big centerpiece of the finale of Phantasmic.
  You can pull up a still of that, Mike, if you could.
  Sincerely, how cool is it, this ending?  It's such a nice tribute to classic Disneyland.
  But then they're pulling it into this thing with newer, cooler technology.
  And of course, there is an all-star lineup of characters.
  All waving ribbons.
  Characters who make no real sense together.
  I mean, the Toy Story gang's on the top.
  But then there's Cinderella Mice and maybe I see Pumba in there.
  They're all from different worlds, but they all come together.
  You know, in the shared goal of making a fun ending to a show.
  And it's sad that we're not going to get to see this for a little bit because the dragon burn-up.
  There's probably not going to be Phantasmic for a little while.
  And it makes me sad that there's no way that we could see a big, character-packed, all-star finale to a big show.
  Unless.
.
.
unless.
.
.
  Here's the deal.
 We don't have that exactly.
  What we have are a couple piles of masks.
  And a number of dance ribbons.
  And the way that this all can become a finale, I feel, is with a little bit of help from you, the audience.
  So, alright, let's direct everybody through this.
  Okay, if you want to come up on stage and be part of the big finale, we need four people over here.
  You guys just pick yourselves.
 Show initiative.
 Four in this.
.
.
  Everyone be good! Be good!  Four over here, four over here.
 That's great.
 Okay, okay.
 That's perfect.
  And you can just wait on the sides for a second.
 Watch your step, please.
  And you will see, you guys can look there, you will find your masks and your dance ribbons.
  Pick them up.
 Be mindful of the stage space.
 Don't trip on a wire.
 Don't fall off the stage.
  Wait for the big reveal.
  I think you'll have enough peripheral vision here to get this done.
  So here we go.
 Alright, now that you're getting a sense of who.
.
.
  Alright, so, ladies and gentlemen, here to close out the show, an all-star lineup of the references we make all the goddamn time!  Yeah!  Alright, come on out.
 Just come on out, everybody, at once.
  Guys, you have streamers too.
 Mike and Jason, you keep piloting.
  Oh my gosh! It's all your friends.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Wow, look, who do we have here? Oh my gosh.
 I got to see him in.
.
.
  Okay, wow, we got William Frawley from I Love Lucy.
  We got Jimmy Buffett.
  We got Jimmy Buffett's best friend, Frank Marshall.
  We all know what he looks like.
  We got him.
 Let's save his name.
  We have Mike's favorite, Armand Shimmerman.
  Wow! Wallace Shawn.
  They're part of the story that will never stop being told, never ever, we promise.
  Mike Love from the Beach Boys.
 Give it up, ladies and gentlemen.
  I missed one.
 I think over here we got Michael Eisner.
 That's right.
  And right here, younger, hotter Michael Eisner.
  Yay!  Okay, part ways a little bit so we can see the screen.
 I think there's some more friends showing up.
  Dr.
 Chase Meridian.
  Armand Shimmerman is quark.
  Wow, another Armand.
  Paging Mr.
 Morrow.
  Yeah!  Baby Aladar.
  Gargoyles villain David Zanatos.
  Daniel Roebuck is Grandpa Monster.
  Daniel Roebuck is Jay Leno.
  Johnny Depp and Brian Setzer.
  No!  No, start cheering.
  Michael Eisner wearing a John Cena hat.
  The new Toontown grass.
  The grass! The grass!  The CVS $4 coupon.
  Oh my God!  Jason Sheridan with the fake tuxedo.
  Wow!  He found it!  I hope you're all happy.
  The grand finale is Steamboat John Taffer.
  Yay!  We all love John Taffer.
  All the listeners want an episode about him.
  But it'll have to wait until later because that is our show.
  You survived Podcast the Ride.
  Thank you all of you on the stage.
  You may keep these things.
  You don't have to leave.
 You can keep streaming for right now.
  Hey!  Thanks to Dax, Raven, Misty and everybody here at Dynasty Typewriter.
  Thanks to everybody live streaming at home.
  Thanks Mom and Dad.
 I will return the wheel.
  Even unless Jason is coming, I'm going to have to take it out of his cold dead hands.
  Thank you so much.
 This is so much fun.
 Thanks everybody.
  Thank you!  Enjoy the rest of your night.
 Maybe see you at the next show.
  Alright.
  Thanks again for coming out to Dynasty Typewriter.
 If you got any trash, please take it with you.
  Bye!  you