 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains general pleasantness, an East Coast meat check-in,  freaks and a whole new level of niche beach boys talk.
  All this plus Ian Riccobani joins us to talk Disney World Resort TV.
  Put this episode on an endless loop.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride, a theme park podcast hosted by three men who would love  to see the world presented to them on a TV in a hotel room running in a pleasant loop  over and over again.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  I love that loop.
  We all love, well, any loop maybe.
  Don't you think?  Any loop, yeah.
  Most loops?  But I was definitely a kid who as soon as I walked into a hotel room, I turned on the  television.
  Well, sure.
  Scott Garner here too.
  Did you also have this loop fascination?  Absolutely, and I hope that before I die that my life loops before my eyes.
  half hour of all the best stuff that I could have done and did set to very pleasant music.
  Well, that would be good if it was infinite too, because then it means like you have forever  life.
  Life doesn't end.
  If I could just, wow, okay.
  I think that is my, we're coming out strong on today's topic.
  That's heaven.
  I've described heaven.
  This is how high we are on today's topic that I have just described it as my idea of what  eternal life should be.
  Yes.
  Watching an endless loop of the best possible activities available in my life.
  This is going to come up with our guests and I'll bring them in one second, but it's like  when an artist passes away and their greatest hits goes into circulation and they start  doing different greatest hits, box sets.
  That's what you would get in heaven is just your greatest hits on a loop in your head  forever.
  Geez, cool.
  Which would be awesome.
  Is it going to be weird like some of the Michael Jackson greatest hits where like three of  them aren't me and I'm watching it like this is not, I know my own voice.
  This is not me.
  Yes, there will be those, but you'll be like kind of in the background of the memory and  you'll be like, oh yeah, I did.
  I came in the door during this like weird blow up between two people.
  It's a weird memory that you're seeing, but you go, oh, whoa, I was there, but it was  very brief.
  So that's similar to like, you know, Michael did like write the second verse of this.
  He was involved a little bit.
  I grazed this memory.
  Okay.
  Then it's allowed in the greatest hits.
  Yeah.
  Perfect settled.
  But yeah, we have a lot to get to.
  So let's bring the guest in.
  He's a professional wrestling broadcaster and commentator for New Japan Strong and Ring  of Honor.
  And more importantly, he's a Beach Boys aficionado.
  It's Ian Riccobani.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride.
  Hey everyone.
  Thanks for having me.
  I think the most important is Beach Boy aficionado.
  My son's middle name is Wilson.
  Wow.
  Really?  Wow.
  That's beautiful.
  That's all right.
  Well, that bears that.
  That's like a tattoo that you gave your son.
  Not even to yourself.
  You passed it on to.
  And that's what it is.
  But that's what the Beach Boys are all about, family and generations, you know, harmonizing  together.
  So that's beautiful.
  Yeah, sure.
  And it's all about just remembering the good times, right?  That's my favorite Beach Boys genre is none of their actual hits is the everything that  happened from 1981 to present where it's just talking about how it used to be the good  times.
  I know that is it is a full speaking of greatest hits.
  You could absolutely do an album, a greatest hits album that is just the songs that are  nostalgic for the past, which was so crazy now that their height was like their height  was only like five, six years long.
  And then it's been decades and decades of, hey, remember the good times three years ago?  It started with do it again.
  We got to get back together and do it again.
  And then there's songs that quote, do it again.
  We got to do it again with Barbara and Rhonda.
  Probably no, it's no, not Barbara and Rhonda.
  And they might have Barbara and Rhonda.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Unless they got it wrong.
  They're they're they're all confused.
  But yeah, I know it's like, yeah, nostalgia for themselves has been their brand since  the late 60s.
  It's been incredible.
  I mean, even that song that ended up on Baywatch that was a weird cash grab that was on that  early 90s album that they did Baywatch just to just to remaster.
  I know Mike's Mike's been watching them start to finish in beautifully remastered high  definition.
 No, Scott has me.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 The second time I've confused the the likes and  enjoyments, the first time I reached out to Mike, I was all excited because I thought he  was talking about help.
  The song about the health food restaurant Brian Wilson started.
  Oh, H.
E.
L.
P.
 on the way.
  Yeah.
 Which was the worst turn off so accessible, baby.
  H.
E.
L.
P.
  And then as the address of the of the when Brian Wilson opened a health food store  called the Radiant Radish.
  Yes.
 I don't know how in the world he was the owner of a store.
  How did like just notoriously out of it troubled man and then in the middle of all that,  he ran a store.
  Did he like order the pills and the supplements?  What did that mean that he owned a store?  Which lasted longer than the height of the Beach Boys.
  I think it lasted like five years.
  I think it was open longer.
  I think it was like 68 through 74.
  It was open.
 So really.
  So is Wikipedia should say health food store owner, a musician.
  Yeah.
 I could be giving misinformation.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  That's insane.
 So what really you reached out to Mike hoping to treasure trove of  Beach Boys stuff and only now are we unlocking it.
  And the listeners are reaping the rewards of songs that they have never heard of.
  Well, it may never look up.
  I'm sure they've brought the recent compilation sale on sailor, which is a combination  of the 1972 album and the 1973 album Holland that was just released on Spotify.
  It's great.
 Oh, baby.
  That's that's my sweet spot is the I love Carlin Passions in Holland  and I love the live album in concert from 73 where you got Blondie and Ricky Fetar  in the band.
 So the band is actually good live, maybe for the only time.
  In their history, Dennis Wilson, history for you guys, Dennis Wilson, the drummer  of the band, walked through a plate glass window  and shattered his hand and thus making him not able to drum for the band.
  But he still wanted to go on tour, you know, and get drunk and get laid and everything.
  So they had to hire a different drummer.
  And then he just like stood up in front of the stage with his band bandaged up hand  just like just and he was there just for charm.
  Because they were.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Just to almost like the the mighty, mighty Boston's side  dancer guy, except without the dancing.
 Right.
 Right.
  And Dennis obviously was the sex symbol as identified by Drew Carey  a couple of weeks ago at the Grammy Salute the Beach Boys, to which Mike  Love looked like someone insulted his mother because obviously,  obviously, Mike Love is the sex symbol.
 Yes.
  This is something Scott and I were just talking about a couple of days ago.
  Mike Love's presence on this CBS Beach Boys special from the like balcony.
  Essentially, his Statler and Waldorf esque presence.
  He was literally a Statler and Waldorf in their spot in the theater.
  Yes.
 Watching all these new acts.
  I guess he didn't, you know, make fun of him terribly.
  Maybe after the fact, though, I bet.
 Right.
  You know, we we were talking about I thought he liked  Pentatonix the best because he was like standing for them.
  And he gave a big thumbs up.
  But I don't know if you notice something different  as far as his enjoyment of all the acts.
  He's tough to read because if he's at an event, he plays the game well.
  He plays the game really well.
  So it doesn't matter which administration it is, because, you know,  some people say that, you know, he's with 45.
  But let's not forget it was Ronald Reagan who did not let the Beach Boys  who had to he had to fight his interior secretary  to allow them to play in Washington, D.
C.
 in 1983.
  Yes, indeed.
 Yeah, because they brought the wrong elements.
  The Beach Boys did an annual concert in Washington, D.
C.
  and it was canceled by James Watt in the Reagan administration, who said,  No more of this.
  We're getting some family friendly entertainment.
  Wayne Newton will be doing it.
 Oh, wow.
  Kicking off a giant controversy.
  Everybody was furious at James Watt.
  You know, like the the only correct case of anger at anyone  in the Reagan administration, otherwise flawless.
  Eight year run and the only time anybody got anything wrong.
  But then it then it led to great footage of all the Beach Boys  showing up, hanging out with the Reagans and Dennis drunkenly,  sweatily hanging off of Nancy.
  Just like just sweat, drip a puddle forming at Nancy Reagan's feet  as this man in the final throes of his life soon to drown.
  Hanging out of the White House with our first lady.
 Wow.
  Now, and now, Scott, you're you may be more of an expert than I am.
  Was that the same clip where he goes where he just yells his name  uncontrollably during the introductions?  I had never seen that.
  You sent that to me.
  I was I was trying to do some the backlog of when did when have we  interacted on Twitter before about the Beach Boys?  And that was one where the bands all introducing themselves.
  Hey, I'm Al Jardine, I'm Bruce Johnston.
  And then he gets to the mic and just goes, yes.
  It was the the the Miss World yelling France of its day.
  The Howard Dean moment.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  It bridged the gap.
  That was the great yell of the 80s.
  Then then Dean took it over.
  So many great yells over the years.
  Wow, Scott, how does this feel?  Because we've teased long teased you doing a full Beach Boys podcast.
  Does this feel like cathartic in a way to keep to say this out loud on a microphone?  Mainly look, am I am I thinking about the listener  who grew tired of this in the first minute? Absolutely.
  But am I also thinking of the episode after episode slog  of hearing about the perfect albums by Green Day and Brian Setzer  and Aerosmith, the bad boys?  I feel like I've earned this.
  I'm not going to milk it, though.
  I'm going to step away.
  We don't have to do this forever.
  But, you know, although maybe we should just go straight into an after show  when all is said and done.
  But you know what?  I'm I'm going to take it and I'm going to milk it.
  Well, I'll let Ian, if you want to have just for now,  have a closing thought on the Beach Boys, not that I can't come back  during the episode, but I was going to.
  You sent me a video earlier today that you wanted.
  You said you wanted to be played on the podcast periodically.
 Oh, sure.
  So, Brett, there's the file is called Love.
  If you could queue that up.
  Yes, this is Christmas.
  And this is just a little a little snippet.
  Yeah, obviously, this is my favorite beach.
  But I think it's everybody's favorite beach boy.
  It's it's Mike Love.
  So that's my that's going to be my next child's middle name.
  So Mike Love, all one word.
  I'm going to mine.
  I'll call them love, but they're named after Jennifer Love Hewitt.
  Oh, very good.
  Yeah.
 OK, OK.
  My favorite of mine is a young young man.
  That's what you've alluded to.
  Well, you had the answer this when we were talking about who is  who's Hollywood's leading man and leading lady today off of those posters.
  And you had Jennifer Love Hewitt so in the tank ready to go.
  Yes, it was Chase Meridian and Jennifer Love Hewitt.
  Here we go.
 This is the clip.
  Oh, boy.
 Yes.
 OK, Mike.
  I knew it was going to be this Mike Love.
  Very if you don't know the whole history, the cockiest man on the unit  in the universe.
  And this is him on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.
  I am very much a ladies man.
  I admit to that.
 Yes.
  Life in prison as ladies, man, just imprison me with a few ladies.
  That's all I ask.
  No, it's true.
 I do like girls.
  He does.
 He committed to the hat thing a long time ago.
  Yeah, he may have forcibly committed to the hat thing due to his early baldness.
  I just was looking at a photo in 2012 when they sang the national anthem  at a Dodgers game, and it was it's the only time I think I've seen him  without a hat.
 Oh, yeah.
  In decades and decades, like only only for America.
  Will he allow his bald head to be seen?  Well, yeah, I've only I just recently saw a photo of little  Stephen Van Zandt without his like trademark bandana around his head.
  Shocker.
 Yeah, shocker.
  I don't know.
 I forget even where I saw it.
  It was probably like taken away like the lawyers from the East Street  Band probably got it removed from the Internet promptly.
  This is what sleaze merchants allowed took this photo.
  This is like upskirt photos back in the day.
  Shock.
 That's not that's like against.
  He needs to give you express written consent.
  The nude leaked pictures, people's nudes leaked.
  Same situation as little Stephen not having his bandana on in a photo.
  Yeah, I got an RAR file.
  It's a bunch of pics of little Stephen without  you got 65 pics.
  I will turn you in, but no, give it to me.
  Give me the hard drive.
  Sands Band pics.
  How could they do that to the producer of Southside Johnny's?  I don't want to go home.
  Of course.
 Well, right.
  Ian Cole writer, co-writer as well.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, you're checking everybody's boxes, including with your  as discussed before we started recording your background of Phillies banners.
  You're aiming to please all of us individually.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 So thank you for that.
  Before we start, we will talk about at least a little bit about  Disney World Resort TV today.
  But is there any Ian, you've been a longtime supporter of our show.
  And we'd like to thank you for that.
  Are there any gripes you have?  Are there any sort of other thoughts you've had recently  that you want to like lay into us about?  We're here.
 We're ready.
  We'll take it.
 You know.
  Wow.
 I think I I went through a period last year  where my wrestling future was in doubt because, you know,  it was unclear where Ring of Honor would go.
  And thankfully, Tony Khan bought us the owner of a W.
  So at that time, I released all my gripes.
 I wrote them down.
  Most of them had to do with with your old pal, Grandpa.
  But not not Al Lewis.
  Most of them had to do with you bringing up the new grandpa monster.
  And you see he.
 Oh, oh.
  Yeah, he's he.
  I have a long time running rivalry with him, but only in my head  because he's like the local celebrity here in the area.
  I'm from Allentown, Pennsylvania.
  He's from the Bethlehem area, kind of a sister city.
  You talk about Daniel Roebuck, Daniel Roebuck, fake Jay Leno.
  And he on the hospital my sister works on.
  There's see, I'm so angry.
  I can't even formulate thoughts.
  I'm usually professional.
  I'm sorry.
 Yeah, I get it.
  They put these photos of the covid-19 vaccine.
  It was very exciting.
 Get your vaccine.
 We have them here.
  They had Larry Holmes, heavyweight champion of the world.
  Amanda Seyfried, Daniel Roebuck.
  And really, oh, yeah.
 Yep.
  So I just say that's the level.
 Wow.
  Yeah.
 He's that big.
  I wait.
 So then do you but do you have an issue with that?  Or is it like professional jealousy?  100 percent professional jealousy.
  Yeah, I'm just jealous that, you know, they're not talking about  Ring of Honor enough in the morning, the Allentown morning call  in the Salisbury press that circulates in the township.
  You know, that's that's all I'm I'm jealous of.
  You know, do you ever just go to the famous Allentown rest stop?  Very large rest stop there.
  And just listen to see if anyone like, oh, did you see Ring of Honor?  Did you watch Honor Club this week?  Or or are they all just like, did you see Daniel Roebuck's Instagram?  Yeah.
 100 percent.
  Are they at the Bethlehem, the casino that used to be a steel mill?  All right.
 And where they're all talking about Roebuck.
  I I bet, you know, I try and keep myself again, you know,  uncertain times, I tried to keep myself stress free.
  I just tried to just try to rein it in that Allentown rest stop.
  Really, I'll tell you what, it gets under my skin.
  I collect magnets when I went out to Disneyland.
  I ended up with 4000 of them.
  Every city I go for AEW, a ring of honor, New Japan.
  I get the magnet at the airport.
  The Allentown rest stop does not have Allentown magnets,  which is probably the only rest stop I've ever been to  that does not have its major city.
  So I personally I personally confronted the Allentown mayor about this  to have some political injunction so that we can get some Allentown pride around here.
  Wow.
 Did he respond?  He did.
 He's great.
  OK.
 Oh, he said.
  He said there's nothing he could do, but he took the time to respond to me.
  So that's not in the May.
  I feel like if you what's the thing that like the Defense Act,  like what was supposed to be invoked to get all the vaccines made?  I couldn't even devote it.
 Couldn't see.
  Couldn't he invoke some kind of state that like, all right,  everybody who's not working, get to work and start making defunct  like plants, plants that usually make like war weapons that are now not working  or now retrofitted to make magnets for Allentown.
  I think that should be nationwide.
  But if there was if there were less weapons and more fun  souvenir magnets from Allentown, yes.
  My.
 Yeah, OK.
 Yeah, it can be.
  Well, yeah.
 All right.
 It's all Allentown.
  Well, they've had such a drought for so long that demand has been.
  They deserve it.
 Yeah, yeah, you're right.
  And it makes sense.
 All right.
  So people in Washington, Oregon and Kentucky and all over  will be making Allentown magnets.
  Well, and I'd also all of our listeners around this area.
  Could you stop talking about Daniel Robuck and talk about Ian Riccobani, please?  Thank you.
 That's what the we're calling for today is just I know you're going to.
  I know you want to talk about Daniel around the table,  but give it a rest for a few weeks.
  Get Ian's name out there.
  You know, he's very good at what he does.
  So, yeah, I call on everyone there and around the nation.
  Change the conversation.
  Yeah.
 Jason, could you talk to your family?  Yeah, I'll put a call in.
  OK, because we need a little bit more in and a little less, Daniel.
  But it doesn't count if they just like they have to go to a public place.
  His Jason's family has to like go out and that's not about it.
  That's not it.
 That's not going to happen.
 OK.
  I'm just saying it doesn't get they can't if they do it in their house.
  Nobody's going to hear unless they're shouting out of the house.
  Well, they could shout out of the house.
 Yeah, sure.
  OK.
 They're going to scream our guest Ian's name out the window  of their window to increase his public profile.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 We'll do.
  Well, I like that.
 We'll do.
  So, yeah.
 OK.
  So if grandpa is the number one thing and we've we've addressed it,  let's talk a little bit about Walt Disney World Resort TV.
  Ian, you're a massive theme park guy.
  So much so that we used a YouTube video a few weeks ago that you posted.
  I didn't even realize it until Scott pointed it out  that you had posted the dinosaurs MGM Studios.
  I don't know, Parade Float little show, what you would call it.
  But kind of a show, kind of a parade that's  that's only documented by like two or three YouTube users.
  And as I'm looking at it, like, wait a minute.
  And he's supposed to be on the show soon.
  Amazing.
 Thank you for thank you for your work.
  I guess your mom's work.
  Doc, yeah, Shelley Riccobani.
  She she used Jason's Jason style, rise and grind.
  When we went to the theme park,  my my dad, my dad worked like 60 to 80 hours a week.
  And we I was a spoiled kid.
  We had everything we could ever ask for.
  Right.
 But it was because my dad worked so much.
  My mom worked 40 hours a week.
  Manager McDonald's in Allentown, shout out, I'll tell you again.
  But the the big thing was when we went to Disney World,  we were going to get our money's worth.
  So my dad had it scheduled, but he let my mom pick the tent pole events.
  So before FastPass, before everything else, you looked at the schedule.
  You saw when the parades were.
  And God darn it, we were going to make all of them.
  So that's why that's why there's such great parade footage.
  Ace Ventura, MGM Studio footage.
  It's all on my YouTube page.
  I found I went on your YouTube and I found the playlist of vintage  Disney home movies.
  See, and you see you really you're the one of the main sources,  not just on dinosaurs, but yes, that that Ace Ventura show of like  there's a Toy Story parade, the Aladdin parade.
  There's a kind of obscure.
  Oh, I mean, not obscure, but just that you posted it with a full photo.
  The full title, 1992, MGM Studios, Walt Disney Resort, Muppets on location,  Days of Swine and Roses.
  Yeah, you get full proper title of this Muppet, the show where the Muppets  were suited characters, not puppets.
  It was pretty cool.
  And I remember there's one that that we definitely have that  that we haven't been able to find.
  It's of the Ninja Turtles.
  And it wasn't quite a show, but they were out and about.
  And there was music blasting and they would meet people and take pictures.
  And they had the stampers instead of the autographs.
  They have the stampers.
  Oh, yeah.
  So we have one of those laying around somewhere, too.
  We just haven't found it yet.
  But you could thank Shelley and Rick Ibbani for all that.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  And I do.
 Yes.
 Thank you for all these.
  But this was a this is all second gate stuff.
  So to fill in main gate listeners to to like more obscure topics  we've covered on the second gate are things that you've just mentioned  that you've posted this live show with the characters from Dinosaurs,  the ABC show, and then a live show.
  Strangely, weirdly in Disney of Ace Ventura,  like a little mini stunt show with Ace Ventura, Pet Detective.
  We were debating these actually on the second gate.
  Which one gives you which one was better?  Which one gives you more of what you want out of the IP?  And you might be the only one qualified of the four of us here.
  You did watch all of them and posted the videos and had a chance to rewatch.
  Can I give you this little versus Ace Ventura show versus Dinosaurs show?  It's without a doubt Dinosaurs.
  I mean, they are we go.
  What the pictures don't quantify or capture  and the video doesn't quite capture is just how larger than life  and how cool it was to see Earl to see the baby.
  There was something that whole trip for me, I was five years old, was a was a blast.
  I remember that's some that's pretty much my earliest memories of anything  where I remember it crystal clear.
  There's something something clicked in my brain and was like, yep, this I'm going to remember this.
  And I remember that was one of the last things we did before we left the park,  before we checked out of the hotel.
  And it was just absolutely incredible.
  The float was actually pretty big because they reuse the same float over time.
  They reused it for some other parade.
  So if you would ever see it in MGM, it was actually quite big, even as an adult.
  I ended up seeing it.
  But I just remember the costumes.
  I remember thinking, yeah, these are the dinosaurs.
  And I didn't have that same feeling with Mickey or with Goofy or Pluto.
  I kind of knew I kind of knew the kayfabe of Mickey, Goofy, Pluto.
  But I was like, no, those those are the dinosaurs.
  Those are absolutely who I see on TV every week.
  Wow.
 Good point.
  Yeah, this this this is you're putting Mike in a losing position here.
  You were arguing the point of Ace Ventura, which I was saying is one of my least  favorite things we've ever I found it so monotonous.
  Covered some drek.
  We certainly have.
 Yeah.
  Well, but I love some of the dress.
  Some of the shirt, a lot of the drek I celebrate.
  Was the Ace Ventura live show not good?  Am I am I under rating it?  It was OK.
 I remember my brother liking it a lot.
  He's eight years older.
  I would have been out of an eight, seven or eight at the time, I think.
  My brother was probably 15, 16.
  So it was more his speed.
  You can hear my dad chuckle.
  You can hear my dad really.
  I think it's for the dads, honestly.
  Yeah, my dad.
 This makes a lot of sense.
  More mature viewers like the Ace Ventura thing.
  People that were a little more sophisticated, like Aces show at MGM Studios  versus the dinosaurs, which is more juvenile, I think.
  This is a hell of a way to put down five year old Ian.
  Well, look, I just I'm trying to save a bit of face here with my opinion,  which is still correct, sadly.
  That's what I'm determining now.
  It's not me for us.
  Sadly, yeah, for everyone else.
  I'm right.
 Always.
 Yeah.
  One against three.
  One one completely defeats three.
  One does defeat three.
  It's the ultimate handicap match.
  Yes.
  Sorry, that cut you off.
  Were you saying something, Ian?  No, no, I was only going to add that  there that same trip that I saw Ace Ventura actually was in the  Honey, I Shrunk the Kids play area.
  There's I have a video of that from the previous trip, the dinosaur trip.
  But in the one where we saw Ace Ventura actually knocked down Sting's child,  the wrestler Sting in the play area.
  He started I started crying.
  He was fine.
 He got up, ran away.
  Sting came over and I didn't.
  This is this shows you what a what kind of a kid I was.
  I didn't understand that he that it was Sting because he didn't have his makeup on.
  He had his flat top, but he didn't have the makeup on.
  He didn't.
 And my mom goes, Ian, are you OK?  Check if the little boy's OK.
  Oh, Ian, that's Sting.
  And I was like, no, it's not.
  And she goes, yeah, come over.
  So she walked me over and I get a good look at him.
  And I notice it is Sting.
  It is I start to get it.
  And I just start crying even more.
  I don't want to bother him.
  And now I now I work with him.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  This is terrible.
  And he would tell him that story.
  No, God, no.
 And I actually  I actually briefly briefly spent some time with him on Thanksgiving Eve.
  We went back to the hotel together.
  I don't know Sting very well.
  He's a super cool dude.
  Super nice.
 His family's great.
  As I've come to learn later  when I'm not physically assaulting them in a theme park.
  But yeah, he's he's he's a cool dude.
  I've not yet told him that.
  Which does mean you've met the kid.
  I've met his wife as strange as that sounds.
  She's a super talented person  that I've worked with in different aspects.
  But I've not yet met Garrett.
  No, that would be what.
  But, you know, you do know his name.
  That's a crazy way to like, yeah, awareness  to have of just a kid you bumped into in 1992.
  Nice to see you.
  I bodied you in 1992.
  I don't know if you recall  is by the big Kodak film canister.
  Yeah, it was by the end.
  I remember I was goofing around by the end and I jumped off and yeah.
  So you jumped off the top rope.
  Yeah, which I've done in a ring.
  I've done in a ring of honor ring.
  My only match.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So you were down there to see pro wrestling, right?  Or was or did you?  No, it's crazy because just just random luck.
  They were filming Thunder in Paradise.
  They were filming WCW.
  They were right.
 All kinds of stuff.
  Every reason for staying to be there.
  My dad called the Grand Floridian because he heard  that's where everyone was staying.
  And he said, hey, is Hulk Hogan staying there?  And they actually told him he was.
  They actually told him.
  They blew.
 They just blew his spot.
  They said, yeah, he's here.
  All the wrestlers are here.
  And he won his room number.
  I don't know.
 My dad's a sweetheart.
  Hates wrestling.
  But he wants chase down Lex Luger in a limo for me.
  And he wants called the Grand Floridian to see if Hulk Hogan was.
  Wow.
 How do we how do I know it doesn't feel like one of these things  that didn't change until after 9 11 that I know these feel like completely  unrelated avenues, but it doesn't.
  Don't you feel like that is true?  That somehow one of the residual effects of September 11th was now  a hotel will not tell you of that famous wrestler is staying there.
  If you a stranger calls.
  Yeah, I think you can still check in under and assumed like, hey, could you put  here's my credit card and ID and everything, but could you list the  the occupancy as like Alan Smith or whatever?  I don't know.
 I think that I think that was outlawed nationwide post 9 11.
  I think that Sudan are gone across the board.
  No, that's not true.
  But to be one hell of a way to combat terrorism.
  You know how you know how they got the jump on everybody.
  Fake names.
  Do you think true? Yeah.
  If Hulk Hogan checks in now, he goes under his thunder and paradise character name.
  Hold on.
 It's loading a Randolph J.
  Hurricane is that is not.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  I know Mr.
  Hogan is not staying here, but there is a certain Randolph J.
  Hurricane, if you'd like to meet him.
  Also, Chris Lemon is staying here.
  No, no interest.
 That's fine.
  You know, I'm all right.
  What have you never heard of him?  No, no, no.
 I've seen him many times on the show.
  I do not want to meet Chris Lemon.
  Real quick, you know what?  We were talking about this, too.
  You are working at Universal Studios now currently.
  Yeah, I'm a theme park attraction kind of sort of weird.
  But it's tons of fun.
  I have access to maybe one of the cooler things ever.
  And it's one of those things where sometimes you don't want to see how the sausage is made.
  But going backstage on the sound stages and the backlots  to see the performers on stilts, to see the Mardi Gras folks,  to see the different parades and things is really incredible.
  It's a really top notch organization.
  Yeah.
 So so, yeah, you're doing you're doing Ring of Honor.
  Once a month, a couple of times a month.
  Yeah, just about once a month these days.
 Yeah.
  And you're shooting it inside one of the Orlando sound stages that like  can you can you tell us, is it secret?  Is it but up to like City Walk?  How close is it to the hard rock?  How close is it to the hemisphere dancer?  If if I'm if I'm  if I have my geography right, when I look out, it looks like where the  islands of adventure, Jason's favorite area.
  I'm with the obelisk in the middle.
  Oh, right.
 There was just an episode on it.
  You can you can see that port of entry.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Port of entry.
  Got it.
 Jason took the obelisk off the table, refused to acknowledge it  within the well.
 We didn't talk about obelisks at all  because there's no obelisks at play.
 It's a lighthouse.
  Oh, man, Ian.
  No, Ian, that's fine.
  You're not you're a guest.
 You're a guest here.
  I think in a vague shape sense, you could call it an obelisk in the Vegas.
  It's the weenie.
 It's the park.
  It's the weenie.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And we can all agree on that, that it is a weenie.
  So in relation to this weenie,  you're saying you're how where can you see is there a window  where you see it out the soundstage?  So we can see we can see the Seuss land to our right.
  What the craziest part was was the announcers get a trailer there.
  So I had this nice trailer with like Pac-Man and like a full oven  and stove and TV and it was pretty neat.
  They it was it was pretty cool.
  So I walk out of this trailer.
  I would take a look and I'd see the the Dr.
 Seuss rides on my right  and then sort of directly in front would be the lighthouse.
  So it puts us kind of in the if you're walking into the park,  it would almost be like straight on kind of islands of adventure  if my geography is right now.
  I've only been to islands in ninety nine.
  Like we went we went there in ninety nine or two thousand  shortly after it opened.
  And then twenty twenty during the pandemic, I took my  I'm a very responsible father.
  I took my both my children and my wife during  a international pandemic to a theme park.
  But those are the you know, those are the only two times  I've been inside islands of adventure.
  Jason's about to press end on this zoom window.
  Jason is seething.
  You get those numbers up or you're gone.
  Yeah, I see the rage.
  You know, you take an extra day, you know, you ask Mr.
  Khan like, hey, can I fly back two days after we finish?  You know, I'll get the ticket myself.
  You have Tony Khan, Tony or Tony and Shot Khan.
  Gotcha.
 Yeah.
  The ultimate guy, the ultimate guy, in my opinion.
  Oh, really?  And yeah, so so that's pretty cool.
  I mean, is there I don't want to we'll edit this out.
  Are you can you could you just walk right into the park?  Is that possible? An arrangement?  I think there's an arrangement you can add.
  There was a spot in the in the group email  and the prep email that said for for ticket information.
  OK, please contact someone.
  So I do think there is a element of either complementary  or severely discounted tickets at play.
  Yeah.
 OK, so you don't we wouldn't have to.
  You wouldn't have to like find a hole in a fence and sneak under it.
  You could just we were explicitly warned not to do that, that we would.
  There would be professional fines and suspensions for real.
  And not just the television.
  If we snuck in.
  So they have cracked down on that at Universal Studios Hollywood, too,  because you could just walk into the theme park from the back lot  like many years ago.
  And now there's giant like fake hedges  because it's it's the Jurassic World and the exit from Nintendo.
  So it's all blocked off now.
  You can't just kind of I think you can get back there if you work there.
  But like it's not like just like a big open gate.
  You can just sort of wander into.
 Right.
  You need a jet pack or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Rocket shoes.
 All right.
  Well, it sounds like you have the opportunity and the option, which is nice.
  Right.
 Have you dined at City Walk recently?  Or is it sort of in and out to do the job?  So it's funny you mention that because City Walk,  my brothers lived in Orlando since 2003.
  So while I've not been to Islands of Adventure, but more than twice,  I've been to City Walk probably two or three dozen times.
  I love numbers.
  Yeah, we like that.
  These are Pizer Puckets for numbers.
  Yeah.
 My wife and I are big, our big Disney heads.
  You know, we take the we take the kids down, but even it's like having  your favorite candy, you can have your favorite candy too many times.
  Sometimes you just need to mix it up.
  You need to get some carob cake like like Brian Wilson sang on on HLP.
  On his about the radiant radish.
  Yeah.
 I end up with a ripply chin.
  What a condition is that?  Yeah.
 So we'd mix it up.
  If there was a free night, we'd obviously go to Margaritaville.
  I've been to Margaritaville many times.
  And we used to go to the NBA restaurant.
  We went to the NBA store and then the hard rock is right next to it.
  So we've we are City Walk veterans.
  And I used to go see Impact Wrestling there.
  So my my summer's home from college.
  I'm from Pennsylvania, but my brother is down in Orlando.
  I'd go visit my brother and I would drive, drive over and  and see Christopher Daniels, Samoa Joe, the folks I work with now.
  So it's it's a very small world.
  It's weird how all of it interconnects.
  Wow.
 Where was the impact tapings?  It was in pretty much the same sound stages.
  Oh, wow.
 OK, so that is the place.
  Like, that's the wrestling place for decades now.
  I guess.
 Yeah.
  There was a weird small one called the AWF in 93.
  Before that, there was one by Eddie Mansfield  that Kevin Kelly got his start in.
  Billy Gunn got his start in that one, too, at a universal.
  That's forever ago, then.
  Yeah.
 Sorry, I just that was insulting to Kevin.
  No, we'll edit that out.
  I don't want them mad at me.
  Wow, man, that's cool.
  So, yeah, we're really we're we're the city walk thing.
  It's like Islands of Ventures, sure.
  But city walk.
 Yeah, that's yeah, that's our vibe, as you know.
  So absolutely.
  Which I'm glad we're we're in agreement on that one.
  But not and just really quick, though, to back up to something you said,  you said in front of Mike and Jason, sometimes you can get sick  of your favorite candy and need to mix it up and have something else.
  Well, he was talking.
  This is this is a strange observation.
  He was saying like metaphorically, because he was literally talking about candy.
  I would have been furious.
 OK, OK.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You just put other candies in the bulk candy bag to mix it up.
  Oh, you don't need to know.
  As long as you're replacing it with other candy.
  All right.
 All right.
 Yeah.
  I figured that could have been a controversial statement.
  Right.
 Yeah, no, it is.
  But I think he was sort of using it in a very like ethereal.
  I mean, not a specific candy based argument.
  Yeah, yeah.
 So I'm less upset about it.
  But now you're talking about it, maybe I will be upset.
  Came on and I'm really ruffling feathers.
  I'm so kindly.
  You're so kindly told Allentown in Bethlehem to shout my name from the  from the rooftops out the window.
  Well, I'm picking fights.
  So, you know, it's OK.
  We're trying to mix it up here.
  We're going to keep it keep it lively.
  It's like Club Random.
  It's look, we say a lot of you're saying a lot of a hot topic  opinion here, OK? And that's what's happening.
  We're basically doing a club random here as far as the opinions are concerned.
  You know, you're you're a guy used to like helping set up feuds  and angles and stuff, and it feels like you're trying to build them on this show.
  Now, too, it's just second nature to you.
  That's true.
 Absolutely.
  Yeah.
 And that's the play, too.
  And you got to get so ingrained with it.
  Like I made Chris Jericho so mad that I feuded with him on AEW for about 12 weeks.
  So it helps publicity wise.
  Did I take a beating? Did I get slapped in the face? Yes.
  Do I did that?  Was that horrible and was it embarrassing to my family and my friends? Yes.
  But I was on I was on television and got to feed one of the greatest of all time.
  Sure.
 Sure.
  But that was 12 weeks where he could have been lurking around  any corner with a belt at any time.
  And I assumed he was.
 I really did.
 Sure.
  Sure.
 And well, by the end of this podcast, I don't know.
  I may slap Jason in the face.
 Oh, OK.
  I said may.
 I didn't say it was going to happen.
  Not guaranteed.
 But it's possible.
 Sure.
  We've never gotten physical as far as being upset with each other on the podcast yet.
  Yet.
 So I don't think we've ever gotten physical in real life,  because I feel like that's one I would lose.
  Maybe.
 I don't know.
 OK.
  Well, I've never seen you in a fight of like a real fight.
  So neither have I.
  Well, that's true.
  I mean, I used to backyard wrestle and then we used to like fight with each other.
  But it was never like fists.
  We were not like punching each other.
  So and watch out if there's any tennis rackets anywhere nearby,  because this is Mike is the master of.
  I've been playing a little tennis in my golden years.
  So I am in.
 Yeah, I'm in good condition.
  Yeah.
 Other than that.
  But you'll switch to pickleball soon enough.
  Well, I'm dying to do pickleball.
  That's the hottest game.
 Have you heard? It is hot.
  Yeah.
 People are playing this.
  It's like tennis, but it's easier, I think.
  I think it's easier on the joints.
 Yeah.
  Parents can't stop talking about it.
  My parents can't stop talking about it.
  There you go.
 All right.
  We got it.
 We got to talk a little.
  Disney World Resort TV.
  This is a topic you brought up, Ian, which is a great topic.
  Something we've talked a little bit about on the show, but haven't like  we haven't gotten into it as much as we probably should have at this point.
  So, yeah, if you want to talk about like your affection for this,  just to start us off.
  Sure, I'd love to.
  And I want to give a shout out quick,  you know, for fun and lightheartedness.
  Obviously, podcaster I had to place to be for a little bit,  a tiny bit of history, more academic.
  I go to retro WDW.
  Hal Bowers is a guy there who's inside and out, knows everything about Disney World.
  So I got with Hal and said, hey, when did this start?  And he said about 1973 was the first time that they had ever kind of  written anything down about the resort TV.
  So it was pretty much there from the start.
  Channel five was the resort channel and channel one was a radio station  through the TV.
  So somewhere along the way, channel one became the bulletin board,  maybe the radio station, the combination of both.
  And then channel five became the resort TV we know and love.
  And I really take to it like when you go to a baseball game  and you see you go to Citizens Bank Park and you walk in  and then you walk, you're walking toward your seat  and it's the first time you see a glimpse of anything.
  It's the first time you see what you came to see.
  And it's that magic feeling and magic moment.
  So I think it was Jason who said, when you get in the room,  you turn on the TV.
 And that's what I did.
  And some of my earliest memories of going to Disney World  are the flying Dumbo are going on Big Thunder Mountain with my dad  for the first time or the dinosaurs parade.
  And then actually the resort TV.
  And it's something where it has that pleasant  Ville effect, which you don't really realize until later,  where not so much not so much now because now there's full cable in the room.
  But but back the first time we stayed in the Disney World Resort in 1992,  we stayed in the Disney Inn RIP.
  I think they just call it something else now.
 But  they the shades of green, I think.
  But the Disney Inn at the time, you got like two channels.
  You got like the radio station, which was the bulletin board.
  You got the Disney Resort TV and then maybe ABC  or maybe PBS or maybe Fox.
  Like you really didn't get much.
  I didn't say this.
 Yeah.
 This is new context to me.
  Yeah.
 So when when you were there, Mike, it just it just really you felt  you felt kind of stuck, but also willingly  willing to be ingratiated, willing to be a part of the scene there.
  Yeah, it is funny.
  And I'll play I have just a clip like if people don't know what we're talking  about, just like the vibe of it.
  But it is very much watching it now.
  I go, oh, this is like like the kids are like stuck in a reprogramming camp  or something where they're becoming super soldiers.
  And it's like you're watching a video of like, hello, welcome.
  We will be training you to turn into killing machines.
  And you're like, this is awesome.
  Like just the pleasantness.
  Any sort of context or any sort of like any sort of message would be  you would be responding well to it.
  The way they present the information and the visuals, which, Brett,  if you could, I have a resort TV intro movie  just like this.
 It's so it's just a wash.
  Yeah.
 Washes over you of like, oh, my God.
  And it's very dry, especially in the early years.
  Yes.
 In the 90s, they start to make it a little more dynamic.
  To which I say, all right, easy now.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So, no, show us the rides and what there is.
  This is 94s in room resort TV.
  So, yeah, whenever you.
  Welcome to the Walt Disney World Resort.
  43 square miles of nonstop excitement for everyone.
  There's almost no end to the things you have to look forward to.
  And you've chosen a wonderful time to visit.
  You'll find fabulous fun, spectacular entertainment  and brand new attractions all over the Walt Disney World Resort.
  Here's a quick look around the world to help you see the most,  get the best value and have a vacation dream come true.
  I mean, and then the Disney MGM Studios,  the most popular movie and TV studios in the world.
  See a star and be a star as you thrill to great attractions  and see real production in the works.
  Reach the height of.
  And yeah, like it just like, yes.
  And remember, you will kill without remorse.
  Don't worry, that part of your brain will be excised.
  And you're like, yes, good, right.
  It's so pleasant.
 It's so it's so amazing.
  I feel so much more relaxed.
 Yeah.
  For watching it.
  And just just to be really clear, if you're staying anywhere  on property, any actual Disney World Hotel.
  And at this point, you know, it's not like Ian was saying now.
  Now you have cable, you have a lot of channels, a lot of which are Disney  related channels that are exclusive to there.
  But the main thing is there's always been at least one channel  devoted to this half hour loop that is telling you all the things  to do around the world and, you know, shining light on some of the less  famous thing.
 You know, you came here for the parks,  but maybe you don't know about the recreation or the nightlife.
  And these.
 Yeah, I absolutely.
  A key part of vacate these vacations for me like you could because it  it means that the magic doesn't end when you go back to your room.
  You can go back and watch footage of all the rides that you went on  and footage of all the rides you're going to go on tomorrow.
  It's just a perfect way to like keep you locked in.
  Like I never have to break this mode.
  I can just stay here.
 Right.
 Tire vacation long.
  And it was sometimes like practical.
  Like that's how we would find out about if we somehow miss  announcements of new things in Disney magazine,  Disney Adventures, the Wonderful World of Disney, the Disney Channel.
  If we somehow still miss a video that came to you in the mail,  a vacation planning video every year, inevitably,  because we sent away for it every year.
  The Burn Bombs guide.
  We all we all had seven opportunities to learn everything  that there was to do with the resort.
  But if you missed any of those, then this is your list.
  You can you can catch it here.
  Yeah.
 But also if you just like, yeah, like you were saying,  footage of the rides, nicely edited footage that it's not  it's not like now where like YouTube, you can construct  a Zapruder film of a ride.
  You can see any ride night or day, any angle you want.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 One of the points that they really emphasized in the early ones,  the earliest one on YouTube, I think, is from 81.
  It's with Susan.
 We all have Susan.
  Susan's the best.
  But there there's a couple that are floating around on the  on the black tape trading market from seventy five, seventy six.
  Not on YouTube, but Susan really emphasizes  it's a two day park.
 Now, to Jason's point,  there were times in my life when I was a kid where we went just about every year.
  My grandparents lived in Florida.
  My mom loved Disney.
 My dad put up with it.
  We had a good time.
  But we didn't always get on the rides we wanted to get on  because there often were lines that were 60 minutes,  90 minutes for the simplest things like Dumbo, like the carousel,  like anything that I could do when I was smaller.
  And, you know, sometimes Splash Mountain forget about it.
  It was two hours and we just had something else to do.
  We were going to go to the Hoop-D-Do review.
  We were going to go somewhere else.
 So we just couldn't do it.
  So it was really neat, too, to see the new attractions that maybe  you didn't get on this time.
  If you were spoiled like I was, if you if you had family like I did down in Florida,  you might get to see next time or you might be able to  to scream and scream and cry enough to get your parents  to try and wait around in line for for two hours to hit Splash Mountain  within the first two years at open.
  Yeah, that makes it like I'm sure.
  There was plenty of stuff that we didn't get to do  because we weren't even we weren't as on top of it, I feel like,  because even you guys when we were young, our family, I mean.
  But like, yeah, we that video, if yeah, if you're just listening to this,  this video showed like a home improvement thing  that I didn't know existed that we went right in that zone.
  Is that the thing where you're like your mom and dad or the kids are in the shows?  Like because you saw the Lucy.
  We have to ask Ian because I honestly don't know.
  I think that was one superstar television.
  Was that our television?  OK, that was superstar television.
  Yeah, you can be on tools.
  You can do the conveyor belt of chocolates with Lucy.
 Right.
  You could be the Debbie Dunning character.
  Wow.
 On on tool time.
  You wouldn't want to that one replay.
  You want that? You want the real deal.
  You want you want to be talking to Debbie? Well, sure.
  I mean, we've debbies come up recently because there's a video  that's gone viral on my Instagram.
  I'm the tool time girl from home improvement sitting on William Shatner's lap.
  Viral for you is namely Debbie Dunning and well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  All right.
 Right.
  Debbie's I'm happy to see Debbie.
  But again, anything with the William Shatner in it is what I'm and you'll see.
  So you'll see a babe in your feed if Daniel Roebuck is talking to one.
  If Roy Roebuck.
  Now we got beef.
  Yeah, I'm the one.
  I'm the one saying Roebuck again.
 Yeah.
  I'm just saying facts.
 Look, he's a part of our culture.
  You can't not talk about him.
 That's right.
 That's true.
  That's fair.
 That's fair.
  What are the the most interesting things about about fake Al Borland, right?  Was a lot of those things, sometimes they're blinking.
 You miss them.
  I mean, there there are different videos that I've watched of this resort TV  where there were things in the park that only lasted a month  and then were quickly retooled or replaced.
 Right.
  You know, the superstar television that moved by so quickly.
  Who wants to be a millionaire?  My high school English teacher, his brother was the Regis Philbin  at the theme park for.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow.
  But his his big exciting moment was that he was in, I believe,  the 2002 version of The Loop, and he was prominently highlighted.
  Last name, Marsico.
  My my English teacher was Richard Marsico.
  I forget his brother's name, but he was Mr.
 Disney Marathon.
  He was Mr.
 Who wants to be a millionaire?  So it was very exciting.
 He was a big resort TV star.
  So yeah, do you have any footage of that anywhere?  Like just take you.
 Oh, wow.
  Yeah, I can I can send that over.
  But it was it was an exciting time, especially in, you know, 2003.
  The next time I went, because now I knew now I knew one of the stars.
  And we waited and then we saw him and he was on it for like two seconds.
  It was like the first time I was on MTV.
  I was on for Blink and You'll Miss It.
  Got real excited.
  And then it just moved on.
  But we got to see him.
  Wait, that way you were on MTV.
  I was I was in a special with Bill Gates.
  I guess what?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It was called the notorious BG hosted by Gideon Yago.
  Wow.
  And I thought TV was going to be easy.
  I thought, wow, it's my first week at NYU.
  I'm answering this casting call.
  I got cast.
  Wow.
 I'm going to get on all of these.
  And I didn't appear on television for another five or six years.
  So, you know, wow, defeated by the pressure.
  Luckily, there's like no footprint of this.
  Maybe there's a Getty Images photo, which you are not in.
  I'm sorry to tell you, you did not make the images photo.
  It's just Bill and now I was wearing a bright orange shirt.
  I can send I screen grabbed it at the time.
  I think it's the only surviving  memento of the occasion.
  This fine broadcast.
  That's surprising to me.
  The MTV generation loves Bill Gates.
  He's so cool.
  Wow.
 So, yeah.
  So so there's got well, first of all, there's got to be in the warehouse somewhere.
  There's like a beta max of that or something, an old tape somewhere.
  But it's the least organized, but it's badly organized.
  And Jason was probably in charge.
  I probably dropped it.
  Really? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So flying everywhere.
  Can I bring up one of these things you talk about?  Things that you might not remember, if not for these resort TV compilations.
  And one was there was a really brief snippet of if in that intro clip  that you played, Mike, but Brett, I'm going to call for  the clip called Mickey Mania.
  And this is a whole this is a whole other thing to talk about.
  I don't know if you people generally remember the Mickey Mania parade,  but I think I forgot about this documentary.
  Is it familiar that you were there? OK, OK.
  Inside.
 Yeah.
  Do you guys remember what I'm talking about?  What I'm talking about? Mickey Mania.
  I don't think so.
  I feel like I've heard the phrase before.
  Well, yeah, you have Mickey Mania.
  But I think I know because you have.
  I think I have seen this.
  Let's let's let's watch this.
  Like this really made me shudder seeing a clip here.
  One of the newest delights is the Mickey Mania parade.
  Yeah.
  Salute to the world's most famous mouse.
  That's very big indeed.
  The for the listener and Brett, I had a still, but you could also just go back.
  Can you just find the moment where there's like a big in flat?  Yeah.
 OK.
  This I think the premise of Mickey Mania is that how do we pack a parade  with as many depictions of Mickey as possible?  Some of them literal and some of them abstract.
  And this frame, I really jumped out of my skin where there is a Mickey  with the head that we know, the mascot head that we know, but then a big,  tall inflatable body.
  So I'm getting some of those like size issues that I have.
  Right.
 This is too big of a Mickey.
  And then lots of like it's almost minions before minions, like little inflatable.
  Like they're four feet.
  I don't even know what they are.
  Are there people in them or their children?  It's like, what do you call it?  They're like eggs.
  They're like Mickey dolls.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The whole thing is like a Russian nesting doll of Mickey cracked open.
  And then 400 Mickeys came out.
  This is a terrifying parade.
  Mickey Mania should be called like a nightmare abstract abstract nightmare  Mickey.
 Yeah.
  It's like you're just seeing him in a different weird.
  You're having a Mickey mayor.
  I remember my mom.
  She was like Arsenio Hall.
  She it was like she was like, oh, I'm going to be a Mickey.
  She it was like she was with the dog pound.
  She was in like, oh, she's I swear.
  And my brother can confirm this Mickey Mania.
  It was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, dog pound.
  Wow.
 Whoopin it up.
  Loved it.
 Like this reaction.
  So you had like you had to be there, but it was a crowd pleaser, it sounds like.
  Oh, loved it.
 Absolutely.
  Wow.
 That's interesting.
  I mean, I guess, look, if you're there live, you know, you're going to see a lot of  everyone likes Mickey.
  So I guess maybe it played better live versus now we're looking at it on some old  archival footage, basically.
  And yeah, maybe it doesn't read right to your brain.
  Sure.
 But I would have been swept up into Mickey Mania if I would have given the  giant inflatable Mickey a big hug.
  Right.
 It's it's really interesting to look at these through the because I like  jumped.
 I watched some for the 80s and the 90s and 2000s.
  And you can always tell what they're pushing at any given time.
  Yeah.
  But there are weird moments where it's like, oh, they're really giving the hard  sell to the magic carpets of Aladdin, the little spinner ride that is kind of in an  odd spot of adventure land.
  Did you guys ride over a very boring.
  Did you guys come across a thing?  Does the phrase pal Mickey mean anything to you?  No.
  No.
 OK.
 This is in.
  I don't have a clip of this, but it's in a 2000s one in the top seven must sees  2003 with Chris.
  Chris was before Stacey and some of these things we're talking about have hosts  seemingly the very early ones did, but not always.
  Not always a weird disembodied voice.
  But then you start getting kind of like fun, relatable personalities.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Very much of a piece of the 20.
  If you remember, was it hosted by Maria Menounos, the 20?  The movie theater?  Sure, sure.
  It's like a fake countdown thing, but it's like produced by whoever.
  The Disney one is so funny because it's like the top seven things you must see.
  And every item is like actually 10 different things.
  Well, there's a lot of sub things within these things.
  Yeah.
  But so pal Mickey was like a stuffed Mickey who would talk and it would tell you like  behind the scenes stuff or like showtimes and continue to do this when you went home.
  So imagine carrying a stuffed Mickey in Orlando where it rains every day.
  It's like it talks to you.
  We're sort of in like a tickle me Elmo zone.
  But specifically, they said you can buy this or rent it at your hotel so you can rent  a nasty electronic stuffed Mickey.
  Wow, pal Mickey.
  This might we may need to do a full episode on this.
  Yeah, we might have to dig into pal Mickey because this like predates like they're putting  Alexa's in a lot in the hotel rooms.
  It says, yeah, he's the talk of the park on the box.
  I had never heard of this.
  I've never, no, I've never seen this.
  I don't know.
  It's probably going to be too hard, Ian, for you to see unless you Google it.
  You can play games with him.
  You know, like pal Mickey will speak the names of Disney characters.
  He'll say things like when I say goofy, squeeze my left hand.
  When I say the name of someone who can fly, squeeze my right hand.
  That's a game Jason and I have played, though.
  So I get that part of it.
  Does he say soak your head fresh, boy?  Very good point.
  Maybe if you take my gal,  you take your own head and put it in a fucking toilet.
  She kisses you.
  Don't don't let her.
  You know what?  I'll happen.
  I don't care if she wants to.
  That sounds like a Mike Love lyric, like the very few Mike Love Pence song.
  Oh, yeah.
  Weird, vindictive, right?  Angry, petty.
  It says part tips on here, too.
  So, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Did you know that your dad is not  spending the money that he could be?  He's not unlocking all of the magic that's possible.
  Look in your dad's wallet.
  If you see any dollars in there, you find somewhere to spend.
  Yeah, feed them into my mouth.
  Someone in your family is at that bar at the Squan and Dolphin  where people go to have affairs.
  But I'm not going to tell you.
  Well, that's the crazy part, because I mean, the resort TV was so  so ingratiated, so known that they spoofed that element of the resort TV.
  So resort TV worked for my family.
  I remember very specifically 1992 Disney and they saw the super duper pass  advertised and man, we had to upgrade immediately.
  My mom ran down to the concierge super duper ticket.
  Here we come.
 But dinosaurs, a previous topic, spoofed this whole thing.
  And one of my favorite episodes, we say so land where Earl Sinclair is on every chair.
  The boss is on every channel and he's telling Earl to buy more stuff that we say so.
  He can't escape him.
 Oh, gee.
  So you could like if you were if you were weird, you might say that this.
  Well, we love that you never have to unplug from the Disney machine.
  Some people view this as then you go home and are told more ways  that you could give the company money.
  And you will be giving money to 24, 24, seven for, you know,  five, six, seven days.
  A cynic might say that about resort TV.
  That's fully no cynics are present.
  Right.
 This room or Zoom.
 Right.
 Right.
  So, yeah, because because, yeah, this the loop in the 94 one ends with  a big push for the vacation club.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Like you like, hey, if you like what you're doing right now,  why go anywhere else ever in the world?  They'll say in them like you could be a property owner here at the  it's as bald as that.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's by the way, there are multiple versions of Pal Mickey.
  There's like different outfits and there's a sorcerer's apprentice pal Mickey.
  I've never seen this before.
  So anyway, this is the path to you finding things to be more interested  in than your daughter.
  Well, now, did you know that something you can take care of that looks like Mickey's?  Something our daughter does not.
  My daughter does not give me park tips.
  Honey, I got you more stuffed animals.
  Now you have to keep them in the box and they are rotting.
  They stick.
 But you can have them on this high bookshelf  where you can't touch them.
  Brett, could you bring up this is a video.
  I think this is from the 95 resort TV.
  Could you bring up the video called Disney Nights?  And it's it's just this will get confusing because I also sent a video  called Disney Nights.
  Maybe it's the same thing.
  It's a big part.
  It's totally it's a very of its time sort of thing.
  Oh, yeah.
 Pleasure Island.
  That's what it says.
  And now set your sights on the evening lights.
  You're having some fun on those Disney Nights.
  Wow, that is so great.
  That logo is so good.
  That voice.
 Yeah.
  When the sun goes down all around.
  The night time fun comes to your town with Disney Nights.
  That's very lecherous.
 I'll be honest.
  It makes it funny that then the next thing is like the luau with Mickey and Minnie.
  Mickey and Minnie will wear Hawaiian skirts for you.
  Like things are not very nighty necessarily.
  Mickey takes off his little red shorts and puts on a hula skirt.
  When the sun goes down, so do Mickey's shorts.
  His little red shorts.
  The moon comes up and the skirt does too.
  The luau hooptie do review and before that, Broadway at the top  are always pushed, but in different ways.
  And like in the 90s and 2000s, it's the land.
  It's the other two shows being exciting endeavors.
  And then in the 80s, it's like you and your family can enjoy  three different dinner theater shows.
  It's just very, very restrained.
  And the 80s ones too spend like a third of the video  talking about different recreational opportunity.
  Like it sounds like Hank Hill describing Disney World.
  It's like all now they want you in the park and they want you spending money.
  But at the time, it's like here's a free recreational  activities included at your resort.
  1995 was the only time that they wanted you a little horny.
  Oh, yeah, just a little bit.
  But I did see the one talking, the one Pleasure Island.
  It's like there's nightclubs to country music, 90s hits, improv comedy.
  And it's just like, oh, man, no, I don't want to hear about improv comedy.
  Watch as they get a suggestion.
  Where will they go?  And you had to get the babysitter too.
  I mean, that that's a hallmark from Susan.
  Again, we love Susan.
  She might be the first girl.
  I know this is your I don't want to impose my my will here,  but you had a lot of guys.
  You haven't had a lot of girls just saying Susan.
  She's like one video.
  She should be a PTR legend, you think, maybe?  Oh, maybe.
  Or she just come up more on the show.
  Yes, at least at least the latter.
  But she's always talking about what year do we see Susan?  I feel like I didn't see Susan.
  I'd like to.
 Oh, 81.
  81.
 She's believed to have been on before that.
  But 81 is is the.
  Susan sightings were rare, but not uncommon.
  And before I documented a viewing of Susan was in 1981.
  I'm such a dummy.
  I went to YouTube and typed in Susan as if that would.
  You know, I'm getting a lot of suggestions for other thing.
  Boyle, Sarandon.
 No, no.
 Stop.
  Stop giving me second names.
  I want Susan full stop.
  Yeah, it should be like Cher.
  Yeah, you know, and it's Susan.
  A weird thing, though, is that so there's the early 2000s videos.
  And that's I said, that's a woman named Chris.
  And then Stacey takes over in 2006.
  I know this because she posted about it on Instagram.
  She was there from like 2006 to 2020.
  And but there's a two hour early 2000 video with Chris.
  And then there's a Stacey video for a few years later.
  And she is saying basically the same script.
  They made the video.
  Yeah, they remade the video.
 Interesting.
  Humiliating for Chris.
  Yeah.
 So these were my words.
  I know them so well, I can recite them by heart.
  Do we know if, sir, is it like a obviously it's not like a Supreme Court  justice where you serve on Disney Resort TV forever.
  So we sure.
 I mean, I don't want to.
  Oh, I guess you're right.
  No, you're right.
 We actually don't.
  You're right.
 No, you're we don't know.
  Maybe they retired.
  Yeah, it's like it in that Stacey has a lot of land  holdings from a billionaire that she didn't disclose.
 Right.
 Right.
  Some shady dealings.
  The improvement.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 There's some corruption with Rady Creek.
 Yeah.
  And that's why Ron's going to get in there and take care of all this.
  But maybe, yeah, maybe Chris is like, I'm holding out being the resort TV host  until a new CEO that is more politically aligned with me comes into power.
  So that's really when you're resort TV host.
  Yeah, you have to resign strategically.
  So they appoint someone that's more of your sort of political persuasion.
  So maybe that's what Chris was doing.
 I don't know.
  Yeah, you got a target on your back.
  If whether you're you're Susan or Chris or Stacey,  you know, the position everybody wants, this would be a good choose your fighter  screen, assuming that we can find we just need to send us  and send us Susan so we make sure we can represent Susan.
  Yeah, we're in 81.
  Who was the CEO? When was E.
  Card Walker Card Walker appoint Susan to resort TV?  I he almost had to.
  I mean, because he was he was breaking ground on Epcot.
  He was getting ready.
  But I wonder if he I wonder if he delegated that because Epcot was so close.
  Right, right.
 Epcot getting ready for that.
  And one of the things everybody seems to have in common again,  I think the hosts are for the dads because these are conventionally attractive,  maybe 25 to 30 year old women.
  And the dads are there.
  And so you might, you know, they might be listening to the conventionally  attractive 25 to 30 year old woman more so than J.
D.
  Roth, who was the host of Disney's Inside Out, which they promote during the.
  That's a twerp.
  Dad doesn't want to see J.
D.
 Roth.
  Yeah, give me some eye candy.
  But dad would like to see the champ, George Foreman.
  Yes, he also hosted Disney inside and out.
  He's not talked more about the rate of the Disney.
  That's another we in our list of everything that tells you what you could do at Disney  World.
 We forgot, or unless you said it, that there was a weekly show on the Disney  Channel where George Foreman shows you what to do at the parks.
  And before a weird time before that, I believe a monthly television show,  which is a very odd schedule once a month TV.
  That's like the Colombo schedule.
  Yeah, it's when they when he feels like it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, really.
  Well, and those went these the hosts all have a real like,  you know, like don't start picturing it's it's not it's no bikini babe, right?  It's not very heavy.
  Most like this.
  No, yeah, no, Debbie Dunning.
  Yeah.
  Uh, all the babe of the decade.
  No, like you know, it's it's the most like kind of gap ad  like, you know, sporty vest and sweater over your shirt.
  And like and it's probably at some point like cargo pants.
  And then maybe they'll like, you know, they'll go to a thing where,  you know, there's like a bunch of dancers of some international flavor  and she'll get in there and like, whoop, whoop, like she'll like dance  slightly for two seconds and then laugh how hard like I can't believe I did.
  Yeah, it's the same type of woman.
  It just shifts as time goes on.
  Well, in 2001, you since you mentioned gap at the 2001 video,  it's four or six people in different colored polo shirts and khakis.
  And they're they're not really established who they are or what they're doing  or why we would know them.
  Jane was guessing they were like in park face characters,  because she's like, I that could be a princess, that could be Aladdin,  you know, that could.
  But they and they do that like  editing trick of like they pop in from the side of the screen  or like they're upside down from the top of the screen.
  We're getting kooky in the 2000s.
  To check out one of the videos, by the way, does.
  I know I was I looked a bit foolish when I suggested people  read the brochures or guidebooks before they go to the park back in the 90s.
  I gave was it when did you look foolish?  Well, I believe it was Aaron's father who hated the living seas pavilion.
  Oh, yeah.
 Your father.
  They went to.
 Yeah, I know.
  Zarin's family.
 They went to Epcot.
  The first thing they got on was the sea cabs.
  They were like, this sucks.
  We hate this place.
 And they left.
  So only so my wife and I only did.
  We've discovered Epcot together because she threw it all under the.
  Her family hated the sea cabs so much.
 Yeah.
  So is that is that a contrary?  And I don't know your leanings is that is that too harsh?  I love that.
  But that was the maddest my father has ever been at me.
  I accidentally smashed a virgin strawberry daiquiri at the living seas.
  It was the big meal.
  It was to celebrate my parents anniversary.
  It was their 10 year anniversary in 1996.
  We were in the living seas with the sharks and the fish and everything around.
  They got me a virgin strawberry daiquiri.
  Not only did I spill it, the glass smashed and I've never been yelled at  later in my life.
 So wow.
  Yeah.
 Dark family memories abound at the living seas.
  I guess so.
  So sorry, you were in the middle.
  Well, I was going to say that the 1987 Resort TV video,  a very dry man says to make the most of your visit to Epcot Center  in the Magic Kingdom, review your guidebooks before you arrive.
  So you should say you should have done your homework.
  You know, yeah, you need to watch the channel that tells you  that you should have read your book.
  Yes.
 Only then.
  Yeah, channels only 17 minutes long.
 So  speaking of something for the dads and when I say dads, I mean me, daddy,  specifically me.
  There's a clip I found again in 94 that I I almost fell off my chair  when I was reviewing this clip because it comes out of nowhere.
  And there's sometimes I think on these there would be all of a sudden  kind of an ad for a Disney adjacent thing, not something necessarily parks related.
  But someone appeared on the screen,  and I guess I'm going to give it away by name, the file name  when I call it for it right here, Brett.
  But if you, Brett, if you could play the file just that's called Freaks,  I would appreciate it because this gentleman appeared and I  I've edited just his sort of dialogue together from this.
  This is an ad for Disney's Gargoyles hosted by Jonathan Freaks,  one of my favorite guys ever in room only in your hotel room.
  Can you watch this exclusive Freaks?  Yes.
 And Freaks, by the way, on Picard season three is killing it.
  He is flawless.
  He is right.
 He is maybe the best of all the actors on.
  And they're all doing great.
  But I'm very excited about Picard.
 But here we go.
  This is John and the Freaks 1994 Gargoyles in Room promo.
  I'm Jonathan Freaks, one of the actors helping to bring the new animated series  Gargoyles to life when our Gargoyles  their ugly stone statues that adorn the walls of old buildings.
  There was a time 1000 years ago  when gargoyles were real living creatures.
  Now the castle has been moved from its homeland,  the top of New York's tallest skyscraper.
  I played David Sanatos, the rich and powerful businessman  who seeks to exploit the might of the gargoyles for his own purposes.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  This is so exciting when I saw this and I didn't see I if I had seen this  when I was a kid, because I was a big next generation fan as a kid.
  So this would have  I would have been much more excited than seeing any sort of nice lady.
  Oh, my.
  Freaks alert.
 Freaks alert.
  So, yeah, so that you could see stuff like this.
  There was a time on this earth when man could marry a gargoyle.
  No one would look down on this.
  It would be celebrated.
  Everyone from the village would come out with their gargoyle wives and applaud you.
  Yes, I was.
  My only complaint was this was not an hour long.
  This is and this is before Beyond Belief Fact or Fiction,  which is the Fox show where he would they would show you  like little short stories and ask you, is it fact or fiction?  And then he would reveal at the end and he was very dramatic.
  And if you ever repaired a bicycle, like if you ever  he kind of looks like with a long.
  Yes, it looks like the set as well.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 There was smoke on the set.
  And people have made great compilations of these videos, too.
  So.
 So the pitch on that show might have been  have you ever sauntered around a smoky blue room and said intriguing things?  I have.
 And I'd like to do it again.
  Gentlemen, I have a television idea for you.
  Another resident of the Lehigh Valley.
  I'd rather instead.
  No offense to Dana Roebuck, but Jonathan Freaks really  have him on the on the hospital billboard promoting vaccines at all times.
  Wow.
 That's crazy.
  They aren't hyping freaks.
  Roebuck now breaks.
  It's adult film star Devin.
  It's the champ Larry Holmes.
  It is Lisa and another adult film star.
  There's two stars that are like prominently displayed.
  Well, they're they're notable.
  They're the notable figures here.
  So we shouldn't be notable, I'm just saying.
  Sure.
 And Will Riker should also have a spot at the table.
  Absolutely.
  It should be Amanda Seyfried, Riker, Larry Holmes,  various adult film stars, in my opinion.
 Great.
  This is a very interesting collection to throw out the first pitch  at the Lehigh Valley Iron Pigs Minor League Baseball Team.
  Right.
 Briefly, briefly called the Lehigh Valley Scrapple.
  The Scrapple.
 Yes.
 Is that true?  Yeah, it is.
 Yes.
  How is this never come up? Do you have the cap?  So I have the cheesesteaks hat in my office.
 OK.
  So but every year they they change.
  I'm currently wearing an Iron Pigs hat.
  They they they have a great merchandise director, Mike Luciano Luch.
  They have a very innovative general manager who did  win your own funeral night.
  You as you went into the as you went into the ballpark,  he handed you a ticket.
 Wow.
  They did a nice drawing.
 You went up.
  You won a casket.
 You could win a casket that night.
  Just one of the one of the great minds in minor league baseball.
  And yeah, they were for one night last two two seasons ago.
  They were the Scrapple, which is very exciting night in the Lehigh Valley.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Jason, why weren't you there doing something like that?  Seems like we should have flown you out.
  Yeah, no, I agree.
 I 100 percent agree.
  You should have been playing in the game.
 I've had the hat.
  They still there's not the the MI LB website.
  You can buy minor league merch and they do have a hat  with like a piece of Scrapple on it.
 Wow.
  And how do you feel in general about East Coast meets?  Love, love them all.
 I love them all.
  And I'll tell you what, the  that was one of my biggest difficulties at Disney World  because I was so used to these weird East Coast meets like Scrapple,  like the Canadian bacon,  you know, just used to just weird East Coast.
  You know, I was talking to Jason briefly, you know,  he's from a little further south.
  I'm from a little farther north, but generally the same area.
  And we have just various concoctions  and just mixes of meats that you really don't find in the American southeast.
  So that was always a difficulty going to Disney World as a kid,  because as a kid, you're a picky eater.
  So I ate a lot of bananas and cereal at Continental Breakfast.
  That's OK.
 Sure.
  You can you can I ask, do you maybe this is too personal,  but do you have Scrapple in the house?  Not in the house.
 I will order Scrapple.
  I have ordered Scrapple at the diners around here.
  We have a lot of diners.
  We I've worked at some of the diners around here.
  The Mayas Diner giving free publicity here.
  But, you know, the Scrapple is readily available.
  In fact, if you don't have Scrapple,  one of the reasons I don't go to the Waffle House in the area  is because they don't have Scrapple.
  Wow.
 OK.
 So that's like a must when you're having like a fun diner meal.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  Hmm.
 It also feels like so you I guess your ideal  iteration of World Showcase on a childhood Epcot trip was that it's like  Japan, Italy, Philadelphia.
  Yes.
  Well, that's so you bring up a good point as someone from the area  and maybe Jason can relate.
  A lot of the American Pavilion is centered  solely around Philadelphia and around the American Revolution.
  Oh, yeah.
 The American Pavilion and Liberty Square also like very  both those places, like very familiar, because it's like, well, we already  we saw these on day trips.
  We see all this crap all the time or we live next to it, you know.
  So we have a fake.
  Oh, I'm sorry, Scott.
  Oh, yeah.
 We have a fake Liberty Bell in Allentown.
  So it was weird.
  The progression, it was like a reverse Russian nesting doll,  because I would see the fake Liberty Bell that they created  to hide the real Liberty Bell in Allentown.
  And then I would went to Philadelphia, saw the real Liberty Bell.
  And then I would go see the slightly enlarged, embellished Liberty Bell  at Liberty Square within the confines of the American Pavilion.
  Which which bell was your favorite of the three?  Oh, you can't make me choose.
  I'm sorry.
 That's one question I won't answer.
  OK, that's fair.
 Toughest question.
  Jason, have you seen these bells?  I've well, I've seen the original.
  OK, in Philadelphia.
  Yeah.
 So you've seen the Disney World.
  Yeah, I've seen the Disney World.
  But I'm sure I've seen the Allentown one.
  I don't think I've seen the Allentown one.
 I'm sorry.
  Have you seen the Lego one in the Philadelphia Airport?  That one's pretty cool.
  I have seen the Lego one a number of times.
  OK, well, that's three, Jason.
 Which one?  Which one do you like of those three?  Pick a bell.
  Uh, I had to go with classic, even though it's kind of like fortified.
  It's like Fort Knox now.
  It's surrounded by so much glass.
 You can't get close.
  No, you can't.
 OK.
  OK, so original we got.
  Well, we'll do a fake Bell Final Four next year.
  Well, that's a good one.
  I was going to say you can't ignore Knott's Berry Farm.
  Oh, yeah.
  You make it out here.
  We get this Knott's Berry Farm fake bell too in their fake Independence Hall.
  Oh, yeah.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  It's got to be a lot of fake bells.
  I hadn't considered that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's just too many.
  So what they what there should have been if there's already so much Philly presence,  it essentially the American adventure should be called just Philadelphia.
  And then and there should be you should be able to get an upside down  Liberty Bell full of Scrapple.
 Oh, sure.
  Yeah, there's your that is a really good idea.
  I mean, they have that Sam the Eagle barbecue restaurant now.
  Yes.
 So it's not much of a leap to do like a Philadelphia meat tasting plate.
  You get Scrapple, you get pork roll, you know.
  Mm hmm.
  Ham, you get hot and sweet Italian sausage.
  Oh, a common bread.
  If you go to a diner and order like breakfast,  that it's like a long list, writing of like meats you could get.
  And in some parts of the Northeast, they're like,  would you like some hot Italian sausage with your pancakes?  And it's delicious.
  You know, I mean, it sounds good.
 Yeah.
  And you can even get various salami's like if you go to the right places,  you'd be amazed at what kind of curated and salted meats  you can get with your breakfast.
 Sure.
  Was this ever a consideration for you, Jason, in moving to Los Angeles?  The difficulty of leaving the meat options behind?  Well, you know, someone when we did the our first show at Dynasty Typewriter,  someone did bring me like a pound of Scrapple.
  So as long as listeners bring you the meat,  as long as you use our audience as a meat delivery service, then  then you're fine not having it in your native language.
  I think there's a butcher or two in L.
A.
  that will do like a case, like a thing of pork roll.
  You want to give some names out?  We have a show coming up.
 I don't know the name.
  Listeners.
 Yeah, Jason's got an empty fridge.
  Pork roll is usually my go to.
  If you Taylor Ham, as it's called in some parts of New Jersey.
  If you could give him a piece of meat that's as big as the meat  Fred Flintstone gets put on the side of his car at the start of the Flintstones,  that would be really good.
  The bigger the piece of meat for Jason, the better.
  So attack him after the not attack.
  I shouldn't say that.
  Place the meat on.
 You know what?  Wait for Jason to get in his car,  pull around, wave him down in the street,  and then put the giant piece of meat on the side of Jason's car.
  Yeah.
 Jason's car over and it falls over, tips over on one side.
  That's how we should do it.
  And he'd be mad at first until he realized what was happening.
 Right.
  Oh, it's a big slab.
 Exactly.
  I'm in heaven now.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  And then I don't know.
 He'll figure it out from there.
  What else we got in resort TV?  Can I just you know, some aspect we have not talked about  is music.
  I am just in heaven, especially in these 90s ones,  because listeners might know I love my just like  hotel jazz, which is whatever's playing, you know, like the Spotify mix  that the band Telethon sent me of what would have been playing  in the contemporary lobby circa 94.
  I put this on so much, it relaxes me so much.
  And, Brett, if there's a video called Magic Kingdom Tip,  and this just gives you this is just like the oxygen to the brain  of delightful anonymous jazz and graphic transitions.
  This is this is what you need to hear.
  Hi, I'm Denise.
  Here's a tip to make sure there's a nice woman named Denise  that's happening here at Walt Disney World like a Mickey theme park  guidebook and entertainment.
  She's really talking too loud over the music.
  Yeah, I wish.
 Yeah, it really gets in the way.
  But those little trends is I really because I will look.
  Ian, you brought this up as a topic where for many years  I've been putting these on my wife and I just like what we want something brainless.
  We don't want to get involved in a, you know, in a serious plot  of a movie or something that's going to upset it.
  Can we just like crack open some wine and watch some resort TV  and feel like we are in the the the Magic Kingdom  or in the the vacation kingdom circa 1995?  Yeah, it's interesting you bring that up because I have one of the most  caring, understanding whites in the world.
  I travel a lot and I'm away from home a lot.
  We have two kids.
  I put her in impossible situations.
  But the biggest backlash I've ever gotten from my wife  was there was a streak during the pandemic where early on,  when we weren't sure how much we had to stay in our house,  where the only two things I would want to put on the TV were Dick Tracy.
  And the Walt Disney World Resort Television.
  Wow.
 It got to a it got to a boiling point.
  And I'm wondering if this is like that chemical they say your brain  releases before you think you're going to die, where you try and you just  have that one moment of euphoria.
  I'm wondering if I was chasing that because it just it just ties  all of those things tie so much to some of the last, like  absolutely 100 percent carefree moments that I've kind of crystallized in my mind.
  And I was trying to chase those.
  Maybe I was trying to chase those down just in case the play.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  What I was saying at the beginning about wanting your life to flash before your  eyes with pleasant music like that.
  Absolutely.
 There's something so cosmically.
  Certain listeners, if you never watch one of these blocks, you might be like,  OK, they've played clips and everything, but now they are saying that this is like  the be all end all of their instances.
  They're watching these and that it's it's a conflict in a marriage that  you can't watch them during that.
  But there is some boy.
  I mean, you guys know you've watched these just for fun.
  It's true.
 Really.
 It's so much.
  It is like getting a little quick like for this half hour that I'm watching this.
  I'm getting a miniature trip, not just to Disney World, but to the past of Disney.
  Well, yeah, I will watch these.
  I will go so far as there's a channel on YouTube.
  It's just a constant live stream.
  It's called WDW Today, and it is the bulletin board channel.
  It's like a recreation of the bulletin board channel.
  And it just plays forever.
  And it just tells you like the weather, the park hours.
  And it's just I will put that on when I'm like puttering around the house, you know.
  Yeah, it's it's the one thing that has really been consistent  to with the excitement of Disney World with with my kids and I.
  And there's there's rides that they like that maybe Zach likes that I like  or Nora, our daughter, that I like.
  But there's always difference of opinion.
  But the first thing that they've done when we've gone to Art of Animation  or when we've gone to the different resort hotels is they want to turn on the TV.
  They want to see they want to see what's going on at the theme park.
  One of the things that they like that I like is seeing the characters in situations  they normally wouldn't be in another hallmark that you see a little.
  They give you a taste.
  They give you just a little maybe Goofy's on the ride  or that shot of all the characters of all our best friends  just standing in front of the big the castle like we just saw.
  Sure.
 You know, they just want.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  Or like, you know, you always get is the characters golfing.
  You get like, oh, yeah, Pluto or Goofy and Pluto out on the links.
  I've talked about this before, where I want the characters working in the park more  because I think and this resort TV may have set the unrealistic standard  that they were actually the ones like operating the park  or participating in the park more like on a tourist level,  which, of course, is not possible.
  But I do wonder because, yeah, when you watch these,  they're in all sorts of situations that you're probably not going to see them  in the actual park.
  Yeah, this could be a false memory.
  But in one of the film and television ones, I think Goofy is a director  in that MGM or maybe, yeah, or or Donald has a clack clack board.
  So, yeah, there's a stake of production.
  Yeah, she's come on.
  Did you even interview these candidates?  Yeah, you know what they're going to get up to.
  Yeah, that's that's going to end up like a Josh Trank.
  It's fantastic for a situation.
  You don't want it's going to be all sorts of chaos.
  I fired Kelsey Kennedy.
  Didn't like my vision.
  I really was set to do a Star Wars movie, and then he got fired.
  Sadly, me and Trevor had a lot to bond about.
  I had to say, I like to watch it going through a bunch of these.
  I like seeing this stuff that like, I don't think the Fort Wilderness  Resort has an old timey car that sells dry goods at each campsite anymore.
  Or, uh, uh, Brett, will you?  I got to go punch the wall at that one.
  I know.
 I know.
  Costs cutting goods, cost cutting ruins people's memories.
  Brett, will you bring up the one titled Empress Lily River Boat?  And just these old photo, these old footage of people eating  like pretty gnarly looking food always makes me laugh.
  Or step on board the beautiful Empress  Lily River Boat in Walt Disney World Building and select from three fine  restaurants, the Empress Room, Fisherman's Deck or Steermans Quarters.
  The Steermans Quarters.
  Can we look at that plate of food?  What do we got?  I don't recognize what's in the middle.
  Jason, could you venture again?  What do you think that is?  Is that Filet of Soul?  It looks like white fish.
  And with like broccoli with just like splats of mayo or vanilla ice cream.
  Sure.
  Multiple, like there's like, okay, make sure there are several gravy  but we promise you, on the Empress Lily, we are a boat and you will get  several gravy boats upon seating or your meal is free.
  Right.
  But there's just, I mean, there's so much in those really early ones of like  very old people who look like they have only eaten the lobster thermidor  at every meal for years.
  Like they look like they are falling to pieces and the food just looks awful.
  Are you really upset mostly because there's not any sort of East Coast meats  presented there?  No, no, the presence of lobster thermidor is fine.
  You don't see that that often anymore.
  But there's other weird like there's no way this is still around anymore.
  Brett, will you queue up Wonder of Walt Disney World?  This is another thing.
  There was a few things that like, oh, I forgot about the Walk Around Chicken  Little or the Wonders of Walt Disney World school credit course that you can  take and fill out on your own time.
  You knew that and forgot about it?  No, no, I never knew that.
  Interesting.
  Wonders of Walt Disney World, a special entertainment program for youngsters  10 to 15 proves that learning can be fun.
  This program takes advantage of the rich learning resources of Walt Disney World  Resort to provide courses in energy, creative arts, entertainment and ecology.
  For more information and enrollment in Wonders of Walt Disney World, call 828-2405.
  I'm so confused by what we just saw.
  There was a bunch of kids like being taught and they're just being shown a bunch of pipes.
  Where are they? What is this? What school is this?  Well, plants.
 There were some plants.
  Okay, okay.
 Pipes can be closed.
  Some pipes are closed to plants.
  Learn about pipes and plants.
  Some plants can fit into pipes.
  And then do a worksheet in the Magic Kingdom.
  My guess is like, okay, take your kids out of school.
  Bring them here when they're in school.
  And we have educational opportunities.
  Because we would always, if we went a couple of times during the school year  and inevitably someone would try to go like, well, write up how I spent my vacation report.
  You would try to look for like, oh, I guess this is educational.
  I have to like go through the motions of doing this.
  I see.
  This is like the roots of when you get met, when you think of like,  I'm going to the park, but it's for work.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm going to do it for fun.
  Work trip.
  Also, if you're trying to convince people that learning can be fun,  you cannot say it in the voice, learning can be fun.
  That is the funniest shot.
  You've got to give it something or get fire a different voiceover person.
  Or just try it sexier, you know?  Ooh, look at Disney Nights, learning can be fun.
  See what you learn about on Disney Nights.
  Disney Nights School.
  So I will say this, my wife did a master's in international education.
  And she actually connected with Living With the Land in 2011, 2012.
  Part of her project was farm to table food and part of her thesis.
  And they were actually able to provide her some resources and point her in the right direction  in some of the things that were more difficult to find out.
  So yeah, there are actual, it's funny because what they advertise was totally what Jason said.
  It was, hey, can you do something with the kid?  Can we get him a note?  And great, he was here, he learned something.
  But if you actually contact them with reasonable education requests,  it's been my experience, my wife's experience, that they will actually respond and give you some information.
  That's the funniest thing about that footage is it's like the driest narrator,  the boringest footage of kids scribbling begrudgingly in worksheets.
  But yeah, there's real educational, there's scientists, there's food science people,  there's biologists, like that will talk to you.
  So okay, here's what I think.
  Very famously, Scott got a lot of maybe listeners upset because he said that he didn't love living with the land.
  There were some things that used to be on the ride that they removed, which we agree were better.
  The song, of course, being number one.
  No one's ever been able to provide a good defense to why it's better without the song.
  Scott's right on that one.
  Scott is right at Gmail.
  But perhaps if we reach out and ask for an academic opportunity for you,  in a clinical way, like a learning scientific way, perhaps this is the key to unlocking your love of living with the land.
  So if I'm able to do an immersive and learn all about farm to table.
  If we send you on the Behind the Seeds tour, which was not running last time I was there, but is back, I believe.
  And then maybe they'll have a couple worksheets for you to do, and then you'll sort of test your knowledge of what you've learned that day.
  And then we'll redo the episode and it'll be a whole different ballgame.
  I guess probably why the ride hasn't stuck with me is that I did not do enough worksheets.
  That's right.
  That's where you really, it like codifies what you just experienced if you write it down.
  And silly me, I was just running off to the next ride, a ride with a voiceover, more to look at.
  Right.
  But maybe worksheets are the key.
  Yeah, and I, go ahead.
  Yeah, you weren't yet told by resort TV that you needed to do the pre-work involved in going to Living with the Land.
  Right.
  If you're planning on visiting Living with the Land, read the brochure that explains why the ride is interesting.
  Then fill out the brochure at the end to make sure that you understood what you saw.
  The brochure is a Scantron if you look on the back and you can fill in the little rectangles.
  And we'll run it through the Scantron reader at Living with the Land.
  A score of less than 70% will require you to go on Living with the Land again.
  This is the tone, by the way, that they used to sell you on Epcot Center in the 1983 video.
  Pavilions based on transportation, imagination, computers.
  Like it is the lowest energy.
  Space travel.
  I wrote down one of those that, yeah, like this is an exciting sentence if you said it excitingly, but they say it like,  Epcot Center is a new world of wonder.
 You'll want to take the time to fully explore.
  Two days would be optimal for, yeah, well it sounds like, oh, I mean you sound excited.
  So I guess I should be too.
  Yeah, two days.
 Two days for Epcot, two days for Magic Kingdom.
 That's what they suck with.
  Do you think he was the father of the teen ride attendant?  Because all of the teen ride attendants, do you think he was the godfather of that voice?  Because every teen ride attendant that I've seen at Dorney Park, at Disney World, Six Flags, has that voice just in their own way.
  Oh, Vlad, please keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle at all times.
 Enjoy your ride on Twister.
  Was that the professor at the Eminem show as well?  Oh yeah, yeah.
 I am the professor.
  I'm going to do some Eminem experiments today.
 Wait a minute, Red.
 Red, what are you doing? Don't mess with that, Red.
  Yeah, that's a very good point.
  I would be sad if this went away, honestly.
 Does it sell me on the fun of doing worksheets in the park on my vacation?  Not necessarily, but is it part of the comfort that I get from these places?  I'm watching people in a place of entertainment, not even half speed, be like 10% of the energy a human being should be able to manifest.
  And sometimes the musical equivalents of voices like this.
  I love the- and that's why I don't know if I always like the must-do Disney's with Stacey, because we're shortcutting a lot.
  This person looks like they're having a lot of fun, and I don't know how I feel about that.
  Slow down.
  That's interesting.
 Ian, you're a broadcaster.
 Have you ever thought about how you would approach hosting one of these videos?  It would be a dream come true.
 I've got to work Madison Square Garden.
 I've got to work AEW pay-per-views, New Japan pay-per-views.
  The Disney in-resort TV would just absolutely be the top of the top.
  I've got to work with Gideon Diego.
 You would think maybe you couldn't top that.
  No, he was very nice.
 I shouldn't joke.
 He was a very nice man.
  But yeah, I would approach it with a little pep in my step.
 I don't know that I'm for the dads, but one of the strange things in these videos, they're hyper-inclusive.
  Even to the 81 video, there's women playing tennis, which I didn't think because of our cultural norms was shown on TV until 2015.
  DeSantis would have stopped it.
 That's now illegal again.
 For a brief window, it was allowed.
  And there's men doing childcare, which again, in 1983, not a thing that was in the zeitgeist.
  And there's people of color interacting with one another, which again, you'd be surprised, not something that was shown on network television often, even through 1981.
  So these in-resort TVs were very ahead of their time.
 They were culturally relevant.
 They were very progressive.
  I think our friend Ron would probably say that the woke mind virus was infecting the Disney resort TV at the time.
  But it's something now that you can look back on.
 And it was pretty cool that they were on the right path.
  And something to be nostalgic for just was accounting for all of the folks that could and would come to Disney.
  Was it driven by money? Absolutely.
 They wanted to get everybody of every.
.
.
  Sometimes it works out that way.
  Right.
  The people putting the videos together, these are wonderfully made.
 There's wonderfully shot footage throughout them still to this day.
  They're wonderfully made, wonderfully edited, great music, great performances.
 We like all our.
.
.
  Everybody from Susan to Stacey.
 Sure, they're getting the marching orders from the evil entity that wants you to spend as much as possible.
  But there's some hearts within the assignment in these, I think.
  Sure.
  100%.
 And Mike, to get back to your question, I would put my heart and soul into it.
  I would study the greats.
 I would study Susan.
 I would study Stacey.
 I would study Dennis Marsico, the host of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire in MGM Studios.
  I would call JD Roth.
 I'd try and connect with him on LinkedIn and give me his best delivery tips on how to convey what time is the best time to go to the Hoop-Dee-Doo review.
  And really, what time is the best time to go to the Virgin Megastore, even though I'm RIP.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I would listen.
 I would soul search.
 I might do that thing Aaron Rodgers did where he went into a place of seclusion and was not connectable by anybody.
  To really just feel resort TV in my heart.
  Look, this, if anybody's listening to this from the Disney corporate, like you've proven, I think by now that you're the guy for the job, I think.
  Thank you.
  So, yeah, I mean, they're obviously knowing you're going to do the work.
 You already have, they know you have the chops and now they know you have the passion.
  Yeah, that was.
  I appreciate that.
  That little speech was beautiful.
 I think we have elevated what we've been talking about this whole time in a wonderful way.
  I think the last thing before we go out is like, feel free to just like, okay, my question is, of course you would do it with passion and conviction.
  But is there like, you know, there's recurring things in all of these videos.
  It's always the same, you know, like climb aboard a doom buggy and take a trip to the 990.
  Like there's like recurring almost like the same things are said no matter what year it is about the rides or about like the nightlife heating up at Pleasure Island.
  Do you have anything in mind that you would like to tell people about?  I want to tell everybody in every Disney World Hotel about this thing and I might do it this way.
  And if you don't have anything, I have copy I can give you.
  But feel free.
  I would love to tell folks in extremely broken Spanish and German about the pavilions that they could go see.
  That would be so broken that it might be charming, but also broken enough that they think I might be being disrespectful.
  So yeah, there's one or two videos where it's like they say a food dish you can get at each pavilion and they're doing some voices.
  But we're not going to throw around names here.
  We're not going to throw around names.
  It wasn't Susan.
  I know that Susan, not my dear Susan.
  I would love to hear from you about respect, sensitivity, everything that you would bring to this job, which we hope maybe we've given you a good audition here.
  And what a delightful thing to talk to you about for a while.
  Ian Riccobani, you survived podcast The Ride.
  What a pleasure to have you.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Sure.
  I would love to plug Ring of Honor.
  That's kind of my home base, home promotion.
  If you like professional wrestling, Ring of Honor is pretty bare bones.
  To quote the great Richard Christie who once called the wrestling show, it's about the wrestling in Ring of Honor.
  So we have a lot of fun there.
  I'm on New Japan World quite often, which is another Japanese wrestling promotion.
  Quite fun.
  Every Wednesday night on TBS and every Friday night on TNT, AEW is on.
  And occasionally I pop in and say hello there.
  I do get excited though.
  I get passionate.
  And I wish, I just wish maybe there was some.
.
.
  Scott, you mentioned you had some copy.
  Well, oh.
  Ian, you might be going, I think you might be going somewhere that was interesting to me.
  I think.
 Is that where you're, are we on the same page here?  Yes, okay.
  I think so.
  Well, real quick, I just wanted to say too, you can get, Ring of Honor is on Honor, is it HonorClub.
com?  Is that right?  It's HonorClub.
com, watchroh.
com is how I remember it.
  Gotcha.
  And you get the Ring of Honor app, it'll take you right there.
  Yes.
  And it's like a stalling history, Samoa Joe, CM Punk, Brian Danielson, everybody that's ever been anybody has come through Ring of Honor, yep.
  Yes, yes.
  But yes, so I texted Ian earlier today, because I had an idea.
  And I wanted to put his particular skills, not to the test, I just wanted to show off.
  And there's a thing on the podcast that's come up a few times now.
  We did a second gate on something called the Hyperspace Hoopla.
  And it is, of course, a dance off with Star Wars characters where you would see that modern songs would play and Darth Maul would twerk or whatever.
  And something happens at the end of the video that we sort of had a bit of a debate about.
  A certain character appears.
  Jason and I were a little bit more on the side of the audience who seemed shocked that this is what had actually happened.
  And Scott was a little more skeptical because he said, well, this character is in the parks already.
 What's the big deal about it?  I did not view it as the finest live theatrical moment ever assembled.
  Right.
  But so I thought, you know what, Ian does play by play for professional wrestling.
  And I thought maybe if he added his voice to this clip, it would be a little more clear.
  You would feel the excitement more because he does this very often when he has to set, you know, somebody runs down a ramp and you didn't know they were going to be there.
  He adds that bit of excitement.
  So I sent him this clip and I said, would you do us the honor of essentially calling this part of the hyperspace hoopla?  And Brett, if you could, it says dance.
 It says dance at the start of the clip.
  Should we close it out with this?  Should I say the boring stuff?  Oh yeah, let's do that.
  For us, you can find us on the socials at Podcast the Ride.
  We got merch in our Tee Public store for three bonus episodes every month.
  Check out Podcast the Ride, the second gate, or get one more bonus episode on our VIP tier club three.
  You will find all of that at Patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Now that that's out of the way, let's let's go out on the true order of the day.
  I'm very excited for this.
  OK, OK, here we go.
  And we're starting here with Queen Amidala and Princess Leia dancing.
  And here we go.
 Queen Amidala, Princess Leia, Gangnam Style.
  Here you see the most iconic cantina, the Gamorria Guard, Darth Vader in the house with the stormtroopers.
  I see a Tusken Raider.
 Things are getting wild.
  Darth Maul there with the Royal Guard.
  And we are really getting down now.
  We are moving.
 We are shaking.
  But what is this?  Wait just a minute.
  Could it be? Yes, there he is.
  The big man himself.
  The mouse is in the house.
  Mickey Mouse, the one true Jedi bracing us with his presence here.
  And he's getting down.
  He's getting down at hyperspace hoopla.
  Mickey Mouse in the house.
  M-O-U-S-E.
  Wow.
  Channeling Michael Jackson as he points to the sky.
  What a way to end things here today on Podcast the Ride.
  Unbelievable.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com.
  Subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at ForeverDogTeam, and liking our page on Facebook.
