 Warning.
  The following second live podcast of the night is presented at the devilishly late start time  of 10 p.
m.
  The two hosts who are exhausted fathers may abruptly collapse and go to sleep right on  the stage.
  The same goes for the childless host who just loves to nap.
  And now because the Pete Davidson hosted SNL was canceled, only we get to say, live from  New York, it's Saturday night!  Audio isn't working!  Just imagine a theme song.
  Yeah, the audio isn't, folks, the audio isn't working.
  What's happening?  Okay, give us a minute.
  We're excited to see you and I hope that you're excited to see us, but we are gonna need, we're  gonna need, we gotta hear the theme, right?  This show isn't a show without the theme.
  That's right, everyone agrees.
  Well, it wouldn't be a live show without a technical snafu immediately at the top.
  Did I spill like pudding on this?  I mean, if I was gonna.
.
.
  Ah, the old DeSantis trick.
  My hero Ron fingers pudding and he gets it on his devices.
  Whoa, 10 p.
m.
, already getting a finger in there.
  I put my fingers in the pudding, but that's not the kind of thing we should be saying  to our children.
  I'm fingering the pudding.
  I don't know.
  We're gonna figure it out.
  Well, that's why it was so good.
  That's why you don't DeSantis is because.
.
.
  Yes, there it is!  That was a high energy and intentional opening.
  Oh my gosh, everybody, welcome to Podcast The Ride.
  Hello to all of you here.
  Hello to the live streamers.
  Podcast The Ride, the late show.
  Hosted by a bunch of adults who think it's fun to stay up late and make dirty jokes.
  But actually, that could never compare to the simple innocent pleasures of a plot of grass.
  Your response to that shows me that you listen to the show because otherwise you might think,  what is this attitude from this host?  I hate this.
  If people didn't listen to the show and they came to the show, they would be furious.
  It's so alienated.
  There's like 2,000 people on the planet Earth who know what any of this is.
  And that's why we do these things to get them all into one room.
  Yeah!  Which is so cool to do.
  Thank you so much for coming out and staying up late with us too.
  I'm Scott Gertner.
  Hi.
  Let's go this way.
  I'm Jason Chardon.
  The name's Mike Carlson.
  Thank you.
  That was kind of like the, you're the Tin Man thing.
  We met you on a dusty trail.
  Trying something new.
  If I clicked my heels too.
  Whoa, that's pretty good.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  You did it.
  We all discovered that you can.
.
.
  Like oil.
  I think I was doing the scarecrow there, just actually not the Tin Man.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  What would you rather be?  Wait, no, Tin Man moves worse, but scarecrow moves weirder.
  Is there a.
.
.
  Yeah, but it's fun.
  It's like.
.
.
  What would you rather be?  Because it's flexible.
  It's flexibility.
  I asked Lindsay this the other day.
  Is anyone's favorite not the scarecrow?  Audience could tell us.
  I don't know.
  There's got to be some cowardly lion heads out there.
  Just yell out who you like.
  Yeah.
  I guess.
  What about scary trees?  Or is anyone.
.
.
  Get away from me.
  Get away, girl.
  People like them better than the three.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I root for them.
  I hope they throw.
.
.
  This guy throws so many apples that this gang of idiots, they fall over and stop their quest.
  Is anyone a fan of TikTok or Jack Pumpkinhead from Return to Oz over the original three?  We can eventually find something where no one agrees with the premise of what I'm asking.
  You shut out a lot of the hosts there, I think.
  Yeah.
  They won't see it.
  They won't watch it.
  Wait, the movie?  I'll watch it.
  Wait a minute.
  I don't think that's ever come to.
.
.
  They're refusing.
  That's never truly come to a head.
  No, Mike, we lost a mind.
  Mike, we lost a mind.
  Who this man?  Yeah, get him.
  No, no, we'd love to watch it.
  We just turned down watching it with you.
  No.
  Didn't want to come to your house.
  But you didn't.
  But you said you would watch the Franco one with me.
  Of course.
  Oh, anytime.
  What?  Obviously.
  That supersedes.
.
.
  Yeah.
  I'll go anywhere anytime.
  Any weird house to watch.
  Any land.
  Any land of Oz with James.
  Yeah.
  Almost built at Disneyland, supposedly.
  That's that weird.
.
.
  Look, Scott, I know all about it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm telling them.
  But that's not.
.
.
  They know, too.
  They also know all about it.
  How many people here know the unbuilt plans for the Franco-Oz land?  Pretty good.
  You had to pay.
.
.
  It was on the Season Pass podcast.
  You had to pay like a dollar or two to hear Tony Baxter explain what it was going to be.
  And I paid.
  Even though we know Season Pass host Doug Barnes.
  I can text him right now.
  Whoa.
  Whoa, dude.
  You're a good man.
  You're a good man.
  You're a big.
.
.
  Imagine that alternate reality where it's like, oh, yeah, they expanded Disneyland.
  Oh, what did they build?  Like Star Wars or something?  No, it's the Sam Raimi, James Franco Oz movie.
  It would have been Where Galaxies End.
  Exactly.
  It would have knocked that out of being a possibility.
  Sorry.
  It's Oz now.
  And the bad Oz.
  It's not even the good.
  Oh, yeah, because you might go, oh, Oz.
  No, no, no.
  Stop thinking that.
  If they were green lighting everything, they would have the bad Oz.
  They would have had the Lone Ranger, the most cursed movie of all time.
  And then Tomorrowland would have been retrofitted to look like the movie Tomorrowland.
  The coolest movie of all time.
  Did you do the.
.
.
  I need to hang loose.
  Wow.
  Well, that's what tonight's all about is hanging loose.
  Loosey-goosey, baby.
  Yeah, because we've never done this before.
  We've never done the second show after the first show.
  How many people were at the first show?  Wow.
  Wow.
  Geez, they.
.
.
  Oh, yes, I see a Frank Marshall mask.
  Oh, Buffett's here.
  Hey.
  Isersky.
  Oh, this is really helpful, actually.
  To be fair, they could have brought those from home.
  It's possible.
  It would have been a.
.
.
  Oh my God, I think almost all the mask holders potentially.
.
.
  Wow.
  That gives away the.
.
.
  We did a big finale, kind of a phantasmic style finale.
  I'm just going to spoil the other show.
  You'll experience it at some point.
  But we did that because the first show was about the Mark Twain.
  Jason Stream.
  Jason was a little captain.
  You'll see her here later.
  Little captain.
  Little captain.
  And that's.
.
.
  A little.
  A little.
  A little.
  A little.
  But, you know, that's a pretty.
.
.
  That's a wholesome topic right there, right?  That's a heartwarming, all-American topic.
  And that's what you do at 7.
30.
  But here at 10, we can.
.
.
  As you said, we can get loosey and goosey.
  Bye-bye, safe harbor hours.
  Chubby waters for us now.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's later.
  It's looser.
  We can get a little more effed up.
  Yeah.
  Not loose enough to say the curse.
  Don't do it.
  We're still.
.
.
  Look, we're good boys, ultimately.
  Scott, can I ask a question?  Has anyone here tonight consumed any adult libations?  Oh.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  Oh, my.
  Okay, all right.
  Anyway.
.
.
  Well, I mean, I don't.
.
.
  Look, I don't know if we condone this kind of behavior, but can I ask, is anyone here.
.
.
  Would you describe your current state as.
.
.
  Amory?  And the answer.
.
.
  And nobody even faked applause.
  No, no, no.
  No one is actually.
.
.
  Well, that's what this is all about.
  Tonight is about getting a little wild, but maybe not that wild.
  So maybe not that wild.
  Still being polite, still being parts of polite society.
  That's what we're doing.
  Because this is no ordinary show.
  This is Podcast the Ride, Body After Dark.
  Body After Dark.
  Yeah.
  Nice.
  Yeah.
  Ooh.
  Ooh.
  Sintillating locos.
  Oh.
  That's right.
  This is gonna get a little nuts.
  We might.
.
.
  Hey, you know, this is no rated G show.
  We might get a little PG-13.
  Although even like.
.
.
  I don't know.
  I mean, you get like the sex talk happens, you know, often around like 10, 11, 12.
  Let's say PG-12.
  10, actually.
  Let's say 10.
  Yeah.
  Because 13 might be overshoot.
  If you have actual kids, maybe they shouldn't be here.
  Although even for part of it, they probably still could.
  Mm-hmm.
  We're gonna ramp up to the sex talk.
  Perhaps a live sex talk.
  When I say sex talk, I mean we're gonna bring out a teacher.
  And they're going to explain how it works.
  Because believe it or not, some of us don't know.
  I won't say who.
  Some of us have children, but it was artificial.
  Didn't want to get too bawdy.
  I got knocked out and nine months later a child showed up.
  You still don't know.
  You got a lot to learn.
  Well, we'll learn all about it tonight.
  Yeah, you know, like we can get a little.
.
.
  We can get crazy here, you know?  We can finally speak our minds.
  Because this is not gonna be a.
.
.
  A phrase that's always comfortable.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Careful, careful.
  You know something good's coming after that, right?  Because it's just us in this room, right?  We might not even put this out as a podcast or not for a while.
  So the only way we could get canceled for what happens here tonight  is I guess the live stream, if they said anything,  or if you all talked or treated about it.
  Plus people here tonight, you know?  Yeah, or if anyone confronted us about it in any way after the fact,  we would immediately buckle and apologize.
  Sure.
  But besides that, we're getting wild.
  We're getting really wild here.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, we're ready to do it.
  I think you guys are ready to do it, right?  Yeah.
  I'm just gonna slip into something more comfortable real quick.
  Hold on one second.
  Bye some time.
  Oh my.
  Also a great prelude, that phrase.
  Oh my.
  Wow.
  Off comes the Sonic sweater.
  Wow, he's actually, oh my God.
  Wait a minute.
  Don't look.
  Don't look.
  Don't look.
  Don't look.
  Why are you actually taking your shirt off?  Don't look.
  Don't look.
  No, no, no.
  And it's taking forever.
  Don't look.
  Don't look.
  There was a way where you just kept the t-shirt on.
  Let's make that.
  Wow.
  Look, I did sketch comedy on stage for free for years.
  I've been on stage without my shirt on before.
  But now you're making a pay for it.
  You want the sweet meat?  Oh, regrets.
  Regrets immediately.
  Wait, you're in a bathrobe, but what kind of bathrobe specifically?  Oh, this is the official Hollywood Tower Hotel bathrobe.
  There was a point to this.
  I wasn't just being a massive weirdo for no reason.
  I was being a weirdo for a purpose.
  Thank you.
  That is a, I will say this, the texture of that bathrobe, unpleasant.
  How do you know?  How do I know?  Because I was probably there when he bought it.
  You were there.
  Yeah, so we both touched it ad nauseum.
  Why did you have to do that?  Well, take a look.
  When you're going through clothes you don't like to touch and see.
  I don't do it for my friend.
  Excuse me.
  I'm buying a robe.
  Would you come along?  I really need a second opinion about the texture.
  We were there to ride the ride.
  And it just so happened, yes, I touched a robe he was thinking about purchasing.
  Wow, so you and this robe have a history.
  Yeah, I know the robe very well.
  You know the robe, because at the time I was making like $12 an hour at that shitty post-production house job,  so I was really agonizing over a $70 Bap, Bap Barf robe.
  $70.
  Maybe the most frivolous purchase you've ever made.
  Probably, to this day.
  If you discussed jobs where you weren't happy with your earnings twice in the first 15 minutes.
  Let's see, let's get through all of them.
  $12 an hour and also nothing.
  Yeah, no, nothing's not good.
  Look, that's why WGA is strong, right?  We don't want no more.
  There!  I turned it into an elevated thing and not something petty.
  Okay, I hope, please continue to like cheering, because there's a little extra space on the stage,  and that's because we have a guest this evening.
  Unlike the previous show, you late night freaks are gonna get a little extra something special,  and this is a guy who fits right in with the body affairs of this evening.
  Let me tell you how slightly risque this guy gets.
  He has this nickname that he goes by that contains the name of an intimate, but not necessarily sexual position.
  Yeah, that's right.
 They call this guy the Spoon Man.
  Ladies and gentlemen, give it up from Doughboys, give it up for Mike the Spoon Man, Mitchell!  Hey! Hi, bud.
  Oh my god.
  I came horny.
  Been prepping all afternoon and evening.
  I'm ready to go, ready for any hole Disney has to offer.
  Backstage you were like, come on guys, I'm ready now, I want to go now, let's go now.
  Let's do this.
 I'm actually truly very hungover, I told you this.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
 Indeed, cool, cool, cool.
  Worth it?  I'm very excited to be here, this is great, the live crowd here, the dynasty type right, is that where we are?  Yeah, that's great.
  It's the Hayworth by Dynast.
  Did you think we were at the Elysian?  I truly, I was like, all I have to do today is go to this show, and I was laying around,  and I ordered two subs from Jersey Mike's, and then I finally crawl out of my couch, and I came here, I made it, I'm here, and I'm excited.
  Yes, that's the victory.
  And, so sad that Disney doesn't have an animatronic Johnny Depp and an animatronic James Franco.
  That would be so, oh man.
  And an animatronic Armie Hammer.
  Man, and just an animatronic lacer at the front, waving to people, give me a hug.
  Do people know that? That's a known thing.
  Yeah, that's a pretty known thing at this point, Mitch.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Do they know the diaper stuff? Am I going too deep now?  Yeah, that could be a little deep.
  Wait, does that sound familiar to anyone?  No, there's so many guys that diaper could refer to.
  People are going to be asking so many questions.
  I said, I might wear a diaper, he maybe used to wear diapers.
 Anyways.
  The four podcasters on stage are wearing diapers, apparently.
  I'm so happy you could be here to give people exclusive.
.
.
  Behind the Scenes Hollywood shit.
  Yeah, that's right.
 You're a real Hollywood insider.
  I'm a Hollywood, I'm like a TMZ guy.
  I love to get the scoops, I love to let the people know them.
  Body is a very funny word.
  It's a word I haven't heard since my grandma died, I feel like.
  Well, here's how Body started on the podcast.
  Some people know this.
 I misused the word body.
  I used body to describe King Kong's banana bread.
  What did you think the definition was?  I thought it was a little bit of a lewd gag or an act.
  I didn't know it was specifically sexual in nature.
  Because you were making the argument that it's.
.
.
  Because he's burping.
  It's rude.
 Body means rude to me five years ago.
  I think you know that I'm happy to keep a five-year-old argument up in the air.
  As long as possible.
  I was thinking about this, and it didn't occur to me then.
  He's not burping.
 That's not burping.
 He was breathing.
  If you smell garlic on someone's breath, they might be breathing it at you.
  And even if it was burping, what would the problem be?  Well, it's still rude.
  If you've been eating so many bananas that when you talk to a person that's 50 feet away.
.
.
  And you can smell bananas on them, it's kind of rude to not know.
  Unless you have a problem, like a deviated septum or something.
  Mike, it's a monkey.
 It's what he's supposed to do is eat bananas.
  I'm confused by the banana part.
  There's a part in Kong where he eats a lot of bananas and then you smell his breath.
  No, this is his headcanon.
 This is Mike's backstory.
  Well, what else happened in the story of the ride, Jason? He ate a bunch of bananas.
  Yeah, I would also say that his destruction of the city was also kind of rude.
  It was body.
 He destroyed the city and it was body.
  Mitch, if you went on the tram tour, the robot version, not the screen version,  when you went by, you could smell bananas on his breath.
  Oh, right.
  Yeah, it used to be like, oh, you go by him, you smell the bananas,  and now you go on the ride and he breaks a T-Rex neck in half.
  He kills.
  There's no banana smell anymore?  No, I don't believe there's any.
  Saving it for the Minions ride, I'm guessing.
  That's true.
  Do you smell bananas? I think there's a fart gun in play at some point.
  There's a fart gun, yeah, for sure.
  Which feels body.
  Also, a little body.
  Maybe we should consult the dictionary definition.
  Please.
  Dealing with sexual matters in a comical way, humorously indecent.
  Now, humorously, I think, is key, because anytime something body has come up,  Mike, you have acted as if it should be stricken from all public records.
  Some people find this stuff humorous.
  Okay, so this is an important distinction, I feel,  because there's certain things, like, Chase Meridian from Batman Forever,  when she makes innuendo towards Batman, sometimes it's body,  but then sometimes when she's just fully coming onto him, it's not body,  it's more straightforward, it's not humorous.
  Can I say that most of the people on the stage and in the audience  don't remember all of Chase Meridian's lines as well as you do?  As well as you do.
  But do they remember her eyes as well?  As I do.
  This one also, this is Nicole Kidman in.
.
.
  Oh, yes, I remember Nicole Kidman's in Batman, and she does something body at one point?  Well, she's exceptionally horny for Batman, and she kind of touches him,  and it's even, like, Michelle Pfeiffer is really horny,  but it feels almost less overt to me.
  Chase Meridian is like me, number top, taking the jacket off,  I can't even say what happens.
  You would say the character in the big leather suit is less over?  Who the fuck is Chase Meridian?  Who is Chase Meridian?  She's a psychologist in Batman Forever, and she's evaluating Bruce Wayne,  because he's obviously dealing with psychological problems.
  Does she turn into another character that I maybe know her more as,  or is it Chase Meridian?  She just gets more amorous as the movie goes on.
  She's only in this, it's in Batman Forever, and Mike saw it at a certain age,  a certain influential age, and Mike talks about it a lot  for being the one who's concerned about bodiness.
  Now, let me tell you, when I leave here, I go back home,  the first thing I am going to Google is Chase Meridian,  and then click that video tab and see what comes up.
  I'm excited to see it, but I mean, everyone kind of gets turned on  by the Batman suit, right?  I think that's the power of the Batman suit.
  I guess that's true.
  Who doesn't in the movies get turned on by the Batman suit?  Mr.
 Freeze, Two-Face, The Ripper, Commissioner Gordon.
  No, I think Commissioner Gordon loves the Batman suit.
  Okay.
  I think Mr.
 Freeze, you can make an argument,  I'm excited by the Batman suit.
  Max Shrek?  Max Shrek's dumb son.
  Maybe not Bane, Bane might not get that excited either.
  Yeah, Bane doesn't get it, he's just excited always.
  Well, see though, when he started the prep, maybe he didn't go into that fight  thinking, I'm going to break his back, maybe he was hoping for some action.
  His neck, his back.
  Yeah.
  I'm going to keep it clean, it's the body, it's not.
.
.
  Yeah, it's body, it's not to the right point.
  Yeah, we'll stop it if it gets too out there, if it gets too.
.
.
  I'll break your neck, your back.
  It's just funny picturing him singing it.
  Was that the Tom Hardy Bane?  Yeah, it was very bad.
  Do Tom Hardy Bane again.
  I'll break your neck, your back, your pussy and your crap.
  Nice.
  This is why we need Mitch here, because he'll go all the way with it.
  He's going further than the good boys will go.
  If I think of something dirty, I'm going to go around and whisper it in your ear.
  Please, please do.
  I want everyone here to rock hard by the end of the show.
  I can't wait until we see Daisy Duck in a pretty sweater or some bullshit.
  Oh yes, you have no idea.
  Let's explain what we're doing exactly, what Body After Dark is.
  And the other reason for Mitch to be here, an outsider, somebody who will go past PG-13 barely slightly.
  We're going to have you do.
.
.
  You are here to be a.
.
.
  Sorry.
  He doesn't even care, he'll just crack open a liquid water.
  It's the 10 o'clock show, he can crack open that.
.
.
  Liquid death.
  Canned water.
  What you are going to do, we need you to act as the judge.
  Got it.
  As we all determine what is the body-est moment in theme park history.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Wow.
  That's right.
  We're swimming in it.
  Oh man.
  This is going to be funny.
  That's the hope, that's the idea.
  So we will show you some things and some of the things might be a little scandalous.
  And probably a lot of the things you will go, that's the thing.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure.
  So you're up for the challenge, you'll help us out here?  I would love to be a judge, this is great.
  Oh boy, oh boy.
  Okay, well, one thing, just before we get into, you know, sometimes you forget that,  like, we're going to talk about some body things in rides or from old specials or commercials or these kind of things.
  But you forget that things get a little body sometimes even before you're even in the park.
  Like when you're just on your way into the park and passing through the shopping district that is outside of the park.
  I'm vaguely referring to City Walk.
  I hope people like City Walk here.
  Oh, fans, fans.
  Yes.
  And City Walk, of course, has a store called It's Sugar.
  And I have a bag from It's Sugar.
  And can anyone guess what might be the contents of the bag?  Oh baby, we got not one but two.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah.
  This is sold on the Disney premises?  Not Disney Universal.
  Oh, Universal.
 I'm sorry, it's on Universal.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, yeah, Disney, that would seem straight.
 Yeah, this is Universal.
  Okay, all right, sorry.
 I was shocked.
 I was like, all right, this is going to be great.
  They sell Candied Mickey's little shorts.
  They're like fruit, it's a fruit, it's an edible short pants with the two buttons.
  I didn't really have a plan for these and what to do with them.
  I guess I ordered these for the table.
  I'll certainly eat one for sure.
  Well, that was my question.
  And this is also a bit of a runner, Mitch, because Jason in the past has talked a big game about your potential ability to down an entire candy thong in a live show.
  All right, hold on.
 I was afraid this was going to happen.
  But I have a confession to make.
  Okay.
  I went to City Walk at like nine o'clock Wednesday night, looking for candy thongs.
  Because I was going to buy it and see if I could eat it on stage and they had nothing.
 I found none.
  I was just there looking for candy thongs, but not to buy them.
  Wait a second.
  Why don't you guys text each other about who's going to get the candy thongs?  Because the element of surprise.
  Mine was unrelated to this.
  Uh huh.
 I was in It's Sugar with my parents.
  And I was looking for the candy thongs.
  Oh, do they still have the candy thongs?  And I went over.
 This was mere days ago.
  I hope you did not do this in eye shot of them.
 Of your mother, Michael.
  Well, there's a mug they sell there that says, I farted.
  And I did point it out to my dad.
  He liked it.
  But they were right there.
 The thongs were right there.
  I feel like you weren't looking in the right spot.
  When I was there, they were stocking a lot of stuff.
  So maybe the candy thongs were gone.
  When was this? Wait, hold on.
  Wait, where were you there?  I was there like early last week.
  I was there this past Wednesday night after we had a meeting about this show.
  Scott, when did you buy these?  This is crazy.
 I was there too.
  Yeah, you wouldn't look at me.
  I don't know what that was about.
  I was going for the I farted shirt.
  Well, that's fair.
  You weren't looking at me because you were staring at that shirt.
  You were really going back and forth.
  It's on a top shelf.
  The candy thongs, that's the only way I'll go down on someone.
  You're a step up from DJ Khaled.
  I'll do it, but you got to put this on first.
  Make it appetizing.
 Come on.
  I was there Tuesday morning.
  Fuck me.
 Did you just buy them?  There were three and I bought these two because the last one, the box was open.
  Didn't seem like a good suit.
  I wanted to sample it before I bought it.
  I also liked that Tuesday, just the guy who's working there is like, all right,  open up the store.
 It's nine a.
m.
  And wow, two candy thongs getting bought right away.
  10 a.
m.
 purchase of a candy thong.
  And I was there with my three year old son.
  We played with the candy thong.
  He was delighted, but he was like, Walker, like, please, please get it.
  No, no, no, son.
 This is body.
  You may have.
  They may have trashed that one and you may have bought the last two on the show.
  And so when I went up there and I walked around the store five times looking like I was probably  because I put I had a hat on, I had a mask on and they're like, who's this creep who's just doing laps?  Who then eventually bought some bulk candy on his way up?  Can I ask you this? Where? Which part of the store were you looking at?  I looked at every part.
  There's a dirty part of the store.
  Everyone who knows that sugar knows where the dirty part is in the back, like a video store.
  And it's in the it's like if you go straight, it's to the back right, like the very far back right wall.
  And it's a high farted shirt.
 The candy thongs.
  That was bad there.
 You know what? They had a little plush poop.
  Yes.
 That area, I because I thought because it was weird and it was kind of in the shadows.
  That was all something called an alcohol shotgun.
  I have never heard of that before.
  Jason was expecting a like, oh, the entire audience says I never together in unison.
  It was like a like a gun for liquor.
  I think I used that last night.
 I think I put it in my fucking mouth last night.
  My plan was to pull out the candy thong from these bathrobe pockets.
  Ew.
 Eat it.
 What? I watched this yesterday.
  And then try to eat it.
 But then also pull out a bucket from Home Depot of just like just in case.
  In case you vomit at the candy thong.
 Jesus Christ.
  You already took your shirt off in front of them.
 I didn't think I would.
  Splash zone in the front row.
 It's the body show.
  You came to the 10 p.
m.
 podcast The Right Show and saw Jason puke on stage.
  What a gift you would have been receiving.
  I know they had an area rug on stage.
  I was trying to be considerate of the wonderful workers here at the Dynasty Tie Printer.
  Oh, you're pulling that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh my.
 That was good.
 Great.
  You took it out of the tailspin.
 Well, look, we could talk about.
  I feel like so many of your listeners are here.
 I should pull like an inglorious bastards and lock the doors.
  Have my co-host Nick Weigert laughing from the projection as they all burn.
  The Maleficent Dragon shooting fire.
  All right.
 We could talk about the process of getting the candy thongs for 20 minutes more or we could get this candy thong out of the bag.
  That candy thong sucks.
  Yeah, let's see.
 Oh, God.
  That sucks.
  So that's the back, I guess, is the string part.
  It's like a candy jockstrap, too.
  Sorry, babe.
 No deal.
 That's me.
  What are we doing with these?  What is anybody want?  Jason's eating it.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  Now I do want to try some of it.
 Of course, we can share it.
  It's for the table.
  If you guys need anything to wash it down with.
  Oh my God.
 They still make those.
  They sure do.
  Nice and room temp lukewarm Kool-Aid burst.
  Just pass it down.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 I'll crack one of these open.
  Don't you hang over your room temperature Kool-Aid squirt.
  Kool-Aid burst.
  And a candy thong, dude.
 It works every time.
  Do you want to try it? Oh, Jason's at it.
 Okay, okay, great.
  What do we think? You think you have what it takes to go all the way?  That is a lot of candy.
  Yeah, it's like the box says 14.
  My head is too big.
  The thing.
  That's like a, it's like a candy bane mask.
  My neck.
 My back.
  I'll break your pussy and your back.
  You know, I think when I was picturing it years ago,  I was forgetting about the front part being so oddly big and unsettling.
  It's a lot of, it's 14.
5 servings.
  Oh.
  How many calories per serving?  Surely with this and the Kool-Aid, I won't need the bucket.
  Okay, so it's 35 calories and there's 14.
  So 14, who can do 14 times 35 real quick?  No one is rain man out there.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
  I almost had it.
 Wait, did you use your phone?  Yeah, you did.
 You fucker.
 I saw it.
  Pretty good.
  This is just funny to me.
 It's like, baby, I'm wearing a candy thong.
  And then you just hear like crunch.
  Yeah.
  It's fucking awful.
  Mitch, you and I were at the same bachelor party where the bachelor,  there was supposed to be a whipped cream part of the routine.
  And he said, no, no, no, I cannot go near that.
  I'm lactose intolerant.
  And everybody in the party was like, what can this be replaced with?  And somebody suggested a couple of ruffled potato chips,  which he then, well, he somehow more sexy than this.
  This is awful.
  He then ate it off of her chest and she said, ouch.
  We were there.
 We were both there for this moment.
  I don't know if that resonated with you as much as me.
  Certainly.
 Yes.
  It's one of those things where you're like, I'll never forget that for the rest of my life.
  Don't out the person.
 Probably don't out the person.
  I don't know.
  No, no, we won't say who it is.
  John Lasseter's bachelor party.
  I had this on my face, so I don't know if you want to take a bite of it, but it is, it's horrible.
  I mean, isn't that what it's all about is like getting mixed up with skin and hair?  That's what you're getting into if you have one of these, right?  I got an initial assessment.
  It's like a worse NeccoWafer.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Ari, can I say this?  Did you eat candy necklaces growing up?  I was not a big candy necklace guy, but I was a big NeccoWafer household.
  NeccoWafer's, I ate them, but they're bad.
  It's a real old person food for sure.
  Jason, when was the last time you purchased some NeccoWafer's?  Well, we usually put them in, everyone gets them in their stockings at Christmas.
  Oh, still?  Yeah, if you can find them.
 NeccoWafer's and chunky bars, they're hard to find.
  Did you offer me a NeccoWafer backstage right before the show?  I give them out like mints.
  That's on my rider.
  I think they're a Massachusetts company, NeccoWafer's.
  This is okay.
  I think so.
  This is horrible.
  The string gets caught in the teeth.
  That's a component.
  Did you ever eat a candy necklace as a child?  No.
  Mitch?  Yeah, no, I had them as a kid.
  I thought it would be the more fruit roll-up-y was what I thought we were going to get with the edible panties.
  I was excited for that.
  That's the more traditional type of edible underwear, is the fruit roll-up type.
  Mike, go for it.
  I know what I'm doing here.
  Know your way around.
  Here's what I first noticed.
  Generally, a candy necklace is something that has a very thin string because you're eating it and they don't want to spend money.
  This is a very thick string.
  I don't know if nobody can see this, I'm sure, but this is not breaking.
  It's also not string.
  It's plastic.
  It's also not string.
  It's plastic.
  I was fully expecting cloth string.
  That's right on the box.
  Gee, string.
  It's a false advertising.
  I think it's pretty cool that you can eat all the candy off it and then use it again if you want to.
  Also, just want to say, also bad.
  It's great to try two awful things.
  The candy is bad.
  It's not even as good as a normal candy necklace.
  Should we just throw this in the audience?  Does anybody want this?  Wait, no.
  It was on our faces and in our mouths.
  I don't have COVID, I don't think.
  We're all kind of sure, fairly, probably, maybe.
  Who knows?  I have it.
  I have it.
  It's aerosols.
  It's not surface stuff.
  We know.
  So the entire audience can share this candy?  Everyone can have one piece, and it's fine.
  If we don't finish this, you guys don't leave.
  We have to finish this tonight.
  Should we give them Jason's?  I think his is like 30% done.
  Yeah, you're making good breakfast.
  I'm trying to give it the old college try.
  He's going to puke on stage.
  I actually felt better when you did the math and did 490 calories.
  Was that it?  That actually, it's not great.
  It's like a sandwich.
  It's like a lunch.
  It's like a Big Mac.
  I think it's around 500 candy calories per day is okay.
  But this is reminding me, Mitch, I was on Doughboy's once  and did the late Great Ample Hills.
  That's right.
  And I got their like six scoop sampler and ate it myself.
  He certainly did.
  And by the end of that, here's the thing that happens to my body  if I have too much sugar, my throat starts to close up and it hurts.
  So I'm on my way there right now.
  Oh, no.
  So we'll see how far I get into this.
  But if the throat closes up, then you won't vomit.
  Yeah, the seal up.
  That's a fair point.
  Jason, it'll come up and it'll like get trapped and then go back down.
  Oh, that sounds awesome.
  I wonder where else it'll go.
  Out every pore in your body?  Out of your skin?  Can you puke out your skin?  I want to find out, brother.
  All right.
  For the love of God, everyone, please keep eating your candy thong.
  I think you should give it to the audience.
  I really do.
  It hurts my teeth.
  The audience wants it.
  What I don't want is the throw because the throw is going to land  right in the face of somebody who does not want a candy thong.
  Oh, come on.
  It might land on the floor.
  Toss the calculator boy over here.
  You can take it.
  He's earned it.
  All right.
  Here you go.
  All right.
  For calculator boy.
  Calculator boy.
  Do you want a Kool-Aid burst?  Oh, yeah.
  Those might be more popular.
  Grape is my favorite.
  Oh, what's the greatest flavor on earth?  Wow.
  Grape is the greatest.
  I hope there's an audience member that just slurps it down like spaghetti.
  My clone out there.
  Your clone on the loose.
  All right.
  Please keep eating.
  I would love you to keep eating.
  And you too, of course.
  But let's start looking at some stuff.
  And I'm really glad that this topic came up because recently in the Easter season,  I saw something that I couldn't unsee,  and I knew exactly what I had to do with it,  which is make you not able to unsee it also.
  And this is something from an Easter parade.
  This is from the 1994 Walt Disney World Happy Easter Parade.
  It was a big one.
  Nancy Kerrigan was a big part of it.
  And I believe the boys' choir of Harlem, I think, is who is performing  in the sequence I'm about to show.
  And what you're going to see is the Disney characters doing like B-boy stuff.
  Like, it's pretty good.
  I think you will agree as this clip begins that this is pretty good.
  But then a thing will happen that you will understand why I'm showing this.
  I think we.
.
.
  Wait, no, not that one.
  Mickey in the red jacket.
  There you go.
  Okay, okay.
  So let's all experience this together.
  Wow.
  Is it just a picture?  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, yeah, I guess.
.
.
  Okay.
  I'm going to turn the camera off.
  Wow.
  Oh, shit.
  I think I'm going to like all these.
  This is good stuff.
  This is great.
  Full mini upskirt.
  And this is not a live special.
  There was an edit done on this.
  This was a specifically chosen close-up.
  Mike Elizer watched and approved this.
  He saw it and liked it.
  He's not alone.
  They should have panned to me, a 12-year-old me with a knife and fork right there.
  With a bib in.
  Wow.
  I like it.
  What's crazy is that is not the last moment of sexualization of Minnie in the same special,  which is why I bring it up.
  A little while later, there is essentially a long soap opera parody filmed at the Waterpark Typhoon Lagoon.
  And this is led by the actor Antonio Sabato Jr.
  And I think that top one on the beach will be it.
  Oh, my God.
  Holy shit.
  You can see her plastic smile going wider.
  That was wild.
  Yeah, that's something.
  The intertwined legs.
  Like a hairy man's leg.
  We may have a winner already.
  Yeah.
  That might be the winner.
  Could be it.
  And it's made especially more disturbing by the fact that if you don't know,  Antonio Sabato Jr.
 is the trumpiest man in the world.
  He is the most right.
  He spoke at the 2016 RNC.
  So if you were bothered by it before the context that he's a monster.
  Now you know that he's a monster.
  Now he's always saying he's anti having sex with an anthropomorphic mouse on the beach.
  Look at him back then.
  Is that kind of like is flocking animals that kind of start with Disney, do you think?  Like, is it like a thumper is like one of the first times someone was like, yeah.
  Thumper.
  Thumper looks like a real animal.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm just saying like hypothetically.
  Many at least look like a human somewhat.
  Body wise.
  I'm just trying to get to the bottom of it.
  Do you think it's like Disney started?  Like do you think it started mostly with Disney?  It started when Thumper hit the screen.
  Interesting.
  Well, Walt Disney was an innovator.
  He did the first cartoon with sound and the first color and the first fuckable animal.
  You don't think about like anthropomorphic animals you want to fuck before Disney, right?  Unless there's some like is there some early film with an anthropomorphic animal?  If I know Walt Disney, he stole the idea of anthropomorphic animals you'd want to fuck from somebody else that we don't even know about.
  Oh shit.
  So there might have been a precursor to it, but I don't know.
  It's interesting.
  Like I'm a big fan of Uncle Wiggly, which is a very old character who was we had a board game as a child.
  There's four people that know what I'm talking about.
  Yeah, one of them's on stage with you.
  Well, when is that not the case?  But yeah, like he's he's Uncle Wiggly was the rabbit gentleman and he wore a suit.
  And I could see if you were into like a distinguished man, you'd be like this Uncle Wiggly is kind of hot.
  He's giving off he's giving off zaddy zaddy vibes.
  Yeah, he's not letting his rheumatism get him down.
  Because it's the late 1800s.
  I'm also Scott.
  I think you're Googling Uncle Wiggly, which I'm going to do as well.
  I need to know what the animal you described is.
  Is is nemesis was always trying to give him quote ear nibbles.
  No.
  OK, cual a second.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is insane.
  No one is attracted to that thing.
  It's as much of a rabbit as Thumper.
  No, it's way less attractive than Thumper.
  No, no, Thumper has big eyes appealing.
  This is this is creepy.
  It's like an old line drawing.
  This is like a creepy old Lewis Carroll.
  You think Thumper is hotter than Uncle Wiggly?  A thousand percent.
  Yep, I'm with Mitch.
  Thumper's got curves.
  This is unbelievable.
  This is madness.
  Thumper's soft and beautiful.
  This is insane.
  Uncle Wiggly is like a man.
  He's got like a man's body.
  And just that sheer fact makes him.
  I'm a normal guy attracted to real people.
  Human shapes, even if there's an animal head at the top of the shape.
  That's right.
  I'm attracted to the Thundercats, but not to the lions in Lion King.
  That's the difference.
  I think you're right about that.
  Which version of the Lion King?  New one or old one?  Old one.
  I think there's some stuff in each one that works.
  Personally.
  Do you like Nala better in the cartoon or the new one?  It's a dead heat for me, honestly.
  Alright, fair.
  I think cartoon.
  Okay, fair enough.
  Adult Nala, by the way, Jesus Christ.
  Yeah.
  Let's be, yes.
  Pose to Kuna Matata.
  They've walked all the way across the law.
  It's there.
  Time has passed.
  We're past.
  These lions are legal.
  Thank God you guys, thank God you guys said this or it would have been weird.
  Yeah.
  So thank God.
  Last thing we would want to do.
  Okay.
  What else do we got?  I don't know.
  Okay.
  I don't know if this is cheating because theme parks are, there's the family hours, but then  there is the late night, much like we're doing, there's the late night version, the Halloween  Horror Nights and stuff like that where things get a little more risque.
  And I got curious if there was anything terribly sexual going on in the Bill and Ted Halloween  show.
  You know about this, Mitch?  I had the pleasure of going to it a couple times, yeah.
  It's a great show.
  I'm sad that it did.
  Fucking cancel culture, dude.
  Took away another beloved institution in my mind.
  Yeah.
  I think it helped Trump get in.
  People realize this is the last straw.
  You're going to take our country back.
  I heard they're going to do a Bill and Ted show at Joe Rogan's Mothership Comedy Club.
  That's going to be there in the Halloween season.
  I thought that it was genuinely, it was a funny, I guess for the wrong reasons, but  it was very fun to watch.
  Yeah.
  Well, that whole, like, that all of pop culture is together and here's Dr.
 Evil doing the  Macarena or whatever.
  There's something, you are laughing.
  I don't know if it's how they intend you to laugh.
  I'm not sure, but I got curious about body stuff in those shows.
  Here's one.
  I'll just read some synopses.
  This is 2001.
  The ladies from Sex and the City come out and the band camp girl from American Pie introduces  Jim to them.
  That's Jason Biggs.
  And they say that he sucks in bed.
  Samantha from Sex and the City tells Jim she has a solution.
  He can have a video from her private collection with outtakes from her scenes in Porky's and  what a page turner.
  That page turner it is.
  Okay, so gives her videos a bottle of lubricant and tells him to go practice, but then she  interrupts the show later to say, oops, I gave Jim a tube of crazy glue instead of lubricant.
  Also, American Pie are comedy movies and doesn't that happen to him in the movie?  I think it does.
  He gets super glue on his dick, doesn't he?  If it didn't happen in two, then at least in wedding.
  By the way, I just want to point out that every so often I just hear a click and it's  Calculator Boy still eating the fucking.
.
.
  You never passed the candy thong to anyone?  No, it's his.
  I thought we were hitting it to the audience.
  I think he can have all of it.
  All right, he can have the whole thing.
  I viewed that as that's for him.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Every two minutes I hit you, you just hear a click and it's him.
  The candy is hard.
  The hard piece are so hard to bite.
  Yeah, I'm having a pretty bad time over here.
  Are you slurring?  Are you slurring your voice?  Well, it's like, it's got a real texture.
  It's got like a sand texture.
  So my mouth is kind of like full of sand on one side.
  It does sound like your throat is closing slightly.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Ten minutes later.
  I don't know.
  It's getting weird.
  I'm seeing every memory from my life.
  There's one more Bell and Ted thing.
  There is a different later year.
  There's a scene where a Sharknado appears.
  Of course.
  And Kim Jong-un walks out to explain that the Sharknado came into existence  as a result of Kristen Stewart sucking his dick too hard.
  What the hell?  What?  I gotta say, that's pretty body.
  I think that's disqualified too body.
  Well, that's what I, yeah, we might overshoot the ramp on some of these.
  And it's just, and it's not logical.
  Not logical and indecent.
  Indecency is not what I'm looking for in this competition.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, that's a good, well, does anyone have anything then that is kind of like,  if that's too far and we define body as PG-13 to PG-10.
  I mean, I'll just put, this is Jason.
  Oh, you go ahead.
  I was just going to, there's some quick, like, obviously we know like country bears,  like Swing and Teddy Bear, and the Sunbonnet Trio.
  Explain these to Mitch, because I don't know that he knows.
  Why are these body?  Okay, I get that one.
  Yeah, and she's above you.
  He's swinging up above you so you can look wherever you want.
  A weird little sex swing with a lady, I get it.
  What are the three babies all about?  So the Sun, look, this is the Sunbonnet Trio,  and they sing a song called The Guys That Turned Me On Turned Me Down.
  Wait, what?  In the Country Bear Jamboree?  Yes.
  Yeah, still going, still going strong.
  Yes, Mitch, you could go to Florida and see this tomorrow.
  The guys who turned me on turned me down?  Yes, I'm trying to think of the lyrics.
  Every time I meet a guy who's got me shook, all I get for him is a dirty look.
  You know, the same thing everywhere I look.
  This is horrifying.
  Nothing ever.
  Mitch is going to bolt.
  All the guys who turned me on turned me down.
  Jesus Christ.
  Strapped.
  Just silently the audience singing along to that is fucking.
.
.
  Well, they aren't all singing.
  Some are eating candy thongs.
  And some could be secretly eating candy thongs, too.
  They just snuck them in.
  Yeah, and it's one of my favorite numbers in the show, I'll be honest with you,  but it is a bit bawdy.
  Okay.
  Do we have video of that or no?  We don't, but I guess I should have gotten it because I assumed everyone would be familiar with it.
  We knew the audience would sing.
  We knew they'd help you out.
  Yeah, they know the lyrics better than I do.
  I think the issue with that, I think they're using the term turn me on as more chaste than it is nowadays.
  Yes, in the old days maybe that didn't necessarily mean horned up.
  Yeah, it's not as horned up as the Samantha from Sex and the City saying,  like, go jerk off with this bottle of unknown fluids.
  So some logic holes.
  Why does the character know about the actress who plays her?  I can't get over that.
  I mean, I'm still, my issue has been that, okay, look, I will cede to them that if you sucked a dick very hard,  it could create a tornado.
  Let's assume that is possible because of the swirling and the force.
  If it were like Superman sucked a dick, I guess.
  Yeah, Superman absolutely would create one if not more tornadoes.
  But it would also have to be like a very strong dick.
  I'm sorry, I want to get involved here.
  It would have to be the Hulk's dick or something because he would probably suck a dick off, right?  Oh my God, yes.
  I'm sorry.
  Superman would have to, or like another Kryptonian who was also getting his dick got extra hard because of Earth's yellow sun.
  So it would be okay, it would stand up to it.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  That does make sense.
  I think Superman would know the level where it is like the force of a tornado, but it doesn't rip your dick off.
  He would know exactly the level of the.
.
.
  Just trust me, trust me on this one.
  Hey, can I go get the ship wheel for the first show and steer us out of here?  Or the whistle or something?  Jason, I think is just zoning out eating candy while we're talking.
  I kind of hit like a weird point where it's like I don't know where to find the break.
  It's very inconvenient when you get to the knots.
  And can you imagine if you.
.
.
  This was being eaten off of a body, off of a human body.
  And this was somehow supposed to be the beginning of a sexual experience.
  And instead like ouch, sorry, oops, sorry, oops, sorry.
  Yeah, one of the players could get like a nice eight hours of sleep while the other is working on it.
  That might be how long it takes to actually eat all of these if you don't go into diabetic shock beforehand.
  And I want to point out on the box, the lady who is wearing the thong has a tattoo of the It's Sugar logo.
  Wow.
  So she's a big It's Sugar fan to put the logo of It's Sugar on her pubic bone.
  Now I'm a big It's Sugar fan, but not this big.
  Oh, not big enough to do the Nexium branding shit for it.
  Very intense to be an It's Sugar employee.
 They really need to know that you're committed.
  Can I.
.
.
 I just want to bring this up.
  Can I.
.
.
 I just want to say one thing.
 They need to sexy up that trio, I think.
  Make them not babies in bonnets?  The fact that they're babies in bonnets is kind of confusing messaging, I guess.
  Well, the cartoon behind them, the animation that plays behind them, the slideshow is a little more, you know, adult.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh, come on.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Now that he said that, go back to it.
  What are you talking about?  Well, that's not them, though.
 Oh, I see.
 You're like.
.
.
 they're narrating the story of this other pantsless bear.
  It looks like two people of the same age.
  So the babies are kind of singing about these two, basically.
  They were so angry at the.
.
.
  And also in another way, yes, the language maybe meant something in the old days different,  but I think wearing a bonnet was necessarily not a baby thing in the old days.
  Why are we trying so hard to help them turn me on? That's not what they meant.
  In your Easter, bonnet was not about a child, necessarily.
  So I think adults would wear bonnets.
  The engine that drives most modern podcasting is just people in current day going,  Well, I don't have context for the past.
  Bring back bonnets, I say.
  Yeah, because I think the bonnets are tripping you up.
  The bonnets are definitely tripping me up.
  Adults start wearing bonnets so the babies are less creepy.
  Yes.
 Country bear jamboree.
 Clap emojis.
  Yes, clap, clap.
 Yeah, blah, blah, blah.
  Right, everyone's.
.
.
 yeah, this is a good cause.
  Can I play something real quick, Mike? Can you bring up the Disney.
.
.
  As long as it's quick.
  And as long as you keep eating.
  Which one are you looking for?  The Disney Nights.
  Oh, this, I believe.
  Okay, so Mitch, just for some context, this is.
.
.
  We did an episode yesterday, it came out, about the in-room Disney Resort TV.
  And this is a clip that played on that.
 Yeah.
  And now, set your sights on the evening lights.
  You're having some fun on those Disney Nights.
  Like that, that saxophone into that narration, into the graph,  that's a little bawdy, right?  That's definitely bawdy.
  I.
.
.
 it's a little bawdy.
  I think that's a little bawdy.
  That's a little bawdy, right?  That's definitely bawdy.
  And also the, you know, the fountains exploding felt intentional.
  I mean, that's true, too.
  It felt intentional.
  That's my favorite because there's not a human in sight.
  Even seeing just like the castle in shadow, to me, felt a little bit bawdy.
  Yeah, what's going on up there?  Like the lights are down.
 Yeah, what's going on?  Like is everyone getting together?  Who is everyone?  Kings and queens and servants? I don't know.
  The little guy who holds the shoe and like ladies and gentlemen, he's.
.
.
  The little guy, he has needs.
  The little shoe holder has needs.
  He has a life outside of holding the shoe.
  Yeah.
  He's certainly got a shoe thing as far as the sexual fetish is concerned.
  That's why he does the job.
  Yes.
  They don't even know I'm getting my thing every day.
  He was like a Tarantino.
  He's got a shoe thing with the, you know.
.
.
  You know it's true.
  You say he's like a Tarantino?  Yeah, the shoe, the little feet thing.
  Oh, he likes all the.
.
.
 oh, I got you.
 That makes sense.
  He's not a filth maker.
  Can you play that other clip I brought to Mitch?  This was like a night life.
  We need a little more, Jason.
  Which one is that one?  I hope I have it.
  It's in here somewhere.
  Just keep setting it up.
  If you're like in a honeymoon.
.
.
  Can you have your honeymoon in the castle? Is that true?  Oh boy, well that's a complicated question with a lot of answers.
  That's going to be this.
  If they're running promotions, or if you're a very rich person.
.
.
  Or if you're a very famous person.
.
.
  Wait, that's it?  Yeah.
  Yours are very boat based, by the way.
  It was the entire first show, Mitch.
 It was all boat based.
  He only picked stuff that he was researching for the earlier show because it was faster.
  So that was like ten years before.
 That was like 1983.
  The first clip was 1995.
  Okay, yeah, we got sexy little sex here.
  So that was the bodiness of like you dress in formal wear, you go eat a lobster thermidor.
.
.
  This is, we are stretching.
.
.
  That.
.
.
  But you're from New England, so you can see that much.
  Let's watch this again.
  Let's just try to find something that's fun.
  Yeah, this is about as horny as we get up in New England.
  That's what I'm saying!  They show food on fire?  That much seafood in one place.
  If I walked in that way, oh my god, excuse me, I should cover my eyes!  It's crazy in here.
  Yeah, you get it.
 You get my point.
  I think that is a good.
.
.
  It highlights how sexy the world got in just a few years.
  Yeah, we weren't even thinking about Disney.
  We were thinking about Disney Nights.
  Clinton comes in, you know what I mean?  They go crazy.
  I think that the country was maybe moving in that direction.
  But I don't know if I would say that clip is body, per se.
  Alright, fair enough.
  Maybe there was some sexual tension at the dinner? I have no idea.
  Wait, hold on, can you explain more why that would be body?  Well, look.
.
.
  I feel like I've disappointed you.
  We're seeing it again.
  I feel like that's what people had to do with boarding back in the day.
  You had to put on a suit, you had to get something flambed.
  And then you could go back to your hotel room.
  Mae West was 50 years before that.
  And she was like the queen of body stuff.
  The clip is like four seconds.
  I mean, I mostly wanted to illustrate how the marketing changed.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Before the TV channel in like 10, 12 years.
  It's more of a marketing demonstration.
  He was talking to us before, he was like,  I'm going to trick Mitch into admitting that in New England he fucked a lobster.
  Yeah.
  Well, just ask, of course.
  We all assume, but we're nervous to ask.
  Does the Disney barf rule, does that go for all fluids in Disney?  Like it's cleaned up?  What do you mean by that?  You know, it won't be on the ground for more than five minutes is what I'm saying.
  Oh, I hope.
  I really hope.
  Is there a liquid that'll let sit for longer than five minutes?  I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out.
  Yeah.
  I mean, let's say Diet Coke is spilled.
  That's going to get cleaned up.
  Okay, puke, cleaned up.
  Yeah, yeah.
  If a little kid shits, that's getting cleaned up.
  If an adult shits, getting cleaned up.
  All right, good.
  That's what I want to know.
  That's what I'm just interested in.
  If it moved up for all fluids, I guess you could say.
  I mean, I can't think of any other fluids.
  Nor can I.
  There's not one that I'm thinking of.
  You said adult shit.
  You said kid shit too, right?  Okay, that's.
.
.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I think we covered all of them.
  I think we got it, yeah.
  Okay, I'm going to also bring up something that came up in a recent episode.
  We did an episode about this New Jersey theme park called Bo Crafts Amusement Park.
  And something came up in that one.
  Mike, you sort of found this notion on the fly, the idea that.
.
.
  I forget why it came up, but that the tower at Six Flags Magic Mountain,  the big red tower, that this was somehow.
.
.
  It ended up in Magic Mountain, but that it was somehow meant to be in Hugh Hefner's Playboy Club.
  It was a weird thing to discover.
  And you didn't act like you knew that for sure.
  You just kind of found that on the fly.
  But I got curious how that was possibly true.
  How do you end up with a giant tall ride that is meant for the Playboy Club?  And there's a little bit of.
.
.
  It's a little bit confusing.
  What I can say, what I know, is that the company that designed this big tower  did design, they did concept art of a tower like that with the Playboy logo on the side.
  Can you show this little guy?  Of course, yeah.
  Yes.
  So, there's a little bit of truth.
  I don't know if this was anything that was ever on the table,  but it says Playboy Club on the side.
  And there's a bunny up on the top.
  This is Hefner's ultimate dream of something he could have in a city.
  Where is this?  What is he going to build where this is possible?  This was supposed to.
.
.
  Where was it going to be?  It was going to be in Six Flags.
  This is the tower that is now in Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  Do they move it or is that.
.
.
  What happened with the tower?  There was a rumor that the tower was built for Hugh Hefner's Playboy Club.
  And then it wasn't possible there because it is a giant tall tower.
  And then it ended up in Magic Mountain instead.
  Wow, okay.
  So, a couple of sub points here.
  Is it occurring to anyone else that the tower is kind of phallic?  A little bit.
  And you know, not like extremely.
  That's not like a perfect top to it, but.
.
.
  Dude, that's exactly how mine looks.
  Whip it out!  But none of this is the body part exactly.
  The body part is that, I mean, looking into this story and thinking about how this thing is a little erectile,  this is an actually true fact.
  That the construction of this tower, as it stands in Magic Mountain,  was performed by a contracting company called Aggressive Erectors.
  And this is their registration information.
  It is true.
  Aggressive Erectors and Bridgemen.
  So that phallic tower was built by Aggressive Erectors.
  How on earth did you find this out?  You go to opencorporates.
com.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, I'm always, I'm perusing it.
  Just keeping an eye on what great corporations are joining the corporate world.
  There's a world where you find like the next Zodiac Killer, but instead you're a podcaster.
  Can you hit me with another cold one, by the way? Another cool inverse?  Oh yeah, oh absolutely.
  Thank you.
  Hey, little phallic too.
 Think about it.
 Look at that.
  That's strange.
  This is most children's lunchbox.
 I don't know if they are anymore.
  Anyway, I.
.
.
  Oh Jesus Christ.
  If I get electrocuted by Kool-Aid Burst, it's.
.
.
  I can't think of a better way to go.
  It does have to be listed on your tombstone officially.
  Anyway, oh wait, I forgot the other thing.
  That the actual slogan of Aggressive Erectors, the slogan of their company was  Satisfaction Guaranteed with our Erections.
  So says this website.
  So now I'm like, am I crazy? Am I just seeing, am I the only one seeing the phallic nature of all this?  And just to do a little demonstration, make sure I wasn't seeing things.
  I did a quick Photoshop of the Six Flags Tower into the iconic 1972 Playgirl centerfold of Burt Reynolds.
  That's pretty body.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yes.
  I mean, they didn't do it.
 Six Flags didn't produce this.
 I did.
  But it is body.
  And a good idea also to put a little mini American flag at the top of your.
.
.
  You had to Photoshop out his actual erection.
  No, he doesn't.
 He's covering it with the.
.
.
  No, no, no.
 That's how.
.
.
  Again, to be PG-13, I could have chosen a photo with an actual erection, but I chose a self-sensor.
  Not of Burt Reynolds, though.
 There's no Burt Reynolds erection photo.
  I don't know.
 Something for everybody to peruse when they go home.
  Chase Meridian, erect Burt Reynolds.
 You've got a lot of work to do tonight.
  It's just funny when you're like, man, I need like a structurally sound building.
  I need someone to build a building like, these guys are pretty funny.
  They're pretty funny.
 We should use them.
 Like, that's fucking insane.
  They put a little joke in their pamphlet.
  I don't care if it's structurally sound.
 They're going to be fun.
  I wonder if this is the time to do.
.
.
 Do you have any other quick hits, Mike?  Yeah, in Knott's Berry Farm, there's a bench.
  The bench is very popular.
  And look, they don't say exactly what the profession of these ladies is.
  But I'm assuming they work in some kind of brothel, deadwood situation.
  And they're just sitting there.
  And it is funny because they probably wouldn't be there at Disneyland.
  That's probably not, like maybe in the old days, but not now.
  But they're just sitting there and it suggests something.
  And it's great.
 I like them there.
  Clearly.
  But you know, local people like to take photos with them.
  Again, like I said in the first show, you have a very detailed photo archive.
  Mostly of me.
  Mostly of you.
 A lot of Jason, that's true.
  These guys are good because they don't even look like they're that interested in Jason.
  I think anyone who's sitting there would have the same effect.
  But they're kind of like.
.
.
  She looks like, what do you think of this guy?  Seems like she's having second thoughts.
  The other one is truly like she's doing something with her pocketbook or something.
  Yes, it looks like you're creeping them out basically.
  Little distance.
  This to me actually kind of feels like quintessential theme park bodiness.
  This feels like right on the nose of what it is.
  Because you'll end up with, you know what you'll have is a kick line of can-can birds.
  That's what theme park bodiness is.
  Right, yes.
  You've got the little ribbon, the little.
.
.
  Not like Minnie Mouse.
 Do we have a photo of that?  I feel like we did.
  What? Of can-can birds?  I'm not sure.
 We really should have.
  Is it this one?  Wait, what?  I don't know.
 Click on that.
  Can-can birds?  Yeah, there you go.
  Yeah.
  Uh-huh.
 Is that body?  That is pretty body.
  This is what body feels like.
  This feels like the perfect body.
  The Minnie Mouse stuff was smut.
  This is more what I feel comfortable with.
  Can you bring up the Jessica Rabbit?  Sure.
  Now we're talking, Jason.
  Here we go.
  Okay, so Mitch, in the early days of Pleasure Island, there was a store called Jessica's.
  And it was all Jessica Rabbit stuff.
  So you can see there's the.
.
.
  Mitch is speechless.
  That's like the counter.
  I'm so sad I never got to visit this.
 This is great.
  That's a bunch of Jessica Rabbit standees.
  Wow.
  Do the sign next.
  Yeah, there's the big sexy sign, the body sign outside.
  Is it here? I don't want to.
.
.
  And then the last one with the door.
  Yeah, so that's implied that her dressing room is there.
  She lives in the store.
  She lives in the store and she has a changing room where she can disrobe.
  We don't know necessarily.
 It could be just her office.
  Yeah, it could be her professional office.
  She might never change her wardrobe, but that is where she does her taxes.
  Yeah.
  It could be a tax facility, sure.
  Is it time.
.
.
 Does Mitch know this about what happened to Jessica?  Dude, is she okay?  What? Oh.
  I tested her a few days ago.
 I hadn't heard anything back.
  I thought she was just busy.
  They put.
.
.
 Jessica Rabbit is wearing a trench coat now on the Roger Rabbit ride.
  This is fucking bullshit.
  I'm so mad.
  Is this real?  I swear to God, yeah.
  They covered her up.
  Yeah, it's true.
  They made her a detective.
  They made her a detective now.
  That's fucking bullshit.
  Look, things are changing just a little too fast, all right?  Speak our minds.
 It's four to your four.
  It's a late show.
  I mean, it does.
  They came for the pirate's ride.
 I did not say a word.
  Okay?  I'm getting mad.
  I'm fucking pissed off.
 I'm fucking out of here.
  I mean, if it makes you feel any better, it does make her look like a peeper.
  Oh, you're right.
 It's worse.
  I can work with that a little bit.
 That's good.
  So there's a third thing for you to Google is peeper Jessica Rabbit when you get home.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  We don't have a pirate.
  When you get home.
  I should have put the photo because I didn't know if you knew.
  By the way, I'm so sorry to break it to you on stage.
  Yeah, I'm very upset.
  This should be between you and I privately in our little room.
  Between you and your gums.
  That's when I tell you, yeah, what happened.
  So there's something else.
  I think we should probably start heading to the end.
  What else you got, Mike?  These quick hits.
  I mean, here, this is a thing that I got to witness at Tokyo Disney.
  And here is our guy.
  We got a little woo.
  Yeah, this is Donald.
  And he was about ready to go do a show.
  And all of a sudden, I see he's joined by his friend.
  And that's Jose from the three Caballeros.
  Did I pronounce that right?  And then all of a sudden, they just start doing some antics with each other.
  And everything's fine.
  And again, I took these photos.
  I'm right here.
  This is a show for like 20 people that they're doing.
  This is not the big show on the stage.
  And like all of a sudden.
.
.
  The fuck?  Oh.
  Whoa.
  And then Jose turns, Donald turns around.
  No!  The fingers.
  What on earth?  So we'll go through them one more time.
  Here they are.
  There's a guy in the background that gets in on the action.
  Watch.
 See this guy right here?  Now go to the next one.
  Yeah, he likes it too.
  It's another peeper.
  He's a peeper too.
  There's a peeper.
  Wow.
  Why are they doing this so close to you?  I don't know.
  Was there anyone else around?  Like 10 people.
  They're about to go into that entrance to do the real show.
  And they're waiting and touching each other's butts.
  Their seats.
  What the hell happens in the real show?  More seat stuff.
  Seat play.
  They were doing seat play.
  Wow.
  You got some private seat play.
  That's pretty lucky.
  Is anyone upset that we haven't done as much seat stuff lately?  No.
  We call this thing we call butt seats.
  And I think it's worse.
  It's worse than.
.
.
  We said ass.
  It's so much.
.
.
  Seats creeps the hell out of me.
  It sounds like the people have spoken.
  Some of them did.
  Yeah.
  Look, we got seats in seats.
  But if we.
.
.
  They didn't cheer when you talked about their seats.
  How does it feel now?  Got to get the people what they want.
  I'll be honest with you guys.
  When I first heard about the podcast premise, I thought it was pretty thin.
  And then you did three hours on a parking lot with my co-host.
  And I was like, oh, okay, they're going to talk about fucking anything on earth.
  Yeah.
  We found a way.
  Anything qualifies.
  I think you're doing.
.
.
  Here's the deal.
  None of this has made me as horny as I've wanted to get during the show.
  I got one more up my sleeve.
  And this might make me a little more horny.
  Obviously.
  Ooh, okay.
  Maybe this will do the trick.
  And this also feels to me like the epitome of theme park bodiness.
  Like as far as they go.
  And here's what it is in.
.
.
  You'll be happy it involves animals.
  Hell yeah.
  This is such an interesting thread we've established for your podcast canon.
  This is something that would happen for many, many years, many decades,  in the Universal Animal Actors Show.
  Do you ever go to this, Mitch?  The show at Universal Studios where they say, hey, Binge's there and Lassie's there.
  And the animals do different tricks and demonstrations.
  And I think the iconic part of it to me, the centerpiece of it,  is that a dog would be sent.
.
.
  They bring up a kid and a kid had to whisper to the dog a couple articles of clothing.
  And they tricked it where it was always.
.
.
  The first one is always a hat.
  Like they tricked the kid and say, you know, any article of clothing.
  Like a hat or pants or a hat or a scarf or a hat or a hat or socks or a hat.
  So that the dog would always go get a hat.
  But then the second one, things.
.
.
  The second article of clothing would always lead to this moment.
  And the second article of clothing was a little bit bawdy.
  Wow.
  He has not missed the second item.
  So, Kia, we are going to see at least one thing on your mind.
  And that item is.
.
.
  You asked for this?  Oh, wow.
  I'm very sorry.
  Wow.
  Classic.
  That's good.
  Theme park entertainment.
  And it makes everybody laugh, I think, without making anybody uncomfortable.
  Really for everybody.
  People laugh at that, but that dog got like in big trouble.
  He's on like the same cell block as Harvey Weinstein.
  The dog's pretending to be really old.
  A walker.
  When since when does he have a cane?  They got Epstein surveillance on him now.
  Overworks this time.
  Yeah, it worked last time too.
  Okay, so this is a thing.
  Now this show recently ended.
  They got rid of it and they're building a roller coaster in its place.
  Boo!  We hate roller coasters.
  We like this kind of thing.
  And so we don't get to experience the same thing.
  We don't get to experience the same thing.
  We don't get to experience the same thing.
  And so we don't get to experience that moment anymore.
  This great moment of the offended housewife monkey coming out barely dressed and snatching her bra back.
  We don't get to do this anymore.
  Unless.
.
.
  A what?  Bitch.
  If you're.
.
.
  If you have a live monkey you have to tell me before the show.
  Get my fucking nose ripped off at podcast ride.
  It's a no, it's fine.
  Hey, you didn't see nope, right?  You didn't see nope.
  Okay.
  Oh, hopefully only your nose.
  Let's be honest.
  Bitches back to Doughboys finally.
  The first episode after having his dick yanked off live on stage by an ape.
  Can't believe he found it.
 That fucking wily monkey.
  Took him a while.
  Monkey detective.
  30 minutes of a monkey rooting around.
  Trying to.
.
.
  Pulling off pubes.
  Examining them.
  You're gonna have a monkey reattach it too?  See if that's gonna work.
  Okay.
  What we have just in the corner over there is a towel and a shower cap.
  And feel free to pass the baton and make somebody else do this.
  But Mitch, we were really hoping that you might be able to recreate this moment here.
  Oh my.
.
.
  You pieces of shit.
  It's over there?  It's over there.
 You'll find it in the way.
.
.
  And I know that you're a great monkey impersonator from that big ad campaign you booked for Cebada Mobile.
  You're great in that.
 I know you have the skills.
  If you're down.
  Okay.
  Okay, okay, okay.
  Mitch is doing it.
 Mitch is doing it.
  Do we have the music too?  I think so.
  Okay.
 So I think let's do a little quick casting.
  Jason, you're the boy.
  Oh yeah.
 Unless you can't speak anymore.
  I mean, I'm not feeling great, but I'll do my best.
  All you have to do actually is whisper in Mike's ear.
 I'm gonna cast you as the dog.
  Okay.
  Okay, okay, okay.
 You ready? Okay, okay.
  Wow, that's great.
 Oh my gosh.
 Well, he never misses.
  Do I guess?  No, not at all.
 No, don't be like him.
 Not at all.
  No, oh my god.
 No.
  No, no, no, no, no.
 Just put it on over the, you'll see.
  Over the pants.
  No, it's not.
  Okay.
  I'm really glad we clarified.
  We're not that big of pieces of shit.
  Okay.
 All right.
 So, hey, buddy.
  So look, he brought you the captain's hat just like you asked for.
  Incredible.
 Brought you the candy thong on the second try.
 That's great.
  But now we're gonna go for number three, and can you whisper something into Mikey's ear?  Here, Kuwait, come on over.
 Okay, okay.
  All right.
 Just any article of clothing.
 Any article of clothing in the world.
  A ladies brassiere.
  Okay.
  All right.
 Let's send him back.
 Can you go find somewhere?  Okay.
  Let's see, what do we got?  And what does he bring? Oh, oh my god.
  What?  What in the world?  This is the bodiest thing I've seen in all my life.
  This is very offensive to a couple of people probably.
  Oh my gosh, wait a minute.
 You asked for this?  Give it.
  The great Mike Mitchell, ladies and gentlemen.
  I didn't commit that well.
  He did great.
  I just did this.
 Touching the towel, I was like, this is not a good towel.
  It was not fresh for the show.
  Do you think it's the better material than this?  Yeah, try it.
  It's very similar to that.
 Very similar to that, though.
  It's what's known as an aggressive Terry claw.
  Normally you get French Terry.
 This is like German Terry.
  Are we done? Is that what we're standing for?  Well, we're pretty much, yeah, I guess so.
  Don't we have to pick a bottom?  Yes, well, that's what we have to do.
  That's what we're going to, we're going to listen to the full stripper, I guess.
  Why not?  Wait, you know what? Cue it up again while Mitch picks.
  You know what? I want to watch the Empress Lily clip again.
  Stand up.
 Let's give it a standing ovation.
 All right.
  And select from three fine restaurants, the Empress Room, Fisherman's Deck, and Student's Court.
  I mean, that's my winner.
  Yeah!  Whoa!  Come on.
 I think, come on.
 Is there anything more body than that moment?  It's really hard to think of it.
 It's impossible.
  Only you could see through the matrix and know that is the bodyest moment ever in theme park property.
  No, it's not a man fucking Minnie Mouse.
  From behind.
  From behind.
  It's this boat and dinner scene.
  You did it, you found it, buddy.
  Yeah, Jason did it! Jason got it!  I won both shows.
 Yeah!  Mitch, thank you so much for being here.
 Thanks for being a good show.
  Thank you.
  Watch Twisted Metal this summer.
 Big old show with this guy.
  And you all survived Podcast The Ride.
 Thank you so much for being here.
  Thanks everybody on the live stream.
 Thanks everyone at Dynasty Typewriter.
  Thanks to the people who are watching.
  Thanks to the people who are watching.
  Thanks everybody on the live stream.
 Thanks everyone at Dynasty Typewriter.
  And, and, we have a little one more thing.
  We haven't, you know, it's been so exciting to do this tonight because we haven't done it in a while.
  And we wanted to make sure to not let another year go by before we do another live Podcast The Ride.
  And that is why we're going to say right here, we're announcing for the first time the next Podcast The Ride live show,  which is in, which is Saturday, July 22nd in Las Vegas, Nevada.
  Yeah!  I smell a road trip.
  Uh oh.
  Soak to see some of you there.
  You guys were great.
 This was so much fun.
 Really appreciate it.
  Thank you very much.
  Everybody who did both, oh my God.
 We love you so much.
  Numbers.
  Anyone want the other one?  Eisner wants it.
 Eisner's really, okay.
  Yay! Young Hot Eisner gets the candy thong.
  So long everybody.
 Bye! Thank you! Bye!  The world that you will find in your imagination.
  Mysteries and magic, visions and fantasies, leading to strange and wondrous dreams.
  Dreams that make believe, what could they all come to?  You