 Forever.  Dog.  Warning, the following podcast may contain  patriotism gone horribly wrong,  submarines that are the literal opposite of submarines,  and people who don't know how peacocks work.  Matt Kleinman educates us about being an educator  at SeaWorld San Diego on Podcast The Ride.  ["Sailor Moon Theme Song"]  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast  where we are dedicated to our mission  of providing a safe, protected habitat for nerds.  My name's Scott, I'm the director of Nerd Rescue  and Rehabilitation here at the podcast.  Joining me is the head of Dry Fact Conservation,  Jason Sheridan.  That's right, and I'm just getting word  that we have been purchased by a private equity group,  so that habitat organization,  that might have to get some reorg going.  Some reorg.  I'm sure whatever it is, they are even more dedicated  to conservation than we are.  I can only imagine.  Than we could ever dream of being.  I'm sure they're wonderful.  Finally, a man who is committed to sustainability  through the recycling of stories, Mike Carlson.  I'm here, yes.  I think stories are something that we're gonna need  a lot of in the future, so we should only have a few of them  and reuse them over and over again as to not waste.  I think so too.  I think that there is, ultimately there's some carbon  footprint to telling a story.  It's hard to say where, but there's electronic devices here  and it requires effort from your brain.  At some point, I think it hurts the environment  to make the effort to tell a new story.  So when you repeat a Jimmy Buffett story  or an Armand Shimmerman story, you're keeping,  you're being globally conscious, so I appreciate it.  Thank you, yeah, yeah.  That is what I'm trying to do.  So I'm glad everyone notices that,  and I hope that's what you carry forward in your own lives,  listener, dear listeners.  Yes, if you're taking any lessons from us,  tell your friends the same stories over and over.  I think everyone will love how it goes over.  Today is SeaWorld San Diego, and we are joined  by an actual former member of the SeaWorld family  who might be aware of, maybe was given jargon  of resembling some of what I just did.  I don't know, we'll find out about your onboarding  and what, I don't even know what you did,  so I'm excited to get into it.  He is one of the creators and stars of Funny or Die's  high science on what will still be HBO Max  for a few days upon the release of this episode.  So it's HBO Max, but that will, that will,  it's gonna shed that HBO.  Point is, high science is the show,  Matt Kleinman is the guest.  Hello, Matt.  Hey, thank you so much for having me.  Of course.  Yeah, the SeaWorld family, I guess,  one of the things that they tell you right away  in the orientation is that SeaWorld,  when I worked there, was that SeaWorld only exists  to enrich the Anheuser-Busch brand.  Back when it was owned by Anheuser-Busch,  but they were very explicit that that was the purpose,  was to make the brand of Anheuser-Busch seem better,  to enhance its brand, and we were all there to do that.  We were ambassadors of Anheuser-Busch  and using SeaWorld to make Anheuser-Busch  a stronger, better global brand.  It wasn't about helping a penguin out.  No, that wasn't a part of it at all.  It was not, it was like, the orientation  was one of those things where like,  and you, everybody out there in the park,  do your best to make someone's day a little bit better.  Make sure everybody knows where the bathrooms are.  Go above and beyond,  because you're representing Anheuser-Busch,  and we're here to make sure that via these dolphins  and whales and sea creatures,  that people buy more Anheuser-Busch products.  A guy pointed out the bathroom to me,  so I'm more likely than in three months  in the supermarket aisle.  Well, you got a lot of choices there.  Absolutely, the Anheuser-Busch family  has something for everyone.  Absolutely.  Finest beverages there are.  Can I ask a question?  Because you brought up Anheuser-Busch.  Absolutely.  At some point in my readings,  they mentioned that a number of employees  were entitled to two cases of beer every month.  They do claim that.  I'm so glad you're bringing this up.  It's one of the first things I wanted to talk about.  Wow, no idea.  My understanding, what's called the tot system,  you know what that's what it's called  when they used to have people work on wineries  or on liquor distilleries or whatever,  and then they would have a company store,  but they would give you the wine for free  so that everybody would drink it  and gamble away their earnings  and then have to come back to work for low wages.  They did that.  So they would give you-  It's bribery kind of.  Yeah, every two weeks.  Every two weeks they would give employees  who were over 21 two cases of,  I think of Bud Light,  was what I heard people talk about.  I was 19, so I didn't get this benefit of a perk.  And then also I remember being like,  well then they should give me the cost of a couple.  Yeah.  Right, they should like, I'm getting screwed here.  Well, hey now, hey, hey, hey, hey.  Yeah, like getting nickel and dimed here.  Do they make any juices or anything?  I don't know what else is in that family.  Yeah, Anizer Bush, like Juicy Juice?  Like juice boxes?  You'd have to assume, and it's deep holdings  at some point in that lineup.  Beer for little kids.  Yeah, no, Beer Junior.  I would have loved some Beer Junior,  but no, I just, it was just kind of like  something people told me about.  I wasn't even sure when or where it would happen  because they kept people like me away from it.  You didn't even know where it was distributed.  No, I would have thought I would see my coworkers  stride into the parking lot with a big 30 rack or whatever,  but I never quite saw that.  And I would have thought that one of them  would be cool enough to offer me some,  but nobody ever did that for me.  Geez.  You missed out on the, let me take a stab  and say the only perk.  Besides just generally getting money.  Yes, right.  Well, there were a lot of free tickets to SeaWorlds  that you got.  You got a bunch of like free passes  and then some half off passes.  So I would have a friends come to,  came to visit over that summer.  So I worked there for my summer  between freshmen and sophomore year of college.  I'm from San Diego.  I came back home, wanted a summer job.  And I had always, it just was like SeaWorld to me  was like the ultimate thing.  I loved SeaWorld.  So, well, I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself  because I do wanna, if it's okay with you guys,  because we, and I don't know how you guys  have dealt with this in the past,  but this is a canceled theme park, right?  Yeah, let me take a guess.  It's so many words, but I have learned  that they just kept on keeping on  in one of the things they said they were gonna change.  Well, let me, look, I don't know  what you're getting at exactly, but let me say this.  I was curious, like how dark do we need to get here?  And I realized that because this is SeaWorld San Diego,  the first one, open 1964, kicked off the brand.  This is not the one with Tilikum.  It is not.  Therefore, that is the Blackfish from Blackfish.  That's Orlando.  Tilikum was from Orlando.  So we have no obligation to talk about Blackfish.  Oh, wow. We did it guys.  We don't have to.  Okay.  Most of the stuff was not.  The murders happened elsewhere.  San Diego was perfect.  Yes, sure.  Orlando bad.  It's all in Orlando.  So we just kick that.  Jason was right about Florida and all of it.  I'm so glad to hear you say that.  Kick that down to that episode.  Because I really wasn't sure how to go  and bring this to the table with you guys.  We'll do a very dark episode about the Orlando  and the Blackfish situation eventually.  Get with a serious guest who's like,  we'll get somebody with a PhD in whatever.  Animal,  animal killology.  I don't know what it is.  Admittedly, I have never seen that movie  because I think it would make me too sad.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's a good, hey.  And that's why, now the only downside to this is that,  all right, so that's a sad movie that's off the table  because it's Orlando.  I am sad we don't get to talk about happier movies  including Jaws 3D.  That is Orlando so it's off the table.  I really love Jaws 3D.  And we don't get to talk about the adventures  of Mary-Kate and Ashley, the case of the Sea World adventure.  Which is of course from the mystery series.  They saw it was Olsen and Olsen Mystery Agency.  They did two Sea World adventures  but this one was the case of the Sea World.  Have you seen it?  Yes, my sister had this.  Okay, I never.  I like these.  I liked the mystery videos.  Because they also, I think had songs.  I think they would pause the mystery component  to still make it a song and dance tape.  Okay, well we'll get there.  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.  I mean I love flat delivery  which will come up in some other clips that I'm gonna play.  So those Olsen Twin videos,  that's just a festival of flat delivery.  That was what they excelled in.  Their talent.  Mm-hmm, that's what we know them for.  Anyway, did that.  Well, sort of.  Well, but the thing is, and I kinda,  I'm sorry, I'm putting this again on you guys.  I am kind of hoping.  I mean you guys are experts.  And the thing, the truth is, ever since Blackfish,  I haven't gone back.  Because I just don't know if it's okay.  Right.  I went back.  I've been, I don't know if it was okay.  I was there to support the Sesame Street brand.  This was, all right, this is the closest place  that I can go where there is Sesame Street stuff  and it was for my child.  So that can only be good, right?  And he got to be in a dance party  with a still at the time socially distanced dance party  where Ernie and Elmo were up on top of a pirate ship  and we just waved to them from afar  as we were all around like many adults and children  very possibly getting COVID.  The point is the people in the suits weren't getting COVID.  This is like a show?  Yeah, it was kind of a just confusing flop around.  Now I don't remember, I mean, I'm sure,  I wanna say like a YMCA was in there,  kind of general wedding music played  near a colorful pirate ship.  And look, my son got to point at Elmo in the count.  So am I to be run over the coals for this?  Did you see fish shows?  We did not see any fish shows.  So that's good, right?  Now granted I gave money to the system  that makes fish shows possible.  And they've changed the fish show.  They've changed some things over the years.  I bet.  They say that, but to kind of check,  I watched a video of the most recent version  of the Shamu show, which is supposed to be updated  more about their lifestyle and experiences.  And it's nice, the stage looks nicer.  There's definitely more like a lot of good factoid  and stuff like that.  But the tricks and things were mostly similar.  Yeah, they were still doing a lot of the little tricks.  That's what I was, they had more soulful music  than I remember them.  And they have less like direct like,  and now here's this trick.  And now here's like less of that.  That's more of a little bit like  they're just kind of jumping kind of as it's going.  It's a little more free.  It's not like do this, do this.  Right, it's their choice.  I get free style of Shamu choice.  So I guess really, probably a person would say,  as long as they're doing Shamu show, it's probably bad.  That's what I'm wondering too.  Probably.  But the thing is, is that these,  and now we're getting into the heart of the matter.  They, these are, many of them are orcas  that were born in captivity.  That this is the life that they've only known.  That there's nothing else to do with them.  And they're gonna live a long time.  And so, while they're there,  you should do something with them.  And you gotta- A fun show.  People look at them.  Let them have a little bit of fun.  Let them do their thing. Sure, sure.  Yeah, that seemed to be the thing they had stuck with.  They're like, all right,  we're not gonna breed them in captivity anymore.  And I was like, hold up.  What were you doing?  Like, I thought these were rescues.  Not the case, no.  And so I think this class, this crop of them,  is like when these are gone, they're gone.  Like they say they're not gonna do, get any more of them.  That said, I can't really tell.  They have open Sea World in Abu Dhabi on Yas Island.  They did?  Did you want to hear? Yeah.  Yeah.  It's like what, 10 years ago?  No, wasn't it recent?  Is it more soon?  I think it was this year.  Oh wow, I must have been through the day then.  Is it a new Sea World in the world this year?  Yeah.  Yas Island is one of those like tourist,  massive tourist destinations built from nothing.  Where you're like, don't knock on the walls.  Don't ask who built this  and don't knock on the walls too closely.  Don't dig too deep under the sand.  Don't dig too deep.  What you will find will not have you saying Yas.  Oh my God, I'm so wrong.  Yeah, Jason, you're right.  It's not even, it's opening in two weeks.  In two weeks.  What?  This is coming out in one week, so that means one week.  Yeah, the 23rd it's coming out.  So any listeners who are on Yas Island,  do we know that it is Yas, not Yas?  It's Y-A-S.  Y-A-S.  Yeah.  I have, they're Yasifying Sea World.  Wow.  They're putting Sea World into a big photo filter.  Yeah.  Matt, when did you work there exactly?  So I worked there the summer of 2005.  Okay.  That's way before the movie, right?  Well, there you go.  So Matt, you're fine.  Thank you.  Thank you for saying that.  Yeah, no, I mean, I, thank you.  I felt like it was okay at the time.  And then when the movie did come out,  I mean, I don't know how, when the movie came out,  I said the lie.  There's a lie in the movie that they say that  although they show somebody on hidden camera,  they show an educator, which was my position,  telling somebody, a guest, that the orcas live longer  in captivity than they do in the wild.  Oh, wow.  And that's just simply not true.  There's no evidence to bear that out,  but that is something in our like info packets  and a very common question  and something that we would say all the time.  And I took that as gospel, because these are the experts.  These are the people who know.  And so that was one of the lies or one of the things  that I said on behalf of the company  that I have since regretted.  Wow, so you said that like every day, maybe?  Probably, if I was working at that exhibit.  That's wild.  That is like an interesting factoid  that you could give people.  And it makes them feel good.  It doesn't happen to be true.  Yes.  They love it so much here that they live longer.  They want to live longer.  Yeah.  They like the theme park better than the ocean.  They do.  Yeah.  That's interesting.  Well, I like a theme park better than the ocean.  So I guess that makes sense.  Music plants and I have some popcorn falls in.  They like that.  You like popcorn, don't you?  Yeah, the flavors are different.  Wow, guests over 21 are entitled to two free  seven ounce pours of beer.  That's awesome.  Try the whales like the beer.  Maybe that's why they want a beer.  Yeah, if I don't live longer,  I'm actually leaving beer on the table.  I'm not collecting more free beer if I die sooner.  So if I live longer in the park,  I get more bang for my buck.  Yeah.  It's important to attain that value.  So that is, yeah, that's interesting.  Is there, are there any other like big lies  they had you telling?  So the other thing was that this was 2005.  This was a Anheuser-Busch and prior to Anheuser-Busch,  it was owned, I had heard by,  it was by a large like conglomerate or whatever,  but I had heard that the owner was much more Christian then.  But all that led to us never being able to say  the word evolution.  We just couldn't tell people when we were educating them  about the animals.  We couldn't say that they evolved to be this way.  We had to say they adapted or just ignore  the concept of evolution entirely.  Okay.  Adapting's okay.  Yeah, adapting is fine.  What's the difference?  Like God allowed adaptation, but evolving.  God came down and kind of shaped the clay  a little bit differently on one day.  It's just like him doing rewrites or whatever.  Yeah, yeah.  God is fine with synonyms, you know.  But he's not fine with that one word, no, no.  Yeah, so that was another thing  so we couldn't talk about that.  And then, I don't know, I mean, there's a bunch of stuff  that I feel like I could kind of get into  about just the experience of being at SeaWorld  and what you sort of see when you're there  as compared to I think what you imagine it would be like,  or I don't know, the fiction of it being.  Wait, question, how are you in,  you're an educator at 19.  Right, so yeah, well, so let me start at the beginning,  I suppose, which was that I'd always wanted  to work at SeaWorld and then through a series of like,  just me completely missing the context of a few key moments,  I was led to really believe that being an educator  at SeaWorld was a much bigger deal than it was.  And that started with, obviously as a kid,  I thought it was really cool and wanted to work at SeaWorld  and I remember maybe the winter before going to SeaWorld  and meeting somebody in the shark encounter  with a young person, the youngest college age or whatever,  with a clipboard who was telling people about the animals  and stuff like that and I remember thinking like,  oh, that's amazing, I was studying marine biology  in high school, I really loved that stuff,  I got a scuba, I got scuba certified when I was a teen,  I loved the ocean, growing up in San Diego,  I would snorkel all the time, surfing,  all that sort of stuff but I really loved marine biology  and so I kind of assumed that, oh, the people working  at SeaWorld must be best in class,  experts about all of these things  and I once went up to somebody who was working  at one of these places to ask them,  so how'd they got the job, are you a student?  All of the answers, when I replayed them again,  fed into my bias which was believing that they were  a PhD student who was that clipboard they were using  to take data, to collect data about what they were observing  some sort of study they were doing  because this person said, oh yeah, I'm a student,  I go to UCSD, yeah, I like the animals,  and I'm like, oh, is that what you study?  Like, yeah, I study stuff, but I was like, I don't know.  Anyways, later I realized on his clipboard was just  drawings of the sharks with their names  that he was holding so he would remember what they were  if somebody asked him and he was probably  just a college student who had this job.  The educators at SeaWorld are actually,  it's a minimum wage job, it was like a 7.15 an hour job  and really you're there to make sure people don't fall  into any of the open pools of water  so they give you lifeguard training and show you  where the donuts are that you throw out,  the water, and where the life jackets are  if you need to save somebody, but basically they figure  they had to pay people to stand around near the open tanks  they might as well give them a microphone  and a little fact book and have them say some stuff.  Oh, okay.  You're kind of a show too.  A little bit.  Casual, yeah.  Yeah, or you're there to give some burnishment  to the brand, some little bit more than what the guests  had bargained for or whatever.  Now it is also the, it can be like a gateway  to becoming a trainer is that if you,  a lot of the trainers started at this educator position  and like worked their way up.  So that was another thing that led me to believe  that this was like a big deal.  But basically when I applied, when I came home that summer,  I thought I didn't, I kind of ran,  that was running through my head and then a couple  of other things happened that made me think like,  there's no way I'm gonna get this job.  The other one was when I went to like the trailer  in the parking lot of SeaWorld to like get a job application  and put it in, the comedian Dat Fan.  Of course.  Oh sure.  Was there?  Winner of one of the last comics stand,  the first last comic stand.  The first season of last comic stand,  which had just been a few years prior.  And he was there also applying for the same job.  What?  What?  And I, which then led me to believe like, oh wow.  Like this is like a Hollywood pipeline.  This is like the people who are doing this are like,  you know, tip top talent.  Why would me, a college freshman even have a chance?  I remember going and seeing him there,  having an application and then talking to like  the higher up people.  I don't know, he was going into some offices  and talking and they seemed to be doing some wheelings.  I don't know.  Later I learned that Dat Fan was going back to,  was going there to apply.  But during, so he's from San Diego.  And when he was on last comic standing,  he was like comic from San Diego, Dat Fan.  And by the way, he's a lovely guy.  He was wonderful.  It was nice meeting him and like having lunch  and stuff with him, like he was great.  No shade on Dat Fan truly.  But I guess he had, that had been his day job,  was he had worked his way up as from being an educator  while he was like doing standup and stuff like that.  He had worked his way up to the point where he was like  the highest level kind of presenter there.  Like he would do the MCing for like  the weekend Shamu shows.  Like he, which are like big, like lights going crazy,  like big sort of things, high production stuff.  He was like their main guy.  He was the last educator standing.  Yes, he was the last educator standing.  He had won, he had won the tournament  of SeaWorld Educating.  And, but when I had learned was he was there that day  because he had gone, he had like moved to LA  after last comic standing, you know,  tried it for a little bit.  He had a wife and like young kids.  And I think they just felt like his wife was a teacher,  that their life was a little better in San Diego.  So they had kind of moved back.  And yeah, he was going to keep doing standup,  but he wanted to basically just get his old job back,  even if part time, just cause you know, he loved it  and it was great.  They loved him there.  But corporate had a rule that if you leave  and two years elapse, then you have to start back at step one.  And all of his like record,  everything he had done didn't matter.  He had to go back to the minimum wage job  that I was also applying for.  Oh my God.  So it was, and the beer resets too.  Right.  It didn't get to that third box.  Oh no.  Yeah. It feels like corporate and him  should have just cracked a couple of cold ones  and talked it out.  At least got him up to like mid range, you know?  You would think, but that was what I was witnessing  was him kind of arguing and being told this bad news  and him being like, come on guys, it's me.  Remember me.  And then being like, I'm sorry, this comes from corporate.  Wow.  So what does your experience starts  with a person you recognize,  but then kind of recently relevant person  being told they can't.  Right.  It's like just limited your expectations.  Well, but through my frame and lens,  I just saw a famous person wheeling and dealing  in the hiring office and I just had no idea.  And then when I went to like,  I got like a callback or whatever,  they liked my application, they brought me in  and you do like a little audition.  You like give a little spiel about animals  in front of like the tide pool exhibit or whatever.  And then the other person doing it when I was there  had just come back off of a national tour with Rockefeller.  And which- What?  I also didn't fully know how to contextualize  if that was like a big deal or not, I don't know.  But at the time I was like,  well, I'm definitely not getting this job.  I mean, this is for the big leagues.  This is like, wow.  Wait, are there multiple, if I've been a fool,  is Rockefeller not just four people  and the same four people from Carmen San Diego?  Are there, is it Bloomin' Man?  Are there a lot of Rockefellers?  Yeah, it's Bloomin'.  Yeah.  Geez.  So I'm not seeing the person who did the shoe-wop-a-doo-ay  on my favorite show I tolerated when I was eight.  Probably not.  Wow.  So there's multiple touring units of Rockefeller.  That was what this person told me.  It's franchises.  So the Rockefeller that played my senior week event  when I was graduating college and I was like,  oh, this picnic food is terrible  and Rockefeller is kind of sucks.  Like this all, I gotta go pack up my house.  I was just kind of bummed out.  I don't think I'll stay for the rest of Rockefeller.  Do you remember what Rockefeller sang?  Sorry to derail this with Rockefellertal.  Well, I think I bailed after the Where in the World  is Carmen San Diego song.  They did the Where is the World?  I'm pretty sure they did it.  What else are they gonna do?  What else are they gonna do?  Yeah, that's my, I'm the most curious  what is the second song they performed.  It's a good question.  Weird.  Sing it, Rockefeller.  Right, that was the thing.  Yeah.  Sing it.  It's a little exciting to hear in a room with microphones.  Sing it, Rockefeller.  Oh, this was in the quad during an unexpected  spring heat wave.  Well, look, they're more equipped than most acts  to perform acapella or rock-a-pella.  They don't need microphones necessarily.  Well, sure, look, they were just happy to know  where in the world they were that day.  Mike Love would like rock-a-pella  because of the acapella nature.  Yeah, well, and he does, because he's like the bo-po-po-bo-po,  he does that part of the harmony.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Light a rose.  They're a cool band to him.  They're an up and coming.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Like when three years ago he's like,  I'm gonna start collaborating with a big act of today,  Sugar Ray and Hanson.  Mike Love's failed.  Mark McGrath is on a lot of Beach Boys stuff recently.  Yeah, he's becoming.  He's like another extra member.  Satellite member, yeah.  He might, yeah, he might join up.  Of the Beach Boys now that are rock-a-pella.  He's with them a lot.  He's with them on specials, I feel like.  They'll do like a July 4th special,  and Mark McGrath is there with them.  You have a lot in common with Mike Love,  and to both of you, Mark McGrath is a big role.  Sort of like what John Mayer is to Grateful Dead?  Oh, maybe, yeah, yeah.  I think John maybe has done more dates even.  That but with zero musical talent or ability.  Right.  Look, Mark there is saying, I think,  do it again is what I've seen Mark do.  So I don't know why that specific song,  they want him there for that, but.  Easy.  Easy to sing?  Sorry, I'm throwing Mark under the bus here.  He seems like a lovely guy.  When you were, I think maybe you said,  kind of alluded to this,  when they said you would be an educator,  was there a 19-year-old pride in the idea of that word  and what your mission was then?  Absolutely, and they give you a little spiral-bound book,  and you go through a couple days of training  about basic facts about all the animals  and how to put together,  they give you template scripts for the spiel  that you're gonna do.  So how it works is you walk around Sea World,  if you go to one of the exhibits where there is an educator,  which are almost always ones  that also have open pools of water,  an educator will have a microphone,  they'll usually talk for five to 10 minutes  and then open it up for questions,  be like, hey, I'm here for questions  if anybody wants or whatever.  But I did, because I had just taken,  I had done a lot of marine biology stuff,  and I don't know if people actually wanted this,  but I really took pride in that I could speak for a full hour.  I could go out, I could do material  without recycling that much of it for a full hour,  just kind of giving not only the information  that Sea World provides,  but other information that I knew  from my marine biology classes,  and I could really inform the public about pinnipeds,  seals and sea lions, or about the intertidal zone,  or the manatees, or the shark exhibit,  which was one of my favorites,  and then I would kind of have whole things that I would do,  and I took a lot of pride in that.  Did this help, did that help you get the job?  I think my original, they had kind of callback auditions,  and I did one that I guess, I don't know.  Probably. Yeah.  But I was so nervous, because I thought  that only Hollywood up-and-comers were gonna get the job.  So I was, if I-  You had no credits.  Yeah, so I, exactly.  I'm close to having an IMDb page.  Why would they even pay attention to me?  But they gave me a shot,  so I remember trembling as I was delivering my spiel.  Wow. Wow.  Meanwhile, you're probably the dream,  you're probably the best they have.  Yeah, once I got in there,  I mean, there were definitely some people  who were very interested, and also definitely some people  who wanted to be dolphin trainer track,  but there were also people who were just like,  I don't know, I thought this would be a fun job,  or whatever.  Right. Okay.  Geez, interesting.  Okay, so you move past the intimidation.  Right.  Rockstar spiel.  How long are you there, ultimately?  How long do you do this for?  Yeah, well, the job was just for the summer, for me,  but it was like, you pick up four or five days a week,  or whatever, and they kinda rotate you around the park  throughout the day, so usually at one exhibit  for like an hour or two, at most.  And then one of them would be the Shamu kind of enclosure  in between shows, and you would talk to people,  and that's where I would say the lie  about their longevity and stuff like that.  But yeah, so that was basically the gig.  And then, you know, then things kinda happened.  Then I guess I could start kinda.  I think we have to go.  Sure, yeah.  I'm scared, but yes.  Well, I do, this is like a little bit of a warning.  I don't know, Scott, if you told these guys  a little bit about the stories,  a couple of the stories I have,  but I don't want people going into this not.  I did wait, because if you told them to me,  that would have been at the Funny or Die  15th Anniversary party where I was the drunkest  I've been in years.  Oh, okay, cool.  So I don't have them.  I don't have them.  This will be fresh.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I did not have them  to give to Mike and Jason.  No, we don't know anything.  This worked out perfect.  I'm so glad I got college-level drunk.  A little refresher for Scott,  and a totally new thing for me and Mike.  Yeah, too, it was their quinceañera.  Right.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Funny or Die quinceañera was the theme.  Yes, yeah, yeah.  And the hors d'oeuvres that were not present  were all Mexican food, I guess.  But I never got any.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember those.  They don't invite me to these parties anymore.  I used to be invited.  I think they invited everybody who worked there.  I stole a pillow, though.  That was the victory. Oh, nice.  I wanted to steal a pillow,  but they were all stolen by the time I wanted to steal one.  Well, and that's how they fell on hard times  where we're not able to keep pumping out  landlord style videos as much  because everyone's stealing the pillows,  taking a LaCroix to drink and a LaCroix to take home.  Well, they wanted me to, that was part of it.  That was like getting the beer from M.I. Sir Bush.  Hell, that was the toss.  It was assumed that you take as many pillows as you can.  Just people taking advantage of the good, wholesome folks  at private equity.  And again.  Same old story.  Same old story.  So there were a lot of like lore and stuff at SeaWorld,  like stories that you only hear if you work there,  but maybe I'll tell a couple of those  because they're the things that,  some of the things that stick with me.  The main, one of the ones that I had heard  even before I worked at SeaWorld,  because I think it's like corroborated in like press  and stuff like that, is the previous,  before Anheuser-Busch, the previous owner,  who again, I had kind of heard was Christian.  I kind of tried to verify that kind of stuff  before coming here to make sure.  You seem to just be the head of like a large publishing  company that then tried to get.  Hardcore.  Yeah, hardcore.  A division of hardcore.  Yeah.  And then they had to sell SeaWorld to Anheuser-Busch  because Giseline Maxwell's father tried to do  a hostile takeover of the company.  Whoa.  And in order to do that, they had to go into such massive  debt that they had to sell off SeaWorld.  Wow.  Yeah.  If you want to talk corporate wheelings and dealings,  that's the, if you guys have seen the new Tetris movie,  the bad guy in the new Tetris movie is the one and the same  that ultimately led to Hardcore having to.  Mr. Maxwell, what's the name?  Do we know the name of the?  Robert Maxwell.  I think so.  I believe also a Mossad spy.  Oh, really?  Maybe.  Like had some shady wheelings and dealings.  Well, he died mysteriously.  He like fell off a boat or something.  What?  Yeah.  He died very mysteriously.  In that group of people, a mysterious death?  Yeah.  I don't say.  That's hard to believe.  I certainly hope it was the last one.  So, but I think that guy, the Hardcore,  the guy that worked for Hardcore,  I think he's who they refer to when they say  the Christian guy, but he they SeaWorld is known.  If you go, even if you fly into San Diego,  you can't miss it.  There's a giant revolving tower, a big blue tower  with like kind of like a revolving platform on it,  distinctive on the San Diego skyline.  And apparently when they opened it,  they wanted to sort of like christen it  with like a big sort of ceremony.  And at SeaWorld, there was one of those places  where they have a lot of like peacocks roaming the grounds.  Sure.  You know, the Los Angeles Botanical Garden  is a similar place like that.  Philadelphia Zoo always had a lot of peacocks  roaming the ground.  Yeah, it's fun.  So I guess he took up some of those peacocks  to the top of the tower  and he was going to release them like doves.  No.  That's so high.  I don't think that works.  And so, I mean, yes.  Also, they definitely, even if peacocks  could have flown from there,  I think they clipped the wings.  Some.  So the man, the rich man, he threw peacocks  off the ledge of this, I don't know,  100 feet, 200, 300, 500 feet tower.  And apparently they just plummeted to their deaths.  What did you think was gonna happen?  I think that they would fly off gracefully  and christen his beautiful new tower.  They are birds.  Birds fly.  End of story.  Come with me.  You can throw one too.  That is.  What?  Yeah, so that's like a famous San Diego tale.  Oh my God.  How come we didn't find this doing our research?  Yeah, they tried to bury this one.  It wasn't, this wasn't on cworld.com.  No, there's not famous photos of this  like Walt opening Disneyland.  Well, that's the thing I remember.  I think if you go like micro-fiche digging  in like some like library,  you can maybe find the old article.  And I'd always hoped that there would be some image of it.  I don't know if anyone took it, but I've never seen it.  It might've been too, it was too much of a blur.  I don't know what speed they were following.  Mr. Sea World and.  Probably pretty fast.  Pretty fast, yeah.  The most beautiful blur you've ever seen in your life.  Jesus Christ.  It was a very impressive blur.  You've got to think if peacocks could really soar  like doves around tourist destinations  that are dirty with them.  You'd just be seeing soaring peacocks everywhere  all the time.  It'd be common iconography.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  The place of the soaring peacock.  Yeah.  But yeah, no.  Why don't we see this all the time?  It's so, peacocks aren't taking the initiative to fly.  He was just trying to give them the head start they needed.  It's like Sea World was not started  with a bunch of animal experts around.  That's what it seems like.  The knowledge was not.  Well, it was.  Not to derail from what you're saying,  but the backstory of it is like it was 1964.  Four UCLA frat brothers decided to start.  Stick some shit in some tanks or whatever.  Yeah, it was like we're gonna put a,  we're gonna make an underwater level of our restaurant.  Oh, that's too complicated.  All right, where's there a bunch of land we can grab?  Let's, so that is, that's the starting point.  So I guess it shouldn't be so insane  that now we got peacocks falling out of towers.  Yeah.  Oh my God.  So the other legend, and this was the one that I heard  when I was working there.  I hadn't heard this outside of it,  but it also involves birds.  Is that very famously the orcas,  seagull, this is the Mission Bay of San Diego  and seagulls are everywhere or whatever.  And famously, seagulls would land on the orca pool  and the orcas being the apex predator of the ocean  would eat them.  And, but I never personally got to see this,  but people would say that they would see it relatively often  where not only would they eat the seagulls,  but they would kind of like play with them  and toy with them like a cat,  but with a mouse before finally putting them  out of their misery.  And they would grab them by their feet, you know,  you can imagine a seagull kind of like with its swimming,  swimming calm on the surface,  but underneath their little feats are moving quite a bit.  And an orca would grab the feet and then pull it down  and kind of bring it almost to the point of drowning  and then pop it back up and kind of toy with it.  Right.  And then ultimately eat it.  So that is definitely something that corroborated  people would say would happen.  This next part of it is something that only was kind of  happened in lore.  Okay.  But so.  No lawsuits.  Oh yeah, is that something that.  I don't know.  It's different.  For the first time ever I am worried  after where we've landed.  I'll just say hard to put that on a t-shirt, you know.  Hard to put.  They play with them before they kill them.  Yeah.  Yeah, holograms were very popular in the 90s.  It's like, look, the seagull disappeared.  Where does it go?  So being Anheuser-Busch,  there is a very patriotic streak to the orca shows.  And in particular at every show, this was 2004,  or sorry, 2005, they would still play.  If you guys remember that Super Bowl commercial  that Anheuser-Busch did, that was kind of a retelling  of a real thing that happened when troops came back  from Afghanistan or Iraq where some troops came back  to like a civilian airport and still had their uniforms on.  And everyone in the airport stood and applauded for them.  That's like kind of like a story.  It was like a new story that happened.  And then for the Super Bowl in 2002 or 2003,  Anheuser-Busch did an ad where they kind of recreated that.  And it's a very like effective,  like kind of tear-jerking thing.  It's just everybody seeing the soldiers just kind of  like humbly getting off the plane and everybody stands.  And it's like a really like lovely,  like affecting patriotic moment.  And then that happens and then just Anheuser-Busch logo  just comes up.  They're taking that moment for themselves.  Yes, burnishing the brand.  Everything is just to make it.  So if you think of that, think of us.  Yeah, yeah.  We essentially did it.  Right, basically.  We came home.  So they would play that at every orca show,  at every Shamu show.  Come on.  They would say like, and we wanna,  welcome to the Shamu show and we wanna thank  our members who are in service,  our service members who are here today.  And they would play this commercial  before every Shamu show.  Oh my God.  So if you don't like the show you're about to see,  that is like spitting in the face of the troops.  Exactly.  So then that's what we,  that's what the orcas are here to do.  Is they're essentially part of the military or whatever.  They're basically, yeah, yeah.  They're the seabaring arm of.  Those were the brave men who killed  Pat Tillman and Chris Kyle, okay?  Show them some respect for this beer commercial.  Thank you for saying that.  Yeah.  So they would, and then for the later shows,  they would kind of go even further.  At one of the late night, like the, or not late night,  like kind of the prime time ones,  they would do something where the one of the trainers  would ride Shamu around the tank  and while riding Shamu plant an American flag  on the back of Shamu.  No.  In the hole?  No, just.  It's like implied that it's in the hole.  Come on.  But it could have been in the hole.  Probably what most spectators thought.  That's what it's kind of seeming as if.  An implied hole.  Into the hole.  But they're not just stabbing though.  No, like, I mean, you know, you watch it close,  they're gracefully just kind of like kneeling.  Okay.  On the orca, on Shamu, taking a fluttering American flag  and planting it on the back of Shamu  and doing a lap or two while,  like red, white and blue goes, whatever.  Okay.  You know what I'm saying, San Diego's also a military town.  Yeah, sure, sure.  Top Guns.  Right, exactly.  This is for the Top Gun people.  So. Oh my God.  That all, again, all things that happened corroborated.  Now this is the legend, which is that at one of these things,  what they used to do was have an eagle, a bald eagle,  a trained bald eagle soar over the tank  at like kind of the crescendo of the patriotic moment.  Maybe you see where this is going.  And the legend is that the eagle, the bald eagle,  the glorious bald eagle flew a little too close to the tank  and one of the orcas leaped up and ate it.  Took him into his mouth.  Oh.  The greatest moment in American history.  People probably thought that was part of it.  It was incredible.  They're like, yeah, okay, all right.  And now the eagle is within us.  Yeah.  Maybe they thought like the whale would go somewhere else  and then like open the mouth and the eagle would fly out.  And they're like, okay, it must, this is a theme park.  This is not real.  Proud Shamu, chomp that bald eagle down.  Suck, oh, hang on.  That's never happened.  All right.  Proud to be an American.  Rawr.  Oh, and like, and also it's like far enough away,  I feel you'd be like, wait.  What was that?  Everyone is kind of like leans forward.  Like, wait a minute, what was that?  That artist who drew all the rainforest t-shirts  and the Joe Camel ads gets an assignment,  gets an assignment in his mail.  And he's like, Shamu eating eagle.  I don't even know how to.  Shamu mid eagle chomp.  Mid eagle, I don't know.  Is he, is the eagle supposed to?  Who's the client on this one?  They look like they're in pain  or should it look like it's a death they couldn't even feel.  Everyone's meaning to do this.  Should it look like everything?  Everyone's meaning to do this.  I mean, the true disappointment has to be  that they couldn't make it happen every show.  They only had so many eagles.  Bald eagles are expensive.  Maybe, yeah, look, seagulls are dime a dozen, but.  The people in charge of SeaWorld,  it seems like morally they'd be like, you know what?  That was bad, but kind of cool.  Maybe we'd do it every time.  Maybe.  They'd ran a feasibility study  of how can we make this happen.  That's a better finish for the show.  Everybody would want to see that.  I want to, don't you wish you were there?  Sure, yeah, and hey, extra cases all around.  We're celebrating.  This is lightning in a bottle, folks.  The whale eats the bird.  They did also, I keep forgetting to mention,  they did have a Clydesdale beer garden.  They had Clydesdales in SeaWorld at the time.  Oh, I remember that in theme parks.  Yeah, any of the other bush parks.  They didn't station us at the Clydesdales  to give Clydesdale facts, but.  Didn't they ever eat any?  The horses.  The massive beasts.  Just kids, just guests.  Did they ever send a horse off a giant diving board  at SeaWorld?  Oh, like in the Perry Mason,  like they were just talking about in Perry Mason.  I don't know, it feels like in the early days,  they must have done it. I didn't see anything.  Because that was like a common old thing  that they used to do. Yeah.  But it feels like SeaWorld's opening year,  they've tried stuff out.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, nobody was documenting it,  so you didn't know what happened.  The only way to make it cooler is if they could launch,  if a Clydesdale could jump off a ramp,  it itself eat a bald eagle.  Oh, yeah. And then Shamu eats the whole Clydesdale.  Yeah. Oh, yeah.  That would have been the thing to strive for.  I mean, basically the second Meg, Meg 2 trailer.  Oh, really?  A dinosaur eats another dinosaur  and then gets eaten by a Meg.  Wow, wow.  Do you think SeaWorld is looked into trying to breed Megs?  Oh, yeah. Yes.  Orcas off the table, but get the Megs going.  There's no regulations on that.  These movies are real big.  There has to be like BD Wong's character  from Jurassic World in SeaWorld,  as far as like a geneticist  who's trying to figure things out.  And like maybe if you can,  maybe to get around all the moral issues,  you just breed whales that don't feel anything.  Right. They don't feel emotions.  They don't have like pain receptors.  And then that's the way you get around it.  That makes a lot of sense.  Isn't that what Deep Blue Sea was?  Didn't they, they were trying to make smarter sharks.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So they could make the sharks do tricks.  Right, right.  And so the sharks could show up,  could like pop up at specifically very shocking times.  Yes, exactly.  Like these sharks are so smart,  they can interrupt a monologue.  They can.  Somebody thinks they're gonna survive, yeah.  Whoever's doing this genetic stuff  is probably working on two projects.  One for the military, one for theme parks.  Yeah.  Same, but it's basically the same concept of like.  That's one for you, one for them.  Right, we control them.  One of them kills, one of them puts on a fun little show.  That is most of, I think, the Jurassic Park movies  and also most of Michael Crichton's bibliography.  Yeah, it's true.  That is very true.  And yeah, one for the military, one for little treats.  Right, we have one.  One shark can like turn into,  have human legs spring out and run on land  and eat a bunch of people.  And then another shark can sing rock-o-pella.  Yeah.  Can sing in a perfect harmony with other sharks.  They're working on a lot of things, I bet.  I would certainly prefer the touring iteration  of rock-o-pella that has a singing shark in it.  Yeah, oh yeah.  I don't think I'd ever go see the all-human again.  Maybe, yeah, maybe you would just want one shark  on the rock-o-pella team too.  An all-human and then a shark.  Pops them.  Do up.  Chomp it, rock-o-pella.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Do they wear straw hats, rock-o-pella,  or are they too cool for that?  The shark does, yeah.  The shark does.  Oh, the shark does.  Yeah, he'll wear whatever, if you breed him right,  he'll wear whatever you want.  Yeah, yeah.  Well, and you teach a shark to burp out the big red fedora.  Mm.  Oh, that's good.  At the end of the show.  Right onto the head of the one who's, where's my hat?  And folks, don't worry, we don't have to worry  about Carmen Sandiego anymore.  Chomp it, you got her.  She's dead.  She did.  Oh, it's her fedora, I see.  Okay, or it could be the pesky rock-o-pella guy.  Yeah, the one trying to unionize the rock-o-pella gang.  Yeah.  Chomp he got to.  Yeah, yeah, the shark on rock-o-pella is a union buster.  Yeah, it's a pinkerton.  It'll go right to management and get rid of the one  who's causing trouble and trying to unionize rock-o-pella.  They sent the shark to that Magic the Gathering YouTuber,  the one who would like, God, did you hear about this?  No, no.  Oh, this.  I know what you're talking about.  A YouTuber was reviewing a new deck of Magic  the Gathering stuff, and Wizards of the Coast sent security  to go like, how did you get ahold of that?  Wasn't released yet.  Oh.  And they sent the pinkertons.  Read this was like very recently?  In the last month.  Wow.  Yeah.  Jeez.  There was a, did Nintendo, somebody stole some software  and Nintendo was making them like.  Bowser.  Pay all of their money.  I think his name was like.  No, Doug Bowser is the man now in charge.  Oh, right.  That's different.  Reggie, I believe.  But I think the guy also had a weird name.  There's a guy named Doug Bowser.  Works at Nintendo now.  Really?  His name is Doug Bowser.  Yes, yes.  But Nintendo's like making people pay.  There's somebody did something that's against the rules  and like, they're like making this person pay  the rest of their like salary to Nintendo  for the rest, like 10 years or the rest of their life  or something.  Garnish his wages for the rest of his living.  But he has to still work there.  No, he doesn't work at Nintendo, I don't think.  No, he just.  He just wronged them so severely  that he owes them for life.  Yeah, and I don't know if they like modded the,  I don't remember, it didn't seem like a big deal to me.  No.  Whatever it was.  These are games we're talking about.  We're talking about children's games.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Need to ruin a life.  My God, wow.  This is, what a place.  So now, so if you guys are up for it,  I can now take you to the deepest depths of my experience.  Oh no, we're not there yet.  Oh my God.  Made country.  You slowly lured us from in the shark cage.  We're getting used to the pressure down here.  All right.  All the way to the floor zero.  Okay, so Max, Max Gis Lane.  There's a little island in Sea World.  No, Robert Gis Lane had a beef with his neighbor.  They're secret, they're secret Maxwells  who live under the sea.  They're too grotesque to live up with us.  Sea World, Little St. James opened.  A little black book.  A little black and white book of orcas.  So, okay.  So here's a story of what happened to me personally,  which so I think that that is like legally okay, right?  If I say that, that like I would say this.  Sure, yeah, yeah, it happens.  I experienced this, so I can't be sued for it.  So there's a lot of weird stuff that happens at,  you know, an oceanarium within,  with the animals themselves.  And I bet this similar stuff happens at zoos  and any place where you keep animals in captivity.  And you know, I'm not a big animal liberation guy  by any means.  I like an aquarium, I like a zoo, I like all those things.  But you do have to admit that probably some  of the higher order mammals,  they're not having the best time.  Sure. Seems like it.  And so one common thing that happens is  that the animals are all, they get horny.  They get horny for each other.  And so you kind of, you'll see this very often.  I would see it at the, one of the dolphin exhibits,  the commerce and dolphins,  which are kind of like black and white spotted,  similar to orcas, but they're smaller, they're cool.  This was near the journey to Atlantis ride.  We haven't even talked about the rides at SeaWorld.  Sorry, guys.  Who needs them?  I'm deleting all of this from the notes.  This is all, this is, we're doing this.  So, but you would often see them pop little erections  and chase each other around.  And it kind of felt like a little bit like, you know,  those old timey, old timey movies where a lecherous man  would, you know, just chase the secretary around the.  Right.  Benneal.  Yeah, like a Benneal kind of thing.  It felt that way a little bit.  And you know, who knows that the, I,  they said that they liked it or something.  I don't know.  It were whatever they're doing, what you got to do.  It seems like a bit of an oversimplification.  Sure.  Who knows, but animals are being animals.  Sure.  This place hasn't lied yet, right?  Yeah. Yeah.  So, so the thing that I witnessed happened  at the manatee exhibit.  So the manatee exhibit was manatee rescue.  And it was an exhibit where they had four manatees,  all of which had been rescued from the waters of Florida.  All of them had scars from boats, from being hit by boats.  And all like one of them was in particular,  what had mostly lost its tail.  It was kind of the runt of the four.  And so the, so the exhibit, the manatees,  because there were so many being rescued,  again, this is all what they told us.  So I don't know if it's true.  The manatees were, who were being rescued,  outnumbered the number that they could hold in captivity.  So they had a breeding hold on all manatees in captivity.  So to facilitate that,  they would just have single sex habitats.  So all four of these manatees were male.  And I sort of noticed during the summer,  there's like late nights at Sea World.  And kind of later on, there would be fewer people  and the animals would start acting a little bit stranger.  And so one strange thing I witnessed one night, for example,  was manatees famously, or famously,  something interesting about manatees  is they're actually most closely related to elephants  than any other, than a marine animal.  If you kind of do like an X-ray of their flippers,  you can kind of see like an elephant kind of foot  type of thing if you squished it down,  if it adapted by squishing it, it's fin,  it's elephant foot down.  They also are the only marine mammals that are strict,  that are vegetarian.  They only eat plants.  And so at Sea World, they would just feed them  like huge heads of lettuce.  They would just throw big heads of lettuce in  and that's what they would eat.  At Epcot too, I've witnessed.  Oh really?  They have a couple of rescued manatees  that are, they're not in great shape.  Little Joe?  Yeah, Little Joe.  Yeah.  Oh wow, you know them.  I know Little Joe, yeah.  Well you know, and so yeah they.  We've seen them.  Celebrity.  They have them on stage and all, on stage quote unquote,  but it's just tanks.  They don't make them do anything,  but they're always throwing them stalks of lettuce.  Yeah, totally.  So if you get there during feeding time,  they're just going hog wild on the lettuce.  So one night I went,  this is one of those like disturbing images  that like I have in my mind.  The, I came in, no one was really there, a few people,  but all the manatees were together.  They were all floating down to the bottom of the tank,  chewing sand.  And that's another thing about manatees is they chew.  They're the only marine mammal that chews.  It's like they have a bunch of molars and they like,  they chew.  So they were going down to the bottom of the tank,  getting heaping mouthfuls of sand  and chewing it as they rose to the top  and then vomiting just bright green.  Just like the water was like flooded with bright green,  which I assumed was lettuce being,  yeah, or algae or something being regurgitated,  but they were all doing it, which was very odd.  So that was one, that was a manatee evening.  And then now what I'll tell you is another manatee evening.  So I went one night to my manatee exhibit.  Are you alone?  This is, I believe it's just you and.  Yeah, you're the only person in the park.  So it felt that way.  I would, I was 19.  And if you're bored, we didn't have,  we had cell phones and we didn't have smartphones  or anything like that.  So the thing I would do to kind of occupy myself  is I would have little Olympics at every exhibit where like,  oh, I'm gonna try to jump and hit this beam  and have a little long jump at the shark exhibit  where a bridge was this long  and try to jump at the whole bridge.  And I would do that kind of, whatever,  just to occupy myself as a teen boy.  So I was doing my manatee exhibit Olympics  of like a high jump of trying to hit the beams.  And I.  Hey there, Scott here.  At this point in the conversation,  Matt's story took a somewhat uncomfortable turn  and we at Podcast the Ride made an executive decision  to censor the story in our tried and true method  pioneered a few years ago by Evan Susser.  And I started to notice that one of the larger,  the largest manatee got.  The moves like birds, you get the moves like birds.  Hail.  And the thing about manatees is they're.  Move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move,  slides back.  So the big manatee was very slow.  Move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move.  And it was very clear to me, I mean,  it seemed to me any, you know, cognizant, you know,  living person or thing would know that  the two other manatees on the other side started.  Move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move.  And then they each.  Slides back.  Wow.  Uncute and I am supposed to like.  And I was just dumbstruck.  Just, this is crazy.  This is, I'm not, this is gonna stick with me  for the rest of this day.  But as a 19 year old, I may not have been able  to get out of bed for two days.  Yeah, that might be a God has abandoned us sort of moment.  Yeah, I may have just denounced.  At least in David Cronenberg, either David or the son  got in a moment.  Yeah.  This is what the world is capable of.  I mean, in a way, this is why I needed to come here  to bear witness to this.  Sure.  I could finally release it.  You've been carrying this around for a long time.  Also SeaWorld is canceled.  Now officially, I say.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So that's why, that's what I wanted to see.  Once you heard my testimony, what do you believe now?  You suddenly kicked it over the, like a, you know,  a whale or a seal nudging a ball into a tank.  It is, you have nudged it fully into the canceled tank.  I'm going to be able to hold the whole ocean  after I hear this.  Well, but so let me say a few things.  Okay, sure.  Go ahead.  Like not, you know, unlike an orca,  perhaps it's not all black and white.  Okay.  SeaWorld does have an extensive sea lion  and seal rescue program in San Diego.  At every beach where you see seals and sea lions,  there's a phone number that you call  if you see one in distress.  And as far as I know, this is a reputable and good program  where if you see a sea lion with like plastic bag  or something like that, they have people on call all the time  who will come and help seals and sea lions.  They also have some sort of research institute there.  They do do, they do function as, you know,  an education sort of institution in the way that a zoo does.  I'm sure the Institute and the rescue people  are happy to be following that story.  I just, I just don't, you know, I don't want.  Now you guys are in.  You know, as I'm here, you know, canceling SeaWorld  or re-canceling SeaWorld or, or I just, to me,  it's complicated feelings.  Cause also this was an important, you know,  this is a seminal time in my life.  This is when I was 19.  Yes.  You are also human with a sense of morality  that animals that not operating at that level of brain power,  they don't have any necessarily sense of right and wrong.  That's right.  But the question is, would that behavior happen in the wild?  Right.  Or are they driven insane by being in the tanks  next to the Dippin' Dots?  Right.  You know?  I'm hearing the same music over and over and over.  Hearing the same idiots yammering on a microphone  through their like garbled water.  Yeah.  They're really murmuring to each other.  This guy thinks he's so,  cause he's got an hour of material.  I don't want this one to shut the fuck up.  Usually they give us at least some similar.  I like that guy who just points to the pictures.  Dan Van had an hour of standup,  you had an hour of facts about marine biology.  Yeah.  This is kind of a big question I had with SeaWorld  in the last decade or so.  He's just, I was always like,  man, they are really building a lot of roller coasters.  They are really leaning into the roller coasters.  And certainly the back at Lash from Blackfish  would explain that, but also I was like,  oh yeah, I guess it's occurring to me now.  Like, yeah, there's probably other weird stuff  behind the scenes where you mentioned  they were sold to Anheuser-Busch in 1989.  And then in 2009, they got sold to Blackstone,  the investment in private equity group,  which at one point in time owned 50% of Universal Orlando.  And Universal Orlando bought that out  for just over a billion dollars in 2011.  So they fully owned it outright.  Blackstone-  We can continue to like them.  Yeah.  Unlike the, isn't the Great Wolf Lodge in this family?  Great Wolf Lodge has some stuff with Blackstone  cause that came up a lot.  And then let's see other one, Merlin Entertainment,  who does the Lego lands and a lot of parks in Europe.  They're under Blackstone.  Merlin Entertainment, by the way,  much better name for a company that owns theme parks  versus Blackstone.  Blackstone, yeah.  Look at Merlin, he's a hooky wizard man, right?  Blackstone.  They're trying to, well, SeaWorld is trying to escape  the shadow of Blackfish.  So that's why they've partnered with Blackstone.  Yeah.  Blackstone, by the way,  so one of the worst Wikipedia criticism sidebars  I've ever seen, it just says,  illegal child labor,  T-Far station of the Amazon rainforest,  United Nations condemnation of the Invitation Homes Project  and lobbying efforts.  So that just the bad vibes, the vibes on that.  So it's like, okay, that's who owns SeaWorld now.  But even they were like, all right, you gotta,  we're gonna lean more into the roller coasters  than the little shows.  Mm-hmm.  So, and that, so the other thing is,  I'm a big roller coaster junkie, I love roller coasters.  And so the fact that there's actually a bunch  of sick ass roller coasters in my hometown  also makes me wanna go back.  I don't know if you had a chance to hit any of the rides  or anything when you went back to the city.  Well, yes, so I'm there,  again, and I'm there before I heard any of what you just said.  Again, now we have to do all, we did distancing before,  I'm gonna do distancing now.  Everyone here, make sure you distance.  But regardless of any of that, we did kinda hate it.  I think I was on record,  I did like a Patreon trip report.  The Sesame Street Dance Party was nice,  and then from that point on, so hot, no shade,  didn't feel like seeing, didn't see shows,  coasters don't work for Kiddo,  the crazy lines for everything, crazy crap.  Realized quickly, oh, his favorite attraction today  has been the hangers for the shirts in the gift store.  Well, we have those at home.  And then, I mean, really where I hit the wall,  hey, the animal stuff, whatever,  but the bad food, that's where I drew the line.  I've had this at different theme parks over the years  where if it's getting into the dinner hour,  and especially the heat you're feeling  of having to feed the kid, and you realize,  oh, all the food here is shit,  and it's 45 minutes to get the shit,  and wait, if we leave right now,  the only food he eats is chicken tenders.  So we could go to a Ralph's  and get better, cheaper chicken tenders,  and not be in SeaWorld anymore.  So that was the choice we made.  I gave some consideration to maybe I'll catch a lift  to meet you guys, I'll go look at Journey to Atlantis,  because that seems kind of cool.  The longest line, and there was so much COVID around  that point, like, do I wanna get COVID,  or just weird water poisoning somehow  from all the wet people in this line?  It's just all like, nope, out, out, tapping out, done.  So that was my little trip report,  not dying to go back necessarily.  So coasters I can't speak to.  Were any of those there when you were there?  Only Journey to Atlantis and the Raft Ride were there.  The Rapids are on?  What's that?  The Rapids are on?  Yeah, the Rapids Ride.  Journey to Atlantis, I watched a couple ride throughs,  it's very interesting, because it has a big log flume drop,  long set up for a short roller coaster, Jackson,  and then another log flume drop.  But it's not a shoot to shoot,  it's listed as a water coaster.  Okay.  Those melded rides are interesting.  I think there's one of those at Lotte World  we just talked about.  I like the idea of the melding of water ride and coaster,  but it seems like they don't always pan out the best.  Like this one scene, I don't know,  I watched a ride through, like, is it good?  Did you do it?  Is it good?  It's funny, I was like, I swear that it was there  because I remember the dolphins,  which are in the Atlantis area,  and I know I would have done the ride,  but I didn't really have any sense memory  of having done it, but I'm pretty sure  it was open at the time, so I must have gone on it,  but I have no sense memory of it,  which indicates to me that it was forgettable  or that I didn't happen to go on it.  But I remember, I mean, I definitely went on the Raft Ride  a bunch.  Sure, sure.  Forever.  Those are solid, usually, it's hard to get those.  I mean, this is also like, I was there at the transition,  like, it was crazy that they had a roller coaster at all.  Like, that seemed really strange to us  because that just wasn't what,  it was like having a roller coaster at the zoo.  Like, literally, it would have been like that.  Oh, yeah, yeah, kinda strange.  But I kind of been doing some research  and watching some videos and stuff.  It seems like the coasters are pretty solid.  I don't know, it seems like they've really  been going into them.  Yeah.  There was just, a couple days ago,  as we're recording this, there was a media day  for a new coaster at SeaWorld in Orlando,  like a stand-up surfing-themed coaster.  So, like, they're pumping them out,  and there's Arctic Rescue, which is like,  a snowmobile-themed kind of roller coaster  is opening soon out here.  Oh, okay, they had an Arctic,  they had the Arctic Rescue before.  I thought that's what it was called.  But it was a, kind of like a Star Tours kinda thing.  What do you call those ones?  Like a simulator?  A simulator ride, where you simulated  going down into the Arctic,  and going to an Arctic station.  It was kinda cool, because it was,  you would line up, you would go into a helicopter  or something, and have a bumpy ride,  and you would see the polar bears and stuff,  and then you would land,  and then you would be at Arctic Station,  and then that was where all the animals were.  So you had to do the ride to go see the-  Oh, it was like a pre-show to a full-  Yeah, to a full, and to a full exhibit,  to polar bears and penguins and beluga whales.  But wait, do they have this now,  but they aren't running the simulator?  Or did I just go into it in a way  where I didn't do the simulator?  I know it was possible to do without the simulator,  but you had to plead disability or something like that.  Or maybe COVID protocol,  don't lock everybody in a room with that plane.  Yeah, it's also possible the ride  just doesn't work anymore or something.  Well, that's what happened,  that there was this Mars restaurant in New York.  Of course, Mars 2121.  Mars 2121, yeah, we did a whole show about it.  We sure did, yes, with an audience.  And people seem to be very fond of it.  But there was a simulator that got you to Mars  until the simulator broke and their solution was  no more simulator.  That was the classic bit on UCB Herald Night  was that we're gonna go to Mars,  get dinner there as a Herald team.  Oh.  But my team's never, we always like,  eh, we don't really wanna do that.  I have no idea what, just to take a wild stab,  I bet that place was way too expensive for,  for the bit. Oh, yeah.  I bet your team ends up racking up,  like this joke cost us four times  what a good meal would cost.  Sure, that's true.  Just to guess.  It is funny, cause like, the building of the,  like, you know, is the Sesame Street fully built now?  Cause you were there before it was,  they fully opened like their whole Sesame Street,  I believe.  Now, oh, you mean, well, there is now a full other,  they also own, it used to be a water park called Aquatica,  now that has become Sesame Place.  The second Sesame, right.  And that's open.  And I remember thinking,  that seems like a short timeline to convert a,  whatever it was, to convert a water park into Sesame Street.  And I talked to somebody who went and they said,  it seems like they maybe didn't have a lot of time to,  all right, yes, confirmed.  Okay.  I heard one not good review,  but I don't know, maybe people in the audience have been.  But now, because they think,  now they think it's redundant to have a little Sesame Street  in Sea World and that whole other park.  So they're converting the little Sesame Street.  So the only thing I went for will soon be gone.  Okay.  They're just gonna paint over all the rides  and they're calling it Rescue Junior,  which is not a good name.  No.  I don't think you, verbs shouldn't get junior.  Is junior being rescued?  Like it's an action, like we have to rescue junior?  No, because it has like a period, it's JR period.  So it is like, it's a junior version of rescuing.  Kids doing the rescuing.  But isn't rescue kind of a, that's a concept.  That's like, it's saying democracy junior.  But that suggests kids doing democracy.  Which they should be allowed to do.  Yes, they should.  Well, I've advocated for six year olds to be able to vote.  To do, yeah, democracy junior.  They've recycled a lot of terms at Sea World.  Did you guys come across the submarine quest ride?  Yes.  There's a great defunct plan about this.  Where it was like, new management took over,  they were really pumping up this big new area  and they were gonna put in this ride called submarine quest.  And this is post, this is a CEO who has the impossible task  of we have to get, change everybody's notion of Sea World.  It's so dark, there's been this documentary, what do we do?  This area is gonna wait till you see,  prepare to be dazzled.  And it's like the opposite of,  we just talked to Rachel Bloom about  like different fit to not stuff.  And when nots kinda doubled down,  the whole Cedar Fair organization of like,  we gotta get some new dark rides in there.  We gotta start competing with Disney and Universal.  We gotta get some rides like that.  Sea World's seemingly less successful.  It was a submarine ride that was above everything,  like the people mover is.  And it was supposed to be very dark,  but it was always sunlight.  When it was huge.  It ran in broad daylight.  And it's just, there's coral above everything  and there's a bad touch screen in the ride  and the most annoying.  That you can't see because it's bright.  You can't see it.  All for the, for 80% of the ride.  There's one or two rooms where it's like,  you're in, you're underwater.  Where it's a little better,  but mostly it's just a very shrill robot screaming at you.  Well, and then that culminates in again,  all right, so submarine quest.  Get ready to go below.  This is the word is submarine.  They give you literally the opposite.  You go above and it is dry.  Yes, yeah, you were in the air.  Whatever the proper term for that would be.  And then the finale is this one room  that where there is, you encounter a big digital octopus  in a place where you could see a real octopus.  Yeah.  And so, ooh, look, I did it.  And like, oh, you mean, so, but like on a big old screen,  well spread out over six screens,  like the one in this room.  It's spread, you know, like if we put a bunch  of those together, that's as good as one big screen, right?  And then you see it briefly  and then the robot screams at you and you leave.  And then a jet of water shoots at one person  out of the six in the car.  Just like one, you just get hit by a hose blast.  Only the person in the front right.  Wasn't even randomized.  Well, they pick whoever in the car seems the most annoying.  Yeah, yeah.  Who's most like the robot on the screen, you know?  And this is still in operation?  No, this closed down in like 2018.  It closed in seven months.  It closed very quickly.  So much, but yeah, this is really rare.  Maybe the most notorious Disney flops are gone really fast,  but even those are exceedingly rare.  For something to only make it seven months,  when it's been picked as like, this is what's this,  say goodbye documentary, we got a plan.  And then they're putting out videos  which Kevin puts in so many of those,  like the team that's so excited.  And here's the vehicle.  Wow, we can't wait to have you.  And then all this buildup and then it's gone in seven months.  It's gone.  This was a video, the video about it,  the defunct lane about it was one that I was like hitting  the 10 seconds back a lot.  I was like, no, that can't be right.  That absolutely can't be right.  Because they're also open these giant blockbuster,  well-received roller coasters.  They also, the ride submarine quest is in a,  not a land, but a realm.  It's in their new realm.  It's SeaWorld's new realm, Ocean Explorer.  You know, so the way Disneyland has fantasy land  and tomorrow land here, their realm is called Ocean Explorer.  So a lot of people, there's even like,  there was some press thing where somebody works  with a company like, so tell us about your new ride,  Ocean Explorer.  And the guys to go, well, our new realm, Ocean Explorer  is opening with a ride submarine quest.  But Ocean Explorer sounds like the name of a ride  and what they opened could have been called Ocean Explorer.  So that does not negate what it was  as opposed to submarine quest,  which is the opposite of what it is.  Realm is a fantastical sounding word as well.  One of the cool, imagine if you could actually access a realm.  Yeah, Merlin knows about realms,  but like practical, real animals.  Coin of the realm.  Yeah.  That's exciting.  And yet in this case, a realm is just where you like,  it's just a realistic, it's got a swing ride.  That's what's in the realm.  The swing ride appeared to be the best received  in the realm.  Better than the marquee attraction.  Yeah.  So they took down almost immediately  and then had CEO quit.  I just, this was the plan.  What happened?  I don't understand.  I am baffled by, it seems like they had ample junctions  to fix that ride.  Yeah, really.  Absolutely.  Just L after L.  Like they could have enclosed, that was the other thing.  These so-called submarines open on the,  really open on each side of the vehicle.  And like they easily could have like closed them off  and put a screen or done something to save it.  But I think it was just beyond saving at that point.  They were all flailing.  I mean, it feels karmic, right?  It feels like this was like a karmic time for them  where everything that they had been doing came back at them.  Blackfish came out.  Oh.  And just kind of a reckoning internally.  And their PR response to blackfish was terrible.  Like they kept saying, oh, it's propaganda.  It's propaganda.  It's like propaganda for what?  And then there was like a thing where  there was like an open survey.  And then they're like, well, out of nearly 400 responses,  most people said they didn't think it was a problem.  They didn't think it was bad.  And then they tracked like nearly 200 of those responses  to a SeaWorld IP address.  What?  Which they then doubled down on.  It's like, well, that was employees coming up  and using this computer to express their pleasure.  That was the, they just kept doing  the worst crisis PR you've ever seen.  200 educators indicated they thought everything was fine.  Yeah.  Interesting.  And what's your dog?  Another educator seemed random to me.  And these people had,  for everybody could fill this form out freely.  There was not a shark hovering above the computer  ready to be unleashed if what they filled out  was not someone's liking.  So I'm trying to remember what it was.  The most positive stuff they have had  have been the big roller coasters.  And then at some seasonal events, they go like,  okay, we're bringing back the two seven ounce  pure beer pours for guests.  We're bringing back the free beer.  Yeah.  And people like that.  People love that.  I think Bush Garden started doing that too sometimes.  Just giving people free beer.  Just that was a thing.  They're like that we by popular demand,  we brought back the free beer.  If I had found an easier way to get beer  without standing in a giant line,  maybe I would have stuck it out.  Maybe I wouldn't have complained about it  on this than on a previous episode.  You needed to be loaded.  Yeah, yeah.  That was your secret there.  You would think like,  cause every time you mix theme park and animal,  never good.  Almost everyone, there's famously at least some stories  about something bad happening  at the very least at the start of the endeavor.  This one specifically continued for a long time.  I don't know what's going on.  I can't tell you if the people,  the animals in the tank are happy and the zoo.  I don't know.  Yeah.  I don't know if animal kingdom animals are happy.  You know what I mean?  They're all mixed together in a way that is ungodly,  essential they're together.  But seemingly it's okay right now.  But I would think the SeaWorld people would like,  once Blackfish was introduced,  they all sat down and they're like,  well, we had a good run.  Let them go.  We know, let's turn the key.  We have all the rides ready to go.  Time to close up the fish shop.  It feels like they are though.  They're phasing to being just like a roller coaster ride.  Yeah.  I guess, but again,  the people who love those animals the most  are the trainers.  They've sure, that was who I was working with  were people who, it was their childhood dream  to become a dolphin trainer.  They love the dolphins.  They just wanted to know everything about them.  They wanted to work with them.  I'm sure that that's kind of an incredible,  honestly then they were gods,  because they weren't, there wasn't this Paul,  there wasn't this sense that maybe what you were doing  was wrong.  Instead just to be a dolphin trainer.  I mean, you would look at kids watching the trainers  when they would come out and stuff after a show,  the kids would swamp them for autographs  and stuff like that.  Sure.  And yet you didn't ultimately take the next step.  Your journey stopped at Educator.  It did.  Yeah, yeah.  So this is a story that when I was thinking about  coming here, this is not as big as the things  that I'd said before, but for me,  I re-looked at an event that happened in a new light.  And it was, you know those moments in your life  where you're like, oh, I wish I had done this differently.  Like, damn it, had I just done that thing,  everything would be different.  I had one of those at SeaWorlds  where there was one of my bosses.  She was a little older.  You know, I was 19, I was a single man  and I had a strong crush on this educator manager.  She, I was from a SoCal boy and she was from,  I believe Buffalo.  And she had like a raspy Buffalo voice that I found,  like I just loved, I couldn't get enough of it.  Sure.  Anyways, I was always like, ooh, if only,  maybe I could ask her out.  I don't know, she's older than me, who knows?  But one day she was like tasked with shadowing me  at my position and to write up a report on my spiel,  on my whole thing.  And I'm like, hell yeah, like it's her, it's me,  I can do this, I'm gonna show her my hour,  I'm gonna crush this, like everything's gonna,  I'm gonna get bumped up, promoted to become one of like  the big educators and maybe I'll get a date  out of this whole thing.  But then they scheduled me at the one exhibit  that I like never went to because of like a quirk  of the scheduling.  I had never developed like an hour or whatever  for the pinnipets, for the seals and sea lions.  And that's where they stuck me for this.  And I kind of like stammered and didn't do a good job  and I did my best.  And she, afterwards she was like, hey, you know,  you're okay, you know.  And she didn't know that I didn't say like,  this is my first time here or my second time at this,  but I didn't say anything, just kind of gave me a B  and kind of was that, was that.  And I'd always been like, that was it.  I could have gotten the girl, I could have gotten the job.  I mean, now, old, now in my life, looking back,  like that was not a turn that I wanted my life  to go down at all.  Anyway, I love my, I have a beautiful wife and kid  and I love my life now.  There's no reason I needed to go with that woman.  I certainly didn't want to work, start going down the path  of, you know, dropping out of college  because I could be going on the trainer track  or something for dolphins.  Like I don't, I didn't want that.  But I never.  I'm the person taking peacocks up into a tower  to drive them.  It's going to work this time.  I know, I'm the whisperer.  It sounds like you're trying to convince yourself  right here that that wasn't the right decision.  That's all I'm saying.  Maybe I'm still in the room.  You don't know, really.  To your penthouse forum,  I never thought it would happen to me.  I fucked up my pinniped presentation and lost the girl.  How much older was she than you?  Maybe two years.  But then when you're 19, that's everything.  That's true.  Yeah.  No, it could have been 15 or it could have been one  in my head.  Maybe she was like six months older.  Yeah, yeah.  You're like, why?  She was a sophomore, rising junior.  Like there's no way.  You imagine though.  Seniors in college, when I was in underclassmen,  I was like, oh man, they've got to figure it out.  They're real artists.  They're real adults.  They're making real work.  They're making real work.  Yeah, and then we became seniors.  And it's like, it's just terrifying.  I don't want to leave this.  This lovely crib, this liberal arts crib.  I don't want to go out into the real world.  You're a do-gaga.  I don't want to leave.  You're a do-gaga.  The bar has the buy a pitcher of beer,  get a token for another pitcher of beer deal.  It's unclear how they make any money.  Does that happen out in the world?  That doesn't happen.  What about mozzarella sticks?  I don't think they had a kitchen,  but the bill is couple doors down.  Really?  Wow, okay.  You could bring stuff over again.  I believe it was a bring your Jimmy Johns over to that bar.  Wow.  Maybe they had a deal with Jimmy John people.  Jason, this was your peak.  This was my dear fan house for him.  I fucked up the sandwich bar.  You should have stayed in the crib.  I should have stayed in the Ithaca crib.  You should have married a sandwich.  I know.  The Van Wilder.  Married a sandwich.  Jason showed up at Van Wilder  where he's still at school, married to a sandwich.  Bought a lot more sandals and fleece vests.  I could have had it all.  I think there's still time.  Yeah.  You can go back.  I keep getting older,  but the sandwich, it stays the same.  Yeah.  Sandwich with a wig on.  Jason's bride.  The lipstick I put on it only grows more beautiful.  Just have to replace the bread.  You just replace the bread and the meat at different times  so there's continuity with the other old sandwich.  It's like the boat or whatever.  The boat of the sandwich of Theseus.  Is it still the same sandwich from before  that you replaced all the components?  It's like ourselves.  We replaced them over the years.  And always the same dress too,  which comes in handy as a wrapper as well.  Yeah, of course.  Well, I'm sorry you didn't get your...  Cause now I'm picturing that the I do happens,  but with both of you lifting out of the water,  you're both on Shamu.  Oh yeah.  And he chomps my beautiful wife.  And then he chomps you.  Five feet up.  And then he chomps you.  The plan.  They murder.  The orcas.  They murder.  And then you're like the rest of your life,  sometimes you wonder,  this is juncture points in your life.  And sometimes I wonder how would my life have turned out  if my wife hadn't gotten chomped by Shamu.  This is another, by the way,  that like, do you guys remember this occurred?  This was like an early for me,  Santa Claus isn't real kind of moment.  The realization, I think probably the first time  that I went to a second Sea World.  And I was like, wait a minute,  how are they always called Shamu?  This is something we had to explain to everybody constantly.  Cause it's kind of a difficult concept to understand  that like they're all Shamu,  but none of them are Shamu.  Like right now it's Shamu.  If you're seeing it and it's jumping, it's Shamu.  But as soon as it goes down and focus turns to another one,  that one's Shamu.  Whoa.  The transitive properties are, yeah,  they can like lead to defense.  If one goes behind this wall, he is not Shamu.  He's no longer Shamu.  Okay. It's like professional wrestling.  There was multiple doing the clowns.  I guess so.  Is that right Mike?  Can you fact check that?  There were many, it meant multiple, yeah, doings.  Yeah.  Multiple, multiple rockopelos.  Yeah.  No, the real Shamu, I mean the first,  somebody was named Shamu somebody, some guy.  Some guy.  But that was, they died in 1971.  Oh really?  That was the first one.  Mm-hmm.  So there's not, yeah, the true Shamu.  Right.  I just want to dedicate this episode to the true Shamu.  The TRU Shamu.  They should have done it like horror hosts  and been like son of Shamu.  Well, they have the baby Shamu.  Do they call it baby Shamu?  It's the same thing if there's a baby in the tank,  it's baby Shamu, but then if it goes away,  then it's no longer baby Shamu.  But that's the official branding.  The branding is baby Shamu.  It's hard for a baby to have an important title  if you're stripping it.  But it sounds like there's no longer  gonna be baby Shamus.  It sounds like not.  Oh, we may have had our last.  I hope though that we don't lose the walk around Shamu.  Oh yeah.  That one is okay.  In the suit.  Which is funny that there is, you can go,  this is a place where you can go see a real killer whale  and then get your photo with a furry killer whale  who has his tail splits into legs and walks around upright.  That's just, that's a college freshman  from Cal State, San Diego,  and you can just abuse them left and right.  They also do kill, but it's like whatever.  Yeah, yeah.  I remember, my only memories of,  I think my family went to the Sea World in Florida  when we were down there for a little bit.  And I only remember going once.  And the two things, I remember,  I think they had that Arctic simulator,  had a bunch of them,  because I kind of remember doing that  and then coming out into like,  here's the penguins and the polar bears.  The other thing I remember is we went,  the time of year when the massive Brazilian tour groups,  when it's winter in Brazil,  and so they do the big tour packages to come to Florida.  And there was like a whole section of bleachers.  Everyone is wearing like the tour group shirts,  and they had the most choreographed chants and shouts  and stuff I had ever seen.  And it was just so unnerving to see  an entire bleachers worth of people  all doing the same thing.  And just- Chants for Shamu?  No, chants for just like Brazil and their tour group.  Like an athletic event or something?  And basically, yeah, it was like you see soccer  in other countries, and everyone's doing the-  But they were doing this at Shamu.  They were just doing it, no, before the show started,  they were just doing it to celebrate the tour,  to celebrate the good time.  Everyone's having a ball.  And you didn't join in?  No, we didn't really know-  He's not from Brazil, he can't cheer for Brazil.  I think it was a few days later  we finally asked a cast member or something,  it's like, hey, is there a lot of people here from Brazil?  Cause it looks like it.  And they're like, oh yeah, well actually yeah,  they do big tours this time of year  cause it's colder down there.  And then you said, well they let me chant with them.  And they said no.  You have to show a birth certificate.  Sixth grade Spanish is pretty rough, Michael,  so I don't know that I, or wait, no, do they speak Portuguese?  They do, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, well then it was really rough.  Yeah, that's why you couldn't, thank God you didn't do it.  That was a turning point moment,  and thank God you didn't chant with them.  But I mean, they certainly gave the whales  and everything a roaring round of applause.  And whales love applause.  And they love loud, sudden noises.  Loud noises.  Why don't we give Shamu a big round of applause  and let's see how high he'll jump.  They would jump, every Shamu jumped four inches higher  that day, high enough to reach that little bird  they were trying to grab.  It wasn't like watching the show a bunch of times  you did get to see, they would mess it up sometimes.  Sometimes the whales, cause they don't,  the whales just kind of do stuff,  and then it seems like it was on purpose.  And sometimes shows will happen  and the whales wouldn't jump nearly as many,  or as many times as another one.  Or they'll say that Shamu is about to do something  and then it doesn't do it,  and they just kind of gloss over  and move on to something else.  And then whales just don't want to do it that day.  Dolphins are off book.  Whales are still acting like they're in tech rehearsals.  Dolphin's better trained?  I feel like dolphins always nail it.  More dependable.  Is that your experience?  Yeah.  I feel like you also should not do a show seat.  The other thing is I loved watching the shows.  I would love to see it again,  but I don't know if I ever will.  But the dolphins would jump so high.  But what birds did they eat?  At what cost?  What meaningful birds?  Until they eat a really important,  until I see a dolphin eat a rare dodo.  It was two lovebirds and now it's just one morning dove,  because it's morning the one that got eaten.  I will say this just to also maybe complicate orcas.  Have you guys been hearing about the murderous,  the orcas in South Africa that have been surgically  removing the livers of great white sharks?  No.  Oh, I have heard about that.  And destroying the population down there.  Wow.  Yeah, dismantling.  So to speak about what it's like in the wild,  these are no angels, these orcas.  So the story goes, and this is like a published paper,  that these two teen orcas moved into this area  near Cape Town where a lot of Shark Week is filmed,  where they famously have the sharks  that jump out of the water and stuff like that.  And they moved in and they started,  as it says, with surgical precision,  removing the livers of great white sharks,  eating only the liver and leaving the rest of the carcass  just fall into the depths of the sea,  and then move on to another one.  And they got so good at this that all of the sharks  have now left the area.  Wow.  The entire shark diving industry of South Africa  is destroyed.  The sharks are gone.  They have all fled because of these two teens.  These two teens.  It's like natural born killers or something  like of the orca population.  It's just them against the world.  Oh my God.  Yeah, and then apparently though,  they might be teaching it to other orcas, this technique.  Oh man.  Oh no.  Oh wow.  All right, so if this gets taught,  if this can get taught to the ones at SeaWorld.  They can just bridge the gap.  And they somehow also learn how to jump from tank to tank.  Well, but it's with surgical precision.  So maybe people who need to have their livers removed,  you just stick them in the tank  and the orcas will suck it out.  So the geneticists should be working  on getting surgeon orcas ready to do surgery on humans  and every other animal.  Doctors with a big list who can't get patients in soon enough.  You start just recommending orcas to do it in the sea world.  The orcas have to do gig work too.  Blackstone is killing this country.  Nobody can get a decent job.  It's like Uber for orca surgeons.  It's hard.  There's no discipline.  There's no professionalism.  There's none of that anymore.  Do not have to make ends meet.  This was such a pile of insane stuff.  Oh my God.  You really pulled us into the tank with you.  I don't know.  Closing thoughts, anything before we go?  For me, man, I don't know.  We did it.  Sea world, I just do, I don't know.  It's up for everybody to decide what they're gonna do.  And I don't know, maybe someday I'll go back.  I don't know.  I don't know.  Is it okay?  Well, we will reevaluate once they've instituted  the MEG program.  Once the MEG's there.  We'll see how they're treating the MEGs  and then we'll evaluate off of that.  Oh, Matt, I had a question for you.  I might be misremembering my comedy lineage.  Did you work for The Onion at one point?  Absolutely.  Did you ever pitch, did you ever get any  Sea World headlines in?  Because I feel like they've been pretty brutal  to Sea World over the years.  Yeah.  I might not have, was I there?  Well, so my Manatee story actually is depicted  in a horrifying planet, which was,  we did these YouTube series for,  which was like when Sex House,  like if you guys have seen Sex House,  that was like everyone.  And then we, so YouTube gave us a grant.  We did a bunch and we just needed to pump shit out.  And one of them was like a horrifying planet.  It was like a fake planet Earth.  And I wrote one that was kind of a testimonial  about the Manatee thing.  And it's a little bit illustrated there.  It's not quite anatomically right,  but it's got the gist of it.  But, and it's amazing, but it's a kind of,  it is a version of that.  That's out, horrifying planet Manatee.  I think if you put that into YouTube, you'll find it.  I don't know if I wrote,  I'm trying to think if I wrote any,  because I don't think I was there after Blackfish,  because that was 2013 and Blackfish must've come out then.  So then I probably, and then if,  and then I came back for a little bit,  but the moment might've passed.  But I'm sure I wrote some, like I used,  because I wrote for the videos and like,  we used to have like a little scroll at the bottom.  And I'm sure I wrote some jokes,  some Sea World jokes for that.  I just can't remember, I don't know.  I don't think so.  You got the sea in your brain, it was bound down.  Well, I would always do like the climate change one,  or like environmental, or like earth science things.  I don't know.  You sort of brought that to the, oh, interesting.  Well, that, well, look, that dovetails right into the,  let me first say thank you for all this.  Thanks for this pile of insanity.  That Climb and You Survive podcast, The Ride.  Oh, wow, thank you.  And with that, exiting through the gift shop,  is there anything you'd like to say about your show,  High Science?  Speaking of, this is really,  now I see the through line of educator  into a show with some education,  mixed with some comedy.  Yeah, yeah, no, thank you.  Yeah, the High Science, it's on HBO Max.  It's also on Discovery Plus, if you've got that too.  But yeah, it's-  Is it going away?  Is it emerging?  I don't know.  It's gonna be Max.  It will be, but Discovery Plus is also remaining separately  because they didn't wanna leave money on the table,  I think, because there are subscribers  who just like the Discovery content,  don't wanna bother with all this white lotus and-  Okay.  Yeah, that's like how-  Don't mix my white lotus,  don't mix my succession with my 500 pound life.  Is that a show?  Yes, my 500 pound life.  That's like how AOL, like, lingering,  kept dial-up internet for some people for so long  because no one ever just wanted to change their provider  or their billing or anything.  I think it's still going.  I think there still is AOL.  But yeah, no, High Science, yeah,  so it's like we made a science comedy show.  It's basically like Bill Nye for adults,  or it's like Magic School Bus  on magic mushrooms or whatever.  The idea is that we wanted to make a real,  like you learn facts science show that was like fun,  but it was geared towards like people who get home late  and like have one last joint  before they fall asleep or whatever.  And so that's kinda who it's for.  But there's like real science.  We talk to science experts in every episode.  There's like, you learn real shit.  And then the whole time it's me and Zach,  the guy that I made it with,  just kind of like asking dumb questions and doing bits.  And then it's where basically the concept is that we,  if we wanna learn about something,  we smoke it out of a giant robotic talking bong.  So if we wanna learn about the moon, we smoke the moon,  like herb labeled the moon.  We smoke it out of a talking robotic bong named Doctor O  that's voiced by Paul Bettany.  And then we hallucinate a journey of learning  and discovery about that topic.  Wow.  Which is actually a logical way to get to Bill Nye style.  Hey, we're going on a little now.  You've actually applied logic.  Yes.  How does the visual adventure happen?  Bill Nye was insane.  It made no sense why he was doing  any of the things he was doing.  And we've corrected that.  We now make sense why we are doing what we're doing.  Yeah, yeah, added the logic that Bill was missing.  But yeah, I'll plug that.  I have a couple other things to plug if that's cool.  Yes, please.  For some reason, a bunch of my stuff came out this month.  I also have an Audible show called Blood Weed  that if anybody listening to this is an Audible subscriber.  I made this with Dan Averson,  another former Funny or Die writer.  That's like a scripted podcast starring Haley Joel Osment,  Maria Bakalova, Zach Cherry.  It's a cool show.  I'm Audible if you're an Audible person.  It's a great cast.  Oh my God.  Yeah, it's a fun other Stoner show.  And then also Smarter, which is a show I made  with Sam West and Chris Artinsky, old Onion writers.  Team Coco.  Yes, Team Coco show.  We made this satirical tech show  like three years ago for Luminary.  And it was hidden behind a paywall for three years.  And it's finally emerged and is coming out once a week.  That, as all this is happening.  Wow.  Everything is happening.  So on every platform, whatever you have,  you can find something that I wrote.  I have heard Smarter's so funny.  I'm glad it's fully, more easily accessible.  It's weird how you paywalls are so high.  Higher than a tank at SeaWorld.  It's impossible to scale sometimes,  but I'm glad you're free.  Thank you.  It's free range content now.  We brought the wall down and now you can leap  into Smarter from your tank at home.  That's great.  Thank you so much for having me.  Of course.  That was the last.  Thanks for bringing all these experiences  and the specific madness of educator life circuit 2004.  I do feel cleansed.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  It feels good to get all that out.  You needed it clearly.  That rattling in your head.  Hey, as for us, thanks Brett Bohm and Forever Dog  for producing this episode.  You can find us on the socials at Podcast the Ride.  Merch available in our T public store.  And for three bonus episodes every month,  check out Podcast the Ride the second gate  or get one more bonus episode  on our VIP tier club three.  You will find all of that at patreon.com slash podcast.  The ride are it's not weed, but it's smoking related.  We have a little educational journey coming up  into Disneyland smoking areas.  We'd in our efforts and this is the audience chose this one.  This is also at club three.  You see the audience selects the topics in a poll  and this was suggested.  So we in our never ending effort to keep as many rides  on the table as possible.  I think the audience has helped us with what are non ride  facets of theme parks that we can explore.  Parking garage is great.  As Blenards, we haven't done them, but we will.  Do all Disneyland have smoking areas?  I haven't done my research.  I don't know. I haven't either.  I think they've been kicked out of the parks.  They're not in the parks.  They're all in the parks.  Improperly.  We have to go all the way.  Except in Paris.  Or Tokyo I imagine.  Maybe Tokyo.  I don't know in Tokyo.  We're gonna have to find out.  You're catching us with our pants down.  We haven't done our smoking areas.  We'll know by the time you hear us there  at patreon.com slash fuck is right.  Okay, so get ready for us to know.  Do you guys smoke?  Sorry.  Forever.  Dog.  This has been a Forever Dog Production.  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Baum, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.