 Five, four, three, two, one.  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate where today we all together witness the special  moment in the life of any podcast when a runner on the show blossoms into a full podcast episode.  Oh.  It's beautiful, it's life-affirming.  Scott Gardner here to witness it, Mike Carlson as well.  I'm here too.  We're in the nursery looking at it admiringly.  Just like it's, I mean, look, we both have children, but this is on par with that.  Yeah, yeah.  It seems like not that long ago we were looking at the ultrasound and like, wow, I can't believe  we have a runner and soon that's going to be right.  Yes.  I mean, with this episode, this we were here back with Sebastian Jackal, admiring him in  our history as well.  Just boy, it goes so fast.  Yeah, it does.  They grow up, they grow up and become content so fast.  And that's really, it makes you wistful.  And also joining us fresh out of his stint in the hospital where he spent the night after  passing out in the Despicable Me splash area.  After drinking face down, after drinking a half a shot of sky vodka, we're glad he's  safe and here to record Jason Sheridan.  Hi.  Yes.  One minute.  Hold on one minute.  Yeah.  Should we talk?  I just want to, I want to set the scene for the authentic Irish pub in the, in the way  that our president did a blitzkrieg tour of Ireland.  Oh yeah, he did.  This is great timing.  He did?  I'm not sure.  He came out on stage pretty much with a Wrestle media entrance to the dropkick Murphys shipping  off to Boston and the crowd is going, they love it.  It certainly conjures the excitement of our president.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Very exciting man in general.  Very exciting.  Dynamic and exciting.  Look we're here.  We are, we are, we are finally tackling at long last the Irish bar where you can get  hammered.  Get ready for a lot of those in this episode.  This has been looming for a little bit and we'll go into the backstory just to remind  everybody, but another little extra bit of backstory, which is great is that we determined  we should do this.  We locked in on the episode and then in the same hour that we made the official call separately  unrelatedly, there was a DM from a guest very politely asking, or you know what, calling  their shot to be part of this episode.  This episode itself, a cold shot, calling your shot to be part of it.  A very talented writer from vulture and a big supporter of the show, which we've always  appreciated that the Squires is here.  Hello.  Aaron go bra boys.  That's right.  Thank you guys.  I'm delighted this came together.  Did it just call to you when we, I think it wasn't that long ago we did an episode about  the Despicable Me, the super silly fun land and we said we wanted to do this episode and  that just like called you, that spoke to you somehow?  Yeah, I think it lit a fire under my ass.  When I sent the DM, I was in a bar writing about a different bar.  So I was like, I feel like maybe I need to bring my expertise here.  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.  Well, and then you gave kind of a list of credentials, I would say.  If you look, list any of those if you want.  I don't want to embarrass, but I was impressed by the list in terms of your, I guess, drinking  content related prowess.  Not just my drinking prowess, the content.  That's what we're talking about.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  No, no, one step.  I have worked in bars both as a server and as like a booker for like shows.  Oh, gotcha.  I worked on the, canceled in the middle of making it season of Drunk History.  It was?  Oh, that's so, I didn't know that.  Oh my God.  We were one of those.  Oh, great.  Wonderful.  And I had a podcast called Watching Movies at the Bar, which was about the movies that  are playing on a mute with subtitles at a bar and that specific cinematic experience.  Oh, wow.  Wow.  Did you then watch things only through that?  Were there movies that you saw only in that setting?  We didn't choose bars to go to and ask them to play a movie or anything.  I have watched a lot of movies at bars and I do keep a note in my head which bars give  me remote privileges.  Okay.  That's like huge for me.  It's the Wi-Fi password and the remote privileges.  That's how you know you're actually in an establishment.  That's not something they give everyone.  No.  Yeah.  So you know you have to know the owner to do that.  Is there an etiquette?  Do you ask ever or do you like wait for them to kind of go, by the way, you can change  to the channel.  It kind of depends.  I will ask often.  Sometimes the remote is like just sitting in the bar well and I'm like, do you need  a paper to put?  Can I get on there?  Scooch on by?  Can I put on The Simpsons which isn't good on mute but whatever?  Sure.  Sure.  It's visual.  I can do the lines to the guy next to me.  I think that will help.  Yeah.  For sure.  And entertain everybody.  Yeah.  Everyone is going to love it.  Do your mo voice.  It'll be better than the actual show.  In LA, I feel like it's not uncommon to have like Netflix playing or like the Criterion  Channel.  I've been in LA's with black and white old bars in LA with black and white like old movies  on.  Yeah.  Jays on Sunset used to always have like.  That's the one I was going to say.  I was going to say Jason's talking about one bar and I try to figure out one bar.  I've been to a lot.  Okay.  They're doing a baffling move now.  They don't have the Criterion Collection or like TCM on anymore.  They play music and then they play live concert footage of a different artist on mute on the  TV.  Wow.  That's interesting.  Hard Rock Cafe style.  I feel like that was a lot of music videos, but also like, oh, here's some odd live performance  of probably Aerosmith, probably 70% Aerosmith.  Yeah.  Mostly Aerosmith.  That's very confusing.  Do you have a preferred type of entertainment or film then?  I think what works best is either like an action movie, something with like big stunts  that you don't need the dialogue for or a nature documentary as long as it's not one  where like baby animals die.  Yes.  So something like aquarium footage where it's like, oh, this is just soothing.  Yeah.  That's nice.  Hey, that was some of the appeal of Islands I feel.  I don't know how much they've kept.  Is it still the surf footage at Islands?  Oh, that's the one in Burbank specifically.  Any of them, I would say.  Oh, I don't even know if I've noticed the surf footage.  That was a big part of the early draw, I feel.  The fry basket is endless, is bottomless.  And that's really what I'm focused on.  So I guess I've missed that because like I'm very aware of TVs in general.  Obviously, Margaritaville TV, I'm paying attention to the TV mostly.  And being very judgmental about are they playing actual Jimmy music or is this just some like  pop-its channel?  Well, they have gone in waves.  When we were there initially, they were playing a lot more Jimmy Buffett.  And then I feel like the next year they switched to more like generic music.  And then I think they're back to mostly Jimmy.  OK, all right.  Which is good.  That's what we're there for.  Well, do they want to close or not?  That's the question they have to ask themselves and keep the Jimmy coming.  They may not have a choice about closing.  We'll see.  So here's a question I have for you right off the bat.  You listen to the show and you're bringing all of this this bar knowledge, drinking knowledge  to it.  When we on the show talk about drinking, do we sound like a bunch of grandmas?  It's OK to say yes.  It's a loaded pause.  It's OK to say yes.  I'm assuming that's one of those.  No, no loaded pauses.  No, no, you know, you seem normal people.  You seem like you're not.  You seem like you're not.  You seem like you're not.  You seem like you're not.  You seem like you're not.  You seem like you're not.  Normal for LA, which is just a sober town.  OK, yeah, I see.  Like we show our cards if we are not constant drinkers.  Is that what you're saying?  Yeah, or like or just like going like or just like I don't drink anymore is like a sentiment  that I hear a lot here.  Like, but not from like I can't drink anymore.  Just like a I'm sleepy all the time.  I hope.  Yeah.  I think it's really bad for people who don't like LA specific content because that's all  that comes out of my mouth.  I have a theory that LA is really bad for like people following through with plans,  especially plans at night, because we're the only place in the world that gets enough sunlight  for like an actually regulated sleep cycle.  Oh, interesting.  And I think that also affects the drinking culture here.  Yeah, that makes sense.  That makes sense.  We not get as weight.  Does that mean we have less night than other places?  Or what is that?  The quality of light is better so that the vitamin D is in your body and it's affecting  the hormone production and you sleep like a person would before the light bulb fucked  everything up.  Yeah.  New Yorkers don't sleep as well, so they're more likely to be in a bar at 2 a.m.  Correct.  Interesting.  Really?  And I wonder if that's do you think that's influenced the law because the laws here are  such that most places can't be open till 4 a.m. like New York or like it's interesting too,  because I feel like that's also caught, stopped people from being out all night.  Although there are after hours places even here.  Yes.  Okay.  Is there is that?  Oh no, we know, we know.  I remember from doing it.  Yeah, it's hard.  It's hard after the pandemic, you know, post worst days of the pandemic, a lot of places  not open super late.  Like even Bob's Big Boys closes at midnight now.  The 24 hour play, especially in Burbank.  There's like, I feel like three places left in Burbank that are 24 hours.  Interesting.  Is there an after hours place in Burbank?  Do you know?  I don't know of one here now.  Okay, that's interesting.  Okay, but because by the way, I could still party.  Oh, yeah, I was called upon to do it.  I'm just saying, you just aren't getting the invites.  I'm not getting a little busy.  So but I could I could do it.  I can still hang.  And I think my birthday party.  You know, weeks ago, yelling this at someone  very much aware of what I was doing.  When you say someone, do you mean the room?  No, I mean, Tim Chang, who I go to Comic Con with every year and like do four days of drinking  with him. And even though he's like seven years younger than me and I was just yelling,  we could still go, I could still do it.  And I think I could, honestly.  And I'm sorry, that was what you said, ending the night at a reasonable hour.  I was almost midnight.  Yeah, I had to go to sleep.  The place is closing up.  I had to go nighty night.  I guess I asked this this loaded question about us because of what brought us to this  episode is a very specific word and a very specific pronunciation of a specific word.  So let me just let me let me do the backstory that led us to.  OK, so what we are talking about is I'm not even going to say the real name yet.  We we know it as the Irish bar where you can get hammered.  And this came up on the show.  It if we're placing it in Universal Studios, it is in the streets of the world area.  We'll get back to that, Bethy.  And it's you know, a lot has changed in that area of Universal, but it basically has ended  up at the corner of the entrance of two kids rides.  Right. It's the secret life of pets and Despicable Me Minion Mayhem.  There was the one and now now there are two.  And then like it's it's kind of an unofficial little intersection.  And at the corner is a very narrow little Irish pub.  And this has come up on the show before in multiple settings where Mike, I don't know  if you want to try to flashback to how you brought it up before.  But basically, you just made you bringing up the point that it is there are these little  kid ride based on kid movies, but then there is this Irish bar where you can get hammered.  Yes. Yeah. I mean, that's the gist.  Was there something I'm missing or my memory?  No, I was I was making sure for my own.  I believe that's what it was.  It sticks out in my mind because I have walked by it multiple times, seeing people getting  like a draft beer or a tall boy and a shot at like 11 in the morning.  Gasp.  What? That's a little that's a little much next to the kids rides.  Like this is also when Universal Studios like needed some TLC.  It's it's you know, gussied itself up in recent years when they redid it.  People drank less.  Well, no.  The time we were there, what we observed, absolutely not.  But we were there during like the struggling hour.  We were there.  Wait, wait, wait.  OK, wait, wait.  We were there at happy hour on a rare night where the park was open till 10.  But you mean last night?  Yeah, no, no, no, no. Go back to this 11 a.m.  So yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's what we're talking about.  Well, look, some people, locals go to some not all go to Universal Studios,  Hollywood to get fucked up.  Sure. So are you are you mad about that?  You seem mad. No, no, no.  It was just it was just an observation.  And it was at the time, I think it was the empty Globe Theatre  and the Terminator also was not children's.  So it was a minute.  So we aren't even in a kids area.  I've seen both.  OK, so it was appropriate back then, honestly.  I mean, I guess it was kind of empty in that area  besides the Terminator queue before that.  I don't even honestly.  This is going to be maybe blasphemous.  I don't even remember it being there back then.  It wasn't even on my radar.  It's been there for a while and that you can see two different drink menus  and two different like design styles inside. Right. Sure.  OK, but so but I would say to that, like people are on vacation  or they're having a fun like, you know, you can have a shot  and a beer does not seem like the most scandalous thing in the world to me.  It's called a Boilermaker. Yeah, it's called a Boilermaker.  Do it. But before lunch, it was in the kind of empty district.  Now very full.  Let me ask you this. Have you ever had a beer before lunch?  Yeah, I think it like a nasty improv festival or something.  Well, look at this.  Mr. Boilermaker is getting nasty over here.  I was in Las Vegas, Nevada once.  Oh, well, certainly in Las Vegas.  It was like 2009 and it was 10 a.m.  and somebody got a bucket of beers.  And I remember feeling like, Jason, what is this?  What hour of the day is this?  And then I had a beer and I went, I feel great. Yeah.  Can you see why I asked the grandma question earlier in the episode?  Just keep that question in your head.  Sure. There are most grandmas of drink  have had more alcohol in their bodies than us, I think.  So they're from a different time where it was.  That was the way you did it.  I do recommend drinking. Yes.  Oh, sure. Yeah, you will.  You do it first thing in the morning.  Also, I feel like I've been here before  or walked by it and it was just a hallway with no chairs.  There were chairs inside last night.  There were chairs.  So if you're looking to check this place out, they do have chairs.  They should put a sign out front now with chairs.  But to Jason's point, I do feel like that's why I think of it also as a bar.  You can get hammered is because it is  it's not a place where you're sitting down to have a nice time.  You're going in, you are getting the alcohol and you are  consuming it quickly on the go.  You're not savoring the experience necessarily.  Sure. Sure. It is set up sort of like, yeah, you're getting a slice of pizza  at like a quick service place.  It's not like you're going to lounge.  There's no Jurassic patio right there to sort of hang out.  True. True. So, yes, you're right.  Yeah, it does feel like there's a couple of tables, but it's not like  it's not a comfortable seating.  It's just people every with loud music, loud minions based music.  And then like it's not designed for you to hang out for 90 minutes.  Sure. Currently a construction wall outside the one door.  Oh, so you can't go into the little courtyard? No courtyard.  No, which is nice.  I like the streets over there.  I like the, you know, old universal like, look, this is like a set.  Like, I always like that. Sure. Sure.  Well, here I have this clip that Bethy provided.  Thank you.  This this is from 1989, some promotional video,  and it equates you to this area, which we've been picking apart  a bit at a time, the that they call the streets of the world.  And the idea was that we're going to have a backlot style settings.  It's everywhere in Europe and I guess in this case, New York  and that you can actually walk around the backlot area.  And you describe this as being very like  comforting, relaxing this this footage.  It felt very soothing.  It's like so Vaseline lensed.  And this guy is like calmly, like sonorously, like petting you down  like you're like a a techie horse.  That is how I use it, particularly videos with no  like real commentary about the theme park set, like self produced  internal kind of videos of the like, you know, the  well, what you watch in the resort TV channels and that kind of thing.  How soothing they are. Yes.  So here's this.  Cheeseburger fries, my wife named Shane, 45 to go.  I should have warned, though, that there is like 50s characters in doo wop,  but we described it as soothing and then it started with a loud 50s.  So anyway, it'll get more soothing as we go.  No, it's not a scene out of a movie from the famous 50s.  It's the.  The 50s are so famous.  You ever think of one of those famous decades?  They kind of are, though.  Well, they've been I guess because they've been like put on screen  in such a way many times like, yeah, and they're very like  they have specific like hallmarks or like the car.  I feel like the cars and happy days goes a long way as far as making the 50s.  They really popularized the film.  Yeah, so famous.  I mean, there's decades that are not, you know, I don't know what was going on  in the 13 tens, not famous, not famous.  Sorry, 13 tens.  Tollywood called the streets of the world.  This is the first time ever that the public has been allowed to wander  in and around the actual movie set streets, including 1950s America.  Sherlock Holmes Baker Street in London, the French Moulin Rouge nightclub  and a Parisian courtyard.  You're you're you're right on that footage of that, all of the Moulin Rouge.  The neck of the wood is so like gauzy, fuzzy,  and which I don't I don't recall like ever really seeing it lit up  and looking as nice as that.  Does this even look familiar to any of us who go to Universal?  Yeah, I don't think they've ever they they lit this up for one night of footage  and then never again. Yeah, it's never been turned on.  Yeah, it's gonna be open when it's dark.  That's true. Yeah, yeah, it very rarely is. Yeah.  So so that's kind of the and it's it's been like picked apart,  like not all not all of these areas are still there.  And this courtyard is not open right now.  But I think I was like, let me look at an old park map  and see if there was this pub or some other version of the pub.  And I think there was I think it opened as a London Baker Street kind of deal  that was called the Alpha in the pub.  So it's been there since at least  92, I think is when the the map is from that I saw  when it would have been very close to the Fievel area.  So, again, we're back to we are putting the alcohol next to the kids stuff.  Sure. This has been part of the rot of this bar.  Right. The beginning.  Mom, dad, you need a little break, you know?  Yeah, I guess maybe strategically. I don't know.  Like, yeah, you can like grab a beer, put it in your giant cargo shorts  and then go watch your kids.  Yeah. The hallmark of the 90s.  Some of your friends.  Well, you're on duty, Chaperone and your friends, Jack Daniels,  Evan Williams, Tillamore Doe, which is an  that is an acronym for the guy  who was the first general manager.  Say that again. We have segued into effect.  So to pre-prevent effect, Tellamore, Tellamore do the most second  most popular Irish whiskey in the world after Jameson.  Daniel E. Williams was a general manager  and one of the owners of the original distillery.  This is Tolomar. Tell them more.  So Tolomar do is his D.E.W.  is it? Yeah. OK.  There's a period after each one. Got it.  OK. Did not know that. All right.  I will look out for those periods when I see this bottle next time.  Interesting fact, number four Irish whiskey  recently has been Conor McGregor's line.  Really? Yeah. Wow.  I haven't tried it yet.  What are you doing?  I still haven't opened the digits.  Scottie Pippen's digits sitting on my shelf.  You have a celebrity liquor queue.  Basically, yeah, I have tried the Terra Mana, which is good.  We've tried Casamigos, but my digits bottle is still sitting there.  Scottie Pippen's digits.  I don't know if they're making it anymore.  Mint in box.  Yeah, maybe it is a collector's item and I don't want to drink it.  I got sent a bottle of Terra Mana by  Applebee's, I think. What?  Why? Oh, the Jungle Cruise was coming out and there was a  The Rocks Margarita kit and it came with  an Applebee's gift card, which is annoying because I'm closer  to the Applebee's corporate location than a single fucking Applebee's.  And it's gone. I'm sinking down.  There are. They really are.  And you would think because we're look, Burbank has almost every chain.  We're not far from a lot, but chilies are rare.  Chilies is not an Applebee's are really rare.  I don't know why I'm saying this. Like, I'm mad.  I don't like Applebee's, but on your behalf, I'm.  Thank you. Yeah. Thank you.  I see you. I don't want you to second guess yourself.  Are you sure it's not just a byproduct of the balance of power  shifting in the DC universe?  That could be why. Oh, OK. That could be why.  I thought it was because it was like the Rocks Jungle Margarita.  And it came with a bottle of Terra Mana.  That makes like a giant, like a really heavy  margarita glass that you could definitely bludgeon someone to death with.  Yeah. And now I use the box to store my Christmas ornaments.  End of anecdote. Thank you. Good.  Wow. Wow. That's nice.  Nice box with it, too. Yeah.  To keep going with the story and why this has come up a little bit.  So this bar has been referred to and I just noticed a couple of times in a row.  It happened in several episodes and I couldn't tell you when or where.  But the bar was brought up and the fact that it is a bar next to some kids,  things in a kids theme park.  And it was Mike who said, yeah, I mean, you can go to this place and get hammered.  And I noted it that it's the same.  There's this there's this like rise and fall.  This like this this elongated H that is the same every time.  They're like you have you do have this trademark way of saying it.  And then we were talking about something different.  And Jason said it the exact same way.  Hammer this big like launch, essentially.  And that was when I like I have to bring this up now.  What is this thing where they both say hammered the same way?  Who said it first?  I said it first, at least in on the show.  I want to say it was at least two times in reference to this bar.  And then Jason, you said it in reference to something else.  But this happens with Jason and I specifically because I probably mentioned this before.  My mom, when she listens to this podcast, she listens for the way in which I speak,  the quality of my voice, the way I'm pronouncing words.  Doesn't remember anything about any of the content, any of the guests, whatever.  Nothing doesn't matter.  But she'll say something like, you know, you and Jason, you're copying Jason and saying restaurants now.  I think I brought this up before.  And I go, oh, I am. And she's like, yeah, it's rest.  You should be saying rest. It's restaurant.  But you're all of a sudden you started copying Jason and you say restaurant.  I feel like I picked up one of your a number of your so I'm saying over the years.  Over. Yes. Over the years, Jason and I pick things up from each other.  And maybe he took hammer for me, I think.  And I've said this before, I believe this comes from Talladega Nights.  Oh, right. Wait, explain this again.  Why did this is the scene?  There's a long scene at the dinner table in Talladega Nights with  the little boys talking about throwing grandpa chips, war medals off the bridge.  It's my it's the best scene in the movie, I think.  And then there it's probably all like improv.  John C.  Riley then talks about how he likes to imagine Jesus in an like an angel band.  And he likes to imagine that he's in the front or the front row and he's hammered drunk.  Uh huh. So I think that's where it comes from, because I don't know that I even  said hammered before that movie.  You didn't use the word hammered necessarily.  Not often, I don't think.  So I think the way he says it is I'm doing that.  Huh? That's where I think it comes from.  Kind of with some particular like an emphasis.  Yeah. He goes on. I'm hammered drunk.  I see. He puts a little something on it too.  A big old wind up.  And I bet that's where it's I bet that's where it's from.  And I guess you pointed out I had no I did not know this was the thing.  I'll never, by the way, never say it again.  But I know it has been picked on so thoroughly.  We'll switch to belligerent, belligerent drunk.  Great. Well, this is to that end.  This is what I let me ask.  And this could be a total miscommunication here.  Because if it really was a talladega night's quote,  I just I feel like when you referred to like, you know, in the next to these rides,  there's this bar and you can go in there and you can get hammered.  I viewed it as judgmental.  I view it as we are morally judging this place  that would serve the demon whiskey right next to where children are and pass by.  I never thought I thought the pass through nature of it.  Like the in literally in one door out the other.  What was more the thing than like children are around, you know?  I see. But what's the problem with that?  Like you would go to a beer cart and just get a beer, which you can get hammered with.  Sure. Right.  Funny to see the permutation of the Irish bar,  a place where you post up and hang out, you know,  turned into like a really quick experience.  Can I interject from a please perspective? Yes.  It seems like, yeah, you you guys are saying hammered  just as a point of emphasis.  But perhaps you're finding a moral judgment that's not present.  Like it's just emphasis, but you're taking that emphasis to be negative.  I think, yeah, maybe possibly.  Well, I might be on the lookout for it because I've talked on before about my distaste  for especially in a theme park podcast, dancing around,  having an alcoholic drink as if it is smuggling heroin.  Like we cannot possibly we're not going to go near the words that we would use.  And I guess by even saying hammered, you are not avoiding the subject.  So I think I might be on the lookout for that.  Like I'm viewing judgment in it.  Like, you know, they like that it seems more loaded than it is.  If you as an outsider feel like I'm pulling this out of nowhere,  then you know, then that's I'm glad we have your perspective here.  I'm not sure.  I think that if anything, it's just funny because the way it's laid out  is so classic universal where like there's no large plan to this.  Yeah, it's literally just like we're going to build this stuff.  And there's also just in the middle of it, a more adult looking bar  between kids rides.  So this is what it is.  This point is entirely kid stuff for sure.  Yeah. So that's what I think that's what it is.  Now, look, I've forgotten most things I've said or judged on this show.  So it's very possible I was judging it at the time.  I'm not going to deny that possibility.  So I'm just assuming that's probably what I meant, because I've had.  Look, I had three Manhattans at the Abracadabra outside of many years ago.  Once you mean, yes.  And that was that'll probably come up when we talk about what happened  at the Mulligans, too, because there was a similar situation.  Oh, yes. In a way, to what happened last night is so.  So, yeah, I don't think for somebody who's like, well, I'm judging this  because you had to walk like you should be able to walk  300 feet and find a bar, not 100.  Like, that's really it doesn't seem like I would be so judgy.  But I don't know. Maybe I was.  I think the context is just very funny.  Like, it's funny to watch people like  it head to Universal Hollywood when they live a few miles away and are like,  well, he took a taxi so I can get fucked up.  And then racking up, like buying three or four drinks  at Universal Studios Hollywood in the park and at most places in Citywalk,  you start getting towards the 60, 70 dollar tab.  Sure, sure.  But it's also a fun place to drive.  That's what you're paying for.  And then you're walking around and different.  Where were you saying?  I was just going to say, I think it's funny.  Jason's describing like Mardi Gras every morning at Universal.  Well, it was a lively crowd there at five o'clock on a Friday after.  Yeah. Yeah, yes, it was.  It was a lively crowd.  It was very much a mommy and daddy need their medicine kind of crowd  because there were a lot of kids like who had done their rides.  And it's like, oh, mommy and daddy are having their fun now.  Now, with daddy's what I'm saying, yeah, that's all.  Daddy's had our medicine last night.  I have several things to say to this.  Well, I said he's had our medicine.  And what's so wrong with that to you're describing, you know, yeah,  you get to get a cab and you go up there to get drunk at Universal.  You mean like you did? Yeah.  Yeah, well, I did. Yeah.  Safety first. I'll say this.  I'm glad you did.  Judgment is coming hard from Jason.  That's what I'm getting at.  I'm saying I thought the judgment was from Mike.  But what now I'm realizing is it's all been like daddy needs the medicine  and my hooch and 11 a.m.  Even in the desolate.  These two kids, I need to dull the pain of caring for a child.  I am the one of the three of us that is closest to.  Do you know the term California sober? Yeah.  I don't read. Is that we don't you?  You don't do our drugs.  You rarely drink if at all, but you smoke weed.  So, yeah, yeah, that I learned that at some point in the pandemic,  either in your California sober.  I mean, nowadays, kind of kind of.  Yeah. Right.  So you're judging because of that.  No, I'm not judging at all.  I think it's just.  Well, I don't know about that.  I know. Do you not feel what we're saying that you are?  I feel like it's it feels very prohibition from you right now.  No, I don't care.  I mean, I had a whiskey ginger beer and then I drank half of your Stella.  No, it was a great time there last night.  It was it was fun to sit at an outside table and just  it was a great people watching environment.  Absolutely. That's what I'm saying.  So we all went last night.  Bethy couldn't make it, unfortunately, but we went out and had a really nice time  with Jane and I feel like this was I wanted to explore.  I wanted to figure out, is this a seedy place  where you just hole up and drink your sorrows away, your child based sorrows away?  Or is it a place where the three hosts can cut loose  and have a little fun after doing a lot of recording late?  And I think we had a great time.  This is what I'm saying in the open air at a table.  It was a great time.  It was really fun.  Bethy, what do you what's your experience with this place?  I am an annual passholder  and I like my universal in a past more than when I had a Disney one.  Sure. That out there.  I go to Universal sometimes to write like when I'm stuck on an article.  Yeah. I'll go usually to the upstairs above the Krusty Burger.  The Krusty Lake Lounge. Oh, sure.  Oh, really? Yeah.  That's a great spot to write.  And then if it's open, yeah, I might stop by Mulligan's.  I'll try and get a gin and tonic, but sometimes I'm just like,  it's too fucking expensive. I'm not going to do it.  It's a bit much. Yeah, I've done it, but often I bulk at the price.  Yeah, I did consider I was trying to figure out the one  they had like a specialty cocktail that was like twenty five dollars.  I was like, what is this?  And it was like two or three kinds of single malts in one.  And yeah, I don't know that you're supposed to do that.  No, you're not.  That makes it it goes from being a single malt to a blended,  which is an objective.  Besides the word. Yeah, yeah.  But yeah, yeah.  Wait, if the bragging point is single malt, yeah.  Why would you counteract this and make it a multiple malt?  Bad. Wow. Yeah.  Yeah. In general.  Well, and a lot of we'll get into cocktails that are are just like  these unholy fusions of of different liquor.  Yeah, that is definitely a good point.  And that like especially boy beers are so expensive at Universal Studios  at this point. Yeah, it is.  You have you have two or three in a day.  And yeah, dear God, yeah, you are getting to that 60.  I feel like I know more about the layout of all of this at Disney.  Like, I'm pretty good about knowing everything.  And all this is a little more expensive as we can get this.  And I am a little bit in the dark at Universal  because I didn't even know like, oh, this is the only place  you can get hard liquor, which is not the case.  It's not true.  We in Universal proper, like obviously the hotels and the restaurants in City Walk.  But I'm a little bit like lost, I feel like, as far as like alcohol  at Universal and the area around it.  So do you feel like you know your way or you know what you're getting?  You there's like maybe it's a Mulligan's, maybe it's a  I don't know. Is that the only place you drink there?  No, I'll go to Island New Bar and get that passion fruit one.  Oh, OK. OK.  Wait, that's a beer passion fruit.  No, no, no. It's a cocktail.  I can't remember what it's called.  It's called like a something bird.  Mm hmm. Yellowbird, maybe.  Hmm. I should get that. I should try that.  Does it come on one of the mugs?  If you pay for it, you pay for it.  Yeah. But also the like non I took home my like throw away mug  because it was just like a plastic mug shaped like a tiki.  And I still use it. It's my water cup on my bed. It's nice.  Yeah, I have a whole yeah.  We have a whole like cabinet of theme park glasses,  many of them falling apart.  I'm just remembering this.  But the time that I got the the passenger drink  first at the Island New Bar was the day that Roe V.  Wade was revealed. Oh, my.  Because I've gone to Universal every day.  I want to avoid a news cycle.  Like when like certain justices were confirmed,  I like Instagram pictures with Lucy.  Were you talking to Lucy about like Brett Kavanaugh or?  Yeah, I think I was like smile and say, believe women.  Lucy, you fought for everything you fought for is crumbling.  She's a girl boss and we have to respect.  She is a girl. Yeah, in the famous 50s.  Unfortunately, when she smiles for photos,  she only says Ricky put me in the show.  She can comment.  That's kind of like a smile, but it's.  Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah.  That was how you felt the Kavanaugh day was the whole day.  You just felt it.  I understand where Lucy's coming from. Yeah.  Comforting, though.  That's a great plan also to especially because I think there's slivers  of that island new bar zone where like if you just can cut off  certain things in your periphery, if you can't see, you know,  a billboard for the fablums or like a.  Yeah, totally.  Or or the El Pollo logo, the El Pollo logo.  That is what I'm trying to say.  Oh, yeah. El Pollo logo logo.  If you can cut those things out, you can almost feel like you are  on a tropical vacation for a brief moment like  and not dealing with Supreme Court justice ors.  I wear my head with this.  But you have OK, you have been to to this place, which incidentally  is not called the Irish where you get hammered.  It is called Mulligan's Irish Pub. Correct.  OK, so you've been here regardless of all of our nonsense.  What were your feelings not tainted by any of this?  I think I really enjoyed the the fake back lot of it all.  Yeah, because every time you're like on and you see like all of these  like facades of bars and restaurants and stuff like,  I wish that you could just go in and be there.  And like they they knew that's what people wanted.  So they just put it in there. And I love it.  It's so I love anywhere that is just total artifice.  And like fake Irish bars are like all all Irish bars are like that.  It's like very sticky.  Like they have their things that they're going to do. Right.  And I think it's so cute and I salute it. Yeah.  Is there a do you like a pro?  I'm trying to think there's one in Vegas that's like it has all the trappings.  Oh, yeah, there's two in Vegas.  Yeah. I'm trying to remember which one I'm thinking.  There's nine fine Irishmen in New York, New York.  And then there's another one that's called like it's something in Gaelic  or in Irish.  I can't remember, but it's that's the ones in the shops at Mandalay.  OK, yeah, I think that's the one I'm thinking of.  They both claim to have like bought the interior of a bar in Ireland  and shipped it and built it in.  And yes, I've asked both of both barters like, did you really?  Like, no, we did not do that.  That is a go to marketing.  We ship the bar over from Ireland.  They don't say anything about shipping over all the tchotchkes that inevitably  actually not in Mulligans anymore.  This is like a photo of what it used to be like.  And there was a lot more like bottles and flags and like burn script pages.  It looks like postcards and stuff.  Way less today. Yeah.  More authentic. Yeah. More authentic.  And this is kind of what it is now.  The plexiglass they've taken down at this point.  Yeah. Somebody got tired of dusting.  That's I think so.  A lot of nooks and crannies.  They took down all the like beers from around the world or whatever it was  and just painted Irish proverbs  like really high up that are right next to the giant like  globe bulb lamps where I went back in to try and get a picture.  I was like, I can't see it.  And the camera is not working well with all this light.  So this this feels this place feels like the closest  thing to like a fake bar.  That's the minimum they've done to make it functioning.  Like like it's just I've seen.  Yeah. The Vegas versions I've seen.  I've never been to Ireland.  But this one is funny because it feels like they could just close the doors,  take away the real bottles and you look in and go, oh, that's they're just  putting up a little placeholder to make it look like this.  Like it's they're doing the bare minimum here.  Not to put it back to the Simpsons again, but in the episode where  Homer gets kidnapped and taken to the mysterious island,  he's briefly in a fake quickie mark that's just inflatable.  And it's actually like a fan that takes that vibe.  Like this is an inflatable bar.  Yes. Yes. It feels like they can easily move this anywhere in a day.  Yeah. Which then the bragging rights for a bar that we actually shipped  the interior of a real Irish bar from Universal Studios.  And then that would make sense.  You would believe that for like a David Fincher, the game kind of scenario.  Oh, yeah, boy. Yeah.  Or like the sting, we can pack it up.  You know, I hate to real quick,  because David Fincher's the game is an immersive.  Is that something we could cover on this show?  Yeah, I guess.  Well, you gave away the ending, but yes, I guess that's true.  I guess. But that's a different way to view it is to look is to go back,  knowing the ending and to view it just as we're not.  It's not the story we are looking at.  How does this function as an immersive theater experience?  Yeah, I think that's pretty funny.  Yeah. Like reviewing the game as an experience.  How good is the game?  The tough part is that one of the three of us will have to get the games.  Yeah. And it's revealed at the end of the episode.  Maybe one of us is already being gamed.  Oh, yeah. Oh, good. A great nightmare of my life.  Cool. Cool. Come to the garage door.  And then there's 50 people, you know, every day.  It is you, by the way.  Yeah. Oh, cool. Yeah. Inevitably.  Yeah. Of course. Sorry.  I'll cut that out. You won't forget.  I there were some touches last night that to me seemed inadvertently  like little nods to Irish bar, like a really energetic guy  saying just a little too loud.  I'm going to get another beer.  Do you want to Stella Stella?  OK, yeah, Stella.  And the sound of a crying child, but you can't see the crying child.  And then someone doing just a little just a little scam,  just a little a little scam going on.  Mm hmm. Oh, you mean with me? Yeah.  We'll get into that.  Wait, Mike, you edit. You're you got you're loaded with some.  Well, I thought it was funny because Jason is describing a theme park also.  Yeah. People are young and a baby.  You're like it's things I've experienced at like Mavs residuals,  the bar where you bring your super cheap residual checks for free.  Residuals. I've seen kids like around like more like Irish bars  back where I grew up.  I feel like, you know, they inevitably had a catering room.  There is, you know, I was I'm trying to think of my  when I was at the Irish bar in Vegas, there was a guy on stage  playing a loud acoustic version of With or Without You by you two.  Oh, you're having which I do, by the way, I liked I enjoyed it.  It was like fast version to like really kind of changing it up as far as like,  well, your micro is your famous standards of I like music being played.  I absolutely it doesn't really matter.  Is there an instrument?  Is somebody manipulating it? Then I'm in.  Absolutely. So so, yeah.  So so I'm just saying like that just seems like normal theme park nonsense, too.  Oh, it is. Yeah. One of the things to share.  I will say this as far as the thing again, though, we're hyping this story.  So it's going to be a disappointment because I keep hyping it.  But the thing that happened to Scott is the most weird bar thing.  Yeah. That does not usually happen at a theme park.  That's the very specific thing I would say.  I think I was specifically thinking back to there was a bar in my hometown.  I think it was called Maximillians.  I think it's something else now.  And they have every Christmas Eve, like in the afternoon, they had a free buffet.  And I feel like my family would always go.  My parents would have one glass of beer, one glass of wine.  And everyone. Huh.  What time of day?  Between like three and six p.m.  Good. I will support you on this because I think  Philly area bars in general, the Irish bars do hit different.  Yeah. There's so many in Philadelphia are like in the ground  floor corner unit in a row house like, OK, it's either a bodega  or it's Patti McGillicutty's, you know.  I got married in Philly on Halloween.  And we our reception was just at our local bar.  And while we were there, children came in trick or treating. OK.  The regulars had candy on them like it wasn't the bars candy  and gave the kids candy and then the kids left.  Sounds totally normal to me.  OK. All right.  Ready for bar trick or treaters. That's amazing.  Must be common. Yeah.  I yeah, I always hear about the like parking lot  trick or treaters where people open like trunks and stuff.  And that is really more alien to me than like, oh, yeah.  And of course, you know, the bar at the end of the street  gives out candy.  I'm trying to think like in Chicago.  And I didn't spend a ton of time drinking in Chicago  because I'm from the suburbs and the city is a scary place.  So I'm not going to go there that much.  That's what I was raised to believe.  So but like Wrigleyville before you go to a Cubs game,  that there's probably a decent amount of kids watching as their dad  gets hammered before going across the street to the stadium,  the baseball stadium. Sure. Sure.  So that's probably the closest I can think of to like kids around.  But that's maybe one story I can think of in my way.  In the bar, you're saying? Yeah, because like you bring your  the dads are bringing the kids to the game, but you go to the bar  before going to the base.  They're going to drink a lot at the baseball game as well.  But you got to drink before as well.  To make sure that you're hammered before going in.  I don't know if I've ever seen a kid in a bar, maybe besides this place.  What is the general policy?  Illegal. Oh, OK. Yeah, but so.  So in these situations and what you're saying, this is just like it's  the legality is being a good.  This is this was also a time where like, you know, I'm bored.  I'm out of quarters for the arcade game.  I'm just going to pull on the cigarette vending machine.  Nobs are fun. Those are fun.  Those are fun. Yeah, those are very.  And the places I'm describing in Wrigleyville, probably that I'm thinking of  like their restaurant bars, too.  So it's not like kids shouldn't be in like kids can be in there  because they so they serve a kid's meal.  But dad can get a Long Island ice tea and he will.  This is let me take one more point about why like that.  This seems to have loomed as an odd thing, that there's this bar  in this theme park when I just like actually here.  I'm going to quote my my son's actual grandma  and say what I was describing, what this episode is and why we're doing it.  And she was like, you get hammered anywhere.  You get hammered at any every restaurant has hard liquor  and then children are in it. Right.  This is what I think this is why it doesn't necessarily land for me  that this is the strangest situation.  I don't know that I ever said it was the strangest situation.  I think it's just funny to see like  up top the hill at Universal Studios Hollywood, like everything.  Sorry. Oh, it's just in.  I swear it's happened multiple times in the morning before lunch.  The issue, I think, is just theming.  I want like Gru's drink stand and also Gru will give you  whatever the thing with the do whatever D.E.W.  Thank you.  Gru will give you his version of that.  And then I don't even bat an eyelash.  Gru could be selling weed up there.  And I wouldn't think it's as strange as long as it's themed to the eliminations area.  That's what I'm saying, which is a pretty enhanced banana daiquiri from great.  I love the CBD.  I love CBD. And he says that.  And then I go, yeah, great.  He's the bartender to the bartender, bartender. Right.  This doesn't sound good.  And you know what? And that drink that you just described, the banana daiquiri,  I think that they could justify charging twenty six dollars for.  That's a CBD infused CBD infused is just a complicated way of saying expensive.  And also does nothing in drink form.  Oh, I was going to say I did drink a can of CBD seltzer once.  And I started to really feel weird.  I started to really freak out.  Mm hmm. And I called Jane and she was like, that can't happen.  And I'm like, it is happening that she said that can't happen.  I don't think that's how it works.  I don't think it had. And I was like, I don't know.  I don't know. Gaming.  It's he got gamed. Oh, no, I got gamed.  That Jane was gaming. That was step one of the game.  How much of it did you had?  It was like a whole like 12 ounce can or whatever.  OK, I don't know how many like milligrams that would be.  Was it just that it was it had nothing to do with the CBD  and everything to do with that? It was a shitty drink.  No, I mean, I bought it at like a bougie liquor store in that water village.  So it was high quality.  I guess it was that good shit.  It was that good shit. Yeah.  Billy, what were you saying?  Oh, I was going to say that like CBD cocktails often have CBD oil in it.  Like that's it's like an upcharge.  They'll put oil in it.  So if you just want to drink with cold oil in it.  I have an option for you.  OK, Elish, I measure blends beautifully.  Oh, yeah, it doesn't look like weird scum on the top at all.  No, like seeing a puddle with like motor oil floating in the oil  and water go together perfectly as the old saying goes.  The famous BS, the snack you want.  But that's what grew would serve.  He would have like kind of a gross looking drink  because he's a supervillain and he's in the experiments to the group.  Are you like his laboratory?  Essentially, that's really more the Russell Brand Doctor  scientist character doing experiments that the shop is themed to him.  OK, what's the name of the character's name?  Do we know the truth?  This doctor, that guy who's not running a cult.  Don't worry about it.  The best guest club, Random has, and that's saying a lot.  Yeah. Oh, they just had Fred Durst on.  What did you do?  Director.  Eva texted that to us and I think said, Mike, don't die.  Let's let's talk about our our orders or in your case,  just anything you you've had up there and when there and there's what you  we took your recommendation and we'll get to that specific beverage.  But well, if you haven't heard,  I got to look up what the oh, here.  No, I got it.  My I got the Guinness old fashioned old Forrester Guinness  stout spiced bitters, simple syrup, brandy, cherry, which was not in there.  There was an orange slice instead.  Wasn't sure I was going to feel about this.  I tend to gravitate to old fashioned kind of stuff.  But the Guinness infusion sounded weird to me.  I liked this a lot. I really liked the drink.  I was surprised. Yeah.  I guess this is a question I had is, am I going to like the cocktails?  In this kind of in this sort of small. Right.  But I don't know. I dug it. OK. OK.  Well, Jane had the  it's very funny name Irishman on vacation,  which is coconut rum, simple syrup, pineapple juice and lime.  And I had the Irish mule, which is Tullamore Dew, Irish whiskey,  ginger beer, lime juice and lime.  Yeah, we both liked our drinks a lot.  I was very surprised they were using a nice brand of ginger beer.  It was kind of, you know,  bitter, like you feel in the back of your throat.  It wasn't like the super.  There's some ginger beers that are really sweet. Yeah.  But it was good.  I mean, this is one Irish whiskey and ginger beer, ginger  rails, kind of one of my go to drinks.  And I thought it was really good.  Hmm. I'm shocked so far by the the generally enjoying the beverages.  I do think it's funny that they are like, OK,  Irish pub, it's got a real traditional Irish pub.  But we want to have my ties, right?  We have to have my test. All right.  Well, how do we justify Irishman on vacation?  I guess it is.  Look, people from Ireland go other places.  They do. You tell me an Irish person has an Adamite tie.  They're justified.  That's what I was trying to figure out.  What are those? I was like, wait, is that a run runner?  Is that a my tie? Like, what is that traditionally?  Because there is a preview.  There's an older menu  where all the drinks are not Irish blank.  They're like their movie ones.  Oh, yeah. Yeah.  So I'll read that.  Mike, what tell us about your drink?  Well, I had a drink called Jurassic Water.  It is vodka, rum, tequila, gin, blue curacao,  melon liqueur, raspberry liqueur, sweet and sour and soda.  And it was disgusting.  That's coming from a guy who likes a lot of colors in his drink.  The fact that gin is one of them is so upsetting to me.  Yeah, I know.  I think I agree with you, but there's larger problems, too, I think.  Structural problems with this drink.  Foundation. The foundation, the concept of it.  Because I look, I've talked many times about what I like.  My grandma drink is the Mickey's Funwheel at Disney's  California Adventure. It's off menu.  I feel a little excitement when I order it like any off menu item.  This is off menu as well.  Yes, and I do.  Becky made a point of saying you got to get that.  You didn't call it the name.  You called it like I think I call it the off menu blue thing.  The blue thing. Yeah.  And it sure was.  And when it's layered, it kind of looks like blood in the water,  which I think is supposed to be the Jurassic connection.  Now, on the old menu.  I didn't get that. That makes sense.  That's good. But I didn't get that.  But that's also that's there's a much better version of that at the Joe's  Crab Shack. Oh, yeah.  Called the Shark Bite, which is a big like almost chalice glass  chalice, and it's like blue.  And then they dump a little vial of red in it to make it look like blood.  Now, that's a hell of a sugary drink.  That's a good thing.  This is why I'm fascinated that the Jurassic water is like  notably bad, because I feel like everywhere has like a blue thing  that is not optimal, but is at least potable.  Like, yes, I assumed it would be the same as like an adios  motherfucker or like a fish bowl, whatever the big blue thing is,  wherever you are.  But this is a special worse.  It's one of the worst blue things I've ever had.  I think for sure.  And it's so close to a Long Island iced tea.  But they also have a regular Long Island iced tea on the menu.  Well, an Irish Long Island, an Irish Long Island.  And don't forget, I just also have to name check the Shamrock Margarita.  Oh, it's just a margarita.  Yeah.  Or as we might know by its other name, Margarita.  Margarita. Yeah.  The old menu was all movie themed like Creature from the Blue Lagoon,  Frankenstein's Revival, Amity Island, Mytie.  That was kind of a leap.  And probably one of the more disgusting ones, Fast in the Fiery,  Cinnamon Whiskey and Angry Orchard Cider.  You can get that at Harry Potterland now.  I don't know. That's not bad.  I bet it's a little too sweet, but I bet that's one of the better ones.  Honestly, we were discussing, Scott and I were discussing.  I think that the Angry Orchard is maybe going to be too sweet with it.  If it was like a more subtle apple taste, I bet that's good.  But I could be wrong.  The Pitch Perfect Martini is gin, dry vermouth and sweet vermouth.  So I thought, oh, that kind of sounds interesting.  Both kinds of vermouth in there.  Hmm. Hmm. I'm not sure.  We'll have to do obviously a part two of this episode.  So yeah, I think some of us like to drink.  Hi, I'm so sorry.  Do you do you still make the pitch perfect martini?  Do you? The bartenders are really nice, by the way.  Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely.  Wait, I have a quick bet that you did.  You have had the Jurassic Water or were you just curious for us?  Oh, OK, OK.  I've just seen  I saw that there was like this off menu drink.  I've heard about it a bunch of times.  I think I've seen like vloggers do it.  And then when I was looking to like find the vlogs, I couldn't go with you.  So I was like, well, might as well watch people like, hey, guys.  Ask me about it.  And every single vlog I found of the Jurassic Water was like.  Just end of lockdown, still like fully masked talking to the camera.  And it was just like so triggering.  I had to turn it off. Yeah.  It was all period pieces from twenty twenty one.  When Scott mentioned it, I Googled it and immediately got like a very  posed Pinterest photo and also a tick tock of someone like that.  You got to go to this bar and Universal Hollywood  and order the off menu item like.  Yeah. And I think it was just because like  it's all like spring twenty twenty one because the rides weren't open yet.  So the only content they could film was an off menu.  Right. Blue thing. Right. Right.  Yeah. Did you did you even zoom forward to see them spit it out  in the toilet or anything?  I believe they said it was banging or perhaps busing.  They liked it. OK. All right.  Are we podcast the ride, the only theme park media that gets negative ever?  We're in a there's a small percentile of it.  And yeah, we're in there.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. There are a few because usually there's a scale.  If a theme park vlogger says like, oh, it's interesting.  That means they hate it. Yeah.  That's the last about as is.  Yeah. Negative as they can get a very solemn layer like.  Unfortunately, I have to rate this no cap.  No cap. There was like.  Mr. Morrow once like had some some Japanese candy or something,  and he like looked like he wanted to like spit it out.  And like that's the most negative ever seen.  Like, I feel like, well, we didn't edit that out.  Like, I was shocked.  He's he's pretty good at like not go at like, oh, this is fucking dog.  You know what? Mr. Morrow, I'll say this.  He ate the food at the San Diego Convention Center.  Big mistake. Big mistake.  Oh, my gosh.  And again, to be fair to him, this is one of the first big comic cons.  You never eat the like hot dog at the convention center.  And he was very negative about it.  Except Anaheim is full of like decent food.  Well, that's true. Yes.  This is not this is if you've ever been to Comic Con,  the San Diego specifically, but almost any comic con,  the food they're selling inside the convention center.  Yeah. No, no good.  No good.  I like why even get the food at the convention center,  because there's always going to be like a weird free like food truck  giving out like themed.  Sure.  To like primeval or something.  Right. Anything NBC's newest show about an earthquake or something.  Yeah. Quantico nachos.  You've never heard of the show, but you'll eat the nachos from it.  Yeah.  I also got packages of beer nuts for the table.  If anyone wants this unopened beer nuts.  Wait, those were at the bar.  At the bar. Yeah, they had beer nuts.  And then they refilled the rack with Doritos.  I think Jane said when she went back in.  So that's a nice bar touch.  I feel like Irish nachos, as they call them. Yeah.  Slainte.  Something else, something happened.  I feel like, Mike, when you were enjoying it, not well,  when you were not enjoying your dress, yeah, yeah.  You were not happy with the taste.  And then Jane pointed out, well, you need to mix it up.  It doesn't taste good to you because you have to mix it up.  Because like it is these disparate elements and you're only getting  you're getting like too much of some.  And your reaction, I've seen exactly this before  with the Mickey's fun wheel, where that is a drink with five layers,  bright, colorful layers. Yeah.  And I was with you once where it was suggested that you mix it up  because it would taste better.  And you give this look that's just this very it's very pensive, vulnerable.  If you feel you look like you are like lost on your first day of school  or so, you just kind of like, um, um, like you're you're really unhappy  about this suggestion. Yeah.  Being that I mean, what are you is it that you're if you mix it up,  it's not fun colors anymore. Of course.  Why would you order a fun color drink? It's mostly visual.  I love rainbow sprinkles for the same reason.  If they were mashed up rainbow sprinkles  and then it just turned into this brown color and it was a brown mash.  What am I ordering rainbow sprinkles for?  But can't you take it like as a lesson about impermanence?  Like pretend it's like Tibetan sand art or something or just like,  this was beautiful and now it's tasty.  And those are two different experiences.  And those are both.  Well, you get and you have you have both.  You have your moment with one and then the rest of the other.  You know, I could take it like that once maybe.  And then I would go revert right back to  being a little boy and wanting to see all the colors of the rainbow on my food.  You know, begrudgingly mix it up and it turned into a very kind of putrid color.  Yes. Kind of nasty.  I will say this did not make the taste any better.  So I guess the lesson, I didn't learn it because it didn't.  It didn't. Was it better?  There was no tasty.  And I think that's the same thing with Mickey's fun wheel,  even though they say you should mix it up, because that's what the fun is.  I think it's not when I'm having a, you know, a rocket pop or something,  or I'm having one of my favorite Johnny pops with a rainbow Johnny pop, of course,  with the Jason Sheridan mascot, Jason Johnny.  Yeah, Jason Johnny.  I'm not taking all five of the colors they have and the flavors  and mixing them up in a bowl and drinking it.  It's enjoyable to go color by color, flavor by flavor.  Well, how do you eat M&Ms?  Oh, well, those are the same flavor.  So I don't. You're not a sorter.  No, I take a handful and just joylessly shove them in my mouth.  Yeah, I know the colors there.  I don't. You know what?  That's interesting, because I don't care about the colors of M&Ms.  I don't. Oh, I do.  The one that was spent.  Interesting. It is.  It is interesting.  I do them one or two at a time, and I was excited to see what colors come out.  I could care less about M&M colors.  And that's interesting, isn't it?  You know, very interesting.  Highly interesting.  Highly, highly.  The difference with the pops, I would say, is that those taste good.  People are making the this has happened twice.  People have made these suggestions because your face looks unhappy.  But now with the fun wheel, the fun wheel, I believe the different flavors  taste distinctive and good.  Uh huh.  Was it that the hostess set or the server said maybe you're supposed to mix it up?  And then she left and you're like, what was that about?  That was that loon?  Yeah, no, I went to the manager and I tried to get her fired.  Yeah, I think that world view.  That was the suggestion.  But yes, I wanted to do it like a popsicle.  I want to just go flavor by flavor by flavor.  OK, OK. So that didn't taste bad to you necessarily.  No, the fun wheel I've had many times and I think it's good.  I think it tastes good.  And I think it was fine.  It was even better.  I think I tried mixing it at one of the times,  and I think it was much better than the Jurassic water mixed.  Gotcha.  I mean, I would buy that the Jurassic water.  It didn't feel good to me going in.  I only tried it briefly, just like the from the title to the pictures  to the reality, no steps of this felt like they were going to be good.  Do we know if Jurassic water is new in the last two?  Do we think it's like two or three years old?  Maybe. That's where I saw stuff about it.  Because, yeah, I mean, it seems you were saying there's an old menu.  Yeah, there's an old menu and it's just on there.  And I also want to know what's the first alcohol to call itself something water?  Because the first time I've ever heard of this is John Bon Jovi's wine,  Hampton Water.  Oh, that's his wine?  I didn't know that. Yes, yes.  Oh, I've seen Hampton Water. Wow.  Hampton Water is John Bon Jovi's wine, which I have not tried.  Well, I only hated it on one level.  I think I've got two.  I'm pretty sure I brought up Hampton Water, Scott.  I think you've not you don't remember that I that I was very excited  when I learned about his new alcoholic venture.  I've seen the phrase ranch water a lot more recently.  Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, I think, has a ranch water case.  That's new. So I wonder, yeah, what's the first alcoholic  called itself something water?  I think vodka is Russian for little water.  OK, OK. Interesting.  So that's that's truly the first one.  I could be wrong with that.  Also in Hawaiian, alcohol has water in the name.  It's a kle hau, which I was told means butt water.  Like it makes you fall on your ass.  But a first later actually means like water that you have like on a little still.  But I still like the idea of fall on your ass water.  Water. Yeah, that's pretty good.  That's pretty good.  I mean, that feels appropriate for a bar adjacent to all the minions,  because I feel like Bob and Kevin and company,  they're often falling on their butts, are often falling down.  But they're not drinking.  Uh, it would explain a lot if they were just hammered the whole time.  That's true. Right.  Just take the minions are hammered and they're old, too.  Ancient, even. Yeah, ancient.  They're well of age.  Right. So they're kind of elder gods situation, you know.  OK, so they're hammered.  Much like Cthulhu, they were hidden in the Antarctic for centuries.  Right. Oh, yeah.  And then an expedition, you know, unleashes it.  The man does not know what it does.  The dreaded others, the minions.  When the polar ice caps melt, it's going to reveal all these minions  that have been trapped for many years.  Bob waits, you know, gazing upon them, dry drives you to madness.  Just this year, trying to comprehend them at the minion of madness. Yeah.  That's right. OK. Yes.  Thank you.  By the way, Hampton Water is John Bon Jovi and his son.  This is so this is I said it and I thought it, but I wasn't sure.  So I didn't say it, but I'm even more excited about it now.  That's John Bon Jovi's son is involved.  The one who just got engaged to Millie Bobby Brown or does he have?  What? Really? I don't know.  Jesse Bon Jovi.  I didn't look into who Millie Bobby Brown is to be marrying into the Bon Jovi dynasty.  Yes. Wow. Wow.  All the little like empires are lining up.  I well, Defector just had a great piece about the Bon Jovi.  John Bon Jovi rest stop in New Jersey, which was filled with fake quotes  like Ed Harris saying acting is like scoring a touchdown.  And they even got as far as like asking his representatives that they got him.  I think they got him to confirm.  He's like, well, I gave an interview where I compared  like when I played football in high school and the satisfaction  of scoring a touchdown with like sometimes acting.  But I have never said the phrase acting is like scoring a touchdown.  Wow. They just did like a like a little word search  essentially within a paragraph quote from him.  Yeah. They found what they needed.  They're paraphrasing. They were paraphrasing.  I think there was like either a Plato or an Einstein quote.  Einstein makes a little more sense because he was at Princeton  for a long time and was Plato from New Jersey.  Plato. It's like Plato, Aristotle and the third big philosopher.  All Jersey. If he's a philosopher, he's from Jersey.  Jake Bon Jovi.  I'm so happy I'm learning all of the J Bon Jovi's that I know about.  What a family tree to explore.  All right. What have we not?  Well, I mean, is it time to talk about which ones have you had?  Oh, yeah. I haven't had any of the fancy drinks.  But I've just gotten gin and tonics over there because I've been  like pretending it's a real Irish pub and getting right.  Right. If I was there.  Got you. Uh huh.  Which, yeah, you do not need to order from the specialty cocktail  menu at this place.  You can. It is a full service bar.  I get well, to some extent.  I don't know that like anything is available there.  She the bartender made a point to go like, oh, yeah, we have a bunch of  bottles like not above the bar.  We have a bunch of different other stuff.  So just ask. This is a very functional thing for Universal Studios.  There is a bar you can get anything basically, and that is not like  just if for some reason you don't want the passion fruit  dilute new bar drink or whatever. Although that sounds horrible.  Yeah, it has a Yelp page and it's got like four and a half stars.  And most of the reviews are good, except a handful of assholes  giving it one star and complaining about like  turnaround time and taking so long for drinks.  And it's like, I don't know, man, you're in a theme park.  Why are your standards so that's going to come into play in this story, too?  Oh, OK. Yeah.  Let me here. I'll head towards it.  I did look I did see a Yelp review was four stars here.  Let me and it's relevant to what we're talking about.  The smallest pub in Universal and honestly, one of the least theme  parky places here.  Once again, the prices are out the yang.  I saw out the yang too.  I didn't know what it meant, so I didn't want to say I like out the yang.  Yeah. But the drinks are clever and filled with a shit ton of alcohol.  Basically come here to get hammered.  Nice. So look, it is the theory is being corroborated left and right.  Yeah, it was it said by this by this reviewer.  And this takes me up to when I was ordering my drink,  where I had a few questions for the bartender.  One was, is this the only place where you can get hard liquor?  Mike, this was your theory.  Yeah, there are four at Universal all told.  And then I had a very important question for her, which was, hey, really quick.  Do people ever come in here and just get like hammered?  And she said, oh, yeah, yes, all the time.  Yeah, no, because we do doubles and yours is a double.  Yeah, I didn't know, actually.  Yes, you'll see people.  I didn't know. You'll see people in here getting, you know, pretty crazy.  So I'm like, well, all right.  I mean, I guess, you know, I guess I wasn't arguing the thesis of it.  It was just such a particular way to frame it.  Yeah, that is correct.  It is correct. Confirmed by employee.  Jason was saying mom and dad in the morning getting hammered.  Yeah. So it's what? Yeah.  Confirmed by the bartenders. Yeah.  Whole family, whole family has expressed passes, but mommy and daddy.  Well, they've got another ticket to paradise, you know.  I had a point, but it doesn't matter.  I couldn't beat that.  Doesn't matter.  OK, so then the real experience to to talk about,  I am I am asking these questions of the bartender.  And then all of a sudden I feel a presence next to me.  I feel like brushing shoulders with me, basically.  And I hear hi.  And I turn and I see this woman.  She is on the older side of things.  I would suggest, you know, a good degree older than me, I would say.  She is wearing a black tracksuit  and she has the workiest lip I've seen in person, maybe ever.  And I say hi back and she says, what are you buying me?  And I go, ha, hey, oh, hi.  Well, we're going to have to sort that out, I guess.  And she says, hey, listen, I cut in line with you, so I'll buy you a drink.  My oh, wait a minute.  This is a pretty good deal here.  I'm being a little judgy of this person, but now I'm the victor.  I get a free drink out of breaking these rules.  I feel you have a question already.  No, you're just taking it in.  Just this, by the way.  I was so tired yesterday, just in general.  And I just like I couldn't believe this was happening immediately  because this is an in and out place.  This is not really it's not a hive of activity inside.  So the idea that this is happening  on our expedition to do an episode blew my mind.  I was just like beside myself.  The presence of an authentic barfly in the hallway bar.  Unbelievable. Yeah.  Just like a like boozy widow energy.  Yeah, that's kind of it. Yeah.  Well, and like and definitely  rich for some reason that is probably not fueled by her.  Just a guess.  Felt a little like a real housewifey.  I don't know.  Boozy widow who they have not ruled out as a suspect.  She can't leave the state right now.  She can't leave the stuff.  We're not accusing you of anything, but we'd prefer you stay in town.  Drinking, drinking a lot of universal to forget the memory  of when she killed someone, meaning her husband.  The energy when I eventually got in there reminded me of The Simpsons,  where Kathleen Turner is the creator of Malibu, Stacey.  And at one point, Lisa's like, let's do it now.  And and they cut to Kathleen Turner's character and she's like,  oh, she's like swaying about to fall over.  A little loss. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.  This is this is all accurate, but I'm very excited to have met a new friend  and we could have cut off this interaction here.  She buys me to drink with the what a pro.  Oh, my God. I have a benefactor now.  I'm delighted and a character, a character has just.  Hello, I'm here to be content for your show.  Yes, that is what it felt like.  But I don't I don't want to be done with this.  So she gets her like really healthy pour of red wine and a little plastic cup.  Oh, boy. Great. And and I get my old fashioned.  And then I'm like, well, I got to go. I got to fall.  I got to chat it up a little bit, see what brought her to this point.  And so we go off to the core. She's like, hold up in the corner.  She got one of the five chairs with a friend of hers.  And I go up to start start talking.  But then we're interrupted by the bartender saying,  did somebody leave a vape pen?  Which pays off in a matter of moments.  And you can. Yes, I'll let you guess if that was me or her.  But I start asking, so what's what's going on as your as your day at Universal going  miserable?  Oh, wait, how could that be?  You're at the entertainment capital of L.A.  You should be a great.  I'm here. I'm here with four 13 year olds.  So you guess how it's going.  Bitter sip. Oh, geez.  Well, hey, where are they now?  I don't know. And I don't want to know.  Then, you know, I'm taking pictures of things on the wall to talk about  for this episode.  So I kind of lean past her and I take a picture as some sign that was nothing.  It was not content at the end of the day, except that then she said,  are you taking a picture of me?  Because you're taking a picture of me.  You have to fucking delete it.  You have to do it in front of me right now.  No, no, not a no.  You're good. No, I would ask permission.  Don't worry about it.  You know what, though, we and around this time, Mike is  finishing getting his delicious, drastic water.  And I say, well, you actually will you take a picture of my friend and I?  And and I hand out my phone and she takes it.  And then just eyelids drop  like what goes on a window of shades.  There you go. Shades. Yeah.  So I can place that word shades.  She just like totally droops and then she stares at me.  I get you a drink and then you ask a favor of me.  I'm I'm keeping this and she pockets.  My phone goes into the tracksuit pocket.  And I go, well, what's the way out of this?  And she says, do you have any money?  I check my wallet.  I have one one hundred dollar bill, which I am not intending to give to this person,  whether she got me a drink or not.  And I was like, I can.  Well, maybe somebody does.  You give me a dollar and I'll give you I'll take your picture  and I'll give you your phone back.  Mike, you got a dollar, please.  I hope you have a dollar. I didn't.  Oh, and Mike does not.  OK, so now we have to reach out to Jason and Jane, who I wonder.  I wonder if you're even catching what is going on.  No, I didn't know.  I thought, oh, maybe someone's doing a trick inside or showing like a fun bar.  Another like I feel like Irish bar like go to.  Right. People like to do that magic.  Yeah, like, you're always going to see screen here.  Screaming babies you can't see and see magicians or quarters or like some sort of thing.  No, no, this is now this is bail money.  We're trying to bust my phone out of tracksuit jail.  What did you say when you went?  How did you explain the situation?  You just said you have a dollar.  I thought maybe you just a dollar.  Wanted to give more of a tip and didn't.  And then I said something something funny is going on that I don't even know fully  what it is, but you need to get up and go over with me.  Oh, yes, because I want to Jason in the picture.  Right. Right. So yeah, definitely.  But you need to be part.  I think I said something like you need to be part of this.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.  So I was I was glad you went over for multiple reasons.  When you when you had the dollar, when I saw it coming through the window,  thank God, I really thought this could be that I might not get this phone back.  It was the angry.  I mean, I there's no other way in my mind to interpret it.  It was the angriest flirting I've ever seen, essentially, because like there was a  flirty air. Yes.  Teenager like I got your phone and I'm not getting it back unless you could.  This is money.  I assume you need a dollar.  So this is a this is a 13 year old drumming off on her.  That's yes, they.  I hope not.  That is figuratively, figuratively.  That is the best way to deal with four 13 year olds.  I feel like at Universal Hollywood, you unleash them and you just post up somewhere.  Oh, man. Jason. Back in a few hours.  Jason got along with this lady like I tell me about those 13 year old lady.  Boy, how they on unload your  same tracks, both wearing the same tracksuits.  I'm here to listen.  But then when you're done talking, I'm here to do some close up magic.  So thank God the dollar arrives.  And Jason, here is your dollar.  Thank you. Thank you for sorry.  I'll make you get it off the ground later.  I just want to make sure it went in your direction.  And which because in during this hostage time,  she goes outside and starts vaping aggressively.  The longest pole I have ever seen in in like kind of an indoor  like kind of leaning out the door, but also there's construction walls.  So it's like very narrow space.  Yes, not a relaxing plate.  No, no, no. She's there to do business.  Are you even technically allowed to vape on park property?  I'm not sure. Is there?  Yeah. Are there vaping areas, smoking areas?  I think. Yeah, I think.  Well, because they were they were announcing that in Universal in Florida,  the two universal parks were down to one smoking area each,  which was news to me that you could still smoke inside of those parks.  So there must be.  So they're probably doing it in an unauthorized area.  Yeah. Yeah.  I think the official vape area might have been the one foot space  between the the Irish bar and the construction zone.  It's possible.  She obviously operates by her own code.  So whatever universal's law are doesn't matter to her.  And you know, and you know what?  I admire it and I salute her for it.  I had a great time in her presence.  I celebrate her.  So, yes.  So Scott, right before he's because he gets the he's this starts happening  at the bar, he turns to me at a certain point early on and he goes, get a photo,  get a picture of us.  And I'm like trying to take like a covert little picture of this happening.  And the guy behind me couldn't have been more of like  stereotypical theme park dad trying to get a beer desperately.  Mad about the line.  That's the loud guy.  That's the loud guy.  And he was usually in pretty good spirits, but you can turn real quick.  But those guys I'm trying to do this, but I'm also not trying to like  frame it up here.  So people go, this guy's just taking pictures like it looks creepy or looks weird.  So I'm kind of trying to do like almost like a covert one.  I don't really know.  This guy's like peering over my shoulder a lot  because he wants to figure out what's going on, not because he gives a shit  about what I'm doing, but to me, it feels very intrusive.  So it's making me feel very self-conscious about taking a photo.  So I'm lining it up and I take two bad ones and I'm lining up the third one.  And there were two bartenders.  So the second bartender also became free.  The guy smacks me on the back and goes, hey, bud, you're up.  Yeah. Yes, yes, yes.  So I don't like the like, I'm in the middle of taking a photo.  He hits me on the back.  I go, well, whatever. So I went to go, hey, do your fucking job.  What are those tree trunks? Are they legs?  Start walking.  But, you know, he physically made contact with me to get me to move  because he was so impatient about getting a beer or whatever.  Either guy really wants to belly up to the bar  or like you're too aggressive little league coach, like, hey, you're up.  Come on. Well, I know this guy for sure coached little league.  This guy got into this guy had the energy of like getting into a fight  with another kid's dad.  This guy made it to eyewitness news.  The the middle of the hour. Yeah.  Yeah. So I did not. I didn't get a great photo.  I have a photo of you, too.  You just you can't see exactly what's happening.  Geez. Well, and I you know, all right, this guy's violent with you, my friend.  And then he's trying to judge a nice connection that two adults are having.  What do you mean trying to figure out what's happening here?  Two adults are having a moment at the Irish bar where you can get hammered.  Yeah. And my friend is trying to preserve this moment. Right.  Forever. Yeah. Yeah.  That's all that's happening.  So the the dollar shows up, thus enabling the photograph.  Jason is in this photograph, not knowing the story or why this aggressive woman  is taking pictures. I came up.  Yeah. And enjoying the photo.  Jane also has some photos.  Oh, she sent me. I am.  And she adds some of them are live photos.  So you can just see me smiling and going, huh?  I was going, I don't know.  Is that Scott's food coming out of that pocket?  I feel like I've seen that phone before.  Yeah. Wait a minute. Why is Scott's phone in a truck?  There's a version of that, though, that didn't end there  in the sense that I was like, I'm not sure this lady's giving the phone away  for a dollar.  We are released very quickly.  Like it didn't it was not overstaying our welcome kind of thing.  No, she took she took the photo.  You know how sometimes you have somebody you hand somebody your phone  and we take a quick picture and they go here.  I took a few. Not this person.  Nope. That was that is a one and done.  The photo is bad.  I hope I will post it and you'll see a bad photo of us.  The cost of dollar in true theme park fashion.  The only way to make it more theme park is that it cost nine dollars. Yeah.  And and we were released.  Oh, but on the way to that, it was like, OK, so we're ready.  And I can get my you take that picture and get my phone back.  And she's and then she's pulling it out of her pocket and going like, whoops.  I can't seem to get it out.  That's what I'm saying. There's like an angry flirting happening.  Can't seem to pull it like and I like, I think you're a bad actress, ma'am.  No offense. Yeah, that's like you have to do it energy.  She's like, touch me in pant area. Oh, no.  Was that the idea? Yeah, I was supposed to get it out.  I feel like I feel so naive that you knew this the next day,  but then I couldn't realize it in the moment.  Well, anyway, I mean, long, long story short,  we did it. We had sex.  We went back to the Sheridan.  We got the the Telly Savalas room at the Sheridan and yeah,  where we're recording the sweet and, you know, they did things get sloppy.  I'm not going to go there.  That part's not not for content.  And that's where this episode is being put on tape right now.  Israel, the real his authentic 70s real machine.  Wait a minute.  Telly left his he left his old camera.  Yeah, I know as many.  It was in his will. Yeah.  He left his old camera is real, real machine and his many rings and gold chains  that he has always photographed and lollipops.  If anybody's getting sloppy,  sloppy, tellies, what Jane and I discovered, by the way,  because if you call a lift Universal Studios Hollywood, it's yes.  Do you want to be dropped off at the gate at the back lot  at the end of City Walk by like Bucca and then or in the Frankenstein garage  where they have established the Frankenstein Ride app lounge.  These are four benches,  four benches next to some pillars where they have put up a lot of  there's a lot of giant Frankenstein  photos from the movie and also this this little  cartoon Frankenstein who did some shopping.  Oh, yeah, cool. I like that.  That's good. Yeah, no, we well, we look we stopped there for a second, too.  We did it under the bench.  We couldn't make it all the way to the to the Jarratton to,  you know, the passion was your six is when the podcast  or guys started talking about their affairs.  They were having women at theme parks.  Well, this is yeah. Look, Erin, sorry, this is how you're finding out.  But, you know, you understand, you know, that my hall pass is  any aggressively drunk woman in a black tracksuit.  Yeah. So you were just you were just hoping it wouldn't come to pass.  It's in your story. We made a deal. It's in your pre no.  What lip fillers you were saying? Yeah.  Yeah. With a with a very truly gigantic lip.  Yeah. Mm hmm.  Yeah. Yeah.  So look, you meet some characters.  Yeah. At this place, it's a real it's an old fashioned watering hole.  You meet some people who are a little different from you.  But you make sure you have a good time.  I think you have a story like this.  Is there a version of this where you met a universal character?  I don't have that, but I did have one more clip.  Oh, yeah. Text to you.  Yes, sure. Mm hmm.  That we.  We talked about how this is like a place where  they made it look like a back lot, but it's not a back lot.  And those people don't film there.  There is one thing. Yeah. Yeah.  That films at that went past mulligans.  What? While they were shooting. Really?  Oh, OK. Oh, my God. OK.  The we Britain part of Arrested Development is the Baker Street.  Oh, right. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah.  And they go there's a shot that goes right by Mulligan's.  Oh, geez. OK, OK.  Here we go.  Um, is it early on?  Think it just like the first thing that happens.  Wait, I'm going to missed it there.  Yeah, it's at the very beginning.  The steering just goes past Mulligan's. Wow.  That's more like grab a screenshot for later.  But yeah, yeah. Oh, great. Great. Oh, there it is.  You know what?  It was so like blended into the environment perfectly that I didn't even think.  And it says Mulligan's on it even. Wow. Look at that.  That's some risky logistics trying to get the stair car.  It's kind of narrow the pathways and streets up there.  And obviously, like they go in the scene, they go to a pub,  but it's obviously not Mulligan's because you couldn't fit like one camera  inside there, let alone like lighting and stuff.  Wow. So it's famous.  It's preserved as famous as the 50s, would you say?  Well, no. OK, sorry. No, no, no, no, no.  Come on. Nothing's more famous than the 50s.  Jukeboxes. Come on.  Sock up. Iconic.  Both iconic.  Well, I mean, if we're winding down here, the closing thoughts.  Look, I mean, I'm really glad that we got to meditate on this for a while  and go up there and have a good old time.  I think we needed it. I think we needed to.  You know, he needed his medicine.  Daddy needed it. The two daddies.  And then the other daddy.  And the little wooden boy. Yeah.  Little other little wooden daddy. Little wooden daddy.  Needed his medicine. No, it was it was the energy was pretty fun up there.  I do want to revisit it, like head up there at like 11 a.m. on a Tuesday.  Why is the crowd so low?  It's for work. Sunday.  No, I mean, I want to see what the chill.  See what the chill like hours.  Yeah. Well, as I said, the part two of this episode coming soon.  So we need to.  Is this your way? And then part three and four and five.  But what we're saying is we are going to go drink aggressively at 11 a.m.  at the Irish bar.  We're going to shed this gram.  Image of podcast. Yeah, that's right.  I think drinking a fair haven, guys.  We've already got an outline mapped out.  You take a vodka drink, you take a whiskey drink, you take a cider drink,  you take a lager drink.  Yeah. And then you sing to songs that remind you of the good times.  And then you sing songs that remind you of the better times.  Absolutely. Yeah.  Well, oh, track suit.  Yeah. Let's go.  13 year old.  And my.  Ironically, they are at one of the bars down, down like.  They are at one of the bars.  He's gone.  Their allowance only that goes a lot farther on Ventura Boulevard.  Well, I think we're there.  But these guys, you survived podcast, the ride.  What a blast. Thank you for joining us.  Sorry you couldn't make it last night, too.  We got we should find a time we should we got to go.  Let's say let's let's get it doesn't have to be over.  Let's go get let's go get hammered.  Get hammered. Yeah. Yeah.  Let's exit through the gift shop.  Anything you'd like to plug?  Yeah, I've got some stories for Vulture coming up soon that I'm excited about  that I feel like the PTR second gate audience will like.  I'm going to be doing a list, a ranked list of the DILFs of DECOM,  the channel original movie.  Oh, OK. All right.  Oh, my God. Wait, can you get I don't want to give away any rankings,  but can you give away an example of who you made the list?  Oh, yeah. Patrick Fabian is the dad in like five movies.  That's Howard on Better Call Saul. Oh, right. Yeah.  Who was also he was on.  He was like a hunky professor on Saved by the Bell, the college years.  He was who dated a student, which is gross now.  Oh, that's right. He dated Kelly.  Was it not gross on the show?  No, it was like it was like Zach was weird for being jealous.  So it's like, oh, really? Wow.  OK. Perfectly natural.  Well, hey, I'm glad they fit it in before before it became gross.  And of course, I'm going to put on their congressman  Dellums from The Color of Friendship, a perfect movie about  that taught me what the South African apartheid was when I was a kid.  Whoa. OK.  Is Mickey Rooney in Phantom of the Megaplex too old?  Does he not make the running? Not an actual parent.  That's true. We don't know much about his home life.  Yeah, it's not father figure. I'd like to fuck it is dead.  Got it. Got it. Stepdads are in play.  Is the dad from Fuzzbucket in the mix?  I'm trying to remember who that was.  It doesn't count because it was a that was a magical world.  Yes. Disney.  That's not a channel.  Original. I got it. I got it. I'm sorry.  Or else Vulture will kill me.  Oh, gosh. Yeah.  I'm going to edit that part out just so I don't look stupid.  Do any of the in analyzing the activities of the the Dilfs in any of the movies?  Do any of the Dilfees need their medicine?  Oh, a lot of the Dilfs need their medicine for sure.  And that medicine is learning that their son can do something  that's not hyper masculine. All of them. It's like.  They can cook, they can dance, they can do things that aren't just football.  A lot of the Dilfs are also the coach of the team that the guy  teen is like ambivalent about being on.  Dilfs and Kilfs.  All in one.  And then the other story that I was writing when I sent  when I called my shot on the called shot. Yes.  Is I went to every Lisa Vanderpump bar  in L.A. just to see how they're doing post scandal.  And business is fucking booming, my boys.  Wow. Crazy in there.  Uh huh. How many are there?  There's three in WeHo.  There's like a triangle. Really?  And then there's Schwartz and Sandys, which is by UCB.  It's like by birds. Oh, yes.  On Franklin.  No, it's the old deli around the corner.  Yeah, that was the Cantina and the Cantina moves.  Right, right, right. Wow. I haven't been over there.  Which one's the best?  Schwartz and Sandys has really good cocktails.  They had a Thai tea Manhattan, which sounds kind of similar to the Guinness one.  But it was like very subtle and cute.  Oh, interesting. Wow.  But they're it's more like a theme park than a restaurant.  All of them.  That's the energy people call it, like not gay Disneyland,  because Disneyland's already gay Disneyland.  But you get it. OK. Interesting.  This seems like possibly a place where I can meet my black track  suited friend again. Right.  Doesn't it? For a private assignation.  Yeah, because as as we discussed or not, we've discussed,  but I've discussed frequently.  Yeah, Vanne Pemper Rolls is all about people cheating.  That's the whole point of the show.  So that's where you should go to have an affair. Great. Great.  Well, finally, step one, I need a track suit.  You need a track suit and then you got a Google map.  The best way to sir and pump and, you know,  Schwartz and Sandy.  No, I don't know.  I've been outside them.  No, I haven't dined in them.  I know people who have. What's the last one? Tom Tom.  Tom Tom. Can't believe Tom Tom.  So you're saying this is theme park enough to warrant an episode, maybe.  OK. Well, all right. All right.  Well, folks, sound like it sounds like we're not getting.  Call. Yeah.  You're giving me you.  I've been doing them all. You need to give me one for the end, Mike.  Completely devoid of a sentence.  I don't know. Whatever.  Whatever context you want to put it like a podcast.  The Ride Boys are going to do a couple more episodes about getting  hammered.  Yeah. And also affairs.